SAMSARA

By
S E Collins

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY
S E Collins at Smashwords

Samsara
Copyright 2012 by S E Collins
3rd Edition

All rights are reserved.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

* * * *

Chapter 1: Carpathian

January
BODEN HELD THE accelerator pressed to the floor, pushing the car to its limit whilst he drove through the night, covering the nine hundred miles or so between Germany and Romania in less than ten hours.  The interchanging scenery whizzed past us framing the endless dark road until a wave of nausea prevented me from gazing out of the window any longer.  Instead, I dragged my coat over my head and curled up on the seat.  I wanted to fall asleep but my mind persisted with firing questions and replaying terrifying flashbacks of the events that forced us to escape our reality in the first place.  Boden also remained quiet, neither answering my thoughts nor distracting me with conversation.  I guessed his silence indicated his preoccupation with his own mind, considering what might lie in wait for us at our looming destination, or perhaps he was deliberating a strategy for his battle.  Whichever it was I chose not to interrupt him and kept quiet, lost in my own thoughts under my coat.
We arrived in the heart of the Carpathian countryside just as the sun began to wake up the sky.  For as far as the eye could see, pale silver mountains towered above the sea of trees, knitted together without a trace of civilisation.  An hour or so more passed until we pulled over to the side of the deserted road into a sheltered lay-by.  
“We’re here.  Their camp is in the heart of the Carpathian Mountains over there.”  Boden jabbed his finger towards the centre of the mountain range.
I slid out of the car after him and stretched this way and that untangling my stiff body before I wrapped it up in my cosy coat for protection from the fresh unpolluted chill.  I watched Boden from for a moment.  He stood motionless at the rear of the car gazing out across the landscape.  I meandered over to him, taking my time and kicking loose stones along the road.  Towards the end of our drive, his posture became tense and a permanent scowl spoiled his beautiful face.  I wasn’t entirely sure what mood I would find him in.
“We have to travel the rest on foot.”  He announced at the sound of my approach.  
A musical beep followed his words, at the command of the car key that Boden held in his hand. The simple sound seemed to signal the end of our escape.  I stepped closer to him, wanting to reach out to him in search of comfort but he denied me with his scowl still firmly fixed in place.  I backed off feeling the effects of an invisible wound while Boden scooped up the large rucksack lying on the floor between us and threw it over his shoulder.  Before I could string a few words together to put a dent in the heavy atmosphere Boden picked me up too and positioned me on to his back with as much regard as he had the rucksack.  
“I can walk.”  I murmured under my breath hurt by his cold unfamiliar behaviour.
“Too slow, we need to hurry there’s a lot of ground to cover.”  His terse tone lacked its usual warmth.
Thoughts crossed my mind about whether I had grown to become an inconvenience to him; hindering him in his responsibilities.  After all, this rescue campaign must be the real purpose for him to exist in a mad world where monsters and demons live alongside blissfully ignorant humans, instead of pandering to a pathetic terrified human girl by having to pretend to be normal to salvage her fragile sanity.
Without warning Boden’s warm hands lifted me off his back on to the ground in front of him.  In light of his peculiar behaviour my heart pounded with fear for what he might be about to say or do.  
Boden rested his hands on my shoulders and bowed his head down with his eyes burning into mine.   “Summer, please stop those ridiculous thoughts!”  He squeezed me up against his chest.  “After everything we’ve been through do you still lack faith in my all consuming love for you?  My violent craving for you drove me to the point where I couldn’t face this world without you.  Do you really think I’d ever consider you an inconvenience?  Please Summer, it is very insulting.”
“I’m sorry it’s just that. . . .”
“Listen to me.  I am at odds for putting you in this position when I promised you a normal life and I’m worried what it might do to you, but I’ve brought you because I can’t bear to be separated from you again.”  Boden sighed.  “However, I am indebted to the pack because without the Chief, I would never have found you again and I consider that an enormous debt to repay, which, alas forces me to do this.  Please don’t ever doubt that you are the most precious and important thing to me.  But right now I need to focus in order to get my mind ready for them.”  Boden tapped the side of his head and smiled.  “All their voices plus yours; it’s going to get crowded in here, and I do not want them knowing things about us that they shouldn’t.” 
The return of his warm smile relaxed his face and the reassuring words alleviated my silly doubts.  I smiled back at him before he pressed his soft lips against mine, allowing them to linger for a moment or two.  I didn’t want him to stop.  I wanted to stay locked in the sweet tasting happiness they sold.  Instead, Boden pulled away and stretched a mischievous grin across his face with his head cocked to one side.
“What?  Why are you looking at me like that?”  I giggled.
“Do you fancy a ride on a wolf?”  His eyes glinted.  ”We’ll get there a lot quicker.”
I wrinkled my nose with hesitant excitement.  “Erm, okay?” 
Boden stepped away from me and transformed into his enormous black wolf self.  He lay down on the ground and waited for me to climb on.  I gripped the thick fur around his neck and braced myself as I waited for him to rise up and move.  Boden began with a slow canter to reassure me before he accelerated until we were flying at great speed across the carpet of open fields leading us through into the crowded woodlands.  
Once we were inside the forest the trees compacted together squeezing out the beams of sunshine, yet Boden managed to swerve and dodge the obstacles with mystical ease in spite of his fast pace.  When it became too much of a white-knuckle ride with the barrage of trees firing past us like bullets, I clung on to him with a tighter grip and succumbed to my urge to bury my head in his thick warm fur.  The sensation of sinking into the softest duvet enveloped me whilst his fur somehow intensified his intoxicating smoky leather scent.  The compulsion to nuzzle my head deeper overpowered me.  I drowned in his addictive fragrance and hadn’t even noticed we’d arrived at the camp, until Boden ruffled his coat to awaken me.  
The picturesque scenery surrounding the pack’s camp astounded me.  Pea green grass littered with blood red peonies blanketed the ground.  Dense forest framed the outskirts of the camp except for the far side where a sparkling stream ran along the foot of a snow-topped mountain.  Notes of smoky wood wafted through the air around us, originating from the large fire pit that sat in the centre of the arresting camp and I counted several wooden lodges propped up on short stilts scattered in an unpredictable pattern across the site.  It seemed to be a hidden unspoiled haven.    
In my imagination I had expected to see numerous wolves wandering around, yet as we stood on the edge of the boundary taking in our new surroundings, the camp remained eerily still and empty.  It wasn’t until the Chief, who had found us yesterday inside Boden’s remote Black Forest castle, strolled over to greet us that there was any sign of life.  Boden clutched my hand on his approach.
“Boden, Summer.  Thank you for coming.”  The Chief struggled to sound both welcoming and hide the desperation that ricocheted through his deep gruff voice.   
I glanced up to Boden whose expression froze with an added distant look in his eyes.  The Chief was talking to him through his thoughts, probably showing him what had happened.  I watched with concern when Boden’s forehead crumpled a little.  He said nothing but he stroked the back of my hand with his thumb.  The Chief turned around and led the way towards the fire pit.  
While we followed a few steps behind Boden leant down and whispered in my ear.  “The attack has been brutal . . . The Chief’s Son, Mihai, has been badly hurt.  He is too injured to return to the fight just now.” It didn’t escape my notice that Boden appeared to be fighting to contain a smug smile that seemed determined to stretch across his face.  
“Mihai?”  I clarified.  The story of Boden’s parents seemed like a dark fairytale at the time he told me but now the thought of Mihai here amongst us brought it to life with sudden terrifying reality.
“Yes.  It is a terrible blow for them because he’s their best warrior, the alpha warrior wolf.  They’ve had to retreat so that they can heal and recoup, but they fear there isn’t much time before the vampires find them here and if they do, in their present state, they’ll be unable to hold them off because of their numbers.  A few of the younger wolves are patrolling the boundaries and keeping a look out.”  Boden continued in a low whisper.
I shuddered with fear, the word ‘Vampires’ triggered a flashback of Ben’s nefarious face.  Boden released my hand and put his arm around my shoulders whilst the Chief led us up a ladder into one of the wooden lodges.  
Inside the lodge, the walls were bare and sawdust lined the floor.  A dim lantern flickered in the corner on a table and across to the other side a man lay naked on a makeshift bed of hay.  His sculpted body appeared contorted, with blood and dirt staining his torn skin.  We stood in the hut awkwardly observing the injured man who remained motionless, almost corpse like for several minutes before anyone spoke.
“This is my son, Mihai.”  The Chief whispered directing a pensive glance towards Boden.
Mihai’s peaceful and almost angelic face contradicted the image of the villain I’d conjured up in my head when I’d listened to Boden’s recollection of his parents’ deaths and I found it difficult to marry this person to my villain.  After several uncomfortable moments of silence, the Chief gestured for us to move outside again.
“Mihai will heal soon, but not soon enough.  There is very little time left.  The vampires will be here soon.  The pack is waiting for you to lead them to victory Boden.”  An air of ceremony hinted in the Chief’s words.
Boden nodded at him and turned towards me.  
“Summer, unfortunately there is no time to waste; the sun will set in a couple of hours.  They need me now and I owe it to them to finish this, but I will be back in a couple days.  I am leaving you in their protection.  I wouldn’t leave you if I had any doubts.”  Boden’s promise sounded confident and yet his reluctance to leave me burned in his eyes.  
I wanted to beg him to take me with him, but I knew he still hadn’t forgiven himself for leaving me on the night that Ben visited and it pained him to leave me again, so I kept quiet.  I knew that it was something he had no choice in and the only way I could help him was not to make a fuss and let him fulfil his duty.  Two days was nothing compared to the time he had waited for me.  Boden leant down and placed a gentle kiss upon my forehead.  I reached up and locked my arms around his neck, visualising in my mind how I wanted him to kiss me goodbye.  He ignored it and pulled my arms down and held them in front of his chest.
 “Save that for when I come back.  I will be back soon.  When I return, there will be time for that and so much more.”  Boden flashed his wicked smile.   “Go get something to eat and drink and keep warm okay?  There are plenty of jumpers in the rucksack.” 
I nodded and gulped down the fear already starting to swell in my stomach.  Boden planted a gallant kiss on the back of my hand before he walked away to transform into the gigantic wolf again.  Anxious knots writhed around inside me and I knew it would be pointless to try to force any food down.  Instead, I reached into the rucksack and pulled out the water bottle, taking baby sips while I watched him disappear from view.
In the distance, nine more wolves emerged; none as big as Boden and all with fur in different hues of grey that glittered in the glow from the late afternoon sun.  They waited patiently for their new leader, watching him approach before he led them off through the trees.  
* * * *
For the past five months, Boden and I had spent every possible waking moment together, except for a handful of rare yet insufferable occasions when we were forced apart for a few short hours.  The thought of two whole days and nights without him made my heart ache and hunger for him almost instantly.
I needed to distract myself.  I glanced around the wolves’ home and across to the far side.  Two identical females caught my attention and I watched them play by the water’s edge for some time.  I envied their apparently simplistic life unaffected by time or fear.  For the wolves, vampires were the reason for their place on this earth and I assumed it must be as normal as waking up for vampires to figure in their everyday life.  Yet for me, the knowledge that vampires existed in the shadows chilled me to the bone and I ignored the fact that a part of Boden belonged to those pernicious creatures too. 
After a while, the sky transformed into a sea of blush and the breeze chilled the temperature.  I wandered over to the fire pit for warmth where the Chief sat with another elderly man.  
“Ah Summer.  Come sit.  This is Litovoi; he is an elder of the pack.”  The Chief said introducing the old man to me.
I smiled at the old man who returned my smile before he rose up and strolled over to one of the other wooden lodges.  I sat down and warmed my hands above the fire.  I glanced across to the Chief who seemed transfixed on the dancing flames with a strained worried expression.
“How many have you lost?” 
“Four.  One experienced and three young warriors.”  The Chief sighed and maintained his glazed stare on the fire.
“Boden said that werewolves are more powerful than vampires?”  I probed in the hope that this would all be over very soon.  Unfortunately, my own words triggered images of Boden’s description of the pack ripping his father.  I clutched my arms in defence of my own imagination.
“That is true . . . usually.  However, there are more of them than is natural.  Mostly we come across one, two, or maybe three that are together, but there are at least twenty of them, maybe more.  They sought us out.  It is most unusual in these parts.  We have kept the peace for many years, only removing those that are a threat to the villages or us.  Vampires are becoming more civilised, especially during recent times.  It doesn’t make sense for them to attack us like this when we have done nothing to provoke them.”  The Chief shook his head, clearly unable to comprehend what was happening.
An abrupt choir of distressing howling interrupted us.  I jolted in reaction to the terrifying sound.  
“It’s a war cry.  Boden is going to finish this.”  The Chief reassured.  “Please make yourself at home here, you are safe with us.  The pack will keep them away from here.  Please excuse me for a moment I have matters to attend to.  If you need anything just ask.” 
I nodded and watched the Chief stride across the field towards the females who were sat huddled near the mountain spring.  Alone with my thoughts again was not a good idea so I left the warmth of the fire in search for another distraction. 
I paced around the clearing attempting to kill some time and energy until I could fall asleep and dissolve a few more hours.  Nervous anxiety me spurred me on.  I couldn’t shift the unshakeable feeling that my presence only added to their plight at a time when they were already stretched to their limits protecting their own kind, never mind having to worry about me just to keep Boden happy.    As the depth of the dark night descended I tightened my circle to avoid venturing too near the sinister forest and wandered closer to the lodges.  On my third circuit I found myself outside Mihai’s hut just as his scream roared out from within it.
“Vino aici.  Come here!”  His demanded in a painfully strained voice.
I looked around me for someone else to tend to him, but there was no one else anywhere near me.  Although his tone of voice frightened me, well he frightened me, I couldn’t ignore him.  He sounded so desperately in pain.
“Who are you?”  Mihai demanded through gritted teeth as soon as I stepped inside his lodge.
There was no light inside the lodge and once the door closed behind me it was like walking into a black hole, but I could hear his heavy breaths and smell the sweat and dried blood on his skin. “S-Summer.  Er. . .Boden brought me with him.”  I hurried, hoping to escape as soon as possible.
Mihai let out another scream. 
“What’s the matter?  What do you need?”  I cried in despair of hearing any living thing in such excruciating pain.
“Water, pass me the water.”  He demanded. I hesitated to move while my eyes strained to see through dark shadows.  “There in the corner.”  He directed impatiently.
  I fumbled around and found the jug, not before slamming my shin into something hard, but suppressed my feeble yelp.  I then felt around for the cup and somehow managed to pour some water into it.  I stumbled over towards the sound of Mihai’s laboured breaths and held the cup out for him to take, hoping that he had supernatural eyesight..
“I can’t move my arms you stupid girl.  You need to put it to my mouth.”  Mihai growled.  
His commanding voice coupled with the hint of a Romanian accent made Mihai sound almost majestic, and a little rude.  Shocked, I crouched on the floor next to him.  I felt my way along the bed and slipped one of my arms under his head to lift it a little.  I tried to judge where his mouth was and placed the cup in front of his lips, slowly tipping the water into his mouth.  
While he sipped from the cup, he opened his eyes.  I couldn’t avoid looking down into them; they were the most dazzling emerald green and glowed like cats eyes in a dark road.  “Mulţumesc . . .  Thank you.” He replied in a gruff voice that sounded similar to his father’s.
Despite his obvious disablement, his boldness scared me and Boden’s disdain for him lurked at the back of my mind.  After I placed the cup on the floor, I attempted to leave.
“Don’t go.  Stay.”  Mihai called out before I could reach the door. “There is a lamp to your left, twist the key at its base and it will glow.”  He coughed.  “I’m sorry I was rude.  It’s just the pain, as I heal . . . it is agonising.”  
The lamp glowed as he said it would and I could see him forcing a smile while he fought the pain searing through his broken body.  Mihai seemed to be making an effort to be friendlier.  Curiosity flickered inside me.  
The dim glow of the lamp also revealed his lack of insulation, which surprised me.  I had a winter coat, jumper and two t-shirts on yet the cold still managed to slice through all my layers.
“Is there something else you need?”  I offered taking pity on him.
"Just someone to distract me from the pain. . .”  Mihai grinned with an audacious glint in his emerald eyes.  “So . . . Boden has a human girlfriend?  How interesting.  He is quite determined to continue the mongrel line isn’t he?”  
“You don’t like him do you.”  I defended from across the room making clear my position.
“No. No I don’t. Nevertheless, I understand why my father would request his help.  It is intriguing that he chose to help us when he lived with a vampire all those years.  Very interesting.”  While Mihai mused, his voice grew stronger and smoother with each word he spoke.
Mihai’s lack of gratitude upset me.  “He is a good person.  He’s come all this way to help you.”  
“Ah yes, you’re right so he has.  I’m sorry . . . Enough about the mongrel, what about you?  How does a beautiful young human girl get mixed up with Boden Phelan?”  Mihai probed in an excited and playful tone.
I blushed and was thankful for the dim light.  “To be honest he found me.” 
“Oh yes I remember now-Samsara.  He was lucky.”  Mihai chuckled appraising me before coughing and spluttering as he twisted his body on to its side.
I stared at him in shock and dropped my arms.  A moment ago, he couldn’t even lift his arm to take a drink of water.  Yet now he lay on his side, supported by his arm. 
“Oh.”  Mihai responded glancing down at himself after reading my shocked expression.  “I am healing, we heal very fast.  Didn’t Boden explain that to you?  My spine has realigned itself now.  See?”  Mihai waved his hand along his body.  It no longer looked twisted or shredded but suddenly very . . .hot . . . very naked.  I blushed again. 
“I’ve got the feeling back in my arms and legs.  I told you all I needed was someone to distract me.  Please sit down here next to me.  You look uncomfortable and cold.  I’m . . . hot-blooded.  We project a lot of heat.”  Mihai winked and pulled a blanket across his middle.
I should have refused, turned around and left, but he intrigued me, so I didn’t.  I argued with myself that it wouldn’t hurt to stay for a few more minutes.  I moved hesitantly over to the bed and sat on the floor next to it, resting my back against the wall.
“Don’t you have a wife or girlfriend to help you?”  I quizzed.
Mihai’s eyes seemed thoughtful.  “No.  No wife, no mate.” 
“Surely you have the pick of the pack, isn’t that how it works with this type of thing?”  I pressed further.
“Sort of, but . . . There’s been no one since. . .”  Mihai paused for a moment.  “Not for a long time.”  He hurried.  “My father wants me to settle down, and produce an heir, the usual thing.  But, there’s been nobody . . . for a long, long time.”  A quiet sadness echoed in his tone.  “. . . .  What about you?  I want to hear about you.  Tell me about being you?  It’s been many years since I’ve spent any time with a human girl.”  Mihai smiled.
Although he tried to hide it with flirtatious gestures, his loneliness burned from every pore and flamed my curiosity further.  “I’m quite boring really, especially compared to the life you lead.”  I replied, unable to think of anything that would interest an immortal werewolf.
“I don’t believe that.  You are Boden’s obsession.  Your death sent him to us in search of an execution.”  He dismissed my self-depreciation with a chuckle. 
I grimaced.  I hated the thought of Boden in pain, and the possibility that if he hadn’t been so impenetrable, he would have died because of me.
“Okay, well . . . don’t say I didn’t warn you.”  I teased and edged closer to Mihai to absorb some of the warmth he seemed to project.
 Once I started talking, I couldn’t shut up.  My initial embarrassment quickly dissolved and I relaxed into opening up to him about things I had not spoken to anyone about.  Without realising it, I stumbled on to Ben, someone who I had been unable to speak about since the funerals three months ago.  Pangs of guilt from my memories stabbed in my stomach.  My life with Ben, before Boden, seemed like a parallel lifetime.  
“You probably think I was really selfish.”  I cringed after I’d retold the tale of my friendship with Ben and our subsequent ill-fated marriage.  I wished I had not been quite so open and honest.
Mihai smiled.  “I think the opposite; I think you prefer to believe you were selfish.  Your intentions were pure.  Could you say the same about his?  You were vulnerable after the sudden loss of your parents in the car crash, and you were only seventeen.  Ben was your best friend.  He shouldn’t have pushed you.  You can’t force a love that isn’t meant to be.  Your destiny lays elsewhere.”
“But it caused a chain reaction of events that ended so badly.  If I hadn’t been selfish and tricked Ben into coming back to me, then perhaps none of this would have happened.”  I disagreed.
Golden wisps of hair fell across Mihai’s face as he gently shook his head.  “You can’t change destiny Summer.  Everything happens for a reason, although that reason may not reveal itself at first, your journey and the obstacles you must endure are predetermined.”  Mihai paused with thought for a moment.  “Now you have Boden, who is strongly linked with your destiny both in your former life and this one.  It is fascinating.  Samsara is extremely rare, especially to materialise with such a strong bond.  I am interested to understand what recollection you have of him and your past life.  How did you find each other?”


* * * * 

Chapter 2: Dark Angel
Five months earlier

IN THE MONTHS since my break-up with Ben, I purposely led a muted social life, choosing to avoid any situations that could lead us to cross paths and become involved in another heated confrontation and I certainly hadn’t given a fleeting thought about meeting anyone else either.  Yet on a stifling hot Friday when customers eluded the store where I worked, it was whilst I watched the time drag on like an endless bad dream that I first saw my dark angel.  
At the time I had been desperate to encourage the time to move a little quicker towards lunch by using the passersby as a distraction through concocting ridiculous lives for them to lead.  
My eyes soon discovered a man with raven hair facing the shop and leaning against a lamppost across the street.  All of a sudden, he seemed to be the most obvious person in the street, yet I had not noticed him until that moment.  He hid his eyes under dark sunglasses and therefore I couldn’t be sure which direction his eyes fell, but mine were transfixed on him.  His imposing appearance left the rest of the strangers occupying the street fading into a blur around him.  I leaned closer into the window to absorb every detail of him and it was then that it occurred to me that he resembled a dark angel from classical paintings; too perfectly formed with a majestic confidence and brooding expression.  I half expected a pair of wings to unfold from behind him.
“Ow!”  I yelped startled by my nose bumping into the window pane, which brought me back to reality with a painful bump.  
The blood surged to my cheeks.  In an attempt to regain my composure, I turned my back to the window and rubbed my nose to soothe the immediate pain.  I moved away from the window and walked around to the counter in as casual a manner as I could manage.  However, I could not resist capturing one final gaze at him.  I lifted my eyes up, slowly, attempting to be subtle, positioning them in his direction. 
“Damn it.”  I whispered to myself.  
The lamppost stood lonely.  He disappeared.  I rushed back over to the window hoping to see which direction he may have headed but the Dark Angel had vanished.  Without a trace.  
“Maybe he did sprout wings and fly off.”  I muttered in disappointment.
* * * *
Lauryn bounded into the shop just as lunchtime crawled into view.  She had taken the morning off to go shopping for her first holiday with her boyfriend Gabriel. 
“Look, look what I bought, aren’t they gorgeous!”  She shrilled and bounced up and down holding up two new bikinis in her hands; One bright pink with white polka dots, and the other a barely there black ensemble.
“Gorgeous.”  I smiled instantly infected by her permanent state of happiness.  
 “Been busy?”  Lauryn enquired as she hid her shopping under the counter.  
“No.  Not at all. . .”  I sighed and flashed a fleeting look that gave a hint of something more to tell. 
 “What? What happened Summer, what are you itching to tell me?”  She replied playing along with me.  
“Well . . .”
 “Go on go on, don’t keep me in suspense.”  Lauryn persisted with excitement.
“Well, I got bored of sorting through the new stock, and . . .” 
“Yes, yes?”
“Well . . . I noticed this guy standing across the street, he was wearing sunglasses, so I can’t be sure, but it looked like he was staring over at the shop.”
“At you?”  Lauryn interrupted with an over animated expression.
“I don’t know if it was me . . .,” I said feeling the blood rush back into my cheeks, suddenly hoping he wasn’t looking over at me and witnessing my collision with the window.  
“But he was staring over this way?  Oh wait; we are talking a good looking guy, not a creepy one?”  Lauryn teased.
“No!  Not a creepy one.  Oh Lauryn, he was a very good-looking guy, almost unbelievable, too good to be true.  I’m starting to think I dreamt him up.”  I wrinkled my nose and shook my head in embarrassment at my own silliness.
“What do you mean?”  Lauryn giggled as she leant on the counter resting her head in her hands.
“Well I looked away-after staring for too long-and when I looked back up he’d gone.  I went to the window and couldn’t see him up or down The Lane.  There’s no way he could have disappeared that quick.”
“He could have just popped into a shop?”  Lauryn suggested.
“He couldn’t have moved that quickly.  I would have seen him I’m sure.”
“Maybe you need to get out a bit more?”  Lauryn teased.  “Look, I know you didn’t want any fuss today, but it is your twenty first birthday and we should go out and have a proper celebration.  It’s not natural the way you’ve locked yourself away.  You need some fun.  Let’s go to Gabriel’s.  If Ben’s there, we’ll make sure he gets nowhere near you.  I promise.” 
I thought for a moment, but failed to come up with a convincing excuse.  Lauryn succeeded with her persuasion.  I conceded.  Perhaps I did need a change of surroundings before I went completely insane and hallucinated anymore angels.
* * * *
Later that evening when we arrived in town the atmosphere buzzed with revellers getting high on music and alcohol.  We all headed over to ‘Foxy’s’, Gabriel’s bar.
“Did you hear about Summer’s imaginary man?”  Lauryn teased, sipping on her vodka and lime.
“No, what’s this?”  Charlotte replied with playful intrigue.
I explained to Charlotte what happened earlier in the day and she burst into laughter.  “You so need some fun.  You’ve spent far too much time cooped up since you and Ben.  .  you know.”  
I rolled my eyes at her and grinned when the vision of the dark angel inadvertently flashed through my mind again.  
As the evening progressed and the alcohol flowed, I relaxed and enjoyed myself, especially once there appeared to be little chance of running into Ben or his mates.  
I chatted to Gabriel at the bar to give my throbbing feet a rest for a while.  I was obviously out of practice because Lauryn and Charlotte managed to push through their pain and continued to strut about on the dance floor.  Gabriel later excused himself gesturing towards an increasing crowd of customers circling the bar.  I waved in response and hopped down off the stool to search for Lauryn and Charlotte in the overly crowded bar.  
Whilst I sorted through the sea of faces on my sore and unsteady feet, I accidentally tripped and launched myself, with as much grace as a giddy elephant, into a poor unsuspecting bystander.
 “Gotcha.”  A deep voice chuckled with their large hands clasped around my arms.  
When I glanced up to apologise and thank them, my mouth fell wide open in astonishment.  The kind stranger propping me up was the ‘Dark Angel’ from earlier on.  The dark sunglasses had vanished and exposed his amazing cobalt eyes.  
“Hi my name’s Boden, Boden Phelan.”  He struggled to contain a muted chuckle.
I shook my head to break away from his fascinating eyes, “Oh . . . er . . . sorry-and-thank you.”  I replied, embarrassed by my clumsiness. 
 “Can I buy you a drink?”  He offered in an unusually mesmerising tone.
“Oh . . . yes . . . thanks.  Shouldn’t I be buying you one though?”  I giggled in an overly girly manner.
 Boden took my arm in an odd old fashioned manner and led me to the bar whilst he kept a secure yet gentle hold of my arm.  We took our drinks outside into the night garden and found a quiet place to sit on one of the carved pine benches.  
Tiny fairy lights filled the garden; hanging from trees and canopies.  They swayed in the summer night’s cool breeze and gave the impression of fireflies buzzing around us whilst the oil lamps on the chunky pine tables flickered, providing a romantic setting under the mystical summer moonlight.
 “So, what’s your name?”  Boden asked maintaining his delectable tone.
I hesitated for a moment waiting for someone to jump out and reveal that this was a big joke.  “Er . . . Summer James.”
Boden rested his arm on the back of the bench where we sat.  “Hmm. . .  Summer . . . that’s pretty.” 
“I think maybe my parents thought it was appropriate because I was born in August and had blond hair. . .  I think.”  My rambling eased my nervousness. 
“It’s beautiful, it suits you.” His smile was infectious.
I hoped to listen to Boden talk all night.  His tone had a smooth hypnotic flow that put me at ease and distracted me from everything but him whilst the grating sound of my own voice only seemed to ruin the magical hum that his resonated.  I also fought against my need to lose myself in his gaze and dragged my focus away so that I could pay attention, but like a magnet his alluring mouth drew me in until all I could think about was kissing him and imagining the feel of his mouth pressing against mine.  The fantasy grew vivid in my mind causing my heart to beat at a furious rate. 
I must have been lost in my thoughts a little bit too long, because Boden cleared his throat to gain my attention and laughed.  
“Oh sorry what did you say?”  I asked in a fluster with the blood surging into my cheeks once again.
“Nothing.”  A mischievous edge flickered in his warm smile.
I thought perhaps I had passed out and it was all a dream.  It just seemed too good to be happening.  I appraised him with careful thought again.  His degree of attractiveness intimidated me because he was almost too desirable, yet something about him seemed almost familiar to me, although I couldn’t be sure how because Boden was definitely not someone you could forget. 
“Are you okay?”  He asked placing his hand on my bare shoulder.  The sensation of his touch brought a surge of exhilaration pulsating through me and left me breathless.
“No-I mean yes-I mean ...nothing at all, you just looked familiar.”  I stumbled, muddled by the intense response he provoked in me.
Boden smiled.   “I have to confess, I saw you in the shop on The Lane this morning.” 
“Really?”  I gushed flattered that he’d noticed me too.  “I saw you as well.”  I added coyly.  “But no, no that’s not it; it’s something about your smile.”
“Maybe I look like someone you once knew.”  Boden suggested.
“Maybe” I smiled, but I just could not get past the fact that he was too unforgettable.
“Summer?  There you are.”  Lauryn called from the doorway.  “Ah, I can see you’re busy.  We’ll be over near the bar when you need us.  Okay?”  Lauryn added with a wink before she disappeared back inside the bar.  
She didn’t even bother to wait for my response so it must have been written all over my face.  I cringed inside at the thought of how obvious I must have appeared.
“Do you want me to escort you back to your friends?”  Boden politely suggested.
I shook my head and beamed.  “No, I’m enjoying sitting out here and talking to you.  You intrigue me.”
Boden returned my smile and held my gaze.
“Have you just moved into the area?”  I asked, still trying to decipher where I had seen him before as well as attempting to distract my mind from its lustful thoughts.  Boden shook his head.   “No, I live a little further out of town in the countryside.”  He narrowed his eyes a little, maintaining his gaze on mine.
“Oh.  Did you grow up here?”  I rambled again after feeling confused by my inability to look away from him.  
Boden smiled and tipped his head to one side and took hold of my hand “Can I ask you a question?”  He purred seductively whilst his face smouldered in the soft light.
Captivated by him I nodded as an exciting tingle raced up and down my spine and it took all my self-control not to surrender to my urgent desire to leap on top of him and kiss him like a wanton woman.
Boden leaned closer towards me.  My heart palpitated with anticipation.
“I’d like to kiss you, if that’s okay with you?”  His sweet breath caressed my face.
The blood pulsated inside my cheeks whilst the rest of me trembled lustfully.  I nodded and closed my eyes inching forward ever so slightly to meet his lips. 
“SUMMER!” A familiar voice hollered, interrupting the fulfilment of my wish.  
I glanced over in horror and frustration to confirm the yell belonged to Ben. 
“Who’s that?”  He asked, with little evidence of the warmth he exuded only a moment ago.
His jaw tensed and he sat back against the bench, although he did not remove his arm from around my shoulder and his fingers burned against my bare skin.
“Ben’s my er, er well sort of ex husband.”  I stuttered uncomfortably with embarrassment.  
Ben strolled towards us without pausing until he stood in front of us.  He invaded our space and exuded arrogance; arms folded and glowered at us.
“Happy Birthday.”  Ben’s sarcastic tone ruined the sentiment.
“Thanks.”  I mumbled. 
Unconsciously, I twisted the small silver heart locket Ben gave me for my birthday.  Inside it contained a picture of Ben and me as children.  I loved it because it reminded me of the close friendship we shared growing up.  Definitely a happier time for us.  I thought the thoughtful gift indicated he had accepted our situation, but now that he stood in front us, obviously upset, I wasn’t so confident.
“I need to talk to you.  Now!”  Ben demanded with raging impatience and glared at Boden’s arm resting on my shoulder.
“Excuse me, but Summer and I are having a conversation, I think you should find a more appropriate time to do this.”  Boden gallantly suggested to Ben as he stroked my arm with his fingers, leaving trails of sizzling sparks all over my skin, which distracted me to the point where I could barely concentrate on anything else.
A few moments of tense silence built up until Boden rose to his feet to impose his size upon Ben.  Ben although tall, could not compete with Boden’s towering stature.
 “You are excused.  Now if you don’t mind I need to talk to my wife”.  Ben retorted and glared at him with vexatious intent.  
 “I’m not your wife anymore.”  I mumbled, humiliated by Ben’s rude interruption. 
For what seemed like an eternity, we all stood in silence, allowing our eyes to speak for us until it became too much for me.  “Boden, I’m so sorry, I need to sort this out with him.”  I capitulated hoping to prevent Ben from making more of a scene than he already had.  
Boden averted his glare from Ben and smiled at me.  “If that’s what you want Summer, I’ll see you again soon.  I promise.”  His whisper blew close to my ear and his lips brushed against my cheek.  “Happy Birthday by the way.” 
My blushing cheeks burned again as I fought my propulsive desire to seize hold of him and kiss him until Ben evaporated.  I prayed that particular thought wasn’t written all over my face for them both to see.  
Boden chuckled to himself before he cast Ben a last look that implied he could snap him in two if he chose to.  Ben missed it, his eyes were too busy glaring at me, but I could not take my eyes off Boden as he walked away vanishing into the shadowy doorway.
“What Ben?  What do you want?”  I snapped annoyed that he had stolen my moment with the dark angel who, now thanks to Ben, I thought I’d probably never see again.
“Who’s that?”  Ben asked struggling to keep his tone calm.
“None of your business Ben.  Where do you get off demanding to speak to me like that?  You were so rude.”
“Answer me, who was it?  Is that why you left me?”  Ben demanded.
“No Ben, he’s not why I left.  We’ve been over this I thought you’d accepted it.  I left because I’m not in love with you and never have been.”  I yelled furious at his behaviour, although as soon as I’d spoken the words I’d regretted them.  They’d stung him and the hurt burned in his eyes.
“Who is he?  What are you doing with someone like that?”  Ben questioned with impatience.
“None of your business.”  I refused and folded my arms in defence.  
Ben reached forward and clutched my arms with abrupt force.  “Who is he?”  He repeated through gritted teeth, shaking me violently.  
“Ow Ben.”  His reaction frightened me.  My eyes welled up with scared and angry tears.  “Let go.  His name is Boden.  I just met him tonight, alright?  It’s the first time in a long time I’ve been out with my friends.  I just wanted to have some fun for once and act my age.”  I cried.
“Then why can’t we try again . . . if there’s no one else?”  Ben pleaded and released my arms.  “Whoa . . . wait, did you hear that?”  He added distracted by something unexpected.
“Hear what?”  I snapped, rubbing my arms to erase the burning red marks where he had held them too tightly.
“It sounded like a . . . a . . .  growl?”  He trailed off looking around him.
“Ben I don’t want to try again.  I thought this meant we were going to be friends again,” I sighed and clutched his locket.  “ . . . But I guess that’s impossible for us now.”  
 Ben stared at me.  Mute.  I didn’t wait for his response; instead I made my escape into the bar hopeful that Boden hadn’t left just yet.  
I searched through the crowd of faces, desperate to apologise to him, but Boden’s face was missing.  Lauryn and Charlotte rushed over to me as soon as they saw my distressed expression.
“What happened?”  They asked in unison.
“B B Ben.”  Was all I managed to say, hampered by my sobbing.  Charlotte gave me a hug, whilst Lauryn called a taxi to take us home. 
* * * *
As soon as we arrived home, I apologised and disappeared to my room.  As soon as I slumped onto the bed, Ben’s birthday card taunted me from the bedside table.  I grabbed it and ripped it up into a handful of scraps of card.  His behaviour at Foxy's proved he was far from ready to be friends again and now I could not bear to wear the locket or even look at it so I shoved it into the back of a drawer and slammed it shut.  
* * * *
Strangely, on Saturday morning I awoke feeling refreshed and energetic following the best night’s sleep I could remember.  I wandered into the kitchen and made breakfast before I discovered Charlotte had already gone out.  When I glanced at the time I realised I’d slept in for most of the morning.  In my unexpected energetic state I could not face being alone in the flat with nothing to occupy me all day, so I texted Charlotte and arranged to meet up with her for a coffee in town. 
“Hello sleepy head.”  She greeted when I arrived.
I cringed.  “I can’t believe I slept for that long.” 
“You seemed so upset last night, I thought you’d want some time alone.  Did you have a bad night’s sleep because of the Ben thing?”  She asked showing her concern.
“No, that’s just it; I had the best sleep I’ve ever had.  I feel good, refreshed. It’s odd really.”
Charlotte smiled.  “You’re exhausted.  You’ve been through a lot lately.”
“I’m sorry about last night.  Seeing Ben again was a bit of a shock, especially the way he reacted.  I thought things were going to get better, but now they’re worse again.”  I sighed.  
“He just needs time.  He needs to accept you’ll see other people and he needs to do the same.  It won’t be easy for either of you.  You’ve spent the last sixteen years entwined in each other’s lives.  It’s going to take more than a few months to get over what you went through and back to a new kind of normal.”
We sipped our espressos whilst Charlotte showed me the fabrics she’d bought for her next design project, all exquisite and very expensive.  
“So are you going to tell me about the guy you met last night?”  Charlotte asked with friendly curiosity.
“There’s not much to tell.  Thanks to Ben.  All I know is that his name is Boden Phelan and he lives out of town.”  I huffed. 
I wanted to tell Charlotte how amazing Boden made me feel and the intense desires he provoked, but I thought she’d assume my emotions were in overdrive with last night being my first proper night out in months.  I also cringed at the thought that she might think that I had thrown myself at the first random man I stumbled upon and therefore I decided to keep the details to myself for a little longer.
“Did you get his number or arrange to see him again?”  She pressed further.
I shook my head and sighed with disappointment.  
“Hey don’t look so down, I’m sure if it’s meant to be you’ll see him again soon.  If not, there’s plenty more fish in the sea.”  She grinned and glanced at her watch.
Charlotte’s rushed slurp of her coffee highlighted her eagerness to get started on her new designs before her regular Saturday evening dinner date with her parents, so I insisted she leave me to wallow in my disappointment and ushered her off.  
Alone in town I decided I might as well be organised and shop for Lauryn’s birthday present.  It certainly beat going home to be left alone with my thoughts and daydreams.  I really needed to sort myself out and find a hobby or something.  Ben’s absence left a giant hole and now I wasn’t even sure who I was supposed to be or what interested me.
I wandered around the shopping centre for a couple of hours without a clue as to what to get Lauryn.  I held onto the vain hope that the perfect present would leap out and show itself to me, but it didn’t.  I searched in clothes shops, music stores, and department stores with little success and eventually grew bored of the busy crowds and endless array of gifts that just weren’t right.  In one final last-ditch attempt to acquire something Lauryn would be pleased to receive, I lingered around the windows of a jewellery store gazing at earrings, bracelets and necklaces.  I peered through the window deliberating between two bracelets when a familiar voice spoke.
“Hi Summer.”
I glanced up at the reflection in the store window and caught a glimpse of him.  
“Hi.”  I replied in a fluster, pulling my fingers through my hair as discreetly as I could before I turned to face him.  
I had paid zero attention to my appearance when I rushed out to meet Charlotte.  I just threw on some jeggings and a baggy t-shirt.  I felt such a mess whilst he stood in front of me blessed with the appearance of a beautiful dark angel; effortlessly dressed in a red t-shirt and jeans with his wavy raven hair loose below his jaw line.  
“I’m sorry about what happened last night.”  I replied urgently.
“You don’t have anything to apologise for, it was your estranged husband who was rude.”  Boden replied with undeserved grace.
“Yes, well still, I am sorry.  It’s a bit complicated.  I thought he’d accepted that we were over, but his behaviour last night proved the opposite, I guess.”  
“How about we go for a walk and you can tell me all about it, if you want?  I’m an excellent listener.”  Boden suggested as he led me away from the jewellery store.
“Oh o-okay.”  I agreed as casually as I could pretend to be, so that I could hide my excited relief that Ben’s antics had not deterred him - yet.
We strolled out of the busy shopping centre and headed towards the park.  I told Boden the story of how Ben and I had grown up as best friends and after a difficult period we married but our union had failed when I quickly realised that although I loved Ben deeply as a friend it had never spilled over into romantic love.  I explained that Ben continued to have trouble accepting the truth, which was why he reacted in the way he did the night before.  Boden listened attentively, asking appropriate questions, yet remained mysterious about his own life and whenever I attempted to quiz him, he managed to divert the conversation back to me, derailing my own train of thought.  
We wandered around the park for a while until the afternoon met the evening and the crowds thinned leaving the surroundings peaceful and still.  Once we reached the far side of the park Boden suggested we sit down, opting for a cool spot under a large oak tree.  
“It’s funny how we keep bumping into each other like this.”  I rambled when my nerves kicked in again.
I settled down next him; too close because I could feel the warmth from his body drifting towards mine and my desire to touch him surged again.  I ordered myself not to look at him, knowing that if I did, I would lose my self-control completely.
“Maybe its destiny.”  Boden teased.
“I was convinced Ben would’ve turned you off me.  It’s not exactly an endearing prospect to have someone’s ex causing a scene the first time you meet.”  I blushed although my gaze was still averted to the floor.
“Anyone who is loved that much by another human being must be worth getting to know.”  Boden noted, lifting my chin with his finger to encourage me up to look into his eyes.
His charm melted my heart and I forgot my plan of self control.  Instead I gazed into his eyes, falling in awe of him.  The shadows from the tree blended with the summer evening light and emphasised his strong lines and mesmerising eyes.  His beauty stunned me.
“So Summer . . . now that we are alone, with no estranged husband lurking behind the trees,”  Boden paused and playfully glanced around.  “ . . .Would it be okay for me to kiss you?”  His tempting tone sent my pulse racing.  I could not respond.  I could not move.
Boden leaned forward and slid his hand under my hair and around the side of my neck encouraging me towards him.  I shivered and my heart pounded with exaggerated thumps.  He searched my eyes and I watched as his transformed into a striking turquoise shade of blue like an exotic ocean bewitching me with their beauty.  Boden tipped his head slightly to one side and edged towards me.  My lips pulsed wantonly, desperate for the press of his mouth.  Finally we connected.  Soft pillowy lips cushioned against mine and then I tasted him, a luscious taste that sent quivers south, stirring fire in my lap.  Boden wrapped his other arm around my waist and pulled me up against his warm body.  I twisted my fingers eagerly around his hair willing the kiss to never end.
Unsealing his lips from mine, he whispered with a mischievous smirk.  “Are you okay?”  
“More than okay.”  I mouthed and pushed my lips against his.  
Heat exploded inside me and overpowered any rational thoughts and I pulled myself into his lap, needing more.  Unfortunately, Boden possessed more self-control than I did and released his kiss for good this time.  The intense desire left me feeling lightheaded and peculiar and I craved another fix of one his addictive kisses.
“C’mon lets go get something to eat, I can hear your stomach growling.”  He laughed and sprung to his feet with his hand held out for me to take. 
* * * *
We ambled over to a small Italian restaurant and enjoyed a quiet meal on their veranda.  High on infatuation, a grin remained plastered across my face throughout dinner whilst the memory of our kiss played on repeat in my mind.  He smiled back.  After the restaurant Boden escorted me back to the car park with his arm rested loosely over my shoulder.  It made me feel safe and happy for the first time in a long time and I wished he’d never need to let go.  Yet the time to leave arrived too soon when we reached my car.  Boden lowered his arm and turned to face me gently easing me against the side of my car with his hips.  My heart raged again.  Boden held my hands at my side and pressed soft kisses against my neck.  “Hmm, I’ll see you tomorrow.”  He purred against my ear before opening the car door for me.
Still comfortably within the haze of his allure, I slid silently into the car and brought the window down.
Boden leaned through the window.  “See you in a few hours Summer.” He whispered and kissed my cheek.
I gave him a girly wave and drove away, regretting my silence and wishing I had the courage to invite him back with me.
* * * *
When I arrived home at nine o’clock, Charlotte was still out.  I reached for my phone only to discover I had left it on the kitchen table earlier.  I picked it up and texted Charlotte to check she was okay.  Charlotte returned my text straightaway confirming she was over at her Mum and Dad’s and would stop with them for the night.  
Alone, yet contented now, I slumped down on the sofa and switched on the TV.  I flicked aimlessly through the channels whilst my mind diverted my thoughts back to Boden.  I found it scary to admit that after only a few hours I had become so infatuated with him and it seemed impossible to comprehend why someone like him would be interested in me when he could easily have anyone he desired.  Somehow, in his presence, I instantly felt safe and content and his charm seemed to be melting away any restraint I thought I possessed.  
Lost in contemplation a sudden loud thud on the door startled me and brought me back to reality with a jolt.  
“Summer?  Let me in.  Now.  It’s important.”  Ben shouted whilst he banged his fist hard against the door.
“Hold on, what’s the matter?”  I called back while I unlocked the door.
Ben pushed past me stomping into the living room.  His body appeared tense and I noticed his hands curled into tight fists by his side.
“Hey, what is up with you?”  I asked following behind him, quickly becoming annoyed by his rudeness.  Again.
Ben lifted his chin in the air.  “Where have you been?  This is what is up with me.”  He replied through gritted teeth.  He jabbed his finger sharply up towards his neck.  “I’ve been ringing you all day.”
I moved closer towards him to inspect what he was showing me.  “Oh I’ve been out and I forgot my mobile.”  I had noticed that he rang several times when I texted Charlotte, but I thought he just wanted to continue the argument from last night and I was not in the mood for that. 
 Once I moved closer to Ben, I saw the blue and purple bruises covering his throat.
“What happened to you?”  I gasped.
“Your new boyfriend that’s what happened.”  He glared with furious eyes.
“What?  Boden?”  I shook my head in disbelief.
Ben dropped down onto the sofa and perched on the edge of the seat.  He leaned forward and narrowed his eyes.  “Yeah.  That guy who you’d supposedly only met last night.  After you ran off, he came back and choked me.  He told me to stay away from you.” 
“What are you on about?  You can’t come in here and start making accusations like this.”  I shook my head with anger and turned my back on his glare.  “Please will you leave now?”  I demanded pointing towards the door. 
“No.  Listen; you need to know what sort of a person you’re getting mixed up with.  He attacked me; I thought he was going to strangle me to death Sum.  He was frightening and I’m a big guy.  He’s a psycho.”  Ben protested in an act of concern.
I faced him again and looked him square in the eye, “Ben, that’s ridiculous.  Why would Boden do that?  We’d only just met, and in case you’ve forgotten he left before either of us and I know he wasn’t anywhere in the bar when I left.  That doesn’t make any sense.  Besides if he was that frightening what are you doing here?”  I taunted in defence.
“I care about you.  I love you.  Sum please don’t throw us away for someone like that.  You’re still my wife and we could make it work.  Take things slowly.  No pressure I promise.”  Ben twisted the wedding ring on his finger.
 I shook my head.  If there had been any glimmer of doubt that I made the wrong choice about leaving Ben, it disappeared as soon as I met Boden.  He changed everything.
I sat down next to Ben and took hold of his hand.  “Ben I’m sorry there is never going to be a second chance with us.  It was a huge mistake.  You need to accept that you and me together again isn’t going to happen.  I should never have let it get as far as it did.  When we fell out and you disappeared, I was lost without you.  When you returned I needed you, but I became confused by my feelings.  We weren’t meant to be married, we were meant to be best friends.”  A tear escaped from my blurred eyes.
Ben stood up and paced around the room for a few moments before he responded.  “No I don’t agree.  I remember how it felt to be together.  I admit we lost each other once we were married – but we just need to work on it, take one day at a time, slowly.  We could even live apart for a while, go on dates and discover each other again?  Please just one more chance?  Don’t you think you owe me that?”  Ben remained in denial of the painful truth.
“No.  Please hear what I’m saying to you.  I know it’s painful. . . .  I . . . I didn’t want to say this to you . . . but perhaps it’s the only way of getting through to you.”  I deliberated.  “Meeting Boden last night and spending time with him today has reinforced that you and I aren’t meant to be together in that way.  He makes me feel alive in ways I’ve never experienced before.  We should only ever have been friends, best friends, nothing more.  We ruined our friendship by pushing it into something it should never have been.” 
“So that’s where you’ve been today?”  Ben sighed.   “And I guess this means you are going to see him again?”  Ben’s tone sounded defeated.
I nodded.
He stared at me for a moment or two, before his face crumpled with anger.  “You shouldn’t.  He’s a roid-rage thug Summer.  The lads aren’t happy about what he’s done either, I’m warning you he’d better watch his back after what he’s done to me.”  Ben threatened, protecting his wounded pride.  “And if he ever lays one finger on you . .  .”
“Ben, stop this.  Please?”
“No Sum.  Listen?”  Ben calmed himself down again “Believe me as your friend.  I don’t want you to get hurt.  He’s not right for you.  If he loses his temper over something as insignificant as what happened last night, what happens when you upset him?”  He switched tactics in his approach.
Now my hands clenched into tight fists down by my side in reaction to the frustration and anger that boiled inside me at his insistence to pursue his incredulous lie. 
 “Ben, go home.  I don’t believe you.  It makes no sense.  You’ve never liked me getting close to anyone else even when we were kids.  I allowed it to happen then because I thought you were looking out for me, but I know better now.  It’s not happening anymore.  I won’t let you.  We are not the same people.  I am not the naive little girl who allowed you to manipulate her anymore.  We’ve lost our friendship.  This behaviour has to stop.  You have to accept we’re over and move on with someone else like I have.”  I shouted too loudly. 
“Okay.  Okay I understand it sounds a little farfetched-but that’s the point Sum, if he’s willing to behave like that within moments of meeting you, what’s he going to be like after weeks, months or years?  You think I’m possessive?  I am still your friend, in spite of what’s happened between us and that’s why I’m telling you this.  He warned me not to tell you.  He threatened me Sum; you’ve got to listen to me for your own safety.”  Ben stood up and reached out towards me.
Although his words did manage to chip at my resolve a little, I refused to give him the satisfaction.  “Fine, I’ve listened to you, now can you please leave.”  I ordered folding my arms across my chest to keep him from touching me.
“Okay I’ll leave, but I’m not gonna stop looking out for you and I won’t give up on us either.”  Ben reluctantly moved towards the door.  He paused when he reached for the handle and turned back around.  “I love you Sum, you are a part of me and I’m a part of you, that’s not going to change . . . however much you fight it.”  His face fell solemn as he left, closing the door quietly behind him.
The final expression on his face dissolved my anger and replaced it with guilt.  It flooded back over me like a tidal wave.  I wished with all my heart I could feel the same way about him that he did me, but once I had met Boden it was impossible.  Ben would reside in the past.
* * * *
That night during a restless sleep, I conjured up a bizarre yet vivid dream about Boden.  Even when I awoke I remembered every detail of it.  I recalled how we both stood inside a store filled with sparkling jewels.  The sun poured in through the windows and bounced off the gems projecting tiny rainbows all around the store.  I stood next to Boden whilst I slipped beautiful diamond rings on my fingers.  We were dressed in clothes from a different time; perhaps Victorian because my dress fell long to the floor with a large bustle at the back and my hands wore crisp white fitted gloves whilst Boden looked as if he were in some sort of morning suit.  The conversation between Boden, the jeweller and me was disguised in a muffled tone but we were all smiling and laughing.  After the jewellery store, Boden and I strolled down the street with linked arms, both smiling with adoration for each other.  For a moment, the extraordinary sense of happiness seemed to escape my dream and fill up inside me.  
However, the dream quickly switched into a dark nightmare when the next moment I found myself scrambling through a dense forest, lost in a frantic search for Boden.  A palpable feeling of panic and fear ensued encouraged by the strange noises impeding rapidly around me.  I thought the nightmare would crush me but before it could, I woke up screaming.  
Both dreams left an unsettled impression.  I reasoned they were the result of the roller coaster of emotions I had experienced the day before and that perhaps they stirred up my subconscious imagination which translated my anxiety into wild dreams.  Unwilling to relive the nightmare a second time, I dragged on my gym kit and went for a run around the sleepy streets to burn off the anxious energy before work.
* * * *
By mid morning at work, thanks to a dip in the summer heat, the shop grew crowded with customers again.  Most were searching for pretty summer dresses in the sale and vintage bags to match.  The Little Fashion Boutique had always been a popular store; located in the cosmopolitan area of town called The Lane, drawing in an interesting mix of clientele.  Although the Little Fashion Boutique occupied a quaint old Tudor building, with uneven floors and walls, the shop maintained a contrasting contemporary style.  We had current designer fashions downstairs, exclusive vintage items on the first floor and a storeroom and office occupying the second floor.
On the rare occasions that Bernice Cale, the mysterious and usually absent owner of the shop appeared she would be dressed in uber cool fashion that draped effortlessly over her statuesque figure and made everyone in close proximity feel inadequate and frumpy.  Bernice possessed an unrivalled eye for fashion and always managed to source beautiful and exclusive pieces, but she kept visits during opening hours to rare occasions and mostly checked in on the store by phone.  Usually she left new stock with notes and instructions in the store room.  Her management style seemed odd at first, but over the years it provided Charlotte, Lauryn and I the opportunity to manage the shop between us, with very little interference.
 Thanks to the queues of customers, lunchtime arrived before I had even noticed the time.  I peered out of the shop window and once again discovered Boden stood across the street leaning against the lamppost, looking every inch the dark angel in the bright August sunlight.  My heart pounded whilst butterflies fluttered in my stomach at the mere sight of him.  
Charlotte noticed him too and ushered me out of the shop promising to stay on a little longer to help Lauryn so that I could spend lunch with him.  I did not need any persuasion and rushed across the road to meet him.  Boden lifted me up for a kiss with as much ease as if I were filled with feathers. 
“Hmmm missed you.” He greeted with a mischievous smile before he lowered me to the ground.
“Me too.”  I gushed.
We strolled down to the café at the bottom of The Lane and sat outside in the sunshine.  Boden sat close to me and rested his arm on the back of my chair.  Ben’s story played in a continuous loop on my mind.  I needed to quash my doubts and confirm that Ben had made up the altercation with Boden.  I could then put Ben’s vexatious interference to rest once and for all.  
I inhaled deeply.  “Boden.”  I began with hesitation, “The other night when we met in the bar and Ben interrupted us and then you left . . . well did you go straight home after?”  I cringed in anticipation of his response.
Boden produced a half smile.  “Yes of course, why do you ask?”
“Oh it’s nothing, silly really.  I just wondered.”  Why did I even consider Ben’s lies?
“Tell me please?  I can see you have something on your mind.”  Boden lifted his sunglasses and rested them on top of his head.  His face seemed relaxed and he held my gaze as if he could stare straight through into my soul.  It diverted my thoughts to his eyes, which deepened into a darker shade of blue than before, yet somehow I’d told him about Ben’s accusations without realising it.  Boden’s jaw tensed and he sat back against his chair and placed his sunglasses back over his eyes as he twisted his coffee cup on the table.
“Hmmm.”  Was his only response.
I felt awkward and wanted to soothe the obvious insult.  “Oh look . . . sorry I shouldn’t have even brought it up.  I told him he was talking rubbish.”  Boden did not deserve to be brought into the games between Ben and me.
Boden shook his head and smiled, breaking the mild tension.  “Don’t apologise for him.  It’s his problem.”  
I returned his smile and nodded in agreement.
After lunch when Boden walked with me back to the shop, I invited him to dinner on Monday evening at the apartment.  I partly wanted to make up for my silly accusation, but also hopeful for some time alone with him.  I had already declined an offer from Charlotte and Lauryn to go to the cinema to watch a new horror movie.  I hated Horrors, they always freaked me out, and so Monday evening seemed like the perfect opportunity to get to know Boden without the risk of any unwanted interruptions.  
“Thank you, I’d love to.  What time do you want me?”  Boden accepted.
“Erm eight should be fine, if that suits you?”
Boden smiled and pressed his tempting lips against mine sending my head spinning and my knees weak.  “See you at eight tomorrow.”  He whispered.
* * * *
Being a poor cook I settled on spaghetti bolognaise; simple enough to make with most of the preparation up front and minimal risk of sending Boden home with food poisoning.  All that remained for me to do when he arrived was to re-heat the Bolognese and boil the pasta which also allowed me enough time to get changed into something a little less comfortable.
Boden arrived promptly at eight.  Only thirty hours had passed since I last saw him yet I missed him too much.  Boden strode through the door, dressed in black trousers, a fitted white shirt with enough buttons undone to be able to see the curve of his chest, and his hair tied back at the nape of his neck.  His beauty astounded me and I couldn’t even remember how to say hello.
“You look exquisite.”  Boden complimented and presented me with a delightful bouquet of white peonies.
“Oh . . . Thank you.  Wow . . . These are my favourites, how did you know?”  I gushed.
Boden grinned.  “Just perceptive I guess.”
Boden followed me into the kitchen whilst I searched for a vase to arrange them in. “Hmmm something smells good.”  He noted.
“Hopefully it will taste as good; unfortunately I’m not great at this.” 
Boden smiled and stirred the Bolognese in the saucepan before he tasted it.  “It does.”  He agreed.
I raised a doubtful eyebrow and rested the flowers in the vase.  “Did you know that peonies represent a happy life, good health, and prosperity but supposedly they grant the recipient the power to keep a secret?  Do you have any secrets to share with me?”  I teased.
“Perhaps.”  Boden replied with an infectious impish grin.
The meal appeared to be a success.  Boden cleared his plate almost as soon as I dished up his serving and even I had to admit it tasted pretty good for once.  
Boden beamed his brilliant smile.  “Thank you Summer, that was delicious.  Now I’d like to talk to you about the weekend.  Do you have any plans?” 
“Erm, no.  Actually I have this weekend off.” 
“Fantastic.  Do you remember I told you that I live out of town; well I’d like to invite you over.  It’s deep in the countryside, and therefore a bit of a trip but if you’d like to stay over for the weekend you’d be more than welcome.”  Boden offered whilst he took hold of my hand and placed it in his, stroking the back with his thumb.
For some unknown reason my nightmare of the dark forest flashed through my mind and I became hesitant.  “In the countryside?  Okay, erm . . . that sounds.  .  erm nice.”  I replied unconvincingly.
“You can say no, I won’t be offended.  You can come over some other time.  I realise it might be too soon, considering it’s only been a few days.”  Boden added, but his smile sagged and disappointment echoed in his tone.  “I just can’t seem to get enough of you.”
“No-I don’t want to-say no I mean.”  I hurried.  “It’s just this silly nightmare I had the other night.  You and me . . . were in it and it’s sort of left me feeling a little spooked.”
I longed to spend every moment possible with him, and the thought of being alone with him for a whole weekend sounded like heaven.  It never even crossed my mind that I couldn’t trust him or that it could be dangerous travelling into the middle of nowhere with a man I hardly knew.  I just ached for him, but the dream had disturbed me.
“Wonderful.  It’s a date then.”  Boden beamed.
After Boden helped clear away the dinner, he asked me to explain the dream I had mentioned earlier.  I cringed.  I wished I had never mentioned it.  How obsessive must it seem that I am having intense dreams about him after one day?  He would probably make a quick exit afterwards, but there was no avoiding his persuasive tone and hypnotic eyes and so with reluctance I retold my nightmare to him.  After I finished Boden maintained his intense gaze for a moment or two in silence.  It seemed somewhat odd, almost as if he was searching through my mind and then his thoughtful expression softened into a warm smile. 
Boden rose to his feet with his hand held out for me to take.  “It’s nice to know I’m on your mind.  I’ll always protect you; you have nothing to be scared of.”
I smiled.  ‘Always’ that did not sound temporary.  That hinted that he might feel the same way as I did.  
Boden led the way into the living room and sat down on the soft cream sofa, stretching out his huge arms along the back.  I sat closely next to him within his outstretched arms.  Boden slid one of his arms down to my waist pulling me in even closer to him.  He then placed his finger under my chin lifting my face towards his and leaned down to kiss me.  I closed my eyes waiting for the feel of his lips against mine.  At first his kiss caressed my mouth, but then grew eager when he wrapped his other arm around me too, cradling my back and pressing me against him.  The warmth of his body sent excited sparks pulsing through my body.  My heart throbbed with such enthusiasm I thought it might break free from my chest.  I willed him not to stop even though the furious kisses and the thrill they provoked gave me a rush of dizziness.  
Without warning Boden pulled away, however this time, before I had a chance to protest, he swept me up into his arms and delivered me to my room in what seemed like one swift motion.  Any thoughts that this was too soon never emerged, it just felt natural and not even an ounce of hesitation flickered within me. When Boden laid me down on the bed, his eyes locked with mine for an intense lingering moment.  My breaths became exaggerated in anticipation and then he sealed his mouth around mine with such fervid passion that I thought I would explode there and then.  He moved from my lips to my neck, tapering his desire to caress me, brushing his lips against my skin with the lightest of touch.  I arched my hips towards him, desperate for a deeper connection while he drifted towards my chest, pulling my dress down my body with him.
I ran my fingers roughly through his hair, freeing it from the band that secured it.  His natural subtle scent intoxicated me almost as much as his tingling touches and those mixed with the feel of his luscious silken skin made him utterly irresistible.  His velvet lips brushed my nipples.  I moaned and frantically attempted to unbutton his shirt to feel his skin against mine, but my hands shook with desire, failing clumsily.  Boden pulled away and ripped off his shirt which allowed me to trail my fingers across his sculpted torso, tracing each curve and dip until he grew too impatient and distracted me with another heated kiss. Beneath my fingers the muscles in his back twitched and tensed with each movement.  He felt so strong, so powerful I was astounded that he was here with me.  His kisses moved south again, and he ripped my panties free before shrugging off his trousers.  
“I want you so much Summer James.  I want to pleasure you for the rest of eternity.”  He muttered in a husky voice that resonated in my core.  
I was on the brink so quickly and when his kiss landed and sucked at me I soared, screaming out his name.  It seemed relentless, as he sucked and tugged making it last forever and when he was done and I thought I could take no more he plunged inside me, filling me up and I wanted it, greedy for it, lost in the gluttony bliss of the way he made my body respond to him.
When dawn approached and my body was so sated it could take no more pleasure, I lay my head against Boden’s warm chest allowing his slow rhythmic heartbeat to lull me into a deep sleep.  Vivid dreams visited me once more, undoubtedly provoked by the depth of passion that excited my senses.
In the dream, I remembered wandering through the same forest as in the previous dream, but this time the surroundings were brighter and almost magical when the sun fired beams of light through the trees like tiny spotlights.  All of a sudden, I noticed a large wolf with an abundance of glistening black fur and bewitching eyes.  The wolf’s stare focused on me, yet any sense of fear escaped me.  Instead, warmth and safety drew me towards it.  The breeze whispered around me and through the trees tops whilst birds sang faintly in the background promoting the tranquillity of the surroundings.  The monstrous wolf edged closer with his tail low to the ground, wagging.  Again, the obvious natural instinct to run didn’t emerge and without any apprehension, I stretched out my hand to stroke its head.  The wolf bowed down lowering itself to the ground and then rolled quietly on to its side.  
A warm hand touched my shoulder bringing me out of my dream.  “Summer, are you okay?”  Boden whispered in a deep and soothing voice.
“Mmmmm,” I replied still not quite awake.  
Boden hugged me and kissed my hair.
“I was having a dream about a wolf.”  I replied sleepily
“I know.”  He sighed.
* * * * 


Chapter 3: Boden’s Place

OVER THE NEXT four days, in between mundane obligations like work, Boden and I attempted to spend every possible spare moment together.  Each day he materialised outside the shop waiting to escort me to lunch.  In the evenings, he arrived at the apartment ready to take me into town for a dinner date and afterwards we browsed local art galleries or visited the theatre and for me the perfect ending to each day included falling asleep, utterly gorged on him and locked in his arms.   
  Each morning when I awoke, Boden’s eyes were usually wide open gazing into mine.  Yet this morning, despite the fact that I awoke earlier thanks to my bursting anticipation about the weekend, I found I was alone because he disappeared to prepare breakfast.  Before I showered, I peaked across into the kitchen and found him chatting to a sleepy Charlotte.  During the short time he spent here, he took time to be charming and attentive towards Charlotte persuading her to feel comfortable and at ease with him in her home.
It never occurred to me that in reality I knew very little about him.  Nor did it occur to me that going miles out into the country alone with him could in fact be dangerous.  Instead, our instantaneous bond and addictive passion blinded my common sense.  
Whilst I packed my bag, the realisation dawned on me that I had already fallen in love with him and that spending even the shortest time away from him made me ache deep inside.  I couldn’t concentrate at work and constantly clock watched, counting down each second until I could be with him again.  I never experienced such powerful feelings for anyone before yet they burned inside me, fluid and infinitely boundless.
After I consumed the delicious feast Boden had made I left him reading the newspaper in the living room and returned to my room to double check I had everything I needed for our weekend.  Charlotte followed me.  
The unusual way she shifted around my room made it obvious she had something on her mind so I waited for her to start the conversation.
“Summer, you’re my friend and I love you, and Boden seems to be a great guy . . . but do you really believe that this is such a good idea.  It’s all been a bit intense don’t you think?  And let’s face it it’s only been a week.  How well do you know him really?”  Charlotte whispered, revealing her concern.
“I thought you two were getting on?”  I huffed in defence.
“We are . . . But . . . that doesn’t mean you or I know him well enough to be going somewhere alone with him.”  Charlotte rubbed my arm and stared at me with pleading eyes.
“I have my phone.  I know it’s been mad, but it is just so right I can’t explain it.  Please don’t worry.  Trust me.  I am so happy.”  I beamed with excitement. 
“But you don’t even know where you’re going; you can’t even leave me an address of where you’ll be staying.  I think you’re being a bit reckless.”  Charlotte snapped, and then paused to compose herself when she realised her tone had been too curt.  “Please wait a couple of weeks until you’ve had a chance to get to know him . . . properly.”
“He’s given you the address.”  I corrected.
“Semper, Lupus Forest?  That doesn’t mean anything.  Have you any idea how large and remote Lupus Forest is?”
“Lots of people live in the remote countryside Charlotte; It doesn’t mean there’s anything sinister about it.  I can’t explain it.  I’ve never felt this safe with anyone before.  Yes, it’s a whirlwind, but I know I can trust him.  I have my phone and I’ll ring you and tell you exactly where I am as soon as I know or you can track me on GPS.”
“I just feel there’s something strange about him, I don’t know what exactly . . . it’s more of a feeling I’ve got.”
“I have a feeling too and I’ve spent more time with him than you.  Please give me some credit and trust me?”
Charlotte sighed and shook her head in defeat.  “Phone me when you get there, and at least once a day so I know you’re alright.  No texts I want to hear your voice.”  She conceded whilst her face twisted with worry and frustration at my refusal to acknowledge the potential danger.
When we were ready to leave I hugged Charlotte goodbye before she reminded me once again of her conditions I’d agreed to.  
“You don’t need to worry; I’ll take good care of her.”  Boden promised flashing his most charming smile at Charlotte.
“Be sure that you do.”  Charlotte replied somehow impervious to his charm.
Boden and I headed down to the car park.  To my surprise, Boden wandered over to a sleek shiny black four wheeled drive with blacked out windows and placed my bag inside the boot.  I silently gasped when I noticed the Porsche badge on the front of the bonnet.  
Despite the amount of time we spent in each other’s company, Boden managed to remain evasive and mysterious about his past.  I wasn’t even sure whether he had a job or what he did for money, yet he had not allowed me to pay for anything all week.  When I tried to probe him, he always managed to distract me until I forgot all about my thoughts and questions.
“Wow, this is um lovely, I didn’t expect to travel in quite such style,” I teased.
He grinned, “Only the best for you,” and then winked at me when he opened my door, and assisted me into the passenger seat. 
Inside I found seats covered in the softest slate leather and a glossy dashboard lit up by tiny green lights.  A fragrance filled the car that I couldn’t quite identify but it smelt delicious.  Just like him.  
We only just got underway when my mobile buzzed in the pocket of my jeans.  I barely even registered the gentle vibration.
“Aren’t you going to answer that?”  Boden asked looking down at my leg.
“Oh, I didn’t notice . . . I must have turned it to silent last night.”  I fumbled to get the phone out of my pocket.  Lauryn’s name flashed on the screen.  “Hi Lauryn, how’s the holiday going?”  I answered.
“Guess.”  She replied with her voice squeaking with joy.
“Err . . .” I struggled to think, distracted by Boden’s presence.  Reality was far away now and I had encased myself in our own private bubble.
“From the tone of your voice I’d say really . . . .”
Lauryn didn’t even let me finish my uninspired guess before she shouted excitedly down the phone.  “I’m engaged!  Gabriel asked me to marry him - on my birthday - isn’t that so romantic and obviously I said yes-yes-yes!”  Her words rolled out at great speed.
“Oh that’s fantastic Lauryn.  I am so pleased for you both, that’s the best news ever.”  I congratulated.
“I know.  I am so happy, Summer.  We’re going to have an engagement party and everything.  You have to help me organise and you have to bring your new man so we can all meet him officially.  Charlotte’s told me how much time you’ve spent together.”  She giggled.
Lauryn’s voice echoed around us thanks to the car’s smooth and silent engine.  I smiled awkwardly and glanced over to Boden.  He returned my smile with a nod.
“Yes of course Lauryn, I’d love to.”  I agreed.
“Brilliant, I’ve got to go, so many people to tell,” she laughed.
Boden let out a quiet chuckle to himself and I pushed the phone back into my pocket whilst Charlotte’s doubts resurfaced in my mind.  Lauryn’s call emphasised how little I knew about Boden outside the two of us.  Most of the time it didn’t bother me; however there was an unshakeable feeling that I had known him forever.  Of course, I couldn’t admit that to him because that sounded obsessive and crazy, especially considering we had only known each other for a week.  
“What about your friends and family, you don’t really talk about anyone else in your life.  When do I get to meet them?”  I quizzed.
He looked at me and smiled a crooked half smile.  “All in good time.”
I surrendered my planned inquisition under the power of his dazzling eyes, and slipped back into our exclusive bubble whilst my reality evaporated around me.
Boden drove at high speed without hesitation encouraging the journey to fly by.  He exuded confidence and despite his record breaking speed, I felt completely safe in his hands.  In no time at all we were out into the countryside watching green field after green field pass us by, occasionally interrupted by a small forest or housing.  
After a hundred miles or so had disappeared behind us, Boden turned off the main road down a narrow lane signposted ‘Private Property’.  We travelled down the lane barely wide enough for one car until we approached an enormous foreboding wrought iron gate that stretched twenty foot high with trees towering either side.  My heart raced with apprehension.  Boden placed his warm hand on my leg and gently squeezed it.  I looked over to him and he smiled to reassure me.  However, the sensation of his touch sent my heart racing for another reason.  He frowned as if he heard it thumping and leant over to plant a sweet, lingering kiss that curiously calmed my heart down to a less life threatening pace.  
When Boden clicked a button on a small black fob the enormous iron gates responded and opened to allow us to pass through and then closed again behind us.  Even though it was a typical summer’s day with little cloud in the bright blue sky, behind the gates a dark and murky atmosphere lingered underneath the towering trees that blocked out any hint of sunshine.  After several miles down the narrow winding lane the road expanded and I noticed, we were fast approaching an eerie gothic mansion, the top of which had disappeared into a cloak of darkness enforced by the trees and seemed disturbingly reminiscent of scary horror movies about vampires and ghouls I watched with reluctance with Ben when we were younger.  
“I-I-is this . . . your home?”  My voice whimpered, failing to disguise my fear.
Boden Laughed.  “I like my privacy, that’s all.”  He reassured.
During the short drive around to the front door, I stared up at the enormity of the sinister house and questioned whether Charlotte’s concerns were well-founded after all.  I subconsciously clutched the phone in my pocket.
“Summer, trust me.”  Boden whispered before he got out of the car.
Within what seemed like a blink, Boden arrived at the passenger side and opened the car door for me.  I slid out with my eyes fixed on the portending house.  Boden laughed under his breath amused by my reaction.  He placed his arm around my shoulder and led me up to the door.  I noticed the word Semper twisted into wrought iron above it.  My instincts urged me to cling to him for protection, even though it was his home conjuring up my anxiety.  
Fortunately, as soon as we entered his house those feelings disappeared.  Boden watched my expression with careful scrutiny.  To my relief the inside of Boden’s house offered the opposite of its cold and uninviting exterior; its warmth blew around us as soon as Boden opened the door and the bright clean decor together with the fragrance of peonies rushed my senses.  Boden’s expression relaxed into a grin once he noticed my tension dissolve and I wandered through into his lavish hallway.  
“Let me show you around.”  Boden suggested clutching my hand and pulling me along on his tour.
The first thing I noted was vases of peonies in every room, a sweet and welcoming touch.  Each room also included sumptuous antique furnishings mixed with modern pieces providing a homely feel.  Countless paintings hung throughout the house from varying periods of history affording a sense of heritage, as if the house had been in his family for generations.
When we reached Boden’s bedroom, he paused outside and struggled to contain his impish smirk.  “I don’t want you to think I was presumptuous, but I . . . er . . . thought you’d like to stay in my room.” 
“You thought right.”  I grinned as he led me into the room. 
Dark wood covered the walls and floor and an enormous wrought iron four-poster bed dressed in crisp white linen dominated one side of the room.  Opposite the bed stood a grand fireplace surrounded by chairs dressed in white fabric with delicate black swirls.  A tall window stretched across the furthest side of the room allowing the sunshine to flood in, transforming the room into a light and airy space.  
Astonished that any light could have broken through the eerie trees outside I walked over to the window to investigate.  When I looked outside, I discovered the room sat much higher than I assumed and the eerie trees were now a sea of vibrant green treetops under the bright blue sky.
“What do you think?”  Boden asked leaning against the side of the bed.
“I’m speechless.”  I replied still gazing out the window.
He moved quickly behind me wrapping his arms around my waist and rested his chin on the top of my head.  
“You must have a lot of secrets to share.”  I joked and bent down to smell the fragrance of the white fluffy peonies.
“Perhaps.”  Boden replied kissing my hair.
“I can’t believe you have all this.  Live like this.  I fooled myself into believing I knew you without knowing the details of your life and that we had a sort of connection, but I have no idea about you at all do I?”  I sighed feeling stupid.  
“Summer there is a strong connection between us, stronger than you realise right now.  I invited you here because I want you to know everything about me and understand how I live.”  Boden promised and lifted my chin with his finger to see into my eyes.  “I’ve never brought anyone here.  This is how much you mean to me and I want you to see it all.”  His eyes sparkled highlighting the depth of meaning in his words and I could not help but smile at him.
Boden leaned his head down closer and pressed his lips against mine.  I tried to encourage him to continue but he insisted on advancing with his tour.
I followed him into the last room at the end of the dark hall.  It contained no furniture, just a lonely cream fur rug in the centre of the dark and claustrophobic room after a small window failed to bring in the intense sunlight like the window in his room had.  I peered around the walls and discovered that paintings covered every inch of space.  The dim light and sheer number of them made it difficult to focus on just one, but eventually my eyes settled on to a portrait of a young girl, subtly highlighted by the smallest beam of daylight sneaking through the tiny window.
“That’s me!”  I gasped in surprise and moved nearer to examine it more closely.
“Yes, do you like it?”  Boden asked in his quiet smooth tone.
“It’s beautiful.  Did you paint this?  When?”  
Boden nodded.  “These are all mine.”  He replied with pride, gesturing with his hand at all the paintings in the small room.
“Oh wow . . . you are so talented.” 
I returned to where he stood and squeezed inside his warm arms.  When my eyes adjusted to the dark, I could identify several pictures of wolves, and portraits of two different but both exceptionally beautiful women.  I started to quiz him, but he ushered me out of the room.
“Questions later.  Come, you must be starving, let’s get you something to eat and then I can show you the grounds.  And don’t forget you need to phone Charlotte and put her mind at rest.”  Boden insisted tugging me back down the hallway.
* * * *
Whilst Boden prepared a light lunch, I rang Charlotte whose evident relief resonated though the phone when she answered.
“So I’m alive and well and so is Boden . . .” I joked.
“Summer, I was worried.  I want you to stay in contact so I know you’re all right.”
“Charlotte, Boden is not a psycho serial killer, he’s my boyfriend.  I am in no danger whatsoever.  He has a lovely home and he is taking good care of me.”  I insisted in a playful tone, amused by her continuing concern.
“Don’t make fun of my concern.”  She pouted, “Call me tomorrow then.  Please?”
“Okay, Okay mum.”  I laughed before saying goodbye.
“She cares about you.  She doesn’t understand what we have.  She will in time.”  Boden noted whilst he served up our lunch on the kitchen table.
“I’m not sure that I do.”  I sighed.
The ultra modern kitchen with its uncluttered and minimalist appearance; dressed in chrome with hints of accent colours in carefully selected locations, contradicted the rest of the house.  It looked underused and I became nervous about making any marks on the shiny surfaces.
“Summer relax will you?  I want you to feel at home here.  Nothing is irreplaceable.  Nothing except you.”  He laughed
After lunch Boden led me outside for a walk through the forest at the back of his home.  I was apprehensive.  My bad dream still lurked in my memory but Boden made me feel safe and I trusted him so I followed him into the woods.  
“So, are you an artist, professionally I mean?”  I called, beginning to trail behind Boden after being unable to keep up with his pace.
Boden paused to allow me to catch up.  “Art is my passion.  It relaxes me.  I’d love to take you to some of my favourite galleries.  One day we could visit the Louvre and the Uffizi Gallery and I could show you some of the pieces I admire the most.”  His passion infused his tone.
I smiled.  “That would be wonderful.”  His engaging enthusiasm and willingness to share something of him made me happy; he seemed a little less mysterious. 
“Boden, the picture of me?  Did you do that from memory?  No, wait hang on.  When did you paint that picture?”  I quizzed further, stumbling over tree roots and small rocks on the forest floor.
“I have a very good memory for detail.”  Boden smirked as if there were a joke I wasn’t in on.  
 “What about the other two women in the paintings?  They were very beautiful.  Are they women you loved too?”  I persevered trying to disguise my irrational jealousy.
“Not in the way you mean.”  He laughed and took hold of my hand.
“Oh right.”  I mumbled, feeling peeved by his response.  
We advanced deeper and deeper into the forest whilst a continuous barrage of obstacles blocked our way and clawed at my bare arms.  The debris littered across the ground seemed to grab at my legs weighing them down and tripping them up.  In contrast, Boden leapt over them with the grace of a ballet dancer and without releasing the tiniest drop of perspiration.  When we reached a fallen tree, I’d had enough and slumped over it.
“Boden, please can we stop for a moment?”  I begged, in-between panting.
I glanced at my watch, almost five o’clock.  We had been traipsing through the forest for nearly three hours.  “How much further are we going?”
Boden turned around and flashed a sympathetic smile.  “Sorry, I wasn’t thinking, I want to show you something very special, I got carried away and forgot you wouldn’t be used to this terrain or distance.” 
“Do you spend a lot of time in here then?”  I asked in a sharp tone a little hurt by his comment.
Boden ignored it and joined me on the tree.  He kissed the scratches on my arms before he answered.  “I enjoy it out here; the fresh air; the parade of sounds throughout the day and night; and of course the inspiring shapes and patterns which metamorphose each time you adjust your gaze. . .  However, I was born to be out here, I should’ve considered that you are more delicate.  We can sit here for a while until you’re ready.”  He soothed.
“What do you mean born to be out here?”
“I spent a lot of time outside as a child, I’m hardened to it.”  Boden smiled.
“Boden who are those women in the paintings?”
“You’re persistent I’ll give you that.”  He chuckled.  “Okay I’ll tell you.  The lady with the long black hair was my mother Marie and the other lady with the long curly auburn hair was who looked after me when my mother died.” 
“Oh I’m sorry.”  I felt awful for pushing him.
“Don’t be, it happened a long time ago.”
We sat in silence for a few minutes listening to the forest chorus.  Together with the slow musical rhythm of his heart pulsing against my ear and his delicate pacifying strokes along my hair I was lulled off to sleep.  
Since meeting Boden, my dreams were intense and vivid and this occasion was no exception.  My imagination drifted into a dream of the two of us on a deserted beach.  We lay on the sand gazing into each other’s eyes whilst the sound of crashing waves blended into the background and I enjoyed the warmth of the sun caressing my bare skin.   
When I awoke, I was swaying.  I opened my eyes to find out why and discovered Boden carrying me in his arms. 
 “Hello sleepy head.” He whispered with a slight smirk. 
“Y-you’re carrying me?”
“You looked too peaceful to disturb.”  Boden smiled.  
“You can put me down now, I can walk.”  I offered feeling embarrassed.
“Nah, you’re fine where you are for the moment.”  He grinned.
I glanced around to see where we were and noticed a parting in the trees up ahead.  I wondered how much further we’d travelled, especially considering Boden had carried me.  When we approached the parting, I discovered the trees guarded a deserted beach, almost identical to the one in my dream.  
Boden lowered me onto the sand.  I rubbed my eyes to make sure I wasn’t still dreaming.  The crashing of waves echoed around us and although the sunshine kept the temperature warm, the breeze blew cooler against my arms.  Excitement burst inside of me.  I kicked off my trainers and socks, rolled up my jeans and ran to paddle in the sea.  I ran into the cold shallow water, acting like a small child on their first outing to the beach; giggling at the sensation of the waves dragging the sand from underneath my feet and unbalancing me.
I glanced over to Boden to find him watching me with a contented smile.  I waved and gestured for him to join me, and playfully kicked the water up to splash him when he approached before I ran off along the beach.  Boden chased after me and managed to splash me from a lot further away than I was capable of, soaking my t-shirt.  He then allowed me a head start to catch up with him so that I could return the fun.  However, before I had the chance Boden twisted around and grabbed me by the waist so that he could throw me over his shoulder and I giggled when he teased at throwing me into the deeper water.
Boden carried me on to the dry sand and laid me down underneath him, securing my hands in his.  He kissed me urgently, pressing his body against mine.  His touch ignited the usual uncontrollable desire inside me.  My craving for him had grown physical and as soon as he touched me, my lustful desire rocketed.  Boden was more than my obsession he had become my addiction.
 When the sun slipped into the sea the cool breeze seemed more apparent, nipping at my naked arms, and I shivered in my damp clothes.
Boden sprung to his feet.  “I’ll get some wood, wait here.” He said and then he disappeared into the forest. 
 I nodded through my shivering and watched the final moments of the sunset melt into the sea.  Boden returned within only a few seconds with arms full of branches.  He lay them down inside a ring of rocks before he removed his t-shirt and passed it to me.
“Take yours off and put this on.”  He directed before returning to the branches to build up a roaring fire.  
I caught his T-shirt and squished it up against my nose.  It smelt deliciously of him.  “Aren’t you cold?”  I asked through chattering teeth,
“No, I’m hot blooded,” he teased “ . . .besides the fire is warming up now.  Put it on.”  
 I stripped off my t-shirt and pulled his on.  The warmth from his body still clung to the material and I tugged at the sleeves to stretch them around my bare arms.
Meanwhile Boden ran down to the sea to wash his hands and I could not quite believe how lucky I was to have found him.  When he returned, he bent down and picked up my damp T-shirt and threw it over a branch of a tree a few feet behind us and then sat down on the sand next to me.  He stretched out his arms and gestured for me to rest against his warm body. 
I snuggled up close and inspected his arms for goose bumps.  There were none to be found which satisfied my concern that he wasn’t just being chivalrous.  Whilst we sat entwined, we watched the colourful sky dim into darkness until bright tiny stars flickered on and twinkled high above us.
“This is just perfect.”  I sighed.  “I wish this moment would never end.”
“You’ve no idea how long I have waited for his.”  Boden muttered under his breath.    
“Have you brought many girlfriends here?”
Boden laughed.  “No Summer, there’s never been anyone serious before you.  You are the one and only girlfriend I’ve ever brought here.”
I turned my head to gaze up at him.  It all seemed too good to be true.  He was too perfect; this place was too perfect I thought.  Boden placed his hand on my cheek and leant down to kiss me.  The electricity flowed through my veins as soon as his mouth met mine and I kissed him back furiously unable to control my wild instincts as I climbed on to his lap and followed him backwards against the sand.  
For a while, we lay down under the stars, gazing into each other’s eyes and listening to the fire crackle and snap.  I had never been as happy as at that moment.
“I am having déjà vu.”  I whispered.
“What do you mean?”
“Earlier, I dreamt of us on a beach just like this one.  We were staring into each other’s eyes, and it was just as peaceful.”  I recalled.
Boden kissed my hair.  “Come-on it’s late, and you’re getting colder.  We’ve not come prepared for a night under the stars.”  He noted, rising to his feet. 
I glanced at my watch it was a little past ten o’clock.  With little enthusiasm, I agreed to end the perfect evening and stood up to brush the sand off my clothes.  Released from the protection of his arms the night air stung.
“I’ll just be a minute; I need to put the fire out.”  Boden told me.
I turned around and glanced over towards the dark forest ready to start the journey back.  When I tried to move an unexpected sense of fear rose within me and paralysed me to where I stood.  My mind drew blank but something deeply intuitive took control of my senses.  I heard Boden approach from behind and couldn’t even twist to face him.
“Summer what’s the matter?”  The concern in his voice was evident.  “You’ve turned pale white.”  He gasped when he examined my frozen stance.  
“I . . . I don’t know.  I can’t move I’m too scared.”  I stuttered equally as concerned by my body’s response.
“Summer, it’s okay.  Come here.” 
Boden reached his arms around me and held me protectively for a moment.  My feet were stubborn.  I gripped him as tight as I could manage to satisfy my need to feel safe. 
“Whoa, it’s okay Summer.  I don’t know what’s spooked you but you have nothing to worry about, nothing can hurt you whilst I’m here.”  He soothed in a velvet soft voice.  
Without warning Boden swept me up into his strong secure arms and carried me towards the forest.  I buried my head against his chest, squeezing my eyes shut to prevent catching even a glimpse of the dark forest and concentrated on the sound of the slow rhythmic beat of his heart to block out the eerie nocturnal chorus.  Fortunately, the gentle motion of his movement soon relaxed me and I began to drift off to sleep again.  
I didn’t stir from my dreamless sleep until Boden lowered me on to his bed.  “How long was I asleep for?”  I asked squinting at the time on my phone.  It looked like eleven o’clock but that would have been impossible.
“Not long.  It’s the sea air.”  He chuckled, lying on the bed next to me.
I turned over and looked for him in the dark.  I could just about trace the outline of his body stretched out on the bed with his arms behind his head.  I shuffled closer to him and began to trail my hands over the outline of his muscles.  He put one hand around my waist to secure me next to him.  Odd thoughts about his apparently exceptional strength crossed my mind and how I would never be able to escape him even if I wanted to, although I could never imagine wanting to.
“Summer, what was it that frightened you when we were at the beach?”  His soft whisper echoed in the darkness.
“I don’t know, I couldn’t picture what it was in my mind, it was more instinctive.”  I yawned surrendering to my heavy eyelids. “But when I’m in your arms I feel safe and relaxed.  No one’s ever made me feel like that before.”  I added upon reflection.
“I’m happy you feel that way.  I will never let anyone or anything hurt you ever again.  You’ll always be safe with me I promise.”  Boden replied with intense gravitas, as if he believed that he would have a need to protect me from something.
I was too sleepy to question it so instead I kissed his chest.  Boden shifted his body and leant over me, placing sensual kisses along my neck moving towards my shoulder.  His hand caressed the inside of my thigh and awoke me from my sleepiness with urgent desire.
 The following morning I woke up early.  The sun had only just begun to rise.  I turned over to snuggle up to Boden, but he had already left the room.  I slipped his T-shirt on that I’d worn last night at the beach and slid out of bed, stiffly stumbling over towards the window hoping to absorb the last moments of the sunrise. 
 After a few minutes, I leaned out of the open window to inhale the fresh morning air.  When I glanced down to the ground below, I witnessed a wolf wander out of the forest and head into the house grounds.  It was exceptionally larger than I considered a wolf to be especially taking into account my bird’s eye view from the window.  I panicked and screamed for Boden.  Within a few short moments he arrived at the bedroom door.  
“What, what’s the matter?”  He called.
“There’s a-a-Wolf, but it’s huge, like a monster.”  I’d become hysterical.
“Where?”  Boden strolled over and peered out the window to the ground below.
I watched his face, too afraid to peer out the window again, but caught a suppressed smirk emerge at the corner of his mouth.
“It went down the side of the house, what if it gets in?”  I pressed agitated by his expression.
“Summer, are you sure you weren’t dreaming?  You’ve been very sleepy over the last twenty four hours.”  He teased.
“I know what I saw.”  I crossed my arms in a huff.  “Besides you’re the reason I’ve not had much sleep all week.”
Boden laughed.  “Summer, it can’t get in and I’m sure it’s wandered off now.  Wolves mean you no harm.  I’ve told you I’m here to look after you.  Why don’t I run you a nice warm bath?”  He offered in a more soothing and distracting tone.   
I nodded and he disappeared into the bathroom.  Hesitantly I peeked out of the window again to prove I wasn’t entirely insane, but the wolf had gone.  I sighed with frustration and followed Boden into the bathroom.
Boden’s large and sparse bathroom had black glossy tiles covering the floor and walls, which reflected the light from the spotlights creating a relaxing glow in the room.  A white antique chaise longue occupied one side of the bathroom beneath a sumptuous ornate mirror that stood opposite the large white Victorian bath dominating the centre of the room.  As I walked through the fragrance of Jasmine and ylang ylang infused bubbles rushed my senses.
“This will relax you; I can’t take you home in this state.  Your friends will never allow me to bring you here again.”  Boden quipped in amusement.
“Don’t tease me.  I am relaxed when I’m with you.  In fact, I don’t think I do want to go home.  I wish I could stay here and never be without you for a single second.”  I protested pretending to pout.
“Well if that’s what you want I promise to never leave you alone again.”  Boden smiled and removed his jeans.  “But you’ve got to go home, you have your job and your friends and you promised Lauryn to help her with the engagement party, and besides all that, I am looking forward to meeting all the people in your life.”  He added as he lowered himself into the bath.
I rolled my eyes at him and lifted his t-shirt off before I slipped into the Victorian bath between his legs.  The copious bubbles enveloped us as I lay back onto him in the warm relaxing water.
“Hah.  I could get used to this treatment.”  I noted in happiness whilst Boden smoothed the bubbles against my skin moving south from my stomach.
“When the time is right, I promise this will be your home too.” He reassured, slipping his fingers inside me.  “I don’t want you to rush into leaving your whole life behind.” 
As I lay back and enjoyed the sensation of his touch, quietly moaning in pleasure whilst his fingers moved skilfully inside me, thoughts wandered to how profoundly in love with him I had fallen and so quickly too.  His fingers glided up my thigh, across my stomach and over my breasts brushing against my nipple and rising up my neck until they tilted my head and his lips found my mouth.  
As we kissed, I began to worry about how much it would hurt to be separated from him once I returned home to my reality.  The idea of participating in mundane tasks such as work, that sought to keep us apart, now seemed completely extraneous.  Yet it had only been a week, and these intense feelings were unnerving at times.  I wondered whether his feelings for me were anywhere near the strength of mine for him.
“They’re stronger.  Everything else pales into insignificance without you.  I can’t bear the thought of being separated from you for even the shortest amount of time.  Unfortunately, I have to return you to your friends.  We have to do this right.  But that doesn’t mean I can’t stay with you for as long as you want me.”  Boden purred against my ear.
I froze for a moment and then jolted upright in delayed shock, spilling water on to the glossy tiles.  Had he just said what I thought he had?  Could Boden have actually answered my thoughts?  No that would be ridiculous. I really am going mad.
I scurried up the side of the bath, perching on the edge staring at him in horror.  “What did you just say?”  My stomach churned into tight little knots.
Boden leaned forward, and pulled me back into the bubbly water enveloping me with his arms.  In a soft whisper he repeated his words.  
“My feelings . . . for you . . . are . . . stronger.”
“W...w...what do you mean.  Stronger?  I didn’t say anything.”  I stuttered.
Boden dropped his head for a moment and shook it.  “Oh Summer,” He sighed.  “I didn’t want to let it slip out, not yet.”
“What do you mean?  What’s going on?  You’re scaring me.  Boden?”  I pressed attempting to struggle free from his arms, but he refused to release me.
“Summer I’m sorry to do this to you in this way . . . Us here together.  I let down my guard too soon, and I became distracted by you; too relaxed; too happy.  But I guess it’s done now.  Therefore . . . There are things about me you need to know if we are going to be together.  I must warn you however, that what I need to tell you is not going to be easy to believe and it could be difficult for you to fathom.  I don’t want there to be any secrets between us.”  Boden paused and I gulped frantically trying to swallow the tears that were threatening to spill out.  “Firstly, I must impress on you how inescapably and unconditionally in love with you I am and our bond is more powerful now than it has ever been in spite of the time we’ve been apart.  That’s why I have no choice but to be wholly honest with you so that we can begin our lives together properly knowing the whole truth about one another.”
My head spun into frenzy as the thoughts rushed through my head.  I experienced an overwhelming surge of vulnerability.  Boden seemed to sense it and stood up to reach for a large white fluffy towel.  I stood up slowly and let him wrap the towel around me and assist me out of the bath.  The chill from the tiles on my bare feet brought my mind back into the room.
Boden kissed my forehead.  “Please don’t be frightened.  Remember that I love you.  C’mon let’s get dressed and then we can talk.  I will explain everything to you, all I ask is that you hear me out and then if you want to go home I will take you straight back.”
It came as no surprise to me that Boden showed no concern for my reaction and maintained his serene composure.  He always seemed to hold on to an element of control no matter what the situation.  What was I thinking?  I had known the man for a week and now I was panicking and fretting over what me might tell me.  Whilst we dressed in a deafening silence, the memory of our first evening together at my flat floated to the top of my pile of thoughts.  I remembered how his intense gaze felt like he was reading my mind.  Maybe he was, maybe he could read minds.  Maybe that was his secret, as amazing as that would be, I could handle that. My shock slowly began to dissipate.  That truth wouldn’t be too difficult to understand.  Yet, his other words loomed in the back of my mind too and they began to disturb me more ‘time we’d been apart’.  What on earth could he mean by that?
* * * *
Once we were both dressed, Boden held out his hand to me.  Deep inside I knew I didn’t need to be scared of him.  I trusted him.  I placed my hand in his.  He led me down the stairs and into the sitting room.  He gestured for me to sit down on the plush vibrant red sofa.  I sat down in the corner.  Boden sat on the small oak coffee table in front of me and leant forward holding my hands.
“Summer, I’m not sure where I should start exactly.” He sighed, watching his hand stroke mine.
“You can read minds can’t you?”  I guessed in a hurry hoping that was the most shocking thing he was going to tell me.
He looked up to me with searching eyes. “Summer yes, that might sound bizzare, fantastical even but yes I can read minds.”  He admitted, pausing to assess my reaction.  
I made a concerted effort to remain calm to encourage him to continue so I could decipher if he was of sound mind or not.  Trust my luck that the first man I fall for since Ben is a looney tune.  But he did answer my thoughts.  There was no escaping that.
“I can read anyone’s mind if they are within perhaps a shouting distance.  I hear their thoughts and I see the pictures in their minds.”  He confessed
“Wow.  That must be interesting?”  I started to feel nervous and fidgeted.
“Sometimes.”  Boden smiled.  “However, when it comes to you I can hear and see your thoughts no matter what the distance between us, even across the other side of the world for example.  Your thoughts are a constant presence in my mind.”  Boden clarified.  
His clarification confused me.  Why would I be different from everyone else? 
“But why are you different?”  He relayed, showing off his ability, his perceptiveness.
I nodded in astonishment with my eyes locked onto his.  
“Well this is where it begins to get complicated.”  He warned.
“Wait, for my own sanity I need you to prove this to me.  What am I thinking of?”  I said, thinking of my parents and I on a picnic in the park when I was seven.
“You are thinking a sitting in a park on a green tartan blanket with ham sandwiches, cupcakes and strawberries laid out next to you.  Your father has his arms around your mother as you lick the icing off the top of a cupcake.”
“I guess that’s a bit more specific than a parlour trick.” I muttered in astonishment.
“Yes.  You have a good memory.  They are always very clear.  You were wearing a yellow T-shirt and dark green shorts.”  He added to prove his point.
My anxiety flared with the realisation that there was far more to discover about Boden than I had ever have imagined.  An awareness that he may have heard every thought I had since we met also quickly materialised.  
“Boden, exactly how long have you been able to hear my thoughts?”  I wasn’t going to like the answer.
“Always.”
“Always since we met?”  I clarified apprehensively.
“No always, always.”  Boden emphasised.
“B...  B . . . but how did you know?  Are you saying you’ve heard every thought I’ve ever had, even when we were both children?”  Pictures of my life flashed through my mind when I asked.
“Summer, this is going to sound, well . . . unbelievable to you.  You see I’ve not been a child for . . . for over three hundred and seventy years,” he explained measuring my reaction against his words.
 “What?  . . .  That’s ridiculous . . . Is this a joke?  It has to be a joke.  You are joking?”  I struggled to believe his words it sounded so far outside of my comprehension it was ludicrous.  If it hadn’t been for the fact he had just proved the mind reading thing I might have assumed he had escaped from the local asylum.
 “No.  I am being honest with you.  I am three hundred and seventy six years old.  I was born in sixteen thirty four.”  He sighed.  I stared at him with confusion and disbelief whilst my stomach thought it had climbed onboard a roller coaster ride. “Please listen carefully.  I warned you this would be difficult for you to fathom.  I want to be open with you, but the truth is not easy; its foundations lie within terrifying legends.”  He added with solemn decorum.  This was definitely not a joke to him.
“Boden, please?  This is crazy!  You are crazy?”  I didn’t want to hear any more in fear of what else he might reveal.
“Summer, you know the truth deep inside.  You’ve been dreaming of your memories these past few nights.”  Boden provoked.
I frowned trying to remember my various vivid dreams, but they weren’t memories, they were dreams.  “What memories?”
“Memories of your previous life, when we were first together.”
“What?”  I shouted.
“Listen, This morning, before we bathed you saw me out the window.”  He prompted holding both my arms and drawing me in closer to him.
“W-w-wolf?”  I remembered perturbed by his hints.  “I saw a wolf.”
I attempted to escape from his hold and the insanity of this conversation but it proved pointless, Boden was too strong. 
“You’re now telling me you’re a-a-a werewolf?”  I blurted out.  
The words sounded nonsensical when they came out of my mouth.  The urge to laugh overwhelmed me and projected outside of my control.  I laughed hysterically, and tears flowed down my cheeks.  My fairytale shattered around me.
Boden waited patiently for it to pass, refusing to release my arms.  After a couple of minutes the hysteria faded away and Boden responded to my bewilderment in a smooth but darkly serious tone. 
“Not quite.  I am what you might call a cross breed?  Both Werewolf and  . . .  Vampire.  An immortal.” 
That was one chimerical revelation too far.  His revelations bombarded me and it was all too much for my mind to absorb.  The room fell abruptly dark.
* * * *
When I awoke, Boden was cradling me on the sofa.  The worry burned in his eyes and creased his face.  Nothing ached, so Boden must have caught me before I hit anything.
“I’m sorry.”  He muttered soberly.
“It’s just so . . . unbelievable. The stuff of horror films and teen fiction.”  I whispered and shook my head in disbelief.  “You’ve basically told me that I’m hopelessly and desperately in love with a werewolf-vampire - for the second time, and who has known every thought I’ve ever had.  Am I dreaming Boden, or just ridiculously insane?”  I tried to make light of it to hide my fear.  “I should run away.  Fast.  Now.  Shouldn’t I?”
“You could, but we’re destined to be together.  Why else would I find you so close to where we should have spent our lives together?  We are drawn to each other.  You couldn’t be happy with anyone else.  Your marriage to Ben failed because you didn’t love him, because your heart always belonged to me.  You were waiting for me to find you, you just weren’t conscious of it.”
I smiled in surrender.  “Oh Boden.  What am I going to do?  I can’t think about anything but you.  No matter who or what you are I’m held captive by you whether I like it or not.  Even if I decided to leave right now I think I would be pining for you before I even reached home.” I groaned.
Boden grinned.  “You would.” 
“It’s just so much to take in, so outside my realm of reality.”  
My rapid heartbeat slowed a little and the nausea created from my mind spinning like a merry-go-round with endless questions calmed too, allowing me to think more clearly.  Right from the start there were certain things about Boden that were exceptional and I didn’t want to question them before, but now those niggles seemed obvious; his intimidating beauty; my overpowering craving to be close to him; his incredible strength and his constant warmth and the way he managed to appear in a blink.  Perhaps his supernatural revelations did make sense of those.  However, if he really were half vampire then he’d be craving blood and if he really were half vampire that would mean vampires exist, which meant horror stories were probably true.  That terrified me.  
Conversely, the half of him that was werewolf didn’t seem to scare me as much as the vampire half.  I didn’t know much about the legends other than the obvious, I thought of them as tortured cursed creatures destined to be alone.  Yet Boden didn’t fit that image exactly either.
As I started to process what he had told me so far, my mind accelerated again with more and more questions wrestling with how Boden could be what he said he was and how could I be the same person in a former life.  However despite his bizarre and fantastical revelations, one thing remained both constant and inescapable, my love for him was absolute.  

* * * * 

Chapter 4: Revelations
BODEN PHELAN:

EVERYTHING ABOUT SUMMER screamed happiness.  It oozed out from every pore and every thought.  For the first time in over one hundred and twenty one years, I relaxed and allowed her presence to intoxicate me.  I listened to her thoughts and answered them, forgetting myself.
I hoped the trip to our home would stir up conscious memories of our life together, but those only came whilst she slept and to her they were still just dreams.  The fear on her face indicated a retraction of what I said would not be plausible.  I considered hypnotising her, but that would mean more lies and the whole purpose for Summer being here, with me, was to give the truth the opportunity to emerge.  I had no choice but to tell her everything, keep her calm and pray that she didn’t run away in terror from the truth of what I am.  
Although thoughts and questions flashed through her mind at an alarming pace, Summer remained silent whilst she dressed.  When we moved into the sitting room, she attempted to appear un-phased when she guessed with unsurprising accuracy that I possessed the ability to read minds.  Subconsciously, Summer apperceived that secret within only a couple of days of meeting, however, when I explained her mind was the exception, her heart accelerated and panic raged inside her.  I tried to calm her with my soothing voice.  
 “W-w-wolf?”  Summer whispered in disbelief whilst she attempted to wriggle free.  “You’re now telling me you’re a-a-a werewolf??”  Her voice grew louder at the absurdity.
To Summer the notion that I was a werewolf sounded ridiculous.  She laughed hysterically, with tears soaking her porcelain cheeks.  I waited for her to calm down.  Her thoughts urged her to run away, but I refused to release her.  The truth seemed intractable for Summer.  She was only human after all and conditioned to believe creatures like me only exist in dark fairy tales or horror stories.  However, after a short while, the hysteria did pass and I was able to clarify the truth, but that became one revelation too far and Summer fainted in shock, falling limp in my arms.
Cradling her, I stroked her angelic face waiting for her to regain consciousness.  It seemed eerily reminiscent of when I found her in the forest, lifeless and silent all those years ago.  That memory tore at my heart.  This time I could take comfort that this was only a temporary state.  This time she would wake up in my arms.  
“I am so sorry.”  I whispered in her ear, waiting for her to awaken. 
Her eyelids fluttered and Summer returned to consciousness wearing a fierce and bewildered expression.  Thankfully, her face relaxed within a few seconds after she eased herself up.  
“It’s just so . . .  unbelievable.”  Summer whispered with a gentle shake of her head.  “You’ve told me that I’m hopelessly and desperately in love with a werewolf-vampire, for the second time, who has known every thought I’ve ever had.  Am I dreaming Boden, or just ridiculously insane?”  Her jovial quip failed to mask the fear cracking in her voice.  “I should run away fast.  Now.  Shouldn’t I?”
“You could, but we are destined to be together.  Why else would I find you so close to where we should have spent our lives together?  We are drawn to each other.  You couldn’t be happy with anyone else.  Your marriage to Ben failed because you didn’t love him, because your heart always belonged to me.  You were waiting for me to find you, you just weren’t conscious of it.”
Summer smiled, but shook her head in disbelief.  “Oh Boden.  What am I going to do?  I can’t think about anything but you.  No matter who or what you are you hold me captive whether I like it or not.  Even if I decided to leave right now, I think I would be pining for you before I even reached home.”
“You would.”
“It’s just so much to take in . . . so outside my realm of reality.”  Summer noted whilst her thoughts shuffled the questions she needed to ask.  “I don’t understand how you could be half vampire and half werewolf?  Oh god it just sounds so ridiculous.” 
 “I know.  I understand how difficult this is going to be for you.  I will try to answer your questions, but I am what I am by birth.  My mother Marie was a werewolf and my father was a vampire.  Werewolves, unlike vampires, are not created they are born as one.”  
Summer’s confusion only increased with each word I spoke, but I could not stop now.
 “So the truth is that my mother, Marie, was born into one of the oldest packs of werewolves in existence.  Her pack shares a special gift that allows them to hear each other’s thoughts when they are in wolf form.  It aids the pack when hunting or in battle which helps to protect and bond them as a unit.  When they are in human form their thoughts are their own.  However it is very difficult to control those same thoughts when in wolf form, so privacy is pretty much unattainable for them.” 
“I know how they feel.”  Summer muttered under her breath.  She hugged her knees tightly in defence.  Her trust in me had wilted and yet a part of me found her snipe amusing, underneath, it showed promise.  After all, she was listening to me and not trying to escape.  That had to stand for something.
“My mother Marie fell madly in love with a vampire; Louis de Blanvel.  Louis was different from other vampires because despite his age, he managed to retain his human compassion.  He rarely drank the blood of humans and fed mainly off large animals.  My mother saw the beauty within him and the way he fought against fulfilling the prophecies of the vampire curse.
“Unfortunately for my mother and Louis, history and legends dictated that werewolves and vampires were forbidden to mix because they were opposite sides of a coin; good versus evil; protectors against predators; immortal enemies.  For their own safety, Marie and Louis fought to keep their love hidden from everyone around them, which was especially difficult for my mother for obvious reasons.  However to protect Louis she managed to find subtle ways to control her thoughts.
“Then one fateful night my mother snuck away from the pack to meet her beloved vampire so they could finalise their plans to elope.  Meanwhile the Chief’s son, Mihai, had grown suspicious of Marie’s controlled thoughts and followed her that night to investigate further.  When he discovered my mother and Louis in the midst of a passionate embrace, he erupted with furious jealousy.  He returned to camp and gathered the pack to use them to destroy Louis before my mother could leave.   
“My father urged my mother to leave with him that night, instead of waiting because he feared his companion had found out about them.  My mother agreed and left Louis to gather her things.  By the time she returned to camp, the other wolves had left.  This aroused her suspicions.  She transformed into a wolf to observe where the pack had disappeared to, but it was too late.  Pictures began developing in her mind of the wolves attacking Louis.  There was nothing she could do but watch the images of the pack, biting and ripping Louis apart refusing to stop until his limbs were free from his torso and burning in a raging fire. . .”  I paused for a moment when I noticed tears fill Summer’s eyes.
“That’s horrific, poor Marie.”  Summer sniffed.  “What did she do?”  
Summer’s response touched me, especially considering that my remarkable reality frightened her.  I leaned forward and kissed her moist cheek, inhaling the subtle scent of her skin.  I could not lose her now. 
“After that, the devastating reality that my mother could do nothing to save Louis tore at her, but she also feared of what the pack might do to her when they returned, especially if they found out she was carrying Louis’ child—”
“—She was pregnant too?”  Summer gasped.
“Er , yes, with me.”  I grinned.  
Summer blushed. “Oh . . .So you really are this vampire-werewolf by birth?”  
I nodded.  “Yes Summer, but you have nothing to fear.  So, that night in order to protect the both of us, my mother ran for thousands of miles across Europe until her connection with the pack dissolved and she could no longer see or hear their thoughts.  After days of running, she finally stopped to rest in a secluded spot within a dense forest miles away from humans or other preternatural creatures and built a shelter.  Finally, she allowed herself to surrender to her grief in peace.  Shortly after she settled in her hiding place, she gave birth to me.
“I grew at a rapid rate and within only a few months I’d grown to the size of a four or five year old human child, only with more advanced skill and capability.  However, it quickly became apparent to me that I was not enough to soothe her broken heart.  I reminded her too much of Louis and his absence twisted inside her until it became too painful for her to cope with.  She retreated from life and prayed for death.  Her once strong heart grew more and more fragile and then one day her dark wish was granted.  I found her at peace after returning from hunting.  She died of a lonely broken heart.”  
I paused to compose myself.  I had not spoken about my mother’s death for centuries and even now the memories and feelings of helplessness seared.  Summer moved closer to me, wrapping her arms around me tightly.  She could empathise with my loss.  She too had felt a similar loneliness and melancholy after the tragic death of her parents.
“Boden . . . how can you know all this; know what happened before you were born?”  She questioned gently.
“I’ve always been able to read thoughts and see memories.  My mother was no exception.  Louis was all she thought about, like playing a sad movie over and over.  Wishing she had been more careful, wishing she hadn’t left him that night to return to the camp.” 
“So . . . how did you look after yourself?”  Summer’s concern conjured up images in her mind of a small vulnerable child left alone in a dark forest.
“It wasn’t easy; I shouldered an enormous amount of guilt because I wasn’t enough for her.  I missed her.  She was my mother after all and the one being on this earth I could trust yet she gave up on life and left me alone in a world I did not understand.  I could not shift into wolf form then, I was vampire or rather human in appearance.  I had no alternative but to fight to stay alive.  Those were my innate instincts.  Even then I was a master at hunting and snared animals to satisfy my craving for blood and meat.  That was natural to me.  You see my darling,  you need to understand that it wasn’t as if I was a vulnerable human child.  I am an immortal.  Hunting is more innate to me than breathing.  Warmth wasn’t a concern and illness would never be an issue.  Just ... just the loneliness of having no one who understood me and what I was.”
“But you must’ve come across other people like you, or humans at least?  Didn’t you find anyone who could take care of you?” 
“No, I lived too deep in the heart of the forest, the odd hunter passed by, but I would never have approached them.  I knew they were human and they were different to me.  My instincts told me not to trust them.  I did come across a vampire though.  She approached me.  She wasn’t hunting me; she wanted to take care of me.  I read her mind and her thoughts were kind.  She offered to take care of me, and I agreed.  I craved the companionship of another soul.  
“Do you remember the painting of the woman with the auburn hair who I explained took care of me after my mother died, well that was her; Bee.” 
“You lived with a vampire?”  Summer replied breathlessly.
“Yes, but I am a vampire as much as a werewolf.  I wasn’t her prey, I was the child she’d yearned for but had no hope of ever having.  For the last four hundred years or so for vampires have been forbidden from turning human children into vampires because they become trapped at that age, frozen forever as a child.  Eventually frustration and an unparalleled fury erupts and literally all hell breaks loose.  Vampires rely on humans’ mistaken beliefs that they are just figures of folklore and books.  They will kill anyone who becomes enlightened to the truth, and having uncontrollable child vampires publicly proving otherwise is extremely dangerous for them.”
“This is so confusing.  None of this makes any real sense to me.  If what you are telling me is true, I don’t understand how Louis could be your father.  And you . . . you were a child vampire but grew?”  Summer’s mind tangled with confusion.
“Don’t apologise, it’s a lot to take in.  I realise that.  I’ll try to explain it as best as I can.  You see female vampires cannot have children because their bodies cannot change to adapt to a growing foetus.  On the other hand, male vampires retain their ability to father children, although as far as I am aware it is incredibly rare for that to occur because a human female would be unlikely to survive the pregnancy in the event that the vampire cared enough about them to allow them to live.  My mother, Marie, was an exception.  She could survive because she was a werewolf, an immortal herself.”  I clarified.
“But who could forbid vampires to do anything?  The werewolves?”  Summer pressed whilst the questions flew around inside her head.
“No.  The first vampires of Lilith, the elders and originators of the Vampire race.  They ensure the survival of the race.  Disobey them and they will destroy you before you’re even aware they’re coming for you.  I’ll tell you about them one day, but not now, they are not important now.”  I was unwilling to frighten or complicate the story further at this point. “At first Bee believed I had been turned.  Her maternal need overpowered her reasoning and she hid me away at her home, hoping she could control me.  She also foolishly deluded herself that she could destroy me if I got out of hand.  But Bee took good care of me.  When she first brought me home I was almost mute having only ever communicated using thoughts with my mother.  I was also feral in nature, having lived an animalistic lifestyle up until that point.  Bee taught me to speak, schooled me and showed me how to behave like a human and how to blend in when we needed to.
“During our early days together Bee enjoyed the civility and normality of a human lifestyle.  She also suffered loneliness for a long time and craved the company of others.  Unfortunately, she had little self-control over her thirst for human blood and being around humans too often proved dangerous for her.  I, on the other hand was repulsed by human blood which Bee found difficult to fathom.”
“B-but you do need to drink blood?”  Summer gulped.  The thought terrified her.
“Yes for sustenance, but I only drink from wild animals.  I promise you I do not drink human blood.”  I defended.
“B-B-But you’ve eaten normal food and drank juice and alcohol-I’ve seen you?”  Summer stuttered.
“I have to appear Human.  When I’m away from them I only need blood and occasionally raw meat when I’m in wolf form.”  I explained.
“Do you crave human blood?”  Summer questioned with her heart pounding.
“Not human.  Nevertheless, I do crave blood because it is what my body needs.  I do not drink human blood.  I have never drank human blood.  When I kiss your neck I’m not thinking about biting it and sucking on you like a leech.”  I chuckled, struggling to contain my laughter at the thought of it, but Summer wasn’t ready to see the funny side.
“What if I cut myself, and blood came out-what would you do?”
“I’d kiss it better and find you a plaster.”  I grinned. 
“Is that because you’re a werewolf too?”
“I’ve not encountered another of my kind so I can’t say whether it is because I am part werewolf but it is who I am and I carefully manage and control my thirst by hunting and feeding regularly.  I’ve been doing this for over three hundred and seventy years.  You have absolutely nothing to fear.”
“So did Bee become a vampire by being bitten like in films?”  Summer asked.
“Yes pretty much.  At the time Bee lived in Ireland on a farm.  Her husband died in the Nine Years war leaving her alone to run the farm and bring up their young son.  A traveller came to the farm and offered to work the farm for lodgings.  She needed the help so she agreed.  Bee and the traveller grew close.  Speculation about their relationship became the gossip of the village.  Bee found the shame too much to bear and asked the traveller to leave.  He left, but returned to the farm.  Apparently he loved her and wanted her to be his forever.  The traveller was a vampire.  He crept into her room and sunk his venom into her.  Whilst she transformed into a vampire, he fed on her son until he had drained every last drop.   The poor child died before Bee had awoken.  When she did, the crucifying discovery broke her heart.  Bee fled in terror.  She left Ireland and put as many miles between her and the traveller as she could.  Fifty or so years later she found me.”  I explained.
“You were her son’s replacement?”  Summer clarified, expressing her horror through her eyes.
“Perhaps that was the intention, but in the end I think she longed for the bond of companionship more than anything, as did I.  As a child, I was no threat to her. Yet over time relations between us rapidly deteriorated.  My supernatural growth rate meant that within five human years I had grown into what you see before you now.  It forced us to move frequently during those early years and Bee hated it—”  
“—So did Bee know you were half werewolf?”  Summer probed further.  Her thoughts were urgently trying to tie it altogether to understand what it all meant.
“Initially no, although eventually she discovered the truth.  You see, being well aware my mother was a werewolf, and that my father was a vampire and observing through my mother’s eyes what that union cost, I chose to keep it from Bee as long as I could to ensure my survival.  Being only a child when Bee first found me, I needed her.  As time went by and our bond grew I feared that she would attack me or worse desert me if she found out the truth.   Besides it wasn’t until my fourth human year of life that I experienced my ability to transform into a wolf.  Up until then I thought I hadn’t inherited that particular ability from my mother so there didn’t appear to be any need to enlighten Bee about my wolf heritage.
“Then one day when I was hunting alone, I leapt to capture my prey and spontaneously transformed into a wolf in midair.  Over the next few days it happened to me again and again.  At first, I had no control over it.  It would just happen in a blink of an eye,  but quickly I learned to control the transformation and embrace it.  It is like nothing that I can explain in words . . . untamed and exhilarating.  Extremely addictive.  The transformation also revealed additional side effects.  My physical strength increased tenfold and my body changed too.  Before I had been tall and lean, like my father, but after the transformation, my muscle mass swelled and well, I looked like this.
“Bee didn’t like to move about too frequently, yet she was unable to suppress her insatiable thirst for human blood either.  When the thirst became unbearable she left our home for a week or so to quench her thirst.  Those trips provided her two, or three weeks at home with me before the thirst seized her again.  What she got up to when she was away was a forbidden topic.  To this day, I have no idea where she went or how she picked her prey and nor do I want to know.  We never discussed it.
“Bee put the changes in my appearance down to a growth spurt, but my physical transformation stirred up, shall we say non-maternal feelings towards me.”  I paused and studied Summer checking her reaction to each piece of information I fed her, watching for any signs of flight. She raised her eyebrow, and grimaced.  She found it immoral, that Bee could switch from mother to hopeful lover so easily.
“My scent also changed to the point where I smelled more like a wolf than a vampire which was impossible to cover up.  When I was finally forced to confess the truth, Bee blew up into a furious rant.  She had such a temper on her. She forebode me to transform again and demanded that I fed on human blood to suppress the wolf in me.  Of course I refused.  I could no more abide by her demands than she could if I insisted she fed on animal blood alone.
“I reacted with stubbornness and anger, refusing to surrender to her rules.  If she couldn’t accept me for the true me, then I didn’t want to spend another moment in her presence.  Like a petulant teenager, I stormed out of our home and disappeared into the world determined to discover other creatures like me.  I was desperate to find something that made sense of me.  Fifty years flew by with little insight.  I travelled the world several times, met various vampires and a few lone wolves but none like me.  Yet my time apart from Bee had given me space to mature, become more worldly and accept who I believed I was, even if I was the only one of my kind.  As the years passed loneliness set in, one place merged into another and all my thoughts returned to the home I shared with Bee.
“Despite her hatred of the wolf part of me I missed Bee.  She was the closest thing I had to a mother or family or even a friend.  I found myself travelling to the places that held fond memories of her. By pure coincidence I reunited with her at one of our old residences.  It appeared she too had been thinking of me and the time we shared.  When I arrived, she welcomed me back with open arms.
“You see from quite early on in our relationship Bee had learned to hide her thoughts from me.  I think she enjoyed the power to tease and frustrate me with her trick, but the day I walked back into her life was a surprise and her thoughts were left unguarded.  I saw the depth of love she had for me and that our separation had cut her deeply, yet my absence had made her feelings swell.  We talked for several hours about how we could make living together again work for both of us and reached a compromise.  Bee accepted that I would not drink human blood and that part of me was wolf no matter how much she hated it and in return I promised only to transform discreetly when she went away hunting and never to reveal the truth to anyone.  For two hundred years we lived like that, neither of us entirely happy with the others true identity.”  I shook my head.  In some ways it was such a waste of both our lives to spend two centuries unfulfilled, but perhaps it was fate leading me on a path to Summer.
“Were . . . were you deeply in love with her too?  . . .  Is that why you had to go back?”  Summer tensed.  Jealousy seeped into her thoughts, which amused me.
“No.  Whatever Bee may have felt towards me, she remained a maternal figure to me.  We were never lovers, not once.  But the deeper she fell in love with me the more difficult our relationship became.  It created a cavernous rift between us that inched us apart building up a sea of resentment.  For the last few years we were both incredibly unhappy and yet the alternative of being alone seemed a much harsher sentence.”  I explained.
“That’s awful, so sad and so . . . lonely?”  Summer whispered.  I watched the thoughts in her head compare the situation to that of her and Ben’s relationship.  She had felt the same for a while.
“Perhaps, but once I found you, my world uncovered its light and purpose.  Which brings me on to how we could be together then and now.”  I smiled, trying to lighten the mood a little.  Summer returned my smile and seemed to relax a little.  “Can I fetch you a drink?”
“Just a glass of water would be fine, thank you.”
“I could offer you something stronger if you would prefer.”
“I think I need a clear head for this conversation.” 
I handed Summer a glass of water, and sat back down in front of her.  “Right, so when I met you for the first time it was in the autumn of the year eighteen eighty eight Bee and I had moved into a new village.  Although we were still living together, we were leading almost separate existences by that time.  The tension had taken its toll on both of us.  After settling into our new house, Bee went off on one of her hunting trips and I was set free to enjoy my wild side.  Whilst I was out exploring the woods near our home, I stumbled upon a beautiful human girl dancing in the meadow nearby.  From the cloak of the shadows I watched her dance around the untamed meadow picking wild flowers.  I soaked up every detail about her; her pale blond hair that shone in the sunlight and burshed against her milky white skin, her beautiful brown eyes that bewitched me like no other in all my two hundred and fifty years, and her blush pink lips, soft, plump and forbidden.  In those few short moments I’d fallen in love with the captivating human girl.”  A wistful sigh escaped me as I recalled the memory, one that I had replayed over and over since I first lost her.
In front of me, Summer’s body stiffened and her thoughts turned to jealousy again.  .
I chuckled. “Summer, don’t you recognise her?  That was you in your past life.”  I revealed unable to contain my amused grin.  My ego enjoyed this jealous side to her.
“Wait, that can’t be true.  How can it be?” She asked in astonishment.
“Now wait, don’t spoil the story.”  I teased. 
Summer rolled her eyes and huffed.
“I plucked up my courage and stepped out of the shadows.  I strolled slowly towards you, not wanting to startle you.  You turned around at the sound of the rustling grass and gave me the most inviting smile.  Not a flicker of fear. My heart swelled.  No-one has ever had the effect on me that you do.  I had doubted that I was capable of feeling such deep love and passion for anyone until you entered my life.  Before long we were arranging to meet every day, initially, taking walks through the meadows or riding our horses across the fields nearby.  An easy magnetic pull grew between us that became inescapable.  Our first kiss was tender and sweet, you were so open, and pure it took my breath away.  After only a few weeks of meeting you, I confessed part of my secret to you, breaking my promise to Bee.  I showed you my magical transformation into a wolf.  In fact, I recollect you accepted it more easily the first time around.”  I smiled.  
Summer broke out into half a smile, becoming a little bashful.  That particular disclosure evoked the dream in her mind when she came face to face with the black wolf.  She questioned in her thoughts whether the dream was a memory of that day.
“Yes, your dream was a memory.”  I answered.  “They were different times back then.  Humans were more likely to accept the fantastical.  Nowadays you want to explain everything with science.”
Her face relaxed and her eyes grew big and inviting.  She still wanted me.  I moved to sit next to her on the sofa.  She leaned into me and laid her head against my chest.  “But I’m guessing you didn’t tell me back then that you were a v...v...vampire?”  Summer questioned, struggling to say the word.
“No.  I feared it would be too soon to explain that part of me or even about who Bee was.  I was afraid if I did reveal that part of me I would lose you.  A wolf is one thing; a vampire is something entirely different.  You’re stronger in this life, more than you allow yourself credit for.  Besides vampires are no longer always the villains these days.”  I chuckled under my breath.  “Our whirlwind romance took place over a matter of weeks.  I’d kept your existence from Bee, but she’d grown suspicious of my long absences.  My desire to spend every moment of every day with you consumed me, and I knew that you would not balance well with my companionship with Bee.  I had to make a choice, but there was no choice, not really.  I waited for Bee to return and told her I’d fallen in love and needed to leave to be with my love.  I chose my words carefully so as not to allude to whom my new love was or whether they were immortal or not.  My sudden announcement hurt Bee.  She flew into a rage and thrashed around our home smashing everything in her path, screaming and whaling.  In the midst of her fury she banished me and warned me never to return.” 
“Weren’t you scared?”  Summer asked concerned.
“No.  I took no enjoyment from breaking her heart, but at my core I am a selfish creature and I had become blinded by you.  You were all I could see or think about.  I wanted you and the happiness you brought into my life.  Bee couldn’t be part of that.  She wouldn’t accept that I had those feelings for someone other than her, so I gave her up.  Bee couldn’t hurt me; she loved me too much.  Instead she pushed me away and out of the path of her anger.”  I reassured.  “I waited until the following morning and found you in our secret meadow glowing like an angel in the sunlight and my happiness overwhelmed me.  I bent down on one knee and proposed to you right there and then without any forethought. . . .  and of course you accepted.”  I chuckled.  
Summer smiled and reached up to kiss me.  Her acceptance towards me was increasing and she was coming to terms with the truth.  My anxiety diminished at a rate with hers.
“So, my dream of us in a jewellery store, that was true too?”  She whispered with a hint of excitement.
“Mmmhmm.  About a week later.”  I smiled and gazed at her bare hand.  When I glanced up again her complexion had turned ashen accompanied by the look of terror. 
“What about the dark forest, feeling so scared unable to find you?  Was that a dream?”  Her words were urgent and desperate for reassurance.
Although I was conscious of how much the truth could frighten her, I reasoned that this was a time for complete honesty.  I’d come too far to start lying to her now. 
“Summer, I don’t know for certain.  I wasn’t there, but I did find you in the woods.  When I found you, your life had already slipped away.  I don’t know why you were in the woods alone; I don’t know what happened.”  My heart momentarily filled with the sadness and regret I’d suffered since I found her on that black day.  
Summer fell silent and tears rained down her cheeks.  The room became abruptly claustrophobic. 
“Was it Bee?”  Summer shook with fear.
“No.  I kept watch on her.  She’d fled soon after I left her . . .  I tell you what, let’s get out of here.  I think we could do with some fresh air.”  I pulled Summer to her feet and led her out the door, into the forest and towards our secret sanctuary.
I lifted her onto my back.  Summer remained quiet and didn’t resist.  I ran through the forest as fast as I could.  The freedom and fresh air relaxed me, and this time I could travel at my own speed without having to hide it.
“Boden, if it wasn’t Bee how did I die?  I want to know, I need to know.”  Summer whispered as the beach became visible in the distance.  Her tight grip grew desperate around my neck; she knew the truth deep inside, we just needed to revive it. 
Once we reached the clearing, I set her down on to the warm sand.  The gentle splashing of the calming waves and the warmth of the midday sun provided a tranquil setting.  Summer sat down on the sand and clutched her knees defensively again.  I sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her.  She shuffled closer, twisting into my chest seeking comfort.
“Boden, please tell me.  How did I die?”
“Summer, I wish I could tell you what happened on that day for certain, but  . . . it looked like you fell and broke your neck.  There were no other marks to indicate anything more, but I don’t understand why you would have travelled that deep into the forest alone, and your dreams haven’t provided any clues yet.”
“How did you find me?”
“Your father called a town search party; everyone looked for you, scaling every inch of the town and beyond.  I went to the woods with a few others, and picked up your scent.  I found you lying on the forest floor, but you were silent, no breath, no beating heart, just still.”  A tear slipped down my cheek.  It was a horrific night and I needed to clear my throat before I could continue.  “But I promise no harm will ever come to you again.  I won’t allow it.  I wasn’t able to hear you like I can now, back then you were the same as every other creature, I could only hear you if you were near me, but time strengthened our bond and now no matter where you are I can always hear you.”  I wanted to instil in her some peace of mind.
“Why does it haunt me?  Why am I so terrified of being in there at night?”  Summer gestured towards the forest.
“At the time you were scared and lost and panicked.  You died in the forest; it represents a powerful link to your death.”  I replied in a low soothing tone.
“But I can’t remember why?  I can just remember searching for you.” 
I kissed her soft hair.  “We’ll figure it out; we just need to unlock your mind.” 
Summer sniffed and wiped her tears.  “I’ve been here before too, haven’t I?” 
“Only once.  After I left Bee, I set about building a house for us to live in once we were married.  I brought you up here the week before you died to show you our new house and the grounds.  We named it Semper to represent our love for one and other and then we toasted it here at the beach.”  I’d clung to every detail of that memory for one hundred and twenty one years.  
“That was my dream yesterday; we were here, happy and peaceful . . . .  Oh my god, so I died in Lupus Forest?”  Summer cried whilst the pieces fused together for her.
“Yes-but there’s no need to panic, nothing will happen this time.  I’m going to take much better care of you.”  I promised.
“What did you do after you found me dead?  How did you know where to find me again in this life?” 
“Well . . . your death spawned a dark period for me.  Your funeral flamed my grief, watching you disappear underground, never to be mine again . . . I  . . . had to get away.  I battened down what should have been our new home and escaped, hoping to mute the pain of your loss.  It proved futile, I couldn’t escape you and my empathy for my mother and her decision to end her life increased.  I wanted to end my own life.”
“Oh Boden no!”  Summer gasped.
“You were my reason for existing and you were taken away from me.  I couldn’t see the point in living another moment longer without you.  I tried various acts of suicide all of which failed miserably thanks to my healing powers.  Then I thought about my mother’s pack.  I was certain they would relish the chance to destroy me if I provoked them.  So, I went in search of them.
“When I found them in Carpathian I tried to incite an attack, but the Chief refused to rise to it and called off the others who were moments from granting my wish.  He told me he knew I was the son of Marie and he wanted to understand why I’d come to them.  I told him I wanted them to kill me.  The Chief was wise and he wanted to understand why I’d look for death before granting my wish.  I told him of the insufferable agony of being alive without you and that I couldn’t endure that tortuous pain for an eternity so I had tried to end my life but failed to accomplish it on my own.  The Chief then chose to explain to me who or rather what I am.  Obviously, I knew I was half werewolf half vampire, but what I didn’t understand up until that point was what that meant or the potentially unlimited capabilities I possessed.  The Chief informed me that I had inherited the strengths of both species, but mutated into one; creating an immortal more powerful than either.  A Cucubuth; potentially impenetrable and potentially both protector and predator.”
 “What do you mean . . . predator?”  Summer interrupted.  
“My exceptionally rare kind is perhaps the only true immortals.  I am stronger than anything that walks the earth, with senses more developed than any other creature.  I can choose to use those abilities to protect or to hunt, but in my heart I am not a demonic monster.  I am not a predator.  Your love has sealed that.”  I assured her with as much gravitas as I could to ensure she understood she had no reason whatsoever to be afraid of me.
“And impenetrable?  Are you saying nothing will kill you?  N-n-n-not a bullet, or a knife or a bomb even?”  Her words tumbled out as soon as the thoughts crossed her mind.
“That was the problem, I couldn’t kill myself and the pack couldn’t either.  I’m everything proof.”  I clarified.  “I can bleed and bruise, but in less than a moment it heals, no permanent damage.”
“Wow, that’s er  . . . handy I guess . . . in your world.” 
“I suppose.”  I flashed a crooked smile.  “At the time though, it made your loss a million times worse, I had no escape; sentenced to live in frenzy and pain forever.  Then the Chief offered me a small ray of hope, Samsara.  He told me that sometimes when a premature death is inflicted upon a life that has connected with their true soul mate, the soul of that life would return through rebirth into another person so that the souls can reconnect with their love and complete the life they should have had.  Our souls are destined to be together and I knew you would return to me, I just had to be patient.  At first, I roamed the world searching for a sign that you had returned, without knowing who you were or where you’d be.  When the years passed without any sign I grew lugubrious.  
“I retreated to an old castle I occupied after I ran away from Bee within the depths of the Black Forest in Germany.  It was a place of solitude and somewhere I could wallow in my melancholy.  With no humans around to fill my head with their inane thoughts, I found peace for several years, painting every memory I had of you until one hundred years after your death I heard an infant’s thoughts.  It didn’t make much sense at first but then I began to hope that it was you.  I searched your thoughts to determine where in the world you were— ”
“—But if you knew where I was, why didn’t you come sooner?”  Summer interrupted with confusion.
“Samsara is complicated.  The Chief warned me not to interfere in your life; we had to reconnect at the right time for you.  Since you were seventeen your life has been a series of difficult events.  The tragic unexpected death of your parents, Ben’s cruel absence and reappearance and then your ill-fated marriage,   You weren’t in the right state of mind for our reunion—”
“—But I was with Ben, I went through all that pain.” Summer cried “ . . .Oh my god, you saw everything.”  Horror flashed across her face when the full realisation of my ability hit her.
“Summer, please don’t fret.  I considered it was something I would have to endure.  It was unlikely someone as beautiful as you would remain alone until we were reunited and I knew you didn’t love him.  Your thoughts were far more honest than you could admit.”  A smirk slipped out when thoughts of Ben’s loss crossed my mind.  He tried to manipulate her into loving him but it had failed.
Summer flung her arms around my neck and kissed me on the cheek.  “Still, it must have been awful, you must have hated me.  He was all I had in the world and I lied to him.  I-I . . .” She cried blushing with shame. 
“No.  I could never hate you.  You weren’t aware of any of this, and as for Ben he knew what he was doing to you.”  I snapped.  My blood boiled at the mere mention of his name on her lips and it wasn’t an appropriate time for jealousy.
 “Why wait for my twenty first birthday, why not come to me as soon as I’d left Ben then?”  Summer asked pulling away from me just enough to search my eyes.
“I needed to give you some time to come to terms with your decision to leave him.  I watched your strength and independence grow each day.  Our reunion seemed like the perfect birthday present.  I most certainly could not have waited any longer than that and I also couldn’t resist a sneak peak at what the new you thought of me.”  I beamed at her.
Summer blushed again when she remembered her first thoughts of me.
“Dark Angel, that’s quite a compliment.” I teased.
“That assessment was unbelievably accurate.”  She giggled, twisting my hair around her finger.
“Subconsciously your memories are there.  Now that I’ve found you and you know everything, we can be complete. . . .  If that’s what you still want?”  I prayed it was.  I couldn’t give her up now.
Summer bit her lip and dropped her eyes down.  “I must be crazy, but there’s nothing I want more.”  She agreed before looking for my response. 
My heart almost burst with happiness.  My life was finally whole again.  I reached out to kiss her.
“Boden, wait.  What happened to Bee?”  Summer questioned, still fearing the possibility that Bee might return.
“Don’t worry about her, she’s long gone.  Bee last lived about twenty miles from here; however, her home burned to the ground over fifty years ago.  There’s no trace of it now.”  I reassured before using my kiss to distract her.
Yet,  I also wondered where Bee disappeared to.  I had not seen or heard from her in over a century, but I hoped that she found happiness with someone.
* * * *
Time seemed to fly by with Summer.  The afternoon disappeared, taking the evening with it.  Summer and I stayed at the beach to watch the late sunset, but the temperature lowered with the sun and goose bumps covered Summer’s arms once the air chilled.  
“I better get you back, you’re getting cold.”  I told her.  
Summer nodded.  She stood up and hugged me with a tight grip.
“I love it here; it is a small piece of heaven.”  Summer sighed. “I just wish we didn’t have to go through the forest to get here.”
I inhaled the scent of her hair and kissed it gently.  “There’s nothing to fear with me by your side.”  I lifted her up on to my back and we ran home.  
Once again, Summer’s heart raced with fear during the journey and she hid her head against my back.  Whatever happened back then continued to frighten her yet the truth remained buried deep inside her, hidden from me.
Summer had eaten nothing all day.  The surprise revelations had distracted her from hunger so when we arrived home I made tea for her.  She kept quiet whilst she eat, lost in her own thoughts.  I didn’t interrupt, instead I watched her in adoration of her strength and ability to love me and accept the surreal truth.  
Once Summer finished her meal, she commenced with her inquisition.
“So Boden, if you’re half vampire, do all the myths around vampires apply to you, like holy water, garlic, crosses and all that?”  She began.
“No, most are myths that began in the dark ages.  Back then, humans put their faith in religion or superstition to explain things they feared.  Crosses and holy water have no effect, vampires do have reflections in mirrors, they don’t sleep in coffins, and in fact, they never sleep.  Garlic is just a very pungent smell.  And they most definitely do not turn into bats or fly.”  I explained, chuckling to myself at the thought whilst I bit into a clove of garlic to prove the point.
“But you do turn into a wolf?”  Summer argued.
“That’s different.”  I dismissed.
“So if religion doesn’t protect us, does that confirm there is no heaven or good to fend off evil so to speak?”
“No not at all.  Even vampires and werewolves believe there is a hell as well as a place of sanctuary such as heaven.  Good comes in many different forms as does evil.  Human and immortal.”
“So do you belong to heaven?  Are you in essence an angel?” 
“No Summer.  I belong to you.  I am a Cucubuth.  I believe there is absolute goodness and true evil in the world and a lot of grey area.  I hope I sit somewhere in the middle of the grey area.”  I smiled.
“Hmm, me too.”  Summer paused.  “Okay then so what about sunlight?  That isn’t religious and it doesn’t seem to affect you?”  Summer quizzed.
“No.  Sunlight doesn’t affect me that’s true; however it does affect vampires, although in a different way than you think.  Firstly, vampires possess hyper-dilated irises; this can cause them pain in daylight, sort of like if you had a severe migraine.  These days, they have developed specialist contact lenses to protect their eyes and mask their unusual irises.  Sunlight also affects a vampire’s skin; although it is tough, it is paper thin, almost translucent in appearance emanating a bright glow.  Ironically, they look like angels in the sunlight.  However, as they increase with age, their sensitivity to the sun develops.  Bright sunshine becomes unbearable for the more mature vampire and they suffer a severe weakening of strength, not like in movies where they dissolve to ash, but tortuous all the same.  Sunlight alone wouldn’t kill them and when the sun’s intensity is weak, most vampires can cover up and live amongst you without notice.  Clusters of vampires are more likely to be found living in wintery and dark climates, although in my experience most continue to stay hidden during daylight hours, it is usually the younger vampires who are innovative and look for ways to live an almost normal human existence during the day and feed at night for as long as they can.” 
“So why doesn’t it affect you?  . . .  And how come your skin tone is darker than mine is?  . . .  And it’s been hot sunshine this past week?”  Summer spluttered in confusion
“Yes but I’m half werewolf, I have the strengths of both, not the weaknesses.”
Summer appeared concerned, and wracked her brain trying to think of other myths from films and books.  “Vampires can be killed with a stake through the heart right?  Does that mean you could be killed with a stake through your heart?”  She blurted out in panic.
“No, vampires aren’t destroyed in that way.  They don’t have a heart to begin with.  I’m different; I have a heart, but I have an impenetrable exterior.  I told you before, nothing will ever kill me.”
“Right then, so, if sunlight doesn’t kill them and religious objects don’t have an effect and neither will a stake through the heart . . . What does?”  Summer questioned in fear.
“The best way to ensure their death is to rip them apart, decapitate them and burn them in a fire.”  I revealed.
Summer grimaced “Oh. . .  And how many more vampires and werewolves are out there exactly?” 
“More than you’d want to know.  Some vampires live nomadically moving from one place to another, others stay hidden close to towns, and some like Bee live amongst humans.  However where there are vampires, werewolves are never far away, but I’m here to protect you from everything.  You don’t need to worry about anything.”  I promised her.
Summer hushed her questions whilst her mind ticked over, considering the few werewolf myths she knew.  I chose to answer her thoughts before she could ask them aloud.
“Summer, silver bullets have as much effect as any other, the difficulty would be for any human to ever see a werewolf let alone take aim.  Werewolves can also appear at any time day or night in either form, and they are certainly not vicious cursed devil dogs.  Although, perhaps Mihai would be the exception to the rule, in my opinion at least.”  I smirked.  “They exist to protect human life from vampires.  They are said to be descended from angels.” 
Summer gazed at me for a few moments, before a warm smile flickered across her beautiful face.  
“This is all so incredible I feel like I’m trapped in a movie.”  Summer Yawned “. . .  Do you ever sleep?”
“No, I don’t need to.  And I certainly do not lie in a coffin.”  I laughed.   “I bought the bed upstairs for you, for when we were married.  It will sound silly but when I returned here, before we met up again, I used to lie on the bed and listen to your thoughts whilst I imagined you lying next to me.”  I replied thoughtfully.  “And . . .Talking of which you do need some sleep and it’s been an exhausting day, let’s get you some rest.”
“Okay.”  She yawned.   “Boden, you definitely don’t crave my blood do you?”  Summer clarified for reassurance.
“Your scent drives me wild with passion and love, and I am sure your blood would be the most salacious taste, but I promise I have no desire to drink your blood.”  I confirmed.  
“One more question please?  In my first life . . . was I called Summer too?” 
I smiled,  “No.  Your name was Grace, but I prefer Summer, it represents the light you bring into my life.”
“Do I look the same, though?”
“That’s two questions . . .” I teased. “But yes, you do, only perhaps more beautiful.  What you’ve been through in this life has given you strength and you have blossomed.”  I replied stroking her sunlight hair.  “C’mon let’s go up to bed.”
“Wait, wait.  One more thing?”  Summer insisted.  “Will . . . will you change into-a-wolf for me, so that I can see what it’s like . . . I mean you’re like?”  A hesitated excitement rippled through her voice.
Her request encouraged me.  I agreed, happy that she felt comfortable enough to ask me.  It proved how far she had come since her initial hysteria this morning.  I took hold of her hand and led her outside whilst I listened to her heart beat franticly in anticipation.  
“Sit down here.  I won’t approach you.”  I told her and moved away to transform into my wolf form for her.  
Once transformed, I stood several meters distance from her and carefully watched her reaction.  I wondered whether it would be a step too far at this point to expect her to come close to me, especially after her fearful reaction when she saw me earlier this morning.  Yet to my surprise, only a few moments passed before she stood up and took slow purposeful steps towards me.  As she moved closer, she reached out a tentative hand and laid it on my head before she stroked my fur.  Summer’s confidence grew and she rested her head against the side of mine.  
Summer sighed.  “Do you know that right now my world is spinning on its head?  One moment you are the most beautiful dark angel and the next you are this enormous majestic wolf.  It’s all so unbelievably fantastical yet I feel like the luckiest girl alive.  How stupid and crazy is that?”  She whispered.
In an instant, I changed back and swept her up into my arms.  “It’s not crazy.  It’s your true destiny to be with me.”
* * * *
Later in bed, I listened to Summer’s slow even breathing and watched her many dreams.  I thought perhaps she would suffer with nightmares after what she had learned today, but fortunately, she only conjured up dreams that replayed short snapshots of us now and in her past life.   
The following morning when Summer awoke she beamed up at me and reached out for a hug.  I responded immediately wrapping my arms around her, drawing her in close against my body.  Summer pressed her lips delicately against my neck, raising my pulse.  I lifted her up to my mouth and kissed her back.  Her legs parted and she straddled my hips, teasing me with gentle rocking, persuading me to thrust against her until she screamed with pleasure.  The wait for her had been worth it.  Summer was entirely mine again.

* * * *

Chapter 5: The Engagement Party
SUMMER JAMES:

“IS THIS SIDE high enough?”  I called to Lauryn whilst we struggled to hold up the party banner.  
“I think so.  I wish Charlotte was here, it’s not easy to do this with just two.”  Lauryn replied.
During the last couple of weeks, since I returned from Boden’s house, I had hardly seen Charlotte at all.  That was my fault.  Selfishly I had become too wrapped up in Boden to spare any time for my friends.  At my request, Boden maintained a constant presence in our apartment.  Once I became embroiled in the craziness of his life  there was no escaping it and I needed him close to me to help me come to terms with the truth of what he was and why I was here and what else was out there.  He was the only thing that made me feel safe.
I didn’t fear the fact that Boden was a mythical creature, capable of the most heinous atrocities because I experienced the wealth of his love and refused to believe there could be anything but good inside him.  
Instead, and possibly insanely, his ability to hear every thought I will ever have disturbed me the most.  The thought of him reading my mind whenever he felt like it worried and frustrated me.  I could not relax in fear of thinking of something that would hurt or anger him.  Although as time passed, I considered that there might be a side to it that could be comforting; knowing that I would be able to talk to him whenever I needed to and if I collided with danger or ever felt scared, he would know.  Noneheless, the peculiar sensation of being naked consumed me and seemed like I would forever have an intruder inside my brain and no matter what I did or where I would be I would never have a private thought again.  
Conversely, I couldn’t stand to be without Boden for even a moment.  My love for him seemed to intensify with each second I spent with him.  Work dragged on incessantly whilst I counted down the seconds until I could see him again and I resisted sleep, the impeding black hole that swallowed up wasted hours that I longed to spend conscious with him.  I fought against it, but sleep always managed to win out in the end. 
On the day of the engagement party Boden insisted on leaving me alone for a few hours to allow me to spend some quality time with Lauryn.  He argued how important it was for me to nurture my friendships outside of him and tugged at my guilt complex with his worries that I had neglected my friends since his entrance into my life.  This was true, but he was my drug and I craved him above everything else and for the entire duration of his absence, I could not tear my eyes away from the time, watching the hands taunt me with their lethargic crawl around the clock.  
I was also oblivious to Charlotte’s offer to hand the apartment over to Lauryn for her engagement party.  I had assumed it would be held at Gabriel’s, and until Lauryn rang me yesterday asking to arrange what time she could come over and start decorating it hadn’t dawned on me.  
Lauryn assumed Charlotte would be helping too, however as had become the routine over the past couple of weeks, Charlotte disappeared before Boden and I were up and she had not returned my texts.  I felt ashamed to admit that some days I didn’t know whether Charlotte returned home the night before or not.  In truth, I was selfish.  Things were different with Lauryn.  She was also wrapped up in her own world of happiness with Gabriel, but I owed Charlotte more.  Since I left Ben four months ago, our friendship had grown closer and she had given me strength to move on.  Yet I had not given her a second thought since Boden revealed his dark secrets to me.  He took up all the space in my head and there just was no room for anything or anyone else.  
Another thing I was unaware of was Charlotte’s arrangements for the furniture to be placed in storage for the night to allow the vast open space to be transformed into a dance floor.  Charlotte’s enormous apartment with amazing views, which her wealthy parents paid for, had been Lauryn’s second choice for her engagement party venue after Gabriel refused to pay for another venue when he owned a bar (Lauryn’s absolute last choice for her engagement party) and therefore Charlotte’s apartment had been an agreeable compromise for them both.  Again, all this was lost on me as I remained locked in my own world of oblivion until the removal men banged on the door early this morning.  Fortunately, Boden answered the door and supervised it all.
Lauryn and I continued to decorate the apartment with engagement party banners, balloons, streamers and confetti.  Lauryn chose pink, white and silver as her colour theme.  Even the ceiling transformed into colourful clouds of helium balloons with sparkling silver ribbon fluttering below.  
“What’s the total now?”  I asked referring to her guest list.
“Eighty four.”  Lauryn answered, undoing packets of confetti.
“Wow.  It should be a fantastic party, I can’t wait.”  I smiled.
“Yep. . .  Erm . . . Summer about that, there’s something I need to tell you about the guest list . . . I’m not sure how you’re gonna react to it.”  Lauryn began.  
She wasn’t playing.  Her concern furrowed into her expression, making it clear whatever she had to tell me would not be pleasant.  I climbed down to the bottom of the stepladder.  “Okay, tell me then.” I responded, bracing myself.
“Well, you know how we haven’t really seen much of you since you got together with Boden-who is amazing by the way—”
“—Yeah.  And?”  I ushered and unconsciously stiffened up in defence.  In my head, I anticipated her confession that Charlotte was mad with me for having Boden around so much.  I understood that, but I felt defensive.
“Well . . .  Charlotte’s not had much of a chance to talk to you.”  Lauryn stalled.
“Please just spit it out Lauryn.  You’re making it worse.”  I pressed, growing impatient with her.
Lauryn took a deep breath.  “Okay.  The other weekend after you went away to Boden’s, Ben came round to the apartment looking for you.  He was furious when Charlotte told him where you were.  He had a real bee in his bonnet about you being with Boden, let alone being so far away on your own with him.  And to be fair Summer, we all agreed he did have a valid point about that.  We were all a bit worried.”  Lauryn defended, but my expression narrowed so she continued in a hurry.  “Well anyway, Charlotte told me that when she refused to give him the address you’d left, Ben blew up at her.  He was furious that she’d let you leave with Boden and this obviously upset her.  I think her tears shocked Ben and he realised he shouldn’t have taken it out on her, so by way of an apology he offered to buy Charlotte dinner.  Then over a few glasses of wine, I guess they both relaxed and the conversation left the topic of you and . . . .  well they discovered that they had a lot of things in common.”  She looked up again to see if the expression on my face had changed, but it hadn’t.  It had frozen.  I could see what was coming.   “And . . . well something sparked between them and now they’ve sort of started seeing each other, so, the reason Charlotte’s not been around much over the last couple of weeks is because she’s been spending most of her time with Ben, and he’s . . . er.  .  coming . . . tonight . . .as her guest.”  Lauryn cringed waiting for my reaction.  
I slumped down onto a rung of the ladder.  I was unsure how I should react or how I felt about it or what I should be feeling.  It just felt uncomfortable to think of Ben with someone else and why couldn’t Charlotte tell me herself?  She of all people knew how I felt about Ben and how I felt about Boden.
“Are you okay Summer?  Charlotte couldn’t tell you, she asked me to tell you and to say that she hopes you’ll understand.  I only found out a couple of days ago myself when she asked if she could bring him to the party.  You know she’s not been into anyone for ages, but Charlotte really likes Ben and he seems to feel the same way.  It’s just obviously difficult because of your history.  .  .”  Lauryn justified and fidgeted awkwardly.
I forced a smile, but inside I could not squash the feeling of betrayal, which seemed ridiculous.  “It’s fine.  Ben needed to move on.”  I didn’t want Ben; I needed him to move on.  Yet Ben moving on with Charlotte made me uncomfortable.  I didn’t know whether that was because she couldn’t tell me herself or because I’d discovered irrational feelings of jealousy brewing at the thought Ben with someone else.  I didn’t love Ben in that way and I most definitely did love Boden in the most absorbing way.  However, the hurt still stung.  After eighteen years at the centre of Ben’s world, I had been replaced.  The guilt flooded over me when I realised the extent of my selfish vanity.
Although I pushed myself to maintain an upbeat mood whilst Lauryn and I finished off the final touches to the room before she left to get ready, I couldn’t escape the awkwardness lurking in the air.  
Before Lauryn left at five, she sent Charlotte a message to let her know she had told me.  Charlotte didn’t return her text, contact me, or return home and I was left alone with my thoughts for too long whilst I waited for Boden to return at seven.  For a while, I lay on my bed toying with the idea of texting Charlotte but I couldn’t settle on the right thing to say.  Boden’s familiar knock rescued me a little before six and sent me rushing to the door.  
“Hi you’re early.  I didn’t expect you for another hour.”  I answered with joyful relief.
 “I thought you could do with some company.”  He grinned. 
My heart melted when I gazed up at him until it dawned on me.  Boden would have heard the thoughts in my head whilst Lauryn revealed the reasons for Charlotte’s recent low profile.  I shrivelled inside with shame and fought back the tears.
“Summer, please don’t cry.  I understand how difficult this has been for you.”  Boden soothed as he wiped a tear from my cheek.  “Summer look at me, you were the centre of his affections, it’s bound to hurt.  Our love is so deep it transcends life times.  I have nothing to fear.  Besides you are only human.”  He quipped and kissed my tear soaked cheek.  “Come on let’s get you ready.”
I looked up at him through blurry eyes, feeling a little more relieved that he loved me more than I deserved.  “What did I do to deserve you?”
Boden followed me into my room and sprawled out on the bed whilst I searched through my wardrobe for something to wear to the party.  I hadn’t even considered shopping for an outfit because I’d been so absorbed in him.
 “The pink ones nice.”  Boden recommended breaking my train of thought.
“I don’t have a pink dress.”  I frowned.  “Where have you been all day anyway?”  I asked re-examining my wardrobe for something pink.
Boden rustled a bag.  I twisted around to find his arm outstretched holding up a large designer shopping bag.  Boden flashed a mischievous grin at me.  I’d been too distracted by my selfish thoughts to notice he’d brought anything in with him.  I reached into the bag and pulled out a bright pink satin forty’s style fitted dress.   
“Oh Boden, it’s gorgeous, it must have cost you a fortune it’s too much.”  I gushed with delight.
“No, it’s not, it’s perfect.”  He smiled, pulling me closer to him so that he could whisper in my ear, “You are my moon and stars.  Your love controls me and lights up my dark life.  Nothing will ever be too much for you.”
I slipped on the exquisite dress and beamed with delight when it fitted me perfectly; clinging in all the right places.  I couldn’t help twirling in front of the mirror like a little girl.
“There is one more gift for you.”  Boden ushered, holding up a smaller bag.  I peered inside.  This bag contained a jeweller’s box.  I opened it up.  My eyes grew wide in awe of the stunning delicate pink diamond charm bracelet that rested inside.  I flung my arms around Boden and kissed him.  “Thank you, it’s beautiful.  You’re spoiling me.”  I gushed again.
Boden took the bracelet and secured it around my wrist.  “There.  You look perfect.”  He smiled.   “Come-on let’s make the most of the empty space.”  Boden took my hand and led me into the centre of the living room.
“What are you up to?”  I giggled.
Boden selected ‘Lovesong’ by Adele on my IPod and moved in a blur so that he’d already wrapped his arm around my waist and entwined his other hand around mine by the time I’d registered he’d put the song on.  Boden led me around the empty room underneath the helium clouds, gliding along to the beat of the music.  
When the time approached seven thirty, Lauryn returned with Gabriel.  Wearing an elegant baby blue designer vintage dress that she had borrowed from the shop, paired with the necklace Boden had picked up on my behalf for her birthday, after he had seen it in her thoughts.  Meanwhile, Gabriel looked dashing in his dark blue suit, which seemed strange after knowing him for so long in jeans and t-shirts.  
Tonight was the first time Gabriel and Boden were properly introduced.  Initially Gabriel appeared to be apprehensive almost fearful of Boden, however Boden soon put him at ease and escorted him into the kitchen to find a drink.  When they reappeared, Gabriel seemed much more comfortable in his company.  
“Guess what?”  Lauryn turned to me.
“What?”
“Bernice is coming, she text me earlier to say that she was arriving back from her trip and would be here later on.  I can’t believe it.  She hardly ever comes out to parties.  She’s been so good to me already, after lending me this dress and everything.”  Lauryn cooed.
“Wow that is a surprise.”  I replied.  
Bernice although very charming, always kept herself out of the way, and never attended any of our big events before, including my wedding.  I was pleased for Lauryn as the gesture obviously meant a great deal to her.  
  More guests arrived one after the other until bodies crowded the apartment, transforming it into a club venue rather than a home.  Ten o’clock passed and still Charlotte failed to make an appearance.  I began to worry that she would avoid me forever.  Boden distracted my concern with tantalising strokes along the nape of my neck.  His sensual touch sent tingles shooting across my skin in all directions so that all I could think about was being with him and feeling his skin against mine. 
“Don’t worry, Charlotte will be here soon.  She promised Lauryn she’d be here and besides this is her home, she can’t stay away forever.”  He purred against my ear. 
Let’s just slip away into my room I thought.
“My thoughts exactly, but we should wait a little longer for Charlotte to arrive.  Let’s have one last dance.”  He whispered.
When her favourite song began, Lauryn turned the music up several levels and danced closely with Gabriel, swaying to the music.  Boden pulled me through the other guests over to where they were.  My arms just about reached up and around his neck, but it didn’t matter because Boden lifted me off the floor just a little so we could gracefully twirl and coast along to the music too.  I gazed into his hypnotic eyes until the world dissolved around us.  Boden leant down and sealed his lips against mine.  Although they were delicate at first, the heat between us intensified causing my heart to pound beneath my dress.
Reality re-emerged when Lauryn interrupted with a not so subtle jabbing elbow in my back.  I glanced over to her with an apologetic look for getting carried away.  Yet Lauryn didn’t smile as I’d expected her to; instead she looked worried and nodded towards the door.
I glanced over, initially confused, until I watched Ben and Charlotte arrive greeting the familiar faces on the other side of the room.  Without thinking I pulled away from Boden, a knee jerk reaction as if we had been caught doing something we shouldn’t, but he tightened his hold further, securing me against his chest.  
“We are doing nothing wrong, there’s no need to protect his feelings.”  My response agitated Boden.  
“I need to talk to Charlotte.”  I argued in a low voice, trying to cover up my reaction. 
Boden released me and crossed his arms in front of his chest remaining perfectly still, imposing his size on the room.  The other guests, dwarfed by his stature, danced around him obliviously.  
My stomach performed nervous flips as I crossed the room to speak to Charlotte, who stood alone.  Charlotte smiled when I approached but her body language inferred her defensive feelings.  “Ben’s just getting us a drink.”  She blushed.
“Hi.  I’ve been waiting for you to arrive.  I just wanted you to know that Lauryn told me about you and Ben.  I have no problem with it-it’s okay.  A little weird, but you know how happy I am with Boden, and now it’s kind of great that two of my best friends are happy together.”  I reassured with a little too much enthusiasm before I glanced back towards Boden who returned my smile from across the room in spite of his frosty body language.
Charlotte hugged me.  “Thank you, I was so worried it would change things between us.  He’s the first guy in a long time that I’ve felt a connection with.  It just feels right.  I could see how deeply in love you were with Boden.  I hoped you’d be okay with it and I didn’t want to jeopardise our friendship.  I just didn’t know how to tell you, and I admit I avoided being around you in case you somehow guessed before I’d prepared myself to tell you.”  She confessed.
“It’s okay.  Ben’s a great guy; he just wasn’t the right one for me.  I’m sure you two will be perfect.”  I told her.  “I’m also sorry for becoming so wrapped up in Boden.  I’ve been selfish after everything you’ve done for me.  I see that and I feel really bad about it.”
Charlotte reached out and gave me another hug.  I spotted Ben returning with their drinks across the room so I made a swift excuse to escape to Boden.
 I noticed Lauryn watching us, and winked at her to let her know all was okay.  She responded with a big smile.  When I reached Boden, he dropped his arms and relaxed his posture.  I placed my arms back around his neck and we fell back in time to the rhythm of the music.
“Why did you react like that?”  I asked.
“We shouldn’t have to stop being who we are, just to protect his feelings” Boden’s face stiffened.
“I wasn’t, I-I was worried about Charlotte,” I stuttered.  “I am pleased he has finally moved on, I know I felt odd about it earlier—” I tried to explain myself but Boden interrupted.
“—Don’t be so sure that he has.”  Boden hissed.
I stopped dancing and dropped my hands on to his forearms.
“What do you mean?”  I questioned concerned by his reply.  
“Oh my god she’s here!”  Lauryn shouted in a shrill tone and pushed past us to greet Bernice who had just arrived appearing as if she had just stepped off the catwalk.  
C’mon let’s go now?  Lauryn’s preoccupied, I’ve sorted things out with Charlotte, so let’s slip away now.  I thought whilst I rested my head against his chest.  
Boden didn’t reply.  Instead, his arms fell from around me.  I looked up to see what the matter was, but his face transformed into an unfamiliar expression with his eyes fixed on Bernice.
“What’s wrong?”  I asked disturbed by his reaction.
“What’s she doing here?” He whispered in a strange distant tone.  He wasn’t speaking to me.
“Do you mean Bernice?  That’s who I work for.”  I replied puzzled and concerned.
“Hmm. Right.  You need a drink.  Stay here.”  Boden hastily disappeared into the kitchen before I could refuse.  Damn his supernatural speed.
It did not escaped my notice that he was unable to take his eyes off Bernice.  Her presence distracted him in a way I had not seen before and that worried me.  I followed after him into the kitchen, but he was nowhere to be found.  I searched each room but again Boden had vanished.      
Meanwhile, Lauryn turned the music up further and turned off all the lights until the room fell dark apart from the tiny tea lights and fairy lights scattered around the room.  It created a subtle romantic glow that made it impossible for me to spot Boden amongst the shadows. 
A hand settled on the small of my back, but its weight proved it wasn’t Boden.
“Hi Sum.”  Ben whispered in my ear.
“Oh-Hi.  Surprising good news about you and Charlotte.  I’m really pleased for you.”  I babbled and twisted around to inch away from Ben.
“Mmm.” He replied nodding his head whilst he surveyed the room nonchalantly.  “Still not taken my advice to dump the roid-rage thug then.”  He taunted raising his voice over the music.  
His harsh mocking tone was unexpected considering the revelation about him and Charlotte.
 “Ben, please don’t start this again.  We’ve both moved on; let’s try to be friends again eh?  I miss my old Ben, I wish we could be friends like that again, you know uncomplicated.”  I replied attempting to offer an olive branch.
“I’m always going to be your Ben.  You’ll always be my Sum.  But friends like we were, is out of the question now . . . I also think you’re not as comfortable with me and Charlotte being together as you’re trying to make out.”  He suggested with a smug grin before he walked away to rejoin Charlotte across the room.  
I watched him for a moment.  He embraced Charlotte with a flagrant kiss maximising the beam of light escaping from the kitchen.  I turned away to search for Boden again, satisfied that jealousy was the furthest thought from my mind.  
Boden emerged from the shadows in front of me, reaching his huge powerful arms around me.  I found the degree of vulnerability I experienced when they were not securely around me bizarre as well as the wealth of protection I felt when they were.
 “Summer, I won’t let him get away with taunting you like that.”  Boden whispered in my ear.  “I don’t understand why you were ever friends with him, he’s a poisonous reptile.”
“Oh don’t worry about him, he’s just being an idiot, it doesn’t bother me.  I just hope he isn’t playing games with Charlotte.” 
“It’s good that you can’t hear his thoughts right now.”  Boden whispered.  
His voice carried a sinister edge that gave me a shudder.  Boden held me tighter, planting delicate kisses against my neck to reassure me.
“Where did you go?”  I asked changing the subject.
“I needed to speak to someone.”
“Who?”  I asked wondering who on earth Boden would know at this party.
Boden paused for a few seconds before he finally replied.  “Bernice, or should I say . . . Bee.” 
My heart skipped a beat.  “B B Bernice . . . .  is your Bee?”  I gasped in horror.  His reaction to her arrival now made sense.  Why didn’t I piece it together sooner?  But worst of all if it were true, it would mean I had been working for a terrifying, blood sucking vampire for the past five years.
 “Yes.  That’s her.”  Boden confirmed.  “You have nothing to worry about; I am going to take care of it.”  He promised.
Take care of it?  What did that mean?  What was he going to do?  The pace of music slowed again.  Boden kept hold of me and I clung to him for reassurance.  He leant down and pressed soft sensual kisses against my neck.  I relaxed, drawn towards his tempting lips.  As soon as we were lost in the kiss, my mind fell blank, forgetting the panic I experienced an instant ago.  Yet all too quickly we were disturbed again by the menacing snarl rumbling from inside Boden’s chest.
“What’s the matter?”  I gasped, instinctively pulling away from the frightening sound.
“His thoughts are debauched.”  Boden growled through his teeth.
“What, who?”  I asked in confusion, looking around the room.
Boden held me to his chest.  “Ben.  He’s thinking vile things about you.”
“What?  Are you sure?”  I questioned in disbelief.
“Summer, he has a very clear imagination.”  Boden snapped.
“Please forget about him.  He’s my past.”  I pleaded.
Anxiety crushed my calm again bringing my memory back to life and returning thoughts of our previous conversation.
“Boden what did you talk to Bernice about?”  I pressed.
Boden sighed.  His hold was too secure and I couldn’t pull away to read his face.  I attempted to struggle but it proved pointless.
 “It’s a bit of a coincidence don’t you think, that I find you working in her shop.”  Boden surmised, failing to loosen his hold.
 “But surely you knew that before today?”  I questioned.
“Your memories of her aren’t very clear.  Probably because she keeps herself well hidden and she has altered her appearance a little.  She does not frequent the shop too often does she?  I failed to pick up on her scent when I met you near the shop.”
“Well no, she kinda leaves us to run it, really.  She pops back now and again.”  I tried to think how often any of us saw Bernice.  I also tried to recall when I last saw her outside in the daylight but I couldn’t be sure.  In fact, during the last six of months I don’t actually remember seeing her in person at all.  
“Hmmm.  Exactly.  When I watched her enter the room tonight, it shocked me and it aroused my suspicions.  Why is she here, now, so close to you?  The difficulty is that she is exceptional at controlling her thoughts, so it’s not going to be easy to get the truth out of her.”  Boden explained.
“So w...w...what did she say?”  I stuttered.  A mix of fear and jealousy burned inside me at the terrifying possibility she might be here to win him back and dispose of me.
 “Summer, don’t be scared, I promise to protect you.  She won’t get near you whilst I’m here to look after you and besides I’m fairly confident she wouldn’t betray me that way.  She knows the depth of pain I suffered the first time I lost you.  Unfortunately when I spoke to her a moment ago, she didn’t say much to me at all, although to be fair it’s not the most appropriate place to discuss such things.  I need to talk to her in a more private setting in order to get to the bottom of this.”  Boden confirmed.
“What do you mean private?”  I asked jealous of the idea of them alone somewhere private.  A woman as devastatingly beautiful as Bernice would be able to seduce any man she wanted.
“Summer, please don’t worry.  She couldn’t entice me during the entire time I lived with her, when I wasn’t in love with anyone.  She definitely doesn’t have a hope in hell’s chance now.  I’ve arranged to meet her at the shop; she might let her guard down a little on her own territory.”  Boden insisted increasing his tight hold.
“Boden can you please stop squeezing me, it’s starting to hurt.”  I complained.  
He complied without letting go.  “Sorry.”  He whispered and resumed his mission to distract my worry.  “I think I recall you wanted us to escape into your room and be alone.”
I smiled.  Alone in his arms was the safest place for me.  The caress from his breath against my skin ignited my desire.  He achieved his aim to distract me again.  This time he diverted my thoughts away from the danger stood across the room.  We disappeared through the shadows into my bedroom, closing the door on the party.


* * * *


Chapter 6: New Beginnings

WHEN I OPENED my eyes the next morning, I found Boden stood as rigid as an iron pole in front of my window, arms folded and with his back to me.
“Morning.”  I whispered caught between sleep and awake.
“I saw Bee last night.”  He announced in a stern tone and turned around.
I could just about make out his pouting lips through my squinting eyes.  He looked serious in the morning glow.  My heart skipped a beat, warning me something was wrong.  It crossed my mind that perhaps my worst fear had come true, that Bernice had seduced him into wanting her, and that he stood before me about to crush what we had.  My stomach twisted into tight little knots as I considered it.
“Is everything okay?”  I asked tentatively, bracing myself for the pain.
Boden turned to face the window again.  “Not really.  Big changes are required and you need to trust me that this is for the best.”   
‘Big Changes...for the best. Oh no.’ I thought.  “Boden, look at me, please if you’re going to do this then have the decency to look into my eyes.”  I whimpered feeling sick to the stomach.
“I want you to understand how serious I am about this.”  He continued ignoring my plea.
I gulped down my fear and climbed off the bed.  If he was going to do this he could damn well look at me, although I hoped that looking into my eyes would make him change his mind.  I couldn’t continue to exist without him, not now that I had experienced my life with him in it.
“Boden, please just tell me what’s wrong.”  I tugged at his arm whilst tears poured down my cheeks.  
The tension in the room suffocated me.  I wished he would just tell me straight, rip it off like a plaster and tell me we were over instead of dancing around it in an attempt to protect me, because he couldn’t.  Without him, my world would be empty, frozen and nothing he could say or do would cushion the devastation that he would leave.
All of a sudden, Boden’s arms snaked me. “Summer, no.  You’ve jumped to a ludicrous conclusion.  I’m sorry, I don’t mean to frighten you . . . Don’t doubt my feelings for you, I told you Bee is no threat to you.  I am just so furious with myself.”  He whispered into my hair.
“But you said big changes.  It sounded so . . .so finite.” 
Boden pulled away, holding me at arm’s length.  “Yes I do need you to make big changes.  Bee has made her intentions clear.  She’s changed.  I don’t want to risk leaving you anywhere near her.  As a precaution, I want you to come and live with me for a while.  Unfortunately you will also need to resign from the shop.  I know how much you love it there, but this is too close to her.  Too much of a risk.” 
“What do you mean?  Are you saying she wants you back?”
“She never had me in the first place Summer.”
My initial relief disappeared.  Bernice wanting Boden back was worrying, but the fact that I was what stood in the way of a vampire’s deepest desire terrified me.  “Precaution against what?  D-d-do you think she wants’ to k-k-kill me?”  I stuttered in terror.
Boden shook his head.  “I don’t want to take any chances.  I am not willing to risk losing you again.”
“What about Lauryn and Charlotte?”  I gasped, as the word vampire echoed around my head.
“Bee’s careful; she won’t hunt on her own doorstep.  Lauryn has too many friends and family around her who would cause a lot of noise if she suddenly disappeared.  Charlotte’s family’s wealth would create a stir in public interest if she went missing which would bring too much attention on Bee and the First Vampires would step in.  . . .  Unfortunately, for you Summer, you could easily disappear without a ripple, although I hope my faith that Bee wouldn’t harm you because it would destroy me and I would never be able to forgive her, is well founded.  I am here to protect you, but even if there is the smallest risk of harm, I will take every precaution to keep you safe.  This is why right now, the wisest move is to get you out of her way.”  Boden insisted.
“Oh.”  I muttered whilst I tried to process what he was saying.  
There was no time to think anything through.  A supernatural world existed alongside everything I cherished and now they were colliding with each other with potentially dire consequences.
I refused to disappear without an explanation and argued that it would seem too suspicious if I did.  After further discussion, Boden agreed we needed to provide an explanation to those closest to me, so we devised a simple story that wasn’t too far from the truth.  I would tell them that we were so in love and desperate to be together and had decided to live together.  Boden lived too far away for me to retain my job at the shop, so I would have to resign.  Everyone would think we were crazy, but they bore witness to the intensity of our relationship up until now so it shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise.  Hopefully. 
Throughout the rest of the day, I struggled to stay calm due to an unrelenting agitated feeling clouding over me.  I obsessed over exactly what I should say to Charlotte and how I could explain leaving everything behind.  I was sure she would see through to the terror in my eyes and interrogate my crazy plans.  Yet those thoughts could only distract me for a short while from the thought of ‘Bee’ trying to win Boden back at any cost.  In addition, everything else that happened since I first met Boden flew around inside my head, from his revelations, to my love for him, to Bee and having to desert everything I knew and loved. 
Boden grew tired of watching my anxious manic behaviour and insisted on an excursion to divert my mind.  First, he took me to a local art museum where he explained detailed stories about the history behind several painting’s and artists.  He had a captivating story telling style, which succeeded in distracting me for a couple of hours.  After the museum, we made our way over to an intimate restaurant on the outskirts of town.  Throughout dinner, Boden reinforced his promise repeatedly to protect me and to never allow Bernice to get close to me again.  He stressed the depth of love he had for me and that the two of us living together was the inevitable path whether Bernice existed or not.  
His words stirred memories of the disappointment I felt when we left his home after the weekend we spent together.  Recollections of that weekend brought feelings of happiness and excitement to the situation when I realised that the threat meant I would have Boden all to myself, every waking moment, and there would never be any need for us to be apart again.  Bernice was forcing us together, not apart.  The change in scenery served its purpose.  I managed to put our plans into a better perspective and was prepared to face what we needed to do. 
After dinner, we went back to the apartment to wait for Charlotte.  Unfortunately, when we arrived she had already returned with Ben in tow.
 “Hey you two?”  Charlotte greeted from the sofa, waving her hand in the air, whilst she watched TV with Ben.  Ben didn’t bother to acknowledge us at all.
“Oh hi, your back.  I see everything’s back to normal.”  I noted recognising the furniture had reappeared.  
Charlotte nodded with a distracted smile.  They both were absorbed in the TV programme and failed to notice my awkward body language and nervous fidgeting.  
“Summer has some news to tell you.”  Boden announced in his smooth charming voice, a tone too tempting to ignore.  
Charlotte switched off the TV and turned her attention back round to us.  Ben twisted around too, exhibiting a blank and disinterested expression.
Feeling awkward at the prospect of telling Charlotte in front of Ben, I blushed.  “Oh er . . . well Boden and I . . . erm . . . have decided to move in together.”  Nerves were getting the better of me and I was annoyed Boden had pushed me into doing this now and not in my own time when Ben wasn’t around.
“Wow, that’s great news.”  Charlotte smiled.  “Where?  I mean he’s more than welcome to move in here if you like?” she quickly added.  
Ben scowled.
“Thanks, that’s really kind of you, but I am going to move in with Boden.  .  .  This unfortunately means I will be leaving the shop too.”  I cringed and wrung my hands anxiously in anticipation of their reaction. 
“What?  No Summer, you can’t.  Boden’s house is so far away.  You’ll be isolated from everyone.  When-when are you planning on leaving?”  Charlotte looked horrified.  
I gulped and took a deep breath “Tomorrow.”
Charlotte leapt to her feet.  “Tomorrow?  That’s crazy.  You’ve been together three weeks Summer, and you’re going to give your whole life up to be with him?  Why so soon?  What’s the rush?”  Charlotte gasped shaking her head with disapproval and threw an annoyed glance at Boden.
“She’s right.”  Ben agreed with his face twisted into a mix of anger and irritation.  
“Charlotte, please calm down, I know it seems rushed and a bit of a whirlwind but I do love him more than anything and he feels the same about me.  I want to be with him and Boden’s home is huge so it makes more sense for me to move in with him.  What’s the point in waiting when we’re both so sure of how we feel . . . And there’s plenty of room so you and Lauryn can come and visit as often as you want.  Can’t they Boden?”  I insisted, looking at him for reassurance.
Boden nodded and smiled.
“That’s not the point Summer.  I know I encouraged you to move on, but this is lightening pace.”  Charlotte protested whilst Ben threw her a furious glare.  “Why are you giving up your whole life for him?  Why is he asking you to do this?”  Charlotte argued showing no thought for Boden’s feelings.
“Charlotte please don’t make this harder than it already is.”
“If it’s so hard then why do it?”  She retorted.
“I love him.  I want a new start.  I need to get away from here.  You and Ben are together, I’m fine with it but it’s still uncomfortable.  It must be for you.  I want space between my past and future.  Boden’s my future.  Yes, it’s all happened fast, but that doesn’t mean it’s not meant to be.  I don’t want to leave on bad terms.  I want you to be happy for me.”  I pleaded struggling to hold back my tears.
Boden stroked my back with his warm hand.  “It's late, Summer’s got a big day ahead of her tomorrow, let’s talk some more in the morning when everyone’s had a chance to calm down and digest it.”  Boden suggested, rescuing me from the uncomfortable conversation.  
I hadn’t noticed but Ben had disappeared out of the room.  Charlotte froze and stared at Boden with incomprehension and disbelief.  I couldn’t think what else to say.  Charlotte’s anger and frustration shocked me.  I thought she would understand.  She knew how intense my feelings were and how much I needed him yet she shook her head in disapproval.  Boden put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me gently towards my room before Charlotte could find the words to argue.  
“Rip it off like a plaster?  It was best to get it over with.”  He justified using my thoughts from earlier.
“Tell me how bad that went.”  I asked quietly.
“They’re going to miss you, they don’t want you to leave for selfish reasons because they love you, but they also just want to make sure you’re happy and safe.”  Boden replied.
“You’re editing aren’t you.”  I accused gratefully.
“Perhaps a little, but that’s the gist of it.  Please don’t be upset.  It was a shock.”  Boden whispered.
Once we reached my room, Boden drew my hair from the back of my neck and began to caress it with delicate kisses capturing me under his spell.  As his hand moved under my T-shirt, my mind emptied of everything other than the feel of his touch.  In the background loud muffled voices flurried, but they faded away as I drifted blissfully into rapture with Boden.
The next morning when I awoke, Charlotte and Ben had already left the apartment, which troubled me.  Charlotte was hurt and worried about my announcement last night and I wanted to talk to her again this morning to allay her concerns a little – at least.  Ben would not have taken the news well but there was little I could do about him. 
My first task in preparation of my departure was to resign from my job.  I wanted to get it out of the way as soon as possible.  The thought of seeing Bernice terrified me, however, I needed to make things appear as normal as possible.  I had no doubt in my mind that Bernice would know exactly what Boden and I were up to, but for Charlotte and Lauryn’s sake it needed to seem natural.
Before Boden and I left for town, I called Lauryn to tell her the news.  The lack of surprise in her tone exposed Charlotte’s tip off.  However, Lauryn didn’t freak out or tell me I was making a mistake, instead she congratulated me and wished us happiness.  She understood our love for one and other because she felt the same about Gabriel. 
Boden grinned at me.  “So we’ve got a lunch date then?” 
I pushed my mobile into my pocket.  “Yes, you don’t mind do you?  I’d like to see her before I leave.” 
“Of course not.  Remember that it is not forever Summer.  They can come and visit you and you can visit them.  It’s just safer to put some distance between us and Bernice for the time being.”
“I know.”  I sighed.
“I suspect Bee will be at her shop this morning, but I’ll be with you so don’t be afraid.  We’ll get this over with and then head over to meet Lauryn okay?”
I nodded.  I felt sick to the pit of my stomach.
Boden drove us into town and escorted me down to the ‘The Little Fashion Boutique’.  Without him, I wouldn’t have made it through the door before my knees buckled beneath me.  This would be the first time I would see Bernice knowing her true identity and the complicated history between her and Boden.  
When we arrived outside the shop, I took a deep breath and braced myself.  Charlotte stood at the counter with Ben in front of her.  My heart sank; this would be difficult enough without him watching me.  Ben knew me better than I knew myself.  
It seemed apparent to me as we approached the shop entrance that the pair of them were coming to the end of a heated argument and when we walked through the door they both tensed up, even though Charlotte forced a smile and Ben flashed us a sarcastic smirk as he leant casually on the counter in front of her.
“Hi Charlotte, is Bernice here?”  I asked waving my resignation; Charlotte nodded her head and sighed.  “I’ll go and get her.” 
That left the three of us in an uncomfortable silence, not helped by Ben and Boden glowering at each other.  I turned my back toward Ben’s disapproving eyes and clung to Boden’s arm to stop myself from shaking.
After a few moments, Bernice floated down the stairs behind Charlotte in a revealing sheer black halter neck dress.  I lunged forward a little too urgently and shoved my resignation letter at Bernice. 
 “I’m sorry to leave you in the lurch, but Boden asked me to move in with him.”  I explained quickly before my voice had time to shake.
“Bo you are a naughty boy, stealing away my staff.”  Bernice tutted, waving her slender finger in the air.  “I don’t blame you Summer he is an extremely desirable catch.  Did he tell you we know each other from way back?”
I nodded with a forced smile.  Bernice moved closer towards me and placed her long white hands on my shoulders kissing the air either side of my face.  I froze with terror.  Boden crept his arm around my waist to reassure me that I wasn’t in any danger, despite her close proximity.
“Summer, you don’t mind if I borrow him for a moment do you?  Bo darling would you mind popping upstairs with me, there’s something I want to give you before you leave.”  Bernice asked wryly. 
Boden gently kissed my cheek.  “Don’t fret I’ll be back in a flash.”
My smile slipped as soon as he followed Bernice up the stairs.    
“Are you okay?  Are you sure about this?  Do you really have to leave so soon?”  Charlotte whispered urgently before she passed me a pink floral gift box containing all my things.
“Boden doesn’t see the point in waiting, he wants us to be together and I want that too.  Besides I was only meant to stay with you a couple of nights, not months.”  I smiled hiding the sadness rising in my throat.
“But what are you going to do for money, what if it doesn’t work out.  You’re so far away.  Alone.” 
“I still have some money left over from the sale of my parent’s house and Boden has offered to help until I find a job closer to home.  I wish I could make you see that this is what I want.  I promise I will come back to see everyone and you must come and visit me.”  I insisted struggling to conceal the sorrow in my voice. 
I would miss Charlotte the most.  She had replaced Ben as my closest confidant and most trusted friend.  I regretted neglecting her since meeting Boden, but once I settled in I would ensure I made it up to her.
“I think you’re making a big mistake.  He’s dangerous and you’re stupid for not seeing it.  You don’t look happy to be leaving – you look terrified.  Are you just running away from me?”  Ben spat.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.  Why aren’t you at work anyway?”  I snapped at him with narrowed eyes.  He read me almost too well.  I wished Ben could be more amicable and more like my old Ben, but I hurt him too deeply to deserve that.
Boden reappeared again without Bernice and took my box of things so that I could say my goodbyes to Charlotte.
“I’ve got to go now we’re meeting Lauryn and Gabriel for lunch to say goodbye to them.  Thank you so much for everything; you’ve been such a great friend to me.  Will you come and see us off later at home?”  Tears streamed down my face.
“I’m sorry about last night; I’ll just miss you that’s all.”  Charlotte sniffed and hugged me goodbye.
“Hey?  Don’t I get a proper goodbye?  After all I am still technically your husband.”  Ben teased.  
I glanced at Boden apologetically.  ‘I need to do this.  Closure.’  I thought.
I walked over to hug Ben who stood across at the far side of the shop.  “Goodbye.  Make it work between you and Charlotte.”  I whispered.  
His tender kiss lingered on my cheek.  “I love you.  It’s always going to be you.  It’s still not over.”  He warned in a low whisper against my ear, believing neither Boden nor Charlotte could hear him whilst they stood over by the door.  
I shook my head at his deplorable stubbornness and rejoined Boden who held the door open showing off a satisfied grin.  I gave Charlotte one last hug and then we left to meet Lauryn and Gabriel.
The new beginning seemed inevitable.  Soon I would have a new home and a new life, but most important of all I would have Boden and that was all that mattered to me.  
After lunch, Boden and I returned to the apartment to pack up all my things.  The lack of belongings I brought with me when I left Ben seemed sad.  My life only amounted to a couple of boxes and bags.  
Whilst Boden carried my things down to the car, I checked around my room one last time and found the necklace Ben had given me for my twenty first birthday at the back of an empty drawer.  It stirred up a sense of loss inside.  The necklace symbolised false hope for a friendship that died a long time ago.  One that couldn't be resurrected because of too much hurt inflicted on each other.  Ben had been such a significant part of my life and now he would disappear into my memory.  A couple of tears escaped as I returned the necklace to where I found it and closed the drawer.  Boden cleared his throat as he stood at the door.  He was watching me.
My back was to him. “What did Bernice want?”  I asked to distract him so that I could wipe the tears from my cheeks, before I faced him.
“Nothing for you to worry about.”  Boden dismissed.  “Are you ready?” 
“Yes, I think so.  Charlotte’s just text me.  Bernice has left her to lock up and sort the stock she brought back with her, so she won’t be back in time.  I think Bernice has done it on purpose.”  I muttered and twisted around to see him.  “Boden please don’t keep things from me, it really isn’t fair when I don’t have the same ability.” 
“I’m not; it was Bee playing mind games.  Like I said nothing for you to worry about.  Trust me.  We need to leave.  We shouldn’t wait any longer.  You can give Charlotte a call on the way home.  I’ll give you a moment and see you at the car.”  Boden kissed my head and disappeared from the apartment.
I left my room and wandered around the apartment for one last time taking it in before placing my keys on the kitchen table.  Sorrow washed over me.  This had been my sanctuary, my home after Ben and it was hard to leave.  
Once I closed the door behind me, I hurried down to the car park to meet Boden who was lifting my last bag on to the back seat of his Cayenne when I approached.   
“Ready?”  His warm smile comforted me.
“Sum?” a voice shouted from across the car park. 
I recognised the voice.  It belonged to Ben.  At first I hoped Charlotte had got off early and he’d come with her to say goodbye so I began to walk away from Boden to meet them, but Boden caught hold of my arm. 
“What?  What is it?”  I asked surprised.
“Ben’s not alone and he’s not with Charlotte.”  Boden warned staring towards a dark corner across the car park.
I glanced over in the same direction and found Ben emerging out of the shadows, closely followed by five or six of his mates.   
 “Boden, please come on lets go.”  I ushered in panic and tugged at his arm but Boden shook his head.
“No.  He needs to be told.”  He refused in a harsh whisper.
 “I want a word Sum.”  Ben demanded leaving my name echoing eerily around the car park.
“Then let me tell him, let me sort this out.  I don’t want any trouble.”  I whispered urgently to Boden.
“No.  You wait here.  I want a word with him.”  Boden seethed.
 “Sum.  I can’t let you leave.  He and I need to get a few things straight.  This is for your own good.”  Ben threatened.
“You are perfectly safe with me.  Stay here.”  Boden urged.  
He didn’t have to reassure me.  I was fully aware of the extent he would go to protect me.  That wasn’t what worried me.  “Boden no, don’t do this.  It’s what he wants.  Please let me deal with him.”  I pleaded.
Boden lifted me up onto the bonnet of his car and held my gaze for a moment.  His vibrant cobalt eyes were incredible and mesmerising.  A paralysing sensation of calm rushed over me.  My mind turned blank, and I forgot where I was.  Boden leaned forwards and kissed me with fervent vigour.
“Stay here.” He whispered and pulled away, leaving me held captive in a trance.
I could still hear the sound of everything around me but I couldn’t react to it.  I heard the chant of menacing bats tapping against the concrete floor in a feeble attempt to intimidate Boden and I could hear their exchange of words.
“Summer is leaving with me.  She has made this choice of her own free will and it is very clear she doesn’t want to be with you.  So let’s not be stupid boys and run along home.”  Boden responded in a patronising tone.
His imposing figure towered above every single one of them with his huge arms crossed against his chest.
Ben took a step forward and released a sarcastic chuckle.  “You see, here’s the thing, Summer is my wife and it is my duty to look after her and keep her safe.  I will not allow someone like you to take her away from me.  Now there are seven of us here, so unless you want to be beaten half to death or worse, I suggest that you bring her here to me and you disappear back to where ever it was you came from because whatever happens I’m not letting Sum leave here with you.”  Ben sneered.
Boden mirrored Ben’s chuckle, adding a chilling edge.  “Summer is mine.  You may have a worthless piece of paper that states she is your wife and possess the misguided belief that she is yours, but I think you’ll find she wants to be with me now.  I don’t see her running over to you, do you?  In fact she’s seems very content right where she is.  So why don’t you and your little friends disappear before I rip your heads off.”  Boden retorted allowing a growl to escape from deep within his chest. 
The sound rumbled through the car park like thunder and shattered my trance.  I slid off the car and ran over to them.  Boden didn’t turn around but his hand grabbed the front of my jumper and held me back.
“Get your hands off her.”  Ben shouted with genuine fear in his voice.
“It’s-okay-Ben, please just go Ben, please.  This is what I want.  I’m so sorry but I love Boden, I can’t exist without him.”  I whimpered.
“Listen to her if you want to walk out of here.”  Boden threatened and pushed me away sending me skidding across the floor back towards the car.  
Paul, one of Ben’s accomplices, attempted to rush over to me.  “I wouldn’t if I was you.”  Boden advised instantly blocking his path to me. 
 Meanwhile, Ben saw Boden’s distraction as his opportunity to attack him and swung his heavy metal baseball bat at Boden, but Boden caught it midair without taking his sinister glare off Paul.  I clambered to my feet and ran back over to them screaming, “Stop this now!”
“Summer stay back, you’ll get hurt.”  Boden growled and pushed Paul sending him toppling over into the others who collapsed to the floor like skittles.  Boden turned towards Ben and broke the metal bat in two.  I tried to push past Boden but he grabbed hold of my jumper again, only this time he looked at me.  His face radiated blind fury; his normally oceanic blue eyes, had transformed into a dark menacing shade of deep midnight whilst his beautiful features contorted into a menacing stare.  
“Will.  You.  Do.  As.  I.  Ask?”  Boden demanded, over pronouncing his words.
Whilst I stared at Boden in horror, I caught the tiniest flicker of something shiny in Ben’s hand as he lunged towards Boden.  I screamed but Boden burst into bellowing laughter.  Ben froze in shock.  The shiny object hit the floor, bent and misshapen.  Boden’s laughter quickly transformed into a ferocious roar.  He clutched Ben by the throat and lifted him clear off the floor, way above his head whilst Ben struggled, kicking his feet and spluttering.
“You stupid, pathetic reptile.  You can’t hurt me with a baseball bat or a feeble knife . . . But you, you are much more . . . Vitreous.”  Boden hissed and launched Ben several feet across the car park until Ben’s body smashed into the far wall and crashed to the floor in an unconscious heap.  
I stared in horror unable to believe my eyes whilst the fading sound of frantic footsteps echoed off the concrete walls around us after Ben’s accomplices fled in fear.
“Ben!”  I shrieked and attempted to wrestle free from Boden’s grip on my jumper to see how badly he’d been hurt.  
Boden said nothing and refused to release his grip.  I stared at him with pleading eyes but his face held its cold and unfeeling expression and instead he threw me over his shoulder and carried me to the car.  After he dropped me down into the passenger seat he disappeared in one rapid inhuman movement and reappeared next to me in the driver’s seat with the doors locked and the engine purring before the thought of escape could enter my mind.  Without a fleeting glance in my direction, Boden sped out of the car park at high speed leaving the sound of screeching wheels trailing behind us.
“Boden we have to go back, he’s hurt.”  I begged hysterically.  
Boden’s expressionless face ignored me and stared straight ahead at the road in front, driving as fast as his Cayenne would allow out of town.  
A memory of the night Ben showed me his bruises emerged in my mind.  After what I’d seen tonight, I knew Ben had told me the truth.  Was Boden more of a vampire than I feared?  Was I safe with him after all? 

* * * *

Chapter 7: Forbidden Fruit

‘YOU’RE BEHAVING LIKE a monster.  What have you done?  Let me out.  Let me out now!’  I screamed in my head, horrified by what I witnessed and doubting whether I knew him at all.
Boden brought the car to an abrupt halt and got out of the car without a word.  I froze.  Boden reappeared at the passenger door.  He yanked me out of the car and threw me over his shoulder as he marched into the empty fields at the roadside.  My heart sprinted into a rapid beat and I punched and kicked him like a wild horse, but of course, it made no impact.  
“Let go of me!  Put me down!”  I screamed.
Boden threw me on to the ground and pinned me down against the long damp grass.  “I am not a monster.  I have had to endure his hands all over you, his lurid thoughts about you and your feelings for him.  If I was a mere mortal, he would have killed me tonight.  He got what he deserved.  I didn’t kill him, but I should have.  I spared him for you.”  Boden ranted above me with his dark hair falling towards me shadowing his face.
“I-I-I . . .” I began but Boden hushed me with an irate kiss pinning me with no chance of escape.  My anger with both of them bubbled at the surface and yet his fiery kiss twisted my rage into burning desire.  
Boden ripped my jumper and t-shirt apart exposing my breasts. My nipples hardened against the cool air and the excitement raging through me whilst my core pulsed wantonly.
 “Summer, don’t you see you are letting him win if you doubt me, or doubt us.  I love you more than life itself.  I waited one hundred and twenty one years to have you again after searching the world for you . . .  Can’t you do this one thing for me and trust me, believe me when I say it was the least he deserved.”  He shouted breathlessly in between ferocious kisses with my wrists still pinned against the wet grass.
An insatiable frenzy enveloped me like never before.  His rough touch left scorching trails all over me.  When he entered me, the fire blazed inside me and I needed the angry thrust of his hips to satisfy me.  The intensity between us proved insatiable. Boden rolled us over so that I towered above him.  I gazed into my dark angel’s exquisite face whilst I traced the curve of his pecs and abs.  When Boden smiled back with satisfaction, I noticed his fangs for the first time as they glistened in the dusk light.  I sat upright in shock
“Summer?”  Boden gasped.  “I’m sorry.”
I was confused.  He looked more shocked than I did.  “You-you have fangs.” 
Boden closed his mouth.  When he opened it again to speak, they’d disappeared again.  “I’m sorry.  I lost too much control.  I’ve hurt you, I’m so sorry.”  Boden gawped at me in horror.
I looked down and examined my naked body.  Bite marks were strewn across my skin, but there was no blood just seared blemishes.
“Wh-wh-what happened?”  I questioned afraid of the scores of marks
Boden shook his head.  “I’ve hurt you.  I became intoxicated by the passion, I let too much of myself go.” 
“Did you . . .” I gulped.  “Did you drink my blood.” 
Boden lifted me off him and sat up.  “No, no.  No!  My hunger for you conquered my control.  My teeth grazed your skin and the traces of venom burned your . . . soft sweet scented skin.”  Boden stroked my face.  “But I haven’t fed on you.  I told you I don’t desire human blood.  I just don’t understand why your thoughts didn’t alert me, at least not until your shock when you noticed my teeth.  I don’t know why I didn’t stop before.”  He ranted, seemingly angry with the both of us.
“It’s okay.”  I soothed and moved closer to reach my arms around him.  “I lost control too.  The heat of the passion overpowered us both.  I’m fine, a little sore.”  I teased and raised my eyebrow playfully.
“No.  It’s not okay.  You have no idea what I could have done to you.  I shouldn’t lose control.  You are the most precious thing in my life and I’ve done this to you.”
“Boden.  I was there.  We were both incredibly angry and it charged the passion between us.  As you said, my thoughts didn’t distract you because I was embroiled in it with you.  I didn’t want it to stop and as soon as I became fearful, you did stop.  Doesn’t that tell you something?  It tells me you were in control and mindful of me.”
Boden sighed and passed me his T-shirt.  “Here put this on.  I’ll buy you some new clothes to replace those.” 
“I like wearing yours.  I enjoy the smell of you close to me against my skin.”  I smiled.
Boden gave me half a smile in return.  “Come-on let’s go home . . . And don’t worry about Ben, he’ll be fine.” 
The events of the day had taken their toll and I quickly fell asleep during the drive home.  My mind twisted into surreal nightmares about Ben, Boden and all of us being burning alive.  I woke up screaming.
 “Summer, shhhh you need to relax.  I am going to take excellent care of you from now on.  I promise.  You are safe now.  We’re home.”  He whispered.  
“What about Ben?”  I blurted out.
“I told you Ben will be fine.  He may need a bit of hospitalisation.  Two of his friends didn’t run too far away.  I could still hear their thoughts when we left.  Can we leave that subject alone now?”  Boden’s agitation sharpened his tone.
“Okay.”  I relented.  “So what time is it?”
“Three AM” Boden replied. 
 I yawned and lay back down against his bare chest.  ‘Boden, you frightened me today.’  I thought.
“What do you mean?”  Boden whispered, but he saw the memory replay in my mind.  “Oh. . .  I told you to wait by the car.  I didn’t want you to see that, but it had to be done Summer.  I won’t apologise for it.  You were never in danger of me.”
“I was furious with you.  I never thought I’d feel like that with you.”  I reflected.
“Summer, relationships aren’t perfect.  Not even immortal ones . . . It was our first argument.  I must say you are extremely sexy when you’re angry with me.  I quite enjoyed that.”  Boden chuckled but stopped and fell silent. 
I sat up to look at him to see what was wrong. 
“I am sorry for hurting you in the field . . .” 
“They don’t hurt me now.”  I reassured.
“That’s because they’ve healed.  Look.”  Boden lifted his t-shirt that I still wore.
“How?”  I gasped in amazement and ran my fingers over my skin to confirm what my tired eyes strained to see.
“The traces of venom; it burns and then heals.  I won’t let that happen again I promise.” 
I cuddled up close against his chest again.  “That’s a shame.  I rather enjoyed it.”  I whispered.
Whilst we lay in the dark wrapped around each other in thoughtful silence my breathing slowed and I slipped back into sleep.
Another vivid dream emerged from my deep subconscious.  I stood in the bright sunshine surrounded by a rainbow of wild flowers.  I could feel the warmth of the sun’s rays caressing my skin as I waited.  Out of the darkness my dark angel appeared and stepped forward into the light.  Unable to wait a moment longer, I rushed to meet him.  He knelt down and took my hand in his and made his proposal. I leapt up in happiness and flung my arms around his kneck and squealed with excitement as he twirled us both around and around until we fell to the ground laughing and kissing.   This dream was a happy antidote to the tortuous nightmares from earlier and I wondered whether I was smiling in my sleep. 
“Good dream huh?”  Boden whispered when I awoke to the invigorating morning sunshine.
“Yes, very good.”  I replied snuggling up to him. 
* * * *
If vampires and werewolves exist then perhaps, so do fairytale endings.  I hoped that would be true for Boden and me.
The first month of living together gave me an obscene amount of happiness and I slipped easily into our safe secluded bubble, forgetting the trouble with Ben, the threat of Bernice and Boden’s darker traits that revealed themselves before we left.  We spent almost every waking moment in each other’s company yet it still didn’t satisfy my craving for him.  Even my anxiety about his mind reading gift subsided and I began to talk to him more and more through my thoughts as the days passed. 
At first, Boden was keen to ensure I thought of the house as my home, especially considering he built it for us all those years ago.  He offered to have it redecorated and restyled in any way I wished, but I declined because I already loved his home.  It represented him and his long life.  There was nothing I would want to change.  Wherever we were together that would be home to me.  Our life seemed to fit together perfectly.
Yet, a tiny part of me did miss my friends and even my job; both had remained the only stable presence in my life since my parents died.  Charlotte and I spoke on the phone a few times but it wasn’t the same as before.  She first called a couple of days after we left to tell me that Ben had broken up with her.  At the time, I felt some relief that Ben's injuries weren't fatal but I was concerned for Charlotte.  She fell heavily for Ben and her loneliness resonated in her distant voice.  I have never known her to sound so troubled, but I guess with Lauryn and Gabriel wrapped up in each other and Boden and I miles away, she had no one close enough to pull her through the misery like she had done for me.  I needed to rectify that.
* * * *
A couple of weeks after I turned down Boden’s offer to redecorate the house, he announced he had a surprise for me.  One morning he got me up early and led me outside, carefully covering my eyes with his hand.  I shuffled down the steps and Boden directed me to reach out and feel for something in front of me.  A few steps forward and I touched a cool, hard, smooth curved object, that seemed to have no end.  
Boden kissed my cheek and took away his hand.  “Happy New Home!” He laughed.  My mouth fell wide open. “It's an SLR McLaren.”  He clarified, as if I didn’t understand what was stood in front of me.
“B-B-But, this is too much.  You’ve got to be joking.  You can’t have bought this for me.  Where did you get the . . .?”  Flabbergasted was a good word to describe how I felt.
“Summer, shush.  This is my thank you to you for lighting up my life again.  It’s only a small representation of the joy of having you here with me.”
“Wow.  You really didn’t need to do this.”  I grinned, filled with excited disbelief.
“I adore the freedom and exhilaration I experience when I’m a wolf racing across the ground, and although this doesn’t quite reach the speed I can, I hope it will provide you with a similar thrill and excitement.”
“I could just ride on you?” 
Boden opened the passenger door.  “You can-of course, whenever you wish, but in this you can be in control.  It’s different.”  He shrugged.
Despite the sentiment, Boden insisted on accompanying me whenever I drove the car under the guise of ensuring I could handle the powerful engine.  I hated to admit that without him I wouldn’t have been confident enough to push the speedometer past one hundred miles per hour let alone press the accelerator to the floor.  My heart pounded with the thrill and the danger of that one moment of loss of concentration which could catapult us off the empty road.  In reality Boden would never allow that to happen.  His reactions were beyond razor sharp to the point where he almost seemed psychic in his responsiveness.
Late one evening after we returned home from Boden’s tour of the area, during which, he pointed out various places we visited together in the late eighteen hundreds, I noticed I missed a call from Charlotte.  The answer phone message groaned with her depressed voice.  I couldn’t leave her on her own any longer.  I knew Boden would be reluctant to agree to me visiting her.  He would consider it too soon to be heading back there.  I had to try and find a compromise that suited everyone.    
‘Can I invite Charlotte over for the weekend, she sounds so lonely.  I feel like I have deserted her when she needs me the most.’  I thought when I placed the phone down on to the kitchen table.
“Of course, this is your home too Summer.  You can invite your friends over whenever you want.”  Boden agreed and wandered out of the kitchen into the sitting room.
 Charlotte didn’t drive and our home was expertly hidden within Lupus Forest.  Phase two.  An opportunity for me to show off my new car and pick her up.  However, that would require a large dose of persuasion to convince Boden it would be safe for me to go back there alone, even if I promised not to step outside of my new car.  I peered around the sitting room door.  Boden appeared to be lost in his newspaper whilst he sat on the sofa.  
“No Summer.  I will come with you, it’s not a good idea for you to go back there alone, Bee is still there, we can’t be complacent about this.”  His sudden response in his deep tone of voice made me jump.  “I’ll compromise with you, we can take the four by four and I’ll let you drive?”  Boden continued without bothering to look up from the article that he absorbed himself in.
Not the answer I wanted, but it was the one I expected.
“No. . .  Boden, please I’d like to do this.”  I argued aloud. 
I sauntered over to him and ran my hands gently through his hair from behind.  “You bought me a super sexy sports car.  You told me you wanted me to experience the thrill of freedom and being in control of the speed.  If you don’t allow me the opportunity what was the point?”  I pouted with exaggerated emphasis in my tone, “I’ll go straight to the flat; pick Charlotte up and then drive straight back.  Nowhere near the shop or town.”  I whispered brushing his ear with my lips whilst my hands slipped under his shirt and crept down over his chest.
“Hmmm. . .  Straight there and straight back, no diversions?”  He clarified, putting the newspaper down on the seat next to him.  
I eased around to the front of him and straddled across his lap.  
‘I promise.  If I leave first thing, I’ll be back for lunch time.’  I thought as I pressed my lips gently against his throat,
“Okay Summer, I give in. I don’t want to be accused of being over-possessive. But for the record it is against my better judgement.”  His agreement was reluctant, but he had agreed.  Boden made a swift movement and trapped me underneath him on the sofa. 
“Over-possessive?  You’ve stalked me for two life times, I think over-possessive is a given.  But thank you.  I know it’s difficult for you to loosen your protective grip on me, I don’t want to leave you either, but I did manage twenty one years without you.  Sort of.”  I teased pretending to pout again.  “I can’t become a scared victim, afraid to leave your shadow for the rest of my life.”
Boden rolled his paradisiacal eyes and kissed my throat.  “You are wicked using your allure on me Summer James.  It could be very dangerous.  Very dangerous indeed.  Remember what happened the last time I succumbed to my insatiable appetite for you.”  He teased flashing an impish glint in his eye.  Sometimes I wished he would again.
* * * *
The following Saturday I bounced out of bed early as the final moments of the night clung to the morning sky.  I bathed and dressed in super quick time, before going downstairs to grab some breakfast.  By the time I sat down to eat, Boden had returned from his night time hunting expedition.  
“Morning you.”  I welcomed as Boden strolled over and planted a fervent kiss on my lips causing my head to spin.
“Summer I wish you would let me come with you.  I promised to protect you.  I’ll let you drive and I’ll follow behind?” He appealed.
“No, Boden.  I’ve told you.  I won’t go anywhere near Bernice, the shop or town.  Besides she’s had five years to kill me, and as far as I’m aware, she hasn’t attempted it once.  I will not live in fear.  What sort of an existence would that be?  I’d rather be dead.”  I refused.  I’d fought to find my strength and independence when my world first crashed down around me and no matter how much I loved Boden, I needed to hold on to a piece of that even in his chimerical world.
“Okay, okay.  I can see your going to be stubborn about this.” 
“So did you have fun last night?”  I enquired, quickly changing the subject.
“A little.”  Boden murmured seeming distracted by something.
I refused to let him spook me and jumped down off the stool to grab my bag and keys.  “I’ll see you at lunch.”  I told him and blew him a kiss as I headed towards the front door.  
Before I reached it, he blocked my exit.  I pulled a face at him and shoved my hands on my hips.
“Be careful.  Keep your thoughts clear so I know where you are at all times.”  Boden cautioned in his soft velvet tone.  
“I promise.  I will be fine and I’ll be back soon.”  I reassured him.  “I’ve got my phone too.”
Boden smiled and took hold of my face, staring intensely into my eyes for a moment before he pressed a purposeful kiss to my lips.  He did it in such a way that it seemed as if he were savouring every detail of it.  “You know you are the most precious thing to me.  Take good care of yourself.  For me.”  Boden urged before allowing me to pass.  
The freedom of being out on my own released my wilder side and the drive invigorated me epecially when I accelerated far too fast down the winding country lanes.  Adrenalin pulsed through my veins.  Without Boden to step in if something went wrong, I was the one in control.  It felt so good. 
When I arrived, Charlotte met me outside the apartment block.  “Wow, nice ride.”  She admired.  “Boden is certainly looking after you isn’t he?  Where is he?  I thought you two were joined at the hip.”  She added in surprise.
“He’s back at home.  I wanted to give my present a proper test run.”  I giggled.  
Charlotte ran around to the passenger side and jumped into the car.  I took a steady drive home whilst we chatted and giggled about innocuous details of what we’d been up to.  After a time the conversation faltered and Charlotte fell silent.
“Is everything really okay?  Has Ben been in touch?” I asked gently. 
Charlotte shook her head.  “I’m fine.  I’ll get over it.”  She attempted to sound upbeat, but it didn’t fool me.  Her pale skin and lighter frame told a different story. 
“When you spoke to Ben did he mention anything about an argument between him and Boden the evening we left?”  I had not heard anything from Ben since that day, not one single text.  Unusual for him, but then again after what happened why would he want to speak to me ever again and even if he did Boden would be furious.
“No not exactly, but we argued about what he intended to do to stop you from going.”  Charlotte admitted sheepishly.
“You knew he was going to attack Boden and you didn’t think to warn me?”  I snapped in surprise.
“No!  He said nothing about attacking him.  He just said he was going to kind of scare him.”  Charlotte defended urgently.  “So what did happen?  He attacked Boden?  Were you okay?”
“Yes fine,  we were both fine, but Ben came off worse, but that’s not the point.” 
“I’m so sorry; I honestly didn’t think he’d go that far, but then he’s still in love with you and I guess he got desperate.  The reason he broke up with me is because when you left it dredged up his feelings for you and he said it felt like he’d lost you all over again.  It’s my own fault.  I knew Ben never accepted loosing you.  He’s always loved you above everything else, just like Boden does.  I just hoped in time, one day Ben would feel that way about me.”
“Ben’s always wanted what he can’t have, he doesn’t realise what’s good for him.”  I placated feeling a little guilty.  How could I be angry with her when I’ve got everything and she’s left alone and unhappy?
Charlotte gave me an awkward smile.  “Summer. . .  There’s something I haven’t told you . . . or at least I’ve not been entirely truthful with you.  I haven’t told anyone this.  I was too ashamed, but  . . . I’ve had feelings for Ben for a long time.  I envied the way he worshiped you unconditionally.  I’ve never really understood why you didn’t feel the same way about him . . .and it’s awful but I was relieved when you told me you’d left him-but you must believe me I didn’t do anything about my feelings until that weekend you first went away with Boden.  When Ben seemed interested in me, I was on cloud nine-yet guilty too.  That’s why I was hesitant to tell you about us.  Although I guess my retribution is that he’s never got over you anyway.”  Charlotte’s voice cracked and her eyes filled up with tears.  
A lump in my throat swelled.  
The last part of the journey remained quiet and thoughtful until we reached the wrought iron gates.  
“Summer, this really is in the middle of nowhere.  We’d never have found you if anything happened to you.”  Charlotte’s face faded to pale as she stared up to the gates.
I smiled and drove through up to the house.  “It’s lovely inside, it’s just the outside that looks like something out of a horror movie,” I giggled trying to put her at ease.
Boden opened the front door to greet us.  Once we reached the top of the steps Boden met Charlotte with a big welcoming hug and winked over to me.  
“I’ve made lunch for you both.  I’m sure you’re both a little hungry after that drive.”  Boden welcomed.
During lunch, Charlotte picked at her food and pushed it around the plate with her fork.  She politely gave short answers or nods when the conversation directed towards her, but she didn’t really participate.  Charlotte seemed far worse than I realised.
‘I don’t know what to do; Ben broke up with her because of me.’  I thought.  Boden stroked my back and subtly shook his head in response.
“Why don’t I allow you two ladies some privacy to catch up?  I’ll be upstairs painting if you need me.”  Boden offered.  
I nodded and smiled and Boden left us alone. 
“I admit his intensity towards you unsettled me at first, but he’s really thoughtful and I’ve never seen you so happy.”  Charlotte sighed.
“I know how lucky I am and I don’t deserve him one bit.”  I smiled, “C’mon what shall we do?  Would you like to go for a walk?” 
“That would be nice.”  Charlotte agreed.
We went for a long walk through the forest, I could navigate my way around the opening and perhaps a little further now, safe in the knowledge that Boden could rescue us in seconds even if I did manage to get us lost.  The autumn sun lit up the kaleidoscope of colours within the forest and the refreshing air spurred us on.  We didn’t discuss the raw subject of Ben any further.  
“Are you going to Lauryn and Gabriel’s wedding?  They’ve set a date for next March.”  Charlotte asked.
“Yes, she rang me last week.  I wouldn’t miss it for the world.”  I replied.
Charlotte’s face fell a little.
“How are your designs coming along?”  I asked attempting to divert the conversation somewhere more positive.
“I haven’t been able to face it.  I think I might travel for a bit after Lauryn’s wedding, get away and discover fresh inspiration, maybe.”  Her heavy words lacked enthusiasm.  
“I’m worried about you.  You seem so.  .well.  .  depressed?”
“Don’t worry, I’m fine.  Just lonely, I guess.  Lauryn has moved in with Gabriel, you’ve moved out to be with Boden and I’m alone without Ben.  It just makes the distance of the important people in my life more noticeable.  I don’t know what’s wrong with me . . . feeling sorry for myself I suppose but I’m struggling to shake it off.  Maybe I’ll go and stay with Dad for a couple of months, meet up with family and old friends.  Perhaps I’m not as independent as I thought.”  She forced a smile for my benefit.  
After a couple of hours when the temperature dropped with the fading light, we returned to the house.  I showed Charlotte up to her room and left her to take a bath.  Boden met me at the bottom of the stairs.
“She’ll get through it.  She’s lonely, but she loves you and wants to keep things strong between you.  Charlotte’s better off without him.  I told you he’s poison.”  Boden reassured me in his soothing tone, brushing wisps of my hair away from my cheek.
I smiled in response. “Ha I told you I’d be ok.”  I teased.  
“Yes you did.  You have no idea how difficult that was for me to let you go.”  He replied sternly.  “And you were reckless with your driving young lady.”
I laughed.  I felt rotten for teasing him, but I couldn’t help feeling pleased I proved my capability of venturing out on my own.  
“Anyway you are safely home now and I think I’m going to leave you two alone for the evening.  Charlotte has come to visit you.  She misses her friend and it will do you both some good to have some time together.  I’ll be out in the forest nearby.”  Boden added with the same distracted glaze in his eyes from earlier.
“Is everything okay?”
Boden smiled.   “Of course.  Just found something unusual that I want to take a closer look at.  I’ll tell you all about it later.” 
When Boden left to satisfy his curiosity, I sifted through his vast array of DVD’s to find something fun and uplifting to watch.  Charlotte arrived downstairs shortly afterwards and we chose some snacks and drinks together before getting comfortable on the sofa in front of the enormous TV.  
The unfamiliar sound of the doorbell interrupted the film half way through and startled me.  No-one ever came to the house, mostly because it was impossible to find but also because it was impossible to get through the enormous foreboding gates.  The doorbell rang a second time.
“Aren’t you going to get that?”  Charlotte mumbled lost in the film.
“Oh.  Yes.  I guess it’s probably Boden being polite.”  I replied with a frown.
I left the living room and crossed the hall to the front door.  The doorbell rang a third time.  It had to be Boden; there was no other possible alternative.  
With playful excitement, I peered around the door.  Only to find it wasn’t Boden stood behind the door.  
“Hello Summer.  Can I come in and talk to Charlotte?”  Ben requested in a peculiar formal manner.  He hardly ever called me Summer and his unfamiliar tone had a musical edge to it.  Ben’s appearance also seemed altered in a subtle way that I couldn’t quite explain and in fact he didn’t seem the same at all.
“How . . . how did you get in here?”  I asked with consternation.
“I saw Boden at the gate.  We had a chat and agreed to a truce.  Can I come in?”  Ben asked again.  
I froze, confused and wary of this strange Ben.  I heard Charlotte’s footsteps cross the hall from behind me.  
“Summer, is everything okay?”  Charlotte called appearing from behind me.
 “Ben?  What are you doing here?  Come in, come in.”  Charlotte ushered, welcoming him into my home as soon as she saw him.
“I’ll leave you two to it then.”  I offered, thinking of escaping out the door to find Boden.  
As soon as I turned to leave, Ben clutched my arm.  His hold was stronger than before and his hands were ice cold.  I couldn’t break free of him.
“Summer, please this is your house, you don’t need to leave.”  Ben replied in a polite tone with an underlying ripple of menace.  
Charlotte didn’t notice and tugged at Ben to follow her across the hall through to the sitting room.  Ben pulled me along with him refusing to release me until we reached the sofa.  His grip was like iron.
“Summer, sit here next to Charlotte.”  Ben instructed.
Unable to control the fear that began to shake inside my body I sat down next to Charlotte whilst Ben positioned himself in front of us on the small table.
“Look at this.  My two favourite ladies.”  Ben purred in an appealing tone.  He leaned forward and took Charlotte’s hand pulling her next to him onto the table.  Charlotte appeared to be oblivious to the terror emanating from me but then I noticed her eyes were fixed onto Ben as if she’d been spellbound by him.  I watched with fear whilst Ben stroked Charlotte’s face with the back of his hand.  “I’m sorry I broke up with you, but I’ve had some changes to deal with.”  He told her.  
His voice sent chills through me.  This was not my Ben.  Ben picked up Charlotte’s arm and pressed soft kisses along her skin, moving towards her shoulder.  
“Sum, it’s you I want.  It’s always been you since we were children.  Charlotte is sweet and she loves me, but she’s not you.”  Ben taunted in-between planting poisonous kisses on Charlotte who lay oblivious in his arms.
I shook my head in disbelief and wracked my brain for an excuse to find Boden before it was too late.  “I am supposed to  . . .er . . . meet Boden to prepare a surprise for Charlotte.”  I lied badly.
“Tut-tut.  Don’t lie to me Sum.  I know you too well.  I know you better than anyone.  Better than him. . .  Boden . . . Hmmm he’s not what he seems is he?  And neither is Bernice, she really surprised me.” 
“Ben I don’t know what you’re talking about and I-I’m not sure why you are acting like this, but none of this has anything to do with Charlotte.  She doesn’t know anything.  Please let her go and we can talk about the two of us.”  I hoped that if I could keep him talking it would give Boden more time to return home.
However, Ben’s eyes turned dark and venomous twisting his face into a vile creature with contorted evil features.  I gasped at the ugliness.  In my mind I screamed Boden’s name.  Where was he?  ‘Boden where are you?’  I screamed repeatedly in my head.  
Meanwhile, Charlotte just rested on Ben, expressionless and compliant.  The gnarled and deformed version of Ben opened his mouth revealing long acicular fangs, similar to the ones Boden had displayed, and then in a blur he sank them into Charlotte’s neck, biting and sucking into her skin in a state of euphoria. 
“NO!”  I screamed and rushed at Ben, but he pinned me against the sofa whilst he continued to maul Charlotte.  His nefarious eyes turned blood red whilst he repeatedly sliced his teeth into her neck.  Charlotte jolted with each new bite until she became limp.  
“Ben please, stop.  No!  This isn’t you.  You’re killing her.”  I cried in desperation as I watched the blood seep over her shoulder and spill down her back.  My eyes were transfixed on a single trickle of blood and I watched in disbelief as it dripped onto the cream rug below.  The monster in front of me personified evil.
Ben released me for an instant when the frenzy from the blood consumed him.  Something snapped inside me and I screamed aloud at the top of my voice.  I clambered away over the top of the sofa.  The fear unbalanced my co-ordination and I slipped and stumbled across the floor into the hall.  I heard a loud thump from behind and hesitated for a split second just before I reached for the front door.  The hesitation distracted me and within a blink Ben appeared between the front door and me.
“Right, now we can talk about us.”  He replied in a manner as if he just put the newspaper down to give me his full attention and not savaged my best friend.  I looked at him in utter horror.
 “Sum there’s nothing to be frightened of.  I’m going to look after you now.”  His promise sent a sinister chill shooting through my spine.  
“Wh-Wh-What?”  I spluttered.
“I’m rescuing you from him.  You don’t need to be frightened anymore.  I’m sorry you had to witness that, but that was necessary.”  Ben gestured towards the sitting room.  “You see I need to control myself with you.  I love you.”  Although his face relaxed into the human facade, his eyes maintained their blood red glow.
“How-how  . . .?”  I spluttered again.
“How am I one of them?  Well, after your ape of a boyfriend half killed me, Bernice Cale found me.  She cured me, made me even stronger.  Strong enough to get you away from him.  She told me how he’s used some sort of mind control on you, but I’m here now I will look after you and keep you safe.”  The lust-crazed look in his eyes intensified.
Ben locked his hands around my arms and lifted me up to press a kiss against my lips with slow delicate precision.  His lips felt cold and sticky and my stomach lurched with repulsion to his touch. 
“No.  No!”  I struggled.  “I don’t want you.  I’ve never wanted you.  The thought of you touching me disgusts me.”  I ranted furiously at him.
“Sum, don’t be silly.  He’s brainwashed you.”  Ben chuckled.
“No he hasn’t.  When he’s in the same room as me all I can think about is how much I love him.  How much I want to feel his body against mine, inside me, all over me.  Do you know what I think when I’m in the same room as you?  Get me out of here.  You make my skin crawl.  I’ve never wanted you.  Not once.”  I spat cruelly, revolted by him.
Ben’s nefarious expression grew across his face but just as it seemed like my fate was sealed the front door exploded with a loud crashing and splintering sound.  Ben pulled me away across to the other side of the hall and we watched as an enormous black wolf emerged through the dust fog; appearing like the darkest hound from hell.  Its eyes were the deepest black and its growl roared thunderously through the house.  The wolf bared his razor sharp teeth, gnashing and snarling.  The shackles on its fur rose up giving the impression of a wolf twice its already gigantic size as it crouched down ready to attack.  Boden had arrived at last.
Ben stood motionless, frozen in shock for a split second, but soon composed himself and refused to let go of me.  Boden launched at Ben, knocking him to the ground along with me in the process, however the impact forced Ben to let go of me.  I grabbed the chance to escape and scurried along the floor into the kitchen.  I hid inside an empty cupboard, closing the door as silently as possible.  
The sound of snarling, hissing and the snapping of teeth rang in my ears together with crashing of furniture and shattering objects.  When I covered my ears to shut out the noise my heart pounded noisily in my head.  The distant noises faded and for a short moment, I uncovered my ears to listen for any sign of movement.  At first, an empty silence filled the house until the sickening ripping and crunching sounds interrupted the eerie peace.  I curled up as tight as I could and placed my hands back over my head.  I began humming the lullaby my mum used to sing to me as a child in a futile and desperate attempt to drown everything out and make believe that what happened was a terrible nightmare that I would wake up from soon.    
After a while when I paused my humming, the sound of footsteps echoed nearby.  Panic ensued and I held my breath terrified that it might be Ben searching for me.  The cupboard door opened; slow and hesitant.  I squeezed my arms tightly around me and closed my eyes, too scared to face whoever it was.  A warm hand stroked my head and eased me out of the cupboard.  I peeked out of the corner of my eye.  Relief flooded over me, but the release purged a hysterical sobbing cry.
“Shhh.  its okay, it’s okay.”  Boden soothed holding me against his naked chest and calmly rocked me.  “It’s all over now.  I destroyed him.”
“It isn’t though is it?”  I screamed at him unable to uncurl myself from my foetal position.  “It’s all my fault, this is all my fault.  I brought her here.  I killed her.  I killed Ben.  Everyone who gets close to me is killed.  I’m cursed.”  I ranted and the tears streamed down my face.  “You, You are the dark angel who was sent to tempt me and I succumbed so easily.  You are my forbidden fruit and now I have tasted you I am living with the consequences.” 
Insanity whispered for me to follow it and I wanted to dive in to it unable to face my reality.  Boden put his hands on either side of my head and moved his face near to mine.  I tried to resist his eyes but their magnetic pull overpowered me.  He hypnotised me and then kissed me with his soft delicious lips.  His gentle touch injected calm through me until everything went black.
* * * *
A comforting sensation of floating enveloped me until my subconscious conjured up the dream of Boden and me in the Jewellery store again.  This dream, however took a different turn.  After the store, we strolled down the street until we arrived outside a tall white house with large stone steps leading up to a bright red front door.  Boden escorted me to the top of the steps and kissed me goodbye.  I watched him disappear down the street before I went inside.  The dream switched to later in the day when a maid passed me a note written on thick white paper. 
‘My darling, I have a surprise for you.  Meet me at the edge of the forest at five.  Forever yours Boden x’
More time passed and in the next scene, I snuck out of the house, and hurried down the street.  I wandered up to the edge of the forest to meet Boden, but I could not see him so I travelled into the forest a little to see if I could find him.  The dream grew darker and I lost my sense of direction and moved deeper into the forest.  I called out for Boden.  A palpable sense of fear surrounded me and strange noises grew louder and louder until I awoke screaming and crying.  
“Shh, it’s okay it’s just a dream.”  He whispered, pulling me in close to him.
‘Was it?  Or was it a memory?’  I thought confused by my own mind.
“A memory, perhaps.  Dislodged by the traumatic events this evening.”  He replied.
“Why weren’t you . . . there?”  My voice broke as tears rolled down my cheeks.  Unsure whether I was referring to today or then, but I felt inexplicably let down by him. 
“Summer.  I didn’t write that note.  Yes, I left you that day to prepare the house as a surprise, but you were supposed to be spending the rest of the weekend with your parents at a family function.  I decided to use the time apart to get our new home ready.  I had no reason to believe you were in any danger; you were supposed to be safe and occupied with your family.  I wouldn’t have written a note, I would have come to you.”  Boden explained in a sombre tone.
“Who then?  Who would write the note?”  I panicked.
“Summer, I’m not sure.”  He replied but I sensed he was lying this time.
“Oh my god no!”  I screamed “Charlotte, oh no Charlotte” I sobbed as the depraved memories resurfaced in abrupt detail.
 “Where were you today, why were you so far away?  Why did you let him in?”  I cried hysterically.
Boden waited a few moments before he answered. 
“Why would I let him in?  I despise him.  I’d sooner kill him. . .”  Boden grew angry and then calmed himself down again. “Tonight I ventured a little further than I should have, something sparked my curiosity and I followed it.  If I thought you were in any danger, do you think I would have left the house, let alone the grounds?  You know how protective I am of you.”
“What sparked your curiosity, was it Ben?”  I asked wiping tears from my eyes.
“No.  It wasn’t he.  As soon as I saw Ben in your mind, I raced home.  I deeply regret leaving you and I am incredibly sorry that I wasn’t in time to save Charlotte.  I won’t ever leave you unprotected again.”
“Why would Bernice turn him into an evil monster?”  I shouted.
“An opportunity to dispose of you without getting her hands dirty.”  Boden revealed.
“You-you said she wouldn’t do that.”  I cried.
“I underestimated her.”  Boden replied.
“But she must know how strong you are and that you would protect me at all cost?”  I cried confused.
“Of course she does, but I suspect she didn’t want to fill him in on that detail.  His surprise was genuine.  He did not expect to be staring down the nose at an oversized wolf.”  Boden chuckled to himself, but I couldn’t see the funny side.
“Why wouldn’t she tell him, she must have known you would kill him?” 
“I’m guessing she thought that being a new vampire he would be unable to control his bloodlust, and would accidentally kill you.  She couldn’t care less that I would destroy him in revenge afterwards.  I suspect he has been watching Charlotte, waiting for the opportunity to get to you.  When you picked her up, he probably saw that as his chance and followed you.  All he needed to do was be patient and wait.  However, Bee underestimated how much he loved you, he showed considerable restraint.”  Boden acknowledged.
“I should’ve let you drive me.  I-I don’t think I fully believed the threat.  I didn’t imagine how real it would be . . .”  I muttered.
“It wouldn’t have made any difference; he would still have followed. . . .  and I have a confession to make. . . I followed you to Charlotte’s.  Once you safely picked her up and left town, I went on ahead to meet you back at home.  New vampires take time to develop a scent.  I didn’t see him or even consider the possibility of it.  None of this is your fault Summer.”
“How are we going to explain what happened?  What are we going to do?  They’ll know she came here for the weekend.  How can I tell her father she was killed by a vampire?”
“Don’t worry.  It’s been taken care of.”  Boden replied stroking my head.  “Ben came looking for her remember?  Supposing she went back with him, but tragically on their way home they were killed in a terrible car crash along a dark winding unfamiliar country road?”
“What?”  I gasped with shock.
“It’s been taken care of.  No-one will ever suspect.”
I sobbed again.  My world had spiralled into a horror movie.  I lost Charlotte to my best friend who had turned into a fiendish monster, but worst of all everything that happened occurred because I fell in love with a dark angel.  It all became too much to digest.  My world went dark, but there were no dreams this time.
* * * *

Chapter 8: Closure

WHEN I AWOKE, a stranger stood over me with my wrist in his hand.  I attempted to search for Boden within my blurred surroundings.  My heart raced when I couldn’t find him.  
“She’ll be fine.  The sedation is wearing off now.  She just needs rest.  No excitement.”  The stranger instructed.  “It was tragic news.  After what happened to her parents this will have hit her extremely hard.”  The strange voice added with a heavy sigh.
Boden’s weight impressed on the bed next to me.  His warm hand took hold of mine.  “Okay thanks doctor, I’ll take good care of her.  Thank you for your time.”  Boden replied.  
His weight lifted off the bed and I listened to his footsteps approach the bedroom door with the doctor.  They whispered in voices too low for me to hear.  The door closed and the bed lowered again when Boden sat back down next to me.
“Hello my little sleepy head.”  He whispered, stroking my hair.
My throat scraped like sandpaper when I tried to swallow.  I smiled up to him; Water please I thought.  Boden reached over and put a cool glass against my lips.  What day is it?
“It’s Wednesday afternoon.”  He answered.  “You’ve been out cold for four days.”
“What was the Doctor talking about-car crash?”  I croaked 
“Shush doesn’t speak,”  Boden pressed his forefinger to my lips.
‘Boden!’  I shouted in my head, not allowing him to keep it from me. 
“Don’t you remember?  I told you it’s sorted.  They found the wreckage two days ago.  The bodies were burnt in the fire, unrecognisable.”  Boden explained.
Panic sent my heart accelerating again.
“Summer, look at me.”  He instructed.  
He positioned his head close above mine and stared into my eyes.  I was fully aware of what he was doing and relinquished my control willingly as the calm washed over me and his gentle kiss brought warm pacifying feelings to the surface.
Later that evening when I awoke again, I wanted to face up to what happened.  After all this was our home and I couldn’t spend my life upstairs and allow Bernice to ruin what happiness we had left.  I rose to my feet ready to embrace my planned defiance but a woozy sensation hit me from where I had grown weak from the medication and lack of food.  Boden caught me and swept me up into his arms.  I insisted he put me down again.  I didn’t want him to treat me like a delicate china doll.  He was overprotective enough already.
I shuffled along with one hand locked on to Boden and used the other to stead myself against the side of the wall.  It seemed to take forever to make our way along the hall and down the stairs.  However, when we eventually approached the last few steps my stomach twisted.  Fear of the waiting destruction in the next room crept up on me.  The vivid memories of that awful night waited in the shadows to attack me.  I took a deep breath and gripped on to the banister, bracing myself.
“Summer, I’ve got you, don’t be afraid.”  Boden whispered against my ear, sending tingles along my neck, distracting me for a moment.  Without thinking, I stepped forwards and descended the last few steps.  
To my surprise, the entrance hall appeared intact; crisp white walls, hid any hint of what happened.  The doors to the kitchen and sitting room were closed and the front door had been replaced with a perfect replica.
“It’s all been restored, re-decorated.  No-one would ever know what happened here.”  Boden re-assured.
Even if all the walls were clean and all the furniture replaced and sat in their proper places, my memory of that night and the grief that followed could not be erased so easily and neither could the guilt that they both died because I fell in love with a dark angel, my forbidden fruit. 

* * * *
Two weeks Later
“You look perfect.”  Boden whispered against my ear as he wrapped his comforting arms around me.
I half smiled in response to his compliment and appraised my reflection in the mirror.  I had chosen to wear a fitted black shift dress and blazer.  My blond hair rested on my shoulders.  I couldn’t decide whether it was more fitting to have my hair neatly tied up because its sunlight shade didn’t seem appropriate against the black material.  An utterly ridiculous thought, but the insignificant detail helped distract me from the reason for the day. 
On the other hand, Boden stood next to me dressed in his dashing black suit and tie with his hair secured at his neck, revealing the full beauty of his face and hypnotic blue eyes.  I wished we could hide here entangled until the gloomy day passed.
“Summer, it’s time.  We should get going now; but first there is something I want to give to you.”  Boden announced and then promptly vanished from the room.
I frowned, curious as to what he would want to give me right at this moment.  He returned in less than a minute clutching something behind his back.
“I hope this doesn’t upset you.  I thought it might be comforting.”  He warned preparing me for whatever he hid behind his back.
I smiled and walked towards him.  He brought the gift round to the front of him and held it up.  Tears rolled down my cheeks.  He had painted an exquisite picture of Charlotte and me laughing together.  He captured the smallest details that brought the painting to life, so much so, I could almost hear her laughter.
“Oh Boden, thank you so much.  It’s so perfect.  You are more than wonderful.”  I really didn’t deserve him.  
Boden set the picture down on the floor against the wall and gave me a warm comforting cuddle.  “Once you’ve decided where you would like it, I’ll hang it up for you.”  He whispered and kissed my hair.  “C’mon let’s get going.  Today is important for you to say goodbye and lay the past to rest.” Boden ushered me out of the bedroom and took me down to the front door.  
He had brought my car around to the front of the house.  Unfortunately, it stood as a blatant reminder of my part in Charlotte and Ben’s deaths.  I couldn’t shake the notion that if I had resisted Boden none of the terrible events would have taken place, yet there was no way I could give him up now.  My will was weak and I fell in far too deep to climb out and walk away now.
“I-I-I can’t go in that” I stuttered as my body shook with horror.  
“Summer, please?  None of this is your fault.  You love this car; you need to get back in the saddle.”  Boden replied with a crooked smile.  “I’ll drive.  I don’t expect you to run before you can walk.”  He added in encouragement.
I sighed and slowly lowered myself into the passenger seat.  My body refused to still.  Whilst I sat down on the cool leather seat, Boden slid into the driver’s side.
He reached over stroked my face with his other hand.  “Summer, I love you more than anything and it hurts to see you distressed like this.  Please calm down.  I can always make you if you want?”  He teased.  “I will get you through this.”
The journey took longer than normal.  Boden usually drove as fast as the car would allow, but today he settled for the speed limit.  I was thankful for the extra time to come to terms with where we were going.  It would be a black day, two funerals in a single day, although to me one of them didn't deserve a funeral because they were a nefarious monster.  I continued the fight to come to terms with my emotions.  My lasting memory of Ben was a horrific evil creature that fed on my innocent friend and sucked the life out of her.  Boden attempted to persuade me to focus on the Ben I had loved whilst we were growing up and explained that once Bernice got hold of him, the Ben that I loved had already died, but I could not separate the two and I knew Boden’s words weren’t sincere at their heart.  He hated Ben; he always said he was poisonous and he was right.  Yet I had no choice, I had to attend his funeral for appearances sake because technically I was his widow and part of me needed to be certain that he really was gone and posed no further threat.  
Ben’s mother had never gotten over the breakup of our marriage.  She blamed me entirely and her resentment towards me continued to seethe, even though she had been led to believe that he had since fallen for Charlotte.  She emailed me the funeral details (apparently I didn’t warrant the formal invite) and she included her strict conditions for my attendance.  I was supposed to attend on my own, arrange my own transport, and sit away from the family.  I intended to comply with two out of the three.
When Boden and I arrived at the church, there were a handful of mourners waiting outside.  I gripped Boden’s hand as tightly as I could for support.
“Summer, I won’t leave your side ever again.  I vow to protect you forever and never let you down again.”  Boden promised in a low whisper.  
Truth was he did protect me; Charlotte’s life ended in tragedy not mine.
‘Oh god, this is so hard.’  I cried in my head as we stood outside the church.  The very same one Ben and I married in.  The sky turned a fittingly dark shade of grey and a cool wind whistled around the sides of the ancient church.  More people started arriving pausing to offer kind condolences.  Then the hearse pulled up followed by Ben’s parents and close family.   
His mother glared at us as she left the car and marched over to us with an expression that matched the sky.
“How could you bring him here to Ben’s funeral?”  She whispered rudely, barely bothering to disguise her disdain for Boden, but equally trying to avoid creating a scene.  “You are Ben’s widow, you should show more respect.”  
“Excuse me Mrs James, You are being unfair.  Summer and Ben have been separated for almost a year now and he too had moved on.  Summer asked me to support her on this very difficult and traumatic day and I am sure you won’t begrudge her that support.”  Boden mediated using his charm.
“Well . . . I suppose not.”  She agreed through gritted teeth and straightened her blazer before she headed off to greet the other mourners.
I smiled, filled with adoration for Boden.  I reached up and placed my hand on his face to pull him closer so that I could kiss his cheek. ‘You are my knight in shining armour.’  I cooed in my head.  ‘You were there for me that night, you saved me, you are my hero.’  I reassured him, aware of the extent to which he beat himself up over the thought of not protecting me when I needed him most.  It wasn’t fair on him.
Boden smiled.  “I love you, my darling.”
After Ben’s family disappeared inside the church, Boden and I walked over to the hearse and viewed the flowers surrounding the mahogany coffin.  ‘Is he in there?  Is he really dead?’  I questioned in my head.  It seemed surreal.  I expected my Ben to appear from the shadows with his smug grin and taunting jibes.
“There wouldn’t have been enough of him to fill a jam jar let alone a coffin.  But yes he is laid to rest, dead.”  Boden answered too bluntly, almost amused and it knotted up my stomach.
“Oh.”
We followed the remaining mourners into the church and sat on the opposite side to his family towards the back of the congregation as per Ben’s mother’s request.  The funeral seemed to last forever, various friends and family standing up at the pulpit giving eulogies.  Memories of Ben’s transformation into a sadistic vampire who sunk his teeth into my innocent friend played repeatedly in my mind.  Tears flowed from my eyes but not out of sadness, out of feelings of disgust at the trite words spoken about him.  My hate for him consumed me and I wanted to flee the church to escape.
“Summer, it will eat you up, thinking like that.  Remember your best friend and the good things he did for you.”  Boden suggested and tugged me in closer against him.  
Ben’s close circle of friends, some of whom had accompanied him on the night we left, were all sat together on the opposite side of the church, behind his family.  Their whispering distracted me.  When I looked over I caught them glaring at Boden.  I clung to Boden’s arm for security.  ‘What are they thinking?’
“Ignore them.  It’s nothing for you to worry about.”  Boden dismissed.
The whispering from Ben’s friends grew louder until one of Ben’s relatives turned around and silenced them.  Their preoccupation with Boden continued to unnerve me despite his reassurances.
The wind whistled around the church as we entered the daylight and the slow and silent congregation dispersed whilst Boden and I strolled back towards my car.  
“Would you like to go and get a hot drink before we make our way across town to Charlotte’s?”  Boden offered.
“That would be nice.”  I agreed.
“Summer, wait.”  Paul called and jogged towards me.  “Can I have a quick word?”
“Okay, sure.”  I agreed and glanced up at Boden.
“I’ll wait by the car.”  Boden smiled.
Paul ushered me a little further away from Boden, believing we would be out of earshot.  “Summer, are you okay?”
“It’s been really upsetting.”  I told him.
“No I don’t mean that.  I mean with him.  He hasn’t hurt you?”  Paul questioned urgently.
“No Paul.  He loves me.  He wouldn’t hurt me.” 
“Summer I was there remember?  I saw the terror in your face.  I want you to know, that with Ben gone.  I’m here for you.  I can help you.”
“Paul.  I was scared because I didn’t want anyone to get hurt.  I love Boden.  I don’t need rescuing.”  I insisted and looked over to Boden who still leant against the car.
“Okay.  I get it he’s only there.  Here’s my number.  Take it.  If you ever need me, you know how to get hold of me.  There’s something odd about him Summer.  Maybe you can’t see it, but I can and I’ll find out what it is.”  Paul whispered shoving a screwed up piece of paper into my hand. 
“Summer is everything okay?  We really need to be making a move.”  Boden called as he approached us.
“By Paul.  Thank you.”  I smiled and walked away to meet Boden. “What are we going to do?  I panicked as we walked together over to my car.
“There’s nothing to worry about.  He’s just clutching at straws.  He cares about you and feels it’s his duty to step in for Ben.”  He added, kissing my hair.  “Come on Summer, let’s go and get that drink.  Your hands are like ice.” 
* * * *
Charlotte’s grand scale funeral was a beautiful and lavish tribute to her.  Pastel flower arrangements filled the church, creating a bright and fragranced ambience.  It could easily have been mistaken for a wedding.  
Her Dad stood outside the entrance in pieces; his tears flowed like an endless river down his plump cheeks.  The guilt of how much pain I caused overwhelmed me.  I needed to apologise.
“I’m so sorry, she was so special. A wonderful friend.  She didn’t deserve to die like that”  I apologised with tears pouring from my eyes.  “I am going to miss her so much.”
Charlotte's father nodded, unaware of the truth.  He couldn’t speak.  Instead, he reached forward and hugged me for a short moment before Boden guided me away into the church towards where Lauryn and Gabriel sat.  I gave Lauryn a long hug.  We both cried, sobbing on one another’s shoulders.
“How did this morning go?”  Lauryn asked.
“Oh you know.”  I answered.
“Bernice is supposed to be coming this afternoon.”  Lauryn sniffed.
“What?”  I gasped.  The colour drained from my face.
“Bernice, she’s coming to the funeral.”  Lauryn replied too busy wiping her nose and dabbing her eyes to notice the horror on my face.
“Stay calm.  I’ll deal with it.”  Boden whispered into my ear too low for anyone else to hear.
‘Don’t leave me, you mustn’t leave me alone.’  I thought anxiously.
“Okay, okay.”  He placated, stroking my back with a tender touch. 
Once we sat down, I clung to his waist and rested my head against his chest for comfort.
Charlotte’s funeral played her favourite songs, displayed joyful photos of her childhood with special memories and funny stories attached.  It all conjured up angelic visions of her watching over us giving an uplifting and heavenly tribute to her.
Immersed in the service within the security of Boden’s arm, I hadn’t noticed Bernice arrive, but a strange chill nipped at my neck towards the end and persuaded me to turn around.  As I peered into the back of the church, her flaming red hair caught my eye.  She sat in the last pew at the back of the church wearing a large brimmed black hat, dark sunglasses and a burnt red dress with a cropped black jacket.  I tensed with fear.
“I’m aware she’s here, I heard her come in.  Please relax.”  Boden whispered.
Lauryn turned around too and noticed Bernice.  She waved discreetly at Bernice, but Bernice ignored her.  I suspected her gaze was fixed elsewhere.
“Wow.  She must be really upset, she’s not even removed her sunglasses.”  Lauryn remarked.
I couldn’t answer her, knowing what I knew, so I smiled felicitously at her, pretending to be absorbed in the service.
Once the service concluded, we followed the mourners out of the church, but Bernice had already disappeared.  It struck me as peculiar that she would appear and then vanish without speaking to anyone, especially Boden.  I feared what she might be planning this time.
Bernice’s reappearance and disappearance shook me up and I couldn’t stop thinking about her during the journey from the Church over to the hotel for Charlotte’s wake.  I wanted Boden to take me home, but he insisted we should show up for the pleasantries and assured me Bernice had gone.  I dreaded the thought of people whispering about us, discussing what happened.  I still didn’t feel strong enough to defend our carefully prepared story about that weekend despite Boden’s promise to make sure no-one interrogated me.
As soon as we entered the hall, the familiar fragrance from the church wafted past us leading us into the large room dressed with more of the vibrant flowers and ribbons whilst atmospheric classical music played in the background, allowing guests to talk or sit in thought.
After we gave our condolences to Charlotte’s family Boden and I found a quite table in the corner.  He rested his arm protectively over the back of my chair, running his fingers along my back.  The room filled up with guests including Lauryn and Gabriel who joined us shortly after they made their way through the gathering.  Lauryn and I reminisced about memories of the three of us together, shedding more tears whilst Gabriel and Boden chatted amongst themselves.  Before I realised the time, an hour had passed.   
“We’re going to get going now; we’ll come over and see you soon, yeah?”  Lauryn offered as her and Gabriel stood up to leave.
“Okay,” I smiled but my tears welled up again as I watched them leave.
While I searched through my handbag for a tissue, a familiar sinister voice spoke.  “Bo darling . . . and Summer.  How delightful to see you both and in such good health.”  The dark sentiment in her greeting sent chills through me.
“Bee, please have a seat.”  Boden replied with more charm than she deserved.
The terror grew inside me.  I gripped Boden’s leg beneath the table for reassurance.  He drew me in close against him in response.
“Your plan didn’t quite work out the way you wanted did it?”  Boden teased in a voice so low it was difficult for me to hear.  
“No not quite.  Not this time.  I’m having too much fun to stop now, although it was a shame to lose such a trusted employee.  What was she doing at your house?”  Bernice provoked. 
“Enlighten us.  What’s your next course of action Bee?”  Boden added feigning boredom with a hand gesture.
“That would spoil the surprise Bo.”  
Boden leant in towards her.  “Whatever it is Bee, you will fail.  Even if I lost her tomorrow I would rather spend an eternity alone than waste any more of my time with you.  You need to accept that fact and move on.  Find yourself a new companion.”  His tone remained as smooth as silk but his eyes oozed an abyss of hate.
 “Maybe at first you’ll feel that way and I’d understand that.  Because you see my darling Bo, you might be momentarily blinded by this human,” Bernice pointed towards me in disgust.  “ . . .But I know we are meant to be.  She’ll soon be gone naturally or unnaturally.  You need to accept that fact.  We are immortal Boden and eternity is a long time to be alone.”
The blood drained from my face when I heard her words.  They sounded so definite and so sure.
“Maybe she’ll become immortal too.”  Boden teased, shrugging his shoulders.
“Damn her soul to hell.  I doubt it.”  Bernice mocked.
Boden let out a mocking laugh and relaxed back into the chair for a moment holding her gaze.  “We’ll see. . .  Goodbye Bee.”  He added and stood up, pulling me to my feet with him. 
We walked around the table past her.  Suddenly in the next blink they both disappeared leaving a gust of air blowing through the room.  I was left to stand awkwardly at the table alone, yet no one else seemed to notice.  Unsure about what I should do, I fidgeted around inside my handbag to appear innocuous to any onlookers and hide my shaking hands. 
A moment later Boden reappeared at my side and kissed my hair.  “Summer, come-on let’s get you home.  You’ve fulfilled your duty.”
“What just happened?”  I gasped.
“Let’s get out of here first.”  Boden whispered as he ushered me across the room and outside to the car. 
 I think I held my breath from the moment Bernice sat down until the moment I slumped into the passenger seat.  As soon as the door closed I exhaled deeply and promptly burst into tears.  Boden appeared in the driver’s seat an instant later.  
“It’s never going to be over is it, how many more people are going to have to die because of me?  Why did she even turn up?”  My hysteria escalated.
“Summer, there’s nothing else she can do.  She just wants to frighten you off.  She is a beautiful woman who does not take rejection all that well.  You have got to stop blaming yourself and loose this ridiculous idea that you are cursed because you fell in love with me.”  Boden answered visibly frustrated.
“What happened then?  Why did you both disappear?”
“I needed to inflict a taste of what would happen if she attempted anything else again.”  Boden replied 
“What does that mean?”  I cried.
“Summer, don’t worry about that.”  Boden leaned across pacifying me with one of his calming kisses.  
I didn’t have the energy to press him further.  The journey home remained quiet.  Boden drove at top speed this time, so it took less than half the time to return home.  Although I calmed down, my mind continued to race with thoughts and memories.  Boden didn’t respond instead he allowed me the space to come to terms with what the day had brought to the surface.
“You wouldn’t really turn me into one of those monsters would you?”  I asked tentatively
“Don’t listen to what she says about the whole damned to hell theory.”
“So you are considering it?”  My heart began to escalate.
“Summer it was something I considered back in your former life and I can’t deny that I want nothing more than to spend eternity with you, but I also want it to be your choice when you’re ready.”
“I don’t . . . No . . . ever.”  I became hysterical.
Flashbacks of the blood dripping on to the cream rug charged my mind.  Boden leant over and kissed me, injecting his calm through me, sending my thoughts drifting somewhere else.
Since the night that Ben heinously killed Charlotte, I avoided the living room and the door remained shut.  Thanks to Boden’s calming effect when we arrived home, I thought I had the strength to face it this time.  Boden followed behind me aware of my intentions.  With a little hesitation I pushed open the door and peered inside the room.  The room had been transformed beyond its former state.  The colour scheme, furniture, even the way the room was arranged looked different.  Yet it made no difference.  It was still a room of tragic circumstances and I wasn’t ready to come to terms with what happened in there.  I closed the door without entering.
“Boden, I don’t think I can deal with all this trauma, I need normality.  No more talk of immortality or monsters.  My life has to get back on to an even keel before I go insane.  We’ve been wrapped up in this dark fairytale bubble and when it was just you and me it was perfect, but after what happened I feel I need to escape and find reality again.”  I confessed in a flurry of panic.
“I can understand that.”  Boden replied morosely.
“That doesn’t mean I don’t want to be with you, in truth I can’t bear to be without you, I am sure my heart would stop altogether, but I need this too.  Almost as much.”  I clarified.
“I see.”  He paused.  “Okay . . .  That’s settled then.”  Boden announced with rising enthusiasm.
“What?”  I asked confused and worried about what he may have decided.
“We need to get away.  You want to escape, so let’s do that.  We will have a holiday and go travelling . . . as a normal everyday couple.  No trauma, just quiet sedate reality, fresh scenery and lots of people.  No seclusion.”  He added becoming cheerful. 
Grateful for his understanding, I nodded with agreement hoping that this would help me move on.  

* * * * 
Chapter 9:  Getaway

Boden wasted no time in organising a holiday around Europe.  He planned the itinerary to ensure we would arrive back in time for Lauryn and Gabriel’s wedding at the end of March.  We were heading over to the airport only a couple of days after the funeral about to begin our rejuvenating holiday.
Firstly, we spent a month in France, visiting Paris, Bordeaux and Lyon.  Boden possessed boundless knowledge of the culture and sights and he had an extremely sexy aptitude for the French language.  I caught myself swooning every time he spoke.  
After France, we drove across to Italy.  Again, Boden spoke perfect Italian.  I found it fascinating to watch him converse without even the slightest hesitation; the Italian flowed out of him as if he had lived in Italy all of his life and with his dark hair and warm skin he blended in seamlessly with the natives. Almost.
Throughout our travels, we were careful to behave like an ordinary couple and mixed with other tourists at dinner or on sightseeing trips and Boden resisted his desire to keep us hidden away by booking us into luxurious hotels in city centres or busy resorts.  Although at night terrifying vivid nightmares of that desperately tragic night still haunted me, Boden always managed to soothe me in a way only he could.
During the day, we roamed through the streets and browsed through shop windows, or admired ancient architecture and sipped lattes in quaint coffee shops.  At night, we ventured out to bars or to the theatre to watch a play.  Boden would whisper the translation into my ear, but his sensual voice and caressing breath drove me wild, so we often left before the first interval.  
Yet wherever we were, we couldn’t hide from just how extraordinary Boden was with the evidence visible in every passing woman’s eyes.  His beauty bedazzled each one after the next and their jaws dropped as they passed by him.  I could only imagine what propositions they were thinking of, yet not once did I catch him return their flirtatious glances, or react in even the most subtle way.  Instead, no matter how attractive the women were, he maintained an intent gaze upon me as if we were the only two people in the world.  I struggled to believe that I deserved to be loved by someone as perfect as him.
I had such a wonderful time.  Boden bowed to my every wish, including never mentioning anything to do with the reason we were on holiday in the first place.  After a few weeks it seemed almost possible to forget why we came away and it no longer felt like we were pretending to be a normal everyday couple, because we were.  Almost. 
My favourite place was our trip to Florence to see the Uffizi Gallery, an amazingly beautiful and magnificent place.  I fell in awe of being in the presence of the world renowned art that I had only ever seen in books, Botticelli, Leonardo de Vinci, Michelangelo and countless others.  The paintings were spectacular and dramatic and the sculptures were mesmerising. 
“I love this place, I’ve visited it many times, since the late sixteen hundreds yet I never tire of the wonder of the collection of art exhibited here.”  Boden mused as we wandered through the hallway.
“I could spend an eternity in here.”  I agreed.
“We’ll come back again soon.  Milan is next on our tour.  I think I’d like to expose you to the opera.  You probably have a preconceived notion that it is going to be stuffy, but it is exceptionally moving and passionate.  I think you’d enjoy it immensely. . .  ” Boden pondered as if he wasn’t really speaking to me, just exposing his thoughts. “  . . . and of course Milan is the fashion capital so shopping is must.”  Boden smiled.
The final remnants of the dark heavy cloud that surrounded me drifted away as our tour of Italy drew to a close.  We spent our last day in Milan shopping in the Via Della Spiga searching for something extra special to give to Lauryn and Gabriel for a wedding present.
“Summer, you seem happier.  Your thoughts are becoming much brighter now.”  Boden noted as we perused the designer shops.
“I am much happier.  I feel safe again.  The darkness has definitely gone.”  I agreed beaming at him with affection.
“I was thinking of taking you to Germany after the New Year, to a place where I lived for many years.”  Boden’s suggestion seemed hesitant; he was still concerned about my recovery.
“That sounds lovely.”  I replied gazing into the Dolce & Cabana store window.
“It is where I lived when I first discovered I could hear you, but it is more secluded than where we’ve been staying.  It is deep within the Black Forest.  However, I’ve booked us into a nearby hotel, because my home there is not really suitable for you to stay overnight.”  Boden added. 
I understood why he was worried; he held concerns that the seclusion would bring back memories of home, but my strength had grown and I was coming to terms with what had happened.
“Okay, that sounds great.  Although I don’t understand - why wouldn’t your home be suitable?”  I asked confused.
“You’ll see.”  He replied with a cheeky crooked smile.
A brand New Year dawned as we left Italy travelling by car into Germany.  Later that morning, we arrived at a large hotel located next to a vast lake surrounded by breathtaking scenery with a tranquil atmosphere.  Boden checked us in, speaking fluently in German to the receptionist whilst I admired the traditional German décor and the remarkable paintings of the local area that hung on every wall.  The porter interrupted and beckoned me to go with him.  Boden joined me and we followed the porter up to our room.  As with every other hotel we stayed in on our trip, Boden booked the most expensive suite.
“You don’t have to waste all your money on these rooms.  It makes me feel kind of odd.  You don’t let me pay for anything.  People will think I’m after you for your money.”  I teased.
“Summer, it’s not a waste, you deserve the best.  Besides it’s been a long time since I’ve had anyone to spoil.  And I can hear what other people think and I assure you they do not think you’re with me for the money.”  He laughed.
“So how far away is your home from here?”  I asked, peering out of the window across the lake.
“A little further.  We’ll leave early tomorrow morning so that we can make the most of the light.  For today we’ll relax and do whatever you want.”  Boden replied. 
“I’ve had the best time visiting all the different places of interest and browsing round boutiques, however, today . . . All I want to do is . . . spend the time locked away alone with you.”  I sauntered over to him, removing my blouse as I walked.
Boden flashed a mischievous smile and met me in a blink.  He unhooked my bra, whilst I unbuttoned his shirt and smoothed my hands across his chest, taking in each curve of muscle.  He bent down and caressed my neck with his mouth sparking heated tingles everywhere.  I breathed heavily deeply aroused before he even moved down to tease my nipples with his tongue.  He unzipped my skirt which fell obediently to the floor.  My lace knickers weren’t given the same respect.  Boden simply tore them apart as I tangled my fingers in his hair to support me when my legs shook with desire.  Within a breath, Boden turned me and laid me on the bed.  Yet he took his time, trailing slow tortuous kisses along my ankle, up the inside of my knee towards the apex of my inner thighs gently stroking my hypersenstive skin with his tongue.  I moaned and panted, feeling every delicious touch as he caressed me and when he finally entered me with his tongue, I exploded, arching my body, pushing my hips towards him, eager to feel more.
   
The next morning Boden woke me before dawn.  Hotel room service had already silently delivered my breakfast to our room.  I sluggishly picked at the array of tempting food on the trolley, too tired to eat anything substantial.  Afterwards I trudged to the bathroom to wash before throwing on a clean jumper and jeans.  Boden seemed reticent, hardly saying a word to me, just throwing me the occasional smile as if to reassure me.  In the lobby, the hotel stood soothingly quiescent, except for skeleton staff performing early morning chores.  I trailed after Boden, rubbing my sleepy eyes and yawning despite the hum of tingles from last night’s fun continuing to flutter around my core.
Within only half an hour of starting out on our journey, the twisting uneven road and Boden’s ensuing silence lulled me back to sleep.  It wasn’t until much later when the clunking sound of the car going over a rickety bridge that I finally woke up with a start.  I peered out of the window, waiting for my tired eyes to focus.  As soon as they did I discovered we were heading towards a modest castle, crossing over a muddy moat via a wooden bridge that had clearly been weathered by the centuries.  The German renaissance style castle was built out of fiery red stone walls and had a tall circular tower in the centre with a smaller tower hidden behind it at the far end of the castle.  An enormous wooden gate guarded the entrance secured by a large burdensome bolt.
Boden eased the car to a stop in front of the castle.  He patted my knee and exited the car to open the gate.  Despite its appearance, Boden lifted the bolt with as much ease as if it were made of polystyrene.  He then shoved the gates, once, which groaned as they opened wide to allow us inside.  
Boden returned to the car and we rolled slowly over the cobbles into the court yard.  “Wait, here.  I need to close the gate.”  He smiled.
While he attended to the gates, I slid out of the car and twirled around gazing up at the red fortress leaning ominously over me under the radiant morning sky.  A quiet chorus of birds sang in the distance and the sound of trickling water drifted up from the moat.  It seemed to be a peaceful backdrop to the devilish castle.
“Parts of the castle are a little ruinous.  These first steps are not safe, so it would best for me to give you a piggy back.”  Boden suggested, as he led me by the hand to a side entrance.
The darkness spilled out from the doorway and the staircase looked cramped to say the least.  Boden lifted me on to his back and carried me up the tightly twisting staircase.  He moved so fast that it made me dizzy.  When we reached the first level of rooms and Boden lifted me down onto the cold stone floor, my legs were unsteady and forced me to stagger backwards against the wall until my head settled.  Perhaps I should have eaten a little more at breakfast.
While I gathered my composure Boden shot through the darkness to open up the shutters to allow the crisp January sunlight to flood the eerie room.  A large oak table filled the centre of the circular room.  It easily extended ten meters across in length and had two benches on either side.  It struck me that this place was not a home.  It was cold, stark and forboding.
“This is where you lived?”  I asked rubbing my arms for protection against the nipping air.
Boden was already in the midst of lighting a inside the large stone fireplace in the far wall.  “Yes.  As you can see, it’s not suitable for human guests.  It’s a bit er . .  . primitive for you.”  He smiled as he stood away from the growing fire and rubbed his hands on the backs of his jeans.  
“It too cold and harsh, like a-a proper vampire’s lair.”  I shuddered.
Boden laughed and beckoned me over to the fire.  “Proper Vampire’s Lair?”  He cocked an eyebrow and put his arm around me pulling me in close to the warmth of his side as we watched the flames dance.  “Don’t be silly, it’s just not what you’re used to.”  I’d amused him with my observation and his smile stayed in place.
“Is it haunted?”  I asked clinging a little tighter to him.
“It is a house much like any other.  It is very old, and true to its medieval origins.  I have lived here frequently during my life and I have never once seen a ghost.”  He chuckled.
“Why did you lock yourself away here?  The home you built for us is secluded, miles from anywhere, and it is warm and inviting, where as this – this is . . .—”  
“— A proper vampire’s laire?  You see Summer, isolation gives me peace.  Isolation allowed me to be alone with your thoughts.  The home I built for us represented what should have been and what I had lost.  It was too painful to be there.   After many years of searching for you I grew tired of the endless hum of other people’s puerile thoughts.  I grew increasingly frustrated with finding nothing to indicate you were alive again.  I became morose.  I wanted to be alone to wallow in my grief in peace.  I returned here.  My stark solitude.  But memories don’t just exist in things or places, they are burned into every thought inside my head.  I used my memories of you to piece together clues that might lead me to you. 
“The night when your thoughts broke the silence was the most amazing turning point for me.  I bathed in the divine and beautiful sound of you.  It almost drove me insane.  I desperately wanted to be with you, but I couldn’t and I daren’t close the distance in case the temptation overcame me.  I remained here and watched your life through your thoughts.  Being here without pollution from other people’s thoughts and knowing you were reborn and safe gave me a sense of peace for a while.”  Boden explained.
“Oh Boden I’m so sorry.”  I sighed.  “These last few weeks must have been awful, all those thoughts, all that noise.  I’m so sorry, I’ve been so selfish.” 
“No Summer, don’t think like that.  I’ve loved every moment of this trip. Being together, watching you grow a little happier each day, and getting to know each other again has been the best time of my life so far.”  He assured me.  “Besides I can tune the voices down to a murmur and focus on yours whenever I need to.”  He confessed.  
“You are too good for me.”  I whispered in disbelief.  “What did I do to deserve to be adored by someone like you?”
“By being you.  C’mon I’ll show you around.”  He said and grabbed a torch and lit it in the now roaring fire.
We moved through the castle peeking into mostly empty rooms, each one looking much like the other until we reached the top room of the central tower. 
 Boden paused outside the door.  “This room is where I spent most of my time.  What you are about to see may be a bit of a shock to you.  I’m not sure how you’ll react, I hope you’ll appreciate it for what it is.  It was the only way I could taper my desperate need to be with you.”  Boden cautioned very seriously.
I gulped down the anxiety brought on by Boden’s words of warning.  He let me step forward and open the door for myself.  I etched it slowly open, stupidly worrying that something might jump out of me, but that would be ridiculous.  As I stepped into the dark room, Boden followed in behind me and placed the torch into a sconce on the wall.  The room lit up.  It was strangely similar to one in our house because this room was also crowded with paintings.  An easel stood to the side surrounded by several pots of dried up paint with paintbrushes sticking out of them.  I peered around the room to examine the vast array of paintings, searching for what Boden had been so concerned about outside.  Then it became clear.  The paintings hanging and piled up around us were snapshots of my memories, way back to childhood and up through in to my teens.  They were extraordinary; the attention to detail meant they could have been mistaken for photographs.  The only exception were the blurry shapes of another person set in the background.  The memories depicted of those involved Ben.  He was always represented by the out of focus silhouette as if he could be easily erased.  I stepped closer to one and then the next to inspect each one thoroughly.  At first it felt odd to have all my memories in front of me in the form of paintings, almost as if the inside of my head had fallen out into the room, but then it excited me.
“Wow Boden, this is wonderful . . . amazing . . . unbelievable.”  I gushed.
“Really, you like it?”  My response pleased him.
“It’s just like a photo album of all my most special and private memories.  How could I not absolutely adore it?”  I cried.  
We spent the next few hours admiring the paintings and recalling my memories that inspired them.  Although I accepted that Boden knew every minute detail and more about me, I struggled with the fact that I still only knew such a small part of him.
When darkness fell over the castle, we left the picture room in the tower and began our descent down the frighteningly shadowy staircase.  Halfway down,  Boden abruptly tensed and stopped dead on the stairs.  I frowned at him and asked in my thoughts what the matter was.  He simply put his index finger to his lips, handed me the torch and gestured for me to stay put.  He then left me alone disappearing into the shadows without making the slightest sound.  Uncomfortable and feeling a little scared, I ignored his instructions and attempted to quietly descend the stairs too, but no matter how hard I tried, my footsteps echoed loudly.  When I accidentally dropped the torch sending it clattering down the uneven steps, Boden reappeared, wearing an annoyed expression and shook his head.  He said nothing and lifted me on to his back taking me with him to the first floor where the long oak table stood.  Boden sniffed the air as he placed me down behind him nudged me against the back wall to hide in the shadows.  
“Boden?  I‘ve been trying to track you down.”  A gruff voice called out through the dark fog.  All I could see was the embers from the fire we lit earlier.
“Chief?  What the hell are you doing here?”  Boden snapped, annoyed with his unannounced visitor.
“I need your help son.  The pack needs you.”  The stranger’s words were urgent with a tinge of desperation.
I crouched down on all fours, feeling it would be safer and quieter, and crawled forward to get a better look, now that my eyes were adjusting to the dark. 
“Ah-ha.  Is this who I think it is?”  The gruff voice asked.
“Yes, she is called Summer this time around.  You were right.”  Boden replied pulling me to my feet and flashed me what I thought was a playfully annoyed glance.
“Er hi?” I blushed, embarrassed by my feeble attempt to be inconspicuous.
The man with the gruff voice, stoked the fire, restoring it so that some light returned to the room.  I could then see the mature man stood in front of the fireplace.  His silvery grey hair framed his face and although his skin was beaten by time, his actual physique looked as strong and fit as any twenty something, better maybe.  I couldn’t help thinking that he looked like a wizard.  He didn’t give off a threatening vibe, but he definitely possessed an air of majesty and Boden seemed to respect for him.  
The two men stood still staring at each other from across the room with serious expressions.  I wondered whether the Chief was talking to Boden using his thoughts.  I shuffled and fidgeted in silence feeling a bit like a spare part in the room.  
The Chief nodded at Boden and then spoke to me. “Summer, it was lovely to meet you, I’m afraid I must go now.”  He announced and glanced back at Boden one more time, who reciprocated by nodding at him.
“Oh okay, nice to meet you too.”  I replied feeling awkward and like I had missed out on a vital conversation.
The Chief slipped out through the tiny window, but there was no splash, no sound at all in the moments after he disappeared from view.
Boden Sighed and grabbed my hand.  “Right Summer, we need to talk, but let’s get out of here first.  Get you back in the warm car.”  He forced a smile, but I could see the worry cutting through his expression.  This wasn’t going to be good.
On our return to the car I kept asking him in my head what had happed and what the matter was, but he didn’t answer.  When we were finally back in the car I asked him out loud.  “So come one, tell me.  What happened?  What did he tell you?” 
He sighed again and shook his head as he turned the engine on.  “He has asked me to return to Romania.  He wants me to help them.”  Boden replied soberly.
“Why what’s wrong?”  
“There’s trouble.  The pack is in difficulty and they need my help.”  Boden answered with careful and guarded words.
“You are torn aren’t you, but you’re going to help them anyway?”  I sighed sensing my bubble of happiness was about to burst.
 Boden nodded.  “I have little choice.  I owe them that much.”
“So, when?  When do you have to go?”  The thought of separation stung.
“Straight away . . . However, I can’t leave you on your own.  Bee is still a threat.  You are going to have to come with me . . . but they are in the throes of a war.  I will need to fight for them.  That means, that although I will take you with me, I will need to leave you in the Chief’s protection while I’m in battle.  I trust him Summer.  He will make sure you are safe.”  Boden explained.
“Fight?  What do you mean fight?”  I frowned.
“I don’t want to frighten you . . .  But I want you to be prepared.  The pack is at war with a . . . vampire coven, unusually large, some of the more experienced wolves have been injured and they need my help. . . .”  Boden trailed off, distracted by his own thoughts.
I gulped, the memory of Ben’s transformation into a demonic monster flashed through my mind.  Fear crept up my spine.  Images of countless vampires like Ben biting and tearing at Boden emerged.  I doubted my resilience to cope with the imminent threat.  These past few weeks emphasised the extent to which I valued and needed normality.
Boden stroked my hair as I rested against his chest during the drive back to the hotel.   I could tell he was lost in thought and surmised that he would probably welcome some peace in his head, so I tried to watch the road ahead, but he drove at a ridiculous speed along the narrow twisting roads and for once, it frightened me.  So, I averted my eyes down to my lap and tried to rid my mind of any thoughts so as not to distract him.
“Don’t do that.”  Boden whispered after a short while.
“What?”  I replied.
“Don’t block your thoughts from me.  They don’t distract me.  It is more distracting when you do that.”  He replied gently.
“Oh okay-sorry.  I thought you seemed like you needed to think things through.  I didn’t want to disturb you.”  I apologised.
“Summer, you are so thoughtful.”  He laughed.
 I waited in the car while Boden collected our belongings and checked us out of the hotel.  It only took him a matter of minutes and then we then we were on our way, travelling to Romania.  The normality we had created evaporated behind us and we were headed into the terrifying world of mythical monsters and beasts.  I just prayed my sanity would hold up.

* * * *
Chapter 10:  Betrayal
January: Carpathian Mountains

AFTER I PURGED my story to Mihai about how a normal human girl came to be sat in Carpathian talking to an injured werewolf, the emotion from reliving the traumatic events overwhelmed me and my flow of tears refused to stop. 
“ . . . .And here I am once again back in the middle of another extreme situation . . .” Sniff, Sniff.  “I’m still struggling to come to terms with the surreal reality that the vampire bitch my immortal boyfriend lived with turned my best friend into a monster who killed my other best friend.”  Sniff, Sniffi.  “Oh god it was such a disgusting and depraved act, yet I did nothing to stop him.  I just sat there like a pathetic terrified coward!”  I ranted tearfully.  “So Boden saved me and got rid of Ben, but Charlotte still lost her life and ultimately that was because of me!” 
Mihai stroked my hair softly.  “Boden needs to take better care of you.”  He whispered.
I wiped my tears with my sleeve.  “No, that’s not fair.  He does.  Boden has tried to give me back normality to help me forget and it’s been an amazing trip.”  I argued in defence of Boden.  “But, it’s just that the bubble has burst again already.  I’m not sure I’m cut out to be his true love.  Just when I thought I was coming to terms with everything, we had to come here so that he could fight vampires for you.  Every experience, every emotion  -  it is always an extreme.  I don’t know how much more I can cope with.  Everyone who gets close to me dies, maybe that’s why fate threw me together with Boden.  At least he won’t die because of me.”  I cried into my hands.  “He deserves so much better.”  I refused to let Mihai twist what had happened into Boden’s fault.  Boden had been my strength throughout this sorry mess.  
When Mihai didn’t respond, I paused and looked up at him.  He was appraising me and wore a deeply thoughtful expression.  My emotions took over again and I curled up hugging my knees and hiding my face in my arms.  I felt so embarrassed to be crying uncontrollably like this, but talking everything through brought all my emotions back up to the surface and there was nothing I could do to stop it.  Mihai shuffled closer and wrapped his arms around me.  A hug from Mihai, my boyfriend’s sworn enemy and a complete stranger to me, should have felt awkward, but it didn’t and instead his closeness actually comforted me and I found myself sinking into him. 
Just talking to him seemed to cleanse me somehow.  There were no details I had to withhold, like I would have done with Lauryn or anyone else, and he couldn’t read my mind like Boden.  In many ways talking to him had helped me to process what had happened.  I realised that with each heart breaking event, I had chosen to suppress my emotions so that I could keep moving forward.  Unlocking those memories again spilled it all out into one magnificent gush.  Boden knew me inside out, he held my every thought and every memory captive and therefore talking about it in any depth when he already knew my thoughts just never made sense, but saying it aloud to Mihai was refreshing.
“I’m sorry, I can’t believe I’ve told you all that.  I didn’t mean to...”  I said when I finally managed to control my tears.
“Hey there, don’t apologise.  I wanted to know. I asked you to tell me.  It does the soul good to confess.”  Mihai placated with a friendly smile and pressed my head against his chest making shushing noises. 
After a few minutes, it dawned on me just how secure Mihai was hugging me.  His strength was returning.
“You . . . you’ve healed some more?”  I stammered, pulling away from him.
“Yes, obviously, your presence is very soothing.”  Mihai noted with a cheeky smile.
I wiped my tears roughly with the sleeve of my jumper and stood up ready to make my exit, suddenly feeling self-conscious.  “Boring is probably a more appropriate description.  Well, I guess I’ve wasted enough of your time and I’d better let you rest some more so you can heal properly.”
Mihai stood up too and lit a lantern.  “No, you’re wrong.  You are revitalizing Summer James.  I’ve not felt so relaxed in a long time.”  Mihai smiled again, with genuine warmth.  “Please stay?” 
I dabbed my face in a futile attempt to reduce the swelling around my eyes and dragged my fingers through my hair.  “Okay, I’ll stop for a little longer.  And thanks, you know for listening to me go on and on and all that.  It’s helped me, I think.”  I sniffed and settled back down.  “Okay, so I’ve told you absolutely everything about me, what about you?  Tell me more about you.  Tell me about . . .  you and Marie?”  I asked, although I had already anticipated his refusal.
“Marie huh? . . .”  Mihai went quiet for a minute of two and then sighed.  “Well I suppose you should hear my side.  You probably consider me some sort of twisted monster after what Boden will no doubt have told you. . . .  And perhaps in some ways I am.”  Mihai muttered mulling over my request.
“No, I don’t think you’re a monster.  Maybe I did before I came here, but in this short amount of time, I can already see that you are thoughtful and kind, even if you do dislike Boden.”  I smiled.  “Over the last few months I’ve been around a monster or two and I’m pretty sure you aren’t one.  It probably sounds crazy but I am completely at ease with you.”  I reassured him.  “My instincts are not screaming run – yet.”
“Compliments.  Huh.  That’s pretty impressive I guess.”  Mihai replied smiling with sheepish embarrassment.  His bashful reaction contradicted his earlier arrogance.  “Okay then.  As it’s you and you’ve confessed your secrets to me, I’ll tell you my side of the story.”  Mihai agreed and took a deep intake of breath.  “Marie.  Marie was the most beautiful person inside and out I’d ever known.  Her thoughts were always so pure and selfless.  Many of the young wolves fell for her, including me.  Marie appeared to favour me above all the others.  We spent hours talking, laughing and enjoying each other’s thoughts.  After a while I finally plucked up the courage and sought our fathers’ blessing to ask her to marry me.”
“So who was Marie’s father?”  I interrupted.
“His name is Litovoi.”  Mihai answered.
“Litovoi?  I’ve met him.  He’s Boden’s Grandfather?”  I gasped.
“Mmhmm.  Back then vampires were much more prevalent, less careful and less civilised.”  Mihai explained.  “We were all under orders on a rota basis to guard the boundaries of our territory.  While I was mustering up the courage to ask Marie to marry me, I noticed subtle changes in her behaviour.  She would do things like volunteer to carry out the boundary duty at night.  Albeit a necessary task, it was monotonous, pacing up and down the line.  Most of us would do anything to get out of it.  Scouring for them, hunting them down in the open area was what we jumped at.  All of us, even female wolves.  That is our purpose for being here, so it was a little odd for her to volunteer to walk the line.  Then I noticed her thoughts become more and more guarded when she was in wolf form until she almost shut down completely.  At first I feared she had discovered my intentions towards her and didn’t feel the same so she was avoiding me.  I loved her.  I wanted to fix things between us.  That was what was most important to me.  One night a little before sunrise after Marie had yet again volunteered for boundary duty, I waited for the pack to return from the hunt and fall asleep so that Marie and I could talk in private.  I wanted to reassure her that if it she didn’t want our union, I wouldn’t order it. . .  I can do that you know?  As the son of the Chief it is up to me.”  Mihai cocked his eyebrow.
I rolled my eyes at him in fun.  It seemed obvious to me that although he was trying to lighten the tension his memory was building, the depth of love he still held for Marie glowed through his eyes and burned from within his words.  I pitied him for his loss.
“Marie didn’t return with the rest of the pack.  I was already anxious and that heighted it.  I transformed into wolf, to help me find her through her thoughts, but there was only silence.  I searched the boundary line, but there was no sign of her or any struggle.  I flew deeper through the forest frantic to find her scent but when I did it was crossed with the scent of a vampire.  Fearing the worst I tracked it until,”  Mihai paused and took another deep intake of breath.  “. . .  I found her Marie and the vampire hidden within a cluster of tightly knit trees.  They were locked in a passionate embrace, kissing as if their life depended on the other.”  Mihai paused again and bowed his head.  Even now the memories stung him.  I stroked his arm to offer what little comfort I could.  He took hold of my hand and cupped it in his before he continued.  “I am ashamed of what I did next, but you should understand that I was heartbroken and insanely jealous . . . So, what I did was, I ran back to the clearing and rounded up the other wolves.  I lied to them and told them that a vampire had attacked Marie.  When we arrived where I had found Marie and the vampire, her scent had drifted back towards the clearing, whilst the vampire’s still lingered around the trees.  I assumed he was waiting for her to return to him.  We didn’t hesitate.  We didn’t think.  We destroyed him.  Unfortunately, during the destruction, I sensed Marie transform and witness our actions.  I saw how those images crippled her with heartbreak.   I brought that pain on her and I will never ever forgive myself for inflicting her with that degree of torture.  I promise you I would never have harmed Marie, or her baby.  She didn’t have to run.  I know that my act of jealousy ultimately ended her life and I am tormented with regret, even now almost four hundred years later.”  His eyes glistened in the light from the lantern.  There was no question of his sincerity.
I hugged him just like he had hugged me when I needed it.  I felt sorry for him - for his loss, for his guilt and I knew in that moment that he was not the monster Boden thought he was.  It was clear Mihai just loved someone as deeply as Boden loved me.  I hoped that Boden was listening to my thoughts. 
I glanced at my watch in the dim light and just about managed to make out that it was almost eleven o’clock.  “I’m sorry I never meant to upset you.  It is getting late, I’d better leave you to rest now.”  
“Wait, you must be hungry?  Help me up and we’ll get some food over at the fire pit.”  Mihai offered.  “I’m starving.  Never mind rest.”  He laughed holding off his tears.
Admittedly, my stomach growled as soon as the word food was mentioned.  I helped Mihai to his feet and passed him the crutch that rested against the wall of his lodge.  He put one arm around my shoulders, and used the other to transfer some of his weight on to the crutch.  We hobbled together under the moonlight towards the fire pit.  
The Chief, Litovoi, and the twin girls I had see earlier were sat around the angry fire.  The flames bellowed into the air whilst skewered chickens cooked in the middle, spitting and crackling whilst they roasted.  Embarrassingly, the smell made my stomach grumble even louder.
“My son, you are looking better.”  The Chief noted when we approached. 
 I helped Mihai to sit down on the log and sat beside him.  Mihai didn’t remove his arm from around my shoulders and I didn’t mind because the heat he exuded created a barrier from the icy night air.
“I think you have been an excellent nurse maid, Summer.”  The Chief chuckled.  “Summer, let me introduce you to Adela and Luminita.  Girls, this is Boden’s mate.”
I smiled and nodded at the girls who were sat next to Litovoi.  He stared over at us, his unchanging expression appeared sinister in the glow from the fire.  The two girls giggled and whispered together on the opposite side.  Mihai smiled at them while I grew rapidly embarrassed by their reaction and tried to escape from under his arm, but he wouldn’t allow it.
“Summer, don’t be silly, you’ll freeze.  You are only human after all.”  Mihai whispered.  “Here eat this.”  He insisted passing me a bowl of roasted chicken and vegetables.
“Has there been any news?”  I asked in a loud voice whilst I eat.
“No, not yet.  It’s early.  These things take time and strategy.”  The Chief explained.
“How long do you think it will take?”  I asked anxiously.  
Mihai rubbed my arm and pulled me closer to him.
“I don’t know.  Boden is safe, you have nothing to fear and we will take good care of you.”  The Chief dismissed my concerns confidently, but I caught his punctuated glare at Mihai, who just chuckled and shook his head at his father.
Despite how delicious it tasted I only managed to pick at the meat, because my head was growing with anxious thoughts of Boden battling with several vampires.  After a while, the moonlight glow and the heat from Mihai encouraged me to feel drowsy and as I yawned I unconsciously slumped against him.
“Come; let me show you where you can sleep.”  The Chief interrupted disturbing my cosy rest.  
Mihai smiled and released me from under his arm exposing me to the night air that nipped viciously at me now that I had lost my protection.  I rose stiffly to my feet and gave an embarrassed wave to say good night to Mihai and the two girls.
The Chief escorted me to one of the lodges near to Mihai’s.  He hooked a lantern around a timber beam above us casting a cosy glow around the intimate lodge.  In comparison to Mihai’s sparse accommodation, this lodge had been given a luxury makeover.  The bed, although made of hay, was swamped by cowhide with several blankets piled up on top of it and a black sheepskin rug lay out in front on the floor.  A hand carved table and chairs stood on the other side with a colourful array of wildflowers splayed out inside a jug in the middle.  I moved a few steps forward to inhale their fragrance and discovered a small note; ‘Welcome to our home’ written in an old fashioned beautiful scribe. 
 “This used to be Marie’s.  Adela and Luminita thought you’d both like it in here.  They dressed it for you.  I’ll let you rest now.  If you get cold, please call out and we will find you some more blankets.” 
“Thank you, it’s lovely and very thoughtful.”  I smiled and the Chief nodded before he left me alone.
I found my rucksack resting against the far corner beside a smaller table holding a large bowl of water and a sponge.  I walked over to the bowl of water and dipped my fingertips into it.  The temperature of the warm water surprised me, but when my wrist brushed against the side of the ceramic bowl, it scolded my skin.  I washed before unpacking.  Boden insisted on packing several thick jumpers and I now understood why.  Relieved there were no mirrors to see how ridiculous I looked I put on another two jumpers and an extra pair of socks as well as my woolly hat and then brushed my teeth.  Midnight had long since passed and I wished that Boden could be here next to me, but I had to be patient and keep faith that he would return soon, unscathed and victorious.  After all, he was supposed to be indestructible. 
I unrolled my sleeping bag over the bed and climbed in.  The makeshift hay bed felt surprisingly comfortable.  I dragged the wool blankets over the top but the rough fibres pricked against my cheek, so I pushed them away.  Exhaustion from the travelling caught up with me and in no time at all, I had drifted off to sleep.  
Sometime later the howling wind disturbed me.  The lodge was pitch black and my body shook uncontrollably with the sound of my own chattering teeth growing louder and louder.  I curled up tighter and attempted to tune out the noise from my teeth so I could fall back to sleep.  As I drifted towards sleep again I thought I heard someone whisper my name from outside.
“Boden?”  My shaking hands couldn’t unzip my sleeping bag fast enough.
The door edged open.  “No, it’s Mihai.”
“Oh.”  I sighed a little disappointed but also a little pleased.
“Can I come in?” 
“Sure-ure.”   
Mihai hobbled through the door, still wearing next to nothing and holding a lantern.  “I could hear your teeth chattering from over the other side of the clearing.  You’ll catch pneumonia.  Let me lie beside you and I will keep you warm.”  He whispered.
“I-I-I’m not sure.”  I stuttered, unsure whether it was appropriate, yet desperate to feel some warmth again.
“I’m sure Boden wouldn’t want you to freeze.  We promised to look after you whilst he’s away.  He’s not going to be too happy with us if you die of hypothermia is he?” 
I nodded at him, too tired and too cold to protest any further.
“You should probably remove some layers first?”  Mihai advised raising his eyebrow, emphasising his smirk.  “Seriously, you will overheat with all of those clothes next to me.”  He added.  
I agreed to remove two jumpers, but insisted on staying inside the sleeping bag.  Mihai lay down next to me; his body radiated the heat level of a roaring fire.  I pushed my face against his burning chest.
“Do you know what’s happening?”  I whispered in the dark.
“Only what my father tells me.  I‘m not supposed to change until I am fully healed.”  He whispered back.
“It must be nice to have your privacy when you want it.”  I pondered.
“It’s not really private, because it’s still difficult to contain the thoughts when you are a wolf no matter how hard you try.  The peace is nice though I suppose.  It must be difficult for you knowing that Boden is always listening.”  Mihai added thoughtfully.
“I try not to think about it.”  I giggled when I realised what I’d said.  “What worries me most is that I won’t live up to his elevated perception of me.  I fear that he’s more in love with the perfect vision he has conjured up over the last one hundred and twenty one years instead of the flawed reality of me and I am certain I will disappoint him sooner or later.  Sometimes I think it would be nice for him not to know everything, where’s the mystery?  The surprise?”  I mused in a more sombre tone.
“Do you want to be like him?”  Mihai asked.
“What do you mean?”
“An immortal being – vampire perhaps?”
“A vampire!  No.  Never.”  I snapped in disgust.
“He wants to change you.  Do you know that he has asked my father for advice on the best way to do it?”  Mihai whispered.
“What?  No!  He would never . . . He knows how I feel.  You’re wrong.  We talked about it.”  I dismissed and turned over facing my back to him.  The thought was too terrifying to comprehend.  I pushed it as far as I could to the back of my mind.
“Okay, Okay.”  Mihai soothed putting his hot arm over me and nuzzling his head in my hair.
Mihai turned the lodge into a cosy retreat and his heat lulled me back to sleep. 

A chill awoke me in the bright morning sunshine.  Mihai had disappeared and I wondered whether I dreamt his visit last night, but I was lying on the bed without my sleeping bag, which had squished into a heap at the bottom of the bed.  I rubbed my arms and realised I had also removed my jumpers and they were now strewn over the black sheepskin rug on the floor.  I chuckled to myself.  Mihai was right I did overheat.  I washed and covered myself in fresh layers before I wandered outside.  The crisp morning air revived my sleepy eyes and gave me a boost of energy.  I decided to have a run around the clearing whilst no-one else was about.  I jogged several circles of the perimeter of the camp and thought about how much I missed Boden.  His absence left me feeling vulnerable again.  I had him at my side almost every moment of every day and now I spent almost twenty four hours without a word or glimpse from him.  It was different for him.  He could hear me and I could talk to him in my head, yet the conversation would always be one sided until he came back.
“Summer!”  Mihai called and distracted me.  “What are you doing?”
I ran over to him.  “Oh Morning Mihai.”  I panted.  “I just thought I’d burn some energy, there’s not much to do around here if you’re human.”  I giggled.
“Ha nonsense.  I’m still a little broken, but I could hobble down to the river and show you how to fish if you like?”  Mihai grinned.
“Oh, okay.  You don’t have to-I mean if it’s going to be difficult for you.  I’m sure I can amuse myself.”
“Don’t be silly.  I want to.”  Mihai replied.
Mihai found a sheltered spot along the riverbank to shield us from the icy wind.  He laid some blankets on the ground and lit a portable camping heater.  I stared at it for a moment.
“What’s up with you?”  Mihai nudged when he caught me staring.
“Oh, The heater . . .”
“Yes.  It’s a heater.  We’re not entirely uncivilised.  Luminita thought you might need it.”
“Oh, right.  I think I do.  I can’t quite get used to being outdoors so much in this climate.”  I replied rubbing my arms.  “Thank you for last night, by the way.  I doubt I would’ve got any sleep with my teeth chattering that loudly.”  I smiled.
“Anytime.  At least you have this heater now.  That will take the sting out of the air.  Right then today’s lesson is fishing.  Now normally I’d dive in and just catch the fish, but sometimes it’s nice to take your time and savour the anticipation of the chase.”  Mihai held my stare for longer than seemed comfortable and I felt the blood rush to my cheeks.  “So here you take this one.”  He continued and handed me over a homemade fishing rod.
Mihai and I sat for several hours by the riverbank with our homemade rods waiting for the fish to bite.  Mihai caught several fish, yet I only managed to hook one lonely fish and it was a third of the size of any of Mihai’s.  However that didn’t matter to me, I just enjoyed sitting next to him and listening to the flow of the river with the wind rustling through the trees or the sound of his voice softly chattering about the fish or the nature around us.  I enjoyed the freedom of the conversations, the surrounding peace and realised that for the first time in months I actually relaxed and thought about nothing.  
“Right Summer, I think that’s us done for today, the sun will set soon.  Let’s get these back so they can be grilled over the fire for tea.”  Mihai suggested and started to pack our things up.
“Thanks for today.  I’ve really enjoyed it.  I’ve never fished before.”  I smiled passing him his crutch.
Mihai mirrored my smile.  “Here you can put the heater in your lodge tonight to keep you warm.”
The sun hid behind the mountains during the walk back to camp casting a dull shadow over us.  As we walked along the riverbank, I didn’t notice a rock hiding in the grass until my foot clipped it and sent the rest of me hurtling forwards.  Mihai caught my arm but the heater flew out of my hands and into the river.
“Oh no, I’m so sorry.”  I gasped as soon as I head the splash.
“Hey, it’s okay it was an accident.  We can get you another one tomorrow.”
Great my clumsiness meant another freezing night and I didn’t look forward to that.
We returned to camp and hooked the fish over the fire pit.  Later they were cooked to perfection.  All of the remaining pack members; Mihai; his father; Litovoi; Luminita and Adela eat our spoils around the campfire and I listened to their talk of old legends and memories.  The heat from the fire encouraged drowsiness again and without thinking, I leant against Mihai and drifted off to sleep whilst their soothing voices sung their tales.
“Summer, wake up.”  Mihai whispered.
“No, I’m tired and warm.  I don’t want to move.”  I snuffled and burrowed in deeper against him.
“Summer it’s almost midnight, come-on let’s get you to bed.”
“Mihai, pass her here, I’ll carry her.”  A deep gruff voice insisted.  I felt the swaying movement but was too tired to open my eyes.
“Mihai leave her to sleep now.”  The deep gruff voice commanded in a sharper tone.
“No, she’ll freeze again.  We lost the heater in the river.  I’ll stay with her tonight and take her into the village tomorrow.”  Mihai whispered back in defiance.
I heard footsteps leave the hut and experienced the heat burn next to me again before I drifted off into my dreams until morning.
* * * *
The morning light shone through into the lodge buy it was the cold air that stirred me from my sleep again.  I sat up stiffly and stretched my tight muscles.  After I dragged my body out of the covers to wash and change.  Whilst I brushed my teeth, I heard the knock on my door.
“Come-in.” I called with a mouth full of toothpaste.
“Morning Summer, I’ve brought you some breakfast.  I thought we could eat together here whilst I tell you my plans for today.”  Mihai held a bowl of scrambled eggs and fruit piled in one hand.  He was actually fully dressed today, in very normal clothes, boots, jean, cotton shirt and jumper.
I quickly rinsed my mouth and dabbed it with the towel.  “That’s really sweet of you, thank you.  You don’t have to babysit me you know.”  I smiled.
Mihai sat down at the table.  “Nonsense.  Come eat.”  He beckoned.  “Today I thought we could take a short trip down to the nearest village to pick you up another heater and you can have a browse around the shops, we can grab some lunch, human style and then head back.”
“Mihai, you said you don’t like the villages.”  I laughed.
“Yes, well that’s when I have to go.  This is different, I want to take you.  Besides, you need a fire.  I can’t keep sleeping in here with you.  People will talk.”  Mihai winked.
“Okay, then that would be great.”  I agreed with a warm excited feeling inside.  “Thank you.”
“Fantastic.  I will leave you to finish up and then I will meet you over at the fire pit when you’re ready.”  He smiled.
“Mihai wait.  Has there been any news?  About Boden and the others I mean?”
“A little.  They are making good progress.  There have been no more losses for us and a number of the vampires have been destroyed.”
“That’s good.”  I smiled.  

* * * *
The crutch was no longer needed.  The only evidence of Mihai’s horrific injuries was his limp, but even that would disappear or so he told me.  We walked through the forest until we found a dirt track and followed that into the village.  It seemed to be less of a village and more of a tourist stop-off.  There were souvenir shops, cafes and bed and breakfasts, but that was the extent of it.  Mihai explained that there was an extensive camping store at the far end of the village, which sold absolutely everything you could ever think of in relation to exploring the outdoors. 
“We’ll pick the heater up last before we head back.  Let’s get you warmed up with a cup of tea first.”  Mihai grinned.
We entered a quaint tea shop with lace table cloths and bone china plates hanging on the wall.  It was eleven thirty and most of the tables were occupied.  When Mihai walked in behind me hushed gasps waved around the teashop.  I turned around to see what the matter was.  Although Mihai had a few more items of clothes on than I had been accustomed to, here amongst the everyday ordinary people, Mihai’s astonishing looks were extraordinary.  While Boden was darkly beautiful in a polished way, Mihai was raw and untamed.  His messy blonde hair and piercing green eyes stopped you in your tracks and his animal magnetism drew you to him.  The man screamed Alpha male. 
“Er, Summer, there’s a table over there in the corner.”  He whispered.
“Oh, yeah.  Okay.”  I stuttered feeling self-conscious from the sea of eyes gawping in our direction.
We shuffled through the closely-knit tables and claimed the one in the corner.
“Mihai, will you order me a tea, I need to, erm freshen up.”  I asked and shuffled back through the tables down towards the ladies bathroom.  
I hadn’t seen a mirror for several days.  The reaction of the customers towards Mihai, stirred my own vanity.  I wanted to tidy myself up.  I stared at my reflection.  I looked a little pale, but not as bad as I feared.  My hair looked tired and lacked its lustre.  I wished I could wash it.  Instead, I scraped it up and secured it in a band that I had left in my coat pocket.  Afterwards I unzipped my padded coat, shook it off.  I then removed my jumper and tied it around my waist.  My v-neck white T-shirt was form fitting and with my hair up I looked passable.  Who am I kidding? Nobody looks passable next to Mihai.
Mihai smiled as he watched me weave through the tables back to my seat.  “I’ve ordered.” He said, smiling a little broader at me.
The other customers were still trying to sneak subtle glances towards Mihai to confirm he really was there. I felt like we were in a goldfish bowl.
“You’ve tied you’re hair back.”  Mihai noted.
“Yes, I’m a bit of a mess.  Not cut out for living like this.  I need to wash it.”  I sighed.
“It suits you up like that.  It shows off your eyes.”  He appraised after he studied me with his intense eyes.
The sound of chattering china distracted us both.  We looked over towards the waitress approaching us.  Her hands shook spilling the tea into the saucer.  When I glanced up to her face, her eyes were transfixed on Mihai.  He encouraged her, flashing her a breath-taking swoon-inducing smile.  I thought the waitress would collapse in front of us, but she dropped the cups on to the table, and ran off into the kitchen panting and fanning herself.
“You are wicked.  You enjoy the attention don’t you?”  I teased.
“It is an ego boost, but no, not really.”  He winked.  “So we were talking about washing your hair weren’t we?”  He teased before flashing his swoon-inducing smile directly at me.  I gave him a knowing look and sipped my hot tea.
After the teashop, we wandered around the souvenir shops.  Each one filled with Dracula themed trinkets and stickers.  I don’t know how, considering what I knew, but the pair of us found them hilarious and we behaved like naughty school children sniggering and making fun of the bizarre gifts whilst the shop keepers threw annoyed glances and irritated sighs at us.  
Once we outstayed our welcome, we settled for lunch in one of the cafes before making our way over to the camping store for my heater.
“Oh my god, you are so much fun.  I’ve not laughed so much in ages.  I really did not expect you to be like this.”  I giggled as we strolled arm in arm towards the store.
“Just because I’m a werewolf  doesn’t mean I can’t have a wicked sense of humour.”  He replied raising his eyebrow in fun.
“I thought you’d be all stern and snarly, especially considering you are fighting off attacks from a swarm of vampires.”  I added with an exaggerated frown.
“Vampires are why we are here.  It’s our purpose.  I am a warrior.  Fighting them gives me my sense of worth in this world.”  Mihai stiffened and the atmosphere between us altered.
“You miss being with your pack don’t you?” 
“Yes they’re my brothers and sisters.  I am their true Alpha.  Of course I want to be the one leading them, protecting them, but for their sake I have to accept that Boden is the best alpha to do that at this point.  I’m still healing and I’m not as strong as I need to be.  He will end this.  Next time I’ll have my day.”  Mihai sounded resolute.  He expected more of these attacks.  I couldn’t imagine having to live for centuries anticipating the next devastating threat to your survival.  “There is always a next time.”
“I miss him enormously, but you’ve made the last couple of days a lot easier.  Thank you.  I’ve enjoyed getting to know you.”  I smiled “. . . and. . .  I’ll even miss you’re warmth tonight.”  I admitted with a grin in an attempt to brighten his mood and divert both our thoughts from the ongoing battle.
A twinkle glittered in his eyes and he grinned mischeviously.  “You know, we could always  . . . forget  . . .  the heater?”
“Ah but people will talk and you have your reputation to think of.”  I teased.
“Who cares what other people think.  To hell with them!”  Mihai shouted throwing his arms up in the air in an over animated gesture.  I laughed at him.  “Seriously Summer perhaps they don’t have any in stock today?”
“And I suppose a little heater won’t keep me that warm-you know once the chill sets in?” 
“It’s such a shame they’ve had a run on them.”  Mihai winked.
* * * *

The next day Mihai took me out hunting bison and bears with him.  I agreed only after Mihai assured me that thanks to his precise and outstanding archery skills the animals wouldn’t suffer nor would we need to get too close.  Yet, the day actually comprised of us both watching and studying the animals rather than any hunting.  Mihai taught me about their body language, their interactions with their own kind and how they survived as well as the other animals in the Carpathian Mountains.  Then later on he gave me an archery lesson using a tree as target practice.  
At night, for the fourth night in a row Mihai kept me warm by wrapping his hard rippled body around me and my sleeping bag.  I pressed my face into his bare chest and let his heart lull me into sleep.  
My cosy dream was broken by a startling crashing noise.  When my eyes flew open I saw Boden throw Mihai off the bed and across the room, rocking the lodge on its stilts. 
“Get your hands off her.”  Boden growled.
Within a split second Mihai had sprung to his feet in a crouching stance prepared to attack.  “You weren’t here, she was freezing.  I was looking after her.”  Mihai growled back.
“Boden!  Stop!  Please, it’s okay, he was just trying to keep me warm.  I was so cold; you must have seen that I’ve been freezing without him or-or-or you.  Please don’t hurt him.”  I pleaded.
“Fugi de-aici.”  Boden yelled at Mihai.
“I don’t hear Summer asking me to leave.”  Mihai spat back.
Boden launched himself at Mihai, clutching him by the throat.  I screamed for him to stop.  Suddenly the lodge was cluttered with other pack members.
“Boden stop this!  He really was only helping me.  You’re going to hurt him!”  I cried out terrified of how far Boden would go.
Boden released Mihai from his grip, but didn’t take his eyes off him.
“Haide, voi doi.  Avem nevoie pentru a fi ca una.”  One of the others called.
“Vă rugăm să putem avea unele confidenţialitate?  Am nevoie pentru a vorbi cu Summer.”  Boden replied in a commanding voice.
The pack complied with his instruction in an almost robotic manner and left us immediately.
“Did you not hear me?”  Boden growled at Mihai.
“Don’t get too big for you breeches Boden Phelan, you are not my Alpha and this is Summer’s temporary home.  So, Summer, do you want me to leave?”  Why did Mihai risk his health even more by taunting Boden. 
“Er . . .I think it’s probably best if you do.”  I smiled, hoping not to provoke either.
Mihai nodded and bowed his head to me.  “Your wish is my command.”  He replied smoothly and shot Boden a jubilant grin on his way out the door.
“What the hell was all that about?”  I shouted as soon as Mihai left.  “That was so embarrassing.  I am here as their guest and you treat him like that.”
“You know how I feel about him and then I find him you in bed with him!  He is lucky I didn’t tear his head from his shoulders.”  Boden hissed.
“Hold a minute, aren’t you my mind reading supernatural boyfriend?  You know exactly what is going on and that is wholly innocent!  I’ve been freezing, perishing in this damn cold.  He kept me warm.  Look at me, I am fully dressed several times over.”
Boden narrowed his eyes at me.  “Well I don’t trust him.  He is up to something.  Guarding his thoughts.  You have grown close to him far too quickly.  I don’t like it Summer.”  Boden paused.  “Why is he so interested in you?”  He muttered more to himself than to me but he made the effort to relax a little.
“I am out here alone.  He is the only one who talks to me.  We get on, we’ve spent a lot of time together and we have become friends.   He is really easy to talk to, that’s all.  You should have seen that.  He is the one who has looked after me whilst you’ve been off fighting vampires.  That is what you asked them to do after all isn’t it?”  I defended.
“Not him I didn’t.”  Boden dismissed.
I shook my head and looked around me.  “Oh my god Boden, look at the mess you’ve made.”  I whispered seeing the broken chair and smashed jug of flowers strewn across the floor.
 “I’m sorry Summer.  You didn’t ask to be in this situation.  I shouldn’t have left you alone for so long.”  Boden grabbed the collar of my jumper and tugged me to him.  “Summer James you are the sunshine in my life, and your warmth touches everyone you meet.  Losing you terrifies me and I reacted a little irrationally.  Please, please will you forgive me?”  As he spoke those last three words he leant into me, tantalisingly close.  My body reacted and my legs almost gave out from under me.   I missed his touch, his smell, his everything, even if he had acted like a jealous oaf.
“Mihai has been really good to me.  He is not the monster you think he is.”  I replied breathlessly.
“That remains to be seen.”  Boden replied huskily.  His mind was on seduction not meaningful conversation and he brushed his lips against mine. 
I kissed him back like his kiss was my life source.  I couldn’t get close enough or deep enough.  He ripped my jumper apart at the middle.  Of course I still had another three layers after that and when Boden wrapped his hand around the next long sleeve T-shirt ready to rip that off too.  I stopped him.
“Hey, no you don’t.  I need those.”  I protested.  Boden huffed impatiently.  “Have you any idea how cold it is here, for me?  I need every scrap of material I can get my hands on.”  I tsked and removed the next layer properly – over my head.  “Your turn.”  I added gesturing at his T shirt.
He removed his T-shirt – his only piece of clothing covering his torso.  I removed another T shirt.  He unbuckled his jeans and pushed them to the floor.  I slowly lifted my vest over my head.  Boden caught my hands above my head and hummed deeply.  The sound vibrated through me and every part of me sang to him calling him to touch and caress me.  “Mmm now that is much better.”  He appraised and untied my tracksuit bottoms with his free hand.
I shimmied them down my legs and kicked them away.   He held both my wrists and secured them at my back pushing my hips into his.  Moisture gathered between my legs at the prospect of how he would take me after being apart for so long and the need for him thrummed deep inside me.  Tonight, he smelt a little different, more earthy, more masculine, more wild.  It excited me, made me feel wild and adventurous too.
“I have thought of nothing else but to caress your silken skin and taste your sweetness.”  He growled, running his finger lazily up the inside of my naked thigh and then dropped to his knees.  “Lie on the bed and open for me.”
The air around us no longer nipped at me, instead it refreshed my skin as the heat inside me soared.  I fell backwards on to the makeshift bed and gave myself to him.  The soft pressure of his lips on my sex made me moan and pant, and when he began to suck and lick I thought I would shoot so high I would never come down to earth again.  
* * * *  
I had no recollection of falling asleep last night, but when I awoke my body burned and pulsed with dim arousal ready to explode from the slightest touch.  My ear was against his chest, his steady heart drumming in me ear and my leg was draped over his.  He held me securely against him with his arm wrapped around my waist.  
“Mmmm.  When can we go home?”  I purred. “I miss mornings like this.”
“In a day or two.  I promise.” 
I perched up on to my elbow so I could see his cobalt eyes and traced tiny circles on his pecks.  “So, are you going to destroy all of them?”  I asked.  I feared how long this war would last, despite his reassurances.
“No, well, probably not.  The situation has become a little complicated,” he began and traced the length of my arm.  “Something came to my attention yesterday which I need to investigate before we continue with our original plan.  That is one of the reasons we came back; to re-think our strategy.”
I stopped tracing circles and sat up a little more.  “What did you find?”
“I’m not sure I can explain right now.  When I know for sure, I’ll tell you.”  I guessed his evasive answer was an attempt to protect me from something horrible.  
I shuffled off the bed and grabbed his T-shirt.  The air nipped as soon as I left the warmth of his body.  It was then that I noticed the broken chair had been miraculously fixed and a new jug of wild flowers now sat on the table.  I twisted around and gave Boden a questioning look.
“I am sorry about last night.”  He smiled and shrugged his shoulders.  “I may have overreacted – a little.”
“I guess I am sorry too.  I can see that what you saw would have been a shock.  I wouldn’t like to find you on a bed with someone else, no matter how innocent.”  I felt a little sheepish as thoughts of how comforted Mihai had made me feel came back.  Boden said nothing.
After we dressed, Boden sat and eat breakfast with me.  At first I found it odd considering he didn’t need to do that here with no humans around to keep up the pretence for, but then I recognised he was probably doing it for me, giving me what normality he could out here in the middle of a horror story.
We then strolled around the camp and Mihai stayed away from us.  I assumed that Boden would mention Marie or Litovoi after what he would have seen in my thoughts over the past few days, but he didn’t.  Out in the open, he seemed to tense up again.  He wore a pensive expression and avoided any meaningful topics of conversation.  Although I felt as if he were guarding me, rather than enjoying being with me, I didn’t care.   I was just content to have him with me, safe for a few more hours before he would inevitably return to the order of pack business.
A little after midday, he did just that albeit reluctantly.  I sat down on a large flat rock that rested against our lodge and watched him with the pack for a while in what appeared to be some sort of combat training at the far end of the camp.  The way they fought intrigued me; each move was executed with precision for the quickest and cleanest kill.  The wolves repeated each action over and over until it was instinctive. Boden transformed in and out of wolf form; one moment playing the role of vampire; next moment the wolf.  Much of it happened in a blur, yet it fascinated me.
“Hey Summer?”  Luminita called as she approached me.
“Hi.”
“I bet it’s nice to see Boden again for a few hours huh?”  She enquired with a warm smile.  It was the first time she had spoken to me since I arrived.
“Yes, I’ve missed him so much.” I replied, returning her smile.
Luminita perched on the rock next to me and spoke a little quieter.  “You and Mihai seem to have struck up quite a friendship?”  She fished.
“Yes I like him; he’s a lot of fun.”  I answered her warily.  
“You realise that he is different when he’s with you?”  Luminita suggested.  I smiled awkwardly but continued to watch Boden.  “He is happy again.  That’s what I think it is.  For hundreds of years the pack has had to put up with his distant brooding behaviour.  He never allows anyone to get close, you know outside of pack business.  Then you come along and bang Mihai is a playful pup again.  A changed man.”
“What are you trying to say?”  I whispered curtly.
“I’m just trying to warn you.  This isn’t just a passing friendship for him.  You need to be careful.”  Luminita replied.  “He can’t take another heartbreak.”
“Hey ladies, what are you two whispering about?”  Mihai asked as he emerged from behind the lodge.
“Oh, you know.  Just girl talk.  I have errands to run for your father.  I’ll see you later.”  Luminita replied and waved goodbye as she headed out towards the forest.
“Has the mongrel calmed down yet?”  Mihai teased.
“Please don’t call him that.  He’s just protective.”  I defended.
“Possessive more like.  How do you cope with that?”  He asked.
I folded my arms across my chest defensively and turned back to the pack.  “Let’s change the subject.”  I suggested.
“Good idea.  Come, I want to show you something.”  He offered, tapping my trainers with his foot.
“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea.”  The thought of Boden’s reaction to me disappearing with Mihai again was more than worrying and Luminita’s warning still rang in my ears.
“Boden’s problem is with me.  We’ll sort it out.  He can’t expect you to sit inside there and stare at the walls for the next few hours whilst he has fun over there.  Prison would be more humane.”  Mihai argued.
“I hardly think he is having fun.”  I countered.
“Summer, he is a testosterone filled vampire werewolf who is indestructible.  Fighting is his Karma.  It’s what he was born to do.  Of course he’s having fun.  He’s part of a pack again, leading and guiding them to victory.  Look at him.  Have you ever seen him so convivial and fulfilled?”  Mihai pointed towards Boden and the other wolves.  “I doubt you have.”
He was right.  I was watching a different Boden, one whose enthusiasm had a new lease of energy.  The way he spoke to the others had a heightened excitement to it.  A side to him I’d never seen before.  Boden always maintained an element of control and constancy.  Even when I witnessed the extent of his anger and passion, he’d never fully lost control of it.  
Mihai laughed at my thoughtful expression and crouched down next to me.  I couldn’t look at him so I continued to stare over at the pack while I mulled over his words.
“Shouldn’t you be over there with them, now that you are all healed again? Don’t they need you too?”  I asked.
Mihai tapped my knee with this finger.  I could feel his warmth swamp me like a blanket.  “Well, you see, a pack can only have one leader, one commander.  Usually that is me, or on occasion when necessary my father.  That can work because he is my father and I will follow his direction.  Boden has temporarily taken my place as Alpha.  I cannot follow him.  The pack accepts him as Alpha and follows his will.  If I were to join them now there would be a conflict.  It would split the pack and their loyalties and our bonds could become irreparable.  When Boden leaves I will be reinstated.”
“What if Boden didn’t leave and decided this is what he wanted?  After all, you said that this was what he was born to do?”  I challenged and made the mistake of looking down into his green eyes.
“It may be what he is born to do, but he loves you more than anything else in this world and keeping you happy and safe will be his life’s work.  He has no interest in leading a pack.  He is here because he feels indebted to my father.  Once it is over he will be as keen to leave as I will be to take over the pack again.”  He looked thoughtful when he explained, almost sad.  “Please come with me Summer, it is very special.  Let’s leave them to it.”  He whispered and rose to his feet.  “He won’t even notice you’ve gone.  I’ll have you back before they’re done.”  He added holding his hand out for me.
My head knew I should have said no, but something else, something stronger allowed Mihai to lead me away from the camp and down to the to the stream.  When we reached it the sun’s rays bounced off the water turning the stream into a bed of crystals.  
“Drop your coat down there, you’re not going to need it.”  Mihai instructed and leapt across the stream.
I gave him a questioning look, but he pointed to the pile of rocks, so I trusted him and took my chunky coat off and laid it on the rocks. Besides, I still had several layers on, and the midday sun kept the icy chill at bay.  The next sticking point was the stream.  I glanced down at the stream and shook my head.  There was no way I could leap across without ending up need deep in water.  Mihai laughed at my frown and hopped back over.
“I’ll give you a . . . what do you call them . . . piggy back?”  He offered. 
I had little choice, it was either that or get wet and it was far too cold for getting wet.  Mihai scooped me up on to his back, leapt over the stream, and placed me on the ground on the other side safely.  
My conscience pricked again and I hesitated about going any further.  This was my final opportunity to turn back and say no, but Mihai tugged on my hand to follow him and that smile of his was so hard to refuse.  Before I knew it we were walking away from the camp, headed between the mountains.
After what seemed like a good couple of miles of me stumbling (and Mihai holding me up) along a rocky path, I started to doubt my decision and stopped.
“We are nearly there.  It’s a natural wonder.”  Mihai replied in a wistful excited tone.  “Trust me, yes?”
“But, Boden will be worried.  You saw how he reacted last night.  Perhaps we should go back?”  I pointed out.
“And you have seen him this afternoon.  He is focused on the pack right now.  There are too many voices for him.  It’s difficult to explain, but the pack connection is much more intense than just mind reading.  We’ll be back before they’ve finished, way before he’s had a chance to miss you.  I promise.”
I hoped he was right.  I would be mortified if Boden hurt Mihai because of me.  I should have told him to take me back and I should have paid more attention to Luminita’s   warning.  And yet I didn’t.  Mihai was a guilty pleasure.  I wanted to spend time with him.  He was less intense than Boden.  Mihai had this free untamed attitude towards everything.  Very different to Boden.  Mihai was fun.  Boden was romantic, passionate, controlled, protective and loving, but he wasn’t fun in a wild abandon kind of way.
Eventually the stream we were following along the mountain edge expanded into a river and swallowed up the path we were taking inch by inch until we were forced to teeter on a cliff edge.  I stood behind Mihai and peered over his shoulder, while gripping on to him for dear life.  We were stood at the top of a magnificent waterfall.
“Can you swim?”  He asked.
“Yes, why?”  I panicked.  I would never survive the jump and I hated heights.
“We’re going in, strip off and leave your clothes here.”
“What?  No!  I’ll freeze.”
Mihai rolled his eyes.  “You humans are so inhibited.  You’ll need dry clothes for the journey home and besides the amount you are wearing will weigh you down.”  He cocked his eyebrow and look down at my hooded sweat top.
I gave him a dubious look but he just laughed.  I sat down and tugged at my trainers, pulled off my jeans and stripped off the rest of my layers apart from Boden’s oversized white T-Shirt, which protected a little modesty and lay them all down.  Mihai kicked off his ripped shorts, leaving his distracting body on full display in all its glory.
“Come here, I’m going to lift you on to my back.  When I do, I need you to hold your breath and cling on tightly.  Okay?  Do not let go.”  Mihai directed.
Before I had the chance to protest he swept me up on to his back and leapt off the cliff.  
I clung tightly to him with my eyes sealed shut.  It seemed like we were falling forever and then the ice cold water hit me and shook my body sending a pain pulsing through me.  I lost focus and my grip, but Mihai secured my hold around him and swam, pulling me with him underwater towards a bright light far off in the distance.  He sliced through the water and within a matter of seconds we reached the glow.  Straightaway, he pushed me up to the surface for air, but the rush of air into my lungs induced a sudden fit of coughing and spluttering.  
“Are you okay?”  He chuckled and patted my back.
I nodded, too breathless to speak.  I also struggled to cling to the rock because my body shook violently from the bitter cold water.
Mihai jumped out of the water next to me and pulled me to safety. 
“Are y-y-y-you trying t-t-t-to kill m-m-m-me?”  I teased through chattering teeth.
Mihai laughed again, but he put his red hot arms around me to warm me up.  I pressed up close against his heat.  After a few moments, Mihai pulled away a little and lifted his hand to stroke the side of my face.  I stilled.  I should have moved, averted my gaze or something but I didn’t.  Mihai trailed his fingers slowly along my neck until they reached my chest where he pressed his flat feverish palm against my chest.  My heart beat into his hand and my chest lifted with exaggeration as I fought hard to control my breathing.  He lingered there for a few intense seconds before he lifted it away and took hold of my hand instead.
“Come on, through here.”  He whispered and led me through a small opening in the rock.
As soon as we squeezed through to the other side, the humidity hit me.  I glanced around wide eyed.  The enormous cave housed a steaming pool of aqua green water.  Several feet above us, daylight beamed down through tiny cracks illuminating the water giving it a mystical glow.  I also noticed the rocky walls of the cave glittered in the light as if they had been decorated with rainbow coloured gemstones. 
“Isn’t it beautiful?”  Mihai dived into the water without making the smallest splash.  “Come-on in, this is a hot spring it has curative rejuvenating powers.”  He laughed and the sound echoed musically around the cave. 
  The heat emanating from the rocky ledge beneath my feet quickly became too intense and left me no option but to slip into the water.  
 “How did you find this place?”  I asked gazing around the spellbinding cave whilst the bath-hot water defrosted my shivering body.
Mihai didn’t answer, I glanced over to where he should have been but he had vanished.  I twisted around one way and then the other, but he was nowhere.  There wasn’t a ripple or a trace of him.
“Mihai!”  I called out in panic.  His name bounced off the walls.
“You called?”  Mihai laughed bursting out of the water and grabbing my waist.  “Miss me?” 
He led me out towards the centre of the pool, all the while quietly chuckling to himself.  When he paused we were facing each other, I felt his breath on my lips.  We were too close again.
“Not funny.”  I smiled, feigning a struggle to break the tension.  “I asked, how did you find this place?” 
Mihai gazed at me with a mischievous expression for a moment.  “It’s a simple life; we don’t spend all our time searching for blood thirsty vampires.  We rarely mix with humans unless we need to, so exploring is our pastime.  Marie and I found this place.  I often come here to think of her.  No-one else knows about it.  It’s one thought I keep private.”  Mihai explained and released me.
“Do you know, I think if it weren’t for the fact that you come into contact with vampires on a regular basis I’d almost envy your existence.  Your simple primitive lifestyle.  .  .  There is something so free and easy about it.  I’ve really enjoyed these past few days.  I didn’t think that would be possible.”  I pondered.  “Thanks for bringing me here, it is amazing.”  I added lying back in the water and floating along its surface.
“Summer you seem to forget that you are the one living with a vampire.”  Mihai teased, clasping my ankle and pulling me back towards him.
“Boden’s not a vampire.”  I hastily argued.
“Isn’t he?  Just because he can transform into a wolf, doesn’t mean there isn’t part of him that transforms into a vampire.  He possesses a dark side too.”
“No.  There is nothing evil about him.  He loves me.  He protects me.”  I defended.
“Obsessively . . . possessively like a pet, not an equal.”  Mihai taunted further.
His words hurt.  I tried to turn away from him but he reached up and put his hand at the back of my neck.  My heart lept.  “Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that, I’m only teasing.”  He apologised pretending to pout in an attempt to make me smile again.  I did.  I forgave him too easily and he let go of me.
“Why do you hate him?  He is more wolf than vampire and he’s done nothing to harm you, in fact he’s here helping to protect and defend you all.”
Mihai stared at me thoughtfully for a minute or two before he finally answered me.  “My feelings towards him aren’t a personal slight exactly, but . . .  Part of it is about the fact that Boden should have been my son.  Marie and I should have been together and had a family.  Boden is the reminder that a vampire stole the love of my life and ruined her.  Every time I look at him, I see her eyes and the face of that sordid vampire she fell for.  It makes my blood boil.”
“I suppose that is understandable . . . I’m sorry.”
Mihai smiled again, illuminating his eyes.  “Let’s leave those ghosts to rest for a while and not spoil the time we have left here.”
While Mihai recalled funny stories about various battle opponents he encountered or the rare occasions when he ventured into civilisation and ended up in some mishap or another, we played around in the water, splashing and chasing each other.  He made me laugh so much that my stomach cramped.
“So, can I ask you a serious question?” I asked.
“Ask me and then I’ll decide.”  He replied wryly swimming towards me.
“This war you are mixed up in; is it rare for the vampires to attack you like this?”  
Mihai narrowed his eyes still grinning. “Okay I’ll answer that one.  In these numbers, yes.  I only remember one occasion when we encountered something similar and that was back when I was a small child.”
“What happened?”
“Well once upon a time there was a reckless and particularly sadistic vampire who attacked an asylum and fed on the patients.  For fun he turned all the patients into vampires.  So, you can imagine what kind of blood suckers these insane humans would make.  It was horrific.  The lunatic vampires set out on a rampage tearing through a nearby village in our territory.  The pack acted, but unlike the usual new vampires we deal with, these vampires had no humanity to begin with and no fear of us.  These crazy lunatic vampires saw it as a game and retaliated against us with ferocious intent like we had never experienced before.  The young wolves including me, hid underground whilst the pack fought to destroy the crazed vampires.  But, there were over sixty vampires and many of the pack members were killed.  Those who lost their lives included nearly all the original elders of our pack as well as my mother.  Eventually the pack did succeed in destroying those vampires but it came at a devastating expense to us.  Litovoi is the only original left.  My father is the only one who remains of his generation, and the pack has never recovered its size.”
“Oh Mihai, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to . . .”
“No, it’s okay, you need to understand our history and why my father asked for Boden’s help.  Father feared the pack would be decimated.  These vampires are different to the ones I’ve just told you about.  In contrast, they are mature, intelligent and their attacks have been strategic.  They are not attacking in a fit of frenzy.  I hate to admit it but Boden’s immortality and mind reading skills will prove invaluable to us.  I’ve told you I don’t want to be left behind.  I would love to be with my brothers and sisters leading them to victory, but it’s too dangerous for them if I insist.  My father knows this and this protects his son.  My father’s decisions are wise and with good reason.  He stays behind to protect Litovoi, the last surviving original because his wisdom and knowledge is sacred to us.  Adela and Luminita are kept behind because they are special too.  Not only do they have an intense bond and synchronicity but also they have speed like I’ve never seen before.  They’re still young, and they’re strength has not fully developed, but they are important for the ongoing survival and evolution of our kind.  They are the only unclaimed females of our pack left.”
“So the others are dispensable?”  It sounded so cold, using others to ensure the survival of the ones he treasured.
“No don’t misunderstand me.  Boden is indestructible, stronger and faster than werewolf or vampire, he can protect and destroy without any risk to himself.  The fighting wolves are strong, experienced and it is their destiny.  My father sought Boden for the very reason that none of his wolves are dispensable.”  Mihai reached out and brushed my wet hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ears.  “Summer . . . I despise Boden, but he can save the ones I love . . . and without him I would never have . . . met you.”  His touch and his gaze were too intimate, they stirred things inside me that were truly adulterous.
“What?”  I whispered, holding his gaze.
Mihai slipped his arm around my waist and pulled me in closer to him, holding me still in the water.  His fiery temperature burned through my wet t-shirt when our bodies pressed against each other.
 “I never thought anyone would touch me the way that Marie did, but you, you have ignited something inside me that I haven’t felt for over three hundred and seventy years.  Summer, I’m falling in love with you.  I want you more than I should dare to.”  Mihai confessed in a whisper.
He lifted one hand from my waist and stroked my cheek with the back of his hand.  All the while I couldn’t take my eyes off him.  The magical glow from the water lit up his enchanting green eyes.  I remained still, unmoving, scared of what he was about to do but anticipating it too.
“I know you love him, but there is something between us too.  We are alone here.  No one is watching us.  Empty your mind and forget your fear, turn yourself over to your instincts just for a single moment.”
“Don’t do this.”  I whispered knowing that I wouldn’t stop him if he did. 
Mihai’s lips crept towards mine and hesitantly brushed against them.  My heart beat harder in my chest.  I failed to protest or even flinch.  He held me securely against his body.  I could feel each muscle press against my skin and yet it wasn’t close enough.
“Let your instincts take over.”  Mihai mouthed against my lips before he sealed them around mine.  
His tongue dived into my mouth and explored.  I fought with myself to resist but before I could stop my body reacted in desire, heating and tingling wantonly and I struggled to think of anything but the intense sensation his possessive kiss stirred.  My hands crept without instruction along his arms and into his hair, hoping to hold him in place, but Mihai pulled away and disappeared underneath the water.  
His unexpected withdrawal surprised me and left me feeling embarrassed and vulnerable.  I turned around and swam back to the rocky ledge.  When I reached the rock, I glanced up and saw Mihai crouching above me flashing his swoon-inducing smile at me.
“Time to get you back.  If Boden has finished playing with the other wolves he will be homing in on you.  I’m sure he won’t be too pleased if you’re missing.”  He ushered.
Boden?  Oh my god, what had I done?  How could I have betrayed him?  I couldn’t even protect him from it.  He would have seen everything.  I didn’t deserve either of them.
Mihai lifted me out of the water and kissed the tip of my nose.  He said nothing and led me away from the magical cave back into the icy cold water. 
“H-h-how are we going to get back up to the c-c-c-cliff?”  I shivered when we reached the other side.
“Wait here.  I’ll grab the clothes and we’ll go the long way round.”  Mihai grinned before he disappeared back into the water.
A few seconds later, Mihai waved to me from the top of the cliff top overlooking the waterfall and then threw each item of clothing down to me with unbelievable precision.  I frantically removed my wet T-shirt and pulled my jeans and jumpers on to shield me from the icy air that stung my damp skin.  When Mihai returned to my side he suggested he carry me back as it would be quicker and his body heat would keep the cold at bay.  I felt awkward about it but agreed.
The atmosphere between us didn’t descend into an unspoken heavy white elephant as I thought it might, considering what had happened between us in the cave, in fact, the opposite seemed to occur.  We relaxed into the rhythm of each other chatting and joking as he ran through the scenery to bring us home.  It just seemed so simple to be with Mihai.  He had no expectations of me, no overexaggerated perception of who I was and no pedestal to place me on.  He just liked me for what he knew.
When the camp appeared in the distance, Mihai lowered me to the ground but kept his arm around me for protection from the cold evening air.  As we moved closer I saw Boden’s imposing figure leaning against one of the stilts supporting our lodge.  Despite the distance between us, I could see his thunderous expression and his tense body language.    
“I thought you said he wouldn’t miss us.”  I whispered, suddenly feeling like a naughty child who had missed her curfew.
“I guess he is more possessive than I gave him credit for.”  Mihai teased with a dark edge to his words.
“Go, I’ll deal with him.”  I suggested nudging Mihai in the ribs.
“No.  If he has a problem I will deal with it.”  Mihai replied in his majestic tone.
I watched Boden as we grew closer fearing what he was going to say or do when we eventually reached him.  Suddenly he disappeared from view, moving in a blur too fast for my human eyes to follow.  
“What the hell did you think you were doing with her?”  Boden bellowed in a voice that created a trembling echo bouncing off the surrounding mountains and trees when he appeared in front of us.
“We were killing time whilst you were preoccupied.”  Mihai hissed.
“Look at her, she’s frozen.  What have you done to her?  She is human.  Delicate and fragile.  You could have killed her.”  Boden scolded and yanked me harshly by the arm to bring me to his side before he wrapped my coat around me.  His rough handling bruised my arm.  His fury was erupting with rapid escalation.  I had never seen him act this way before.  
“B-B-Boden, it’s my fault.  Plea-Please calm down.  I’m fine.”  I urged trying to divert him.
“Perhaps you should take heed of your own words.  You are suffocating her into insanity.”  Mihai growled provoking Boden further.
In the second it took me to glance up at Boden to measure his response and then back towards Mihai, Mihai had transformed into a snarling wolf.  Boden pushed me behind him.  In a flash, Boden struck Mihai with an uppercut that sent him rolling and twisting across to the other side of the camp.  The Chief rushed past us towards Mihai whilst Boden threw me over his shoulder and marched back to our lodge without a second glance in Mihai’s direction.  I watched the Chief command a ferocious snarling Mihai not to retaliate.
“Why on earth did you go off with him and why did you block your thoughts.”  Boden demanded angrily.  “Do you know how worried I was when I couldn’t hear you?”
“I, I didn’t.”  I argued.
“The only time I can’t hear you is when you are in a dreamless sleep.  Are you telling me you fell into a dreamless sleep the moment you left my sight?”  He snapped sarcastically, pulling me off his shoulder and on to the floor inside the lodge.
“No but . . .” I began to defend.
 “Summer, you’re not skilled in blocking your thoughts.  You are not Bee.  I will find out.”  Boden ranted and tore off my cold damp clothes.  “I bet he has taught you his tricks hasn’t he?”
“No he hasn’t and No I’m not Bee and I never want to be like Bee.  I thought you understood that about me but I was wrong wasn’t I?  Didn’t you think I would find out that you want to turn me into one of those sickening monsters?  When were you going to tell me exactly?”  I taunted after recalling what Mihai had told me about the conversation Boden had with the Chief.  I took myself by surprise with the anger boiling up inside me.
“Oh that wolf is really working his magic on you isn’t he.  I forbid you to go anywhere near him.  Stay away from him.  If you care about him, you will do as you’re told.  I am warning you, Summer.  Do you understand me?”  Boden growled.  The familiar and frightening sound rumbled through his chest.  
I nodded with furious tears welling up in my eyes.  
Boden threw two clean jumpers at me.  “Here.  You have a responsibility to keep yourself alive and safe too Summer.  If the cold water had stopped you’re heart.  What could I have done?  I couldn’t save you from that.  What were you thinking?  Put those on whilst I get you something to eat.  I bet he’s not even fed you.” 
Boden disappeared leaving me alone in the lodge.  I dragged the two jumpers on over my head one after the other and slumped onto the bed.  Confusion twisted the conflicting thoughts and feelings swimming around inside me.  I couldn’t focus.  I felt trapped.
 Boden returned a few moments later appearing more relaxed now that his temper had passed carrying some food.  He sat down next to me and kissed my hair, lingering to inhale its scent.  A tiny part of me wanted to pull away from him.  It scared me to feel like that about him.
 “You are the most precious thing in my life.  The thought of you coming to any harm drives me insane.  I know how persuasive and manipulative Mihai can be, and this is why I feel it is best for you to abstain from spending anymore time alone with him.”  Boden whispered in a soft persuasive tone.  “Stay here now and get a good night’s rest.  I’ve got you some extra blankets, ones that won’t irritate, and Adela bought you a new heater from the village.  I don’t want to, but I need to leave you for a couple of hours.  I won’t be out all night.  I will be back later.  I love you Summer and I am sorry I upset you.”   
Boden’s reaction confused me.  I didn’t understand why he didn’t confront me about the kiss.  He was so angry I was certain he would, and yet he did insist that I had hidden my thoughts from him but I hadn’t.  I wouldn’t even know where to begin to do that.  None of it made any sense to me, then again nothing in my crazy world seemed to make sense anymore.
Boden kissed the top of my head before he left me alone with only the sound of the buzzing heater struggling to heat the lodge to keep me company.   My feelings were conflicted and my anger with him for not answering me straight about his conversation with the Chief had yet to entirely diminish, but I was also angry at myself for letting things progress as far as they had with Mihai.  I tossed the food on the floor in frustration and curled up on the bed sobbing until I fell to sleep.

* * * *

Chapter 11: Moarte

 “SUMMER, SUMMER?”  MIHAI whispered in my ear, interrupting my sleep.
“Mihai?”  I murmured muddled by my drowsiness.
“Summer are you okay?  You were crying in your sleep.”  Mihai pressed anxiously.
“What . . . er no . . . I mean yes.  Oh Mihai you’ve got to go, you can’t be in here.”  I panicked when the fog cleared from my head and Boden’s words rang in my ears.
“What’s he done?”  Mihai hissed.
“Nothing, he just doesn’t want me to see you.  Please Mihai I don’t want you to get hurt.”  I pleaded.
“You don’t have much confidence in me do you?”  He teased with too much confidence.  
Mihai bent down so close to me I could feel his breath on my face.  He was too close; too tempting.
 “I am aware that you are this great warrior, but this is Boden we are talking about.  I’ve seen what he can do.  I couldn’t bear it if you got hurt because of me.”  I replied sitting up to add a little space between us.
Mihai sat down next to me on the bed. Too close again. The warmth from his body penetrated the layers of clothes against mine.  “Mihai, please go.  I love Boden; I couldn’t live without him.”  I whispered with urgent desperation, wanting him to leave me alone for his own safety.  
“But you do feel something for me too?”  Mihai pressed.  He moved my chin with his finger so that I could look nowhere else but into his glowing eyes.
“Boden will be back soon, you have to go.”  I urged tapping the side of my head and avoiding his question. 
Mihai leant in closer to me.  “I know you do.  I feel the connection.”  He continued ignoring my plea.  Mihai placed his hands on either side of my face before he pressed his burning kiss firmly against my lips.  His touch radiated overwhelming emotion.  A tear slid down my cheek.
“Te iubesc.  I love you.”  He sighed.  “I’ll go now.” 
My betrayal threw me into turmoil.  Boden had never been anything other than loving and protective towards me and here I sat giving a piece of my heart to another, but I couldn’t stop it.  Mihai drew me into him.  Although my feelings lacked the obsessive intensity of the love between Boden and me, loving Mihai was effortless and unavoidable and left me dreaming of being back inside the magical cave locked in his arms again.  Perhaps I was the monster.
I struggled to fall back to sleep after Mihai left.  I remained wide awake until Boden returned a little before sunrise.  Too ashamed to look at him, I laid still when he entered.  My heart pounded but he said nothing.  Instead, Boden lay down next to me and held me securely within his strong arms.  
“I love you so much.”  I whimpered clinging tighter to his arms.  The anger and fear I felt earlier dissolved inside my tears of betrayal that streamed from my eyes.
“Summer . . . we need to talk don’t we?”  His sobering tone twisted my stomach. I nodded against his chest in reluctant agreement.  “Why did you block your thoughts?  What are you trying to hide from me?”  He asked in a soft tone as he twisted so that he could focus on my teary eyes and search through my mind for the answer.
His persistent accusations of blocking my thoughts continued to confuse me.  I had absolutely no clue how to do that and even if I knew what to do, I wasn’t sure I’d be dextrous enough to do it in any event.  I sat up and tried to work out where to begin, although it was pointless anyway because he‘d be able to hear me ordering my thoughts.
“You’ve fallen under Mihai’s spell haven’t you?”  Boden accused in an accepting tone, breaking our uncomfortable silence.
“No.  I don’t-I don’t know.”  I hesitated.  “It’s difficult to explain what I feel.  There is this connection between him and me.  I don’t know how to explain it exactly it’s like it’s . . . it’s easy to be me with him.  He has no expectations and he can’t hear what I’m thinking.  I’m worried you fell in love with a different me all those years ago, but this me, today, is very different and flawed and you’re blind to it.  Mihai has come to know me as me.  He learns something new about me each time we’re together and that feels normal.  Yes, he is also a mythical creature but his life seems relaxed and peaceful, whereas my life with you is consistently filled with extreme and traumatic events.  
“Boden, I guess what I am trying to say is that I am exhausted and drained by it all.  It never ends there’s always something.  It’s as if tragedy follows us around, punishing us.”  I confessed.  Boden stood up from the bed and paced around inside the small lodge.  “But despite my confused feelings for him and no matter what has happened between you and me, I cannot get past the fact that I ache for you.  I crave your touch with every inch of me.  I need you as much as I need to breathe . . . I’m in such a mess Boden; I don’t know what to do anymore.  I’m just hurting everyone.”  
Boden stopped pacing.  He knelt down in front of me with a pained expression, and wiped the tears from my cheeks.
“Summer you are my moon and stars.  You have got to start trusting that the strength of my feelings for you are unwavering no matter what.  He doesn’t know you.  I know you to the depths of your soul.  I have heard every thought you have ever had.  Nobody’s perfect not even me.”  Boden produced a crooked smile.  “And I have never expected you to be either.  I love you profoundly.  I wish you could understand the depth of my love.  Please, don’t cry.  Mihai can be manipulative in a subtle and effective way and you are susceptible to that in your vulnerable state.”  Boden reassured me with gently, but then his tone abruptly altered.  “However, I  warn you now, I am not a martyr, nor a saint.  In fact, I am an incredibly selfish creature and I will not let someone take you from me again . . . ever . . . not even if it was your wish.  I will not endure that pain again.  Do you understand me?”  
Boden’s ominous caution sent a chill through me and his expression emphasised the sinister threat in is words with his eyes twisting into the midnight shade of blue I’d witnessed before.  Frightened, I drew away from him.
Boden ignored my reaction.  “You are the obsession and the muse for many men.  They seem to fall hopelessly in love with you, so I suppose I can’t blame him entirely.  Nevertheless, you must not be so naive to judge him on what he has presented to you.  He is not human.”  His mouth stretched into an unfamiliar fiendish smile that made him appear more like a vampire as each moment passed.  
Perhaps Mihai was right Boden could shift into vampire as easily as he could wolf.
Boden sighed.   “He has already managed to sow seeds of doubt in your mind whether you are aware of it or not.”  Boden paused in thought for a few seconds and searched my face before his smile somehow adjusted and returned his face to the one I knew.  The vampire evaporated taking my fear with it.  “I love you Summer and you need to accept it and believe in our love.  I know my anger frightens you but it’s only ignited by my protection of you.”  Boden wrapped his strong arms around me and pulled me closer towards him so that my legs wrapped around his waist and pressing my body against his.  He planted delicate kisses against my neck.  “Please don’t be afraid of me.  I do accept that some of this is my fault for bringing you here in the first place.  I also admit I am jealous that you have feelings for him, agonisingly so.  I wish we could leave now to build our life together and you could forget him.  There is little control left in me where it concerns him.  Do not push me further.”  He warned and I fully understood the danger in his muted threat.
“Let’s go, let’s go now then.”  I urged, terrified of what he might do to Mihai if we stayed any longer.  Terrified of what I might do if we stayed any longer.
Boden sighed.  “I can’t.  There have been some confounding developments.”
“Tell me then, explain to me what’s going on.  You always know my thoughts and go crazy when you think I block them, don’t do the same to me.”  I begged, running my hands through his silken reven hair.
Boden said nothing for several moments and then he uncurled me from around him and stood up to pace around again.  After several more minutes of thought, he turned around and knelt down in front of me again, clasping his hands around mine.
“Okay, you want to know everything.  But I’m warning you this is what you might call another extreme.”  Boden forewarned.  I gulped down the anxiety and nodded for him to continue.  “I have discovered the vampire leading the attack is Charles De Blanvel.”
“De Blanvel?”  I gasped.  “Wasn’t that your father’s name?” 
“Yes.  And I’ve learned that Charles De Blanvel was my father’s younger brother.  My father was seduced and turned by a vampire pretending to be one of their servants.  Charles quickly discovered his elder bother’s secret and begged him to give him immortality too.  Louis eventually gave in to Charles.  Apparently they lived together for many years until Louis disappeared without a trace almost four hundred years ago.  
“Before Louis disappeared he and Charles had argued.  Initially Charles believed Louis had run off to sulk, but as time passed and Louis never returned Charles grew concerned for his brother.  That is until a certain vampire unravelled the mystery for him several years ago.” 
“What do you mean a certain vampire?”  I asked in fear of the answer.
Boden sat on the bed next to me and put his arm around me.  I lay against his chest to listen to the comforting rhythm of his heart before he continued.  “It appears that Bee trespassed on De Blanvil territory and killed several humans in a local village.  Charles and his two companions lived in peace.  They did not wish to draw the attention of the wolves or the humans.  Bee put them at risk of that so they had to eradicate the risk.  Charles’s men captured Bee in preparation to kill her.  Fortunately for Bee, when they dragged her through the castle, she noticed a painting of Louis.  Bee recognised Louis from paintings I’d painted at the house I shared with her using my mother’s thoughts.  Charles demanded to know how she knew his brother.  Bee retold my recollection of how Louis died.  Charles saw images of Bee taking care of me in her thoughts.  He conceded that as she had answered some long held questions and cared for his nephew he was willing to grant her freedom on the premise that she never hunted on his territory again.
“The revelation that Louis had been killed by the wolves has infuriated Charles especially when Louis had done little to deserve such punishment.  This has set him on the path of vengeance.  He has vowed to ensure the wolves feel the wrath of his anger by slaughtering the entire pack.”  Boden paused for a moment and stroked my arm.  “Are you okay?  Are you sure you want to hear this?”  Boden confirmed.  I nodded my head.  “Okay, so Charles knew he would need a small army of vampires to help him succeed.  This pack is extremely adept at destroying vampires.  They have a long history and thousands of years of experience.  In order for Charles to be successful, he needed to recruit enough vampires to outnumber the wolves by at least three to one and then train them to destroy the wolves with military precision.  The way he has managed and co-ordinated that number of vampires without them turning on each other is testament to his leadership skill.  He has trained them exceptionally well, which is why Mihai and the others have suffered such severe injuries or worse.  Charles and his band of vampires occupy a castle just over a hundred miles away west of the forest.  
“When I arrived and took over as Alpha Wolf we gained the upper hand again and this upturn of success for the pack raised an alarm with Charles.  Charles came to observe from the boundaries to see why their manoeuvres had begun to fail.  I was transforming in and out of wolf form so that I could check in on you without the whole pack witnessing it and it was then that Charles recognised me from Bee’s thoughts.  He spoke to me using his mind and offered a temporary truce to understand why his brother’s son was protecting the very pack that had destroyed Louis.
“I agreed to speak with him and explain my reasons.  I told him that although Mihai was responsible for the death of my father, his father had saved me and therefore I could not destroy his son until I’d repaid my debt to him.  
“Charles deliberated over my explanation and conceded that under the circumstances the entire pack should not be punished for the actions of one, considering they had saved me, his nephew.  
“However, Charles will not relinquish his quest for revenge entirely.  He wants Mihai’s head.  I have managed to negotiate with him to hear Mihai out before making a final judgement.  I cannot guarantee that he won’t still take his revenge, but I believe Charles is a civilised man.  I am hopeful that Mihai could escape with his life.”  Boden concluded. 
‘You agreed to that?  Are you mad, they’ll kill him?’  I thought as panic flared inside me.
“Mihai has to take responsibility for the part he played in the death of my parents.”  Boden snapped.  “I will do my best to persuade Charles to be generous in his sentence.”  Boden added.  “It is a compromise.  Mihai has a responsibility to do this to save his pack.  It is his duty.  If he doesn’t, Charles will never relent until each one of them is destroyed and now I know who Charles is; I am in a difficult position to be able to help them further.  I have done this for you and the Chief.  I couldn’t care less whether Mihai lives or dies.”  
Tears welled up in my eyes.  I was cursed; another loved one destined to be killed.  “B . . . bu . . . but you said you were winning, why agree to this, why not just finish it?” 
“This could continue for years Summer, and it would become too dangerous to have you here.  Charles will replenish his army.  More of the pack will be killed; he will get smarter at it.  He’ll find a way around me.  This way it will end quickly with no further harm to the pack.”
“At the expense of Mihai?  Boden, please help him.  Charles is a vampire, a monster.  They’re mortal enemies and...  and...  Mihai killed his brother, why would he let him live?  What are you going to say to Mihai?  It’s suicide!”  I begged hysterically.
“You’re wrong.  Charles gave me his word.  Charles is civilised and compassionate like Louis was.  There is every chance Mihai could walk out alive.”
“So civilised and compassionate he set out to destroy all of them with meticulous planning and training.”  I snapped.
“I will help Mihai, not for his sake, but because I owe it to his father.  Mihai knows and accepts what he is about to do Summer and so should you.”  Boden confirmed in a brusque tone, and then altered it when he caught the hurt in my eyes.  “Summer, when he came to see you earlier tonight, he had already been told.  He came to say goodbye to you.”  Boden whispered.
I blushed.  Boden had witnessed the tenderness between us earlier through my all too honest thoughts.  Fortunately, my face hid against his chest which ment I didn’t have to look at him with my guilty eyes. 
‘Will you go with him when he meets Charles, will you protect him?’  I questioned in my mind, hopeful that he would agree.
“I will go with him.”  Boden avoided any guarantee.
“I want to come with you too.  I can’t sit alone and wait for you both, not knowing if you will return.”  I demanded.  
Boden’s foreboding words still swarmed around in my head and I wasn’t sure how hard he would try to protect Mihai if Charles insisted on his death.
“I will return.  I’ll think it over.  A delicious young human girl in a castle full of vampires may not be the safest environment.”  Boden laughed.  
I stared at him in annoyance.  His eyes blended into a brilliant aqua blue, inviting and distracting.  Boden pressed his mouth against mine kissing me with heated impatience, and emptied my head of everything.  My desire for him burned, sending the impending horror into the darkness for a few short hours.
* * * *
“Boden you are such a distraction.”  I sighed feeling guilty that I had allowed him to distract me with sex.
“I know.”  His impish smile only made me want him all over again.  “But I’m afraid I’ve got to find Mihai now.  We need to talk through what’s going to happen this evening.  I need to make sure he behaves himself and keeps his ego in check, especially if he wants any chance of surviving this.”  He sighed.  “I’ll fetch you before we go.”  He added, reluctant to leave me again.  
My stomach twisted at the sound of Mihai’s name, but Boden’s goodbye kiss sent a hypnotic calm flowing through me and I fell into a deep sleep.  When I opened my eyes again I became startled, disorientated, and worried how long I’d slept.  In a flurry of panic that Boden and Mihai had already left without me, I ran outside in a fluster but bumped straight into Boden’s broad chest.
“Whoa slow down, I wouldn’t leave without at least saying goodbye.”  Boden chuckled as he caught me.
“Goodbye?  No.  No!  I’m coming with you.”  I insisted, placing my hands on my hips feeling tempted to stomp my feet in protest if he refused.
Boden released a raucous laugh that only served to agitate me further.  “Summer clam down, you are coming, I have no choice in the matter.  The entire pack is coming to provide some added protection in the event that things don’t go as expected, so I can’t leave you all alone and unprotected, in spite of the fact it is likely to be highly dangerous.”  Boden sighed.
He seemed surprisingly hyped up as if he were enjoying the anticipation of what was about to come.  All the fighting as part of pack had re-established his true purpose.  After all Mihai had enlightened me to the obvious reality that Boden is a testosterone filled indestructible Vampire Werewolf and fighting is what he was born to do.  I just hoped it wasn’t the thought of Mihai’s probable death that was the source of his excitement.
 “So what I need you to do is to grab some food and water, it could be a long night and you’ll need your strength.”  He directed and guided me towards the fire pit.
My stomach growled in agreement and I complied without argument.  We sat down in front of the blazing fire alone.  
“Here.  Eat this.”  Boden insisted passing me a bowl of something resembling stew. 
“Where is everyone?”  I asked looking around.
“They’re around, ironing out the details for tonight.  I just need you to eat, which will leave me one less thing to worry about.  Stay here and finish up, I’ll be back soon.”  He said and kissed me before he sprinted off towards a group of wolves at the edge of the forest.
I couldn’t see Mihai amongst the group and wondered whether he was alone somewhere, coming to terms with the sacrifice he was about to make.  A tear rolled down my cheek and plopped into my stew.  I glanced down at and picked at my bowl of food.  I thought my appetite was lost but the more I eat the more I realised how hungry I was.  Food had taken a step back while I was here, anxious knots constantly rode around in my stomach, yet now that I had more reason than ever to be riddled with anxiety, hunger seemed to take precedence.  I wondered whether Boden had something to do with it.
 “Hello Summer.  How are you?”  The Chief asked as he joined me at the fire.
“Okay I guess.” I shrugged.  “How is Mihai?” 
“This whole situation is sorrowful.”  The Chief replied, pondering what the night might hold, but he didn’t answer my question. Instead, he stared into the fire leaving us in an awkward silence for a minute or two before he spoke again.  “Summer, I have noticed a bond developing between you and my son.  I am also aware that he has confessed that he is in love with you.  Mihai believes you feel the same.” 
I blushed and panicked.  “Mihai is . . .” I began to defend what had happened between us but the Chief placed his hand on my shoulder and topped me.
“Mihai is my son.  He has only ever fallen in love with one woman – Boden’s mother, now he has fallen in love with you, Boden’s deepest love.  I know my son, he will fight to win your love no matter what the cost because that is who he is.”  The Chief explained with sadness in his voice.
“I-I-I didn’t mean for . . . I’m confused by what has happened.  Boden is such an extreme of everything and my feelings for him are incredibly intense, beyond my wildest dreams.  I am still trying to come to terms with it.  And yes if I am honest with myself I guess I have developed feelings for Mihai that I shouldn’t have, but whatever the connection is that exists between us, it just happened without encouragement.”  I confessed, ashamed of my betrayal.
“Let me explain to you something to you to help you understand the consequences of what you are doing.”  The Chief proposed in a disapproving tone.  I wiped the tears from my eyes.  I prayed for someone to interrupt and break the serrated atmosphere, but no-one came.  “Thousands of years ago, Hell unleashed a beautiful and enticing dark angel to Earth.  She was man’s curse for all the evil acts man inflicted upon himself.  She seduced and transformed humans into creatures of Hell who wreaked heinous havoc across the earth.  The humans later called these creatures, vampires.  They were wicked monsters who partook in deadly sins and drank the blood of humans to sustain their immortality; children of Satan.  Because Heaven feared they would abate the human race, Heaven placed angels on the earth to destroy them.  These angels were deployed in the form of wolves to hide silently in the shadows to catch vampires unaware and destroy them.  The angels had the ability to transform into the form of man and wolf so that they could live amongst man inconspicuously while they sought out the vampires.  These angels were blessed with strengths beyond the realms of human possibilities, as well as a human heart for empathy and compassion to prevent them from succumbing to the dark side.  Unlike the vampires, they also had the ability to reproduce.
“The dark angel disappeared back to hell, only returning every thousand years to ensure her evil legacy continued to survive.  As time passes, vampires grow stronger with age, but they continue to lose their humanity piece by piece until all that remains are their primeval instincts.  They seem to evolve with each new creation, become more cunning and more subtle in their kills.  In the beginning when vampires swarmed the earth and had flagrant disregard for hiding what they were, the werewolves fought relentlessly to control them.  Only the most skilled and clever vampires survived our cull.  Nowadays vampires spread their disease carefully and strategically. There are significantly less, but they are significantly harder to destroy.
“Boden Phelan is different; he is the exception.  He is a freak of nature.  An extreme version of both; a dark angel and a heavenly one.  Extremities will always shroud his existence and you must accept this.  You have no choice but to.  Luckily for mankind he chose the path of goodness.  He protects rather than devours and loves more than he hates.  Yet I urge you to heed my words of warning Summer James.  Beware of the strength of his desire for you.  I love my son, and I want nothing more than for him to find happiness, but if he seeks it with you, it will be short-lived . . . for all of us.  Boden will end up destroying you both.  If that happens, I fear what that pain will do to Boden and the fury it could unleash.
“Boden remains a son of our pack, he is part of our Elder, Litovoi’s blood line, but I will be honest with you now.  I have gathered the pack together to protect Mihai.  As Chief, I accept that the only way to save what remains of the pack is to sacrifice him, but it is also my duty as his father to save him.  I am not entirely sure that Boden will protect him.  Charles De Blanvil is his uncle after all and now he is aware how you and Mihai feel about each other . . . .”  The Chief trailed off, shaking his head in bewilderment.  “We will do what we can to end this war tonight without sacrificing Mihai.”
Shell-shocked I sat motionless in silence.  I refused to believe the Chief’s conclusions about Boden.  Yes, there was a hidden vampire inside Boden, but he was not evil, he was my angel and not a monster like Ben and Bernice.  Boden would protect Mihai because that was the right thing to do and he held the Chief in such high esteem, he would not let Mihai perish.  I would never choose Mihai over Boden as much as that hurt and as much as I would miss Mihai, Boden would always be my oxygen - I couldn’t live without him and I couldn’t inflict any more pain on him.  I had hurt him enough already.
When I glanced back up across the fire, the Chief had disappeared and Boden stood in his place, smiling with affection.
 “Hey, don’t let the old Chief scare you, he is wise, but superstitious.  Everything will be fine.  He doesn’t understand, but I do.  We’ll be gone from here soon and then our lives will get back to normal again I promise.”  Boden assured me stroking my hair.  “Are you ready?  We are leaving shortly.”
I nodded and he lifted me into his arms in one rapid movement.  Secure in his arms I could face anything.  I fastened my arms around his neck and he carried me towards the edge of the clearing to where the others stood waiting.  
Electrical energy buzzed around the pack who were charged by the anticipation and excitement of what might be about to play out.  You could almost trace the deep connection between them with an invisible thread.  Every member was present except for Litovoi.
Boden lowered me to the ground and strolled to the front of the pack to deliver motivational encouragement as their Alpha.  A hand touched the small of my back while I watched. I didn’t have to turn around to know who it belonged to. Mihai stood behind me.
“You’ve forgiven him then?”  Mihai noted.
“How can I be angry at him when I am the one who has given him cause.”  I replied sombrely. “None of this is fair.  It is crazy.”
Mihai whispered closed to my ear.  “Whatever happens tonight remember that I love you.”  
“Nothing will happen tonight.  You will survive.  I feel it.”  I whispered back fighting to contain my emotion.  “I will do what little I can to protect you.”  I wanted to hold him and kiss him one last time because whatever happened tonight Boden and I would be gone by tomorrow.  Boden would make sure of that.  
Mihai brushed his fingers against my hand and squeezed before he left my side to meet his father.  I watched the Chief hug and kiss him as if Mihai were a small child going off to his first day of school.  The Chief then walked over to Boden and placed his hand on Boden’s shoulder.  He nodded at him in a ceremonial manner before he transformed and followed the other wolves into the forest.  That left Mihai, Boden and me.  
“They’re going to take their places surrounding the castle to ensure there is nothing untoward waiting for us.  We will go a different way; a quicker route.”  Boden announced.
Mihai said nothing and allowed Boden to lead us into the opposite direction of the pack.  An uncomfortable silence ensued between the three of us as we made our way through the murky forest.  Boden held my hand and walked at my pace at first, but once the ground rose to a steady incline he had no choice but to carry me.  This suited him better as it allowed him to sprint up the incline with increasing pace.  The wind blew through my hair and around me with such force it seemed as if it were trying to drag me off him.  While I clung on as tight as possible I watched Mihai transform into a wolf and compete with Boden’s pace.  They challenged and goaded each other the entire time.
At the top of the incline, Boden stopped.  Ahead, where the forest had thinned out, a vertical rock face stood in our way with an enormous white Medieval castle mounted on top. 
“That’s where we’re headed.”  Boden pointed at the castle.  He kissed my cheek and lowered me back to the ground.
“How are we going to get up there?”  I asked in horror.
“No problem, we just run it.”  Mihai winked and directed a smug smile at me.
Boden glared at him.  “I will carry you.  You just need to hold on tightly.  It should take less than a minute.”  
Mihai sprinted over to the rock face and flew up the side of it with as much ease as if he’d been Spiderman despite the rock face appearing to have nothing to grip on to.
“Th...  That’s what we’re going to do?”  I stuttered.
“You’ll be fine.  Trust me.  Close your eyes and it will be over in seconds.”  Boden chuckled.
Boden lifted me back up on to his back.  “Are you ready?”  He asked.  I nodded and hid my face in his hair, fastening my arms and legs around him.
His body swayed as he ran, and I experienced a gentle pull of gravity.  I buried my head, but within thirty seconds, he stilled again.
“Summer, you can let go now.”  Boden laughed.
I peeked out through his hair and peered around me.  I found we were already on top of the huge rock face, but dangerously close to the edge.  My acrophobia surfaced and I hid my face again, unable to release my grip.
“Summer, it’s okay.”  Boden whispered and drew me around to his chest. 
I clung on to him as if my life depended on it.  Boden placed his hands on either side of my face and lifted it up to his.  “Summer, look at me.  You’re safe.  We aren’t far from meeting Charles now.  Do you want to walk and take a few minutes to calm yourself?” 
I nodded.  He carried me away from the edge and placed me on the ground.  
“We are meeting Charles at the entrance to his castle.  We are only a few minutes away now.  Don’t be frightened.  I will not let you out of my sight.”  Boden explained.
My heart thudded like giant footsteps but I wasn’t frightened for me.
After a short walk, we reached the front of the castle and waited on the wooden bridge that led to its gates.  Mihai paced with increasing agitation.  In contrast, Boden seemed implausibly relaxed.  The difference between them would have been comical, if it hadn’t been such a desperate situation.
“Boden.”  I heard a voice call from the direction of the castle, but I couldn’t see anyone.
“Boden” the voice called again, but this time it came from the opposite side of the bridge, closer to us.  I spun round to find a young man stood with us.
“Charles, hello.”  Boden greeted.  
Charles’s boyish appearance surprised me.  I imagined him much older than Boden, grey hair, distinguished perhaps and tall with a powerful presence to lead an army of vampires.  Instead, Charles reached my height and had a slim stature with shiny brown hair tied back behind his head.  He didn’t look like he had reached eighteen yet, but he projected a chilling aura, despite his polite greeting.
“And this must be your captivating human, Summer.”  Charles replied and reached out to hug me.  
My instincts urged me not to go anywhere near him, yet Boden nodded for me to meet his embrace.  Charles took a long intake of breath and released me.  Frightened, I moved quickly back to Boden’s side, gripping on to him.
“Charles this is Mihai.”  Boden signalled for Mihai to come forward.  
Mihai walked forward at a slow confident pace.  For the first time, when he approached the three of us, Mihai's regal air emanated from every pore.  
“Let’s not do this out here.  Come with me.”  Charles instructed, failing to acknowledge Mihai at all.
Charles disappeared from my sight and then reappeared at the front of the gates, beckoning us towards him.  He led us through two steel gates, which boomed loudly behind us as it closed.   It was ominous sound that sent chills shooting down my neck and every single hair on my body stood on end in fear.  We trailed Charles into the castle, down a long hallway that narrowed into a dark claustrophobic stone corridor.  Medieval torches hung scattered along the walls but barely lit the worn uneven steps.  Eventually Charles ushered us through an ornately decorated door and into a large circular ballroom, or perhaps it was a grand hall.  
A peculiar odour hung in the air; a mixture of damp and rust.  Although there were no windows, cold air swirled around the room and pinched exposed skin.  Above us I noticed a grand unused chandelier, dangling in the darkness.  I could also just make out a shallow balcony that surrounded the room and was perched on marbled pillars covered in elaborate detail.  I followed the length of the pillars to the floor and my eyes travelled across the chequered floor into the dark shadows looming on the outskirts of the room.  It didn’t take me long to realise that they were not shadows.  They were dark and dangerous shapes.  We were not alone.  One by one torches ignited in their hands of the vampires who flanked the edge of the room.  They were dressed over elaborately in evening suits and ball gowns with masks hiding their identity.  It seemed like we had gate crashed a monsters masquerade ball my mistake.
Charles guided us into the centre of the room and paused when we stood underneath the enormous chandelier.  The light from the torches the vampires held bounced off the crystals creating a low spotlight over the four of us.  Charles tactically directed Boden and I to stand on the left side of him and Mihai on the right.  
“Everyone, this is Boden and Summer.”  Charles announced with pride in his tone.  The vampires moved closer, inaudibly, maintaining a circle formation. 
Charles leaned towards me and lowered his voice.  “Do not fear them Summer, they all control their thirst for human blood.”  He grinned and then turned back to his audience.  “And this?”  His hand flew out to his right in front of Mihai.  “This is my brother’s slaughterer.”  
Menacing hisses sounded around the room. My pulse raced.  I clung to Boden’s waist.  This is not good.  ‘This is extremely bad.’ I thought.  
Next to me Boden remained stoical, but pressed his hand on his uncle’s shoulder and spoke low in his ear.  “Charles are you ready to hear from Mihai now?”  
“Yes, yes let’s hear his defence.”  Charles agreed in a disinterested tone as if he was just going to go through the motions to satisfy his nephew.
Mihai stepped forward and relayed his story.  He explained what had happened to Louis and that he had regretted his actions ever since.  He turned in circles attempting to make eye contact with every vampire in the room and I was relieved that he told it with intense feeling and sincerity, and without the usual arrogance he exhibited when he was in the company of those he despised.  I prayed that Charles would understand and let us all leave. 
Unfortunately, the vampires hissed venomously when he finished.  I doubt they listened to him at all.  My only hope was Charles.  Boden said he was civilised.  Hopefully he would prove it now.  Charles stood still for what seemed like an eternity and then he stepped towards us and patted Boden’s arm paternally.  I held my breath.  Charles twisted around and turned his attention to Mihai.  He reached out to place his hands on either side of Mihai’s face, but Mihai recoiled away from him.
“Mihai let him.  He wants to read your thoughts to see that you are remorseful and your pain of loss equals his.”  Boden growled, breaking his facade and displaying the first sign of stress all day.  
It frightened me.  I feared that Boden had seen something in Charles’ thoughts that gave him cause for concern.  When Mihai obeyed Boden’s instructions I let out my breath but quickly held it again as I watched Charles with bated breath close his eyes and read Mihai’s mind.  After a minute or two Charles’s eyes threw open in aghast.  His gaze moved from Mihai to Boden.   A frown furrowed deep into his unnaturally perfect brow.  He released Mihai and glided towards me like a gush of wind with his hands outstretched ready to clasp my head in his grip. 
“Charles, no.”  Boden cautioned and yanked me away from Charles’ reach with such force I almost fell over. 
Charles’s eyes narrowed.  He looked both confused and angered by Boden’s response.
“So, what is your decision?”  Boden demanded.  
Alarmingly, the vampires surrounding us began to chant in low eerie voices. “Moarte!  Moarte!  Moarte!.”
“Before I decide dear nephew, I am interested to explore something I saw in his mind.  Perhaps he is remorseful for his actions.  Actions that ultimately lost him your mother; his soulmate . . . And perhaps I could therefore reason that he would have continued to suffer with the pain and guilt of that loss . . . However, what concerns me more is that his suffering has diminished because your mother is no longer the love of his life is she?  No.  This animal is going to pass the suffering on to you.  He has fallen in love with your human and plots to steal her from you.”  Charles glared and Mihai and then in my direction, although I was pretty much hidden behind Boden.
“That is none of your concern, I will deal with that.”  Boden insisted.
“Moarte!  Moarte!  Moarte!”  The vampires persisted to chant around us.  I suddenly became aware that they were encroaching in on us, tightening the circle.
I panicked.  “No.  No!  Mihai would never do that.  He knows how strong my feelings for Boden are.  Mihai is tortured by what happened.  He is incredibly lonely.  You have to believe me please.”  I pleaded in a flurry of panic.  “He doesn’t deserve this, he has suffered enough.”
Charles chuckled, and stared at Boden.  “You are my nephew.  Mine and Louis’s blood runs deep in your veins.  Therefore any form of attack on you is my concern and that animal is going to hurt you deeply.  Why wait until he makes a move, when we know what is coming.  Deal with it now.  Prevent the suffering.”  Charles suggested persuasively.
“I appreciate you’re concern and willingness to protect me, but I will deal with it.  This is my problem. His father has been good to me; I cannot allow anything to happen to him here today.  I gave my word.”  Boden argued back.
“Listen to me!  Mihai can’t hurt Boden because I won’t let it happen.”  I tried to make Charles see me and listen to me, but Boden held me behind his back.
“Well, I promised you I would hear him out and leave the pack alone.  I’ve kept my side of the bargain.  Yet I have seen the passion in his thoughts and the fact that your human sees fit to interrupt me and plead for him provides further evidence that if he lives it will only end in suffering for you, my dear nephew.  No dog is going to hurt my family again.  This leaves me with no alternative but to issue my judgment in this matter as . . .”  Charles paused for an instant to survey all the vampires lusting for Mihai’s blood.  “Moarte!”  He bellowed and then vanished into thin air in front of us.
I screamed “NO!” 
Meanwhile, Mihai had transformed into a wolf before Charles even finished the word.  He was ready to defend himself.  Without thinking, I ran out from behind Boden to stand in front of Mihai as the vampires launched themselves towards him.  I didn’t notice where Boden was or how I managed to reach Mihai without him holding on to me, but I knew Boden would have to protect me and then by default Mihai.  Yet it proved to be a pointless move because Mihai used his muzzle to thrust me away from the onslaught.  He sent me sliding across the marble floor with such force I crashed into a marble pillar and thumped my head.  I lay on the floor helpless and slipped into unconsciousness aware that this would probably be the end for all of us except Boden.

* * * *

Chapter 12: This is the End
BODEN PHELAN:

I UNDERSTOOD THE setting inferred an ominous outcome as soon as we entered the room.  The sheer number of vampires flanking the room revealed Charles’s expectation for a fight.  The location, the way his army were dressed, the dim lighting, it all added up to theatrics.  It seemed that Charles wanted to make a spectacle of this.  I suddenly wished Summer wasn’t stood by my side and that I’d left her somewhere safe with the other wolves.
Charles gave Mihai the opportunity to speak, but I listened to my uncle’s thoughts.  They confirmed he did not intend to allow Mihai to walk out of here alive.  As much as I despised Mihai, I felt uneasy about allowing him to meet his end in this setting.  Charles refused to believe the words Mihai spoke and searched for insincerity in Mihai’s thoughts to justify his preconceived desire for execution.  
Summer strongly believed that Mihai reacted in the moment in reaction to the pain of his broken heart at the sight of the woman he loved in the arms of his enemy.  She believed he never meant to hurt Marie and that he was truly wracked with guilt and regretted it every single moment since.  
 I did want Mihai dead, but no longer because of what happened between him and my mother and what he did to my father but because he had stolen a piece of Summer’s heart.  Yet, if I stood by and let Charles destroy him, Summer would never forgive me.  I could not bear looking into her eyes every day and seeing her disappointment and resentment because I stood by and watched someone, she cared for, executed.
When Charles held Mihai’s face, I witnessed the flashes of Summer in both Mihai and Charles’s minds.  Mihai had been unable to hide or restrain his thoughts of love for Summer and Charles’s suspicions were aroused.  It provided him with the additional justification he needed for his intent.  Charles moved towards Summer to read her mind to substantiate his discovery, but I couldn’t permit that. 
My reaction ignited Charles’ intrigue and he questioned why I would stop him.  So, to prevent him from lingering over it too long, I pressed Charles for a decision.  
The vampires surrounding us chanted malevolently.  Their presence was part of the staging for the execution and now they were baying for blood and the rare opportunity to destroy an alpha werewolf.
“Before I decide dear nephew, I am interested to explore something I saw in his mind.  Perhaps he is remorseful for his actions.  Actions that ultimately lost him your mother; his soul mate . . . And perhaps I could therefore reason that he would have continued to suffer with the pain and guilt of that loss . . . However, what concerns me more is that his suffering has diminished because your mother is no longer the love of his life is she?  No.  This animal is going to pass the suffering on to you.  He has fallen in love with your human and plots to steal her from you.”  Charles mused provocatively to entice me into his way of thinking.
“That is not your concern and that is not why he is here.  I will deal with that.”  I snapped in anger. 
The vampires continued to chant around us.  They crouched in preparation to attack as soon as Charles gave the word. 
Summer tried to protest and defend Mihai, but Charles viewed her as nothing more than a pet.  Her protests just gave him further justification.
“I appreciate you’re protection, but I will deal with it.  This is my problem.  His father has been good to me; I cannot allow anything to happen to him here today.  I gave my word.”  I argued.  I would protect Mihai from the vampires should they attack and that would repay my debt, beyond that was up to me.
“Listen to me.  I promised you I would hear him out and leave the pack alone.  I’ve kept my side of the bargain.  I’ve seen the passion in his thoughts and the fact that your human sees fit to interrupt and plead for him provides further evidence that if he lives, it will only end in suffering for you, my dear nephew.  No dog is going to hurt my family again.  This leaves me with no other alternative but to issue my judgment as...”  Charles paused and glanced around at all the vampires lusting for Mihai’s blood.  “Moarte.”  He concluded grievously, angered by my indignation.
Charles swiftly withdrew into the shadows to watch the imminent fight, taking wicked satisfaction from it.  Meanwhile, Mihai had launched into a defence, fending off the attacking vampires as soon as the onslaught began.  Summer disappeared out of the way whilst the focus of the entire room centred on Mihai.  I saw in her mind she was watching the attack from some dark corner of the room and I foolishly believed she would be safe.  I transformed to aid Mihai in fending off the vampires whilst the chorus of pack voices filled my head.  They were charging the castle; Mihai had already shown them we were in the midst of a spiralling attack.  
For now, my responsibility was to keep Mihai alive long enough until the pack reached us.  Once he was placed in their protection, my only duty was to grab Summer and leave this place forever.
Mihai and I worked together biting the vampires, tearing off limbs, devouring what we could whilst they attacked us from all sides.  Charles maintained his position in the shadows paying meticulous attention.  In his mind, he marvelled at my skills and strength, and mused how he could use it to his advantage.  He concealed any remorse for his vampire cohorts who were obliterated in front of him.
Mihai received severe injuries again.  His body wasn’t ready for another ambush so soon after the last horrific attack.  These vampires were experienced fighters; trained to destroy werewolves using their weak spots.  I just needed Mihai to survive a little longer until the pack arrived.
* * * *
The pack charged the gates and down the corridor that led to us.  The cavalry arrived and stampeded the room, momentarily distracting the remaining vampires.  I shifted back, lifted Mihai out of the path of attack, and planned to pass him over to the wolves keeping guard outside.
“What are you doing?  Get her out of here!  You rage at me for getting her a little wet and yet you leave her unprotected in here amongst a room full of blood monsters?”  Mihai fought weakly against me in spite of his pain.  “You don’t deserve her.  Boden let her go, let her be with me.  It’s what she wants deep down.”  He growled and purposely thought about his time with her yesterday during the time they disappeared.  He completed the missing pieces from Summer’s mind.
I found it intolerable.  I wanted to tear him apart, but I had a promise to keep.  Instead, as a way of stopping the torture of his thoughts.  I rammed my elbow against the side of his face and sent him to sleep.  One of the younger wolves, Alvin, trailed around the outskirts of the attack, unsure whether to dive in or wait to be attacked.  I called him over and told him to take Mihai to safety.  Relief flickered in his mind.  He was too young to be here, not quite strong enough, not quite experienced enough to be caught in this vicious melee. 
After Alvin had left, I turned back to the fight.  The wolves had driven through the vampires leaving a handful of hissing vampires baying for their blood.  They no longer needed me.  They could finish this themselves.  My priority was to find where Summer hid herself and get the hell out.
I searched the ballroom.  There was no trace of Summer.  There was also no sign of Charles.  My hackles raised.   I listened hard for her thoughts, hoping what I feared the most, wasn’t happening.
‘Wh . . .Wh . . .What?’ I heard her.  Summer’s thoughts sounded weak and confused.  My hot blood ran stone cold.
“Oh just over a hundred years ago, when I got rid of you the first time, don’t you remember?”
It was Bee.  Bee had her.  What the hell was she doing here?  I was gone for a moment, how could this be happening?  Then it began to dawn on me.  Charles.
I witnessed Bee, through Summer’s thoughts, move threateningly towards her.  I had to find her quickly.  I prayed for Summer to show me where she was.  She had to be somewhere in the castle, but where?
“It was you?  You killed me?”  Summer whispered in fear.
“Yes.  This is the end.  I’ve been watching you since you arrived in Carpathian.  You are not the sweet and innocent girl he fell in love with all those years ago.  I have watched you seduce the werewolf and forget all about Boden while he was valiantly locked into battle with vampires.  I am under no illusions, your death will bring on a bout of melancholy in Boden, but he has seen a different side to you this time, another has so easily turned your head.  You are far removed from the perfect, pure human girl who turned his head.  You are a siren who has betrayed him with the man he holds responsible for the death of his parents no less.  How disgustingly disloyal of you.  He will come to realise that deep down you are not worth waiting for - again.”
“No!  No, Boden understands.  It’s not like what you think.  How did you even know where we were?”  Summer cried with fear slicing through her.
“Hmm . . . You see I spun Boden a web of lies when we first met.  I knew who Boden was and I knew his father, Louis.  You see Louis also loved in the obsessive and depraved way that Boden loves you, but Louis was the most evil, and ambitious vampire I have ever had the misfortune to come across.  He courted the First Vampires with the sole desire of gaining the position of power he craved until one day he found a way to fulfil his ambitions . . . Boden.  And if one must procreate with a mangy werewolf why not lay with the most beautiful.  Marie was perfect for Louis’ plan.”
“I-I don’t understand.  H-h-how could you have known Louis?”  Summer questioned with disbelief.
“Louis was my maker.  Louis was the vampire who murdered my son.  I escaped from him.  I despised him for what he had made me and what he had done to my son.  The hatred consumed me until I realised that the only way to move on was to take my revenge.  I hunted him down but found Charles instead.  We bonded over our common hatred of his brother.  After Charles uncovered Louis’ plan we hatched our own.  We allowed Louis to succeed with impregnating the werewolf and once we were satisfied it had been successful we planned to end his immortality, protect the werewolf until the child was born and then do away with her and steal the child so that we could use the child to further our own standing.  It turned out that the werewolves did the first part of our job for us.  At the time, I felt as if my revenge had been stolen from me.  I needed to feel Louis’ life slip from my hands and truthfully, the power was of little interest to me, I wanted the chance of being a mother again, replace my son to soothe the goddamn relentless ache in my heart..  
“Boden gets his melancholy from his mother, you know.  Her misguided mourning inspired me.  If I could make her death appear as if she gave up on life, the child, although immortal would crave the reassurance and love he lost.  The notion that his mother didn’t want to survive to nurture him would scar him and make him vulnerable.  Once I dealt with Marie, I watched and waited for an opportune meeting with the child.”
Bitch.  I don’t have time to dwell on this.  I must find Summer.  Show me my darling, where is she holding you?
“But, Boden grew too quickly.  I didn’t get enough time with the child.  I wasn’t ready to give him back to Charles and then when he started shifting into that filthy wolf,  I feared we would be discovered and the truth might come out and then I would lose him to Charles or some other ambitious vampire.  We fought and he left me and it felt as if my phantom heart had been ripped out again, but that pain was nothing compared to when he confessed his love for you.
“I wanted to hurt him back twice as deep.  The only way to do that was to destroy his pet human.  He would have come back to me, if it weren’t for that bloody pack.  They spoiled everything. 
“So, I’ve waited long enough.  I know I can’t get him back whilst he persists with obsessing over you and that this time I needed a little extra help.  Charles forgave me and agreed to help on the condition that I delivered Boden to him.  The one thing Boden values above you is his sense of loyalty.  Putting the pack in danger would deliver Boden to us.  
“Which brings us to today. . . Boden needs Charles to inspire his full capabilities.  Charles can show him how to do that and how to hone his skills so that he can be more powerful than the First Vampires.  You are holding him back from his destiny.  Another reason to remove you from the equation.  Your death will deliver a more pliable Boden to Charles and one that will embrace his inner vampire and spur a hatred of all things wolf.  Your betrayal has been an added bonus and I guess I should thank you for that.”  Bernice‘s tone dripped with venom and hate. 
The searing truth of Bernice’s lies and the reality that I lived with the woman who murdered my mother and my true love detonated my anger.  With raging fury I thrashed through one room after the next, punching through walls to get to Summer and Bernice before she could take my love away from me a second time.  I listened to Summer protest to Bee whilst professing her love for me in her thoughts.  Although Summer continued to fight for time, I could see she her slowly accepting that her life in this world would end soon.
 “How can you love him, when you killed Marie and let him believe he wasn’t enough for his mother to fight for her life?  You are evil, incapable of love.”  Summer spat at Bernice.  
 “What you think is of little consequence to me.  I am going to suck you dry through to the last drop of blood.  Boden will turn to his uncle and me for condolence and purpose.”
“You’re wrong!”  Summer shouted, “Even if he does feel that way about me after you’ve killed me, he’ll know everything you’ve just confessed and he’ll hate you for it.” 
 Good girl.  Keep her talking, I’ll find you.  Give me a clue.  
“Oh my dear child, he doesn’t even know I’m here.  The masks were my idea, to give the whole event a bit of drama, but also to keep myself discrete.  No one will ever know.  It will just seem like another cruel twist of fate repeating itself.”  Bernice retorted smugly.  “Poor Boden he can’t seem to keep hold of the women in his life can he?  Charles needs him to secure his promotion within our society and there is no limit to what he’ll do to ensure he gets there.  You are the key to unleashing Boden’s dark side.  You have no place in our world and Boden is a fool for believing otherwise.”  Bernice’s repugnant ego infuriated and repulsed me. 
Her revelations stung but her ranting delayed Summer’s death and that was what mattered. 
Bernice moved closer to Summer.  Summer tried to back away, but the wall trapped her.  They were in a small room, circular.  It had to be one of the turrets.
“You don’t know do you, you stupid pitiable vampire.”  Summer mocked her while Bernice crouched ready to attack her prey.
“He can read my mind, hear my thoughts.”  Summer blurted out, trying to delay the inevitable.  Bernice moved closer and her face grew large and clear in Summer’s mind.
“Yes I am well aware he can read thoughts, you stupid girl, that is why Charles brought you up here, he can’t hear you up here.  We are at the far end of the castle out of range for Boden’s gift.”  Bee cackled in triumph before she sunk her teeth into Summer’s neck.
Summer screamed with the pain.  I had found her.
“No, I am different . . . the bond in this life . . . he can hear my thoughts anywhere, no matter how far away . . .” Summer challenged in a breathless whisper before she lost consciousness, just as I crept into the room to surprise Bernice.  
Her revelation to Bernice created a moment of shock and confusion for Bernice who failed to register my presence.  Instead she released her fangs from Summer‘s neck and shook her to keep her conscious.
“What?”  She screamed.  “Wake-up!  Explain what you mean.”
Blood dribbled down the sides of her mouth staining her skin.  Beauty escaped her face, thanks to the demonic vileness that disfigured it.
“I can hear her anywhere Bee. Now what is that saying?  Ah yes, ‘Absence makes the heart grow fonder?’  Suffice to say I have heard every single syllable of your confession tonight.”  I growled.
Bernice was horrified.  “B, B, Boden.”  Her tongue stuttered over my name as she stood up and released Summer from her grip, leaving her to slump onto the cold stone floor in an unconscious heap.  
With her hands outstretched she beseeched me to forgive her.  Any dismal distorted explanations Bernice may have had for her actions would be a waste of breath.  I launched myself at her and pinned her to the ground.
“Bo, my beautiful child, please be merciful . . . I know what this looks like, but it is for the best.  She betrayed you.  Bo, remember how I cared for you and protected you.”  Bernice begged, panic fraying her seductive tone.
Mercy escaped me.  Her heinous acts erased any virtuous ones.  I roared and tore her head from her body before proceeding to break off each of her limbs.  I grabbed the dismembered torso, limbs and head and piled them up into heap.  I flicked open my lighter and lit her hair.  The fire blazed, swallowing her body and reducing it to ashes.  
While the fire fulfilled its purpose, I bundled Summer up into my arms and raced out of the castle, through the forest and back to the camp to assess the extent of damage Bernice had inflicted upon her.
“Boden what the hell happened to her.”  Mihai gasped when I passed him at the clearing.  The Chief was sat with him, tending to his wounds.
“Bernice got her.”  I muttered in shame.  
“Boden she’s lost a lot of blood,” The Chief noted with concern.
“I’m so sorry.”  I apologised full of regrets.  “I’ve been reckless.”
“Boden, do not beat yourself up.  You tried to resolve it with the least cost to life.  You saved my son, despite how you must feel about him.  You have a wolf’s heart and unfortunately that heart allows you to feel human emotions which are flawed.  I cannot blame you for wanting to be loyal to your newly discovered family or trying to resolve what could not be resolved.  Charles is a vampire.  He has no heart.  He is a dark angel and evil will always surround him.  Listen to me, our priority right now is to save Summer.  She is an innocent in all of this and does not deserve to lose her life in a supernatural battle which has nothing to do with her.”  The Chief stressed. 
The deep night shrouded the clearing in darkness, no light from the moon, only the flames shone in the pitch black.  I lay summer down next to the fire to assess the damage.  Her shallow breathing and fading heartbeat terrified me.  She remained tragically still.
“What do I do?”  I asked, dreading the fact that I might lose her again.
“She needs blood.  Lots of it.  The vampire fed on her to the point of death.”  The Chief hurried.
“And how do we do that?  I doubt you have an intravenous drip lying around.”  I snapped.  The fear of losing the thing I treasured most in this world was agonizing.
“Boden, Please, calm down.  I am sorry, but you need to listen to me now.  The only way you can save her is to turn her.  You need to inject your venom in her now, before she slips away completely.”  The Chief urged.
“No!  Don’t.  Wait!  She doesn’t want that.”  Mihai yelled.
“Son, the only other choice is death.” 
My pain reflected in Mihai’s face.  He too was wrestling with the choice to let her die, or turn her into the monster she hates.
“No, wait.  Our blood-our blood heals, but his, his is a much higher potency.  What if she drank his blood?”  Mihai suggested urgently and jabbed his finger towards me.
“It’s a risk.  If we try it and it fails, death will have taken her and it will be too late.”  The Chief warned.
“Boden please?  If you truly love her, try this.  It will work, I feel it in my soul.”  Mihai begged.
Saving Summer was everything.  Becoming a vampire was her worst nightmare.  I did want to turn her, but I wanted to do it when she was ready, when she wanted it.  Despite my feelings for Mihai, I trusted the depth of his love for her, he wouldn’t risk her life if he didn’t genuinely believe it would work.  I had to try it, but if there wasn’t an immediate effect, I would inject my immortality into her without further hesitation.  I absolutely could not let her perish at the hands of Bernice’s wickedness again. 
 I bent over her and bit my wrist.  The blood flowed and dripped onto her paling lips.  A second passed like an eternity.  Summer lay still.  She made no attempt to swallow.  I stared up at Mihai petrified I had made the wrong decision and fought against my instinct to bite her to release my venom.  
“Be patient it will work.”  Mihai insisted nodding vehemently while his eyes danced between my eyes and her throat.  
I bit my wrist again to re-open the wound.  I held it over her peaceful face and waited.  Then I saw it.  Her lips parted, only slightly but they parted, the blood dripped on to her tongue and then I saw her swallow.
“Give her more.  More.”  Mihai urged impatiently.
I bit my wrist again and this time pressed the open wound to her mouth.  I felt a gentle pull as Summer started to suckle against my wrist.  She swallowed eagerly as if it were water satisfying a dehydrated thirst.  Mihai was right.  Her strength returned and her hands reached up and held my wrist to her mouth while she drew the blood from my wrist more urgently.  
A couple of minutes passed before Summer finally stopped and released my arm. She eased herself up and stared at me with an unrecognisable yet enticing smile and then she reached out and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me closer to her.  Her blood stained lips pressed against mine and demanded a consuming kiss.   We became lost in each other, oblivious to our audience.  Without separating us, I lifted her up and carried her away to be alone.  
In the midst of the lust fuelled haze we tore off each other’s clothes.   I tasted her, she tasted me.  I drove hard inside her as she screamed for more.  Her beauty glowed in her uninhibited, insatiable state and the connection between us transcended anything that came before.  I experienced every emotion and desire as she did.  My blood flowed through her and I was a part of her now.  Nothing would separate us ever again.  
As the sun rose, Summer tired and slipped into a peaceful deep dreamless sleep.  I covered her up with blankets and left her to rest whilst I set out to find Mihai and his father.
The morning fog distorted the camp, swallowing everything in its wake to make it appear as if we had been transported to a plane of nothingness.  Burning embers from last night’s fire glowed like a beacon in the murky mist.  Next to it, father and son stared thoughtfully into the cinders. My approach disturbed their contemplation.  Their heads raised and they watched me with hopeful expressions.
“Morning.”  I greeted them.  They nodded.  “I think it’s time for Summer and I to return home.  She needs some normality, her normality.”  
“She is recovering?”  The Chief prompted.
“Physically yes.  Mentally, well that may take a little more time.  And I wanted to thank you Mihai.  Your wisdom saved her.  I will be forever grateful to you for that.”  I told him graciously.  His wisdom saved Summer, but doomed any hope for him that she would one day chose him over me.
“I didn’t do it for you.”  He growled.  His expression growing darker with each passing moment.
“All the same, I thank you.”  A wry smile crept on to my lips.
“Seeing as you are so full of gratitude, how about you give me five minutes alone with Summer to say our farewells?”  Mihai suggested.  It wasn’t really a question.
 He could take his five minutes with her and cherish it for all I cared.  If it were true that my father used my mother, enticing her with a veil of false virtues to snare her, then Mihai had done the world a favour by destroying him.  My battle with him was over.  Those last moments I grant him will be the last he ever spends with her.  We would never return to this place now that I had repaid my debt to the Chief.  
“Go.  I have matters to discuss with your father.”  I agreed.  
Mihai left his father side and shot through the mist in the direction of the lodge I shared with Summer.  During his brief absence I hurriedly discussed Bernice’s revelations and Charles’s part in the whole saga with the Chief.  All the while, I tuned in to hear Mihai’s goodbye.  Just to be sure.
“Te iubesc Summer.  We should be together.  I have to let you go for now but I will find a way for us to be together.”  He whispered into her ear.  He could plot all he liked, if I so much as smelt him within a hundred miles of her I would hunt him down and destroy him.
Summer didn’t stir from her sound sleep.  I heard his loving thoughts when he lingered to kiss her on the lips.  Jealousy heated my blood.  This time however, I would not react.  We were leaving and there was little value in starting another battle. 
“If Charles has spent the last three hundred and seventy years trying to bring you into his coven, he is unlikely to concede because you exhibited some resistance.  He now has an added advantage of knowing your weakness . . . Summer.  He will use her against you.  Be warned Boden.”  The Chief cautioned.
“I know.”  I sighed, wishing what he had said wasn’t true.  “Her safety is my main concern, but I will also devise a plan to rid this world of Charles.”  
“I wish you luck my son.  Thank you for what you have done for us.”
“I trust my debt is now paid.”  I confirmed.
“Yes.  You saved my son.”  The Chief smiled.  “Go say goodbye to your pack and take yourselves far away from here.  Summer should live in the human world as much as you can allow.”

* * * *
Throughout the entire journey to the airport Summer didn’t rouse from her sleep and no dreams were conjured up by her exhausted mind.  This offered me a few moments of uninterrupted peace in my head.  I took comfort from the strong rhythm of her beating heart, which dispensed a soothing cadence over the hum of the engine.  For the first time in days I relaxed and enjoyed the drive home.

* * * *
Chapter 13: Deceit
SUMMER JAMES:
I AWOKE DISORIENTATED; my head weighed heavily on my shoulders and my stomach rumbled on empty.  I also discovered I was dressed in only my underwear, which was unusual considering for the last few days I had slept in layers and layers of jumpers and tracksuit bottoms to fend off the cold.  Cold.  Yet another strange discovery.  I didn’t feel cold.  I patted and poked around in the darkness. I certainly wasn’t lying on a bay of hay.  No.  A large soft padded mattress lay beneath me.  In my confused state I concluded that Boden had brought me to a hotel.  
Weakness overcame me in a sudden wave and I needed to lie down and be still again.  I pulled the covers over me.  A puffy down duvet covered me, trapping the warmth underneath it.  I inhaled the fresh clean scent enveloping me.  I knew that smell, it was home.  But this was even more baffling.  I questioned whether some or all of what had happened was a dream. Panic grew inside me.  I feared that I could not distinguish reality from dreams and doubted that I was still sane.  I pulled myself up again trying to fathom whether we had even left this house in the first place.
“Shh.  It’s okay Summer; we’re home.  You’re safe now, my darling.”  Boden’s voice whispered in the dark.
“Home?”  I clarified shakily.
“Yes.  We arrived last night.  I’m afraid you have slept for nearly forty eight hours.  You must be starving.  I’ll go and get you something to eat.  Your stomach’s been groaning since we stepped through the door.”  He chuckled; amused by something I couldn’t quite remember and then, before I could answer, he had disappeared into the darkness.
I leaned over and switched on the light and adjusted the oversized fluffy pillows to cushion me against the cold wrought iron. Thoughtlessly, I stroked my neck in search of a wound.  I didn’t find it.  My skin felt smooth and unmarked.  Bernice couldn’t have been a dream.  Her terrifying face and the excruciating pain of her teeth cutting into my neck petrified me and were far beyond the realms of my own imagination to be a dream.  Whereas, the details before and after encountering Bernice were blurred beyond recognition.   
I strained to order my memories.  Mihai’s face and his cheeky smile were crystal clear and sparked the shadow of emotions I experienced when I was around him and the feel of his forbidden kiss.  Recollections of the eerie castle on the hill were less vibrant, but my fear squeezed my insides.  ‘Mihai?  What happened to Mihai?’  I couldn’t remember the exact last moment I saw him.  I hoped with everything I had that he survived that night.
Boden re-entered the room holding a tray piled high with pastries, eggs, bacon, sausages and toast.  “Here get some breakfast inside you and then we’ll talk.”  He insisted to ward off my inquisition until he had seen me eat. 
We sat in silence whilst I gulped down enough food for three.  Boden lay on the bed next to me, watching me until I’d finished.  His gaze carried such intense love and concern I felt guilty for what I wanted to question him about, but I had to know one way or another.
“What happened to Mihai?  Is he alright?”  I blurted out before I even swallowed my last mouthful.
Boden took my hand and rubbed his thumb over my knuckles, watching the delicate movement as he answered me.  “I am sincerely sorry to have to tell you this . . .” He hesitated and my heart raced with trepidation.  “Mihai . . . Well, he didn’t make it.”  
“What?  N-no, no!”  I cried.
“We got him out of there, but his injuries were fatal.  My uncle’s vampires were expertly trained fighters.  His body wasn’t strong enough to withstand the damage they inflicted after suffering such serious injuries only a few days before.  I promise you I helped him as much as I could.”  Boden rushed his words.  “I was distracted . . . with you . . . disposing of Bernice.”
“So he died because of me.”  I cried.  Boden protected me instead of him.  Once again, someone I loved died because of my actions.  My curse continued.
“No!  Absolutely not.”  Boden said and jumped off the bed to pace around the room.  “If anyone was to blame it was me.  I trusted Charles.  I didn’t think anything through and I put everyone’s life at risk, worst of all yours.”  He declared blaming himself.
My tears rained on to the fresh white cotton covers.  I didn’t blame Boden.  How could I?  His first priority was always me.  It was my fault.  I couldn’t escape the coincidence that Mihai had loved me and shortly afterwards he met his death; just like the others.  How could it be right that I was allowed to live and be with my beautiful dark angel?  How could I reconcile that against those that had lost their lives because of me?
Having listened to my contemplation, Boden flew across the room and held me tightly in his arms to reassure me, but it seemed that I was not the one who needed his protection.
* * * *
My guilt and Mihai’s death consumed me.  I wallowed in depression for several days unable to free myself from the bed.  I lacked the strength to pull myself together and move on with my life.  Occasionally Boden left me alone to hunt, but mostly he stayed in his bedroom with me. He sat across the room in silence.  
I knew my behaviour was shameful and because of that it pained me to look at him.  I hid from him beneath the covers.  My depression confined me.  Yet at the same time I needed Boden to be close and I hated the rare occasion when he did leave me to hunt.  When he did, I ached, as if a piece of me vanished until he returned.  Even while I slept, I sensed when he left me alone and then I would wake up in a panic.
One morning, after the usual routine of Boden bringing me the breakfast I wouldn’t eat, instead of sitting across the room as he normally did, he sat down on the bed next to me and clasped his hands either side of my face.
“Summer, my darling, it has been three weeks since we came home.  I understand you are in pain and trapped in the process of mourning, but you need to try and make small steps to move on.  I am here for you.  Please don’t be afraid to talk to me about anything . . . even him.  Talking is cathartic and you need to say what you are feeling out loud.  Ignore the fact I can hear your thoughts.  Speak to me or scream at me, whatever you need.  I love you.  I need to see you smile again.”  Boden whispered in an appeasing tone.  
The pain sparked by his concern burned in his eye.  My despondent behaviour was doing that to him.  I despised myself for feeling like this and unable to break free of the chains of my grief.  Bernice said that I didn’t deserve him.  Maybe she was right.   That thought riled me.  I needed to muster up the strength to unshackle myself from the depression.  I couldn’t continue hurting Boden; my beautiful Dark Angel.  That wasn’t fair.  
“How about I run you a hot bath and let you have some peace?”  Boden offered with a heavy sigh and slowly moved off the bed.
“Thank you.”  I croaked, “Please . . . don’t go far.”  
“I’ll only be downstairs.  I’ll never leave you Summer.”  Boden promised. 
I understood him well enough to know he was trying to give me the illusion of normality, when in reality, he wanted to watch over me every moment and shamefully I needed that too right now.
“Thank you.  You are so thoughtful.  I love you so much.  It’s just . . . difficult . . . you know?”  I promised.
“I understand.”  He agreed, forcing a smile as he left the room.
Whilst I soaked in warm relaxing water, I tried to piece together the last few months so that it made some semblance of sense to me.  When my mind fired up with questions about so many things, it sparked a new lease of energy.  
After my bath, I returned to our bedroom and instead of crawling back into bed as I normally did, I pulled on some clean clothes, opened the heavy curtains to unleash the daylight and made up the bed.  Whilst I ran a brush through my hair, I noticed my rucksack slumped against the wall under the window.   It had been left untouched since we returned, probably because I hadn’t opened the curtains until now.  To keep me occupied, I decided to unpack and sort my washing.  A ‘normal’ activity and a small step towards getting back into day-to-day life.  
I sorted my clothes into colour coded piles on the floor.  Before I returned the rucksack to the wardrobe I rifled through the various pockets to check that it was empty.  When I shoved my hand into the last pocket, I found a folded piece of paper.  I pulled it out and unfolded it expecting it to be a map or flyer left over from sightseeing.  To my surprise, a silver necklace slid out on to the floor.  I picked it up and held it up to the light from the window.  A tiny delicate silver charm in the shape of a wolf with an orange jewel in its middle swivelled around on the chain.  I glanced back at the paper.  
‘My Beautiful Summer, 
This is a magical gift to you from my heart.  Wear it around your neck and I will always be close, thinking of you.  My soul belongs to you.    
Te iubesc, Mihai’
I stroked his name on the note as and fastened the necklace under my hair.  Although I could never consider a life with him in place of Boden, the thought of never seeing him again seared my heart.  The overwhelming sense of grief defeated me again and I collapsed into an uncontrollable sob on the floor.  
* * * *
A few more days fell away until I rediscovered the strength to drag myself into functioning again.   Boden failed in his attempts to hide the unmistakable disappointment and hurt in his eyes.  I hated myself.  It was up to me to rescue our love before the damage cut too deep.  Each time Boden looked at me he glanced down at the necklace with visible resentment raging inside him.  
My first act to put him first was to remove the beautiful necklace Mihai had given me.   While he hunted, I unclasped it and kissed the silver wolf goodbye.  I then placed it inside my keepsake box along with the jewellery my mum had left me.  A small gesture to symbolise the end of my grief for Mihai that had to be confined to the past if I were to move forward with Boden.  He was my future and always had been.
I slipped on a dress and cardigan, brushed my hair and even put on a little makeup to brighten my face before going downstairs to the kitchen to wait for Boden to return from hunting in the forest.  I didn’t have to wait long.
“Morning.  You’re up early.”  Boden noted when he walked through the door.  
“Can we talk?”  I asked growing more nervous when he approached me.
A haunted glaze shadowed his eyes and impossibly, he actually looked tired.  He reached around me and kissed the top of my head.  “Of course Summer.  Whatever you want.”  He agreed with forced a smile and leaned against the counter top on the other side of the kitchen.
I took a deep breath and climbed off the stool.  “I need to apologise to you.  I am so, so sorry for what I’ve put you through; I don’t deserve your love and adoration.  I’ve been incredibly selfish.  You are my dark angel and I have treated you badly.  Will you give me a chance to make it up to you?” A couple of tears escaped from my eyes as I spoke.  The guilt stung after hearing my rehearsed words aloud.
“You’ve removed the necklace.”  Boden noted advancing closer to me.  He reached out his hand and softly stroked my bare neck with his hand.  His warm touch shot electricity through my body.  I had missed that incredible sensation.
“Yes, I’ve put it away.  I won’t wear it again.  It’s the past.”  I promised staring deep into his eyes.
Suddenly Boden clutched my wrists and held them at my side.  My heart pounded.  He encouraged me backwards against the wall and drew a wide effortless smile across his lips as the depth of colour of his eyes intensified with happiness.  He leaned in to me and began a slow trail of tender kisses against my forehead leading down to the tip of my nose.  When he reached my mouth his sweet cushioned lips unleashed his pent up all-consuming passion.  The heat inside me blazed and I ached to feel his touch all over me.  The insatiable desire flowed like a drug that neither of us could get enough of.  Boden lifted my dress and wrapped my legs around his waist.  He held me against the wall as we pressed urgent rough kisses over each other.  The burning sensation I experienced the evening of our angry sex returned as Boden relinquished some of his reserve, which heightened my arousal to an extreme.  I wanted it more and more.  The depression that had weighed so heavily on me,  drifted away into the ether allowing my overwhelming love and desire for my dark angel to rise up.
 “Oh my god,I love you so much it hurts.  I feel like I’m going to burst.”  I proclaimed breathlessly.
Boden smiled.  “You are my moon and stars.  My everything.  I’m glad you came back to me.  I knew you would if I remained patient.”
“You look tortured, I feel so guilty for doing that to you.”  I whispered bowing my head in shame.
“None of what has happened is your fault my darling.  Unfortunately, since meeting me traumatic events have bombarded us, and these have affected you.  Deeply.  I do get that Mihai offered an escape from my extremes.  He was charming, and wild, living what appeared to be simplistic life.  I can also appreciate that losing him brought the other horrors you have suffered back to the surface.  I accepted that you needed time to come to terms with what you truly wanted.  But I have also been wrestling with recent discoveries.  Bernice’s revelations as well as my regret for the state I’ve put you in pains me.  I’ve failed you and my promise to protect you. It has taken all my self-control to block your thoughts for a while because I can’t handle the pain that my actions have caused you, nor the fact that I cannot do anything to soothe it.” He replied soberly as he stroked my hair while we lay naked on the kitchen tiles.
“But this grief, these feelings I’ve been suffering with would be a mere drop in the ocean compared to if I ever lost you.  I know I would die of a broken heart.”  I told him in between placing delicate kisses against his bare chest.
“You will never lose me.  We are bound forever now.”  He grinned with immense satisfaction.
* * * *
That night as I lay in bed next to him, relieved that the cloud I had pulled over us had finally lifted, my thoughts snuck back to the night at the castle.  I remembered Bernice’s taunting cackle and the searing pain when her fangs sliced savagely into my neck.  I recalled her smug revelation about the truth of Boden’s mother demise and her confession that she was responsible for separating us the first time.  Yet despite those vivid memories, my mind couldn’t recover any details about what happened during the blank space of time between then and waking up here in this bed.  
“Boden?”
“Mmm?”
“Will you tell me about what happened that night at the castle, from beginning to end?”  I asked.
He hesitated before he spoke.  “Do you really want to know?  I thought we were moving foraward.”
I cursed myself.  “I do, and that is precisely why I want to know.  My recollections are fuzzy.  I don’t want to keep wondering.  I need to know, to let it rest.”
Boden sighed.  “Okay, then I will tell you.  Mihai was injured, but between us we managed to destroy twelve or fifteen of the vampires before the pack arrived.  Their unexpected entrance surprised the vampires and occupied their attention for long enough for me to grab you and get us out of there.  I thought you were hidden in the dark out of harm’s way.  I was wrong.”
“No wait . . . It’s coming back to me.  I rushed over to Mihai when Charles shouted ‘Moarte’ but Mihai pushed me away, I skidded across the floor and hit my head, and I think I passed out a few moments later.  When I came round, Bernice and Charles were stood over me.” 
“I wasn’t aware of that.  I did see your view of the fight in your mind, but I assumed you were hidden and safe, so I focused on Mihai and the pack . . . That makes sense now.”  Boden paused and then groaned.  “I’ve done a poor job of protecting you.  I’ve put you in danger again and again.  Perhaps you would have been better if I left you alone to live your life.”
“I’m still here aren’t I?  And that’s because of you?  Everything happens for a reason doesn’t it?  I’m safe with you.  I knew you would save me.  I tried as hard as I could to take in every detail for you to find me . . . .  and if Bernice hadn’t captured me we’d never have learned the truth.  It was fate.  Fate has tied us together forever.  I don’t think we could stay apart even if we tried.  Fate will continually cross our paths until we find each other again.  I am really starting to believe that.”  I appeased. 
“Hmmm.  Bernice’s face was a picture when she found me stood behind her; utterly astounded.”  Boden noted. 
“And then what happened.  Please go on.  The fog is driving me crazy.  I need to piece it all together.”
“So, when I burst in, Bernice released you and pleaded my forgiveness, but how could I forgive the murders of the two most important women in my life and her relentless betrayal?  I warned her what I’d do to her if she ever came near you again.  I quenched all the hatred I had for her with the enormous pleasure I got from ripping her apart piece by piece and leaving her hideous corpse burning in the fire. . . .”  Boden trailed off lost in his dark memories with an intense expression that sent a cold chill up my spine.  “I wish I had time to do the same to Charles, but he will be dealt with in good time.”
“But-but what puzzles me is how did you save me?  Bernice fed on me.  I felt my life slipping away from me and you couldn’t save me last time?”
“Last time you were already . . . dead.  I believe Bernice broke your neck the first time.  You wouldn’t have even see her.  This time she wanted me to believe it was a vampire who had fed on you.  She almost succeeded in killing you a second time.  You teetered on the edge of death.  My first reaction was to give you immortality, but I know how much you fear that.  One of the pack suggested that if I could get you to drink my blood, it could heal you rapidly because of its curative potency.”  Boden clarified.
“Ugh! I drank blood?”  My stomach churned.
“You enjoyed it too.  And to think you were worried about me drinking your blood.  I’ll have to watch out for you.”  Boden chuckled attempting to make light of it.
I flicked on the light.  “But if your blood healed me, why can’t I remember?  What happened after that?” 
“My blood had an interesting effect on you.”  Boden teased, his smile broadening.
“Please Boden, tell me?” 
He burst into laughter.  “Let’s just say you turned into a nymphomaniac eager to seduce me several times over.”  Boden couldn’t temper his raucous laugh and the bed shook wildly under the force whilst I frowned at him blushing in a bright shade of crimson.  “Then later, much later, once you were spent, you fell asleep for the next forty eight hours!”  After Boden finally composed himself, his hold tightened and his voice dropped to a whisper, deep and seductive.  “Our connection is even deeper now and a thousand times more powerful while my blood pulses through you.  Not only has it boosted your mortal immunity against illness but more importantly for me, not only can I hear you, I feel your emotions as they ignite inside you.”  His words vibrated like a purr, resonating within me.  He shifted and held me beneath him.  “For example when I kiss you like this . . .”  His mouth pressed against mine. My lips parted expectantly waiting to taste him and caress his tongue.  His hips pressed against me and I could feel how hard for he was and I was equally hungry for him.
Then he pulled away and sat back on his heals, breathing hard and raked his hands down his face.  I lay still.  I felt a little stunned until the lust filled haze started to thin.  “Why did you stop?”  I asked in a breathy voice and reached out to him.
“I get swept up in our desire.  I still have to be careful.  I have to control myself so as not to hurt you.”
“You lost some of your control earlier, didn’t you?  Yet the marks on me disappeared much quicker this time.  Is that because of your blood?”
Boden sighed and raised his voice a little “Yes . . .”
“But you said I was like some sort of raging sex fiend afterwards and from the glint in your eyes I don’t think you stopped me?  In fact I think you may have taken advantage of me?” I teased a little, hoping to smooth out his frown.
“I did not call you a sex fiend and no, I did not stop you.”  Boden sighed and rested the palms of his hands flat on his thighs as he looked skyward.  “Your melancholy has affected me too.  In some ways it has weakened me.”
A pain stabbed me. “I am so sorry.”  I whispered as I sat up and wrapped my arms around his waist and pressed my cheek against his chest.  My regret for the pain I caused him cut me like a knife and yet Boden leant over me and kissed my head tenderly without an ounce of resentment.  
“Summer, you have nothing to be sorry for.  Please don’t torture yourself with guilt.”  He soothed stroking my hair to the ends and back.
“Boden?” 
“Mmmhmm?”
I wasn’t sure I was brave enough to ask the question aloud because I wasn’t certain I wanted a truthful answer, and yet it was an unanswered questioned I had turned over in my mind many times since we returned.  Would you have turned me into a . . .Vampire, if no one had suggested trying to heal me with your blood?  
“Yes.”  Boden confirmed and cupped my head in his hands so that he could look down into my eyes. “Without hesitation.  I know immortality frightens you, but I want you to consider it.  I can’t protect you from everything and it pains me to think I could lose you over something I have no control over.”  He spoke softly but the passion he felt about it bled into his eyes.
“I don’t want to be a sadistic monster?  One without a heart and no humanity.  How could you love that?  I wouldn’t be me!”  Tears welled in my eyes.
“You won’t be a monster.  You will still be you.  Not all vampires are like the ones you’ve encountered.”  He brushed away an escaped tear and kissed the tip of my nose.  “And besides you would have my venom and my blood.  That means you would undoubtedly be different to your run-of-the-mill vampire.”  A smirk played on the edge of his lips and I smiled through my raining tears.  “I would teach you how to hunt to satisfy your thirst so that you would never need to hurt any human.  But, I promise I won’t give you immortality without your consent, unless your life depends on it.”  He defended.   “Just think about it, think about what it could mean for us?”
Boden’s silky tone lulled me into the possibility of spending an eternity with him - a literal ‘happily ever after.’  However, I lacked the faith he did that I wouldn’t turn out just the same as Ben or Bernice.  I understood his point about not being able to protect me from everything and eventually we would look ridiculous as a couple.  How could he possibly love a crinkly infirm old woman in the way that he loves me now?  But it was just too soon to consider something as significant as immortality after what we’d been through especially when there were no guarantees of what I would become.
“I promise I will think about it, but I need time.  In the meantime, I would love for us to have some time together alone without any drama and just enjoy each other for a little while.”  I compromised.
Boden’s breath brushed my ear. “I can wait a little longer.”  
“Can I ask you one more thing . . . about Bernice?” I began.
Boden sighed.  “Of course, but after that let’s move on to a lighter topic of conversation.  You have taken a giant leap today, let’s not risk a relapse with an overload of information that will cause you further distress.”  Irritation cut his tone, although he did also attempt to divert me by scattering delicate kisses along my neck and across my shoulder.
“You knew it was Bernice that killed me the first time didn’t you, I mean before she confessed it to me?”  
Boden paused and then pulled away from me.  His frown reappeared as he searched my eyes as if he were contemplating whether to be completely honest with me.  “Yes.  I suspected it from the moment I saw her at Lauryn’s engagement party.  I didn’t want to consider it a possibility.  For all intents and purposes she had been my mother.  Who wants to believe that their mother would be capable of causing them that degree of pain?   Then when you had the dream about the note, the image was crystal clear in your mind.  It was her handwriting sprawled across the paper.  I shouldn’t have waited. . .  I should have obliterated her much sooner.  Oh God!” he roared. “I am so furious with myself.  I was remiss in my duty to you Summer.  I do not deserve to have you back in my life.”  He leapt off the bed and stomped around the room.
“I get it, you loved her you didn’t want to have to do what you did unless she forced you to.  But I am here.  I am with you.  Bernice is gone.  Mihai is gone.”  My stomach twisted jarring inside me when I spoke his name, but I buried my urge to linger over the loss and persisted with my reassurance.  “The danger has gone.  Now we can just be together and be happy.  I shouldn’t have asked.  It was a stupid question.  I love you so much and you have given me this amazing fantastical existence that is beyond my full comprehension.  Let’s leave the past behind and just move forward . . . Together?”  Tears rolled down my cheeks.  My heart wanted to burst with the overwhelming feeling of love I had for him.  
Boden watched my expression and wiped the tears from my cheeks.  “It wasn’t a stupid question.  It is one I have heard floating around in your mind.  Don’t be afraid to ask me anything.”
“Right then.  Fresh start.”  I declared.  “So, if the weather’s good tomorrow why don’t we go up to the beach?”  I suggested.  The beach was our slice of heaven and the perfect starting place for our new life together.
“Wonderful idea.”  Boden whispered and held me against his chest as if I were the most precious thing he had ever held in his arms.  

* * * *

The next morning I woke up to a loud buzzing sound.  On the side table near the bed my mobile vibrated noisily against the wood on silent mode.  I squinted around the room.  Bright daylight pierced through a gap in the curtains and stung my sleepy eyes.  Boden’s warmth was absent from my side but I knew he wouldn’t be far away.  I rubbed my eyes and fumbled over the table to grasp my phone.   Eleven o’clock shone on the screen.  I pulled myself up and read the source of my wake-up call -  a text from Lauryn.   She wanted our address so she could send us her wedding invite.  Apparently she had sent the other invitations out weeks ago, but hadn’t been able to get hold of us whilst we were away. 
“Good morning sleepy head.”  Boden purred appearing from nowhere.
I yawned.  “Morning?  It’s nearly lunch time.  Why didn’t you wake me?”  I broke into a beaming smile.  I couldn’t help myself.
“You looked too peaceful; too beautiful.”  Boden replied indulgently as he climbed on to the bed next to me.  “I’ve been thinking.  Instead of spending all day at the beach when the weather is still a little cool, why don’t we go and see Lauryn and pick up the invitation.  Afterwards, if you feel up to it, we could do a bit of shopping in town, and perhaps have dinner out somewhere this evening?  Make a whole day of it?” 
 Although the beach was my favourite place, his suggestion tempted me too.  “Okay that sounds fun.”  I agreed happily.
* * * *
We arranged to meet Lauryn in town during her lunch break.  As soon as we entered the built up town my anxiety flared.  I thought I would be okay knowing that the threat had been eliminated, but perhaps having spent a number of weeks in isolation, the bustling town overwhelmed me.
“Summer, my darling, please calm down.  This is your reality.  You have nothing to fear here.”  Boden mollified as we entered the busy underground car park.  “We’ll be meeting Lauryn soon and she’ll think I’ve done something terrible to you if you turn up in this state.”  He teased.
Thoughts emerged with rapid connections in my mind.  ‘Lauryn-Shop-Bernice-dead.’
“Lauryn believes Bee is away on a trip.  Just act normal.  I’ve sorted it all.”  Boden answered my thoughts.  “Lauryn will receive an unexpected inheritance in the next couple of weeks.”  Boden winked.
I nodded and gulped hoping to suppress the feeling of dread all by myself.  Boden blurred around the car and opened my door for me.  When I stood up, he met me with a kiss that instantly pacified the anxiety. I guess I did need some help.
We made our way through the shopping centre and over to the coffee shop where we’d arranged to meet Lauryn.  To my relief Lauryn barely mentioned Bernice during our catch-up.  Even though I knew Bernice was gone, the mere mention of her name sent shivers down my spine and resurfaced bleak memories.  Fortunately, Lauryn’s conversation cantered around her wedding preparations just as it should have done.  She had planned everything down to the finest detail.  
“You can come can’t you?”  Lauryn insisted bursting with excitement.
“Oh yes.  Definitely.”  I promised.
“Listen, I’m sorry I haven’t asked you to be bridesmaid, but my sister is chief bridesmaid and Gabriel’s sister has two daughters so obviously we had to ask them.”  She babbled apologestically.
“Lauryn, don’t be silly.  That’s how it should be.  Family comes first.”  I placated.
Lauryn glanced at her watch.  “Sorry, I really wish I could stay longer but I’ve got to go.  The new girl’s on her own and she is not very confident yet.”  She stood up to leave and gathered her bag. “Oh! I almost forgot, my Hen night is in two weeks, you will come to that too won’t you?  You can stay at mine, there’s a few of us stopping over?”
“Oh . . . erm . . . of course.”  I accepted, but my mind was already considering excuses for later.  
The thought of being alone without Boden for even a couple of hours seemed unimaginable after what we had been through, never mind an entire night.
“Brilliant!  Sorry, I really must go.”  Lauryn smiled and hugged me before she rushed out the cafe, although she quickly returned in a fluster.  “Whoops, also forgot to say, Gabriel would love you to attend his stag night Boden.  It’s the same night.  Gabriel and his mates are stopping at the hotel down the road.  I’ll get him to add another room to the reservation.”  Lauryn panted with a huge grin before she disappeared out of the cafe again.  
“Well that works out perfectly doesn’t it?  I can keep a close eye on you.”  Boden grinned.
“I suppose.”  I agreed, although it didn’t entirely alleviate my apprehension about being apart from him in crowded bars and clubs, even if it was for only a few hours.
After our late lunch, Boden and I wandered around the shops for a couple of hours.  He bought me whatever caught my eye, despite my protests.  This was another side effect to his gift.  I only had to think about something and he would disappear off to buy it whilst I stood admiring it and although it was sweet and incredibly generous of him, it made me feel uncomfortable.  I didn’t deserve to be spoiled after everything I’d put him through.
“You’re looking tired, my darling.  Perhaps we should head home?”  Boden suggested as the time approached six o’clock.  
His observation surprised me.  I didn’t feel tired and I was enjoying our time doing something as everyday as shopping.  It reminded me of our holiday.  Just the two of us in between the crowds behaving the way normal people do.  No mystical creatures hiding in the shadows or threat of vampire attacks.
“Honestly I’m fine. I slept all morning.  I’m looking forward to dinner.” 
“I know you are, but I am still worried about you and I don’t want you to overdo it.  I want you to take things gently, a step at a time.  Let me take you home and I promise we will go out to dinner another night.”
Boden drove us home at his usual high speed pace and the journey flew by in a blurr.  When we arrived home, he dutifully carried the bags upstairs for me and left me to sift through all the gifts he’d treated me to.  After I was done I perched on the window seat and gazed out over the black tree tops, admiring the sparkling stars.  At last, happiness felt within reach.
“How about I run you up to the beach and we can have an evening under the stars?”  Boden whispered against my ear making me jump at his quiet reappearance.  “Make up for not taking you out for dinner?”  He chuckled giving me a flash of his mischievous smile when I turned to face him.
I knew that smile.  Boden was definitely up to something.  I leaned against his chest.
“You don’t need to make anything up.  I am happy and besides it’s too dark and cold now.”
“Nonsense.  Wrap up warm and I’ll light a fire.  You’ll just have to stay extra close to me.”  He purred in his irresistible tone.
I grabbed my padded coat and hat and followed Boden downstairs.  Once we were outside Boden transformed into a wolf and lowered himself so I could climb onto his back.  He ran through the damp forest at an accelerated speed even though the forest was cloaked in the pitch black night thanks to the tree top canopy that blocked the beam of the moon from everything beneath it.  This time my fear wasn’t as debilitating as usual and the need to hide my head disappeared allowing me to watch the trees appear out of nowhere from the shadows and then vanish again behind us.  Exhilaration flowed through me.
When we approached the top of the forest, I noticed clusters of tiny bright lights flickering in the distance.  I hadn’t noticed them before, but then again I usually covered my eyes when it turned dark.  Boden pushed harder, increasing his speed and forced me to grip on to him as tight as I could to prevent the thrust from dragging me off him.  The glow from the tiny lights grew brighter.  There were hundreds scattered over the trees lining the edge of the forest, like a Christmas display.  Boden halted and lay down.  I swung my leg over and slid off him.  The magical lights mesmerised me.  They called me to them.  I was vaguely aware that Boden was trailing behind me and I didn’t think about why he hadn’t caught up to me until I stumbled down on to the sand.  It was then that I discovered the tiny lights were pretty lanterns draped over branches and several more marked a path on the beach to lead me down to a table dressed with candles and a vase bursting with white peonies.  Floating lanterns also gently bobbed up and down on the calm night sea and drifted towards the moonlight. 
“Wow Boden this is magical.”  I whispered in awe.
He blurred past me and lit the fire and the candles on the table to complete his spell.
“Wow.”  I whispered again, utterly spellbound by his surprise.
“Come here, sit down with me.”  Boden called, pulling out a chair for me like a leading man in a black and white movie.
“When did you do all this?”
“This morning, whilst you slept.”  He flashed his cheeky smile.
“You spoil me far more than I deserve.  I am the one supposed to be making up to you.  How can I compete with this?”  I blushed.
“There’s plenty of time for that.” 
Boden drew out a picnic basket from under the table filled with delicious treats.
“A moonlight picnic as well?  That is incredibly romantic, thank you so much.”  I gushed.  
“There’s one more thing.”  Boden began as he knelt down on one knee on the sand beside me.  
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small gift box.  My pulse raced in anticipation and I couldn’t suppress the smile that beamed across my face.
“Summer, you are my moon and stars.  My love for you is infinitum.  Please will you make me the happiest creature alive and marry me?”  Boden opened the delicate gift box and revealed a dazzling diamond engagement ring.
Overjoyed tears filled up my eyes.  “Yes-Yes.  Yes!”  I shrilled flinging my arms around him.
“You are truly mine now; nothing will ever part us again.”  He whispered and planted delicate kisses along my neck.
Later, after we consumed all the wonderful treats, Boden laid a blanket on the sand near the fire so that we could lay down together and gaze at the stars, whilst listening to the waves gently crashing nearby.  As we lay there,  I held up my hand to admire the beautiful diamond ring and watched it glisten when it caught the light from the lanterns and the raging fire.
“Boden, when will I be your wife?”  There had never been any time to think about our future, but now I felt impatiently excited.  
“As soon as you want.  It can be as private or as lavish as you wish.  Whatever you want it’s yours.”  His indulgence seemed endless.
“As soon as possible.  But after Lauryn’s.  It would be wrong to do it before her.”  I cooed.  “I’d be happy with something intimate just the two of us.”  I added twisting over on to my stomach still admiring my ring.  “What about you?  What do you want to do?”
“If that’s what you want, that’s what we’ll do.  I just want you to be my wife at last, that’s all that’s important to me.  How about one month from today?”  Boden turned on his side and stroked my hair.
 “Perfect.  Boden.  .  .  now that I am going to be your wife . . . can I ask  .  I don’t mean to be crass, but where does all your money come from?  I appreciate everything you give me, but it’s all so expensive, the holiday, the hotels and the gifts.  You don’t allow me to contribute at all.”
“Hmm my wife?  That sounds good.”  He chuckled.  “I promised to look after you and I meant it in every sense.” 
“Boden please, you’ve told me you’re a vampire werewolf, what can be bigger than that?”  I begged.
“Alright, alright.  If it is so important to you.  Some of my money comes from long term investments, art or property and I have a business in Siberia.  Money will never be a worry even if we live forever, so you don’t need to concern yourself with it.”  His old fashioned sensibilities shone through.
“Wow.”  I gazed at the beautiful ring.  “I can’t believe I am going to be your wife.”  I wanted to jump up and down and scream with happiness. 
Boden leaned over me and kissed me.  
“This has been a perfect day.”  I beamed. 
“I’ve waited a long time for this.  Once I knew you had come to terms with everything, I couldn’t wait any longer.  After all, we should have had one hundred and twenty one years together by now.”  Boden mused.
I smiled and cuddled up close to him under the stars.  It was the happiest moment I had ever had.
As soon as the spring night air turned frosty Boden brought me home and disappeared again to collect the things from the beach whilst I got ready for bed.  High on happiness I lay in bed wide awake unable to take my eyes off of the exquisite ring and thought to myself how lucky I was to have someone as special as him to love and take care of me.  Our future seemed so perfect, especially now that all truths were shared between us and the past firmly behind us.


* * * *


Chapter 14: Ghosts

BODEN STRETCHED OUT on the hotel bed with his hands behind his head.  I climbed on top of him and held his arms against the pillow whilst he grinned up at me.
“Why don’t we just stay here, I’m sure they won’t miss us?”  I suggested.
“Summer, there is nothing to fear.  It’s just a few drinks with your friends to celebrate Lauryn’s hen night.”  Boden replied and switched places in a blur so that I lay underneath him. 
“I don’t feel strong enough yet?”  I pouted.
“Summer you demanded to be in a room flanked with vampires.  You put your own life at risk to protect what you cared for and you fought for your life against a vampire driven to suck every last drop of blood out of you.  Now you’re telling me you’re not strong enough to go out with your friends and have fun for a few short hours, knowing I’m only breath away?”  Boden raised his eyebrow accentuating his doubtful expression.  “Stop being silly and go and get ready.  We have forever to be alone.”  He insisted as he jumped off the bed and gestured towards the bathroom.
“Okay, okay.”  I agreed and shuffled into the bathroom.  I understood his point but things were different now.  Any distance between us stirred up unwanted fretfulness that I couldn’t control.  It seemed that I was inexplicably tied to him whether I liked it or not.
* * * *
The time to meet up with Lauryn and Gabriel arrived quicker than I hoped and my heart accelerated with the unease growing inside me.  Breathlessness and a sensation of dizziness soon accompanied it.
“Summer, I won’t be far away and we’re all going to meet up in the club later.”  Boden reassured.  
I smiled and stumbled to sit on the bed for safety.  His words didn’t ease my symptoms.  “Let me soothe your fear away.”  He added with a broad grin flashing across his perfect face.  I wondered whether he secretly enjoyed my fear of being without him.  “Come over here.  Look at me.”  He beckoned walking towards me. 
I moved off the bed unsteadily towards him with my head spinning and my heart palpitating.  Boden reached out his hands and placed them around the back of my neck.  His touch relaxed and calmed me in an instant.  I gazed up into his beautiful cobalt eyes and fell under their spell.  He leaned in to kiss me, lingering for a moment or two before he drew away. 
“Let’s go?  Everything will be just perfect.  You’ll have a great time.”  His musical voice spoke in a hypnotic tone soothing away my panic and fear and I found my balance again.
I picked my purse up off the bed and took Boden’s arm whilst he escorted me across the town centre to meet Lauryn and her group of hens.  Before he left me, he kissed me once more, leaving a fresh wave of peace flowing through me.  
The group of hens grew to a party of twenty by the time everyone had joined up several minutes later.  As the night progressed, we all became increasingly tipsy on silly drinking games, releasing our inhibitions and dancing over enthusiastically to cheesy songs from a decade ago. 
By the time midnight loomed I had been lost in the revelry for some time.  Friends screamed in each other’s ears to be heard over the thumping music, whilst I swayed and sipped on yet another glass of Smirnoff Caipiroska.  I glanced around the dance floor at the sea of unfamiliar faces hoping to find Boden’s beautiful eyes.  Unfortunately his face remained absent.  Yet one face did stand out more than the others did, far across to the other side of the bar.  I paused and stared at the face, narrowing my blurry eyes to focus them.  I shook my head in disbelief to wake me.  The beautiful stranger lingering in the shadow across the room returned my gaze with his glowing emerald green eyes.  Mihai.  It couldn’t be.  Had I hallucinated an image of Mihai?  At the very least, was it possible that a human double existed?  I wobbled on my high heels and lost my balance, averting my gaze for an instant.  When I looked for him again, the striking stranger had vanished.
“Hey what’s up, you look like you’ve seen a ghost?”  Lauryn laughed, as she passed me another drink.
“I thought I did.”  I replied bemused, still searching the room.  
“Are you having a great time?”  Lauryn shouted in my ear.
“Yes the best.  Are you?”  I really was enjoying myself.  It seemed like a lifetime ago that I had spent time with my friends like this and for the first time in a long time, I relaxed and lost an inhibition or two, although Boden’s magical lingering kiss certainly helped.
“Yep.  We’re going to move on to the club now.  Are you ready?” 
I nodded eagerly in anticipation of my reunion with Boden.  Our group gathered and trailed over to the club up the road.  One of Lauryn’s friends happened to be the girlfriend of the head bouncer at the club so we were rushed through like VIP’s past the queue and straight into the club.  When we stepped inside, we were transported into a French boudoir, deep red flooring, ornate metal details and velvet black seating with low atmospheric lighting.  We all secured more drinks at the bar before moving on to the dance floor.  The music in the club thumped more Ministry of Sound than cheesy pop, but we were so drunk we would dance to anything without caring how out of step with the beat we were.  We just teased each other and laughed at our silly exaggerated moves.  
An hour or so later whilst absorbed in the circle of hens laughing and joking about times long since passed somebody tapped me on the shoulder.  I flinched in surprise and twisted around to see who it was.
“Hi Summer.  Are you okay?”  Paul shouted in my ear so that I could hear him over the music.
“I’m great thanks.”  I replied and pointed over to Lauryn.  “It’s Lauryn’s hen night.” 
Paul took hold of my arm and pulled me over to the side of the dance floor. 
“I heard about your boss, Bernice Cale.  It must have come as quite a shock?”  Paul fished.
I nodded and watched the dance floor.
“Ben told me that Bernice and Boden knew each other for some years.”
I nodded again, feigning a distracted glance, whilst my heart panicked.
“The deaths of three of the people close to you within less than six months.  Tragic. . . .”  Paul was trying to hint at something.  “How long have you been with Boden now?”
“Paul I . . . er . . . Don’t know what you’re trying to—”  I began but stumbled with drunken legs.  
Paul caught my arm.  “Summer, there is something strange going on.  You don’t need to be afraid.  I’ll help you.”  Paul said urgently close against my ear.
“Summer?  There you are.”  Boden’s familiar deep voice interrupted us.  Boden didn’t need to shout, his low intimidating voice cut right through the music.  
Paul released my arm and Boden put his arms around my waist, pulling me back against his body and kissed my cheek.  Paul smiled awkwardly and turned away to vanish into the shadows without another word.
“See I told you I wouldn’t be far away.”  Boden chuckled, amused by his effect.
“He knows!  He’s piecing it together.”  I told him.
“What does he know exactly?  That Ben, Charlotte and Bernice all died?  Were any of their deaths deemed as suspicious?  No.  Do they all have believable plausible and evidenced explanations?  Yes.  He has conjecture.  That’s all.”
“I hope you’re right.”  I muttered.  “So have you just got here then?”  I tried to twist around to face him but as I moved, I swayed and almost toppled over. 
Boden laughed raucously but held me steady.  “Yes.  Gabriel’s over there.  I must tell you your mind is extremely amusing when you’re this drunk.” 
I glanced over to see where the others had gone.  Lauryn and Gabriel were kissing as they moved out of time with the music.  The other girls seemed to have dispersed around the club with the other stags.  Unable to control my feet I gave up and threw my arms around Boden, pressing up close to him.  His erotic scent compelled me to kiss him with irrepressible passion without any thought to where we were.  
“Come on you; let’s get you back to the hotel before you do something indecent to me.”  Boden teased in a soft whisper.
Boden didn’t take the risk of allowing me to walk out of the dark club in my inebriated state; instead, he swept me up into his arms and carried me all the way back to our hotel and up to our room.  He threw me on to the bed heroically and ripped off his shirt.  Unfortunately when I lay my head down on the bed the room spun, twisting my stomach with it.
“Bo.....”  I began as the alcohol tried to escape me.  But Boden having already heard and sensed it, transferred me to the bathroom before I could say his name.
The night was not a romantic one.  In fact I spent most of it crouched over the toilet.  I begged Boden to leave me alone, embarrassed by my ineptness at handling my alcohol consumption, but he ignored me and opted to sit with me and rub my back with his soothing touch.
“How come you weren’t drunk or at least I don’t think you were from what I can remember?”  I queried after my stomach had started to settle when the sun rose up in the morning sky.
“Summer, alcohol has no effect on me.  Even drugs have no effect on me.”  He whispered stroking my hair.  
Exhausted I rested my head against his chest whilst we sat on the cool bathroom floor.
‘I’m sorry about this.’  I thought, cringing when the patchy memories of the night before flickered in my mind.
“Don’t be silly you’re only human after all.  Besides, I found it utterly hilarious.  They way your mind works and the way you move when you’re intoxicated is very enlightening.”  He laughed.
“Huh so much for your blood stopping me from getting ill.”  I mocked in playful retaliation.
“Summer, my blood will help you fight illness, not self inflicted alcohol abuse.”  He teased.  “Now if you were immortal then it would be a different matter.”
“That’s one positive I suppose.”  I teased.
“And the fact we could be together forever of course.”  Boden added 
“Yes that’s one other small advantage.”  I smiled.
* * * *

A week later we attended Lauryn’s wedding.  Her eye for detail shone through in the seamless planning from the venue; the flowers; the food; and through to the wedding party outfits, everything seemed to drop into place and create a romantic welcoming setting for everyone involved.  
In spite of how wonderful Lauryn and Gabriel’s wedding had been, it didn’t alter my choice to keep our wedding as a small intimate blessing without the fuss.  My life with Boden had only ever been about the two of us orbiting around each other unable to detach ourselves completely no matter what happened between or around us.  It would therefore seem odd to include anyone else.
“Shall I tell you which one I like the most?”  Boden teased.
“No.  It doesn’t matter.  I’m not making the choice.  Lauryn is.  That way I can keep it a secret from you.”  I told him. 
 Although traditions and superstitions hadn’t really helped me the first time around, I didn’t want to leave anything to chance for this one.  I chose three dresses and asked Lauryn to select one, pick it up for me and surprise me on the morning of the wedding to keep the final dress a secret.  She thought I had gone mad at first, but I managed to persuade her that I needed her to make the choice for me because I couldn’t decide between them and wanted her better judgement.  It wouldn’t entirely be a secret from Boden as he’d seen the choices in my head when I found them, but at least he wouldn’t know which one until the last possible moment.  
Boden and I also agreed to spend the eve of our wedding apart.  I accepted Lauryn’s invitation to stay at hers whilst Boden planned to stay nearby at a hotel.  We planned to meet up at the town hall the following morning with Lauryn and Gabriel as our witnesses.  By midday, Boden and I would be husband and wife and I could not wait.
“I’ll just have to wait until tomorrow morning then.”  Boden smiled.  “By the way I’ve organised our honeymoon.  It’s going to be somewhere very special.”  Boden tempted mysteriously.
“You’ve not gone crazy have you?  I don’t need extravagance I just need you.” 
“The honeymoon is my choice.  You’ll find out when we get to the airport.”  He laughed.
I narrowed my eyes at him playfully.  “I suppose we should get going now?”  I sighed with mixed emotions, dreading being apart from him, but impatient with the anticipation of becoming Mr and Mrs Phelan. 

* * * *

Chapter 15: Missing 
BODEN PHELAN:

RECENTLY, LIFE WITH Summer finally blossomed into perfection.  She pushed the past behind her and grabbed our future with both hands and I loved her even more for it.  I loathed lying to her about him, but I had no choice.  If she knew he were still breathing it would spark curiosity and perhaps longing.  My lie made certain she would let go of her feelings for him.    
Lauryn and Gabriel’s wedding had been a romantic and lavish affair and it seemed the perfect prelude to our intimate nuptials.  Although Summer had asked for a small wedding, she didn’t stipulate anything about the honeymoon.  I planned an opulent and exotic getaway where we could be alone in paradise in the hope that I could convince her that this would be our life forever if only she surrender to immortality.
On the eve of our wedding, we drove to Lauryn’s house as arranged.  Thanks to my blood flowing through her veins, when we were apart, Summer suffered from separation anxiety, and this gave her no choice but to allow her to utilise my calming effect on her.  Summer had grown particularly apprehensive about spending the night apart, but I persuaded her she would be fine.  I promised her a normal life as far as that would be possible, and we both agreed that if we were going to be married we should embrace the traditions and human superstitions that surrounded the ritual.  After all, our separation would last only a few short hours, during most of which she would be fast asleep dreaming of our betrothal.  
Part of me did want to be selfish and concede.  I ached for her as much as she did for me.  I would miss the delicate flutters her face performed whilst she dreamt and the subtle way her expression relaxed when she sunk into a deeper dreamless sleep.  The gentle rise and fall of her chest hypnotised me as is settled into its calm night time rhythm.  In truth, they would also be some of the things I would miss the most if she accepted my invitation into immortality.  
One hundred and twenty one years of waiting for her during those dark days seemed like forever and yet I had survived them.  Now I only needed to be patient for the next fourteen hours until my dream finally materialised and Summer and I become man and wife.  Just a small droplet of time to pass. . .Yet the promise of her as mine in every sense, human and immortal, filled me with excited energy that pulsated through me generating great impatience.  Time teased me with its insistence to fall away at such a lethargic pace.  With each marked second I became closer to a caged animal pacing up and down the hotel room.  I needed to release the pent up feelings building within me and experience the soothing caress of night air against my body and in my lungs.  As soon as her sweet mind fell silent I broke free and became animal, running and hunting until dawn to distract my compulsion to grab Summer and run back to our home.

* * *
Summer’s mind was still peaceful even after I had returned to the hotel and stepped into the shower to wash away my night time activities.  I took comfort from her ability to sleep so soundly ahead of our big day, although perhaps I had injected her with a little too much calm before I left.  Either way, at least she would be well rested for the day and night I had planned. 
My mobile vibrated against the bedside table.  I turned off the water and listened for Summer in my head.  Her thoughts were silent.  I wasn’t expecting anyone to call.  Practically no-one had the number.  I walked into the bedroom and saw Lauryn’s name flashing across the screen.  Odd.
“Lauryn?  What is the matter?  Is everything alright?”  I answered curtly as a feeling dread came over me.
“Is Summer with you?”
“No.  Why would she be with me?”  I spoke carefully so as not to escalate her frenzy further, although mine was now ablaze.
“She-she’s disappeared.  She’s left her phone-her clothes, even shoes.  She’s left everything!”  Lauryn cried.  “Gabe’s calling the police now.”
“I’m coming over.”  I replied and hung up.
I transformed into my wolf form to get to Lauryn’s house as soon as I could.  It was far quicker than trying to conquer the one way system around the town in my car.  My paws pounded the ground and the wind pulled at my fur as I travelled at a speed faster than I have ever moved before.  The deafening silence of her thoughts crowded my head, even overpowering the muffled thoughts of people close by.  I prayed to whoever would listen to me that I would find her alive.  I refused to believe the silence meant she was dead, not again, not now when we were so close to perfect happiness.
“Show me where slept!”  I demanded as soon as I arrived at the open door.
“Through there, upstairs and to the left.”  Lauryn hurried whilst Gabriel comforted her.  
“She’s probably sleepwalking somewhere.  She’s been doing it a lot lately.”  I shouted out  as I dashed up the stairs without bothering to conceal my speed in front of the humans.  
When I reached the guest room, it was obvious she had slept in the bed.  Her scent was on the sheets and pillow.  I also saw that her clothes were folded on a chair and her shoes were underneath.  Hanging over the wardrobe door was a dress bag that held one of the three wedding dresses she had picked.  There were no signs of a struggle.  Nothing knocked over or broken not even the window, it appeared as if she had just vanished.  The police would find no clues.  Another missing person to add to their list and file away.  But I understood what had happened.  An overpowering and infuriatingly familiar scent marked the room.  Mihai.  He had been in here and taken her.  
The silence puzzled me.  Summer couldn’t hide from me.  At times in Carpathian, there had been a fuzzy connection when Summer had spent time with him, almost like some sort of a blind spot, but this was different; this was emptiness.  Since she drank my blood, I could feel her emotions.  Right now they were calm and silent like they were whilst she slept.   There were two things I could be absolutely certain of she hadn’t gone with him knowingly and Mihai hadn’t killed her.
The only other way he could silence both her thoughts and emotions would be to sedate her enough to keep her locked in a dreamless state for as long as possible to allow them to escape.  He must have administered a heavy dose because she had been dreamless for hours.  
Mihai couldn’t keep her asleep forever.  She would wake up soon and then I would know where he had taken her, and when I did, he would pay violently for his actions.  My debt to the Chief was repaid when I saved his son at Carpathian.  This time Mihai had overstepped the boundary of my loyalty to his father and he would feel the full weight of my wrath.  I leapt out of the window and tracked their scent.

* * * *

SUMMER JAMES:
“Hmmm Boden.  You shouldn’t be here you naughty boy, but I’m glad you are.”  I mumbled drowsily and snuggled into his chest.  I hated following stupid traditions.  Why did I insist?  Who was I kidding?  It hadn’t been lucky for me and Ben not to see each on the eve of our wedding, so what was the point this time, especially when luck seemed to have very little to do with our relationship.  Feeling him next to me, ignoring my wishes, made me very happy.
“Summer, Summer are you awake?” 
My eyes flung open at the sound of the voice.  I stared up into the emerald green eyes staring back at me.  Was I dreaming?  “Mihai?”  I gasped and without thinking flung my arms around him.  “I-I-is it really you.  Y-y-your hair?  W. . .  W...  What are you?  You, You, You’re dead.”  I stuttered with joy and disbelief.  
“No!  No, I am not.  Is that what he told you?”  Mihai snapped with anger.
His sudden coolness shocked me.  I recoiled from him.  My head hurt like I was suffering from the worst ever hangover and my mind seemed slow to catch-up with what was happening.  Instinctively, I clambered backwards across the rocky floor away from him unsure whether I was in the middle of vivid a nightmare or worse - this was really happening.
“Shit!  Sorry.  It’s okay . . . I’m sorry I shouldn’t have shouted.  It’s okay.  I’m not going to hurt you, I love you.”  Mihai’s tone adjusted to a gentle whisper and he moved towards me slowly in a similar manner to how you might approach a wounded animal.
“Where’s Boden?  Where am I?  I don’t understand.  What are you doing?”  I questioned wide-eyed with fear.  My back was pressed up against the hard and jagged wall and I had nowhere to run.  This was far too real to be a nightmare.
“Summer, I am alive.  I didn’t die.  He has been lying to you.  Listen to me, I love you and I’ve come to rescue you from him.  The only way for me to do that was to sedate you to keep your mind quiet for a few hours.  You’re probably feeling the side effects of that now.”  He reached out to put his arms around me but I refused by hugging myself and shaking my head vehemently.
I wracked my brain to retrace my steps from last night.  I went to bed in Lauryn’s house happily anticipating the ceremony and becoming Boden’s wife.  I fell asleep.  And now I had woken up here, somehow, in the middle of god knows where with Mihai, whose death I’d mourned and Boden nowhere near.  
“You’ve kidnapped me?”  I cried.  “I don’t feel right, I need Boden.  Mihai take me back, please.”  I begged when the hysteria finally took hold.
 My body shook profusely.  Whatever he administered had begun to wear off and the separation anxiety crept in again.  All I could think about was Boden.
“Look at what he has done to you! He’s turned you into a drug addict.  He is your synthetic drug.  Listen, try and stay calm.  You are going through withdrawal.  I am going to get you well again.  Focus on how you felt when we were together.  Salubrious, effortless?  Our love is true, Summer.  Boden created the illusion of love with his power.  It’s my fault I should never have suggested that he give you his blood, it was foolish.  You’re tied to him far more securely because of it and that’s why you are feeling the way you do.”  He insisted and tightened his hold, ignoring my struggle.
“No, you’re wrong, I know what I feel.  I love him.  It’s just different to whatever it was between us.  You need to listen to me.  I don’t want you to get hurt. He won’t stop until he finds us, and he will find us.  He will kill you!”  I warned still attempting to struggle free from his arms.
“So you admit we are in love too?”  Mihai pressed.
I shook my head in disbelief against his warm chest.  “I was.  I mean I don’t know.  You’re putting words in my mouth.  I am so confused.  I thought you were dead!” I cried, falling limp, too tired to struggle any more.
“I love you Summer.  I’m here to save you.”  He whispered lifting my head from his chest so that he could gaze into my eyes.  
“Why does everyone have this crazy idea that I need rescuing from him?  I don’t.”  I protested.
“Doesn’t that tell you something?”  Mihai whispered. 
As he stared at me, his emerald eyes sparkled, emphasised in the beam of daylight slipping through the trees around us.  I fell silent.  I tried to order my confused thoughts but his beautiful adoring eyes distracted me.  Mihai leaned forward and pressed his lips to mine.  A tender touch that ignited an extraordinary sensation of love that seemed to flow from him into me and for a moment, I forgot to protest, and instead I relished the joy of knowing he was alive and holding me.
“Are you bewitching me now?”  I whimpered when he withdrew his mouth from mine.
“No.  If I had that kind of power you wouldn’t be resisting me at all.”  He smiled.  
It seemed obvious that the mixture of relief and disorientation had overwhelmed me and I was acting without thinking.  Instinctively, I reached up and linked my arms around his neck.  The blanket fell to floor.  Pressed against him I didn’t need protection from the elements.  He responded by placing his arms around my waist, tying our bodies together.  My heart pounded so loudly it seemed to echo around the cave.  Then it woke me up.
“No.  Stop.  What am I doing?  This is wrong.  I’m getting married today.”  I gasped. 
“You won’t be getting married today.”  Mihai laughed.
I bowed my head in exacerbation.   As I gazed down I realised I that not only was I still dressed in my flimsy silk nightdress with only a blanket for warmth and that we were trapped inside a dark inhospitable cave for shelter. 
“Where the hell are we?  Where are my clothes?”  I demanded pushing angrily away from him and clutching the blanket off the floor.  I was furious at him for bringing me here.  Furious at myself for succumbing to him.  Furious at Boden for lying to me in the first place.
“Summer, we’re hidden.  I can’t tell you where because you will think of it and Boden will discover us sooner than I’d like.  I didn’t have time to pack you a bag.  You’ll just have to stay close to me to keep warm.”  Mihai winked.  “. . . and I have to say that is a very distracting nightdress.”  He added and snatched the blanket from my hands.
“You shouldn’t be looking at me like that.”  I snapped feeling vulnerable and grabbed the blanket away from him.  He let go straightaway.  “You have kidnapped me.”  I cried again in bewilderment and wrapped the blanket tightly around me.
“No.  Rescued.  I want you to be here of your own free will.  I want you to want to be with me.”  An amused expression hovered across his face, which only infuriated me further.
“Well I’m not here of my own free will am I?  You drugged me and kidnapped me!”
“I did not kidnap you!”
“Then that means I am free to leave?  I will find my own way back.”  I retorted in defiance and stomped out of the cave.
Mihai’s bellowing laughter echoed around the cave as I left.  It incensed me and made me more determined to put as much distance between us quickly as possible.  The fact that he didn’t even try to follow infuriated me more.  At first I ran in no particular direction fuelled only by my adrenalin.  When that started to wear off I searched for a worn path or a clue as to which way to head.  There were none.  Each direction mirrored the last.  I could have been hundreds of miles from civilisation but I refused to give up hope or surrender my naive optimism that if I kept going I might come across someone who could get me back to the nearest town so that I could wait for Boden to find me and take me home and away from this horrible confusing nightmare.
Yet the fates conspired against me.  My escape was futile.  Once the adrenalin wore off and exhaustion settled in I realised that running bare foot on damp ground littered with sharp rocks and branches when I had no idea of where to go was reckless and dangerous.  However, I had come this far, so I persevered with stubborn determination, stumbling and thrashing my way through the forest.  It was only when the ground grew steep and precariously uneven that I became aware of the pain pulsating in my blood smothered feet that I knew I was doomed to fail.  
Then panic gathered inside me as my surroundings transformed through my anxious eyes.  Shadows, accompanied by a soundtrack of sinister noises, formed intimidating shapes that only emphasised the fact that I was alone and lost without Boden to protect me from whatever might be lurking in the shadows.  I turned around desperate to find my way back to the cave.  Whatever else Mihai had done, I would be safer with him there, than out here all alone, but I hadn’t left a trail and I was lost.  I would die out here alone.  Again.  I collapsed on to the ground.  Exhausted and hopeless and sobbed.
“Are we done with the escape attempt?”  Mihai chuckled appearing from nowhere.
I lifted my head and looked up into his eyes.  “You followed me?”  I cried.  Secretly relieved.
Mihai crouched down next to me.  “Well I wasn’t going to let you go off on your own, now was I?  Who knows who’s prowling around in here.”  Mihai grinned as he scooped me off the floor into his arms so that he could carry me back to his hideaway.
Throughout the journey back I clung tightly to his neck, grateful I was safe and soaked up his warmth.  Yet it only took him a matter of minutes to lead us back to the cave, which proved to me just how pathetic my escape attempt had been.
 “How long do we have to stay here?”  I asked when he put me down next to a pile of kindle.  The separation from his heat allowed the cold to bite at me.    
“Long enough so that we can be free.”  He replied cryptically.
To distract my mind away from the sting of the icy air I captured images of where I was in the hope that Boden would discover a clue from those and find me soon.
“Why now Mihai?  Why didn’t you come straightway?”  I probed, hoping to understand what was really happening here.
“I had things to prepare.  The necklace I gave you . . . which I note you are not wearing around your neck.” Mihai began as he started to build the fire.  “It had a sort of magical property, so that I could sense you were okay until I could come and rescue you.  A few weeks ago, that sensation disappeared.  I was worried so I came to find you a little earlier than I had planned.  I’ve watched in the shadows for the past few weeks waiting for the right opportunity to save you.  You saw me the night of your friend’s hen night—”  
“—B-b-but—”
“I cut my hair to mute my scent.  Oh god how I wanted to grab you that night and kiss you until the world stopped spinning, but I needed a head start to gain the advantage on him.”  Mihai explained.
“What do you mean a head start?”  Fear erupted inside me.  This expedition of his wasn’t just about getting me away from Boden.  Mihai had something much worse in mind.  I remembered how he was far too confident about a confrontation with Boden.  
“Sorry but I can’t tell you that right now.  If there were any other way then . . .  It will be the only way that we can all be happy.”  Mihai confirmed.  “I’ll get some water to bathe your feet.  There’s a lot of blood.”  He added and disappeared outside the cave, leaving me alone again.  
‘Boden? Please come and find me.  He’s kidnapped me.  I’m cold and lost.  Please come and get me.’  I pleaded in my head over and over but as each moment passed the possibility of Boden finding me seemed increasingly bleak.  I had absolutely no idea where we were.
Mihai returned with some water and warmed it over the fire.  He then sat in front of me and lifted my feet on to his lap.  Ever so delicately, he washed the blood away with a caressing touch you wouldn’t associate with a warriror.  “I’m sorry. I should have brought you some clothes and some shoes.  I forget how fragile humans can be.”  He said with a small smile.
Despite the fire, the damp cold seemed to creep deeper into my bones and my teeth started to chatter.  When he was done, I tucked as much of myself up in the blanket as I could while Mihai disappeared briefly to dispose of the water.  He didn’t want the scent of my blood to attract any unwanted attention.
When he returned to find me huddled in a tight ball he shook his head.  “Summer, stop being stubborn, come sit here and let me hold you.  I can keep you warm.  Remember our nights together in Carpathian, I made you sweat just lying next to you.  Don’t you want to feel that hot again?”  He suggested with a purr and gestured with his hands for me to join him.  
“I’m fine.”  I dismissed hastily despite being sorely tempted.  
Mihai sighed deeply.  “Okay, well how about you shuffle closer to the fire while I go get us something to eat.  I won’t be long.” 
I watched Mihai climb up the side of the rock face that housed the cave were we hid.  Once he had gone I shuffled over to the fire.  As I watched the flames dance in front of me, my thoughts drifted.  I missed Mihai.  This situation was insane, but part of me was so happy that he was here, alive and well.  In an alternate universe I would rush to snuggle up under his arm, rest my head against his chest and bask in his warmth and the heat from the fire, but if I succumbed I would betray Boden and that wasn’t a Pandora’s box I wanted to open.
When Mihai returned carrying three large fish, I moved further inside the cave away from the fire to shelter from the rain shower that pelted the entrance to the cave provoked by the increasing breeze. 
“Mihai, why are you doing this when you know it’s doomed?”  I questioned through my shivering as soon he returned.
“It’s not doomed.  I am deeply in love with you,  I have thought this through.  I do not foresee anything that will stop me from achieving what I want.”
“And what is that Mihai?”
“I want to be with you.  I know deep down you want me too.  We are meant the ones who are meant to be together, but you have been brainwashed by him.  He is not even meant to exist.  He is an abomination.”  
“I know you hate him, but if you care about me you will not speak about him like that to me.”  I snapped angrily.
After that, we sat in silence for an age whilst Mihai flamed the dimmed fire and cooked the fish.  I huddled in my blanket and rested my head on my arm against a rock.  As I listened to the crackling fire and pattering rain, I slipped back into sleep again. 
 “Summer, Summer? Wake-up.” Mihai stroked my hair as he crouched down in front of me.  “Here have some of this.”   
I shook my head.  I wanted to go back to sleep and wake up on the morning of my wedding at Lauryn’s house.  
The back of his warm hand pressed against my cheek.  “Please Summer, eat something.  It will warm you up.”  He whispered, desperation peppering his tone.
For a brief moment I searched his eyes hoping to see a glimmer of doubt and realisation that stealing me away from Boden would only ever end in death – his death and that if he put a stop to it now he could survive it.  We all could.   “Listen to me Mihai, please!  In another life I would have been yours, happily so.  I do love you and I don’t want to see you lose your life because of me.  But Boden is irreplaceable.  He is my oxygen.  He waited more than a lifetime for me.   I was fragile and conflicted when I met you.  Since we left I’ve had time to acclimatise to the extreme world he creates.  I’m always his first priority and he lives to protect me.  Without him, there is no life for me.  I’m so sorry Mihai.  I love you and I don’t want to hurt you but you must see what you are doing is disastrous.”  Tears welled in my eyes and cold exhaustion crept up on me again.  
“Oh my god!  You are so wrong about him Summer . . . .  If you were his first priority, why did he choose to save me before you?”  Mihai snapped.
“He . . . he didn’t.  That’s why you . . . you were . . .”  I trailed off quickly confused.  
“Another lie?  He saved me first.  You were in a room crammed with vampires.  If you were his priority, he would never have allowed you to come with us in the first place.  Maybe he hoped that you would be turned by one of them then he could play the hero and still get what he wanted.  He is vain and arrogant and that nearly killed you.  If I could’ve got the both of us out of there the instant the attack began I would’ve done, but the best I could do was push you out the way of danger.  And what did he do?  He waited until the last possible moment to save you.  I would choose you over everything.  I have chosen you over everything.  I’ve disobeyed my father to find you.  I’ve deserted my pack for you.”  Mihai argued.
“Please stop this.  I’m so confused.  I don’t understand.  I need him more.  I don’t want to hurt you.  Please just take me to the nearest town and go back to the pack before this gets out of hand.”  I sobbed hoping he would come to his senses and end this debacle now before it grew too late.
“No!  Don’t you see?  Your compulsion for him, it’s unhealthy.  It’s synthetic.  Manipulated . . . You forget he’s part vampire, one of them.  You don’t appreciate what he’s capable of.  Everything about him is meant to entice you.  He has powers that you can’t even comprehend and he uses them to control you.  He’s toxic.  Please wake up to this and stop being so naive about it.”  Mihai’s desperation for me to believe him burned in his eyes.  “I may not be able to read your mind, but the way you react when I’m close to you or when we’ve kissed, screams how much you want me.” Mihai knelt down in front of me and searched my face whilst doubts unwittingly submerged my protests.  “He lied to you Summer.  He told you I was dead.  If your love for him was so powerful and real, why lie to you?  You’d soon forget me if that was true.  You told me how he has the power to calm you and hypnotise you.  Haven’t you ever wondered what else he could control, how can you believe anything you feel is real knowing he has that power.  Don’t tell me you are enjoying the anxiety and panic you feel now because you are separated from him.  It’s all about control, can’t you see that?”  He pleaded placing his hot hands around the side of my face.
“How do I know you aren’t the same?  Y-y-your eyes dazzle me too.”  I cried.
“Summer, you are dazzled because you love me, I can’t hypnotise you.  I am a werewolf which means I am strong and powerful with the ability to change from man to wolf but that’s it I have no dark talents like Boden.  Think about how you felt when we were alone, in the magical underwater cave especially.  I doubt you’ve been that innocently happy since and I know what you told my father.”  Mihai warned.
“But y-y-y-ou let me leave with hi-i-i-im.  If you loved me so much and believed everything you are saying why would you d-d-d-do that?  Why wouldn’t you p-p-put up a fight” I struggled to argue through my body’s violent shivers.  The cold started to sting and my mind clouded.
“I wanted it to be your choice.  You’re not my possession.  I want you to be my equal.  Unfortunately, I underestimated the potency of his blood and his guile.  Summer, he is dangerous but in the most subtle of ways.  You don’t seem to fathom the fact that he is a Cucubuth nor what that means.  Some people believe they are demigods other’s believe they are abominations.  Their power is beyond anything else and with that kind of power, a dark side is inevitable.  You have preoccupied Boden.  He is infatuated and obsessive, but once he is satisfied you are his and safe, he will change.  
“I have done some digging around.  I’ve found a different version of the story than that of tragic star crossed lovers.  I’ve been told that Louis had certain talents, like being able to control the emotions of those around him.  He was ambitious within their vile society and had heard many whispers about cucubuths and their powers.  Louis plotted to use his talent on a female wolf, procreate and then remove her once the child had thrived.  They also say that Charles and Louis hated each other.  Charles was jealous of his brother’s talent and standing within their elevated community.  Charles discovered what Louis was up to and they argued.  Louis feared that Charles would ruin his plan when it was so close to fruition so he met with Marie and insisted they elope that night.  You know the rest, but what you don’t know is that Charles followed his brother and watched us destroy him.  He sent his companion to steal the child, so that he could use the child to elevate himself.  Charles, Bernice, it’s all been about their ambitions and Boden’s power.  You’ve distracted him, but it is a distraction.  He will have to embrace that power in one way or another.  Summer, your life is never going to be normal.  It will always be in danger even if he turns you into an immortal.  I know you; I know you can’t live like that.”
“I-I-I don’t know what to do.  I-I-I’m tied to him.  I-I can’t escape him even if I w-w-wanted to.”  I cried.  My mind spun nauseously with doubts.
“No.  There is a way.  You are his weakness.  His distraction.  I’ll take care of you.  We can enjoy a simple life.  I’ll build you a house, we can have a family, live in peace.  I love you with all my heart.  I only want you to be happy and safe by my side.”  Mihai whispered moving closer to me. 
My world seemed to crumble around me.  I wasn’t sure of anything not even my own feelings.  Had it all been an illusion?  It frightened me to believe that the last nine months had all been lies and manipulation.  
Mihai wrapped his arms around me.  They sizzled against my icy skin and were an enticing antidote to the cold that now froze me from the inside out.  My will wasn’t strong enough to resist his temptation.  I wanted to feel safe.  I remembered the underwater cave and how I wanted to feel his arms around me, just one more time.  He leaned in and kissed the tears that rolled down my cheeks, moving deftly towards my mouth.  Even his lips burned like fire against my icy skin.  The passion of Mihai’s kiss intensified against my mouth and the force encouraged me backwards until I lay down onto the stone floor.  The cold had stiffened my limbs and my body shiver, but slowly they started to thaw owing to he warmth emanating from Mihai.  His fingertips stroked the skin along my thigh and moved upwards underneath my silk nightdress, gently caressing and stroking until I longed for his fiery body to press against every inch of mine. 
“Do you want me to stop?”  He whispered pressing his lips against my puckered nipple.  I shook my head and kissed him urgently, growing breathless.  My heart pounded whilst my head fought the confusion, but his feverish body proved irresistible.  I surrendered.  I wanted him. I wanted him to have every part of me. As we came it induced a euphoric sensation almost like a dream, surreal even.  It was as if I had floated outside of my body.  
 “You’re beauty is incredible.”  Mihai sighed, satisfied and content. “As long as you lie pressed against me you won’t even need the nightdress.”  He teased wrapping the blanket around both of us.  
My body slipped out of my control and failed to respond to any instruction other than to nuzzle in closer against Mihai’s warmth, which eventually lulled me asleep again.  
During my state of unconsciousness, my mind became wildly active spurred on by the confusion and distress for what I had done and why I had wanted it.  I tried to justify to myself why Boden would lie to me about Mihai.  None of the last nine months made sense any more.  Life had been too perfect these past few weeks.  Why was I so special to deserve someone as heavenly as Boden or Mihai for that matter?  Especially now.  Yet Mihai’s warning about what Boden could be capable of and how life with Boden would always be dangerous and filled with threat scared me.  I had witnessed tiny glimpses of Boden’s darker side.  What if he grew tired of me?  However, that thought was now moot.  We probably wouldn’t survive beyond another night.  After all, Boden will have seen my betrayal, forced to endure it and helpless to stop it.  What level of fury will that unleash?  My numb body lay still whilst each shallow breath absorbed what life I had left in me.  The cold had infiltrated my system and not even Mihai’s warmth could eradicate it now.  Maybe death would save me and Mihai could escape whilst he still had his life, but my thoughts twisted into terrifying dreams that I couldn’t wake up from.

* * * *

BODEN PHELAN:
My fear for Summer’s wellbeing and sanity increased as each moment passed.  The impression of the dull ache and anxiety that inhabited her haunted me.  Her increasingly confused mind tuned in and out like a bad radio reception with only flashes of thoughts.  None of them made any sense.
I caught the revelations about my father and his brother during Mihai’s attempt to manipulate her with fear using superstitious legends.  He played to her vulnerability and self doubt sending his lies spinning around in her mind until they twisted everything she was certain of into something dark and premeditated.  
It only spurred me on further to race as hard as could to find them.  After several hours of tracking their scents, I found them.  They were settled in a hidden alcove within a wooded mountain side.  Initially relief surged through me.  Then I began to question why I had been able to locate them so easily and why Mihai would stop running.  
Over my head the rain beat angrily on the treetops creating a loud chorus to mute my approach.  I paused to survey the hideaway and peered through the trees.  Jealousy exploded inside me.  There they both were, wrapped together in a blanket under the shelter of a disused cave.  How romantic.  I didn’t think.  I bolted towards them and snatched Mihai by the throat.  I catapulted him out of the cave towards the trees where he landed with a crash.  
Thunder rumbled around us and yet Summer didn’t physically stir although her mind chanted apologies repeatedly.  ‘No.  No stop.  I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry, Boden I’m so sorry!’
I rushed over towards her.  “Shh Summer, it’s okay.  Everything’s going to be fine.  I’m here now.”  I smiled.  I didn’t blame her, but still her tears spilled from her closed eyes as her body shook from cold.  
“Boden!”  Mihai growled returning to his feet.  He replayed in his mind what hers had hidden.  ‘Not just a fantasy now?’ Mihai taunted with his thoughts.
The fury inside me rocketed at an uncontrollable pace.  I flew at him and fired my fist into his chin launching him further into the soaking forest.
Meanwhile, Summer, had awoken and stumbled to her feet using the cave wall as support and moved unsteadily towards us.  I saw the skin on her feet were torn and it shocked me to discover how strong of a hold the hyperthermia had over her.  She shook violently.
“Uite ea este îngrozit de tine.”  Mihai taunted as he ran towards me.
“She’s not terrified of me, she needs me.”  I growled with my fist curled ready to strike him again.  
“Only because you’re controlling her.”  He spat eager for some more punishment.  
“B-b-boden?”  Summer’s breathless voice echoed from behind me.  Her fragility concerned me and I didn’t want to hurt or frighten her.  I seized control of my anger and changed tactic.
“Look at her Mihai, She’s freezing, she’s going to die.  What on earth were you thinking bringing her out here dressed like that?  She’s only lasted this long thanks to my blood inside her.”  
I examined her while I gestured towards her.  Her skin had faded into a whiter shade of grey whilst her scarcely present mind behaved in a disturbing manner.  I felt her presence fading.  I picked the blanket off the floor and wrapped it around her.  I tried to reach my arms around her but she recoiled away from me. 
“I’ve kept her warm against my body.  She doesn’t want you anymore.  She’s sick of your lies and possessive controlling attitude.”  Mihai hissed.
He wanted to provoke my anger to support his subterfuge.  
“B-B-Boden.  Tell me the truth.  I-i-is it true?”  Summer whispered through ice blue lips.
“I’ve told you the truth.  He’ll never admit it.”  Mihai snapped diffidently.
 “You’ve listened to his side.  Am I not entitled to a defence?”  I whispered reaching out to her.  
“You’re too late!”  Mihai called.  
“Why?  Why her?”  I barked.  He was just behind me now and I snatched hold of his neck and squeezed my hands around his throat.  “Destroying my mother and father not enough for you?”
“I love her.  You’ve had your chances, you lost her once and you’ve almost lost her again, twice.  Don’t you think it would be safer if she weren’t with you?” He gurgled.
“Boden, pl-l-lease stop.  Don’t hurt him.  Let’s t-t-t-alk about this.  I am s-s-so confused and scared I don’t know w-w-w-what’s happening.”  Summer slurred and stuttered from behind as she shuffled out into the pouring rain.  
My fear for her life took priority over destroying his.
“Okay-okay Summer, we’ll talk.”  I relented and released Mihai before I ushered her back inside the cave.
“I’ve lost myself.   I-I-I-I don’t know what’s real anymore.  Y-y-y-yesterday I was so hap-p-p-py and in less than twenty four hours my world has sh-sh-sh-shattered.  I feel so tired. . .  I need you to answer me honestly.  Have you been controlling m-m-m-me like Mihai said?”  Tears poured down her cheeks.
“No.  I love you more than life itself.  I am fiercely protective of you because I lost you once.  Of course your love for me is real.  Our bond is genuine.  Admittedly, since you drank my blood, there is a deeper connection and it’s had its side effects but I have only ever used my gift to calm you and never for anything else.”  My response was insistent because I was, desperate for her to believe me rather than Mihai’s manipulation, but I tried to keep my tone calm.
“He’s lying.”  Mihai growled.
“Summer, my darling, trust your instincts and your senses, they are more powerful than you realise.”  I advised her.
“How c-c-can I, I slept wi-wi-with him because I wanted to, I-I-I wanted h-i-i-m.  How could I do that if we are s-s-supposed to have this b-b-bond?”  Summer sobbed and collapsed on the floor into an shattered heap.
Although her honest words seared my heart, beneath them, it proved how well he had manipulated her.  
“Because you love me, deep down you want me, not him!”  Mihai argued urgently.
“No-he’s confused you.  You’re not well.  I don’t blame you.  I love you.  I have no anger towards you.”  I refuted as the thunder rumbled noisily outside the cave.
“Bullshit!  He’s lying.  I told you the truth.  He’s doing it now.  You’ve betrayed him.  It will eat away at him.”  Mihai snapped desperately.
“You’d like that wouldn’t you.”  I hissed in response.
“Stop!  Stop!”  Summer cried.  Her mind swirled.  Hypothermia was sapping her life away.
“Mihai, please, give me ten minutes with-im I nee-time alone wi-him, you-not helping me think.”  She slurred.
“Fine.”  He huffed and glared over to me.  “I won’t be far.  Call me when you’re done listening to his lies.  Remember what I’ve told you.  He’s dangerous.”  Mihai transformed and disappeared into the forest.  It seemed odd he would leave but I was too concerned about Summer to consider it properly.
 “Summer please let me warm you up,” I begged in fear of what this was doing to her.   “Your heart is growing weak and you are going to start convulsing the way you are shaking.”  
“No! No tricks.”  She refused.  
I shook my head in despair of what he’d done to her.  He would pay dearly for this whatever the outcome.  “It is not a trick, I am offering you warmth. That is all.”
“Y-y-you say you love me?” Summer began and slumped back on to the ground.
I had to interrupt her.  “No Summer  I don’t say I love you.  I do love you.  Go ahead and doubt your love for me but you cannot doubt the way I feel about you.  You are the reason why I still exist today.  I will not let you doubt my feelings for you.”  I crouched down close to her.
“But Boden you are a god, why w-w-w-ould you want me when you could have anyone, there are f-f-far more beautiful women in this w-w-world, why me it just d-d-doesn’t make sense.  I was s-s-so happy.  I wanted to be yours . . . forever.  Maybe this is the curse finally turning on me.  My forbidden fruit is poisoning me.”  She rambled as her mind contorted in a bizarre fashion. 
“Summer you are the most beautiful creature in the world to me, I know you better than you know yourself and trust me you are the most beautiful creature alive.  Please let me keep you that way and help you now.  You’re becoming delirious.  We need to get you help.”  I insisted moving closer to her deliberating whether to just grab her and run.
“What drink some more of your blood?”  She giggled maniacally.
“Or get you to a hospital?”  I offered in compromise.  
“No.  Why did you lie to me and tell me he was dead.”  She refused, shaking her head and moving on with her questioning.
“Jealousy, desperation.  Fear of losing you.”  I hurried.   “Summer please let me get you to a hospital.”  I was afraid of how close to death she was slipping.
“No.  I want to finish this.  Why is everything so extreme, so unreal?  When you touch me it’s like being injected with a drug I feel so high and exhilarated, so unnatural.”  She whispered persisting with her inquisition.  
It was then that I noticed her body had stopped shaking.  Not a good sign.
“It’s the depth of our connection and honestly, yes I am designed to entice and thrill, but it’s not unnatural.  Mihai is a master manipulator he has hundreds of years of practice persuading considerably stronger and more powerful people than you to do what he wants, it’s not magical but it’s one of his strengths as a leader.  The first day we arrived, he began manipulating you.  You were his challenge, a chance to hurt me by stealing you.  He uncovered all your fears and anxieties and presented the opposite world when you were with him.  Everything he did played to your sensibilities, but in the process he fell for you almost as deeply as I love you.  Our love ignites powerful reactions because it is real, not because it isn’t.  Listen to me.  He has drugged you, placed you in a vulnerable state and confused you with his manipulative tales.  You know me deep down in your heart.  Why else would you have trusted me so easily?  I didn’t use any tricks, spells, hypnosis, or anything sinister on you.  It all happened naturally because we are fated to be together.  Never forget that our love transcended your death.  Now please let me get you some help!”
“Charles will come after you.  You are valuable property.  Mihai is right about that.  Because of who you are, I will always be in danger.  We will never be left in peace.”
“I’ll deal with Charles.  We’ll disappear so no one ever needs to find us.  I’ve survived this long without anyone else looking for me.  We will find peace I promise.”  I moved closer to her and took hold of her frozen hands.
“Kiss me.”  Summer whispered.
I pulled her close to me to envelope the heat around her whilst I kissed her icy lips.  Summer’s mind remembered how happy we were and her weak arms tightened around my neck before she pushed away from me.  I let her go, afraid she would panic if I tried to stop her, but I kept one arm around her shoulders for warmth.
“I believe you.”  She whispered.  “But I’ve betrayed you I deserve what’s coming.”  She added gazing blankly out of the cave towards the forest.
I gazed at her ashen face trying to decipher her peculiar thoughts when without warning Summer leapt onto me squeezing her arms around my neck.  Less than a moment later, I experienced a sharp piercing sensation burn through my chest.  
The smell of blood filled the air.
Summer wasn’t clinging on to me.  She was pinned against me.  Her blood spilled out of her body, staining her nightdress. 
“Summer.”  I gasped.  
“I love y . . .” she whispered in my ear.
“No, no.  NO!”  Mihai scream rang out in distress from far away in the shadows.  I looked up in amazement.  
He’d fired an arrow.  
The arrow travelled too easily through her body and punctured my skin just halting short of my heart.  Mihai sprinted into view with a fixed expression of horror.
“Get away from us.”  I growled.
The pain of the arrow burned through me but it paled into comparison to the fear of losing her again.
“W-w-why?  Why did she do that?”  Mihai muttered in disbelief falling to his knees.
A rapid and unfamiliar feeling of my strength draining away consumed me. 
“What was she thinking?  She thinks you’re indestructible.  I knew you would be the death of her.”  Mihai spat in anger.  Tears glistened on his cheeks. 
He had no right to grieve for her.  She was mine and he had done this to her.  I roared animalistically.  Mihai disappeared into the shadows to escape his guilt.  I could hear him frantically apologising.  Too weak to face his own actions.
I lifted Summer, releasing her from the arrow and lay her down on the ground with the greatest of care.  I knelt over her and stroked her cool cheek, her skin as smooth as satin and as soft as velvet.  I tugged at what was left of the arrow lodged in my chest and yelped unwittingly from the pain of its release.  As I held the arrow to the light to examine how it could have penetrated me so deeply I saw the perfect diamond arrowhead beyond razor sharp.  It sparkled in the moonlight reeking of the unmistakable scent of Rue.  Mihai had been clever.  He’d almost achieved what I believed impossible.  He’d managed to puncture my skin and release the Rue into my bloodstream to weaken me.  If it had reached my heart, perhaps he would’ve been successful in his destruction.  Mihai had used Summer to distract me.  The fact that he'd brought nothing for her had been no accident on his part.  He’d gambled with her life.  He needed her to fall ill, for her mind to become confused and delirious, because my worry for her would distract me entirely providing him the moment to fire that first arrow.  What he hadn’t considered was that Summer would lay her life down to save mine.
Summer’s feint pulse remained present.  Just.  I wasn’t going to allow him to take her from me either by choice or death.  Summer was far too fragile in her human state and I refused to ignore the risk that she could come this close to death again.  This time I would make her immortal for her own preservation.  I brushed her hair away from her neck and in one quick movement I leant down and bit into her soft white skin.
Summer’s blood tasted mouth-wateringly salacious.  Her silky warm blood ran down my throat into my body.  The flavour was like nothing I’d enjoyed before.  So satisfying and exhilarating.  Had I known this is what she’d taste like, she may have had justifiable concerns about my diet.  I could feel the blood flowing through my body and the deep hole in my chest healed.  At the same time a miraculous and overwhelming sense of power erupted within me.  The desire for more of her blood gripped me but I fought against it and found the strength to suppress my thirst and release my venom into her bloodstream to heal her.
Summer’s delicious blood created an unrivalled reserve of strength and power within me.  I could rip a mountain apart if I felt inclined to now, but Mihai was the only thing I sought to destroy.  
I tracked his scent into the forest.
“Mihai? . . . She’s not dead . . . .  She’s healing with my venom.”  I taunted, hoping to tempt him out of the shadows.
A vituperative growl emerged from behind me.  Mihai snapped and snarled in fury baying for my blood.  Unfortunately, for him, he was too late to stop the transformation now.  The venom was already spreading through her near lifeless body.  
I laughed at his pathetic snarling.  It angered him and he launched himself into attack. We rolled and tumbled until I found the perfect position.  I leapt up and landed on top of him behind his neck.  I took hold of his wolf head in my hands.  He thrashed and bucked like a wild horse.  It was futile.  In one swift movement I administered a sharp twist to his head.  
A sickening crack rang out.
His body collapsed.
I twisted the other way and back again and tore his head from his body.  
Blood sprayed out into a fountain and puddled around the lifeless decapitated body.
Summer remained motionless, unaware of my victory.  I did have a small amount of remorse for the pain that my actions would cause her once she learned the truth, but I would address that when I needed to.  For now she was immersed in the transition to immortality, oblivious that Mihai had left this world.  I gathered up the blanket and wrapped it around her.  Her eyelids fluttered and her mind grew deliriously active.  The venom’s curative powers induced the sensation of excruciating pain as it healed her human weaknesses and although it disturbed me to listen and feel the echoes of the pain she endured, I could take solace in the knowledge that soon she would be well and immortal forever.

* * * *

Chapter 16: Forgiveness
SUMMER JAMES:

DESPITE MY ENORMOUS betrayal Boden’s unconditional love for me shone through.  I didn’t deserve his forgiveness, yet it poured out of him.  I climbed off his lap and slumped onto the ground.  The cold floor didn’t even register against my numb body.  I felt so tired.  I wanted to drift off to sleep away from this reality.  Death would be here soon.   
I fell into a trance, staring through the obstacles into the black shadows crowding the forest.  Boden’s words dimmed into a muffle in the background and the world around me shifted.  Whilst lost in the daze I caught a flicker in the centre of my view far off in the distance followed by a tiny glistening light.  A sixth sense suddenly urged me to find one final burst of life.  I leapt on to Boden and wrapped my arms around his neck with my last ounce of failing strength.  A searing pain followed, slicing through me leaving a warming sensation flooding over my frozen skin.
“I love you.”  I whispered in Boden’s ear, hoping it would be my last breath.  I had caused him too much pain and he didn’t deserve to die because of me.  I had to protect him as he had protected me so many times before.  
When the blackness descended over me, I hoped I finally died.  However, a few moments later a peculiar pulsating feeling crawled through my body as if liquid pumped through me.  I thought maybe Boden had taken me to a hospital and perhaps the sensation was the medication reviving me.  Then the temperature of the liquid steadily increased until it burned through me like a fierce fire.  I panicked.  Was I burning alive?  Was I dead lying in hell?  Whatever the reality, the ability to control my body disintegrated.
A heavy pressure crushed down on me with an incredible force.  I wanted to scream but I found no voice.  The relentless burning agonizing pain persisted to torment me whilst I lay alone trapped in dark silence with no sound except my own thoughts.   
It seemed implausible to be dead and still be feeling and thinking.   I prayed for death and held on to the hope that I would soon pass out from the unbearable pain, but neither came.  I realised I couldn’t hear my breath or feel my heart beating; both should have been loud and furious.  I considered that maybe I was in hell and my sentence was to spend an eternity subjected to excruciating torture for tasting my forbidden fruit.  I prayed if I were dead then insanity would rescue me quickly.  
Whilst I waited, I attempted to distract my focus from the fire digesting every part of me and concentrated on memories of Boden and the happy times we spent together.  I recalled the first time I saw my dark angel and how surreal his beauty captivated me.  I thought about his perfect alluring lips, smooth olive skin and raven hair, but most of all I missed his exquisite mesmerising cobalt eyes.  I wished I could gaze into them one last time and dive into their deep Caribbean pools of tranquillity.  I reminisced about the times we spent at the beach listening to the rhythmic waves and watching majestic sunsets melt into the horizon.  I thought about all the times he saved me and protected me from danger, but then I remembered how I hurt him over and over again.  
Hell was what I deserved.
Time became immeasurable; seconds merged with minutes, minutes merged with hours, hours merged with days until I had no idea how long I’d been locked in my harrowing prison.  At some point the fire seemed to cool or perhaps my body adjusted to it, I couldn’t be sure.  The heat withdrew from my feet and then my legs shrinking from my body until it had removed itself entirely.  A soothing iciness replaced the heat, yet that soon began to bite when the temperature plummeted.  The severe pain froze me until I thought I’d splinter into a thousand pieces under the crushing pressure.  Instead, the cold provoked my body into convulsing and the concrete pressure shattered releasing me into a weightless vacuum.  
Then, warmth shrouded me again, almost as if someone had laid a hot blanket over the top of me.  Tranquillity enveloped me and my fear evaporated.  
* * * *
Somewhere in the depths of my dark confinement muffled sounds developed. I didn’t recognise them.
* * * *
A gentle soothing pressure stroked my cheek.  Thrilling tingles shot through my whole body.  A familiar sensation, only intensified.  
Boden?
Hope.  I attempted to wiggle a finger to see if I had recovered control of my body.  My finger wiggled freely.  My eyes inched open slowly.  I was both excited and terrified.  Vivid colours instantly bombarded my pupils as they frenetically tried to focus on something.
“Summer, my darling can you hear me?  . . .  You’re okay now.  I’m here.”  Boden whispered.  His form hovering above my face in full view of my gaze.  A second later, my eyes found their focus.  Boden’s eyes were incredible.  Prismatic shades of blue that I had never seen before. “Summer, speak to me.  Please let me know you’re alright.”  He pleaded, sounding worried.  
I watched a frown furrow into his silky smooth forehead.  His glossy raven hair fell forward in slow motion tickling my cheek and shimmering in the light.  “Boden.”  I whispered.  My voice sounded strange.  Boden smiled with relief and I unconsciously mirrored him.  “What have you given me?  I feel . . . strange.  Is it your blood or have I been reincarnated again?”  I whispered feeling self-conscious of my voice that sounded too smooth.
Boden swept his hand along my cheek.  “Neither.  Do you remember what happened?” 
“I’m not sure.”  I whispered.  My memories were hazy and I found it difficult to remember anything before the burning pain.
“You saved my life Summer, but it almost killed you.  I was left with no other choice that I could live with.” 
“What do you mean?”  I asked searching his distressed iridescent eyes.
“I gave you . . . immortality.”  He whispered.
“I’m immortal?”  I replied in shock.  I sat up in an uncharacteristic fluid graceful motion.
“Yes.  I had no other choice.  You would have died.  I couldn’t allow that.”  Boden replied and clutched hold of both my arms.
“You promised you wouldn’t do that until I was ready?”  I gasped.
“I told you I couldn’t lose you again.  I will not bear that pain again, especially now that I love you a thousand times more.  Losing you a second time would turn my heart black.  You keep me from being the monster I have the potential to be . . .”
“No, no I don’t believe that, you could never be one of them . . . one of me.”  I panicked.
“You are not a monster.  You are like me and you are you.  Just a little less perishable that’s all.”  Boden reassured with a crooked smile.
“Why can’t I remember what happened?”
“It will come back.  The Hyperthermia made you delirious, you weren’t thinking straight before your transformation . . . and unfortunately the healing process was traumatic.  I listened through your thoughts . . .  I never realised how excruciating that would be for you.”  Boden shook his head.  “Your mind will settle and clear over the next few hours.”  He reassured.
“So am I a-a . . . vampire?”  The word stuck in my throat.
“Well yes, but . . .” Boden stroked my hair in a soothing motion.
“Oh what have you done?  . . .  I am a monster.  Dammed!”  I cried.
“No!  You are not.  I will make sure of it.”  Boden dismissed.
“Shouldn’t I be craving blood?  I don’t think I am.”  I hurried.
“The burn will come soon, I gave you more human blood than you need right now.  It will give you a few hours to come to terms with your new life before the thirst takes you over.”
I expected my stomach to lurch in disgust at the thought of consuming blood, animal or otherwise, but it didn’t.
“How did you get human . . . blood?”  I gulped.
“I obtained some from a hospital, nobody died I promise.  You’ve also had a heavy sedative to keep you unconscious during the first few hours after the healing completed.  A frantic thirst normally ensues and I didn’t want you to go through that.  To make the process easier for you I administered the blood whilst you were under.  The blood completes the transformation.”  Boden clarified still holding on to me.
I swallowed my fear.  “So I am a vampire?” 
“You are you.  I see it in your mind.  For the last time, you.  Are.  Not. A. Monster.”  Boden insisted.  “When the thirst begins we will get you blood from an animal and that will be your diet from now on.  No more human blood.”
“This is all so surreal.  It’s almost as if I am still asleep and none of this is reality.  .  .”  I wished that was true.
Boden smiled.  “Life will become normal again.  The next few months will be difficult, but we’ll get through them together and life will be a whole new array of exciting experiences.”
 “This is going to take some getting used to.  Everything seems heightened, your addictive smell-the smooth touch of your skin-the colours flooding the room and sounds-every sound is much louder and prominent, almost musical.”  I noted stroking his beautiful face.
“All your senses are finely tuned now.  You will have beyond human strength too, although obviously not as powerful as mine.”  Boden smirked with a teasing glint in his eyes.  “It’s not all about the blood.  Being immortal is a lot of fun too.  No boundaries.  No human flaws to restrict you. . . .  And I er must also tell you that I was right about your blood, you know, it was the most salivating blend.  Immortality was a wise decision otherwise I would have struggled to resist you again.”  He added with a wickedly mischievous smile.
I looked at him with mock annoyance.  “Where are we?  We’re not at home are we?”  I questioned when I noticed the room had bright white walls, with colourful paintings dotted around us.  All the windows were concealed behind closed blinds and we were both sitting on a pine four poster bed with delicate sheer white voile drifting down around us.  It didn’t appear to be home and certainly didn’t smell like home either.  Notes of spices and fresh sea air blended together with a stronger smell of disinfectant. 
“Well after our small intimate wedding, I had planned to surprise you with a lavish exotic honeymoon.  Although a series of unfortunate events have taken place that prevented our nuptials, it seemed a shame to waste such a beautiful getaway.  It’s also a perfect secluded location for you to get used to being an immortal.”  Boden grinned with a sense of satisfaction.
“But where are we?”
“Somewhere far away from everything.  It’s so beautiful and serene here.  You are going to love it.”  Boden replied with excitement in his tone.
“But that means bright sunshine?”
“You are a new immortal.  It won’t affect you for a while.  When it does, we’ll deal with it and take the necessary precautions.  Your eyes will be sensitive though and we will need to protect them. . .  Oh but Summer, this place is just as magical at night as it is during the day.  I can’t wait for you to see it.”  A whimsical look swept his eyes.
“So, one day I will be locked away until nightfall, sentenced to live forever in darkness.”  Tears welled in my eyes.
“No, we’ll live somewhere where the climate is cooler with less hours of sunshine.  However, the night is enchanting Summer.  Remember some of our happiest times together were under the night sky admiring the moon and stars.  Sunshine is overrated trust me.”
It still seemed like a gloomy existence to me and I had a strange feeling of mourning for the impending loss of sunshine.  I’d have to make every second in the sun count before it would be forced to leave my life completely.  When that happened Boden would be my sun, the brightness in my life.
“And there is always a possibility that you won’t be exactly the same as other vampires, I am after all a Cucubuth and we don’t really know what this will mean.”
“Are you saying I could be a werewolf too?”  I questioned urgently.
“No, no.  Werewolves shape-shift, it’s a genetic process.  However you may find you have different advantages, less weaknesses maybe.”
“I’m frightened.”  I whispered.  The enormity of it all overwhelmed me.
“There are many advantages of being immortal.”  Boden noted.  
“Strength, speed, immortality.”  I muttered in frustration.
“Yes, but more than that it’s the things you can do and see with those advantages.  For example underwater swimming.  We can dive down to the sea bed, explore the unspoiled scenery, and discover hidden beauties that humans could only ever dream of finding, or climb the highest mountains and gaze at the surrounding landscapes, Sky dive without a parachute and perform a perfect landing . . . whatever you could want.  The possibilities are limitless. . . .” 
Boden’s voice faded into the background and I remained quiet for a few minutes trying to take it all in.  Grainy memories began to emerge.  “We should’ve been married by now?”  I interrupted. 
“I’ve waited this long, a few more weeks is nothing.”  Boden sighed.
“I remember saying goodbye to you . . .  and going to bed . . . and . . . wait . . . I don’t underst. . .  Mihai?  Mihai was alive and with me?”
“Summer, don’t force it.  It will come to you when you’re ready.”
“I was so happy he was alive, but I was angry too.  I remember trying to run and find you, but I couldn’t find the way out, the ground hurt and I was cold and scared.”
“Summer, shhh don’t do this now.”  Boden urged in a soothing tone, but I couldn’t stop the memories they were coming thick and fast.
“He told me all these things about you  . . . he made it seem uncertain, like I’d been a fool to be so naive to trust you.  I couldn’t make sense of it.  He seemed to be the only thing that made sense.”  I panicked.
“Summer he manipulated you; he put you in a vulnerable position.”
‘Oh no I betrayed you!”  I remembered in horror when the memory of my desire to feel Mihai close to me and my easy surrender.
 “Summer listen to me he manipulated you.  He stole you from me and lay down with you.  He almost killed you with his neglect.  You were the innocent one.  Mihai drugged you and allowed you to fall into the clutches of hypothermia for the purpose of confusing your mind and using your desperate state to distract me to give him the opportunity to carry out his plot.  How could you possibly think straight or defend yourself against his manipulation?”  Boden’s unwavering ability to ignore my betrayals and flaws was undeserved.
“I’m so sorry.”  I whispered unable to shake off the guilt.
Boden put his arms around me and pressed my head against his warm chest.  “You have nothing to apologise for.  None of this is your fault.  I shouldn’t have taken you to Romania in the first place.  You were far too traumatised to begin with after what you witnessed with Ben and Charlotte.  I neglected your welfare with my naive sense of duty.”  Boden shook his head.    
“No,  you always do what you believe is best for everyone.  That’s why I’m still here, despite the universe’s master plan to kill me off.”  I teased.  “Boden, wh-what happened to . . . to Mihai?”  I asked fearing the answer.
“He thought he’d killed you and he fled.  My concern was for you.  I doubt we will see him again.”
“I betrayed you.  I thought I’d gone to hell for what I’d done to you both.”  I sighed.
“I’ll never let that happen.”  Boden pushed me away from him and gazed into my eyes for a moment with a distant stare.  “You are even more beautiful and I didn’t believe that would be possible.  I will need to keep a closer watch on you now.  There won’t be a man alive who won’t fall at your feet.”  Boden teased indulgently.
I smiled and wiped my tears.  “I am incredibly sorry for everything I’ve put you through.  You are my world and I love you to the depths of my soul.  When my instincts called for me to protect you, I couldn’t bear the thought of my life without you, Mihai distracted me but it’s you that I crave and desire above all else.”
“I know you do.  I’ve never doubted your love.”  Boden replied generously.  “When you had confused feelings for him you hid your thoughts to protect me.  You weren’t conscious of it but you achieved it.  You’ll be a gifted immortal.  I’m sure of it.”  He smiled.  “Now come on let me show you the fun side of immortality.”  Boden pressed his lips against mine igniting sparks that exploded inside me.  

* * * *
Over the next few days, Boden taught me to hunt and advised me on the best ways to control my thirst.  The blood didn’t taste like what I thought it would, instead my taste buds seemed to be refined to its subtleties.  Most of the time it seemed to contain a kaleidoscope of flavours dependent upon what the animal last consumed; sometimes sweet, or spiced and at other times I could taste the different minerals.  It was almost like consuming a three-course-meal in a single drink similar to the gum in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory without the side effects.
For the first couple of days my desperate hunger enslaved me.  No matter how much blood I consumed, my thirst never seemed to be completely satisfied.  However, Boden did manage to succeed in providing me with short respite through moments of distraction using his intoxicating touch and magical kisses.  Towards the end of the first week the obsessive compulsiveness subsided and the me I knew emerged, and with it a sense of serenity.  

* * * *
“Summer now that you’re body is settling in to its new state of immortality I want to equip you with the skills to defend yourself against others of our kind.  I have learned during our time together that life will never be peaceful.  Although I am here to protect you, I don’t think it would hurt to give you some training.  What do you think?”  Boden suggested during the second week of my new life.
“Hmm.  That sounds interesting and perhaps fun . . . I think?”  My feelings were mixed.  Although it sounded fun to learn to move in the ways that he could and explore my newly tuned up co-ordination and balance, listening to his resolution that danger would always threaten our existence panicked me a little.  In the past Boden had always protected me.  There seemed to have been an implication that if we survived Bernice and Mihai then we would find peace together. 
“Summer, we will find peace eventually.  However, Charles is still out there.  We need to take care of that.  He will be plotting his next move as we speak.  He’s cunning and ambitious.  Although Bernice craved your death, Charles supported her.  Tracks he laid sparked my curiosity and led me away from the house the night that Ben came.  Charles and Bernice had worked together for a long time to achieve their individual desires.  I don’t want us to wait for him to make a move.  I want us to surprise him.”  Boden said in reply to my thoughts.
“Wow, that’s a turnaround.  I usually feel like I should be wrapped up in cotton wool where you’re concerned and now you want to take me into the lion’s den with you?”  I laughed.
“If it’s not what you want then . . .”  Boden began, obviously arguing with his own thoughts.  Worry furrowed into his forehead.  He was reverting to type.
“No.  I don’t know whether it is the immortal in me, but it excites me.  I want to feel empowered, I’m sick of being fragile and at deaths door waiting for you to rescue me all the time.  I want this.  I want to help you at last.”  I interrupted with the excitement bubbling inside me.

# # #


Connect with Me Online:
Twitter:  http://twitter.com/Buttaflii


Discover other titles from S E Collins at Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/collinsSE


