SANDY’S CHALLENGE
By
Thabi Majabula
Published by Thabi Majabula at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Thabi Majabula
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination and should not be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons (living or dead), actual events, locale or organizations is entirely coincidental.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE


CHAPTER ONE

“We can't just get a divorce!” protested Vusi.
“You won't lose anything. I'm only taking my own things,” said Sandy, packing more clothes into her suitcase. She was forcing herself not to drool over her husband, or to succumb to her desire to be with him. He was six foot tall, of medium build, medium complexion, with brown pools for eyes, and he was too handsome for his own good.
“You didn't talk to me about this,” he said.
“We hardly see each other, I've had no chance to talk to you.”
“I'm not divorcing you.”
“Why not? With me gone, your children can be more free here, and your Ma...”
“Stop that!”
“I'm showing you the advantages of getting a divorce.”
“I'm not getting a divorce!”
“What do you suggest? A separation? What happens if we want to marry other people?”
“We are married to each other! We can't marry other people.”
“We can, once we're divorced.”
“We're not divorcing!”
“We must. I don't like this living arrangement. I want a husband...”
“You already have a husband!”
“We're roommates, not married people. I'm not satisfied with that. I want a full marriage.”
“I'll give it to you.”
“It's too late.”
“No, it isn't!” Sandy closed her fully packed suitcase, put it on the floor and put an empty suitcase on the bed. She turned to her cupboard.
“Stop that! Stop that packing and focus!” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him.
“I'm focusing,” she said. Vusi left the door, entered her bedroom, and sat on the bed.
“What's going on?” he asked.
“I want a divorce.”
“Why? Everything's fine.”
“Did you and Karabo have the kind of marriage that you and I have?”
“That was different!”
“Why?”
“She wasn't you.”
“Exactly. I no longer want to be married to someone who doesn't love me, desire me, like me, and who isn't even my friend. I want a proper marriage.”
“I'll give it to you!”
“How can you? We've been married four years, and I'm the one who touches you, kisses you, and holds your hand. Even then, you tolerate that when we have an audience, otherwise, you can't stand to have me near you. At first, I thought you were still grieving, but I've finally accepted that I disgust you.”
“You don't!”
“I'm leaving.”
“No!” Sandy turned to her cupboard, took clothes from there, and put them in her suitcase. Her five foot seven, voluptuous frame worked swiftly. She wanted to move out that day, and be done with the whole mess.
“Sandy, let's talk about this,” said Vusi.
“If you'll excuse me I have a lot to get through,” Sandy said curtly. She felt Vusi watching her for some minutes, then he left. She closed her eyes tightly, forbidding herself to cry. She opened her eyes, and finished packing.
After some time, her cell phone rang. She answered it, then she went to open the front door to the people who were helping her to move. She greeted them, and showed them what to take to the lorry. In a short while, her few pieces of furniture, books, plants, and suitcases, had been packed into the lorry. Sandy fetched her handbag from her bedroom. 
She was almost at the front door, when she noticed Vusi watching her. She stopped, and returned his look. Her heart was pounding. He did not say anything, she decided to leave before she changed her mind. She walked towards the door, nodded at Vusi as she passed him, then she climbed into the lorry. Simon drove off.
“Are you sure, Sisi?” he asked.
“Yes,” said Sandy.
“He didn't look happy about it.”
“He doesn't care.”
“I think he does.”
“Can we not talk about this?” Sandy said curtly. She was starting to feel tearful. She was not going to shed tears about a non-marriage.
At her new home, Simon and his helpers unloaded her possessions, then they left. Sandy took her shoes off, and walked about the house. She ended up in her bedroom. It was smaller than...she stopped the thought, and sat on the bed.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, she repeated to herself, but it did not help. The tears fell from her eyes. She lay on her belly on her bed, sobbing until she fell asleep.
When she woke up, she was cold. She showered and climbed into bed. Next morning, she toyed with the idea of not going to work, and discarded it. Work would not give her time to mope. Moping would not change anything, nor would it turn the clock back.
The best thing for me is to date as many men as possible, Sandy thought, as she dressed. In the taxi to work, she decided that she would accept Jonathan's offer of a date if he made it. He was always asking her out.
She was relieved that no one said anything about her puffy eyes. She relaxed as the day progressed. When Jonathan entered her office after lunch, she smiled at him.
“Is it my birthday? Or is it Christmas? Why are you smiling at me?” he asked.
“I'm glad to see you.”
“Glad enough to go on a date with me?”
“Will your wife be joining us?”
“No. Will your husband be joining us?”
“No.” They arranged a time and place, then Jonathan told her what work he needed her to do.
At the close of business, Sandy went to cancel her date with him. The relief in his eyes showed her that she had done the right thing.
She decided that if she went home, she would end up in tears. She went to a club instead. She was not into clubbing, but she liked dancing. The music was very loud, but it was a small price to pay. When she tired, she phoned Si to pick her up.
“What were you doing there?” he demanded, as they drove off.
“I was dancing.”
“Alone?”
“Sometimes, at other times, I danced with other people.”
“Never ever go there alone!” he decreed.
“Simon!”
“Do you know what they call women who go there alone?”
“I don't care.”
“I'm never fetching you from there again.”
“Alright! I won't go alone. Can I sleep at your place? Si? If it's a problem...”
“Did I say it was a problem?”
“No, but...”
“Spend as much time as you need to.”
“The mother-of-Nora...”
“Don't worry about her, it's my house. If she doesn't want you there, she can leave.”
“Don't talk like that.”
“Uyadelela! She takes me for a fool.”
“What's happened?”
“Nothing! Here we are, come in. Make yourself at home. You know where the food and blankets are. Good night,” said Si, leaving Sandy in the lounge. She made herself a sandwich, then she lay tossing and turning on the sofa, doing her best not to thin k about Vusi. She watched some TV, and fell asleep.
When she woke up, a child was standing before her, watching her.
“Hi, Gogo,” he said.
“Hi, Sam. How are you?” said Sandy, sitting up. She folded the blankets and put them away.
“Fine. I'm going to school.”
“Do you like it?”
“Yes, I have many friends. Where are you going?” asked Sam, as he followed Sandy.
“To bath. You can't come into the bathroom with me,” said Sandy as Sam followed her, talking about his friends.
“Sam, come,” said the mother-of-Nora. Sandy greeted her, she returned the greeting coldly, and took her grandson away. Sandy cleaned up, and borrowed Nora's clothes. She took a taxi to work.
After work she went to her own home, and decided to make an effort to like the place. She had to, she was not going back to Vusi. As the days passed, she started getting used to the place.
Over the weekend, Si visited her. They talked for hours about their parents, their childhood, and the dreams of their youth.
“What happened to us, Sandy? Where did we go wrong?” asked Si.
“I don't know about you, but I fell in love with the wrong man, and that's basically messed up my whole life.”
“You don't know that he's the wrong man.”
“He doesn't return my feelings. He can't be the right man.”
“Did you give him a chance?”
“We've been married four years. Four years, Si, and he still doesn't know that I exist. If I'd married someone else, I might at least have a child or children. As it is, I've spent my life alone, pining for that man. When his precious Karabo died, I gave him time to mourn, and notice me. Did he? No. So I married him, but still, he didn't notice me. He doesn't care if I live or die. I'm expecting to receive the signed divorce papers any day now,” said Sandy. They were both quiet for a while.
“What's going on between you and your wife?” asked Sandy.
“We should never have married. I was in love with her, she saw me as a meal ticket. All we do is fight. I've put up with a lot of nonsense from her, for the sake of the children, or so I told myself, but it was because I was scared to leave. You remember how Ma and Baba felt about marriage?”
“They said it was sacred, and should never be dissolved, ever.”
“Exactly, but you're getting divorced.”
“Si...”
“I've thought about a divorce for twenty years, Sandy. I'm going to do it now.” They shared a long look, Sandy could see the resolve in her brother's eyes.
“Good luck,” she said.
“I don't need it. When I'm done with her...”
“Don't be mean. Please don't be mean, Si.”
“Let's go out, I want to celebrate. We'll go to that club you went to.” They danced until they were exhausted, then they returned to Sandy's home. When Sandy woke next morning, Si had left her a note to say that he had gone to collect his belongings from his home. He moved in with her later that day.
Sandy decided to go on a date with Jonathan. She was nervous, and feared that she would chicken out, but she went to the meeting place. It was a restaurant. She and Jonathan ordered drinks, and Jonathan talked about how unhappy he was in his marriage.
“If it's that bad, why don't you leave?” asked Sandy.
“I'm staying for the children.”
“Good luck.”
“Thank you,” said Jonathan, then he looked at something next to and above Sandy. She followed his glance, and gasped. Vusi was standing beside her, smiling. She smiled back, pleasantly surprised. He had not smiled at her in years. She looked into his eyes, and noticed the anger. She stopped smiling.
She gasped as Vusi bent and kissed her cheek. He had never kissed any part of her.
“Let me introduce you to our guests, Sandy,” he said. He straightened, and introduced two men and two women to her, telling them that Sandy was his wife. She had been away on business, and now, she was back. He helped her out of her seat, in order for her to shake hands with the guests.
“Is this your bag?” Vusi asked, then he picked up her handbag, took her hand in his, and led the way out of the restaurant. Sandy turned to look at Jonathan, he waved at her, she waved back. In the car park, Vusi escorted the guests to one of his other cars, where they were driven off by his driver, Banda. He then led Sandy to another car, helped her in, and joined her.
“What's going on?” she asked, as he drove.
“We have guests, you need to entertain them.”
“I'm not your wife anymore, I don't have to do anything with you, or for you.”
“I haven't signed the divorce papers, and I never will. You have to help me entertain the guests, so we can get the tender to build the creches. The only reason they gave our tender a second look, was because we worked as a couple. They like our sense of family.”
“We are not a family!”
“We're married, that makes us family. You can't back out now. The creches will help many people. What were you doing with that man?”
“That is none of your business!”
“You're my wife, of course it's my business.”
“We're getting divorced. I want to go home.”
“We're going home.”
“I want to go to my home, the one I moved to.”
“No.”
“How dare you presume to lay down the law for me!”
“It's what husbands do.”
“Husbands ignore you.”
“I was not ignoring you!”
“I'm going home in the morning, my work things are there.”
“Tomorrow's Saturday.”
“I work Saturdays.”
“I hoped we'd take our guests out together.”
“They are your guests, you make a plan for them.” They were silent for a while.
“What are you doing?” demanded Sandy.
“What does it look like?” returned Vusi.
“This is the middle of nowhere. You can't stop here. Have we run out of petrol?” Vusi did not reply. He phoned Banda, and told him to take the guests home. His call ended, and he looked at Sandy.
“Did you not hear what I said? We're going home, we'll host our guests, and when they leave, we'll work on our marriage,” he said.
“I'm not going to do that,” said Sandy.
“Why?”
“Because I'm working on a divorce.”
“I won't give it to you.”
“Why not, Vusi? I want to be married, properly married, and that sham we had is not a proper marriage.”
“You'll be properly married to me. You and I haven't taken time to work on this marriage.”
“I've worked four years on it, alone, and I'm not doing it anymore.”
“We'll work on it together from now on.”
“I'm too tired to do that.”
“If you have the energy to work on a divorce, you can surely work on a marriage.”
“I don't want to. I'm not prepared to spend energy on something bound to fail. Vusi, what are you doing?” Sandy asked, as Vusi moved his face closer to hers. She turned her head away. He kissed the side of her throat, gently, over and over again. Sandy closed her eyes, loving the feel of his lips on her. The kisses stopped. Sandy opened her eyes to look at Vusi.
He smiled, she felt weak in the knees, and her stomach flip-flopped. She closed her eyes again, wondering what was happening to her.
When she opened her eyes, Vusi was helping her out of the car, at his home. He led her into the house.
“Why are we in your bedroom?” asked Sandy.
“This is where we sleep.”
“I'm going to my bedroom.”
“We're presenting the image of a happy couple, happy couples sleep in the same bedroom.” Sandy opened her mouth to argue, then she stilled, realising that Vusi was watching her, genuinely watching her, with interest. He had never looked at her that way before.
“I'm listening,” he said.
“What is it you want from me?”
“I've told you. I want you to help me with this tender, then I want us to work on our marriage,” he said. They watched each other a long minute. Sandy's phone rang. She retrieved it from her handbag, and smiled as she answered the call.
“Where are you? It’s after midnight. Are you alright?” asked Si.
“I'm fine.”
“Do you need me to pick you up?”
“No, I'll be home in the morning.”
“You're spending the night with your date? Good for you.”
“It's not what you think, I'm with...”
“Let me not keep you,” said Si, as he cut the call. Sandy looked at Vusi, he was furious. The listening man was gone.
“What's the matter?” asked Sandy.
“You and I are not divorced. Tell your man, or men, that you're home with your husband, and that they should drop dead!” hissed Vusi.
“That was...”
“I don't care who it was! Put a stop to whatever you had with him. I'm not cheating on you, and you will not cheat on me,” Vusi decreed. He turned away from Sandy, undoing his shirt buttons. She watched him, puzzled by his change of mood, then she went to bath.
She found him lying in bed, she climbed in beside him, said goodnight, and went to sleep.
She woke with a start, looked at the time, then she bathed quickly. She dressed in the clothes that she had worn the day before, and made her way to the bedroom door.

CHAPTER TWO

“Where are you going?” asked Vusi. Sandy was startled, then she looked at him. He was sitting on the bed watching her.
“I'm going home to fetch my things for work,” she said.
“Why must you leave when it’s dark? I'll take you in a while.”
“No! I can go on my own.”
“Are you living with a man?”
“What does it matter?”
“You're living with a man. We've only been separated a few weeks, and you've already moved in with your lover? Did you leave me for him?” demanded Vusi.
“No! I have to go,” said Sandy, turning away from him.
“Who is he?” demanded Vusi. Sandy looked at him, startled.
“I have to go,” she repeated, then she left.
She was walking in the predawn light, when she heard a car behind her. She moved away from the road, to make room for it. It stopped beside her, and the front passenger door opened.
“Get in,” said a man.
“Vusi?” said Sandy, bending to see into the car.
“Get in. I'll take you where you’re going,” said Vusi. Sandy climbed into the car, and they drove off in silence. Sandy only spoke to give Vusi directions to her home.
“Is that a man's car?” Vusi demanded, as he parked his car outside her home.
“Thanks,” said Sandy, climbing out of the car. Vusi followed her to the front door.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Aren't you inviting me in? I want to meet the competition.”
“What competition?”
“Your new man. Is he the one from last night, or is this someone else?” The front door opened.
“Did he chuck you out already? He must have a wife. Don't get involved with a married man,” said Si. He was standing in the dark doorway, hidden from sight.
“Who is this?” demanded Vusi. His phone rang, he answered it, and cursed.
“I have to go. I'll pick you up from work,” he said after the call.
“I can make my own way,” said Sandy. Vusi kissed her briefly, and left. She put a hand on her mouth. He had never kissed her.
“What's going on between you and your husband? I thought you said he didn’t know you existed,” said Si. Sandy looked at him, then she went into the house.
“He needs my help with something,” she said. Later, Si drove her to work and told her that he would spend the weekend at his own home.
At the end of the business day, Sandy sat at her desk, wishing that she could disappear.
“Hi,” said a voice. Sandy looked up.
“Vusi? What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I've come to fetch you home.” Sandy looked away from him.
“What's the matter?” he asked. She shook her head.
“I'm sorry, I'm too tired to help you with your project,” she said.
“That’s fine. Let's go,” said Vusi, helping Sandy out of her seat. She watched as he picked up her handbag, then he guided her out of the building, and into his car.
“Bad day?” he asked, as he drove.
“I wish I was dead.”
“Why?”
“I lost an account.”
“Why?”
“Because I'm incompetent.”
“You are not! Did the client go to the opposition?”
“They closed shop.”
“That's not your fault, Sandy. The economic climate is challenging for everyone. Lots of companies are closing down, you know that.”
“Why did it have to be my client? These are the third clients I've lost in a month. Where am I going to get new ones? I'm going to be fired. What will I do then? I wish I was dead.”
“Don't say that.” After a silence, the car stopped.
“Why are we here? Shouldn't we be with the guests?” asked Sandy.
“They'll be back tonight. Right now, we’re going to lunch.”
“I can't go in there, I'm not dressed.”
“Come,” said Vusi, helping her out of the car, and into the restaurant. He helped her into her seat at their table. They ordered their food, and Sandy ate ravenously.
“Thank you, that was great,” she said, as Vusi paid for their meal.
At his home, Sandy took a long bath, then she went to supervise dinner preparations.
The guests returned. Dinner went well, then Sandy went to the bedroom that she shared with Vusi. She sat on the bed, and looked in the yellow pages for companies to cold call for business. Her phone rang. She answered it.
“I'm in your house, where are you?” asked Si.
“At Vusi's.”
“Are you rekindling old flames?”
“There's nothing to rekindle.”
“Are you coming home?”
“Not tonight.”
“Can I come to you?”
“I don’t think that's a good idea.”
“When will I see you?”
“I can come by after lunch tomorrow.”
“That’s too long to wait.”
“It's the best I can do. Will you be there, or will you go to your home?”
“I'll be here.”
“I love you,” said Sandy.
“I love you, too.”
“You're not going to get drunk, are you?”
“I miss my children.”
“I thought you said they weren't yours?”
“Biologically, but I'm the only father they know.”
“Apply for joint custody. You have rights, and if she refuses you your rights when you're on the birth certificates, you can insist on DNA testing, and refuse to pay maintenance for children that aren't yours.”
“You're brilliant, Sandy.”
“Will you be okay?”
“I need you.”
“I'll be there tomorrow. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
“I thought I told you to get rid of your boyfriends,” said Vusi. He was in the room, standing over the bed, frowning at Sandy.
“That was...”
“Get rid of him!” said Vusi, then he strode to the bathroom.
“What is your problem?” demanded Sandy. He turned to look at her.
“My problem is that my wife is cheating on me,” he replied.
“I am not...”
“Stop it, Sandra! How can we work on our marriage, when there are three of us in it? Neither you or I are permitted to have someone else. You and I are the only ones in this marriage,” he said, then he went into the bathroom, and closed the door. He opened it, and looked at her.
“We had a good afternoon, a great evening, and now, you’ve spoilt it all, by dangling your man before me,” he said.
“I don’t have a man.”
“You have more than one? How many do you have? Can I get the same number of women?”
“That's up to you.”
“Wrong answer!”
“Vusumuzi, what is wrong with you? All I did was talk on the phone, and you act as if I committed a crime.”
“Is adultery not a crime?”
“It's a sin, but it’s not a crime.”
“Do I not have cause to be upset, if my wife is telling another man that she loves him, when she's never told me that?”
“We don’t have that kind of relationship.”
“That's going to change, immediately. However many men you have, get rid of them. I mean it, Sandra. You can only have one man, me!”
“Divorce me, and you’ll never have to worry about me and other men.” Vusi went to stand directly infront of Sandy.
“I will not divorce you. If your lover is leaving his wife for you, tell him to go back, because your husband refuses to divorce you,” he said with certainty.
“Why not, Vusi? What reason could you possibly have, for hanging onto a non-marriage?”
“We'll work on our marriage. We started today, and we're going to carry on. We will have a good marriage, and we will both enjoy being in it.”
“I'm not Karabo.”
“I know that.”
“Can you be married to someone other than her? You've been mourning for seven years, why have you stopped now?”
“Do you want me to stay in mourning?” They watched each other in silence. 
“I don't know. I used to wish you'd stop mourning, but now, I don't know,” she said.
“I don't want to be in mourning anymore. I want to live, with you.”
“What's changed?”
“Does it matter?” Sandy had no reply. Vusi returned to the bathroom.
Sandy changed into her sleepwear and climbed into bed, wondering why Vusi suddenly wanted to be married. She remembered that the guests had left, and climbed out of bed. The bathroom door opened.
“Where are you going?” asked Vusi.
“To my room. The guests are gone, and...”
“And nothing. This room belongs to you and me. We'll sleep in it, together.”
“There's no audience now, we don't have to do that. Goodnight,” said Sandy, leaving the room. She could hear Vusi calling her.
In her bedroom, she climbed into her bed, and lay down. The door opened, and Vusi entered in his pyjamas. He walked to the bed, and climbed in beside Sandy.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Getting into bed with my wife.”
“Your bedroom...”
“Bedrooms don't matter, being together does. Goodnight,” he said, settling down.
Sandy watched him for some minutes, then she went to close the door. She returned to bed, and lay beside Vusi.
Next morning after her shower, she went to look for her clothes in Vusi's room, which was where the clothes that she had left behind had been moved to.
She was in her bra and panty, looking through her clothes, when the bedroom door opened. She gasped and grabbed the duvet, to cover herself.
“Hi,” said Vusi.
“Don't you knock?” demanded Sandy.
“Why do I need to knock on my own bedroom door? Don't let me interrupt you as you dress.”
“I can't dress with you in here.”
“This is where our clothes are, I think we should sleep in here, don't you? It will save us from going from one room to the other.”
“I'm moving my things back to my room.” Vusi frowned.
“I'll have to move mine in there when I return,” he said.
“There's no need to...”
“We sleep in the same room, Sandy, whether it's this one, the one we slept in last night, or another one, we sleep together,” said Vusi, then he started taking off his clothes. Sandy looked away from him.
“I'm going to play golf. I'll be back for dinner. What will you get up to today?” he asked.
“Nothing,” said Sandy.
“You’re going to meet your lover, aren’t you? I heard you tell him that you'll meet him this afternoon.” Sandy opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. Vusi was standing in his underwear, looking at her. She ran her eyes over his body, and remembered why she had always been attracted to him. She looked into his eyes.
He smiled. She sat on the bed weakly, and the duvet slipped from her fingers.
“I think you're gorgeous too,” he said. Sandy looked at him, he was looking at her with desire. She could not breathe, and her hands seemed to have lost the ability to grip the duvet to cover her body.
She watched as Vusi approached her.
“We're getting divorced,” she said.
“You know very well, that we’re not getting divorced,” said Vusi.
Sandy stood. Vusi stopped, and looked her body over. She picked up the duvet, and covered herself. He looked into her eyes.
“Are you nervous?” he asked. Sandy nodded.
“So am I,” he said.
“Why?” asked a surprised Sandy.
“I haven't had a lover in...”
“Oh.”
“I'm glad you're going to be my lover.”
“I'm not.” Vusi put his hands on her shoulders, kissed her lightly, and then he went to dress. Sandy stood watching him. He finished dressing, and turned back to her.
“I'll expect the same courtesy,” he said.
“What courtesy?”
“The courtesy of watching you dress.”
“I'm moving out.”
“I'll come to you, wherever you are.”
“Why, Vusi? You haven't cared in four years what happened to me, why start caring now?”
“I've come back to life. I'll see you tonight,” he said, waving, as he left.
Sandy dressed, and went to get things ready for cold calling clients the following day. Later, she went to her home.
“It smells great in here,” she said.
“Hi, Sandy. I'm glad you're finally here. Come and eat,” said Si from the kitchen. Sandy joined him for lunch.
“I spoke to my lawyer, you were right. How come you know so much about law?” asked Si.
“I know a bit about divorce.”
“Why?”
“I hoped Vusi would divorce Karabo.”
“Sandra!”
“I read up as much as I could on the custody of children. It didn’t help, of course. He only had eyes for her, no matter how often I went to their home and flaunted my assets. His brothers and friends noticed me, but never him. He noticed other women, but not me.”
“You’re crazy about him.”
“I'll have to get over it. I've been in love with him for twenty-eight years. Even a fool realises when something just won't happen.”
“You can’t just get over him.”
“I know. When I get fired...”
“Who says you'll get fired?”
“Most of my clients have closed shop, they have to fire me, I'm not meeting my quotas. When I get fired, I'll go on holiday, and have a wild and passionate affair to cure me of Vusumuzi. If I don't do that, then I'll have a string of never-ending boyfriends…Who am I kidding? We both know I don’t have it in me to do that, but I wish I did.”
The doorbell rang. Si went to open the door, and returned with his best friend and business partner, Jeff, and their friend, David. Sandy greeted the guests, and prepared food for them.
They all sat talking long after they finished eating. When it became dark, they lit candles instead of switching on the light, as they continued to talk. The doorbell rang. Si went to open the door. Sandy was laughing at something that Jeff had said, when she realised that her companions were looking above her with concern.
She turned, and noticed that Si had returned to the room with an angry Vusi.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I've come to fetch you home.”
“I am home.”
“Come on,” said Vusi, drawing on Sandy’s hands, and helping her to her feet.
“I'm not going anywhere,” said Sandy. Vusi gave her a slow and thorough kiss. When it ended, she leaned weakly against him. When she came to her senses, Vusi was driving her away from her home.
“What are you doing? Take me back,” she said.
“Ma's expecting us.”
“Ma?”
“Your Mamazala.”
“I want to go back home.”
“We are going home.”
“My home.”
“Our home is your home.”
“Vusi...”
“Ma asked me what kind of living arrangement we have. In the past few weeks, she's visited us, and you haven't been home.”
“I...” said Sandy. Vusi was parking the car at his home.
“Come,” he said, helping her out of the car, and into the house.
“Makoti, is everything alright? Where are you coming from so late in the night?” asked Mamazala. Sandy greeted her.
“She was with friends,” said Vusi.
“Until so late?”
“MaMlambo and I have work tomorrow, goodnight, Ma,” said Vusi. Mamazala bade them goodnight, and left them in the lounge.
“I told you...” said Sandy. Vusi put a finger on her lips, and led her to his bedroom.
“It's time to sleep,” he said. Sandy went to change in the bathroom. When she returned to the bedroom, Vusi was asleep. She stood looking down at him, then she sat on the bed beside him, trying to figure him out.
Getting no answers to her questions, she stood, and gasped as her wrist was gripped firmly.
“Where are you going?” asked Vusi.
“To sleep,” said Sandy. Vusi made room for her on the bed. She climbed in beside him, and lay down, her back to him. He spooned in behind her, an arm round her waist. In a while, Sandy could tell by his breathing, that he was asleep.
CHAPTER THREE

Next morning, Sandy found Vusi and Mamazala in the dining room. She greeted them, then breakfast was brought in by the staff. After breakfast, Vusi drove her to work.
Half an hour after the start of business, she was sitting outside the office, having cleared her desk. Her cab arrived, and took her to her home.
She lay on her bed, weeping until she had no more tears. She took a long bath, then she started cooking. Her phone rang, she answered it.
“Where are you?” demanded a man.
“Who is this?” she demanded in return.
“Vusi.”
“Vusi?”
“Your husband!”
“Oh! You've never phoned me before, is everything alright?”
“Where are you? Sandra? I'm talking to you.”
“Why don't you just sign the divorce papers?”
“Never! I'll never sign them.”
“Why not?”
“Because I don't want to.”
“I need you to sign them.”
“Why?”
“So I can get on with my life.”
“Your life is with me.”
“No, it isn't. It never was, and it never will be. Just sign, okay?” said Sandy, then she cut the call. Vusi phoned back, she switched off her phone. When she finished cooking, she went to Si's offices, and demanded to be put to work.
“Why are you here at this time?” he asked.
“Can we not talk? I'll tell you later. Just give me something to do, Si,” she said.
She was exhausted at the end of the day. Si drove her home. Vusi's car was parked there. He climbed out of his car when Sandy climbed out of Si's car. She watched as he almost ran to her.
“Where have you been?” he roared.
“Don't shout at me,” she said.
“I've been worried sick about you!”
“Don't. I'm fine, as you see.”
“What are you doing here? You have a home to go to. Sandy? What is it?” he asked, watching as she blinked hard to stem the tears that were fighting to fall.
“Sandy?” said Si.
“Leave her alone,” shouted Vusi, standing between Si and Sandy. Si moved closer to Sandy, and Vusi made to hit him. Sandy stood between the men, facing Vusi.
“Don't you dare hit him. Don't you recognise Simon?” she asked.
“Simon?”
“My brother!” shouted a frustrated Sandy. Vusi looked at Si, and greeted him. Si returned the greeting.
“If you hit him, I'll never speak to you again,” said Sandy. Vusi looked at her, and nodded.
“If you hit her, I'll kill you,” said Si.
“I would never, ever, hit her,” said Vusi. The men shared a look, then Si moved into Sandy's line of vision.
“I got fired today,” said Sandy. 
“I'm sorry,” said Vusi, focusing on her.
“I want to be alone, so I can figure out what I'm doing with the rest of my life. Sign the divorce papers, and leave me alone.” Vusi gave her a long look, then he left.
“He claims to not want a divorce, but when I need him most, he leaves,” said Sandy disdainfully.
“You told him to go,” said Si.
“He should have known that I didn't mean it! Are you coming in?”
“No, I have a date.”
“Good luck.” Sandra entered the house, and showered. She had just come out of the shower, when the doorbell rang. She went to open the door, wearing a towel.
“That was a quick...date,” she said.
“Hi, Sandy,” said Vusi.
“What are you doing here?”
“I've come to be with my wife.”
“I don’t want you here.”
“That's too bad. If you won’t let me into the house, I'll sleep in the car, but I will be where you are.”
“Why?”
“You're hurting, you need a friend, and I want to be that friend.” Sandy left the door open, as she went to get dressed.
She found Vusi in the lounge. He had a suitcase, and blankets. She took the suitcase, and he followed her with the blankets, as she led him to the guest room. She put down the suitcase.
“Where do you sleep?” asked Vusi. Sandy pointed out her room, Vusi took his blankets there. Later, he joined her in the kitchen.
“I brought cooked food,” he said, giving her a bag.
“Thank you, sit down. I'm almost done dishing up,” said Sandy. Vusi washed his hands at the sink, and sat down. They ate in silence, then they sat watching each other.
Sandy's phone rang.
“Are you alright?” asked Si.
“I’m fine.”
“Do you want me to come over?”
“No, have fun.” Vusi cleared his throat. Sandy looked at him, he was frowning.
“Was that you?” asked Si.
“No.”
“You have company?”
“Yes.”
“Is it your husband?”
“Yes.”
“Did you invite him back?”
“No.”
“Good luck.”
“Thank you.
“I love you.”
“I love you, too, Si.”
“Was that your brother?” asked Vusi.
“Yes,” replied Sandy.
“He loves you.”
“I love him, too.”
“Who's older?”
“Me.”
“By how many years?”
“Seven minutes.”
“You're twins? You never told me that.”
“I did tell you.”
“Oh.”
“Where's your Ma?”
“At home.”
“Her home?”
“Ours.”
“How could you leave her alone?”
“She's not alone, she's with Prisca, who's on holiday.”
“How is Prisca?”
“Let's go home, and you can ask her yourself.” Sandy started clearing the table.
When she went to her bedroom, she found Vusi in her bed. She joined him. She breathed deep, inhaling his smell. She had always loved his smell.
She was woken by a kiss on the cheek.  She smiled, and opened her eyes. Vusi was sitting beside her, watching her, his face just above hers. She caressed his cheek.
“We leave in twenty minutes. We're having breakfast with Ma and Prisca,” he said, then he left the room.
Mamazala and Prisca were in the dining room. Vusi and Sandy joined them. Sandy greeted them. Mamazala returned her greeting, Prisca glared at her.
“Let's eat,” said Sandy. Mamazala and Vusi started eating. Sandy ate a bit, then she said that she had to go. She could not stomach Pri’s glares that early in the day.
“Can't you take the day off? I haven't seen you in ages, Makoti,” said Mamazala.
“I started yesterday, I don’t have time off yet,” said Sandy.
“We'll both be late if we don't leave now. You two can talk later,” said Vusi. He and Sandy left.
“What time should I pick you up?” he asked, as he dropped Sandy off.
“I don't know.”
“Ask your brother, I'll phone you after lunch.”
When Vusi phoned after lunch, Sandy asked him to pick her up at half-past five.
Late in the day, Jeff joined her.
“Your husband is here,” he said. 
“Thanks, I'll just finish up here, and...”
“I'd leave now, if I were you. He's not in a very good mood.”
“I’m not finished.”
“Take the work with you.”
“Okay.”
“Get moving. I don’t want him harassing the security people.” Sandy packed up, and left the building.
“What took you so long?” demanded Vusi.
“I was working.”
“It's six o'clock now, I’ve been waiting since half-past five, the time you told me to pick you up.”
“Sorry.”
“Come on, we’re late as it is.”
“I'll make my own way home in future,” said Sandy, as Vusi drove.
“I've told you that I'll pick you up!”
“There's no point in picking me up, if you’re going to get mad and upset everyone in the vicinity.”
“I'm not mad!” shouted Vusi. Sandy was startled into silence.
They found Vusi’s siblings, their spouses, and two of Karabo's sisters at their home. Some of the guests had brought their children. They all greeted Vusi warmly, some greeted Sandy coolly, others ignored her. She replenished teacups where necessary, poured Vusi a cup of tea, then she went to take a bath.
She hummed as she dressed. The bedroom door opened and closed quickly.
“Where did you disappear to?” demanded Vusi.
“I was having a bath.”
“Do you need two hours to bath?”
“I didn't take two hours.”
“Get dressed, and get out there. You are the hostess. You, not Ma, not Prisca, my sisters, or anyone else. You, my wife!” Sandy did not like his tone, but she decided against a quarrel. He was obviously upset about something, and taking his frustrations out on her.
It's a good thing we’re getting a divorce, I could never put up with this kind of attitude on a regular basis, she thought, as she finished dressing.
She went to the kitchen. Pri was shouting out instructions. Sandy gave a general greeting.
“Ma, should I add this spice to the chicken?” someone asked.
“Should we set the table for adults and children together, or should they eat separately?” asked someone else. Several more questions were asked. Sandy answered them all calmly and everyone worked with renewed fervour.
Sandy checked on pots and asked the cook what she had planned.
“Wena Sandra! Sandra! What have you done to Prisca?” demanded Matilda, one of Vusi's sisters. She and Pri were glaring at Sandy. She closed the pot that she was stirring, lowered the heat on the stove, and looked at Matilda.
“What is it, Aunty?” she asked.
“Prisca was doing fine, supervising dinner. Now, you've upset her by taking over. Get out of here, and let her get on with things. This is her day, we're here to celebrate her. We don't even want you in this house.”
“You are not my Ma,” said Pri.
“Thank you for reminding me, Prisca. Now, I'm going to remind you, and your aunt, that I may not be your mother, but I am your father’s wife. As such, I am the hostess,” said Sandy.
“Baba will divorce you,” said Prisca.
“That's possible, but until and unless that happens, I am the lady of the house, you will be lady of your husband's home. Please excuse us, we have people to feed.” 
Matilda and Prisca glared at Sandy, and turned to leave. Sandy noticed that the staff had been listening to the conversation. They all returned to work, as Matilda, her sisters and Karabo's sisters, left the room.
It's time to effect the divorce, any one of those women could bewitch me, or poison me, Sandy thought, as she returned to work.
The meal was set up in two rooms, the adults in the dining room, and the children in one of the lounges. Sandy ate on her feet in the kitchen, supervising dessert. She took it to the dining room, then she smelt something burning. She rushed out of the room and realised that she was smelling cigarette smoke. She let her nose guide her to where it was.
She found three teenagers smoking in the lounge. All the children were watching a movie.
“Stop that! Stop it at once!” shouted Sandy, shocked and disgusted to see people smoking in her home. The startled children looked at her.
“Put those cigarettes out right now! Do your parents allow you to smoke?” asked Sandy.
“That's none of your business,” said one of the smoking teens.
“No one is allowed to smoke in this home.”
“This is my mamkhulu's house, and you can't tell me whether or not to smoke here,” said one of the teens.
“Put out your cigarettes!” shouted Sandy. Everyone turned to the TV. Sandy approached the teen who had been rudest to her. She pulled his baby finger back until he screamed. The others looked at him, then one of them pushed Sandy. She staggered, then she slapped him hard, he gasped in shock.
The biggest teen then stood, and threw a punch at her, she side stepped, he lost his balance and fell onto the floor. Another teen punched her, and Sandy beat him, until he was groaning on the floor.
“Put out those cigarettes,” panted Sandy. Everyone who had a cigarette put it out. Sandy turned to leave the room, and noticed that all the adults had been watching her.
“If anyone ever smokes, drinks alcohol, or does drugs in this house, I will deal with them severely. That is totally unacceptable in this home. Are you alright MaMlambo?” asked Vusi. Sandy nodded.
Everyone gasped as Vusi took the boys that had punched at Sandy, by the lapels.
“If you ever raise your hand to my wife, I will break every bone in your body, do you understand?” he shouted. The two teens nodded fearfully. Vusi released them.
“Anyone who raises their hand to my wife raises their hand to me,” said Vusi. He took Sandy's hand, and led her to the dining room. The rest of the meal was eaten in silence, then the guests left.
Sandy closed her eyes, and breathed deeply. She was moving out, and seeing to it that the divorce was finalised.
She found Vusi in bed, asleep.
“I'm sorry I lost my temper with those children last night. I'll leave, and...” she said as they drove to work next morning.
“You're not going anywhere,” said Vusi.
“Beating those children made their parents mad, at me, and at you, for sticking up for me. It will divide you from them.”
“They should have raised their children better. You’re my wife, and nothing is going to change that.”
“Vusi...”
“No more talk of divorce.”
“Divorce will solve all your problems. It really is for the best.”
“You think so?”
“Yes! Your family can see you without me darkening their visits, and your children can have the run of the house, without power struggles with me. You'll never again have to hear from your sisters and Karabo's sisters how wicked and evil I am. No one will say how mean I am to Pri, or the others.”
“We're not getting a divorce. All the people you mention have their own homes, and my children will be in their own homes soon. Divorce would kill me.”
“Don't be so dramatic!”
“I love you, Sandra, and I want to spend my life with you.”
“Don't give me that,” scoffed Sandy.
“I'm not divorcing you. If you leave, I'll follow you.”
“Why?”
“Because I love you, and I don’t want to live without you.” Sandy turned to Vusi, and looked at him.
“I don't think it's funny to make declarations like that, just because you’re afraid I'll take your property. I told you, I'm not taking anything from you,” she said.
“I'm not trying to protect my property. If you took it all, I could get more. What I can't get, is another you. There is no one who's been there for me the way you have. You've stood by me, and been my centre. I'd have fallen apart without you. I refuse to divorce you, because I love you.”
“And you had this revelation after I left you? We've been together four years, and you didn't know I existed.”
“We've been together close on thirty years, Sandra. I know that it took your leaving to make me realise that I love you, but I've realised it now. We can work on our marriage.”
“I don't want to.”
“You love me, you can’t help but want our marriage to work. Loving you as I do, I also want our marriage to work.” Sandy glared at Vusi, then she looked away from him.
“Do you love me?” he asked.
“Yes, I love you, but I'll get over it,” she said.
“No, you won't, neither will I get over loving you.”
“We'll both have to, we're getting divorced.” Vusi stopped outside Sandy’s work place.
“Have a good day,” he said, then he kissed her cheek.
“I'll pick you up at half past five, please be ready, we have to be on time for a function we're attending,” he said.
“I have no clothes.”
“Don’t worry, be ready when I pick you up.” Sandy climbed out of the car, and watched as Vusi drove off.
“Are you alright?” asked Si.
“I don't know.”
“Are you getting divorced?”
“I don’t know, and you, are you getting divorced?”
“Definitely. What's with you and your husband?”
“I don't know.”
At the end of the day, Jeff stood at her desk.
“Get ready, your husband will be here soon. I don’t want a repeat of yesterday,” he said.
“What happened yesterday?” asked Si.
“He was upset about waiting for his beloved, so he upset everyone else. He's known as the ogre husband. No one wants to talk to him when he arrives. Sandy, get your things, and get out there, now.”
“What are you doing out here?” demanded Vusi, when he fetched Sandy.
“I was told to wait out here.”
“Have you been fired? Already? I'll talk to your brother for you.”
“What did you do, or say, yesterday? Everyone's afraid of you. I was sent out here, so you wouldn't get onto the premises, and upset anyone else.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Then why are they calling you the ogre husband?”
“What?”
“They all wonder how I live with you.”
“I don't want you sitting our here alone, anything could happen to you.”
“Then you need to be nice to security, so they let you on the premises, and into the office. I'm sorry I was late yesterday. I'll set my alarm clock from now on.”
“I'll apologise to your colleagues.”
They went home to change. Vusi had bought Sandy several outfits. She loved them all. He had great taste. Later, they went to the function that he had spoken about.

CHAPTER FOUR

After the function, they were driven home.
“Congratulations. Your company won the most awards. You must be so proud. You should have brought Mamazala, she'll be so proud of you,” said Sandy.
“Are you proud of me?” asked Vusi.
“Very. I'll boast about this all year long.” Vusi smiled, and took one of her hands in his. Using her free hand, Sandy examined the six awards that Vusi's company had won. She told him that his personal award, for best contribution to the industry, was the best looking of the lot.
At home, Vusi carried his awards into the house. Mamazala and Pri welcomed him like a hero, hugging and kissing him. Mamazala had tears in her eyes.
Pri also said that Vusi's award was the prettiest. She wanted to keep it in her bedroom.
“No, I want to keep it,” said Vusi.
“Baba!”
“It is my award.”
“I'm so proud of you.”
In his bedroom, Vusi put his personal award in Sandy's hand.
“Where do you want me to put it?” she asked.
“Wherever you want to, it's yours.”
“What do you mean? You won it.”
“I'm giving it to you.”
“Vusi...”
“You said you were proud of me.”
“I am.”
“What will you show off with, if I don’t give you that?”
“Oh, Vusi,” said Sandy, looking at him with tears in her eyes. He kissed her gently.
She put the award beside her. When she fell asleep, it was the last thing that she saw.
When she woke up, Vusi was sitting beside her, watching her. He caressed her lips. She kissed his finger. He smiled, and climbed out of bed.
She bathed after him. He sat on the bed, watching her, as she dressed. She stilled when he stood, and approached her. He buttoned up her blouse, tucked it in her skirt, zipped up her skirt, and stood back, looking her over.
“You look great,” he said.
“Thank you,” she said shyly. She looked him over and fixed his tie, although it did not need fixing. She looked into his eyes. He wanted her. Her heart beat accelerated. She panted in excitement. She heard Pri laughing, and looked away from Vusi.
“What is it?” he asked.
“I'm worried about your children.”
“Why?”
“They don’t like me.”
“They'll get over it.”
“I doubt it. Maybe I should move out, and...”
“Maybe you should forget that idea. This is my home, my home is your home. If the children don't like that we're together, they can go to their own homes.”
“Vusi...”
“We have to go to work. I love you.” Sandy looked at him, surprised by the change of topic, then she looked away from him.
“I love you, too,” she said.
“Are you ashamed of loving me?” he asked.
“Of course not.”
“Then why can't you look me in the eye when you say it?” Sandy looked at him.
“I love you,” she said. He smiled, and kissed her gently.
“Ready to go?” he said.  Sandy nodded. Vusi's phone rang.
“I'll catch up with you,” he said, then he answered the phone.
Sandy found Mamazala and Pri in the dining room. She greeted them, as she sat down. Mamazala returned her greeting, Pri ignored it. The food was brought into the room.
“Where's Baba?” asked Pri.
“He's on a call,” replied Sandy. Vusi joined the women.
“Baba, I...” said Pri. Vusi greeted his mother and Pri, they returned his greeting, as he sat down.
“Baba, Tom and Jane are coming today,” said Pri.
“That's great, it will be wonderful to have you all together,” said Vusi. Everyone started eating, as Pri talked about her university experiences.
“Ready to go?” Vusi asked Sandy. She nodded, and bade Mamazala and Pri goodbye. Mamazala said goodbye, Pri said nothing. Sandy picked up her handbag, and stood.
“Can I get the staff to cook Tom and Jane's favourite foods, Baba?” asked Pri.
“Ask the lady of the house. I know nothing about what goes on in the kitchen,” said Vusi.
“Gogo...” Pri said to Mamazala.
“I'm not your father's wife,” said Mamazala. Pri looked at her plate of food. Sandy was surprised that Pri did not talk to her. She turned away from the table, and made for the door.
“Mrs Dlomo. Mrs Dlomo,” said Pri. Sandy continued to walk.
“Pri's talking to you, MaMlambo,” said Vusi.
“Me?” said Sandy.
“You're Mrs Dlomo.”
“Oh. Oh, yes. I'm listening, Pri,” she said, looking from Vusi to Pri.
“Can the staff make Tom's and Jane's favourite foods?” asked Pri.
“Of course,” said Sandy, then she went to talk to the kitchen staff, before joining Vusi in the car.
“Don’t you know that you're Mrs Dlomo?” he asked, as they were driven off.
“I've never been called that. People call me by my name, or by my surname.”
“Why would Pri call you Mrs Dlomo, instead of Ma or mamncane?”
“Because I didn't give birth to her.”
“You’re my wife, that makes you her mother.”
“Do you have your awards?”
“Yes.”
“One of these days, I want to come and see them in your office.”
“I'd like that.”
“Thank you for the award you gave me.”
“You’re welcome. I'll pick you up at six tonight, and I'll behave myself.”
“Okay,” smiled Sandy. She kissed his cheek, as she climbed out of the car at her place of work.
In the late afternoon, Si asked her why she looked as if she was expecting something bad to happen.
“Vusi's children will be home tonight, all of them. Having Pri there was bad enough, but having all three of them there is asking for trouble.”
“You’ve managed in the past four years.”
“I don’t know that I can continue to let them walk all over me.”
“They loved you as their mother's friend.”
“Yes, and I loved them, but as soon as Vusi and I married, I became public enemy number one.”
“What will you do?”
“Take it one step at a time. If need be, I'll leave. I won’t be treated as if I have no rights, and I won’t let them continue to think that it's alright to disrespect me. I know I'm not their mother, but that's no reason to treat me as if I killed her.”
“Good luck.”
“Vusi's being so nice. He's really making it difficult to leave.”
“Do you still want to?”
“I don’t know. I doubt that he'll be nice once his children and I start fighting, and I know for a fact, that we will. This is a mess.”
“I want you to be happy.” Sandy smiled.
“Thank you, be happy too,” she said. Jeff joined them.
“Your husband is here. He's a model citizen tonight. I've even allowed him to wait at reception,” he said.
“Thanks, I'll see you tomorrow,” said Sandy, then she left.
She smiled at Vusi, who was standing at reception, and he smiled back. Sandy made her goodbyes to her colleagues as Vusi took her hand in his, and led her out to the car.
“I can't wait to see the children,” he said, as he drove.
At home, he left the car outside the front door, and practically sprinted into the house. Sandy realised from the cars outside the house, that the extended family had come to welcome Tom and Jane. She drove Vusi’s car to the garage, giving herself time to be ready to face her in-laws.
She found everyone in the lounge. She sat down and gave a general greeting. It was returned without enthusiasm, then everyone focused on Vusi and his children. The staff were clearing away the teacups.
Sandy smiled watching Vusi with his children, he had always loved them. He was listening avidly, as they vied to tell him about their lives. Her smile faded. I have to leave, so that he can continue to be with the children in peace, she thought.
She went to take a quick shower, then she went to supervise dinner. She had asked the staff to decorate the dining room, and she went to look it over. She put finishing touches, then she went to announce the meal. She returned to the dining room, to light the candles. She heard voices approaching the dining room, then she heard gasps.
She looked up. Vusi, his children, Mamazala, and the guests, were looking the room over. They were clearly surprised. Mamazala was delighted.
“Makoti, this is beautiful,” she said. Sandy smiled.
“Tom, Pri, Jane, welcome home. Sit down, everyone, let's eat,” she said. Everyone sat down, and ate well. Sandy played with her food. The thought of leaving was making the thought of putting food in her stomach abhorrent.
“Tom's talking to you, MaMlambo,” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him, then at Tom.
“Thank you for a great meal,” he said. Sandy was surprised.
“You're welcome,” she said. Tom was watching her intently. Sandy realised that everyone else was also watching her. She asked each of the children about their university studies. Tom and Jane spoke guardedly, Pri pretended not to have heard Sandy, and asked her father about several things.
She then told Tom and Jane about the awards that Vusi and his company had won. Jane, Tom, and the extended family congratulated Vusi. He thanked them all. The meal ended, the guests left.
Sandy vowed that she was not going to cry again about leaving. She would just do it, and get on with her life. She went to the kitchen, to avoid seeing and talking to Vusi. When the house quieted, she sat in the lounge. The TV was on, but she was not watching, she was wondering if marrying Vusi had been the right thing to do.
He claimed to love her, but things were complicated. Love would not make everything right, she would have to leave, for the sake of her heart, and for the sake of Vusi and his children.
“Hi,” said Tom. Sandy looked up at him, he was standing beside her, she had not heard him enter the room.
“Hi,” she said. Tom sat down, and kept his eyes on her.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Baba's happy. He hasn't been happy since Ma died. What did you do to him?”
“Nothing.”
“Has Pri been giving you a hard time?”
“No,” said Sandy uneasily.
“Of course she has. She gave Ma a hard time, she's bound to give you a hard time. Don’t mind her, keep making Baba happy.” Sandy drew back, surprised. He meant what he was saying. She opened her mouth to say something, and Pri entered the room. She sat between Tom and Sandy.
“What were you talking about?” she asked.
“None of your business,” said Tom, as he left the room. Pri turned to Sandy and repeated her question.
“Ask your brother,” said Sandy.
“I'm asking you.”
“I'm not obligated to answer you.”
“I demand to know...”
“Goodnight,” said Sandy, and she went to the room she was sharing with Vusi. She sat a long time on the bed, watching him sleep, then she lay down beside him. She wanted to savour the last few nights that she would have with him, before things ended between them.
She met Vusi, his children and his mother in the dining room for breakfast. She greeted them, and sat down.
“Makoti, didn’t you sleep?” asked Mamazala.
“How could she sleep, when she and Tom were up all night, conducting an affair?” asked Pri. Sandy gasped, shocked.
“Wena Prisca, shut up about things you know nothing about,” Tom said coldly. Pri gave Sandy a nasty look. Sandy played with her food, then she excused herself.
In the room she shared with Vusi, she fetched her handbag, then she noticed the statue that Vusi had given her. She put down her handbag, and picked up the statue. It was the only part of Vusi that she could take with her. She sat on the bed, cradling it in her hands, then she caressed it.
“Stop that,” said Vusi. Sandy looked up at him, startled. She had not heard him coming into the room. He was scowling.
“Stop what?” she asked.
“Stop caressing that, instead of caressing me. If I’d known you'd be touching it instead of me, I'd never have given it to you,” he said. Sandy smiled, put the statue down, and stood. She approached Vusi, caressed his face, his bald head, then his cheeks. She drew his head down to her level, and kissed him.
He kissed her back, and drew her body close to his. He wrapped his arms round her waist, holding her tight. Sandy deepened the kiss, wanting to savour it, knowing as she did, that she and Vusi would be parted before the week ended.
“Baba...oh!” gasped Pri. Sandy broke the kiss, panting. She felt embarrassed to have been caught by Pri, kissing Vusi as if she was a sex starved woman. She turned to the bed, and picked up her handbag. She pulled herself together, and looked at Pri.
She was standing at the open bedroom door, with her siblings a few steps behind her.
“Yes?” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him. He was looking at her intently. She looked away before she could get excited. She and Vusi had to go to work, they could not do what they wanted to do.
“I...I...” said Pri. Sandy looked at her. She was looking at her as if she had been thoroughly shocked to see her kissing Vusi.
“You what?” asked Vusi. Sandy watched Pri look from her, to Vusi.
“I wanted to show Tom and Jane your award. Here it is, come and see,” said Pri, entering the room.
“Pri. Prisca. Prisca,” said Vusi. Pri stopped and looked at him.
“Did you knock?” he asked.
“Knock?”
“Did you knock on my bedroom door, and wait to be invited in?”
“I...”
“Did you?”
“No.”
“Well?” Pri looked at her father as if she could not believe what he had said. She retraced her steps and knocked on the door.
“Yes, Pri?” said Vusi. Sandy could feel his eyes on her.
“Can we see your award?” asked Pri.
“Ask the lady of the house, I gave it to her.”
“You won it.”
“It belongs to MaMlambo, ask her.” Pri turned away from the door. Sandy picked up the award, and took it to Tom and Jane. They marvelled at it, and asked what it was for. Vusi joined Sandy, and told them all about it. Pri had been quiet, but she eventually joined the conversation. Sandy and Vusi left for work.
“Dinner was great last night,” said Vusi. Sandy smiled, then she looked away from him.
“What's the matter?” Sandy opened her mouth to say that she was leaving, but she could not get the words out.
“What's wrong with Pri?” she asked instead.
“Nothing. Why do you ask?”
“She's edgy.”
“Do you think so?”
“Maybe I saw wrong.”
“You think she's edgy?”
“Let's forget it.”
“Edgy as in on drugs, or as in hiding something?”
“Forget it.”
“She's my child, tell me.”
“I don’t think it’s drugs, but then, I don’t know enough about them. What does Mamazala say about her?”
“She watches her as if she's trying to see into her. I wonder what's going on with her. Have you talked to Ma about her?”
“No.”
At close of business, Sandy was fetched by Banda, the family driver. He took her home. She put down her handbag.
“What lies have you been telling Baba?” demanded Pri. Sandy looked up at her.
“What are you talking about?” she asked.
“I'm talking about you feeding Baba lies, and making him grill me, as if I've done something wrong. What did you say to him?”
“I'll answer that question, in his presence.”
“Answer me now!” shouted Pri.
Sandy found herself breathing into Pri's face. Pri’s back was against the wall, Sandy’s hands were on her collar.
“I'm not your age-mate, your child, or your employee. You do not ever, EVER, scream, shout, command, or demand anything from me. Do you hear me?” shouted Sandy. Pri nodded, with tears in her eyes. Sandy released her and took two steps back from her.
“If you have a problem with your Baba, address it with him, and don't take your frustrations out on me,” continued Sandy. She turned to walk away, and noticed Vusi at the front door, watching her. The rest of the family was standing a few paces from Pri.
“We need to go back to our new living arrangement. I'm no cut out for this,” said Sandy, as she walked out of the house.
“Where are you going?” asked Vusi.
“Baba!” shouted Pri, going to put her arms round Vusi. Sandy left the house and walked off the premises.
“Sandy. Sandy. Sandra!” called Vusi. Sandy was startled when he appeared infront of her.
“Where are you going?” he demanded.
“Home.”
“You are home.”
“You need to sign those divorce papers.”
“I will never do that.”
“Have I ever been violent, in all the years you've known me?”
“No.”
“I’m violent now. I almost beat your child. If I stay here, I'll cause problems and tensions in the family.”
“You’re not leaving.”
“The children need you. Go home.”
“Not without you. The children might need me, but I need you. We go back together, or we leave together.”
“Sign the papers, and let's both be free.” Vusi gave her a long look.
“Why are you being such a coward?” he asked.
“A coward?” she gasped.
“When things get tough, you want to leave.” Sandy laughed in disbelief.
“Instead of staying and making me notice you, you instigated divorce. Now, Pri’s being a little difficult, and you want to leave. Is your love for me that fickle?” continued Vusi.
“Fickle? Fickle? I wish this stupid heart of mine was fickle. Then, I'd have found myself someone else to love in my youth, when you chose Karabo over me. I'd have had some children, and had some form of family life. Instead, this heart saw you, and would not consider anyone else. No matter how many men I dated, they weren’t you, and I could not last with them. I hung around Karabo, trying to get your attention, but you never noticed. I stood by you after Karabo's death, and I even married you, and still you didn't notice me. I've spent 28 years trying to make you notice me, don’t you dare tell me that I haven't tried to get your attention.
“I'm leaving now, because I can't bear to part you from your children. You love them, they love you. You’re the only parent they have. Right now, they can't be free with you or in your home, because I'm there. With me gone, you can live in peace with them.
“Don’t you dare accuse me of cowardice! I may be a fool, but I am not a coward,” said Sandy, then she walked away from Vusi.
She was crying as she realised that she had succeeded in talking him into not following her. She sat on the pavement, crying. After some time, she phoned Si, and he picked her up.
He took her to a restaurant. She did not eat much. He ate, then he sat looking at her.
“I'm taking you back to your husband,” he said.
“No!”
“You love him.”
“That means nothing.”
“He loves you.”
“No, he doesn’t.”
“He stayed with you when you lost your job, you say he defended you when you beat the children of his relatives, he became polite at work, and you admit that he said he loves you, and that he’s nice to you.”
“That won't last.”
“Stay until it ends, if it ends. Don't run away.”
“I am not running away! I'm being noble, sacrificing my need to be with him, so he can be with his children.”
“Did he ask you to?”
“He didn't have to.”
“Go home.”
“Si...”
“Go…home.” Si said succinctly. Sandy looked away from him. They left the restaurant, and he dropped her off at home. She stood outside the front door for a long time, asking herself what she wanted.
The door opened, surprising her.
“Mamncane? Are you alright?” asked Tom.
“Tom? I'm...I'm...” said Sandy.
“Come in, it's cold out here,” said Tom, taking her hand, and drawing her into the house.
“Take a shower, otherwise you'll get sick,” he said. Sandy nodded.
“Were you out with your lover? Does Baba know you left him to go to a lover?” asked Pri.
“Leave her alone.” said Tom.
“Don’t you see that she's using you? When she's through with you...”
“That's enough!” said Vusi. He was a few steps behind Pri, in pyjama bottoms. Sandy looked at him, and walked past him to his bedroom. After her shower, she found him seated on the bed. She opened her mouth to speak.
“Come to bed, you look very tired,” he said. Sandy was relieved to hear his words, she climbed gratefully into bed, and fell into an exhausted sleep.
When she woke up, she showered and started dressing. Vusi joined her, having showered in another bathroom. He dropped his dressing gown, he was naked beneath it. Sandy gasped. Vusi looked at her.
She ran her eyes over his body, then she realised what she was doing. She looked away from Vusi, angry with herself for looking at him, when she was never going to touch him, or feel his hands on her.
“You seemed to like my body before,” he said. She looked at him.
“I still do,” she said.
“Then why do you look so angry?”
“It's not good manners to look at someone as if they are a piece of meat.”
“No, it isn’t. You weren't looking at me as if I was meat, you were looking at me as if you wanted to touch every inch of my body,” he said. Sandy watched him uneasily.
“Should you decide to do that, I can assure you that I won’t stop you,” continued Vusi. Sandy felt her excitement increase. She looked down, then she heard Vusi walking to his cupboard.
“Are you leaving again?” he asked.
“I don’t want to.”
“I'm glad to hear that. I never want you to leave. I didn't like it when you did it last night and I didn't like it when you first mentioned divorce.”
“Vusi...”
“We have to get to work,” he said. Sandy packed her work things, then she went to the dining room. Mamazala told her that she was leaving later that day. Sandy prepared some food for her to take with her, and Mamazala thanked her.
Vusi greeted everyone and said that he and Sandy had to leave. Sandy made her goodbyes, then she and Vusi left.

CHAPTER FIVE

Next evening, Vusi left on a week-long business trip. Sandy found staying in the house with his children challenging. Tom and Jane were polite, but it was clear that they wished that she would leave. Pri did not mince her words, ignoring Sandy and making rude comments, when Sandy was too far to effect physical repercussions on her for her rudeness.
Most nights, Sandy would drive to her home, and dine with Si. Sometimes, she spent the night, but most nights, she returned to Vusi's home late at night.
She and Simon were dining one evening, when the doorbell rang. He went to open the door. Curious, Sandy followed him. She found Vusi, Jane, Tom and Pri at the door.
“I told you, Baba, I told you she has a lover. You’ve been caught red-handed, sfebe,” Pri said to Sandy. Sandy opened her mouth to speak, as Si looked from Pri, to her, to Vusi, puzzled.
“Divorce her, Baba, she's worthless,” said Pri.
“We're leaving,” Vusi said to Sandy, in a voice that would tolerate no argument. 
She looked at Si, collected her bag, thanked him, and joined Vusi and the children at the door. Vusi led the way to the car. Pri made to sit in the front beside him, and he barked at her to get into the back with her siblings. Pri looked at him in surprise. Vusi was not given to anger.
Everyone climbed into the car, and Vusi drove off.
“Did you have a good trip?” Sandy asked Vusi.
“Hmm,” he replied.
“If I'd known you were returning today, I'd have stayed home.”
“Good thing I had you followed. We caught you, in the act!” said Pri triumphantly.
Vusi stopped the car infront of a restaurant.
“We just ate,” said Pri.
“We're all going in, now,” said Vusi.
“But...”
“Now!” Everyone alighted, and followed Vusi into the restaurant. Drinks were ordered, and sipped quietly, as everyone watched Vusi. He was in a towering rage. The silence stretched.
“Can we go?” asked Pri. No one responded. She started texting on her phone.
Vusi grabbed it from her. She gasped. He switched it off, and pocketed it.
“Baba...” she said.
“Can you marry me?” he asked.
“What?” returned a shocked Pri.
“Can you marry me?” demanded Vusi.
“Of course not!”
“Why not?” Pri laughed in disbelief and looked at everyone at the table, then back at Vusi.
“Why can't you marry me?” he asked.
“I'm your child, parents don't marry their children.”
“Are you married?”
“No!”
“Can I choose a husband for you?”
“No! Never!”
“Then why do you want to choose a wife for me?”
“I don’t want to choose a wife for you!”
“You specialised in finding fault with your mother. You hurt her often, pointing out her faults, to her, and others.”
“I was...”
“I can’t remember how many times you told me I'd made a mistake in marrying her.”
“I was joking.”
“You find fault with everyone, but your mother, according to you, was the most flawed person that ever lived.”
“She...”
“The night she died, you'd quarrelled with her.”
“We always quarrelled.”
“She hated quarrels. She loved to laugh, and be at peace with everyone. The only one she ever quarrelled with was you. She'd driven over that spot many times, and not had an accident. The road is worse now, but no one has had an accident where she had the accident. She left the house in tears after you’d torn into her. I can never rule out the possibility that the accident had to do with how upset she was, as a result of the quarrel with you.”
“Baba...”
“Do you remember what you said to her?”
“I didn't mean it!”
“How do you tell someone that she’s unfit to be your mother, and expect her not to take it seriously?”
“I was joking!”
“She didn’t take it as a joke.” There was a silence.
“I have another wife now, and you find fault with her too,” said Vusi.
“She's not my mother.”
“No one said she's your mother!”
“She's a sloppy housekeeper.”
“Is it your house she's looking after?”
“No, but...”
“Then her housekeeping skills have nothing to do with you.”
“She's fat, and ugly.” Sandy put down her glass of juice, in shock.
“She's a thief. She tried to steal you from Ma, and when she didn't manage it while Ma was alive, she did it after she died. You're our only parent. You should only love us, but she's stolen you from us, and she's stolen Gogo. How could Gogo ask us to respect this thing, this thing that does nothing, but be a sfebe? She's married to you, but she's got the man we found her with, she's making eyes at Tom...”
“Prisca!” said Tom.
“...and she's probably even slept with him.”
“Stop that!” said Tom.
“Who knows how many other men she has? Divorce her, Baba, she's nothing but a bitch sfebe,” continued Pri. Everyone gasped at her words, then they gasped again when Vusi slapped her. She put a hand on her cheek, with tears in her eyes.
“That is the last time you insult my choice of wife,” he said coldly. He was breathing heavily, his eyes were bulging out of their sockets, and they were red.
“Is everything alright?” asked the manager.
“Go away,” said Vusi.
“Can we have our bill?” asked Sandy. The manager left. Vusi tried to speak, but clearly, he was too furious to get any words out. The waiter brought the bill. Tom paid.
Sandy stood, and everyone else followed suit. She helped Vusi to his feet and ushered him out of the restaurant. She took the car keys from his pocket, and gave them to Tom.
She helped Vusi into the front seat beside Tom, then she joined Jane and Pri, in the back seat. Tom drove off.
“Prisca, Prisca!” shouted Vusi.
“Baba,” Pri said timidly.
“You are not competing with my wife for my love. Do you hear me?”
“Yes.”
“Make up your mind now, to accept my wife and respect her, or to disrespect her, and find another home. What will it be? What will it be?” shouted Vusi.
“I can't respect...” said Prisca.
“Thomas,” said Vusi.
“Baba,” said Tom.
“Drive to you aunt Matilda's home.” Tom looked at Sandy questioningly in the rear view mirror. She shrugged.
“Yes,” he said to his father. They arrived at Matilda's home. All the lights were off. Vusi climbed out of the car, everyone followed him to the front door. He rang the doorbell, and palmed the door incessantly.
The door was opened by Mukwevho, Matilda's husband.
“Dlomo, is everything alright?” he asked.
“Matilda, Matilda!” shouted Vusi, as he entered the house. Matilda appeared, clutching her dressing gown closed.
“Buti?” she said.
“I've brought your child,” said Vusi.
“What child?”
“Prisca. You're the one who taught her to disrespect her mother, and now, she disrespects my other wife. I won't have her under my roof. Take her, she's yours from now on. I never want to lay eyes on her again.”
“Buti...”
“Prisca, this is your home from now on. Jane, Thomas, let's go,” said Vusi. He took Sandy's hand, and led the way out of the house.
“Buti, Buti...you can't do this. Mukwevho will never allow it. Prisca's not mine, she's yours,” said Matilda.
“Let's go,” said Vusi. He took the car keys from Tom, and unlocked the car. Everyone climbed in. Matilda clung to Vusi, begging him to take Prisca. Vusi pushed her, and climbed into the car. He started it, Matilda threw herself on the bonnet.
“Take her with you. Do you want my marriage to end?” she was shouting. Vusi climbed out of the car, said something to her, and she got off the bonnet, a fearful expression on her face. Vusi climbed back into the car, and drove off.
“Baba, Baba!” shouted Prisca, chasing after the car.
The drive to Vusi's home was made in silence. Tom and Jane said goodnight, and went straight to their bedrooms. Sandy looked at Vusi. He was leaning back in the driver's seat, his eyes closed, a pained expression on his face.
“I can leave, then Prisca can come back,” said Sandy.
“No,” said Vusi, then he climbed out of the car, leaving it to Sandy to lock it.
In the house, she found him in the shower, she showered in another bathroom, then she went to the bedroom. Vusi was dressed.
“I have some work to do, goodnight,” he said, then he left the room. Sandy tossed and turned in the bed. She knew that Vusi was not working, he was avoiding her.
She fell into an uneasy sleep, and was woken by a nightmare. She showered and dressed for work. She found Vusi in the study. He had showered and dressed for work. She greeted him, he returned her greeting and looked at the documents in his hands.
“Isn’t it time for us to leave?” asked Sandy.
“Banda will take you, I'm working to handing over Prisca's university debts, and everything else to Matilda. I want every trace of that child gone from this house.”
“Maybe...”
“This is not up for discussion. You look great.”
“Oh. Thank you.” said Sandy, surprised.
“Go.” Sandy turned to leave, then she went to Vusi. He was watching her questioningly. She kissed his cheek. He looked at her in surprise, then he dropped his document, put his hands on her cheeks, and kissed her thoroughly. She staggered when he released her.
“You should go,” he panted, she nodded, and left.
“What's the matter?” asked Si, at work.
“Vusi loves his children, but he’s disowning one of them. It's making everyone tense.”
“Who is he disowning, and why?”
“Prisca, the one who thought you and I were an item.”
“Why?”
“He says she disrespects his wives.”
“Does she?”
“Yes.”
“Then he’s doing the right thing.”
“Everyone will blame me.”
“They might, but this is between a man and his child,” said Si. When Sandy asked after his children, he said their mother was letting him see them, and that there was no going back on the divorce.
 Sandy dined alone at home. The staff told her that Baba and the children had gone out, and Baba had said for her to be told that he would be home late.

CHAPTER SIX

After dressing for work next day, she found Vusi in the lounge.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi,” he said, looking her all over. He looked into her eyes with desire. She panted, watching him stand, and approach her. He put his arms round her, and kissed her, until they had to lean against each other for support.
“Do you have to go to work?” he asked. Sandy nodded.
“Aren’t you going to work?” she asked.
“I am.”
“We should go.”
“Have you eaten?”
“I can’t.”
“Neither can I.”
“Where are the children?”
“In their rooms, I think. We returned after midnight.”
“Where had you gone?”
“To see Ma. I wanted her to hear about Prisca from me. Matilda would embellish.”
“How is she?”
“Fine, but this Prisca issue will cause problems.”
“How?”
“We have to get to work.”
“Vusi...”
“Let's go.”
When Sandy returned home, she found Vusi's relatives in the lounge. She sat down, and greeted them.
“So, you’re finally here. We've been waiting for you,” said Matilda.
“Why?” asked Sandy.
“We've come to tell you several things, but the most important one is that you are wicked, and you’ll burn in hell for coming between a man and his child. You told Vusi to get rid of Prisca. What kind of woman does that? We've tolerated your nonsense for too long, so we're getting rid of you,” continued Matilda.
“You’ll do nothing of the kind,” said Vusi. Everyone turned to see him at the door, carrying his work things.
“Buti, I thought you were working late.” Vusi glared at Matilda, then he sat down, and gave a general greeting. Everyone was very warm to him.
“What brings you all here?” he asked.
“We've brought you your child,” said Mukwevho.
“My child? I wasn't aware that Thomas or Jane, were missing. MaMlambo, are they missing?” Vusi asked Sandy.
“Not to my knowledge,” said Sandy.
“I'm talking about Prisca,” said Mukwevho.
“She's not my child, she's Matilda's, didn't she tell you?”
“This is not a joke!”
“Do I look like I’m joking?”
“Take your child, Buti. No one can live with such a disrespectful thing,” said Matilda.
“Now that she lives with you, she's a thing? Are you not the one who praised and encouraged her in disrespecting her mother? Are you not the one who taught her swear-words designed specifically for Karabo? Are you not the one who filled her with rubbish about her mother? You planted the seeds of disrespect, reap your reward,” said Vusi.
“I will not have that creature in my house, disrespecting me and my wife, and teaching my children to be ungovernable,” shouted Mukwevho.
“Why tell me? Speak to your wife,” said Vusi.
“Take her back, Dlomo.”
“Prisca is Matilda’s responsibility, not mine. I must now ask you all to excuse me and my family.”
“Buti...” said Nomvula, one of Vusi’s sisters.
“Do you want to take Prisca home?” asked Vusi. Nomvula looked away from him. Vusi stood.
“Please excuse us,” he said firmly. Mukwevho stood, grabbed Matilda's hand, and made quickly for the door. Vusi grabbed Matilda's other hand with one hand, and one of Prisca's hands in his other hand, and had the two women hold hands. Matilda released Prisca's hand. Prisca was crying.
“Matilda, if you don't take this person with you, I'll phone my lawyer, and have the house you live in returned to me in 24 hours. I haven’t received rent in the past ten years,” said Vusi. Matilda and Mukwevho stopped their hasty retreat, and looked at each other. Mukwevho gave a slight nod.
Matilda grabbed one of Prisca's wrists, and pulled on it.
“Come, wena,” she said.
“I'm not going anywhere with you,” shouted Pri, trying to free herself.
“Oh yes, you are, unless you want me to use my belt again” said Mukwevho, grabbing Pri's other wrist.
“Baba, please, please don't let them take me,” wept Pri. She was resisting being dragged away, her head turned to Vusi. He was on a call.
“Baba, Baba, Babaaaaa!” screamed Pri, as she was dragged out of the room, and out of the house. 
Sandy's head was bowed, as she held back tears.
“How can you sit there, and let that happen?” Nomvula demanded of her.
“Do you want Prisca?” Vusi asked her.
“No one wants her.”
“Then why do you want me to keep her?”
“She is yours.”
“Coletta's yours, and yet she lives with Ma. When you take Coletta home with you, come and talk to me about Prisca.”
“Buti...”
“Are you fetching Coletta?” Nomvula gave him a long look, then she left. Everyone else left too. Sandy wiped away the tears that were on her cheeks.
Forgive me, Karabo, but I can’t live with that child, even though she is the child of the man we both love, she said, over and over again. Eventually, she stood, and went to the bedroom.
She found Vusi coming out of the shower. She showered, and joined him and the children for dinner. No one could eat, and the meal ended early.
In the morning, it was clear at breakfast that they had all had a bad night. Sandy was glad to go to work, and get her mind off her domestic problems.
Vusi took to working late, and coming home close on midnight. Sandy knew that he was working to stop himself from thinking about Prisca. She missed him beside her in bed, and noticed that he was losing weight. Tom and Jane were subdued immediately after Pris' departure, but they started picking up, as time passed.
Two weeks later, Sandy decided to go and see Vusi at his place of work. She arrived there after ten in the night. The security people knew her, and let her in, without announcing her.
She found Vusi in his office, seated in the dark. The light from the passage outside his office enabled her to see him. She entered the office, and sat down. Vusi was deep in thought, and did not see or hear her. She waited some minutes.
“She wants to be loved,” she said. Vusi started, and switched on his desk lamp. He blinked, then he focused on her.
“Sandy?” he said.
“Prisca wants to be loved.”
“I know.”
“She has a problem making herself lovable, but love is what she’s looking for.”
“I don’t know how to give her anymore love. She was Karabo's, mine, and Ma's favourite. We all showered her with love, but it was not enough. Her mother died because of her, but it’s still not enough. What am I supposed to do?”
“I don’t know.” They were quiet for a while.
“I can't bring her back home. She has the spirit of destruction in her. She hurts everyone she comes into contact with. Jane is only now coming out of her shell, because Prisca is not there to belittle her every attempt at something new. Tom is starting to look relaxed, instead of looking as if he has to defend himself.
“What kind of child pushes her family to get rid of her? What kind of father fails to teach his child ubuntu, and then parcels her off to other people? Sending that child away is one of the most terrible things I have ever done, but I had to do it, for the sake of the rest of the family...I'm a failure as a parent,” said Vusi.
“No, you’re not.”
“Yes, I am. No parent should have a favourite child.”
“It's not ideal, but don’t be hard on yourself. Give Tom and Jane attention now, better late than never.”
“But...”
“You only noticed me two months ago, it's better late than never. Spend as much time as you can with Tom and Jane while they are here.” They were quiet again.
“Where are your awards?” asked Sandy. Vusi pointed them out. Sandy stood, and went to look at them. Vusi joined her, he had more awards in his office than the ones that he had won at the last award ceremony. He told Sandy about each of them. She kissed his cheek, and held him close.
“Let’s go home,” she said.
Vusi started coming home earlier to spend time with his children, individually, and together. Whenever Sandy was free, and she could be accommodated in whatever was being done, she joined them. Tom and Jane relaxed towards her, and she relaxed towards them. Vusi also became more relaxed.
Tom and Jane's holiday came to an end. Vusi and Sandy saw them to the airport. The outing had been jovial, until everyone saw Prisca. She had lost weight, and she looked miserable. She did not see them. Vusi and Sandy hugged Tom and Jane, and watched them going to board their plane.
They were quiet on the drive home. Sandy was worried about Vusi, but he picked himself up, and in a few days, he was himself again.
They were dining some evenings later, when Vusi looked at her, as if something had occurred to him.
“What is it?” asked Sandy.
“Your birthday's coming up,” he said. She opened her eyes wide, surprised.
“How do you know about my birthday?”
“Karabo would make a big deal of it every year. She wanted to thank you every year, for introducing me to her. I had to be reminded of everyone else's birthday, but never yours.”
“Oh.”
“What do you want me to get you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Think about it and tell me. You have two weeks, then I’ll have a week to get you what you want.”
“I don’t want anything.”
“Think of something, I want to get it for you.”
Sandy washed up after dinner, then she went to the bedroom. She changed quietly, not wanting to wake Vusi. She climbed into bed beside him, and sat reading a book. Vusi turned over, and looked straight at her.
“Hi, I thought you were asleep,” she said.
“I can't sleep much anymore.”
“What's wrong?”
“I want you.”
“Oh!” said Sandy, very surprised, then she started to feel excited. Vusi sat up, and Sandy watched his every move, her heart pounding furiously. He leaned towards her, and kissed her gently. The kiss heated slowly. Sandy closed her eyes, feeling weak. She clutched Vusi close, as he put his arms round her.
She opened her eyes when Vusi stopped kissing her. She was on her back on the bed, as Vusi kissed her throat, and undid the buttons of her pyjama top.
She gasped, as he caressed her breast. She felt pleasure, the kind of pleasure that she had never experienced, filling her body. Vusi kissed her chest, his mouth working its way to her breasts. She gasped louder, as he sucked the breast that he had been caressing.
“Vusi,” she whispered, with her hand on his head. He caressed her other breast, then he sucked on it too. Sandy's hand felt too weak to keep holding his head to her bosom, and she released him.
He raised his head, and they shared a heated look. He kissed her. She put her arms round him, and held him close. The kiss heated. They rolled over, Sandy broke the kiss, and started kissing Vusi's chest, working her way lower down his body.
“If you touch me any lower than that, I won't be able to control myself,” he panted. Sandy raised her head to look at him. He drew her head to his, and kissed her deeply, then they held each other tight.
Vusi released Sandy, climbed out of bed, put on his dressing gown, and sat at the foot of the bed, facing Sandy. She sat up, and buttoned up her pyjama top.
“Do you want children?” he asked.
“Children?” she asked, puzzled by the question.
“If we carry on kissing and touching each other, we'll get intimate, you could get pregnant. Do you want to get pregnant?” Sandy looked away from him.
“Sandy? Do you want children?” asked Vusi. Sandy looked at him, tears in her eyes.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“How can you ask me if I want children? Of course I want to give you children, but I can’t, can I? My body can't make children any more. I'm too old to give you the most precious demonstration of my love for you.”
“Is that any reason to cry?”
“Yes! What wife worth the name doesn't give her husband children?”
“It's not a tragedy.”
“Yes, it is. I wasn't barren, I could have had children, but I let my child-bearing years go by without making babies.”
“Did you want children?”
“I wanted your children, but you gave them to someone else,” said Sandy. She wiped away the tears on her cheeks, and looked down at her hands.
“Sometimes, I'd pretend that I gave you Tom, Pri and Jane,” she said.
“There's nothing wrong with accepting your husband's children.”
“Do you want more children?”
“No. It's bad enough that I've failed the three I already have...”
“You haven't failed them.”
“...I don’t want to fail any more children.”
“You’re a fabulous father.”
“No, I’m not. If I was, I'd have gotten Pri under control, instead of letting her run wild, and end up a terror. It won't be surprising if she ends up a dictator somewhere.”
“It won’t come to that. Focus on what you did right. Tom and Jane are nice, you did that too.”
“I guess.”
“Come to bed, it's time to sleep.” Vusi joined Sandy on the bed. She switched off her lamp. They lay in the dark.
“I've been thinking,” said Vusi.
“About what?”
“The time we got married.”
“Oh?”
“I was vulnerable, and missing Karabo badly.”
“I know! And I'm sorry I did what I did. It had finally dawned on me that you were never going to marry me of your own accord. I decided to make my dream of marrying you come true.”
“You said another wife would help me get over loneliness for my late wife, it didn't.”
“I know, Vusi, but you need to understand how desperate I was. I started loving you soon after we met, but you didn't notice. Instead, when I introduced you to Karabo, you fell in love with her on the spot. After she died, your family paraded all kinds of women before you, women I could never win a competition against. I was doomed to lose you again, and I couldn't let that happen. That's why I married you.
“I can't understand why you never noticed me. I did everything but stand on my head, and nothing. Is it because I'm ugly?”
“You’re not ugly.”
“Then why did it take so long for you to notice me? Have I no attractive qualities in your eyes? Are you going to leave me?”
“No! You know I find you attractive. I wouldn't have been all over you if I didn’t find you attractive. You’re the only woman I want.”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course!”
“Pri was right.”
“About what?”
“I did want to steal you from Karabo.”
“Sandra!”
“You were mine! You always have been.” Vusi kissed her cheek.
“Go to sleep,” he said.
“Do you regret being married to me?”
“Sandy...”
“Tell me. It's kinder to tell me now, and get a divorce now, than to break my heart later.”
“I don’t want a divorce! I want to be with you.”
“Okay,” said Sandy deciding to enjoy his wanting her while it lasted.
Some days later, Vusi asked Sandy what she wanted for her birthday.
“I have your love, that's what I've always wanted. Everything else means very little to me,” said Sandy.
“You don't ask for much.”
“I ask for everything. I expect to be your best friend, lover, chief supporter and encourager, and I expect you to return the favour.”
“That’s a given. Do you really want nothing for your birthday? Let me give you something, to show you how much I love you.”
Next evening, Banda fetched Sandy from work, and drove her home.
“Happy birthday,” said Vusi. Sandy smiled. Vusi approached her, kissed her lightly, and presented her with a bunch of flowers.
“Thank you, Vusi,” she said.
“Dinner's in thirty minutes,” he said. She put the flowers in water, then she went to freshen up. She found Vusi in the dining room. She gasped, the room was decorated with balloons, and flowers. A cake was the centre piece.
“Oh, Vusi!” said Sandy. She was very pleasantly surprised, and touched. She had tears in her eyes.  
“Are you alright?” asked Vusi. Sandy held him tight, then she kissed him.
“This is the best birthday I've ever had,” she said.
“Sit down, let's eat,” he said. Sandy could not eat.
“Can I open my gifts?” she asked.
“Of course,” said Vusi. Sandy stood, and practically leapt at the gifts.
One box contained a beautiful evening gown, another had details of shares in a very profitable company, and the third contained lingerie. Sandy was pleased and embarrassed at the same time, by the sight of the lingerie. The last box was the smallest. Sandy opened it, and found a diamond ring. Vusi took the ring out of the box, and put it on her wedding finger.
“A beautiful ring, for my beautiful wife,” he said. Sandy looked at him with tears in her eyes. He raised her hand, and kissed it.
“I love you,” he said.
“I love you, too,” she said. He kissed her until she was too weak to stand.
“Come,” he said, leading her out of the dining room
He kissed her again in the bedroom. They took off each other’s clothes, then Sandy drew away from Vusi, and turned her back on him. She gasped, when he put his hands on her waist.
“What is it? Come back,” he said. She moved away from him.
“Sandy?” he said.
“I'm...I'm very tired,” she said. Vusi did not say anything. Sandy turned to look at him.
“I don’t believe you,” he said. Sandy looked away from him.
“Don't you want me touching you?” he asked.
“I didn’t say that,” replied Sandy, looking at him.
“Then why...”
“I'm sorry! I'm sorry.”
“For what?” Sandy looked away from him.
“It's been a while for me too,” he said. Sandy nodded.
“Do you want us to use condoms? I have some,” said Vusi.
“It's not that.”
“Then what is it?” Sandy started dressing.
“Sandy?” said Vusi. He sounded puzzled.
“I'm going to clear the table,” said Sandy, then she left the room quickly.
In the dining room, she leaned against a wall, and closed her eyes.

CHAPTER SEVEN

“Sandy?” said Vusi. Sandy started, and opened her eyes wide.
“What’s the matter?” asked Vusi. Sandy straightened. Vusi approached her, she stepped away from him.
“Why do you look at me as if you’re afraid of me? What is it you think I'll do to you?” he demanded.
“I'll take the dishes...”
“Forget them! What's going on?”
“Nothing!”
“Don’t lie! Just tell me the truth. What's going on?”
“I...I...I...”
“You what, Sandra?”
“I've never slept with a man,” Sandy said breathlessly.
“What do you mean?”
“I...”
“You’re a virgin?”
“Yes.”
“Why?” Sandy looked at Vusi as if she did not understand what he was saying.
“Why didn't you have a lover?” he asked.
“I was waiting till I got married!” said Sandy, as if the answer was obvious.
“Why?”
“My parents told me to. They said that was the right way to go about things. And anyway, I only wanted you.” Vusi stared at her, until she became uncomfortable. She looked away from him, and took some dishes to the kitchen. When she returned to the dining room, Vusi was seated at the dining room table. As Sandy walked past him, he took hold of her hand. Sandy stopped, and looked at him. He drew on her hand, until she was standing infront of him, between his legs.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked.
“There was no need, you weren't interested in me.”
“I am now.”
“Yes.”
“Do you want to be my lover?”
“Yes.” Vusi put his hands on Sandy's waist, and drew her closer to him.
“We should go for HIV/Aids testing. I don’t want to pass diseases onto you,” he said.
“We had full medicals before we married. We were both healthy at that time, except that I can’t make children.”
“I don’t remember going for tests.”
“I know. We can go again, if you like.”
“Why did we get tested?”
“I wanted to be sure you wouldn't die on me. I wasn't about to marry you and become a widow, not after waiting so long to be married to you,” said Sandy, then she yawned.
“I need to finish up here, get to bed, I'll join you soon,” she said.
Next morning, she woke with a moan. Her body was rioting with pleasure. Hands were caressing her breasts, belly, and lower, while a mouth sucked on her breasts in turn. She gave a little scream, as her body shuddered in the throes of pleasure. She opened her eyes. Vusi was lying beside her, watching her. 
He looked down her body, she followed his gaze, and gasped. She was stark naked. Her only covering was his hand, between her legs. She looked at him, startled. He bent his head to kiss each of her nipples, then he climbed out of bed.
“We leave in thirty minutes,” he said.
Sandy lay stunned, feeling the last ripples of pleasure leave her body. She was amazed that Vusi had touched her body while she was asleep, and driven her over the edge of pleasure. She freshened up, and joined Vusi in the car.
“You have a beautiful body,” he said. Sandy gaped at him wordlessly.
“I enjoyed touching you. I can't wait to have you touch me,” he continued. At work, all she could think about was touching him. All she could recall, was the feeling of Vusi's hands and mouth on her body.
After dinner, she stood behind him, while he sat in a lounge chair, and started massaging his shoulders. She had never done it before, and she was relieved, when he did not complain about the way that she was doing it. He dropped the newspaper that he had been reading and made an appreciative sound.
Sandy stepped infront of him to undo his shirt buttons. He kissed her cheek several times as she worked. She knelt before him, and caressed his chest and belly. Her heart was thudding, as she undid his trouser button and zip. She ran a hand into his underwear, listening to his accelerated breathing.
She gasped at the size and hardness of his masculinity. She touched him tentatively, then she started stroking him. She firmed her touch and, before long he was shuddering in pleasure. Sandy looked at him, glad to have pleased him. She kissed him. He kissed her hard, then he broke the kiss, and left the room. Sandy smiled smugly, then she went to shower.
She found Vusi in bed. He kissed her hard.
“Fell free to do that any time,” he said, then he lay down. Sandy slept with a smile on her face.
She was woken by the ringing of the doorbell. Vusi was fast asleep. Sandy went to peer through the peep hole. She wondered what Matilda was doing at her home that late. She opened the door, then she was pushed violently out of the way, as Matilda entered her home, followed by two of her sisters, and their mother.
“It's your fault!” shouted Matilda.
“My fault?” said Sandy.
“Prisca's pregnant.”
“What?”
“And it’s your fault.”
“How?”
“If you’d been a good mother, and if you'd guided her...”
“You taught her to disrespect me!”
“...then she would have waited till she married. As it is, she’s pregnant, and she's married some white Australian boy! What if he kills her? What if he never lets her come home to visit us? It will all be your fault! It is all your fault. You want my brother so badly, that you sent his children away, and...” shouted Matilda.
Sandy had stood gaping in shock, then she slapped Matilda. She was as surprised as Matilda, and all the women, who had gasped. Matilda put a hand on her cheek, then she raised her hand to retaliate. Sandy put her hands over her head, and ducked. She raised her head when the violence that she had been expecting, did not befall her.
Vusi had stayed Matilda's hand.
“Speak with respect, or get out,” he growled.
“Buti...” said Matilda.
“Vusumuzi, what are you going to do about this? Daughter-in-law, how could you let him send my grandchild away?” demanded Mamazala.
“I...” said Sandy.
“It is your job as this boy's wife, to correct him when he errs. Now, we have a bigger problem on our hands, which could have been prevented, if you'd begged and pleaded for that child not to be sent away.”
“She...”
“Vusumuzi, get me on a plane, and I'll go and look after that child myself, since this wife of yours clearly doesn’t care about any of your children.”
“Don’t talk like that, Ma,” said Vusi.
“How dare you speak to Ma like that!” shouted Matilda.
“I want you out of here, right now. Go on, get out,” said Vusi, seeing Matilda out of the front door. He closed it behind her, then he looked at his mother.
“What's going on?” he asked.
“Your child is pregnant, and she's married, without our knowledge, or blessings. Things can only get worse from here. Get Thomas to talk to her husband about him paying you amalobolo, and...” said Mamazala.
“I didn't make her pregnant, nor did I...” said Sandy.
“Thula! I'm talking to someone who cares about Prisca, not an uncaring and barren creature.” Sandy gasped.
“Ma, please don't talk to my wife like that,” said Vusi.
“So, she’s pulling you by the nose! Don’t come crying to me when she's separated you from all your children, and all your siblings.”
“She won’t do that!”
“She will! Look at her. Prisca learned from her how to sleep with a different man every week.” Sandy gasped again.
“We all know that you ran around before tricking my son into marrying you. That's all done with, now. He is going to marry...” Mamazala said.
“I'm already married,” said Vusi.
“You’ll marry a good girl, who’ll set your children a good example, and give Jane some siblings.”
“I don’t want more children.”
“A wife must give her husband children. In four years, this woman has done nothing but spend your money.”
“Mamazala...” said Sandy.
“I'm not your Mamazala! I'm no mamazala to a sfebe who destroys families.”
“Why are you talking this way?” asked Sandy, with tears in her eyes.
“Matilda opened my eyes to the kind of person that you really are. Vusumuzi, I hope you got tested for Aids. This sfebe will infect you, if you're not careful.”
“I'm not a sfebe!”
“Iyifebe never admit to it. Vusumuzi, I'm bringing MaSkhosana's grand-daughter to visit you. She’ll make you a good wife.”
“Ma, I already have a good wife!” said Vusi.
“You’ll divorce this good for nothing, and marry a real woman.” Sandy gasped, then she went to the bedroom. She sat on the bed, weeping. Mamazala was right, she was barren, and soon, Vusi would get rid of her. That thought made her cry harder.
She felt arms go round her.
“Don't cry, Sandy,” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him.
“When do you want me to leave?” she asked.
“Leave?”
“You mother...”
“You are my wife, you’re not going anywhere!”
“I can’t give you children.”
“I don’t care! It’s you I want.” Sandy gave him a long look, then she nodded. She wiped away her tears.
“Sandy?” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him.
“No more talk of leaving. I'm sick and tired of it, do you hear me?” Sandy nodded.
“I didn’t make Pri pregnant,” she said.
“I know!”
“I'm not trying to tear you from your children.”
“I know that, too.”
When Sandy returned home from work that Saturday afternoon, she found Mamazala and her daughters Matilda, Lorna and Nomvula, as well as Karabo's sisters, Doreen and Angela, in the lounge. She greeted them, they ignored her.
“Sandra, I couldn't believe it when I heard you'd had Karabo's child sent away from home,” said Doreen.
“I didn't...” said Sandy.
“Karabo was your best friend. How could you send her child away? Are you jealous, because you can’t have children?” asked Angela.
“I...”
“Were you pretending to be her friend, so that you could split them up, and have her husband to yourself?”
“I...”
“Girls, that's all in the past. Now, we are going to fix things. We all know this sfebe took advantage of my brother, and married him for his property. Wena Sandra, pack your things and leave. There's a new wife in this home,” said Matilda. Sandy looked at her in shock.
A beautiful young woman walked into the room, carrying a tray of drinks.
“You can see you have no chance against Buti’s new wife. Save yourself from being embarrassed, by getting your things and leaving, before he sends you away,” said Lorna.
“I'm not going anywhere,” said Sandy.
“This is MaMthethwa, Buti's new wife.” The staff brought food into the room and MaMthethwa started giving instructions. The staff ignored her, and asked Sandy how she wanted things done.
“Hey!” shouted MaMthethwa, frustrated to have been ignored. The staff followed Sandy’s instructions and left.
“Wena Sandra, you better tell those women that they have a new boss. It's your job to make Vusi's life easier, by making the staff see MaMthethwa as their boss, not you,” said Matilda.
“Matilda, if you like this MaMthethwa so much, take her home, and marry her yourself,” said Vusi. Everyone turned to look at him.
“I want you, and your MaMthethwa to get out,” continued Vusi.
“Buti...”
“Get out!” shouted Vusi. Matilda and MaMthethwa left.
“What are you all still doing here? Get out. How dare you come and intimidate my wife! I don’t want any of you here. Get out!” shouted Vusi. The other women left.
“Vusumuzi, we are doing this for your own good. We care about you, the person you are defending is your biggest enemy,” said Mamazala.
“If you’re going to talk like that, please leave,” said Vusi.
“Vusumuzi!”
“I won’t have my wife maligned!”
“We...”
“How can you, of all people, support Matilda's madness? Everyone knows that she destroys everything in her path. How could you support her in destroying my marriage? When I asked you to talk to her about telling Pri nonsense about her mother, you refused, and let her destroy a relationship between a mother and her child. I won’t let you do it again. If you ever bring that woman here again, you will cease to be my mother!” Mamazala and Sandy gasped.
“If I see Matilda in my home again, I’ll kill her,” Vusi said with certainly. Mamazala and Sandy could see that he meant what he was saying.
“If Prisca is pregnant, the fault lies with you and Matilda,” he continued.
“What?”
“She taught Pri not to respect her mother, and to disregard any teaching her mother gave her, and you supported Matilda in teaching my child to be disrespectful. You and Matilda must sort out whatever trouble that child is in,” said Vusi. He opened the front door and bawled for Matilda. She had been standing at the door, listening. She fell into the house.
“You and Ma are responsible for Prisca's pregnancy, so the two of you, sort it out. Now, I want you all off my property in one minute or I’m calling the police.” said Vusi. Mamazala stood, and she and the other women left.
Sandy watched Vusi. He was livid. She had never seen him that furious. He picked up his work bag, and left through the front door. Sandy was in time to see him roaring off in his car. She was afraid that he would have an accident. She followed him in his other car. She was relieved to get to his offices and find his car parked there. She sat in her car, debating whether to go into the office, or go home. She decided to go home.
Vusi returned late in the night. Sandy climbed into bed, and pretended to be asleep, when he came into the bedroom. He showered, then he left the room in his pyjamas. Sandy found him in the lounge, seated with his head in his hands.
“I’m sorry about what happened earlier,” she said. Vusi started and looked at her.
“Go to sleep,” he said.
“I...”
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Sandy went to sleep.
Next morning, Vusi went to church. Sandy went to Si's, then she returned home. She found Matilda and MaMthethwa cooking in her kitchen. She felt her blood boil.
“Get out of my kitchen,” she shouted. MaMthethwa looked at her in surprise. Matilda ignored her.
“I won't repeat myself,” said Sandy.
“That would be best, you have a terrible voice anyway,” said Matilda. Sandy punched her. She staggered. When she regained her balance, she punched back, the two women went at it, punching, scratching and biting. Sandy got the upper hand, and beat Matilda, until she was lying on the floor. Sandy looked down at her, panting, then she looked at MaMthethwa. She had a shocked expression on her face. Sandy took a step towards her. She picked up her handbag, ran out of the room, out of the house, and off the premises.
Sandy checked that Matilda was not dying, then she phoned Vusi and asked him to get home immediately. She threw out all the food that MaMthethwa and Matilda had cooked, and started cooking from scratch.
She was at the stove, when she felt a kick behind her knee. She gasped in pain and shock, leaning toward the stove.
She panted and gasped desperately, as Matilda pushed her head toward a very hot pot of oil. Sandy could feel herself sweating, the heat from the oil was very uncomfortable, and Matilda’s grip on her was too firm for her to escape.
“What is going on here?” demanded Vusi. Matilda was startled into releasing Sandy. Sandy moved away from the stove and stood at the sink, panting.
“Buti, look what she did to me,” said Matilda tearfully.
“Do you believe in the ancestors?” asked Vusi.
“What?”
“Do you believe in the ancestors?”
“Yes.”
“Then I suggest you tell them you're coming to join them.”
“What?”
“How dare you come in here, destabilise not one, but two of my marriages, and try to hurt my wife after making my child unmanageable! You don’t seem to get that I don’t want to see you, so I’m going to kill you,” said Vusi, approaching Matilda menacingly. His hands were stretched towards her, ready to choke.
“Buti...”
“The world will thank me for getting rid of a destructive creature.”
“Buti...” said Matilda backing away from him. Sandy had never seen Vusi with that crazed look in his eyes. She knew that he was going to kill Matilda. She stepped towards him. He reached Matilda, and put his hands round her throat. In a short time, she was wheezing, scratching at his hands, her eyes bulging out of their sockets. Sandy watched in horror, then she tried to prise Vusi’s hands off Matilda, and failed.
She got between them, and kissed Vusi. He did not respond. Desperate, Sandy put a hand on his masculinity, and started caressing and stroking him frantically, watching his face. The crazed expression subsided and was replaced by surprise, he seemed to be wondering what was causing the feeling in his manhood.
“Sandra? What are you doing?” he asked, looking at her. He must have loosened his hold on Matilda, because she fell to the floor, coughing and gasping for air. Sandy kissed Vusi. He put her away from him, and looked at a choking Matilda. She had tears in her eyes. He took a step towards her, she crawled away backwards, then she stood, and ran out of the house. Vusi cursed, zipped up his trousers, and sat down.
“If she comes anywhere near you, tell me,” he said. Sandy nodded. She switched off the stove, opened the back door to let out the burned food smell, and sat down.
“We have a function to attend. We leave in an hour,” said Vusi, then he left. Sandy could not move. She kept seeing the crazed look that had been on Vusi’s face. She hoped that she would never see it again. Her phone rang some time later.
“Did your crazy husband just choke my wife?” demanded Mukwevho, Matilda's husband.
“I'll let you speak to him.”
“He thinks just because he's rich, he can do what he likes. I'm having him arrested, he can go spend the rest of the weekend with other murderers,” he shouted.
“That's fine, just know that the minute the police pick him up, I'll sign an eviction order for you.”
“What?”
“The house you live in...” Mukwevho cut the call. Sandy phoned him back.
“If you love your wife, tell her to stay away from me and my family, I cannot guarantee her safety in Vusi's presence,” she said.
“How dare...”
“I can’t guarantee her safety in my presence either. Tell her to stay away from us.”
“I'll have you arrested for...” Sandy gasped as the phone was taken from her hand.
“Who is this?” demanded Vusi.
“Yes, I choked her, I wanted to kill her, I still do. Let her come near me, my wife, or children, if you never want to see her again. And you will in future, speak to my wife with respect,” he said coldly, then he put Sandy’s phone on the table.
“Didn’t I tell you to get dressed?” he demanded.
“Yes....”
“Well?” Sandy went to get dressed. They were quiet as they were driven to the function. Sandy watched Vusi, he was still angry. He only had scathing comments. He and another man got into a heated argument that was turning the function very ugly. Sandy kissed Vusi. He broke the kiss, she held his head still, and kissed him some more. She felt him put his arms round her, and kiss her back. When the kiss ended, she led him back to their car.
He kissed her. She broke the kiss as he started taking her clothes off.
“Vusi,” she panted, nodding at the driver. Vusi realised where they were, and helped her do up her buttons, then he held her hand in his. She rested her head back on the seat, and closed her eyes, catching her breath.
At home, Vusi rushed Sandy into the house, and kissed her. She gasped, noticing that he had removed her gown. It was pooled at her feet. He kissed her again, kissing his way towards her breasts. She leaned back against the cold wall, clutching his head to her bosom, as he sucked on one of her breasts.
“Vusi,” she gasped, feeling weak in the knees, as her body filled with pleasure. Her body shuddered with joy, seconds after she felt one of Vusi's hands caressing her between the legs. She opened her eyes, after catching her breath. Vusi was watching her with desire. She kissed him, and started taking off his clothes. When he was naked, he kissed her, and led her to their bedroom. 
They kissed and caressed each other, as they inched their way to the bed. Vusi helped Sandy on the bed, then he lay beside her. She caressed his masculinity, and felt him get harder. Suddenly, he withdrew from her.
“No, no, no, no, noooo!” he hissed. He lay on his back beside Sandy.
“What’s the matter?” she asked. He left the bed, and went into the bathroom. Sandy felt cold, and disappointed, then she felt furious. She followed Vusi, and entered the bathroom without knocking. He looked at her, startled.
“What’s gone wrong? Is it something I did, or something I didn't do? Tell me what to do, and I’ll do it,” she said.
“Forget it.”
“No, I will not forget it! I want to please you, the way you pleased me.”
“It's not a competition.”
“I know! I want...” 
“Look,” said Vusi, indicating his body with a hand. Sandy looked at his body, then she looked at him enquiringly.
“I can't perform,” he said.
“What?”
“I got real excited, then the excitement went.”
“Why?”
“Does it matter? I’m not a man.”
“Of course you are.”
“Then why can’t I perform?”
“I don’t know, maybe I’m not attractive enough.”
“Of course you are, I was all over you like a school boy. I used to be all over...Sorry.”
“It's okay, you can tell me.”
“I was all over Karabo too, but in the months before she died, this would happen.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know! Can we not talk about it? I want to shower.” Sandy left the bathroom and closed the door. She showered in another bathroom, then she went to prepare some snacks. Vusi joined her some minutes later. Neither of them could not eat.
“I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disappoint you,” said Vusi.
“Maybe we can get help from...” said Sandy.
“I'll handle it. I have work to do,” said Vusi, then he left the room, very angry. Sandy wondered who she could speak to about the problem.
Over the next week, Vusi was monosyllabic, and avoided Sandy as much as possible. He even took to driving to work early and coming home late to avoid her. 
One evening, Sandy waited up for him.
“Sandy?” he said, when he arrived.
“We need to talk,” she said.
“There is nothing to talk about.”
“We can get help. I read on the internet...”
“We don’t need help!”
“Then why are you avoiding me?”
“I am not avoiding you! I have a lot of work to get through.” Sandy gave him a long look, then she went to kiss him. He avoided her kiss, and left the room. Sandy waited while he showered.
When he came out of the shower, she made to kiss him again, and again he evaded her.
“Vusi!” she said.
“I have a lot of work to do.”
“Are you too busy to kiss me goodnight?” Vusi walked away. Sandy sat on the bed, fuming. She was not going to be treated as if it was her fault when she had done nothing wrong.
Next evening after work, she had Banda take her to Vusi's office.
“Sandra?” he said, uneasily.
“Hi, I brought dinner,” she said.
“Oh, thank you. Please excuse me,” he said, then he turned back to his work.
“Vusi...”
“Sandra, please!” he said, without looking at her. Sandy left.
When she arrived home, she packed a few things into a bag, and drove to her home.

CHAPTER EIGHT

“Sisi, is everything alright?” asked Si.
“Let's sleep,” said Sandy.
A week later, they returned home, to find Vusi on the doorstep. Sandy's heart pounded with excitement.
“What are you doing here?” demanded Vusi.
“Where else would I be?” returned Sandy.
“In your home!”
“This is my home.”
“Home is with me!”
“But you're never in your home, so why should I be there?”
“Sandra...”
“Are you coming in? I'm cold,” said Sandy, as she went into the house. She showered quickly then she found Vusi in the lounge.
“Your brother says he has a date, so he left,” he said.
“Hmm,” said Sandy, wondering why Si had bothered to leave, she doubted that she and Vusi had anything to say to each other.
“What brings you here?” she asked.
“I'm looking for you.”
“Why?”
“You’re my wife!”
“So?”
“So, you should live with me!”
“Why, when you ignore me, and act as if my presence is a horrid thing to experience?”
“I don't act as if...”
“I see your face, Vusi, I see how tense you get whenever I’m around. You should thank me for giving you space to be free.”
“I want you to come home with me.”
“Will you talk to me?”
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
“Then there's no reason for me to come home.”
“You're my wife.”
“I'm a woman who wants a full marriage. Unless we get help...”
“I don’t need help!” Sandy nodded, then she shrugged.
“In that case, the sooner you sign the divorce papers, the sooner we can get on with our lives. Bye,” she said. Vusi gave her a long look, then he left. Sandy sat a long time, realising that this time, things were over for good.
Si returned after midnight.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“He's signing the divorce papers.”
“What? I thought you two were sorted!”
“No. We were obviously never meant to be together. At least I tried, Si,” she said, with tears in her eyes. He sat beside her and held her as she wept tears of sadness. When she finished, she asked if she could move in permanently, and he said of course.
She refused to take time off work, preferring to stay busy, to get her mind off Vusi, and what could have been.
A week later, Sandy was surprised to see Vusi at her place of work.
“Can I take you home?” he asked. He had lost weight, and he was very tense. Sandy did not want to hear what he had to say, but she did want to be with him. She told Si that she was going home with Vusi, then she joined him in his car.
They drove off in silence. Sandy decided not to talk. Talking would lead to a quarrel. The silence allowed her to enjoy being with him. He stopped the car outside a medical centre. Sandy looked at him, surprised. He took a deep breath and alighted. Sandy climbed out of the car, and followed him into the centre.
They were led straight to a doctor. Vusi outlined his challenge, and the doctor examined him, before making some recommendations for him and Sandy. She and Vusi were silent as they walked to the car. Instead of driving off, Vusi turned in his seat, to look at Sandy.
“We can’t do those exercises, when we live in separate houses,” he said. Sandy looked away from him.
“When are you coming back home?” he asked.
“I don’t know.” Vusi turned in his seat angrily, and drove Sandy to her home then he left. She packed her bags, and all her belongings into Si's car, then she asked him to drive her to Vusi's home.
She found Vusi in the lounge. He stood.
“Is it okay if I stay here?” she asked. Vusi nodded, then he greeted Si. The three of them unloaded Si's car, then he left.
Vusi and Sandy had sandwiches, then Vusi took Sandy’s hand, and led her to their bedroom. She showered, then she joined Vusi in bed. He put his arms round her, and held her close.
“I've missed you,” he said.
“I missed you, too.” Vusi kissed her gently, and they fell asleep.
Next morning, Sandy noticed that things were different in the bedroom. All the rooms that she went into had less furniture.
“Where’s the furniture, and where are the pictures?” she asked.
“I've been thinking.”
“About what?”
“The letter that accompanied the divorce papers. You said in it, that maybe if we'd moved into another house, where people who know us would know only you as the mistress, instead of knowing Karabo as the mistress, maybe we could have made our marriage work. You were right. We need to move.”
“Really?”
“I've selected four houses, choose the one you like and we'll move in. The things that are missing have been put into storage. I thought you weren't coming back, I was going to move into a smaller house.”
“Oh.”
“Are you back for good? You brought your plants. You used to be crazy about them.”
“Yes, I'm here to stay. Thank you.”
“For what?”
“Wanting our marriage to work. I want that too.”
Some days later, they went to look at the houses. Sandy selected one and Vusi had renovators start work, repairing it, and re-carpeting the place.
Once that was done, Sandy hired decorators. She spent every spare moment shopping for furniture, curtains, pictures, plants and other home making decorations.
Once the house was done up, Vusi and Sandy moved in.
“No wonder you've been exhausted lately, you must have worked very hard to make our home look this good,” said Vusi. Sandy smiled, and kissed him. He held her head still and deepened the kiss.
Sandy broke the kiss and led Vusi to their bedroom. She took her clothes off, watching Vusi, as he took his clothes off. In a short time, they were naked, then they were kissing and caressing each other frantically.
They were rolling together on the bed, when Vusi groaned in despair. Sandy looked at him. He looked miserable. The excitement had left him.
“Let's try one of the exercises,” she said.
“They won’t work.”
“We won't know unless we try.”
“There's no point!”
“Don’t you want to be with me?”
“You know I do.”
“Then let's try. The more we practise, the better we'll get.” Vusi gave her a long look, then he kissed her. She kissed, stroked and caressed him, and he became excited again. Sandy stopped touching him, and he caressed and kissed her, until she shuddered with pleasure. Sandy then kissed and caressed him, starting and stopping several times, then Vusi’s body shuddered with pleasure.
“It didn’t work,” he said.
“You lasted longer. If we keep at it, we'll get it right.”
“I hate this.”
“We’re working on it, Vusi. Putting yourself under pressure will only make things worse. Isn’t that what the doctor said?” Vusi nodded. Sandy kissed him.
“I love you, and I know you want me, I trust that we’ll get there,” she said.
“You have more faith than me.”
“Relax, let's enjoy what we have.” Vusi held Sandy close.
Next evening, Sandy could not eat.
“What’s the matter” asked Vusi.
“How are the children doing?” Vusi was surprised by the question.
“Phone them,” he said.
“Will you do it, please?”
“I'm not the one worrying about them. Here's my phone, phone them,” said Vusi, putting his phone beside her. When he finished eating, he asked Sandy to clear the table, as he had work to do. Sandy took the dishes to the kitchen then she stood looking at the phone. She took a deep breath, and dialled Tom’s number.
“How are you, Baba?” greeted Tom.
“This is not your father,” said Sandy. There was a silence.
“Mamncane? Is everything alright, has something happened to Baba?”
“No, Tom, your father's fine. I'm just wondering how you are.”
“Oh. I'm fine...how are you?”
“Fine, thanks. I'm glad you’re well. Take care of yourself,” said Sandy, then she cut the call. Within seconds, the landline was ringing.
“You better get that, it's probably Tom, wanting to be sure that you’re fine,” said Sandy. Vusi picked up the landline, and talked to Tom, then the call ended.
“I need my cell phone in twenty minutes,” he said. Sandy phoned Jane.
“Why are you phoning me? You've never done it before,” said Jane.
“I've never been worried about you before,” said Sandy.
“Why are you worried?”
“The three of you are the closest thing I have to children. Worrying about your children is part of life.”
“Oh.” As soon as that call ended the landline rang again. Again, Sandy asked Vusi to answer it. As she had suspected, it was Jane. Vusi talked to her, then the call ended.
“You’d better phone those children more regularly. I don’t want an inquisition each time you phone them,” he said. Sandy took down Pri's number, and gave Vusi back his cell phone.
“I’d planned to sell the old house, but I’ll take it off the market. The children can stay there, when they’re in town,” said Vusi.
Sandy woke sweating a few nights later. She switched on the lights, and was relieved to see that she was not at Pris's funeral, and that Pris' paternal aunts were not trying to kill her. She switched off the light, but she could not go back to sleep.
She climbed out of bed and went to sit in the lounge. She picked up, and cradled, a picture of Vusi and his children. It had been taken five years before. They all looked very sad. Sandy looked at the time, and dialled Pri's number.
The phone rang a long time, then a man picked it up.
“Can I speak to Prisca?” said Sandy.
“Who's speaking?”
“My name's Sandy, who am I speaking to?”
“I’m Jonathan, Prisca’s husband. Are you the Sandy that had Prisca sent from her home?”
“I had nothing to do with that.”
“My wife is in the hospital.”
“What’s wrong with her?”
“What do you care?”
“Please tell me, then I can tell her father.” Jonathan paused, then he told her that Pri had been in labour for thirty-six hours, then he cut the call.
Sandy phoned back, but he did not answer her call. Sandy phoned Jane.
“Why do you want to know about Pri? I thought you wanted her dead,” said Jane.
“I don’t want her dead. I can’t live with her, but I don't wish anything bad for her. Please, tell me how she is,” said Sandy. Jane paused, then she said that Pri was strong, and that a c-section would be done on her. Jonathan was with Pri all the time, calming her, and helping her with everything. Sandy thanked her. After the call, she called on Karabo to look after her daughter and her grandchild.
“I spoke to Pri’s husband,” she said at breakfast. Vusi glared at her.
“He said....”
“I don’t want to hear anything about that person,” said Vusi. In the car, he drove very fast.
“What’s the matter?” asked Sandy.
“How dare you mention that person’s name to me!” he said.
“She’s your child.”
“Not anymore! After all the trouble she caused you, I'd have thought you of all people, would understand where I’m coming from.”
After supper that evening, Sandy phoned Jane, asking for more information about Pri. She had given birth to a healthy boy. Sandy's relief was immense. She would have wanted to tell Vusi, but she did not want to upset him.
Most evenings, Sandy would massage Vusi. At first, he felt pressured to give her pleasure, but she assured him that she liked touching him. He learned to relax, and sometimes, they would do the exercises that had been recommended by the doctor. Other times, Vusi would fall asleep as Sandy massaged him, or he would massage her to sleep.
Sandy was humming as she supervised dinner preparations in her home.
“Hi, Mamncane,” said Tom. Sandy looked at him in surprise, then she dropped what she was doing, and put her arms round him. He stilled, clearly surprised. Sandy made to withdraw, and he hugged her. She kissed his cheek, and drew back to look at him.
“How are you, Tom? Your father didn’t tell me that you were coming,” she said.
“He doesn’t know.”
“He’s going to be very pleasantly surprised. Are you on holiday?” asked Sandy, then her eyes opened wide, as she heard a baby’s cry.
“Do you have a baby?” she asked.
“That's Pri’s baby.”
“She let you bring him all that way?”
“No, she and Jonathan brought him.”
“Where are they?”
“In the lounge.” Sandy hurried to the lounge. Pri and a man were attending to the crying child in Pri’s arms.
“Hi Pri,” said Sandy. Pri’s face lost the indulgent look that she had had for her son, and instantly became hostile.
“I'm glad to see you’re well, Pri. You must be Jonathan. Welcome to our home,” said Sandy. Jonathan greeted her.
“How is your boy, Pri?” asked Sandy.
“Fine,” said Pri. Her son's cries were making it difficult to hear each other. Pri handed him to Jonathan. Jonathan walked up and down with him, but it did not help. Sandy opened her mouth, about to offer to hold the child, then she saw Pri’s hostile look. She excused herself, and went to the kitchen.
She found Tom alone.
“I hope you don’t mind, Mamncane. I sent everyone away, we need to talk,” he said.
“Is everything alright?” asked Sandy.
“Pri wants to see Baba, do you think he’ll agree to see her?” Sandy looked at him doubtfully.
“I told her it was too soon, but she insisted. We'd better go to a hotel before Baba returns.”
“What are you doing here? Didn’t I tell you never to come to my home?” demanded Vusi. Sandy and Tom rushed to the lounge, where Vusi was looking ready to physically evict Pri from the house. Pri was crying, and her son was screaming at the top of his voice.
“Please sir, just give Prisca a chance,” said Jonathan.
“Who are you? Get out of my house, and take that person with you. And why is that child screaming? Get it out of here!”
“Baba,” said Tom. Vusi’s face cleared instantly as he turned to Tom.
“Mfana wami,” he said, putting his arms round him. They held each other tight.
“I didn’t know you were coming,” said Vusi.
“I wanted to surprise you.”
“Is everything alright?”
“Everything's fine.”
“How's your sister?” 
“She's fine.” Pri's son renewed his crying efforts. Vusi released Tom.
“Are you still here? Am I going to have to carry you out the door?” he demanded.  Pri stood, and led the way out of the house, crying.
“How dare she come here! She knows...” said Vusi. Sandy kissed him. He resisted, she kissed him more fervently. He put his arms round her, and kissed her till she was too weak to stand. He released her, and she fell into the nearest seat, panting. She watched as Vusi walked towards the door.
“Dinner's in half an hour,” she said. When she had caught her breath she went to finish cooking. Tom joined her a while later, he had changed clothes.
“Phone your sister, and tell her to go to the old house. No use wasting money on a hotel,” said Sandy. Tom started dialling on his phone.
“Go where you father won't hear you,” said Sandy, and Tom left the room. Vusi joined Sandy.
“Can we eat?” he asked.
“We're waiting for Tom.”
“Thomas!” shouted Vusi.
“He's on a call, he'll be here just now.”
“I can't wait for him.”
“He's come all this way to see us, we have to wait for him.”
“Why does he get such preferential treatment?” Sandy leaned down and kissed Vusi.
“Oh!” said Tom. Sandy straightened, panting.
“Let's eat,” she said. She and Tom joined Vusi round the table for dinner. After the meal, Vusi went to make a call. Tom helped Sandy to clear up, then he started doing the dishes. Sandy stared at him.
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
“When did you learn to do that?”
“In the last four years. Why do you ask?”
“Your father would die before he'd let you do that.”
“I know, but at university, there are no home comforts.”
“You look well.”
“So do you. And Baba’s picked up weight. You must be taking very good care of him. Thank you, Mamncane. There was a time when I feared he’d will himself to die.”
“I'm glad he's decided to live.”
“We all are.”
Tom went to work with Vusi over the following three days. Sandy was glad to see that the time they spent together was doing them both a lot of good.
At dinner, three nights later, Sandy cleared her throat nervously.
“Pri wants to talk to you,” she said to Vusi.
“I don’t want to see her,” said Vusi.
“She's your child.”
“No child of mine behaves like a...”
“Give her a chance.”
“I sent her away, because she was giving you hell.”
“See her away from me.”
“No.”
“She almost died.”
“When?” 
“During child birth.”
“Oh.”
“Talk to her, and if you don’t want to talk, at least, listen.”
 “No.”
“Please.”
“I don't want to talk about her. We've had peace in the last few months, why must you spoil things?”
“Is making peace with your child spoiling things?”
“This conversation is over!” Vusi said with finality. Sandy looked down at her plate of food. There was a long silence, then Tom started talking about his new job. Vusi asked him questions, and relaxed.
Vusi was tense and monosyllabic at breakfast.
“Please don’t be mad at Mamncane,” said Tom.
“I'm not mad,” said Vusi.
“You’re always talking to her, and touching her, but since last night, you ignore her.”
“I'm not ignoring her!”
“You have no right to treat someone who makes you happy, the way you’re treating Mamncane.”
“Thomas...”
“You’ve been miserable for too long, to mess the best thing that ever happened to you.”
“Wena mfana...”
“I'll see you later, Mamncane,” said Tom, then he left. Sandy started clearing the table.
“Leave that, and sit down,” said Vusi. Sandy sat down.
“How can you plead for Prisca? She made your life miserable.”
“This separation hurts you both. We don’t have to live with Pri, but at least, if you’re not feeling bad about her, you can enjoy your life.” There was a long silence.
“We have to get to work,” said Vusi.
In the evening, dinner was a quiet meal. Tom left the room as soon as he finished eating.
“I'll see that child, if you’re present,” said Vusi.
“I won’t be present,” said Sandy.
“Then I won't see her.”
“Vusi...”
“I don’t want to see her, but I will, because you asked me to. The least you can do is to be there.” They shared a look, then Sandy nodded.
“I’ll ask Tom to ask her to dinner tomorrow,” she said.

CHAPTER NINE

Next evening, when Sandy returned home from work, she found Tom hosting Pri, Jonathan, and their son. She greeted them, then she went to shower. When she finished, she went to join the guests. They had been joined by Vusi. He and Pri were very tense, and the baby was crying very loudly.
“Can't you stop that child's noise?” asked Vusi.
“I'm doing my best,” said a tearful Pri.
Jonathan walked the baby, but it did not make a difference. He returned him to Pri, it did not help.
“Shut that child up, or...” said Vusi.
“I'll take him outside,” said Sandy. Pri clutched him to her bosom protectively.
“It's worth a try,” said Jonathan. Pri looked at him, then she looked at Sandy. She looked at her son then she held him out to Sandy. Sandy released the breath that she had been holding, and went to take the child. He screamed louder as she left the house with him.
Outside, she walked about with him, then she talked to him. After a while, he quieted, then he fell asleep. Sandy took him back into the house.
“Put him down,” she said.
“Put him down?” said Pri.
“He's asleep.”
“He is not!” said Pri, taking her son. She looked at him, then she put a hand beneath his nose. She looked at Jonathan.
“He's asleep!” she marvelled.
“He never sleeps. How did you make him sleep?” asked Jonathan.
“I told him about his grandmother.”
“His grandmother?”
“Pri’s mom.”
“Oh!”
“Put him down before you wake him with your chatter,” said Vusi. Pri left the room with her son.
Sandy, Tom and Jonathan made small talk, then Pri returned. Sandy announced dinner and led the way to the dining room.
Pri and Vusi did not touch their food, they were watching each other surreptitiously and clearly curious about each other's spouses.
“Are you married to Pri?” Vusi asked.
“Yes, sir,” said Jonathan.
“How long have you been married?”
“Six months.”
“Doesn't it bother you, that Prisca's child isn't yours?”
“No sir. He's Prisca’s, and that’s all I care about. I asked her to marry me eighteen months ago, she refused, and we broke up. When she and the baby's father broke up, I asked her to marry me again. I love her very much, and I intend to take very good care of her and Karthur.”
“Karthur?”
“Our son.” Vusi looked from Jonathan to Pri, and back.
“The age gap is rather big, isn't it? How old are you?”
“Baba!” gasped Pri.
“Forty-four,” said Jonathan.
“Prisca's only twenty-four! You’re old enough to be...”
“Where did you meet?” asked Sandy.
“I was her psychology lecturer two years ago,” said Jonathan.
“That's disgusting!” said Vusi.
“We didn't do anything till we got married!” said Pri.
“I don't want to hear the details!” said Vusi.
“Are you still lecturing?” asked Sandy.
“Part-time. Mostly, I run a clinic,” said Jonathan. Sandy stood, and started clearing the table. Tom and Jonathan helped her, then they all returned to the table.
 “My wife tells me you want to talk to me. I'm only listening to you, because she asked me to. What is it you want?” Vusi asked Pri. Pri gaped at him.
“Well?” said Vusi.
“Baba, please, let her speak,” said Tom. Vusi looked from Pri, to Sandy.
“I've offered to listen,” he said.
“Yes, you have,” she said.
“She hasn't said anything.”
“She will. She wouldn’t have come all this way for nothing. Give her time.” Vusi grunted.
“I've never heard the name Karthur before,” said Sandy to Pri.
“It's a combination of Ma's name and Jonathan's father's name, Arthur,” said Pri.
“It's beautiful.”
“Thank you.”
“Does he have other names?”
“No. I miss you, Baba,” said Pri.
“Hmm,” said Vusi, sounding as if he did not believe her.
“You’re the only Baba I have, I have no Ma, and I feel like an orphan since you sent me away.”
“I didn’t send you away. I took you to a home where you could feel welcome.”
“I don't feel welcome at Aunty's. I only feel welcome here.”
“Then why did you hurt my wife, and accuse her of...”
“I'm sorry! I'm sorry, it won’t happen again,” she said earnestly. Vusi gave her a long look.
“I'll never hurt her again. Living with aunty really made me count my blessings. After living with her, I appreciate what heaven it is to live in your home. Mamncane, I'm sorry I behaved as I did. I missed Ma, I still do,” she said tearfully. She wiped away the tears.
“I'm sorry,” she said. Sandy looked from her to Vusi, he was watching Pri as if he was trying to understand her.
“What happened to you? You used to be the sweetest child that ever lived, then, in the year your mother died, you became a monster,” he said.
“I was on drugs.”
“What?” said Tom, Vusi, Sandy and Jonathan.
“I was experimenting with drugs,” said Pri.
“Do you still do drugs?” asked Tom.
“No! I stopped the night Ma died.”
“I can understand you being mean to your mother because you were on drugs, but why were you mean to your Mamncane?” asked Vusi.
“She was trying to be Ma.”
“I'd fail miserably if I tried that,” said Sandy.
“You married Baba!”
“Yes, but I wasn't trying to be your mother.”
“It's Ma who should be beside Baba.”
“I didn’t kill her!”
“I didn't say you did!”
“Then why do you make it sound as if...”
“Ma's death was my fault. I couldn't admit it, so I blamed it on you.”
“I wasn’t even in the country when it happened!”
“If you'd been around, you’d have convinced her to fight to live.”
“She died at the scene of the accident, Pri,” said Vusi.
“You went to see her at the hospital.”
“I went to identify her body.” Pri started crying. Jonathan calmed her, then she stopped crying.
“Your mother's death was an accident. Assigning blame doesn't bring her back,” said Vusi.
“It's late,” said Sandy.
“We'll be off,” said Jonathan.
“There's plenty of room here.” Pri looked at Sandy uneasily, then she looked at her father. Vusi was saying goodnight, and leaving the room. Sandy followed suit.
She joined Vusi in bed. They lay awake.
“Thank you for hearing her out,” said Sandy.
“Go to sleep.”
“I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
She woke in the night, and felt for Vusi. He was not beside her, and he was not in the bathroom. She put a gown over her negligee, and went to look for him.
He was in the lounge, talking to Pri. She smiled, and returned to sleep. Next morning, their guests left.
Next evening, Sandy returned late from work. She found Si in her lounge.
“You didn't tell me that you were coming here, we could have come together,” she said.
“You husband invited me an hour ago. Can we eat? I'm very hungry.”
“I'll take a quick shower, then we'll eat.”
After her shower, Sandy joined Vusi and Si for dinner. Sandy cleared the table after the meal, then she and the men sat talking a while.
“I'm sorry I married your sister without observing tradition,” said Vusi. Sandy looked at him in shock. Si looked surprised. His eyes went from Vusi to Sandy, and back.
“I've come to my senses now, and I want to get the formalities out of the way. I know we're supposed to involve other people, but they'll delay things, and I want this taken care of soon. Will you tell me what you want by way of amalobolo, and if you're fining me for doing things without respecting you?” continued Vusi.
“You don't have to do this,” said Sandy.
“This is between me, and my Babazala,” said Vusi.
“I...I've never thought about it. I'll need time,” said Si.
“Of course.”
Some days later, Si invited Sandy to his home. She found Vusi there. Si gave them dinner.
“I don’t want you paying amalobolo, and then treating my sister like property,” he said.
“I never have, and I never will,” said Vusi.
“If you hurt her, I'll hurt you.”
“I understand.” Si then asked for ten head of cattle as amalobolo, one goat as ivulamlomo, and two head of cattle for Vusi's marrying Sandy without talking to him. Sandy gasped in horror. Vusi thought about it, then he nodded, and said that he had to make a phone call. He left the room.
“Are you out of your mind? How could you charge him so much? He'll leave me! If anyone should be charged, it's me, for marrying him when he was out of his mind,” said Sandy.
“This is a good sign. He's taking over from where you left off. Don’t worry, we'll work things out,” said Si. Vusi returned, and he and Si went to talk in another room. When they returned, Vusi and Sandy drove home together.
“Our anniversary's coming up soon,” said Vusi.
“How do you know?”
“I saw a copy of our marriage certificate. How big was our wedding?”
“You, me, two witnesses, and the magistrate.”
“No one else?”
“Who was I going to invite? Your family would have put a stop to it, and Si's my only family.”
“Did we celebrate afterwards?”
“You kept asking when Karabo would be home.”
“That can't have been easy on you.”
“No, it wasn't. I took you home to the children.”
“When did you tell them we were married?”
“They saw the wedding band on your finger and asked about it. I told them, and just like that, I became the enemy. After your family's kangaroo court, I made copies of the marriage certificate, and gave one to Si, in case your family tore the original in an attempt to nullify the marriage.”
“I don't remember the kangaroo court.”
“Your sisters were telling me to release you, because you were not in your right mind. I said I'd release you if you asked me to.”
“I'll never do that. Have we ever celebrated our anniversary?”
“No.”
“We're celebrating it this year. We'll have some friends over for a dinner party.”
“That would be great.”
“Then why are you crying?”
“I'm happy. You sound as if you're happy to be married to me.”
“I am happy and proud to be married to you.” Sandy put her arms round him.
“Sandy!” he said, swerving the car. Sandy released him, and wiped away her tears.
Vusi parked the car at home, turned in his seat, and kissed her.
“I love you,” he said.
“I love you, too,” said Sandy.
###
OTHER BOOKS BY THABI MAJABULA
Becca’s Treasure
Complete Family
Connecting
Ending It
Fixing Things
Lerato’s Heart
Letting Go
Lungile’s Surprise
Noma’s Awakening
Sylvie’s Love
Where Themba’s Heart Belongs
Xoli’s Reluctant Groom
