SANDSTORM



Francine L. Zapater






Nº Registro propiedad intelectual: B-1


English translation by Stuart Kelling




































“The sun might be obscured by clouds for all eternity

The sea might dry up in an instant

The axis of the world might break

Like brittle glass

It will all happen! Death will cover me

With its funeral ribbon;

But the flame of the love that I carry inside

Will never be extinguished.”


Gustavo A. Becquer
































Prologue


He wasn’t real. He couldn’t be real.

My mind was playing tricks on me. I rubbed my eyes, trying to get rid of the image in front of me.

It was him. There was no doubt about it. I’d have recognised him anywhere. For a moment, everything was like it was before. I’d woken up from a bad dream. I smiled uneasily. That’s all it had been, a bad dream. Now everything would be like before, it would all fit together again. I thought he’d gone forever, but fate had given me a second chance, and now he was here, with his big almond-coloured eyes and his elegant poise. Now there were no pieces missing from the jigsaw puzzle that was my life. I threw myself onto him, the tears streaming down my face. But this time they were tears of happiness. 

Unfortunately, the joy of seeing him again was as short-lived as his embrace. He shifted his gaze beyond me, into the room, centering on the figure standing very still behind me. I turned slowly to look at Erik and from his tense face and dark expression, I could tell what was about to happen. 

I would have to choose. Again. Only this time I wasn’t sure. They were both my life. 



























The Messenger


“It is curious that the emptier life is, the more it weighs you down”.

Leon Daudí



Half an hour later, he could still see nothing more than his own reflection in the steamed-up glass, but it didn’t matter. His neurons were working at a frantic pace, trying to understand what he’d just found out. He shook his head. It was crazy. Impossible. He’d spent years doing what Carl had done in his day and nothing like this had ever happened. But the evidence was clear and the acts left no room for doubt. 

Luke moved reluctantly away from the window, shuffling towards the big sofa. How was he going to explain this to his brother? How would the truth go down with Stella?

‘That’s enough’, he admonished himself in exasperation. Was it really his problem anyway?

No.

So the consequences that his investigations might have on their relationship didn’t really matter either. If Mr Perfect and Stella couldn’t get over the truth, he didn’t care.  Quite the opposite. He couldn’t care less. He would just play his part. But what if this was the chance he’d been waiting for? And what if his moment had finally arrived? 

The doorbell rang and shook him out of his dark musings. 

‘Mr Luke Wallace?’

‘Who wants to know?’ he replied without confirming his identity, while his questioner fixed him with an icy, piercing gaze.

‘I have an important message for Mr Wallace. Is that you?’

Luke took a few moments to examine the appearance of the strange visitor who had dared to bother him at that time of night. He was strongly-built, no taller than he was, with a shiny bald patch and fierce eyes. By the look of him, he’d been sent by someone who wanted to intimidate him. But he hadn’t managed it. 

He looked straight into the stranger’s eyes before answering in the affirmative.

‘Yes. It is.’

Then everything fell into senseless chaos. The messenger pushed Luke to the floor and began kicking him in the ribs. Luke tried to get away from his attacker, to defend himself against the blows which were raining down on him. He let his mind, cold and rational, overcome the pain and, as if by magic, he knew what to do. Moving quickly, he grabbed his adversary’s foot just as it was about to land another blow. 

The man gave a grunt of surprise when Luke lifted his ankle to the right and slammed him down against the floor. He was bruised and hurting, but angry too. Very, very angry. He stood over the stranger and pressed his heavy boot onto his neck, while he began to take possession of the mind and the will of his stocky, bald assailant with a calmness that would terrify any human being. Despite the messenger’s tough guy look, his brain was pretty simple, easy to manipulate. Like a child’s. Luke stared straight into his eyes and saw the reflection of his ferocious stare in the terrified ruffian’s pupils. 

‘You shouldn’t go into houses without an invitation, let alone attack your host. Is that how your parents brought you up?’ snarled Luke, cynical and threatening, while the thug writhed in pain under his destructive gaze. 

If Luke could destroy the complex mind of a Kaelian, turning this simple human into a drooling lump of meat would be the simplest of tasks. 

Stella’s face appeared in his mind just then, stopping him short, throwing him completely. He knew he’d made a lot of enemies. He hadn’t exactly played fair to get the information he wanted and he might have to pay for that, but Stella? What was she doing in the mind of this orang-utan? 

‘How do you know the girl?’ asked Luke warily, after he’d tied the stranger securely to a chair. 

‘What girl?’ he mumbled in reply, wincing in pain because of his split lip.

‘The girl I saw in your mind just now. The girl who was going to be your next target if you’d managed to get rid of me,’ explained Luke, the adrenaline converted into fury, boiling in his blood. 

‘How the hell did you see what I was thinking? What kind of freak are you?!’

‘A very dangerous one. Now, answer!’ he roared, landing a punch which knocked a couple of teeth out and left a trail of blood and saliva on the man’s jaw. ‘How do you know her?’

‘I don’t know anything about her, I don’t even know her. I swear. All I know is if I don’t take her to whoever’s paying me before the deadline, they’ll kill me,’ the stranger confessed in desperation. 

‘So will I if you even dare to bring her to your filthy mind again,’ threatened Luke furiously, punching him again, this time on the chin.

Thick red blood spurted out of the stranger’s mouth and stained Luke’s T-shirt. 

‘What deadline are you talking about? When do you have to hand her over?’

‘That all depends on whether she’s dead or alive,’ the man replied with a touch of satisfaction in his voice, as if he knew that would hurt Luke more than the punch he’d just taken. 

Luke launched a violent, accurate kick against the stranger’s knee which bent his leg back at an inhuman angle. There was an unpleasant cracking sound as bone broke through flesh.

A howl of pain rang out around the room. 

‘I’ll ask you nicely one more time. What’s the deadline for handing over the girl?’

‘Six months. After that they’ll kill me,’ he gasped through tears and pain.

‘You won’t have the luck to live that long, you bastard,’ added Luke, clenching his fists. ‘Who’s paying you? Tell me, you loser! Who are you working for?’

‘I don’t know, I’ve never met him. I get my instructions by phone and I get paid by bank transfer. I never have personal contact with my clients,’ he sobbed. 

Luke sensed that the feeling of blind rage which he understood so little and which he was just beginning to control, had taken him over completely. The rational part of him had vanished, for better or worse since his feelings for Stella had been awakened, and now these emotions, so base and so human, had infected the Kaelian like a virus. With a roar, he slammed his fist into the messenger’s chest, the pressure making his ribcage cave in with the force of the blow. He sensed the life leaving him with one last breath. 

Luke drew back his arm from the lifeless body on the chair, the head lolling to one side, eyes open and a look of pain and panic on his face. He pulled the eyelids down as a reflex action, so he didn’t have to see the look of terror on the dead man’s face. The feelings of guilt that he had just discovered were the least agreeable compared to the rest of the human emotions that he’d been experiencing lately. He was a monster. He had become a monster. Letting his love for Stella grow in his heart was the biggest mistake of his life. He’d opened Pandora’s Box. A tumult of emotions had brutally invaded him, taking possession of him, dominating him, leaving him out of control. Fear, fury, pain, passion, rage and revenge… And all of this was because of his weakness since he’d been here on Earth. 

It was no use regretting it now. The evil had been done and Stella was in danger, in real danger. This wasn’t the time for regrets or flowery sentiments; he had to talk to Erik, he had to tell him everything he’d found out about Stella, about her father and the mission he’d been carrying out on Earth and, above all, he had to help Erik to protect Stella from the threat that was stalking her.

He went to the bathroom and in a single movement pulled off his bloodstained T-shirt and pants, feeling a stab of pain in his side where the messenger had kicked him. 

Fifteen minutes later, he left the attic apartment he had rented in Munich and without thinking twice stole a motorbike parked on the sidewalk and headed for the airport, destination Vancouver, his decision firmly taken and un uncertain future hot on his heels. 
















































Strange Coincidences


“We often find our destiny by following paths that we take to avoid it.”

Jean de la Fontaine





‘Good morning sleepyhead. I brought you breakfast.’

I drew back the curtains next to the bed and saw the blue of the sky through the steamed-up window. The morning looked clearer than my head felt. 

‘What are you doing up so early? Are you sick or something?’ I asked Beth, surprised at the time showing on the alarm clock, rubbing my eyes sleepily. 

My friend had many virtues, but getting up early wasn’t one of them. She had to have a pretty good reason to leave the house at this ungodly hour. 

‘I’m not sick or anything of the sort. I’m totally frazzled. I haven’t just got up, I haven’t been to bed yet,’ she answered with a loud yawn. 

‘I thought as much.’ It was much more logical than the thought of her getting up so early. ‘And what have you been doing up to now, if I may ask?’

I sat up in bed little by little as I asked the question, looking reluctantly at the clock on the bedside table again. Seven a.m. I fell back onto the bed, squinting. We’d moved to Victoria a couple of months before, just as classes were starting at the University, and since then I’d been rooming with the person who’d just ruined my beauty sleep. 

I really needed to get up and eat something before Erik came to call for me, but it was so nice between the sheets…

‘Hey! Do you want to know what I got up to last night, or not?!’ said Beth reproachfully. 

I’d forgotten she was even there. I’d sunk back into a delightful sleepiness. I opened my eyes to show a little interest in what my friend wanted to tell me. But I knew the story before I heard it. The same story over and over again. Partying into the wee small hours and ending up in bed with her latest conquest. 

‘Go on, tell me, I’m all ears,’ I muttered reluctantly, snuggling down into the bed. 

‘Yes, so I see. Quite an audience I’ve got, I don’t know why I waste my wonderful stories on you. I should give Joanna a call, I’m sure she’d show a little more interest,’ she replied, looking for her cell phone in the pile of papers on her table. 

‘Give me a break! Joanna?!’ I answered with a laugh, ‘You mean the same Joanna that will tell half the University in less than five minutes what you got up to last night? I don’t think so.’

‘Alright, I was bluffing, I wouldn’t call that blabbermouth, not in a million years.’ She said, admitting defeat.

‘Come on, out with it.’

‘I’ve met Mr Right.’

Her eyes lit up alarmingly. It would have worried me, had I not known beforehand how this was going to end up.

‘What about Daniel?’

‘Ah yes, Daniel.’ She raised one hand then let it fall again. ‘The thing is, he’s been in Texas for almost two months now and I’m beginning to get tired of waiting at home like a good little girl.’

‘You’ve never waited for anyone,’ I said sharply, ‘let alone like a good little girl.’

‘Why are we talking about Daniel? “The king is dead, long live the king...” We were supposed to be talking about my fabulous night out, weren’t we?’ she said mischievously. 

There was no getting out of it. I didn’t like what she was doing to the poor Southerner, but who was I to say anything? In six months I’d managed to get two twins to fall in love with me, then they fought over me and one had gone forever. 

Sometimes I surprised myself, thinking about Luke and what he was doing at that moment. I missed him. Almost six months had passed since he’d left for good. But I had Erik, and he was all I needed to be happy, despite his brother’s absence. My feelings were contradictory. I felt like I was swimming in a pool on a hot day in the middle of August and, instead of feeling good – refreshed and clearheaded – my body wanted to get out and feel the scorching heat of the sun. 

That’s how I felt. I loved Erik madly, but a part of me longed for his brash red-haired brother.

‘Really, I’ve had it with you. Have you heard a single word I’ve said?’ Beth was starting to get angry with me, and now I’d have to make the effort to convince her that I’d been paying attention to her, when really I hadn’t.

‘Of course I have. You were telling me how you’d met another one of your “Mr Rights.”’

She eyed me suspiciously then went on with her story.

‘Well, as I was saying, he’s tall, lean, a touch mysterious and very attractive. I’m sure if you saw him, you’d understand why I fell for him after just one night, because he’s the spitting image of Erik,’ she frowned, as if she’d suddenly had some kind of serendipity. ‘But your boyfriend doesn’t go out without you, so it couldn’t have been him, right?’ she joked, smiling nervously. ‘Truth be told, I wasn’t too clearheaded at that time of night… Now, seriously, Erik wouldn’t have a relative here, would he? A brother, a cousin maybe?’

I froze inside in an instant. Beth’s words had turned me to stone. I couldn’t believe what I’d just heard. I decided to pluck up my courage and ask the question I was too scared to hear the answer to.

‘So what’s his name?’ My voice sounded shrill, reflecting the hysteria that was threatening to destroy my common sense. 

‘You see?! You weren’t listening to me!’

‘Beth, for God’s sake! What’s his name?’ My voice trembled.

‘Luke.’

The ceiling was spinning. Everything went black as my friend’s voice retreated into a distant, muffled murmur. 

‘Stella! Stella, honey, wake up!’ Erik’s sweet, lilting voice caressed my ears. 

‘What happened?’ I asked hoarsely, blinking hard.

‘You fainted, just like that. I was telling you all about my latest conquest when you fell down half-dead on the floor. You scared me half to death!’ answered Beth, pacing around the small bedroom. 

‘I don’t like these blackouts of yours. They’re happening more and more,’ said Erik, sounding really concerned. ‘You should see a doctor.’ 

I looked at him, trying to bring a smile to my lips. I wasn’t going to convince him that easily that I was alright. I stood up slowly, leaning on him. I felt confused and dizzy. What were we talking about before I fainted? 

Luke. That one word. His name rang again around my bewildered head. 

‘Did Beth tell you who she went out with last night?’ I asked Erik, gazing into his intense blue eyes.

Just for a moment, I got the impression that they were darkening slightly, like they used to do. 

‘She told me something,’ he admitted darkly. 

‘So Luke is back?’

If anybody knew about Luke’s comings and goings, it would be his brother. The same brother that was now looking at me indifferently, which could only mean one thing: that I wasn’t going to like one little bit what he was about to tell me, and neither was he. 

‘Luke doesn’t want to see you. He asked me not to tell you about him coming back. That’s why you’ve only found out now,’ he said, cold and distant. 

I deflated like a balloon. Luke didn’t want to see me. He had every right, given what had gone on between us. Erik looked at me, unperturbed, examining my perplexed face. 

‘I could talk to him, get him to change his mind and come to see you if it’ll make you happy,’ he said without a hint of emotion. 

He was hurting. I felt it in my heart. My reaction to the news that Luke had come back had hurt him deeply. I didn’t know how to explain to him that, although I was perfectly happy being with him, I needed to see Luke. To me, the love I felt for him wasn’t incompatible with the affection I had for his brother. Was I the only one who saw things so simply? 

Beth was looking at us from the other side of the room with a troubled look on her face. I was going to have to explain a few things to her, and I was sure that after Erik left, she would have a flood of questions for me. But right now, I was the one doing the asking.

‘Beth, I need you to tell me what Luke said last night. What did you talk about?’

‘Nothing really,’ she replied, looking down. 

‘What do you mean, ‘nothing’?’

‘Just that, nothing, I didn’t really get to know him at all,’ she answered, bowing her head.

‘I would really appreciate it if you could explain yourself better.’ I was getting twitchy and was barely able to contain myself. 

‘I met him at St. Patrick’s when I was having a drink with Peter and Caroline. For a moment I thought he was Erik, so I went up to say hi. You know how polite I am.’ I couldn’t help smiling. Beth, polite? I didn’t want to think about her motives for talking to Luke when she thought he was Erik. ‘So… When I said hello, he looked at me as if I was crazy, turned on his heels and left me standing there. Well, you know how mad I get when somebody ignores me like that, so I went after him to ask him why he was treating me like that, after all anyone can make a mistake, and they’re like two peas in a pod! 

‘You should have said it like that the first time,’ I said angrily.

‘Yes, you’re right, but the other version was more my style, cooler. The real version is a bit of a let-down. So in the end, after spending all night trawling every bar in town I gave up and came back here, no trace of this Luke.’ She seemed ashamed of her made-up story from before, but only ashamed enough to make me feel guilty for getting angry. 

Erik was standing next to me by the small table where we’d sat down to have breakfast, looking at Beth uneasily. Clearly he didn’t like the way my friend had got hung up on his brother so quickly. It made things more complicated, that was obvious. 

What was Luke doing around here again? Why was he in Victoria if he didn’t want to see me? What was the real reason why Erik hadn’t told me his brother was back? And, more disturbingly, what was he doing in the same bar as Beth? A chance meeting or prearranged coincidence? I knew nothing happened by chance with Luke.

‘How did you know his name if you didn’t even speak to him?’ I asked the obvious question. 

‘We didn’t exactly have a conversation, but when I went up and said “Erik, what are you doing here?” he turned round and said “You got the wrong guy, my name’s Luke,” and that was all he said before he walked off and left me standing there. 

‘That’s typical of my brother, he just oozes charm,’ said Erik with a half-smile. ‘Anyway, that’s enough chatting for now. We’ve got other plans for today, haven’t we?’ He shot me a look full of sweetness. All I needed was his blue sky gazing at me to thrill me from head to toe. 

‘Yes,’ I answered, a little befuddled. In any case, it was better to put this bewildering business with Luke to one side for now and get on with my life, a life which didn’t seem to matter to Erik in the slightest. ‘Give me five minutes to get changed and we’ll go,’

I ran to the wardrobe, looking for something comfortable to wear. Jeans and a thick sweater would be the safest bet. I hadn’t been outside yet, but it must have been pretty cold just looking at the windows. 

I heard murmurings coming from the kitchen. Erik was talking to Beth while he was waiting for me. He must have been whispering because I couldn’t make out what he was saying. I felt a strange uneasiness at not being able to understand what they were saying. As if they were hiding something from me. I ran out of the bedroom and stood in front of them, as red as a tomato. 

‘… we’re twins…’ I heard Erik say as I dashed in.

So that’s all it was. My paranoia had the two of them conspiring against me, but Erik was simply telling Beth that he and his brother were twins. I sighed with relief; lately I’d been seeing ghosts where there weren’t any.

We waved Beth goodbye and went out. A radiant sun shone in a clear blue sky, bathing everything in its light, every tree, every flower, every stray hair on my angel’s head. I was amazed at how his eyes absorbed the sun’s rays, turning them almost transparent. I couldn’t get used to such perfection. 

‘Are you okay?’ he asked me in that sweet voice that caressed me like a melody.

‘Yes, don’t worry, it was just a slight drop in blood pressure,’ I said to reassure him. ‘Maybe if you’d told me that Luke had come back, it wouldn’t have been such a shock for me.’

‘I don’t understand it. Why do you care? He hasn’t asked after you so it doesn’t matter if he’s around, so really it’s as if he wasn’t.’

‘But he is around, and I don’t believe he doesn’t want to see me. Don’t you think it’s a bit too much of a coincidence that he bumped into my best friend last night? I can’t see Luke going out on the town without selecting his prey first,’ I said, raising an eyebrow. ‘What you’re telling me doesn’t make sense, so I need to talk to him, let him tell me he doesn’t want to see me.’

Erik shook his head, paying no attention to my imaginings and slid his arm around my waist, nudging me to get me moving again. A bolt of energy flooded my body, as it did every time he touched me, causing that strange tingling in my stomach and a weakness in my bones which seemed to melt at his touch. It was wonderful to feel that way. To be in love. 

His brother, on the other hand, made me feel twitchy, uneasy, anxious and desperate. Luke was the proverbial dog in the manger.

The previous year had been the most intense of my life. Discovering the true identity of the twins – genetically perfect aliens – had swept away everything I’d believed and thought, everything which had mattered to me. But things had got complicated and from that moment on, my very existence was in danger. Real danger, which I accepted without thinking twice. Erik was my dream, my dream come true, and I wasn’t going to give him up. I loved him with all my heart, he was a part of me, as vital as the blood running through my veins and giving me life. But that didn’t alter the fact that I liked to have his brother around. Although this wish was one-way traffic, because after I’d turned him down, being around me wasn’t an option for him. Mission impossible, most definitely.

We stopped at a wooden bench facing the sea. Erik sat very close to me, slipping his arm over the back and drawing me to his chest until I was leaning on him. I gave up rooting around in memories of the past to enjoy the wonderful present moment. 

An icy wind blew around us, slicing through our clothes as if they were made of paper. I snuggled into Erik’s arms to fight off the cold with the warmth of his body. He kissed the top of my head in response, but didn’t say a word. Today he was even more pensive than usual and I didn’t like that one little bit. 

Suddenly my body shuddered, shaking like a leaf, as somebody strange had brushed against me. I turned quickly to see who was having such an effect on me. I thought it might be Luke, or some other manipulative Kaelian wandering around there, but dozens of faces were criss-crossing the pier and none of them were taking any notice of us. 

‘What’s going on, Stella?’ asked my angel, obviously worried. Just then, as I was looking for an explanation for my uneasiness, a small piece of paper landed on my lap. 

I was going to brush it away when I noticed my initials written on it. I looked at it with suspicion, paralyzed and with no desire to pick it up, as if it wasn’t just a piece of paper but a time bomb that had landed on me which might go off if I touched it. Luckily, Erik reacted with the speed that I lacked. He opened the strange note hurriedly and with a frown, began to read it. 

‘What does it say?’ I asked, intrigued but at the same time not sure if I wanted to know.

‘It’s nothing. Just nonsense,’ he replied, but the look on his face told me that it was anything but ‘nothing’ and ‘nonsense’.

‘Let me see,’ I demanded, knowing that he meant to throw it away without giving me a chance to read it. 

Now my interest had been aroused. Normally, the more Erik tried to play something down, the more important it was. 

He backed down reluctantly and gave me the neatly folded piece of paper with the initials ‘SP’ scrawled on the back.

‘Don’t trust the façade. You can still save yourself.’

I read it a couple of times, trying to find the joke among the words, but couldn’t. The more I read, the less sense it made. Erik was tense, uncomfortable. He freed himself from my embrace to look around for someone or something. Whoever had written this was telling me not to trust him. That the love of my life was no more than a façade. A feeling of emptiness, like a black hole, a bottomless pit, took hold of my stomach and I couldn’t do anything about it. I was sure of one thing: that feeling was here to stay.

We got to Chemainus mid-afternoon. The mysterious note that had fallen into my hands a few days before had Erik very worried all week. I preferred not to think about it. The uneasiness was still there, digging into my guts like a tick, but I tried to ignore it for both our sakes. If I’d learned something from the previous year, it was that misfortunes don’t need an invitation. The only thing that was keeping me up at night was Luke. Neither Beth nor I had heard anything more about him, but something told me that these strange happenings, and the misgivings which were gnawing away at me, had something to do with him. Maybe it was just a coincidence, maybe not.

One thing was for sure: I was going to use all means possible, both human and alien, not to let anybody mess with my chance to enjoy being with my mother, after a fortnight of exchanging phone calls and messages. 

Nicole was taking my absence much harder than me. She was waiting at the front door when we arrived. Erik parked with a deft manoeuvre and, without waiting for the engine to stop running, I opened the door, shot out of the car and sprinted to her. She jogged to me as well, arms open wide. We crashed into each other, melting into a big hug, staggering from side to side with the impact, giggling at our own clumsiness.

‘Stella, honey; how are you? You look thinner. Are you eating well?’

‘Mom, please… It’s only been two weeks since I saw you last! How could I be thinner?’ I smiled. ‘Besides, I’m eating very well. It turns out Beth’s a great cook.’

If my mother knew that we survived on a diet of pizzas and hamburgers because neither of us was capable of cooking anything without burning it to a crisp, she’d have torn her hair out. 

By the look of it, I hadn’t managed to convince Nicole completely because she still had an anxious expression on her face; she was frowning and squinting at me. She had a few worry lines, as if I’d spent two months at a Mission in the Amazon rainforest and not two weeks at University. 

‘Are you staying for dinner?’

‘Sure,’ I said, putting one arm around her shoulders while I hugged Erik with the other, the living picture of the happy family.

The relationship between the two of them had had its ups and downs, but now you could call it acceptable, even reasonably good. Erik treated Nicole with kindness and respect, despite the fact that she’d been against us being together in the beginning. Luckily my boyfriend had earned the same favor from my mother. 

Dinner was very pleasant. Nicole told us how the service at ER had got worse recently. They were being run off their feet, and the managers were refusing to take more staff on. It was outrageous. How inept could you get? Erik listened with obvious interest. I couldn’t tell if he was really as interested as he seemed, or if he was doing it to please my mother; in any case the evening passed by in an easy, unhurried, relaxing way. Until my mother opened Pandora’s Box. 

‘So how’s your brother?’

We were finishing the lemon pie that she’d made for dessert and her question made me choke on a piece that I’d just put in my mouth. Why was she so interested in Luke? She hadn’t asked after him once since he disappeared, and now she brings him up. 

‘He’s very well, thanks,’ said Erik curtly, but with a winning smile that took the edge off his words.

‘Give him my regards when you see him. It was so kind of him to help me the other day,’ said Nicole. My mouth dropped open. 

‘You’ve seen Luke?’ I gabbled clumsily. 

‘Yes,’ said Mom cheerfully. ‘A couple of days ago. I was getting the shopping out of the car. He was passing by and he stopped to give me a hand with the bags.’ She turned to Erik. ‘Your brother is such a sweetie. You could bring him along next time you come for dinner.’ I froze in my seat.

I didn’t dare look at my boyfriend, I didn’t dare to breathe. Luke, a sweetie? Was everyone else going crazy, or was it me? 

‘Sure, I’ll mention it next time I see him,’ said Luke almost too naturally, although his eyes darkened subtly.

I was stupefied. Erik had seen Luke. Beth had seen Luke. Even my mother had seen him! Everyone had run into him except me. Why? Did he resent me that much? Nicole’s delicious dinner began to turn sour in my stomach.

We were saying goodbye to her on the doorstep when another anonymous note took center stage.

‘By the way honey, this arrived for you the other day,’ she said, handing me a small vanilla-colored envelope. I slid it into my pants pocket without opening it. ‘Aren’t you going to see what it is?’ she asked inquisitively.

‘No, we need to be going.’ I saw the disapproval on her face. ‘I’ll read it on the way, it’s freezing out here,’ I added. 

Nicole kissed me tenderly on the cheek, then Erik. We waved goodbye as we got into the car. She stood on the doorstep in the cold of the night, waiting for the car to start up. I looked back until she was no more than a crooked shadow in the rear view mirror. 

‘Can I have the anonymous note your mother gave you?’ said Erik too sweetly, as if his tone of voice would soothe the worry I was feeling. It had exactly the opposite effect on me.

‘How do you know it’s anonymous? It might be a letter from a friend,’ I shot back, fumbling for the envelope in my tight pants pocket. 

Erik didn’t answer, but I could see him glancing at me as I tried to wrench the paper from its hiding place. I pulled it out anxiously but opened it carefully. If it was another bizarre note (which it probably was, despite having told Erik the opposite), I didn’t feel like reading it. I’d only upset myself more and make my overprotective alien boyfriend even more obsessed with keeping me safe.

My initials were scribbled on the back. This wasn’t a good omen. 

‘You’re not listening to me. I’m running out of patience. Show me how smart you are and let it go.’

I blinked in disbelief. Who would dare to interfere in my life like this? Who would try so hard to upset me with these notes as if we were in kindergarten? There was only one person capable of exasperating me and bringing out the worst in me: Luke. 

That’s why he’d come back. That’s why he hadn’t come to see me. It was his way of drawing attention to himself, making my life a misery. How could I ever have missed that ginger lowlife? Had I forgotten how many times he’d made me suffer in the past? 

Erik shifted uneasily in his seat, glancing first at the road and then at me as I lost myself in my anti-Luke theories. 

‘May I?’ he said, reaching out a hand to take the small piece of paper. I hadn’t even realized that we’d parked up in a supermarket parking lot miles from anywhere. 

‘Sure,’ I replied, handing him the note. 

His reaction wasn’t long in coming. He frowned as he read, visibly upset with a mixture of disbelief and rage. I looked for something in his eyes beyond what his face could tell me. His sea was dark, cold and deep.

It had been a long time since I’d seen his expression change like that. Luke was going to pay for his sick joke.

‘I know who’s sending these anonymous messages,’ I said suddenly, getting his immediate attention.

He looked at me as if it was the first time he’d met me. He didn’t seem able to say a word, so I went on.

‘I’m sure your darling brother is behind all this.’

Erik’s reaction wasn’t what I’d expected in the least. He started to laugh hysterically.

‘What’s so funny? I don’t think it’s funny at all,’ I grumbled.

‘It isn’t Luke, but it’s hilarious that you think it is.’

‘Really? And why’s that?’ My voice sounded shriller than usual.

Erik calmed down, recovering his composure, getting his old indifferent look back. I hated it when he did that, as if everything was settled and I was the only one who was hysterical and upset. It was really his way of letting me know that something was bothering or worrying him more than he wanted to let on, but it still irked me. Was it so difficult to have a normal conversation with him? Or even a little argument?

‘It’s funny because only a few days ago, you were desperate to see him again. You were upset that I hadn’t told you he was back and now, just like that, you diss him.’ He shook his head and smiled sadly. ‘Stella, think about it. What would Luke have to gain from sending those messages?’

‘To torture me? To make my life a misery? Get my attention?’ I spat angrily. 

‘No, honey. Luke would never do that.’ He took my hand and stroked it softly. ‘And I’m the last person who should be trying to make you think better of him, but we won’t get anywhere by blaming him. My brother is a dumbass, but I’m telling you, he didn’t write those notes. 

He fixed me with his sky-blue eyes and I knew he was right. My theory didn’t hold water. Deep down, I knew that Luke had nothing to do with my mysterious stalker. I rolled my eyes in a gesture of surrender and Erik’s lips curled into a smile when he saw I was beaten. He leaned over me and pressed his warm lips against mine. I melted into his kiss, savouring the taste of his mouth, my body trembling from the electric current which shot through every part of me, filling me with life and passion.

I’d forgotten where we were and what we were doing there. I could only feel the warmth that was eating me up inside, consuming my entire being. His lips drew away from mine, then he kissed down my neck. I couldn’t speak or think, only feel. And I was feeling a lot at that moment. His hands slid down the back of my neck, tracing the line of my shoulders, and down onto my back; the hairs on my skin stood up with pleasure as he caressed me. I grasped his hair urgently and kissed him again, pulling myself up astride him, carried away by the emotions I was feeling. I wanted to go all the way to the end, here and now. I had no other thought but to give myself completely to the desire which had taken over every inch of my body.

The cell phone rang. I paid no attention to it. But Erik did, and despite my objections he pulled away a little and reached over to the back seat and handed me my bag, where my phone seemed like it was about to explode judging by the shrill, insistent ringtone. I didn’t even bother to see who was responsible for the worst-timed phone call of my life. 

‘Yes?’ I snapped breathlessly.

‘Stella, it’s Beth.’ I could hardly make out what she was saying because of all the background noise.

‘Great timing,’ I blurted without thinking; Erik’s lips formed a mischievous smile then touched my neck to continue my delicious torture. ‘What do you want?’ I whispered.

I didn’t want a long conversation right then. I wanted to go on enjoying the sweet excitement of Erik’s kisses. 

‘Are you going to be long?’

‘I’m not sure, Beth, we’ve just come out. So what’s the rush? You’re never at home this time of day.’ I was getting annoyed at her for beating around the bush. She was hiding something, that much was obvious. 

‘Luke’s here,’ she said suddenly, letting the cat out of the bag.

I froze. That, I wasn’t expecting. All my anger vanished and my body turned into a block of glacial ice. 

Erik sensed the change in me; he stopped kissing me and stared.

‘What did you say?’ I murmured.

‘I said your little brother-in-law is here, sitting on the sofa, waiting for you guys to come back.’ She paused and I could hear her sighing and lowering her voice until it became no more than a whisper. ‘Don’t get me wrong, it’s not me who wants you to come home, you can stay out all night while I take care of this red-haired hunk. The worst thing is he won’t stop going on about how he has to talk to you two, how if I didn’t call you he’d leave, and you know I don’t want that.’ 

I was in a daze. ‘Tell him not to move, we’ll be right there,’ I managed to say.

Erik was still frowning at me. You could tell from a mile off that he was making a Herculean effort not to tear the phone from my hands to find out what was upsetting me so much. 

‘Fine, I’ll tell him you’re on your way but just between the two of us, you don’t need to hurry too much, ok?’ she said with a mildly hysterical laugh.

I hung up without really knowing what was going on. I’d never seen – or heard - Beth so nervous. Although I had to admit that Luke did have the gift of unnerving people.

‘What’s going on?’

“Damn, this evening was shaping up so nicely”, I thought, feeling the coldness that had come over the two of us again.

‘That was Beth. She says Luke is waiting for us at home and he needs to talk to us.’

My voice sounded robotic. I recited what Beth had said to put Erik in the picture, but he was still taking it in. What was supposed to be a night of passion with my boyfriend had totally gone south. But I was going to see Luke at last, and I couldn’t understand why the prospect was bothering me so much. I felt the cold seep under my skin when he took his arm away. Quickly, wordlessly, he started the car up and we sped off down the road. 

On the way, I turned my relationship with Erik over in my mind. On a very few occasions we’d given ourselves over to our passion like tonight. Erik couldn’t bear the notion that I might think he wanted to take advantage of me, as he’d done before with so many girls. I knew he wasn’t like that, of course, but he kept torturing himself with a strange obsession: to show me that he’d changed. Although lately I had seen a change in him. He seemed far away from me. Quite a few times I’d seen him staring into the distance. He never wanted to talk about what was on his mind when that happened, and I didn’t like it. On those occasions when our embraces became something more passionate, he always found the perfect excuse to put an end to them. I felt rejected, as if he didn’t seem to want to let me completely into his life. And that hurt. But I knew it was just a matter of time. It wasn’t easy for him to change his life, his habits and his way of thinking overnight. Kaelians weren’t brought up to enjoy love and unbridled passion.

The problem was that we couldn’t talk about it. Erik just plain refused to talk about what he was afraid of, and I could only go on guessing what it was. 

So I had conflicting feelings. I felt loved and rejected by the same person. 

I watched him as he was driving. His hair, streaked with gold as we passed under the streetlights, framed a face that any artist would have died to paint, sculpt or photograph. He was beauty personified. Pure perfection. Sensing my gaze, he turned to look at me and my heart reacted, pounding wildly. Erik had the ability to kiss with a look, and I lived for those heavenly kisses. 

‘Don’t worry about a thing, you know how theatrical Luke is,’ he whispered, taking my hand as he turned his attention back to the road. 

‘I’m not worried about him, I’m worried about you.’

‘About me?’ He sounded only mildly curious; he knew what I was going to say next but was pretending he didn’t. 

‘You’re not being straight with me. Sometimes I think you’re holding out on me.’

I’d finally come out with what had been running around my head for so many days. I glanced at him, feeling my cheeks going red. 

‘I don’t understand why you’re saying that, I’ve just got a lot of things on my mind.’ His tone of voice didn’t match what he was saying. Erik was trying to seem more relaxed than he really was.

‘Things that you’re not going to tell me, right?’

‘You don’t let go, do you? There’s nothing wrong, and I’m not hiding anything, okay? This is ridiculous. You’re never going to trust me.’

“No, don’t clam up on me again,” I thought, but I couldn’t say it out loud.

‘I want to believe you, but you’re not making it easy for me,’ I said after a slight pause.

He looked at me pleadingly and I gave in to his deep blue gaze.

‘Let’s just leave it, ok?’ I said.

What I really wanted to do was get things straight and put an end to all my doubts, but I didn’t want to keep playing cat and mouse. In any case, one thing was clear: I was right. I wasn’t fooling myself any more. I knew he was hiding something and I was sure that Luke’s change of plan in coming to see me had something to do with his brother’s hidden thoughts.









Luke


“After a certain age, pride and prudence teach us not to insist on the very things we most ardently desire.”

Marcel Proust





It was midnight when Erik parked up outside the building where I shared an apartment with Beth. A dense silence, full of unexpressed feelings, had traveled with us the rest of the way.

I climbed anxiously up to the first floor. The palm of my hand was sweaty and slippery, evidence of my unease at the prospect of seeing Luke again. Erik stopped dead at the chipped, peeling door which stood between us and the occupants inside, and looked at me with more concern than he would have admitted. 

‘Are you okay?’ he asked, taking my head and tilting his head to get me to look at him.

‘I think so,’ I answered uncertainly, avoiding his gaze so he wouldn’t know what I was really thinking.

I felt like fainting. I had no idea how Luke would react when he saw me, and that was what scared me most. My hand shaking, I put the key in the lock. It took me several tries, then the door creaked open, announcing our arrival. Erik went in behind me, still holding my hand. 

‘What the hell kept you?’ cried Beth, walking past us with a knowing wink. She was no doubt delighted that we’d taken so long in getting there. 

‘Your brother’s been waiting for quite a while,’ she said to Erik.

Before we could open our mouths, Luke appeared at Beth’s bedroom door. She hadn’t wasted any time, by the looks of it. Who knows what he was doing in there.

‘About time, lovebirds,’ he mocked. ‘What’s up, Stella? Are you just going to stand there or are you going to say hello nicely just for once?’ I couldn’t help smiling. He hadn’t changed one little bit.

He was the same red-haired, cheeky teaser as ever. I was happy to see that my fears were unfounded and that he didn’t hold anything against me. I let go of Erik’s hand and ran to Luke, throwing my arms around his neck, clinging tightly to him. 

‘I’m so happy you’re back,’ I whispered. 

‘Me too. I’m sorry I didn’t come to see you before, I’ve been kind of busy,’ he breathed in my ear. 

I freed myself from his embrace, took his hand and pulled him to the dining room sofa, with Erik and Beth close behind. 

‘I was so upset when I found out you were here and hadn’t come to see me,’ I blurted out without thinking. His turquoise eyes darkened slightly, a sign of the answer to come. 

‘I didn’t know if you wanted to see me, so I thought I’d test the water first; and when I found out that you can’t live without me and you’re simply dying to have me around, I decided to come and say hi.’

His lips curled into that mischievous, sensual smile that I remembered so well. I hit him on the arm as a protest at what he’d just said. 

‘I wouldn’t go that far,’ said Erik, sitting next to me and slipping his arm around my shoulders. There he was, the alpha male marking his territory. In this case, me.

I gave him a reproachful frown. This wasn’t the time for shows of jealousy. But when I met his sky- blue gaze, I was surprised to see a different, dark look in his eyes, like before, which I didn’t like at all. I turned to look at Luke and saw the same fleeting look in his eyes. Neither of them said a word. They didn’t need to. I knew they’d just shared a thought between them thanks to the telepathic ability which all Kaelians have to be able to communicate with each other, and by the look of it they wanted to hide it from me and Beth. They had it coming, the two of them. I knew something was up with Erik, and the last thing I needed was for my suspicions to be confirmed in his brother’s darkening eyes. 

We sat on the sofa for hours. I watched the dawn break lazily through the curtains and the brightening sky streaked everything pink and grey.

Beth was curled up on the armchair. I’d done my best to include her in the conversation, but in the end it was too tedious for her and she’d fallen asleep. I wasn’t surprised that she’d chosen to stay up with us, in spite of the boredom; you could tell from a mile off that she’d do just about anything to be more than just friends with Luke. And if that meant listening for hours to the never-ending tales of his travels, Beth would grin and bear it. I assumed that was why she chose to go to sleep in an uncomfortable position on the armchair instead of going to bed, the more sensible option.

‘I don’t think she can hear us now,’ I remarked when I heard Beth’s slow, regular breathing. 

‘Even so, I’d prefer not to talk about certain matters in front of strangers,’ said Luke.

‘She isn’t a stranger,’ I objected.

‘Luke’s right, best not take risks,’ replied Erik, looking at me tenderly.

I couldn’t resist that blue ice melting in my eyes and nodded in agreement, taking Erik’s hand as we stood up and walked into the little kitchen, looking for some privacy. He put one strong arm around my waist and pulled me close.  A shiver ran through me, making me tremble inside and giving me goose-bumps. How did he do it? When would I get used to the butterflies fluttering every time my angel touched me?

‘Hey! I need a little affection too,’ protested Luke, coming towards us. 

‘Three’s a crowd,’ said Erik drily.

‘Down, tiger,’ replied Luke, raising his hands in a gesture of surrender. ‘I was just kidding.’ He shot me a dangerous look. 

He wasn’t kidding at all. I could see it in his eyes. Luke was back, with all that meant.

We sat down at the wooden table that Beth and I used to have breakfast and gossip. We used to call it ‘Confidential Corner’, and it was about to live up to its name. 

‘So come on, tell me what you’ve really been up to all this time,’ I asked, breaking the awkward silence that had grown around us. 

‘Here and there. Asking around, searching, investigating, tying up loose ends,’ he answered, which didn’t make things any clearer. 

‘Well, I hope it was fun at least,’ I said, knowing that he wasn’t going to go into any more detail.

‘Interesting more than fun, I’d say.’

‘So how long are you going to be around for?’ asked Erik, changing the subject in a less than friendly tone, as if what he really wanted to know was when Luke would be leaving. He was making it clear that he had no interest in a long, lasting relationship with his brother.

‘As long as it takes,’ Luke answered, hinting at something. 

‘You stay as long as you need, you know you’re welcome here,’ I said firmly, in a feeble attempt to break the tension which was starting to build between them. 

I decided to go back to square one with Luke, seeing as Erik didn’t seem too willing to talk to his brother.

‘You still haven’t told me what brought you here.’

‘Work,’ he said bluntly.

If he thought I was going to settle for that, he didn’t know me very well. 

‘What kind of work? Still duping girls to get benefits on the side, are we?’

He knew what my question meant. Since Erik had risked his life to save mine, he’d become a sort of renegade to his civilization, trying to go unnoticed, living like a normal human being and not bound by his superiors’ orders; but I hadn’t heard anything about Luke until now. Maybe he was still doing the same repulsive work, seducing teenage girls, getting them pregnant and using their stem cells to prolong Kaelian lives. 

‘I’m not going to tell you what I’m working on at the moment because if I told you, I’d have to kill you,’ he said, his lips even colder than his eyes.

‘What B-movie did you get that from?’ I asked, trying to hide the knot that was forming in the pit of my stomach.

Luke looked at me threateningly. He still enjoyed the power he had over me. Erik’s arm tensed around my shoulders. It was obvious that his brother’s comment about me dying had amused him about as much as putting a wasp’s nest down his pants. 

‘You’re impossible. We had to leave the living room to get away from Beth, and that’s all you have to say?’ I grumbled, rolling my eyes to calm things down a little. ‘Anyway, I think it’s time for bed; I have class in a few hours and I don’t want to fall asleep at my desk.’

‘Good idea. Luke, I’ll show you out,’ said Erik getting up quickly and gesturing his brother to follow him. ‘I’ll be right back to say goodnight,’ he said, leaning over me to kiss me on the cheek.

‘Well, as I won’t be back, at least not tonight,’ said Luke coming over to me and resting his face against mine. ‘Goodnight Stella,’ he whispered in my ear; ‘sweet dreams… well, you know who to have sweet dreams about.’

I felt breathless and my pulse was racing. My body had no will of its own, I was at his mercy. He’d done it again. He’d hypnotized me. Another wonderful quality that the Kaelian race possessed. He pulled away from me and I was suddenly plunged back into reality. 

‘Let’s go,’ said Erik behind me as I tried to muster the little calmness I had left in me.

I watched them go out of the little kitchen. Erik was holding Luke by the arm, a little too forcefully judging by the whiteness of his knuckles. They were probably having a mental argument which I’d never know anything about. I listened to see if I could hear some kind of goodbye and check what terms they were on, but I couldn’t. All I heard was the door closing and footsteps hurrying towards me.

‘You still here?’ said Erik, using all his usual sweetness, something that I’d missed all night. 

‘I was waiting for you,’ I answered, standing up to put my arms around his neck. ‘Don’t you think you were a little short with your brother?’ 

I didn’t like having to defend Luke from Erik, but this time I wasn’t trying to make peace between them but rather to find out why he’d been so tense recently. 

‘Don’t worry about him, he didn’t take it badly,’ he said, as if the subject was closed.

Months ago, before Luke disappeared, it seemed that things had been smoothed over between the two of them, that they could both be in the same room without biting each other. But now it looked like they were at it again. Luke hounding me and Erik going wild because of his red-haired brother’s shamelessness. And once again I was between a rock and a hard place. Although there was one thing that I hadn’t had to worry about before, and that was Beth. 

Erik drew me close to him and began to caress my back with his warm hands. 

‘You’d better go to bed,’ he said, kissing me on the forehead.

‘We’d better go to bed,’ I corrected him, with an unconvincing smile which stretched into a badly-timed yawn.

‘Don’t push your luck,’ he breathed, caressing my ear with his lips. ‘See you tomorrow, beautiful.’

‘But…’ He didn’t let me finish my sentence, sealing my lips with a slow, soft, delicious kiss.

I got feverish every time I tasted his sweet lips. Sleep had just disappeared from my list of priorities; I just wanted to be with him. To spend the night together, make leisurely love, fall asleep in each other’s arms. But Erik, for better or worse, was still bound by reasoning above all else. He pulled slowly away from me. My body cried out against the distance that had come between us.

‘Goodnight Stella,’ he said, caressing my cheek, his fingers brushing my reddened skin. 

My poor heart knew of no greater pleasure than his kisses and caresses. I gave up objecting and accepted that tonight wasn’t going to be the night.

‘Goodnight Erik.’

The door closed behind him and another yawn told me it was time to go to bed and stop turning things over in my head.












Lies


“The liar has two ills: he neither believes, nor is believed.”

Baltasar Gracián





I almost fell into the deepest of sleeps against the coarse, hard wooden surface that serves as a desk during today’s last class. I’d slept for maybe two or three hours before I went to school, and although the day didn’t begin badly, after all those never-ending explanations about anatomy and biochemistry my resistance had crumbled.

Beth was sitting next to me, head in the palms of her hands, looking no better than me. As if to confirm this, she gave an enormous yawn. She hadn’t slept well either, or so it seemed. The ancient wingchair, property of the apartment’s former tenants, wasn’t exactly a featherbed. Beth stretched her arms above her head like a lazy cat while I and half the class watched her with smiles etched on our faces. Didn’t she mind what Professor Jamison might think? The answer was pretty obvious. No.

‘Cut it out,’ I said, beginning to get embarrassed myself.

Seeing her so apathetic and uninterested had woken me up suddenly, tensing my poor tired eyelids to keep them open without too much effort.

‘What’s eating you? I’m out on my feet, this class is totally boring, and I can’t understand a thing this uptight old buzzard is saying,’ she whispered, making me stifle a laugh.

‘Come on, not long to go now,’ I murmured, aware that Professor Jamison was looking at us. 

‘Miss Preston, would you be so kind as to share with the rest of us what is evidently so interesting that you cannot wait until after my exposition to tell your classmate?’ said the old academic, raising an eyebrow in obvious satisfaction at catching us red-handed.

I knew how much he hated it when his students had something better to do than pay him full attention. I swallowed hard and decided to rummage around in my excellent memory for some fragment of his tedious little epilogue.

‘I was asking her for the name of the book that you said we should use to study protein synthesis,’ I replied in a very controlled voice.

He seemed to lighten up straight away. The lines on Mr Jamison’s face, usually like a ploughed field, relaxed a little and his expression brightened without actually looking anything like friendly.

‘I shall write it on the board in case any more of you find yourselves in need of this information and are inclined to interrupt the class and therefore not pay full attention.’ He turned to the board and I was free from his glaring. 

I breathed a sigh of relief; my little ploy had worked. Beth elbowed me and gave me a broad smile. The bell for the end of this awful class had just rung. It was always the same. They never caught my friend, but I always fell into the clutches of some Professor or other. I thought I’d be freer at University, that I could go unnoticed in class especially where the teachers were concerned, but no way. My paradise of freedom didn’t exist.

It had taken me ages to decide which college course to do. To be honest, I wasn’t even sure that I wanted to go on studying at all. In the end, I’d chosen Human Biology. I wasn’t sure if it was my true calling, but since I’d got to know Erik and the way he was, I felt a special interest in getting to know my own nature and so bring our two species even closer together. It might even help us in our efforts to find a cure for the disease that was threatening their survival. I had a long University course stretching out in front of me which, if the first few months were anything to go by, was not going to be easy.

We left the circular building and headed for a café crammed full of hungry students.

‘I need information,’ said Beth, out of the blue.

We were sitting at a small table by the window, watching people going about their daily business. Only the occasional lost tourist allowed themselves the luxury of stopping to look cheerfully around at the different shapes and colours of the buildings. 

‘What kind of information?’ 

‘The Luke/hot guy kind. I want all the gory details!’

I smiled quietly at Beth’s frankly excessive interest in Luke while she busied herself squeezing what was left of the ketchup onto her sandwich. 

‘Dammit!’ she hissed, battering the plastic bottle, ‘there’s no more left. Waiter!’ she hollered, holding up the bottle to tell him to bring another one. 

‘Good God! How can you eat that with so much ketchup on it?!’

‘What are you talking about, there’s still room for more,’ she replied, showing me the mess of bread, lettuce and tuna swimming in tomato sauce. ‘Stop beating about the bush and tell me something interesting.’ 

I pitied her; she didn’t know what she was asking. She had no idea of what I knew about Luke, or that I’d never tell her a thing, even under torture. I didn’t want that red-haired show-off to make her suffer. 

‘That information is classified,’ I said, playing it cool.

‘Come on! Don’t be mean, talk to me! I need to know more about him; I can’t sleep, I can’t eat…’ she whined, taking an enormous bite out of her sandwich, spilling sauce all over the table. 

‘Yeah right, looks like you’ve really lost your appetite. Better give that to me so it doesn’t go to waste!’ I teased, tugging at her sandwich although I had no intention of eating such a disgusting mess. 

‘Hey! Don’t touch my food or I’ll bite your hand off!’ she said, slapping me on the wrist. 

‘See? You’re not half as interested as you’d like me to think.’

She put on her good little girl face.

‘Please, tell me something, have a little pity. I’m dying for love of him, be nice and smooth the way for me, okay?’ she pouted.

I sighed loudly and sat back in the wooden chair.

‘His name is Luke and he’s Erik’s twin brother. They arrived from Iceland last year. Erik came to our school to finish his studies and Luke came to mooch around as far as I can see, because he doesn’t work or study or anything. He lives off the money his parents send him. He’s a spoilt child if you ask me. As you can see, he’s no angel. As well as being arrogant, conceited, shallow and a total Don Juan.’ I paused for breath. I’d spouted the official version without stopping. 

‘Wow, I can see he’s really impressed you.’

‘What? Didn’t you hear a word I just said? I don’t even like the guy.’

That wasn’t true, but the last thing Beth needed was to hear about Luke’s good side or about my strange relationship with him. 

‘Well in that case there’s something I don’t get. If you dislike him so much, why did you react like you did when I told you I’d met him?’ she challenged me. 

‘I had a blackout. Nothing to do with Luke. Pure coincidence,’ I lied.

‘What about last night?’ she smiled as if she’d cornered me. 

I smiled back. I wanted to look relaxed and unconcerned but this little chat was getting out of hand. I sighed and rolled my eyes, giving the impression that I was more bored than worried, when really the opposite was the case. 

‘I was only nice to him because of Erik; he’s his brother, the only family he’s got around here. I didn’t want them being pushed apart because of me.’

So many lies were burning my tongue. They just kept on bubbling up one after another since I’d met my alien angel. If Beth found out that I was the reason why Luke had disappeared, she’d tear her hair out. I had to lie. Although was I really lying? They say that lying is not telling the truth to someone who has a right to know it. Did Beth have that right? No she didn’t; or at least that’s what I wanted to think, just to calm my conscience at telling such a bunch of lies to my best friend. 

Beth rested her chin on her hand, lost in thought. She stared at me, observing me until I started to feel uncomfortable. Her lips curled upwards in a poor attempt at a smile.

‘You’re lying, and don’t even think of making excuses.’ She had a treacherous look in her eyes and her voice had dropped almost to a whisper. ‘If you thought you could fool me into forgetting about Scandinavian hot guy number two, you’ve got another think coming. Either there’s something really sinister that you don’t want to tell me, or maybe you’re just jealous?’

‘Thank heavens you’ve had one lucid moment!’ I bit back.

‘As far as I can see, my whole life has been a chain of lucid moments like this, you can see from miles off that I’m right whether you want to admit it or not,’ she said, leaning back in her chair with an air of satisfaction.

I shifted uneasily and glanced at my watch. 

‘I reckon it’s time to go back to class and stop rambling.’

‘You do realize that behaving like that only makes me more curious, don’t you?’

‘And you realize, don’t you, that I’m about to dump you as a friend?’ I replied, softening the tone and bringing the conversation back onto safer ground.

I stood up and so did Beth. I went up to her and slipped one arm around her shoulders, taking advantage of my height. 

‘Don’t keep on. There’s nothing to tell. I can arrange a dinner for you and Luke; then you can ask him about all this yourself.’

Beth looked at me in raptures. I knew it wasn’t right, but at that moment I thought that meeting up like this might be good for both of them. When all was said and done, they were made for each other. They both needed bringing down a peg or two. The idea started taking shape more and more clearly in my mind. My boyfriend was going to kill me when he found out. 

‘I’ll tell Erik to invite his little brother to dinner this Saturday. He and I will do the cooking, while you use your charms on our guest.’ I smiled to myself, imagining the scene.

‘Awesome! I like this Stella much more!’ she declared, hugging me.


The week went by slowly and wearily, between classes and fleeting encounters with my angel. Our exams were just around the corner. Studying should have been my top priority, but how could I concentrate on different forms of unicellular life when I had my demigod with the sea-deep, ice-blue penetrating eyes gazing at me? Impossible. And in the end, like always, I ended up doing what I shouldn’t, leaving my books to one side and making my boyfriend my priority. I was lucky that Erik was a great help for my dull mind. What I lacked in dedication, he made up for with his explanations. What had I done in this life to deserve such a gift from heaven?

Erik reacted to my plan for the weekend the way I’d figured he would. He didn’t like the idea one little bit. He point blank refused at first then gave in when Beth and I begged him endlessly to say yes. Beth couldn’t understand why he was so reluctant to invite his brother to dinner. Even so, we managed to get him to pass the message on and he was the one who told us that Luke had accepted the invitation. Erik even quoted Luke’s exact words, not without a certain irony: he ‘couldn’t wait to come to dinner.’





































The dinner


“Jealousy, at any rate, is one of the consequences of love; you may like it or not, at pleasure, but there it is…”

Robert Louis Stevenson





‘Beth! For God’s sake! You want to get out of there already? I have an urgent appointment with the toilet!’ I hollered, crossing my legs as I stood outside the bathroom door.

She’d been in there for more than two hours, and either she came out nicely or I’d knock down the door and throw her out. I heard the lock slide open and a cloud of steam which had misted up all the bathroom tiles greeted me as I went in.

‘About time too,’ I muttered, sitting quickly on the toilet. 

‘No need to be so touchy, I’ve only been in here two minutes and look how you get. I hate to think what you’ll be like when you get old. Just as well you won’t be my mother-in-law,’ she chirped, then walked out, leaving me hanging.

Truth be told, she was partly right. Maybe she hadn’t been in there for two hours, but ‘two minutes’ wasn’t right either. I had to admit that I was nervous because my radiant boyfriend and his attractive brother would soon turn up at the door. I wasn’t worried about the dinner itself, what concerned me was how Luke was going to react to Beth’s advances. Deep down, I hoped that he wouldn’t take a blind bit of notice. I shook my head to erase that last thought. I was being selfish. I had Erik, my dream come true, but I didn’t want Luke to have a crush on someone else. Was it normal to think like that? No; but could you call his brother, or the things that had been happening lately, normal either? The answer was no. 

I picked up my make-up kit; I wanted to fix myself up a little. I put a little rouge on my cheeks and rounded things off with a touch of mascara. I glanced at Beth in the mirror. She looked like a cover model. She knew how to make herself up, without going over the top but bringing out all her natural beauty. She was really beautiful and the clothes she’d chosen – a short, clingy black dress with a polo-neck, incredibly high-heeled silver shoes with matching belt which accentuated her slim figure – made her look even lovelier. I felt a stab of jealousy. If Luke took a good look at her, just for a few seconds, he’d forget about me instantly. And so what? Why was I so possessive about Luke? He wasn’t my boyfriend, nor did I want him to be; but I didn’t want to see him with Beth either, and I couldn’t find a rational explanation for that. I took a last look at myself. I didn’t look too bad either.

I went to my room and changed clothes, throwing my frayed tracksuit on the bed. I chose chocolate-colored tights, a long sweater of the same color and a lighter-toned leather belt which rested on my hips. Not bad. Not bad at all. I wasn’t Beth, but I liked what I saw. I finished things off with a pair of long boots the same color as the belt. 

The doorbell rang as I was taking a last look in the closet mirror. I raced out of the bedroom and the last thing I saw was Beth’s approving look from the hall. I didn’t doll myself up very often, although she was always telling me that I should. I ran alongside her to welcome our guests. Beth winked at me and opened the door. 

‘Hi,’ said the twins almost in unison. I almost fainted at the sight of the two of them, both so attractive, standing in the doorway. 

‘Wow, you both look so handsome!’ answered Beth, without a shade of embarrassment. I imagined that ‘handsome’ was the decaf version of what was really going through her mind. 

‘So do you two,’ said my angel, gazing at me. 

I took his hand and led him inside. Luke followed behind wordlessly. Beth wedged herself onto the sofa next to Luke, who glared at us when he saw that Erik and I were going into the kitchen to put the finishing touches to the dinner. 

‘Looks like Beth’s all tooled up and ready for the chase,’ chuckled Erik.

‘I reckon that’s the plan, although I can’t say I’m too keen on her getting involved with Luke,’ I replied too honestly, more than was called for as now I’d have to explain in more detail. I knew it before Erik asked me.

‘Why does that bother you so much? They’re free to do what they want, and besides, this little get-together was your idea in the first place.’ There was a touch of unease in his voice, or so I thought.

‘I’m not bothered. In fact, nothing bothers me. All I said was I don’t want Beth falling in love with your brother. You know what Luke’s like, he’ll use her and before she knows it he’ll disappear and hang her out to dry.’

‘And you know what Beth’s like. Don’t try to make out that she’s some kind of victim of love,’ he countered, knocking my argument flat. 

‘Yes, I know…’ Boy, did I know. Beth had used just about every guy she’d ever been interested in. She didn’t seem to be the stereotypical innocent, unknowing teenager that Luke could fool easily. Even so, I had to defend her because after all she was my friend; ‘… but she’s human, with feelings that could make her vulnerable to someone like Luke,’ I replied. I didn’t know how to get out of the quagmire that I’d gotten myself into. My cheeks began to go red.

‘You know very well that Luke isn’t what he used to be; he’s discovered those feelings too, and he’s vulnerable as well. You should remember that better than anyone. Who’s to say that he won’t be the one who gets hurt when Beth loses interest?’

I had the vague impression that Erik was testing me. Stupid jealousy. Of course I remembered the change that Luke had gone through. Before, he was a cold, calculating, cynical, manipulative alien; now, he was just a cynical, manipulative alien. But, seeing how things were, I didn’t want to keep raking over the past with Erik. It only made us fight, and that was the last thing I felt like doing.

‘Why do we have to argue about other people’s problems? Come here and give me a kiss, maybe then I’ll forgive you,’ I replied, ending the conversation.

Erik came over to me, looking at me with that blue sea which flooded my eyes completely, making me lose sight of the world and everything in it; I felt unique, special and above all, loved.

We kissed tenderly and passionately, as if it were our first. Both of us with the same need. It was amazing how my body tingled when I felt his hot, sweet lips on mine. I would never get tired of moments like this. Or any other moment with him. He pulled away slightly from me to run his lips over my cheek and down my neck. I closed my eyes and gave in to the incredible sensation that we were both floating overhead.

‘I hope I’m not interrupting.’

Luke’s voice brought me back down to earth with a jolt. I freed myself from Erik’s embrace a little too quickly, noticing the annoyance on his face; he stopped kissing me, but didn’t let me go. He looked over my shoulder and an awkward moment of silence followed between them. I could have bet an arm and a leg (and I wouldn’t have lost them) that they were saying whatever they wanted to each other; only that I wouldn’t know because their conversation was mental rather than verbal. I decided to get some attention seeing as they were ignoring me.

‘Whatever it is you’re saying, I want to know.’

‘No need,’ said Erik without shifting his gaze from his brother, ‘It’s just more of the same.’

‘Luke, please,’ I begged, not knowing what I was asking for. 

‘What do you want me to say? You two could cool it a little, couldn’t you? I’m starving, in every sense of the word.’ He smiled mischievously with a wink in my direction, to my embarrassment and Erik’s exasperation. ‘Will dinner be long? After all that’s what we’ve come for, isn’t it? Because if it isn’t, I might want to change partners.’

Erik was about to explode, I could feel his arms tensing around me. I intervened before things got out of hand.

‘Cut it out and go and sit at the table with Beth. Dinner’s ready. Go on, move it!’ I ordered with a wave of the hand to get him out of the kitchen.

Luckily, Luke did as he was told and Erik relaxed a little. 

‘Help me take this to the table, will you? And I’m asking you as well: try to behave like grown-ups and not a pair of children, okay? Let’s have dinner in peace. 

‘I’ll try,’ he replied but I wasn’t totally convinced.

Contrary to what I’d imagined, dinner was going well; everything was amazingly normal. Luke seemed relaxed and cheerful. You could even say he was being friendly when he talked to his brother. Beth laughed at everything he said, although he didn’t pay the slightest attention to her. I tried to talk to Luke and Erik without leaving Beth out of the conversation, which wasn’t easy. In fact it was quite impossible. But the evening had gone so well up to now that I didn’t want it to finish like that. Beth’s constant flattering of Luke would have consequences and, as expected, he flew at her.

‘Could you just forget about me, let’s say for the rest of your life, which at this rate won’t be long?’ he snarled, shooting her an angry look.

‘If you keep looking at me like that, it’ll be you who never forgets what I’m going to do to you tonight,’ she countered provocatively.

I felt my face flush, even though it wasn’t me who’d said it. I felt embarrassed for Beth. I looked at her pleadingly, begging her not to go down that road.

‘I think I’ve had quite enough for one evening, you’re beginning to annoy me,’ said Luke wearily. ‘Keep it for some smalltown hick, I could have any girl I wanted just by clicking my fingers.’ And after launching into that barrage of rudeness, he simply ran his fingers through his hair and leaned back in his chair.

Uh-oh.

Erik and I looked at each other, knowing what was coming. Luke had gone way too far, and Beth wasn’t going to let it go. She was the type to rise to occasions like this. 

‘Aw, poor deluded lamebrain, he believes his own fantasies. You’ve never had anyone like me in your life you numbskull, but you’ll be sorry; and when you come crawling to me for another chance, which I won’t give you, don’t say I didn’t warn you.’

Luke rolled his eyes, his way of saying that this verbal war was over. A thick, tense silence settled over the small dining room. 

‘Well, I see you’ve finally met your match,’ said Erik, breaking the silence.

‘I met my match a while ago,’ he replied, fixing me with an icy look then slowly turning to his brother. ‘Trouble is, it was already taken.’

Erik tensed. For a moment I thought he was going to throw himself at Luke and tear his head off. He didn’t. Not because he didn’t want to, from the way his fists and jaws were clenched, but out of respect for me. 

‘I think we can safely say that this delightful evening is at an end,’ grunted Luke, making like he was ready to leave.

‘Nobody wants you here, so you can go whenever you like, I reckon,’ said Beth. I was stunned. 

Where was all that niceness and sensuality that she’d been oozing all evening? Luke had definitely touched a raw nerve, and this wasn’t the end of it. 

The doorbell surprised all four of us.

‘Who can that be?’ said Beth, scraping her chair on the wooden floor as she got up. 

‘Are you expecting anyone?’ asked Erik suspiciously.

‘Not that I know of,’ I replied, watching my friend making her way to the door. Maybe she’d invited somebody and then completely forgotten about it. You never knew with Beth. 

She came back with an envelope in her hand. 

‘It’s for you,’ she said, turning it over and looking at it curiously. ‘Who can it be from?’ There’s no return address, and anyway who sends letters these days when we’ve got Whatsapp and Messenger?’

‘If you give it to me, maybe I can tell you,’ I answered, snatching the envelope from her as she was about to open it. ‘Do you mind if I open it?’ I snapped. 

‘Touchy! Anyone would think it was from the President or something.’

I opened it and straight away I recognized the familiar handwriting on the note that I’d grabbed from my interfering friend.

Erik shifted uneasily in his chair opposite me while I read the words scribbled on the small piece of paper. The message was similar to the others; undecipherable, making no sense to me.

‘This isn’t working; you’re not listening to me. This isn’t turning out well at all. I have to talk to you in person, it’s urgent. Your life depends on you trusting me. Meet me tomorrow at four pm at the gates to the University. I’ll find you. Come alone.’

I froze. The piece of paper trembled in my hand like an autumn leaf about to fall from the tree. Someone was sending me warnings of the most bizarre kind, and now they wanted to meet me in person. A deep, visceral fear made my stomach churn. 

‘Stella, what is it?’ asked Erik, obviously worried.

‘I… I don’t… know’ I stammered.

‘Let me see,’ said my angel, getting up and rushing over to me.

I felt calmer in his arms. Erik reached out gently and took the note from me, although my fingers didn’t seem to want to let go of it.

He read it and quickly turned to look at his brother, hiding his eyes from me, avoiding my gaze. Luke jumped up and came over. 

‘Give it to me,’ he snapped, grabbing the note from Erik’s hand. ‘This is crazy,’ he said without even looking at me; ‘She can’t go.’

‘No, of course she can’t,’ agreed Erik. 

Why was it that whenever they agreed about something, I disagreed? A reflex action? Was I tired of being overprotected? I don’t know; but I was determined to keep the appointment. 

‘Since when have you two decided what I should and shouldn’t do? I want to go; no, I’m going to go and see what Mr Anonymous has to say once and for all,’ I declared, trying to show a little more conviction than I felt. Although I was sure of what I ought to do, I was overcome by the fear of what I might find tomorrow. 

‘We don’t know anything about the person who wrote these notes. It might be a psycho, or some prankster who wants to play some kind of practical joke on you. And I don’t care which one of the two it is,’ said Erik confidently. ‘But we’re not going to risk finding out. You’re better off not going.’

‘Maybe, but it’s my life and I decide what I do with it. I want to go,’ I blurted, then saw the look of horror on both their faces. 

‘This girl’s cheese just fell off her cracker,’ mumbled Luke. Erik raised his hands then let them fall in exasperation, like someone who knows that the battle is lost. 

I was about to answer him when Beth butted in, a little upset. 

‘Hello? I’m still here. Does somebody want to explain what’s going on? Am I the only one who doesn’t know what’s happening?’

‘You don’t know what’s going on, period,’ replied Luke with his customary non-existent sensitivity.

‘Oh, I’m sure you do, don’t you, macho man?’ Beth’s voice dripped irony.

‘Naturally,’ replied Luke. 

‘Well you wouldn’t know it; that pathetic little play you made for Stella a while ago made it clear that you don’t get the fact that she’d rather chew glass than have anything to do with you.’ 

The three of us just stood there staring at her. I got the impression that the parallel world that I’d built around Erik and Luke was about to come crashing down. At this rate, Beth would end up knowing everything pretty soon.

I laughed hollowly to relieve the tension, as if Beth had made some kind of bad joke. 


‘I’m out of here,’ said Luke, snatching his jacket from the back of the chair, making it stagger but not fall. ‘I’ve had enough of other people’s stupidity for one day.’

‘I’ll go with you,’ said my boyfriend hurriedly.

I knew why he was in such a hurry to go with his brother. I was sure they were going to hatch a plan to stop me from making my strange appointment.

‘Bye Erik,’ said Beth, ignoring Luke; she turned on her heels and disappeared into her room. 

I went over to Erik and leaned my body into his, sliding my arms around his neck and bringing his mouth towards mine. Luke cleared his throat, spoiling the moment. We kissed each other quickly on the lips. Just the briefest of touches that felt like reluctance. Erik pulled away from my embrace a little quicker than I would have liked but I said nothing and sighed.

‘Goodbye Stella,’ he whispered in my ear.

‘Goodbye,’ I murmured softly.

The door closed behind them, leaving me with a hollow feeling in the pit of my stomach. There was more to this than they were telling me. The anonymous notes were no more than the tip of the iceberg as to why Luke had come back and why Erik was permanently worried. And I wouldn’t rest until I found the rest of the iceberg, I was sure of that now.

I dragged myself to the sofa and slumped onto its comfortable cushions. I kicked off my boots, closed my eyes and tried to find something positive from the crazy, Kaelian versus human evening that we’d just had. 

















Too many words



“We can never reach absolute truth; but neither are we ever totally distanced from it.”

Aristotle




‘Talk.’

I opened my eyes slowly, trying to focus on the face in front of me. Beth was standing there, arms crossed, not looking too happy. I sighed deeply. You didn’t have to be a clairvoyant to know what she wanted to talk about, but I wasn’t going to make it easy for her all the same.

‘I was asleep,’ I murmured, rubbing my eyes. ‘What’s got into you?’

‘What happened between you and Luke? Who was that letter from? Why don’t the two of them want you to go to wherever it is tomorrow?’

The same old story. What was I supposed to do now? Explain everything? Or just part of it? Mask the truth with a few lies? Yes, again that was the best option. 

‘All right, one thing at a time. Sit down,’ I said, tucking my legs up so that Beth could sit next to me on the sofa. Maybe she’d relax a little if she sat down. Or not. Truth be told, I felt less intimidated by her if she was sitting down. ‘First up, nothing happened between me and Luke.’

‘Yeah, right! You expect me to believe that?! The way he looks at you, it’s… I don’t know, different…the way he talks to you, the resentment between him and Erik, you can’t deny the obvious, dollface, so just tell me and stop beating around the bush!’ she cried, banging her heel against the floor over and over.

‘I don’t know how I put up with you,’ I muttered, rolling my eyes. ‘All right, I’ll tell you; but not a word to anyone, least of all Erik, okay?’ I said solemnly, trying to convince her that I was going to tell the truth. ‘And for God’s sake, cut out the tap-dancing!’ I hollered, putting one hand on her fidgeting knee. 

I pulled my hand back and crossed my legs nervously.

‘Is it that serious? Is it ‘bed’ serious?’ she asked, with eyes like dinner plates.

‘No! How could you even think…? You see, I can’t explain a thing to you, you’re always going down the same old track!’ I objected, lying back to look offended. 

‘Okay, okay! I won’t jump to any more conclusions! You talk, I listen,’ she said in desperation, shaking me by the shoulders.

I sat back up, leaning against the plumped-up cushions. I thought for a moment about how to begin, took a deep breath and started talking.

I told her a somewhat different version of the story. I couldn’t tell her about what had happened the year before; my sudden, enforced disappearance with Luke, or why Erik had vanished. That would mean explaining that the two brothers were from another planet and that they’d risked their lives to save mine. So I simply said that Luke had tried it on with me the year before: this explained the irony that he’d used to upset me and annoy his brother. And how later he thought he’d fallen in love with me and his advances had led him down other paths, including kissing me once when I was going through a bad patch. I talked about the doubts that had come into my mind afterwards, even though I loved Erik more than anything in the world. And how Luke had pressured me to choose between them, and had disappeared when he saw I loved his brother and not him.

‘So you don’t feel anything for Luke? Are you sure about that?’ asked Beth, biting her nails frantically. I gave her hand a slap to stop her from doing it.

‘Don’t bite your nails,’ I almost begged her. ‘Don’t you know that your hands are a reflection of your personality?’

‘Yeah yeah, whatever. Answer my question,’ she gabbled.

‘Of course I feel something for Luke,’ I admitted. ‘I love him to bits, but I’m not in love with him and that’s where the difference lies. I love Erik with all my heart but you can’t compare that with the affection I feel for his brother.’ I went quiet, waiting for my friend’s final assessment. 

Beth frowned, as if I was talking about some scientific formula, not telling her the story of my life.

‘I still don’t understand; if you love Erik so much, why the doubts? If it happened to me, that’s one thing, I’m a fool for love; but you?’

‘Because Luke can be very persuasive when he puts his mind to it,’ I replied, recalling how he’d used all his mental powers to seduce me, making me feel confused, hypnotized, dizzy and without a will of my own.

‘I wish he was as persuasive as that with me,’ said Beth mischievously. That gave me the chance to change the subject. 

‘So why were you so rude to him?’ I asked, eager to change tack.

‘Because I don’t like people mocking me, you know that better than anyone. Let them try it. Or do you think only guys should spout that kind of abuse?’ 

It had worked; Beth was getting all steamed up about it, which was a good sign. Soon she’d forget about all the other questions she’d had for me, I just had to provoke her a little more. 

‘Well, I don’t think that facing off with him was the best way to go about it. Forget about him, you hardly know each other, after all.’

‘No way! Not a chance. Just let it go? Snowball in hell! I’ll show him. How much do you bet that we get beyond the ‘just talking’ stage before the year’s out?’ she said, arching an eyebrow.

‘Suit yourself, but I don’t want to see you suffer because of someone like Luke; he’s too selfish to stop gazing at his own navel.’

I smiled to myself at what I’d just said: Beth looked at me quizzically. She didn’t see the funny side of it, but she would have if she knew what I did, that neither Luke nor any of his race even had navels. The result of embryos being cultivated in labs as opposed to inside a mother’s belly like us humans.

Beth shook her head, disagreeing with something. 

‘Don’t worry, there isn’t a guy on Earth capable of making me suffer,’ she said, very sure of herself. 

Another smile crossed my lips. I was quite sure, as she said, that there wasn’t a guy on the planet who could do that to her. The problem was that Luke wasn’t exactly from this planet. 

‘You want to stop grinning like that? Don’t you believe me?’

‘Sure I believe you, but I know Luke better than you and I can assure you he’s not like the others,’ I replied.

‘We’ll see about that, and kindly leave your jealousy for your boyfriend,’ she snapped.

‘I’m not jealous and don’t even think of criticizing Erik.’ I had a serious look on my face and my voice was louder than usual. 

‘Ok, ok, you’re not jealous. But you can’t deny that Erik gets into a terrible state when Luke opens his mouth to talk to you.’

‘Yes, I can deny it. Erik doesn’t get into any kind of state. It’s his brother’s fault, he’s always goading him,’ I answered, in defense of my boyfriend.

‘But Luke never says anything to you to make him react like that,’ said Beth, needling me.

It was logical that, from Beth’s point of view, it was Erik who was out of line because only he could hear his brother’s mental provocations. I knew Erik’s capacity for telepathic communication, but not even I could fully understand how much it must hurt him to see a mental picture of me inside somebody else’s head.

‘That’s enough jawing, I’m beat. I’m going to bed, see you tomorrow.’

I turned around and waved my hand behind me to say goodnight. Beth mumbled something I couldn’t really hear, but I kept on walking to my room.

I collapsed wearily onto the bed. Too many emotions. Something was beginning to feel out of control deep inside me, but this time it wasn’t Erik or Luke that was causing it; it was the author of those anonymous notes that I couldn’t get out of my head.

What did he want from me? Why did he want to meet me so much? Was I right in thinking that Erik knew more than he was telling me? Was it pure chance that this new mystery coincided with Luke coming back? 

I closed my eyes, trying to fall asleep; but something told me that was going to be difficult tonight.

I felt myself floating, but there was nothing beneath my feet to break my fall. O looked own and could only see clouds. Dense white formations of air, like cotton, in the shape of faces and wispy silhouettes. I was flying, I didn’t know how or why, but I was flying and the strange thing was that I didn’t feel frightened. I felt safe and calm, moving through the sky without knowing where I was heading. Just then, a freezing blast of air unbalanced me, making me lose the feeling of safety I’d been enjoying up to then.

I felt myself falling through the clusters of cloud that only moments before I’d seen from a distance. My heart began to thump and the oxygen was sucked out of my lungs. I felt terror and panic. 

Then I woke up.

I was drenched in sweat and gasping for breath because of the bad dream. I still felt panic from the fall, and it hadn’t even been real. This only seemed to confirm my suspicions; my nightmares had returned and I was losing control again for no apparent reason. I looked at the alarm clock; it was five a.m. In less than an hour, I’d have to get up to go to class. I thought I might as well get up now rather than wait, but my body refused to move and I was plunged back into the same nightmare.

The alarm went off on time just as I was falling again, tearing me from my disturbing dream. Why did I have to suffer these nightmares again and again? I kicked the sheets away and put my feet on the floor, not looking forward to the day that lay ahead.








Visions of the past



‘Death does not rob us of our loved ones. Instead we keep them immortalized in the memory. Life however does steal from us many times and forever.’

François Mauriac





My purse buzzed with the ringtone of my cell phone. I fumbled until I found the edge and fished it out quickly, recognising the number on the screen. 

‘Hi, mom.’

‘Hi baby.’ She hesitated for a few seconds before going on. ‘Did I call at a bad time?’ she asked, much to my surprise.

‘No, don’t worry. We came out an hour later because a professor couldn’t make it,’ I explained. ‘I’m on my way home. Is anything up?’

‘I need to talk with you, but not over the phone.’ My brow wrinkled with puzzlement.

Since when did my mother talk with such an air of mystery? I rolled my eyes. That was all I needed, family intrigues. Dozens of hypotheses streaked across my mind like shooting stars. This wasn’t looking good.

‘Mom, you’re beginning to worry me. What’s wrong?’ I asked irritably.

‘I’m sorry honey, but I really can’t talk about it over the phone. Can you come over this afternoon?’ Her anxious tone of voice was starting to distress me.

‘This afternoon?’ I repeated like a robot.

“Not this afternoon,” I thought to myself. Today was my date with the author of the anonymous notes. I intended to go without Erik finding out, but now my mother wasn’t sounding too good and was asking me to go see her. I debated with myself for a few seconds about what I wanted to do, and what I ought to do. I squeezed the bridge of my nose between two fingers and closed my eyes with the phone pressed against my ear, wedging it against my shoulder. I hesitated for a moment: what was the right thing to do? 

If I missed my date, I’d probably miss my only chance to find out who this mysterious stranger was, but on the other hand I was really worried about what my mother might be going through. It had to be something pretty serious if she didn’t want to talk about it on the phone. Was she ill? Problems at work? In the end, my heart won over my head and made its decision, surely the right one. 

‘All right mom, I’ll call Erik now and when he picks me up we’ll come out to Chemainus, ok?’

‘Thanks honey, I’ll be waiting for you.’ The impatience in her voice only served to reawaken my unease.

I hung up and stood looking at the phone. What was going on? What had I missed? I had the impression that something had escaped me, that I was overlooking some little detail. It was no good beating my brains about it, the best thing I could do was call Erik and get to my mother’s house ASAP. I pressed the call button. I didn’t even need to look for his number in my speed dial. Apart from my mother, Erik was my most frequently called number. Not a morning went by without him sending me at least one SMS message and we usually spoke every lunchtime if we didn’t see each other. 

Our relationship had grown stronger these last few months. We were almost always together. But if everything was so perfect, why did I have the feeling that my happiness was all just pretend, and could collapse on top of me at any moment? My suspicions were driving me crazy.

My cell phone began to vibrate in my hand, waking me out of my daydreaming. It was him. 

‘Erik, what a surprise! You read my thoughts; I was just going to call you.’

‘Yes, I know.’ By the way he spoke I could tell that he didn’t find the telepathy that had built up between us in the past few months the least bit amusing. 

Why was he so irritated by our new mental connection? I was delighted, but Erik didn’t want to talk about it let alone use it to communicate. This afternoon was just a coincidence, I had no intention of using telepathy but by the looks of it, with all my ponderings, I had done. I tried to play it down; I had enough in my head as it was without adding another worry.

‘My mother called. She needs us to go to her place this afternoon.’ I paused to see what he would say. 

He didn’t say much.

‘Uh-huh.’

‘Can you pick me up when you get a moment?’ I added, as he wasn’t saying anything.

‘Sure, I’ll be right over. Stay at home, ok?’ His voice trembled slightly: it sounded like the movement of a car. He was probably driving. 

His warning was clear; it didn’t take much figuring out that he was telling me not to keep my appointment. He was so keen for me not to go alone that it was making me want to go even more and regret agreeing to go to see Nicole.

I walked quickly down the street thinking, among other things, how it was strange that I hadn’t seen Beth all day. I hadn’t seen her at lunchtime and she didn’t turn up for the last class, the only one we took together, so today was turning out weird all round. I got home, and she wasn’t there either. I honestly thought she’d be sitting in front of the TV immersed in one of the thousand and one series she was hooked on, or chatting to some stranger on the other side of the country. These were the ‘important matters’ that made her skip more classes than was good for her. I felt relieved; I didn’t really want to see her knowing that I’d have to explain why I was taking off so suddenly to see my mother. Beth could be very persuasive when she wanted to be.

I decided to put it out of my mind. I went to the kitchen to make some tea while I was waiting for Erik to pick me up. I didn’t even have time to put the water on to boil when the doorbell rang, echoing through the tiny kitchen. I ran to the front door and yanked it open. There he was, my dream come true, gorgeous and perfect as usual.

‘You got here quick,’ I said, pouncing on him.

Erik slid his arms around my waist and squeezed me close, lifting my feet a few inches off the ground. 

‘The truth is, I missed you,’ he whispered in my ear, making my whole body tingle with his energy; ‘and I was in the neighbourhood,’ he added with a smile.

I pulled my head away from his shoulder, searching for his lips. I’d spent all day dreaming of the moment when I could kiss them again, feel the warmth of his lips on mine. Erik responded, running one hand through my hair and holding me tightly round the waist with the other. 

I tugged at his shirt, pulling him inside the house. Now it was just the two of us; the rest of the world and its problems had disappeared with the first touch of our lips. We fell onto the sofa which groaned like a grumpy old man under our weight. Erik slipped his arm under my back, arching it so he could pull my body closer to his so he could kiss me again. We didn’t even hear the door opening.

‘Don’t mind me,’ said my friend with the unfortunate timing. ‘I’ll look for something to eat and then I’m out of here. You just carry on.’

Erik sat up and I wriggled around on the sofa, straightening out my clothes and trying to give Beth the evillest glare I could. I was too embarrassed to talk, and so was Erik by the looks of it. It was tough enough finding a moment alone together when he was willing to let himself go, without her turning up and ruining the whole thing.

‘Oh by the way,’ she yelled without even putting her head round the kitchen door, ‘your mother called me. She wanted to know if you were going to be much longer in going to visit her.’

Great. I felt Erik’s attitude change before he even opened his mouth. 

‘We’d better get going,’ he muttered, smoothing back my hair.

I went red when I saw the rage and passion which shone from his blue sky, like lightning bolts flashing across the heavens on a stormy evening. And it was all because of me; thinking about that, I could hardly breathe and my heart, brimming with happiness, pounded in my chest.

‘Yes, let’s go,’ I said listlessly.

The only thing I really felt like doing was to carry on where we’d left off when Beth interrupted us. But it wasn’t going to happen. I stood up, my legs still trembling, and left with Erik’s hand in mine, ready to deal with whatever was troubling my mother.

The car ride was eternal. How could the same old journey seem so long? It was all because of the anxiety I was feeling about Nicole’s phone call, which had got me again after my moment of passion had been snatched away from me. I really needed to talk to her. Erik placed a hand on my knee, trying to calm the tap dancing again. 

I jumped out of the car as soon as we’d parked up, without waiting for Erik to kill the engine. I ran up to the door; Erik caught up with me and took my hand firmly in a vain attempt to calm me down a little. 

Why did I have to have such a heightened sense of impending doom? I’d have been quite happy not knowing anything, but that was totally impossible for me. With my heart pounding and my stomach in knots I opened the door, knowing that something bad was about to happen. 

‘Mom?’ I hollered, looking around as I went in. 

‘I’m here!’ she called out from upstairs; ‘I’ll be right down!’

We went into the kitchen, looking for something to drink. My mouth was like sandpaper and I could’ve done with the tea that I hadn’t had before. I put the water on to boil while Erik took some tea bags from the cupboard overhead. He’d seen me doing it so many times that he knew where my mother kept everything. 

‘Hi honey,’ said Mom, hugging me from behind. 

‘Hi mom,’ I said, turning round to face her. My face fell when I saw how gaunt and remorseful she looked. 

‘Good God, mom! What happened to you?’ My voice shook and I was barely able to control it. 

‘Stella, you’re not going to believe it but I saw your father.’ Her pallid face and the lines around her eyes left me in no doubt: Nicole was in bad shape, very bad shape, and on top of everything she was starting to have hallucinations.

Erik came over and put his arms around our waists, guiding us into the living room. I didn’t say anything and sat next to my mother, following his instructions. It was obvious that he was the only cool head in the room. 

‘Mom, what do you mean you saw dad?’ I managed to say, not believing my ears. 

‘I saw him, really I did,’ she repeated when she saw that she needed to convince me, however crazy it sounded. ‘I swear he was here, near home.’

Nicole was trembling like a little girl after hearing a ghost story. I hugged her to reassure her, but I knew I wasn’t looking too good myself. What was she talking about, that she’d seen dad? My father was dead. He’d died in a car crash three years before, the Police told us. They never found his body in the burnt-out wreck, but… A light came on in my muddled head. 

‘Tell me,’ I pressed her.

‘Saturday evening, coming back after my shift at the hospital, I decided to go for a walk; you know how much I like my winter walks around here.’ She began to fiddle nervously with her fingernails. ‘I was on my way to Emily’s café when I saw him.’ 

‘But… are you sure?’ I croaked. My throat was dry and I could hardly put a sentence together. 

‘It was him Stella, I’d recognise him anywhere,’ she replied, staring straight at me.

‘I… I can’t believe it; so dad…’ I hesitated before saying it out loud.

‘He’s alive, I’m sure of it. That’s why I asked you to come,’ she said nervously.

Erik, who was sitting beside me, squeezed my hand tightly; he was beginning to look as upset as I was at the news. His unease took me by surprise, but right then I was more worried about my mother. She was destroyed, you could see from a mile off that she hadn’t slept, maybe not eaten either, for days. 

‘Why didn’t you call me then?’ I reproached her.

‘Because at first I thought I was going mad; you know how I run things through my head when I go for a walk,’ she said by way of an excuse. ‘I convinced myself that it was all in my imagination;’ she stopped for breath, then went on in a weak voice. ‘But then I started to feel the way I did when your father was alive. I can’t explain it, I imagine it’s like you feel when he’s with you.’ She pointed at Erik. ‘All I can say is that dad’s alive, I know he is, I can feel it here,’ she said, placing one hand on her heart.

I couldn’t take in what Nicole was saying. If my father was alive, why hadn’t he come to see us before? What had really happened? I saw how upset and hurting my mother was: what if it was all in her imagination? Their wedding anniversary was coming up and maybe it was just my mother’s frustration at wanting to be with dad and not being able to. 

My head was like a huge jigsaw puzzle where none of the pieces fitted because they were all doubles. I leaned back and glanced at Erik, but he stayed silent. I didn’t know if what I was going to propose to Nicole was the right thing to do, but what did I care if it was right or wrong if one of the people I most cared about in the world was suffering so much? My mother needed me and it was clear the living alone was destroying her, to the point of having hallucinations.

‘I’ll leave University and come back here to live with you.’ It sounded like somebody else speaking; I couldn’t believe what I’d just said, but it was for the best.

‘Are you crazy? No, no way!’ said Nicole firmly, shaking her head.

‘I agree with your mother. What would you gain by dropping out?’ Erik’s tone of voice was soft and sweet, but his words were reproachful. 

‘Mom, you can’t go on living alone; can’t you see what it’s doing to you? You start seeing things that aren’t there and you’ll wind up in a psychiatric hospital. I’m not leaving you here like this,’ I said, more and more convinced that I was making the right decision.

‘Stella, don’t you see? I thought you’d understand,’ she said sadly; ‘What you feel when you’re with Erik is what I felt when I saw your father.’ She sighed and broke my heart. ‘I suppose that’s what I must look like to you, a madwoman having visions, but I know it was real, it was him and it doesn’t matter if you come back to live here, drop out of College or send me to a mental hospital, I’ll still be totally certain of what I saw because I didn’t just see him with my eyes, I felt him in my heart and nobody can tell me otherwise.’

‘It’s getting late,’ said Erik, to my astonishment.

Did he really think I was going to leave now? I didn’t care what time it was, it could have been daybreak all over again, I wasn’t going to leave my mother like this. I got angry with him.

‘You go if you like, I’m staying.’

‘No honey, you go with him. I’m fine.’ Something like a smile crossed her face. 

‘I’m not going anywhere,’ I replied.

‘Stella, don’t do anything crazy, you’ve got exams coming up, you can’t leave College now,’ I heard Erik say, although his words made no sense to me.

How could he be so cold? Didn’t he realize that College meant nothing to me if my mother wasn’t well?

‘Erik’s right,’ said Nicole, ‘and I’d feel terrible if you threw away your future because of me. Go back to Victoria; you can come and see me at the weekend.’ 

I was beside myself with rage; they both thought they had the right to tell me what I ought to do and I, the one who really knew what I wanted to do, had no say in it. This was the last straw.

‘I’m not going to argue about this; I’ve made a decision and I’m not going to change my mind.’ The look of horror on their faces told me I had to explain myself. I took a deep breath. ‘I’m not leaving University, ok? But there’s nothing stopping me from spending the rest of the week here to keep you company, is there?’ I looked at Nicole and took her hand. 

‘All right’, she sobbed.

I glanced at Erik. I wasn’t looking for his approval because deep down I knew he didn’t understand. In fact I shouldn’t have been surprised at his attitude because a while back he’d explained that Kaelian family ties weren’t as close as human ones. Consequences of the cold, calculating, emotionless attitude that members of his species were so proud of. I had thought that spending all this time with me, learning how to express his feelings for me with no taboos, would have made him more ‘human’. I was wrong. 

‘Ok, I’ll come and pick you up on Sunday if you like,’ he said with a hint of a scolding.

‘That all depends on how Mom is on Sunday,’ I replied, still upset with him.

‘Fine, I’ll be off then.’ Erik stood up to shake Nicole’s hand. I followed him to the door. ‘Call me to tell me what time I should come on Sunday,’ he said drily.

‘What’s this all about? Is this so incomprehensible to you? Don’t you understand that I need to be with her right now? Can’t you empathize even a little with her?’ I said, not even wanting to hear what he had to say in reply. I wanted him to understand me and stop being such a block of ice.

‘At the risk of coming across like some kind of selfish dictator, I’d be lying if I said I understood. I don’t like this latest little twist; I’m sorry but I don’t believe in coincidences and I don’t like the idea of leaving you here alone.’ 

The way he clenched his jaw told me that wasn’t all he was thinking. He was only showing me a tiny part of it, but he was hiding more. Much more. 

I searched in his sky blue eyes to find the truth, but it stayed hidden. He didn’t want to look at me and that meant something was wrong.

‘Erik, what’s wrong?’ I was beginning to get worried. ‘You’re not like this. Not any more.’

‘Nothing’s wrong. Nothing at all,’ he said unconvincingly. ‘Take care of yourself, I’ll see you on Sunday.’ He leaned down and kissed me on the cheek.

That wasn’t good. What kind of a goodbye was that, just a peck on the cheek? I grasped him by the neck and pulled his mouth onto mine. His kiss was lukewarm and only lasted a few seconds. I wanted to think it was out of deference to Nicole, who was only a few yards away, although the wall of the hallway meant she couldn’t see us. Long before I wanted him to, my angel had pulled away from me and was caressing my cheek. At last I could look into his eyes and they weren’t what I’d expected to see. They were dulled, sad, there was no rage, no fury, no passion. He had a strange look in his eyes. It was disconcerting and disturbing.

‘I’ll call you, ok?’

‘Sure, call me when you like,’ I said hurriedly.

‘I love you’, he whispered, making me tingle inside.

‘I love you too.’

My voice trembled; so did the rest of my body. I would never get used to him saying those three words, but tonight they made more sense than ever, although they’d sounded different, deeper, yet more distant. I watched him disappear into the night, speeding into the dark, while I cherished his parting words in my memory.

I walked slowly up to my mother, already missing my angel but sure I was doing the right thing, or at least what my heart was telling me. I sat down beside her and put my arm around her. 

‘Do you remember those evenings when we just used to sit here and talk?’ asked Nicole nostalgically.

‘Sure I do Mom, but it wasn’t all that long ago, I’ve only been away a few months.’ I didn’t know how to take the sadness in her voice, so I tried to play the whole thing down.

‘That’s true, but to me it’s seemed like forever.’

‘Ok, so let’s make the most of this week. Why not take a few days off work?’ The idea had just occurred to me. 

‘I’ve got some good news for you: I already did,’ she said with a half-smile. 

‘I don’t believe it! Did you really?’ I raised a quizzical eyebrow.

When I’d asked the question, I was sure my mother would give a thousand reasons why she couldn’t take time off. This was a pleasant surprise.

‘Yes, although I don’t know if I deserve any praise; in the end I didn’t really do it because I wanted to.’ She leaned back, bowing her head and playing with the corner of a cushion.

‘What do you mean?’

‘Well, since I saw dad…’ She saw the disapproving look on my face. ‘I know you don’t believe me but I saw him. Anyway, since that day I haven’t been able to think about anything else. I’ve made a few mistakes and that’s unforgiveable in my job.’ I knew how seriously Nicole took her job at the hospital. ‘So I talked to my boss and I asked for a few days off. He didn’t need much persuading; he’d noticed that my head was somewhere else.’

I shook my head sadly. I hadn’t realized things were so serious. After three years without Carl, she was still in love. This wasn’t going to be easy. 

‘Mom, don’t you think that if dad were here, we’d have known about it before now?’

‘Maybe he had concussion; remember what happened to Erik last year.’ I gave a little snort when she said that.

Nicole had swallowed the story I’d invented for her, about the car crash and temporary amnesia Erik had supposedly suffered, to avoid telling her the truth about him and his brother being aliens. How could I use the opposite arguments to prove her wrong?

‘It’s not the same thing,’ I whispered. She didn’t even hear me; she was too lost in thought. 

‘I’ve gone over this in my mind for days and it would explain everything. There was a special light in her eyes. ‘Missing for more than two years, him not recognising me the other day; it all fits, don’t you see?’ It scared me to see her so full of hope, even more so when I knew that I’d have to be the one to demolish her castles in the air.

But that was enough for today. Tomorrow we’d have all the time in the world to chat and maybe try to talk some sense into her. 

‘The only thing I see is that it’s very late and we should go to bed,’ I offered as an excuse.

‘Yes, you’re right.’

We stood up together. Nicole kept hold of my hand, not wanting to let go. We walked upstairs hand in hand. She walked me to the door of my old bedroom and said goodnight with a warm kiss on my forehead. I hugged her tight in a desperate attempt to help her put herself together again.

We spent the rest of the week cooking our favourite food, watching romantic films and talking. Above all, talking. Nicole had a lot of things deep inside her that she needed to share. I listened to her more as a friend than a daughter; it was the least I could do for my mother, who’d spent my whole life listening to me without complaining.

There was no way I could convince her that her supposed sighting of my father was all a product of her imagination. She was sticking to her guns on that, but at least over those few days I managed to get her looking better. She’d eaten and rested, and now her face had a rosy shine to it. The dark shadows under her eyes had all but disappeared. But there was an absence in her eyes; she was still searching for him. I saw it every time we went out shopping, or for a walk. She peered at every face, looking for my father. My efforts to bring her back to reality had failed.

I jumped at the sound of my cell phone. What time was it? My room was almost completely dark, apart from a few streaks of dawn light filtering through the window. The phone rang again. Weird: who was calling at this time of the morning? Just one message settled my doubts.

‘Come outside.’ I didn’t recognise the number, which made me even more curious. 

I got out of bed, cursing my luck. It was Sunday and I really didn’t feel like getting up this early. I took the thick housecoat that my mother had hung on the back of my bedroom door, from when I lived there. I put it on to stop myself shivering. The house was as silent as it was cold at this unearthly hour of the morning.

As I made my way downstairs the phone rang again, driving me crazy. What was the rush?! I didn’t even bother to turn on the light in the hallway and I jerked the door open, ready to unload all my anger on whoever was outside.

‘You?!’ was all I managed to say.
	
There was Luke, with his ironic smile and a paper bag in his hand. He walked past me, ignoring the look of amazement on my face.

‘I brought you breakfast,’ he said as if it was the most normal thing in the world.

I was boiling with rage inside. What was he doing here?

‘Do you know what time it is?’ I snapped, resisting the temptation to slam the door in his face.

‘Time to get up?’ he mocked, making me even angrier.

‘I hope you’ve got a good excuse, otherwise I’m going back to bed,’ I said, crossing my arms.

‘Going to bed sounds pretty good,’ he replied, getting too close to my face which by then must have been some shade of purple.

‘Get out of here!’ I yelled, opening the door again.

‘Now where are your manners?’ he tutted, shaking his head slowly as if he were talking to a little girl. ‘Seems like you lost them since the last time we met.’

I was tired of all this useless chit-chat.

‘Ok, if you’ve come to get under my skin, great – you’ve managed it,’ I said, applauding ironically; ‘so now you can go home happy in the knowledge that you’ve ruined my morning for me.’

He stared at me but I couldn’t figure out what his look meant. His emerald eyes didn’t fit with his snarky comments. That calmed me a little, but I tried as best I could not to let it show. I wasn’t going to give him that satisfaction.

‘Whoa, don’t get so feisty, I come in peace. Can we talk?’

‘What do you want?’ I said curtly.

‘Erik doesn’t know I’m here; that’s why I came so early, so I didn’t run into him when he comes to get you.’ He sounded sincere, but was he?

‘You could’ve come before; I’ve been here for a week. Why come now when you knew your brother was coming?’ I rolled my eyes and answered my own question. ‘Of course; you just want to make him angry when he sees you here so you can cause a scene. Or am I wrong?’

He took a few seconds to answer, his gaze penetrating into the depths of my soul. 

‘Yes, you’re wrong. Totally wrong, as usual.’ I wanted to object but he covered my mouth with his hand. ‘Let me speak. Your mother is right,’ he said suddenly, throwing me off completely.

It took a while for me to take in what he’d said. My face must have been a picture, from the way he was looking at me. Had Erik told him about Nicole’s hallucinations? No, he wouldn’t do that to me.

‘I think you’d better sit down before you pass out,’ he said with more satisfaction than concern.

‘I’m not going to pass out,’ I replied as I walked unsteadily towards the sofa. 

I sat down but not as comfortably as I usually did; I was tense, rigid, waiting for whatever it was that Luke was about to tell me. He didn’t sit down but stood casually against the wall, with his usual air of unconcern. He looked really handsome with his matted copper-coloured hair, a little longer than usual. He was observing me with his deep green eyes, I could feel them on me, but I didn’t want to look up and meet his gaze. Luke knew how much his seductive looks flustered me and I didn’t want to give him the chance. 

‘What do you mean?’ I asked, feeling awkward.

‘I think your father is alive.’ His words fell on me like a ton of bricks.

I was sure that Nicole was wrong, but could Luke be wrong as well? He didn’t know my father, he couldn’t confuse him with someone else like my mother could, so was it true? Was my father alive? My mother wasn’t being hysterical? 

‘What are you talking about? If this is a joke, it’s in pretty poor taste. Not even you would be twisted enough to do something like this to me,’ I replied, furious and terrified.

‘Why does this woman never believe a thing I say?!’ he cried in indignation. ‘What could I possibly gain by lying to you?’

‘You like making me suffer; you always have,’ I regretted it as soon as I said it. 

I’d gone too far. Right then I realized that he was suffering more because of our fake friendship than I was. 

‘If I ever made you suffer it was because I wanted to tell you the truth, not lie to you,’ he said, as if he were calling his brother a liar; ‘but it’s your problem if you want to believe me or not.’

He turned to leave. He couldn’t go. How could he, after what he’d just told me? But my body wouldn’t move, I sat there frozen on the edge of the sofa, not even daring to breathe. Carl was alive? The words rang around my mind like a melody. Suddenly I sprang back to life. I ran to Luke and grabbed the sleeve of his jacket. I hadn’t noticed till then that he still had his jacket on; he hadn’t been planning on staying long. 

‘Wait! You can’t leave after what you just said!’ He looked at me with those sea-green eyes. ‘I believe you, I swear I believe you! But I need to understand, I need time to take it in; you have to tell me everything you know,’ I begged him in desperation, grasping the collar of his jacket and closing my fists tight until they hurt. 

‘You really want me to explain?’

‘Yes; please,’ I implored him.

‘Fine, I’ll come to your place tonight and we’ll talk,’ he said airily, as if it could wait till then.

‘No! I want to know now!’

‘I thought you didn’t want Erik to find me here,’ he mocked, raising an eyebrow.

‘All right, go.’ I was accepting defeat. ‘I’ll be expecting you tonight. But you’d better not let me down.’

‘When have I ever let you down, baby?’ he said, kissing me lazily on the cheek.

‘I’m not your baby,’ I shot back as I had so many times before, exasperated and red-faced.

He roared with laughter as he walked away without looking back, but I couldn’t take my eyes off him. The sound of his motorbike rang down the street as he sped away out of sight. I closed the door, trying to take in what Luke had said.

It was totally illogical; whichever way I looked at it, it made no sense. First of all, Luke didn’t know my father so how could he know he was alive? Secondly, my father wouldn’t just be wandering around the town; if he really was alive, he’d be back here with us. Third, either Luke wanted to torment me or be alone with me, incidentally something which I’d just granted him by agreeing to meet up tonight. I cursed myself over and over for being so naïve. That had to be it. Although I didn’t want to believe it, Erik must have told Luke about Nicole’s vision and Luke had used that simple excuse to get me to agree to meet him. I shook my head in disbelief. He’d soon find out who was kidding who around here. I’d learned how to defend myself and I was pretty good at it. I had an ace up my sleeve that Luke knew nothing about. 

Luckily, Nicole was still asleep and hadn’t heard a thing. That was the last thing she needed right now, somebody backing up her crazy theories. It was strange that the roar of the bike and our almost shouted goodbyes hadn’t woken her up. I walked slowly upstairs. Going back to bed now wasn’t an option; thanks to the conversation with Luke, my stomach was one big knot and my head was buzzing. I popped my head round my mother’s bedroom door to see if she was awake.

Nicole was sleeping like a baby, tucked up in bed. I lay down beside her and cuddled up close, like I used to when I was a child, looking for comfort after a bad dream. 

‘Morning baby,’ she greeted me, stretching and stirring between the sheets.

‘Hi Mom, did you sleep well?’ I asked, still a little surprised that she hadn’t got up earlier.

‘Yes, these pills are very effective.’ She took a small plastic bottle from the bedside table.

‘I don’t believe it. What are you taking that junk for? You’ve always been against pills like that.’

‘I know, but I really needed to sleep and one of the doctors at A&E recommended these.’ She lifted the bottle and shook it. ‘I only take them from time to time,’ she added by way of justification.

I didn’t want to dig any deeper, I could see it wouldn’t do Nicole any good. We’d only have another argument and that would be no way to say goodbye. 

We went downstairs for breakfast. Between the two of us we prepared toast, juice and coffee with milk. I didn’t have any appetite at all and from the unenthusiastic way my mother dipped her bread in her coffee, it looked like she didn’t either.

‘I really enjoyed being here this week,’ I said, trying to liven up the breakfast; ‘It’s been a while since we did things together.’

‘You’re right darling, we should do it more often,’ replied Nicole, stroking my hand. ‘When’s Erik coming?’ She hid a tear behind the question.

‘In a couple of hours.’ Her disappointment showed on her face. She’d no doubt been hoping to spend the whole day with me. I explained why; although she hadn’t asked, I felt I needed to. ‘I’ve got a lot of work to catch up on. If I get to Victoria early, I can get it all done.’

‘Of course, of course, I understand,’ she hurried to say, like she didn’t want me to see how much it hurt her that I was leaving.

‘I’ll call every day and I’ll come again next weekend, ok?’ I wasn’t just concerned about her; I was concerned about myself too. Just thinking about leaving her like this was breaking my heart. 

‘You see, I’ve been thinking…’ The words didn’t exactly trip off my mother’s tongue. ‘I think I’m going to go back to San Francisco for a while.’ She saw the horror on my face and started to explain why. ‘I don’t think I’m in any shape to go back to work for the moment. Seeing your father was a real shock, even more so because I don’t even know where he is right now. I need to get a grip on myself, sort myself out; that’s why I’ve decided to go back to your grandparents’ house for a while.’

‘If you think that’s best for you, that’s fine by me. Why didn’t you tell me before?’

‘I didn’t want to worry any more; but now you’re leaving, I see I can’t go on living here,’ she admitted, disheartened.

‘When are you thinking of going?’ I asked reluctantly.

‘Tomorrow. I bought the ticket on the Internet.’ Her dulled, watery eyes tried to match the forced smile on her face.

‘Tell me when you’re coming back so I can come right over.’ I tried desperately not to let Nicole see how much I was hurting.

‘Of course I will; now, that’s enough chatting. Erik will be here soon and he’ll catch you still wearing your pyjamas.’ 

I went upstairs to pick up a couple of things that I had to take with me. I hadn’t really come prepared to stay for long; almost all of what I was packing was my mom’s, but she’d insisted that everything looked better on me and that she was too old for worn jeans and tight T-shirts so I should have them. To be honest, it sounded like nonsense to me but I didn’t think twice: I loved those jeans.

The doorbell rang and my heart fluttered like a little bird’s wing in my chest. Erik was here at last; after a week of just talking to him on the phone, I’d be in his arms again. I’d longed for this moment so much that I nearly bounced down the stairs in my eagerness to see him. 

‘Hi,’ I said, pressing up against his chest. 

His strong arms enfolded me, holding me tightly against his body in response to my embrace. I raised my chin and he kissed me passionately, making me tingle all over as he squeezed my waist. It felt like we wanted to melt into each other. I was happy to have him back by my side; at that moment I had no idea how I’d managed to survive a whole week, days and nights, without him.

‘Hello gorgeous. I’ve missed you,’ he whispered. The butterflies in my stomach started fluttering again.

‘Me too.’

I couldn’t begin to describe what my body and my heart were feeling just then. Another kiss took me by surprise, stopping me from saying anything else. 

I pulled away just enough so that my face was close to his. I half-closed my eyes, leaning forward to taste his lips once more. I brushed them with mine, but Erik took hold of the back of my neck, running his fingers through my hair as we let our passion run free, urgently and desperately.

Nicole cleared her throat. I wanted to die. I’d completely lost all sense of reality and hadn’t realized we were standing in the doorway of my mother’s house. I blushed bright crimson. Erik seemed to deal with it better; his face was the picture of cordiality towards Nicole, as if we were chatting about the latest news, not devouring each other in the doorway of her home. His ability to hide his feelings never ceased to amaze me, although at times I didn’t like it; but at that moment it came in handy, given that I was incapable of speech.

‘Nice to see you, Mrs Preston,’ beamed my angel.

‘Nice to see you too, although it seems my daughter is even happier to see you than I am,’ she replied mischievously.

I wanted to disappear, become invisible. Well that wasn’t going to happen, so the only thing for it was to try to behave normally.

‘I’ll go get my stuff,’ I said, heading upstairs still catching my breath, while Nicole took Erik into the dining room and offered him a seat. I heard Nicole laughing heartily and wished I could be a fly on the wall to find out why. 

I stood by the dining room door, backpack over my shoulder and jacket in hand. Erik and my mother stood up when they saw me. 

‘Shall we go?’ asked Erik, taking the backpack off my shoulder and putting it on his.

‘Yes.’

I went up to my mother and hugged her affectionately. Nicole squeezed me tight, sobbing softly.

‘I’ll miss you, Mom,’ I croaked.

‘I’ll miss you too. Call me every day, you hear me?’ She replied, running her fingers through my hair. 

‘Sure. I love you very much,’ I said through the knot in my throat.

‘I love you too honey. Very much.’ She let me go and turned to Erik. ‘You take good care of her, ok?’

‘Of course I will,’ he replied, putting his arm round my waist.

‘Bye Mom, call me when you get to gran and grandpa’s.’ I gave her one last kiss on the cheek.

‘Don’t worry, I will. Goodbye, sweetie.’

Nicole stood in the doorway, waving goodbye as we drove away.










































The wrong moment



“It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.”
	
François de la Rochefoucauld




We got to Victoria around midday. I was tired and hungry. Erik had been unusually quiet during the journey despite my best efforts to get a word out of him. Something was worrying him but he didn’t want to tell me what it was, so I spent most of the time sleeping until we got close to home. 

‘What’s going on?’ I asked, tired of the silence.

‘Why should something be going on?’ He shrugged his shoulders.

‘Please Erik, I know you too well. Just tell me.’

‘There’s nothing to tell.’

Denying the obvious only increased my curiosity; and the size of the knot in my stomach.

‘Does your ‘nothing’ involve Luke?’ I wasn’t sure that it was the right question to ask.

It might work out fine and I’d finally get an explanation, or it might just make Erik angry with me. I bit my lower lip while Erik looked at me without saying a word. His sea-blue eyes had turned murky and troubled. What was going on?

‘He can tell you himself tonight.’ His voice was cold and impersonal. Not good.

‘Did he tell you?’ I didn’t even bother justifying why I was meeting Luke.

I hadn’t intended to tell Erik about my plans to meet his brother; but now that he knew, the best thing was to play it down. Judging by the look on his face, that was going to be tough to say the least.

‘No,’ he replied, his sky-blue eyes fixed on mine. ‘You did.’

‘How…?’ I didn’t have to finish the question to know the answer. He’d read my mind. Again.

‘So what are you so upset about? That Luke is coming round tonight? Or that you found out about it the way you did?’

I knew how much he hated the gift that, by the looks of it, I had. But he couldn’t blame me for it, I wasn’t even aware of using it. Since the day when I’d got Erik to read my thoughts for the first time, there’d been no going back. I didn’t have to make contact with him for him to connect with me, like they did between them, and that was what my angel didn’t like. And I didn’t know why. Truth be told, I loved seeing what was in his mind when he wasn’t around. Why didn’t he enjoy the privilege of permanently being in my thoughts? I couldn’t understand it or why he was looking at me like he was right then.

‘It’s dangerous. What if someone else like me came along and read your mind. Do you think I’d just let it happen?’

‘I think you’re getting all worked up over nothing.’ I caressed his face, pausing at his chin. ‘The day that someone else like you comes along, you two would know about it before anyone else; and Luke is Kaelian and can’t make contact with me unless I want him to.’ I softened my tone of voice to disguise the harshness of my words.

‘That’s all we need: him inside your mind!’ He took my hand and kissed it.

‘Don’t worry; you’re the only one up here,’ I said, pointing a finger at my temple. ‘You should enjoy being so unique! Talking of Luke, you still haven’t told me what’s bothering you.’

His lips curled into a subtle, sensual smile which made my heart race and my skin tingle.

‘What bothers me is that you weren’t going to tell me. Finding out through your mind is like catching you lying and I don’t like that. Come on. Let’s go,’ he said, helping me out of the car and ending the conversation.


After lunch, we walked around the harbour for a good while. Erik was still in a foul mood. It was bitterly cold and the wind scratched at our faces. At moments like that I felt like I was in an ordinary, everyday love story like everyone else. Nothing could have been further from the truth. Everything in my life was so complicated that other people couldn’t even come close to imagining it, let alone living it. But at the same time I was sure that Erik was by far the best thing that had ever happened to me. 

I called out to Beth before we went into the apartment. It was our secret code to tell each other that we had somebody with us, if nothing else because Beth was in the habit of wandering around in her underwear no matter what time of year. In winter, up with the heating and off with the clothes, like it was summer. I was used to it and didn’t mind, but I didn’t want her to flounce around in the latest Victoria’s Secret in front of Erik. I hollered again so she knew we were there and should put some clothes on but there was no answer. I mistakenly assumed she wasn’t home.

‘Can I get you anything?’ I asked on our way into the living room.

‘Just you,’ he said wickedly, resting his lips on my neck then nibbling up towards my earlobe. 

Heat flooded my body, my heart raced and I had goose bumps all over. My stomach shrank to nothing. He grabbed my waist and pulled me to him. He gazed at me with an intensity that I couldn’t remember ever seeing in his eyes before. They looked like fire. Blue fire. And the effect that they had on me was like fire on an ice-cube. I was melting. But just as his lips touched mine, Erik tensed and stood up straight; my lustful fantasies came crashing down and smashed into tiny pieces.

‘What’s wrong?’ I asked, bewildered. Where had all that passion gone?

‘You have a visitor.’ The doorbell rang just after he’d spoken.

I let out a snort of exasperation. Whoever it was, they couldn’t have timed it worse. A name came into my head and when I opened the door I saw that I’d been right. Luke was standing there, coolly examining his fingernails. 

‘May I?’ he said, walking in without waiting for an answer.

He and Erik exchanged looks for a few seconds, then a grin spread across Luke’s face.

‘I’m not interrupting, am I?’ he asked, feigning regret. ‘If you like, I can come back later and let you make out in peace. I wouldn’t like to get in the way of you exchanging bodily fluids.’

He couldn’t have been crueller or more cynical. His words cut through me like knives and judging from Erik’s reaction, he wasn’t too pleased about his brother’s foolish little speech either.

‘Say what you got to say and get out,’ snarled Erik, visibly furious.

‘I have a conversation pending with your girlfriend,’ he said, emphasizing the last word with a sneer; ‘but if she doesn’t mind you staying, then neither do I.’

‘Of course he’s staying,’ I growled. This wasn’t the way I’d had in mind to dynamite the conversation with Luke; but now that he’d turned up like this, it suited me down to the ground that Erik was here too. 

Luke sat on the sofa, resting his head on the back. He obviously felt completely at home, and it was me who felt awkward, as if I was at his home. How ironic. 

‘I have reasons to believe that your father didn’t die in that car crash,’ he began.

I looked at Erik, looking for some sign that he was going to contradict his brother, but he just seemed to be upset at what he’d just heard. 

‘What’s all this about?’ he said, and it was then that I realized that Erik was angrier than he was letting on, I could feel it from the way he was squeezing my hand. I opened my fist to relieve the pressure on my fingers.

‘I think she’s entitled to know,’ countered Luke without flinching.

‘Entitled to know… what?’ I asked nervously. Things were looking blacker by the second.

‘I think we’d better go,’ muttered Erik uneasily, increasing the empty feeling in my stomach. Something big was going on here and I needed to know what it was. 

‘Nobody’s going anywhere until you two tell me what you’re up to.’

There was no answer from either of them. Erik was staring at Luke with a threatening look in his eyes. I stood up, hands on hips, ready to drag the truth out of them.

‘We’re not back to the little secrets thing again, are we?’ I paused for a lungful of air before I went on. ‘Last year I think it was made pretty clear that hiding things from me doesn’t work. I know you’re not human, and I know what your mission here on Earth was.’ I looked at them expectantly. ‘And now what we’re talking about is the possibility that my father is still alive, isn’t it? Well enough of the mysteries already, I want to know everything and I want to know now,’ I demanded, tired of this little game.

The only thing I knew for sure was that this was serious and deep down I hoped that Luke wasn’t bluffing. We were talking about my father possibly not being dead and I wanted to show them that I could cope with that, or anything else. At least I was trying to.

Erik opened his mouth, but didn’t get to say anything. Beth burst into the dining room like a hurricane; the three of us froze like statues.

‘What’s she doing here?!’ Luke, with his usual subtlety, was the first to speak.

‘She lives here,’ I muttered angrily.

‘Who are you?!’ she asked. Her face was pallid and her eyes were popping out of her head. She pointed a trembling finger at Luke and Erik. 

‘Beth, take it easy,’ I said soothingly, trying to go up to her and calm her down. It didn’t do much good.

‘Take it easy?! You’re telling me to take it easy?! I heard you, ok? What’s all this about them not being human? So what the hell are they, then?!’ Her shrill voice and ashen face really worried me.

This time there could be no cheap excuses. This time I had to tell her the truth. The twins sat on the sofa, obviously uncomfortable with the situation and not knowing what to do. I decided to take charge.

‘Don’t get like that.’ I grabbed her by the shoulders, trying to get her full attention. ‘Listen to me. What I’m going to tell you is a secret, a big secret that you must never tell anyone. Do you understand?’

Beth nodded but didn’t take her eyes off our guests.

‘Erik and Luke come from… up there,’ I stuttered, pointing at the sky; Beth’s face was a picture of incomprehension. I had to explain myself better because even I was finding it strange to say out loud. ‘They’re… aliens. From another planet. Not from Earth. Extra-terrestrials, you know…’

‘Ok, ok; wait a second.’ She lifted one hand to interrupt me. ‘So you’re saying that these two are like, Martians?’

Luke started chortling. We both turned to look at him.

‘Sorry, but Martians are supposed to come from Mars. We’re from Kaeliux and the correct term is Kaelians.’ He stared at me defiantly before going on. ‘Carry on with your little speech, you’re doing great,’ he mocked, making my blood boil.

‘That’s enough Luke,’ snapped his brother.

I turned back to Beth, ignoring Luke. She looked like she still had doubts about what I’d said. I decided to refresh her memory to convince her.

‘Remember the avalanche in Chemainus last year when Erik was buried under all that rock and ice and he hardly had a scratch?’

‘Yes, that was weird. At first we thought he was dead under all those trees and rocks. But he wasn’t; you came off worse with your ankle. I thought it was just because you like grousing.’

‘Thanks, I’m flattered by the image you have of me,’ I said ironically. ‘Erik survived because his body is stronger than ours. Any one of us would have died in those circumstances. Do you believe me now?’

‘Let’s see if I can get this straight,’ said Beth, stiff as a board and obviously not wanting to go anywhere near the twins. Imagine that I believe that you two aren’t from this planet, ok?’ All three of us nodded, as if I was included too. ‘So… the way you look is real? I mean is that what you really look like, or do you have to wear a disguise or something?’

‘What a perceptive girl you are,’ answered Luke, getting up from the sofa and going over to Beth. She was rooted to the spot, frozen by fear if her sallow face was anything to go by. ‘Actually we’re only three feet tall, we leave a trail of green slime behind us everywhere we go, and we have six-foot tongues that can flick out like a chameleon. Want to see?’

Beth’s face was a picture of horror.

‘Luke! Can’t you see the poor girl’s terrified? Leave her alone!’ Erik looked at my dumbstruck friend tenderly, trying to heal some of the damage caused by his brother. ‘Don’t pay any attention to him; this is what we look like, no green slime, no reptilian tongues.’ Erik glanced reproachfully at Luke.  ‘We’re just like you humans: except for our planet of birth, obviously.’

Beth didn’t even blink. She stared in fear at both brothers. It wasn’t going to be easy to talk to her when she was gripped by such terror.

‘I think you two should go and leave me alone with her; I’ll explain everything.’ Erik nodded; Luke turned on his heels and was going to walk out without even saying goodbye.

‘By the way Luke,’ I hollered; ‘we still have to have that conversation.’

He nodded but said nothing.

‘We’ll talk tomorrow,’ said my boyfriend, giving me a fleeting kiss on the cheek. ‘Call me if things get complicated,’ he whispered so Beth couldn’t hear. I nodded slightly in agreement and closed the door.

It was curious how circumstances had dealt me the worst hand again. I looked in resignation at Beth and drew a deep breath, ready for whatever was coming next.

































No masks



“Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.”

Earl Gray Stevens




‘I’m sorry Beth; I couldn’t tell you anything.’ I looked up to meet her gaze. Her eyes were darker than usual: she was angry. Very angry. ‘You must understand; I promised them not to tell anyone, and now you have to do the same.’

‘Don’t even think about telling me what I should or shouldn’t do, you’re in no position to ask me for anything,’ she growled, her voice bursting with rage.

‘Please, sit down and listen to me,’ I pleaded, placing my hand on the sofa. 

Beth hesitated for a moment, then sat next to me. She still wouldn’t look at me. She looked straight ahead at some imaginary spot on the wall.

‘I’m waiting,’ she muttered.

I tucked my legs underneath me, as if making myself comfortable would make things easier.

‘How would you have reacted if I’d just come out and told you the truth about Luke and Erik?’ I was appealing to her sense of reason.

‘I wouldn’t have believed you.’

‘So what are you blaming me for? I was just keeping the promise I’d made to Erik. And if I’d broken it by telling you, it wouldn’t have done any good because you wouldn’t have believed me anyway.’ As I spoke, I realised how true it was.

‘How long have you known?’

‘Since last Christmas, the first time I disappeared for Erik’s non-existent grandfather’s funeral.’ I was starting to relax a little now that Beth was less tense and willing to talk.

‘So his grandfather’s death was a lie as well?’ she asked, finally looking at me.

I sighed with relief when I saw more curiosity on her face than anger; she’d lost the paleness which fear had put there. She was getting her colour back.

‘Yes,’ I admitted.

‘I think I’ll make some tea. We’re in for a long night.’ She got up and went straight to the kitchen.

I used the time to get the story I was going to tell her straight in my own head. This time I wouldn’t miss a thing; I didn’t want to lose her. She was my best friend and I wanted it to stay that way for a very long time. She came over to the sofa carrying a small tray with two steaming cups and a few cookies on a plate which clinked as she walked.

We talked for a couple of hours. I told her how I’d found out that Erik had a twin brother. And how later he’d had to confess that he was an alien, and about his peculiar point of view about our species and our way of life. And the chain of events that had made us run away from home for fear of reprisals, due to the mission that both brothers had been on here. And, finally, my kidnapping by a deranged extra-terrestrial.

Beth didn’t interrupt me once the whole time I was explaining everything, which wasn’t like her at all. She must really have been shocked by what she was hearing. It was when I started to tell her about my strange relationship with Luke that she eventually said something.

‘You mean he hypnotized you to take advantage of you and kiss you?!’ she asked, with eyes like dinner plates.

‘Not quite; when he kissed me I wasn’t really hypnotized, more like stunned by the situation. The truth is, I didn’t really know how to react,’ I said, blushing.

‘What are you saying?! Of course you knew how to react!’ she snorted, shaking her head like she couldn’t believe what I was saying. ‘You’ve got a guy like Luke offering himself on a silver platter and you look the other way?! You weren’t ‘stunned’, you were ‘idiotized’!’

I pushed her against the back of the sofa and ruffled her hair. She was the same old Beth again. My crazy, shameless Beth. Deep down, I’d been waiting for that moment. I’d been set free at last. I could rest easier now that I knew there were no more secrets between us, like we’d always been.

‘I could never do something like that to Erik,’ I answered, feeling like I really meant it.

‘I know; and it’s lucky for Luke that I’m here to fill the gap in affection that your little brush-offs have caused him.’ she winked confidently.

‘So you don’t mind that Luke’s a… you know, an alien?’

‘I’ve been out with guys who were much worse than that. Luke’s my soulmate, my other half, the love of my life…’

‘Whoa there, stop!’ I interrupted, ‘before you get all mushy on me!’

‘Ok, I’ll say it in a single sentence. He’s hot as hell and I won’t stop till I make him mine.’

We both burst out laughing. Only one thing worried me: would Luke feel the same way about her? 


The shrill beep of my cell phone woke me out of a deep sleep and told me that I had a message. I walked out of the bedroom, where Beth was sleeping soundly. It was amazing how easily she disconnected. It hadn’t been three hours since she’d found out that my boyfriend and his brother were aliens, and there she was sleeping like a log. I snuck into the bathroom and switched on the fluorescent light, which blinded me for a second, filling my eyes with tiny points of light. All too bright for this time in the morning. I looked at the screen, smiling when I saw who the message was from.

‘I shouldn’t be sending you this message but I don’t care. I need answers. Call me, Luke.’

I hesitated before I pressed the call key but eventually I did. The phone can only have rung once before he answered, his voice tense and hoarse, like a violin string. 

‘About time,’ he said abruptly.

‘Well pardon me for sleeping at night, like normal people do,’ I shot back; ‘what do you want?’

‘Did you tell her everything?’ he asked.

‘Yes.’

I wasn’t going to go into any more detail until he changed his tone. He seemed to be accusing me of revealing his secret to Beth and I wasn’t prepared to put up with it.

‘And what did she say?’ he demanded.

‘What do you think?’ I answered evasively.

‘Stella please; I need to know what she said. I’m tempted to jump on my bike right now, come over to your place and drag her out of bed to ask her myself. So either you tell me or I’m on my way.’ His laboured breathing surprised me; he sounded really concerned.

Was he really that worried about what Beth thought?

‘I don’t know why you’re getting so worked up; Beth is one of those people that get over things quickly. After the initial shock, she took it very well. We were even making jokes about it. 

‘But will she keep her mouth shut?’

Ah, that was it. Luke was worried that because he didn’t know if my friend would be able to keep their little secret. I thought it was odd that he was so anxious about Beth. I smiled, although he couldn’t see me.

‘Don’t beat yourself up about that, nobody keeps a secret better than Beth,’ I said, trying to sound believable.

‘I hope so. Erik said the same thing but I needed to hear it from you.’ His voice trembled slightly when he said the last few words. 

Without knowing why, I suddenly felt awkward about talking to Luke in secret, sitting on the toilet seat in my pyjamas at this ungodly hour of the morning. 

‘Well, if that’s all, I’ll go back to bed then.’ I said, meaning to end the conversation.

‘Want me to tuck you in?’ he answered mischievously. The red-haired imp was back again.

‘Goodbye Luke,’ I said, ending the call without waiting for a response.

I went back to the bedroom smiling and thinking about the bizarre conversation. Was Luke really worried about his secret being kept, or was there something else? Part of me, that sixth sense which seemed to go round with me and was almost never wrong, told me that Luke wasn’t totally indifferent about Beth’s opinion of him. With that idea going around my head I got into bed, pulling the covers up to my eyes, trying to get some warmth back into my body. It had been bitterly cold in the bathroom and I was frozen to the bone in my thin cotton pyjamas. I turned over a couple of times and that was enough to send me back into a deep sleep.


The alarm clock dragged me out of my slumbers. Was there anything worse than that piercing, annoying sound which never gave up until it had achieved its evil aim of getting me out of bed?

I gave the mattress a kick, hauling myself up until I was sitting on the bed. I looked over and was surprised to see that Beth wasn’t in her bed. She’d got up before the alarm went off. Incredible. Sheer curiosity as to why she’d got up so early made me jump up and go looking for her. 

‘Beth!’ I yelled, making my way down the corridor.

‘I’m in the kitchen!’ I heard her holler.

I walked in and found her sitting in her thick bathrobe with a cup of coffee in one hand, tapping at her laptop with the other.

‘What time did you get up?’ I asked, helping myself to some freshly-made coffee from the cafetiere. 

‘I don’t know, a while ago,’ she answered, not really paying much attention to me.

Or should I say, ignoring me completely.

‘What are you doing?’

I sat beside her, holding my cup in both hands, letting the pleasing warmth of the porcelain flow over my cold hands.

‘Looking at Google about aliens,’ she said as if she was looking for a flight to Toronto.

I shook my head. Beth had it worse than me. I hadn’t even bothered to look up where my boyfriend was from, I’d just asked him. I wasn’t sure how true the information Beth might get off the Internet would be. Too many urban myths. I leaned over and couldn’t help chuckling when I saw what she was looking for.

“Sexual preferences of extra-terrestrials.”

‘Beth, what are you hoping to find?’ I asked, choking back a giggle.

‘Go ahead, laugh, but let me guess: you still haven’t got past first base with Erik, am I right?’ she half-sneered, raising one eyebrow as she often did.

‘This isn’t baseball, there are no bases; everything happens at its own pace.’ I felt the blood rush to my face and Beth smiled triumphantly. I hated it when she did that.

‘You wait as long as you like but I’m not going to sit around holding hands with a hunk like Luke while you do with Erik.’ She tossed her hair, with a self-satisfied smirk on her face.

‘Erik loves me and he thinks that if we take that step, I might feel that he was taking advantage of me, like he did before with…’ I choked on the words, unable to finish my sentence. I didn’t like to think about the reason why Erik had come here, to Earth. 

‘Excuses, excuses. Well, according to what I’ve read, some aliens don’t have a… you know. A male member,’ she said, raising a fist as a phallic symbol. ‘Maybe Erik’s one of them,’ she winked.

‘Yeah, right! That’s just dumb, and so are you if you believe all that trash. I closed her laptop, leaving her profound, fascinating research unfinished. ‘First you should try to get to the holding hands stage with Luke; to be honest, I doubt you’ll get that far.’

‘Come on, don’t get jealous,’ she said peevishly.

My face must have been bright red, judging by the heat I felt in my earlobes and the pulse pounding in my neck. I wasn’t sure that all this ‘no secrets between me and Beth’ stuff was such a good idea after all.

‘Just don’t get your hopes up about Luke.’

Despite being furious about Beth’s condescending tone, I felt I had to warn her once more about him.

I went to the bedroom with Beth right behind me. In just over half an hour I had to be at the University and I hadn’t had time to go over the backlog of classwork I’d built up. I slung some clothes on while Beth took her time making herself up in front of the mirror.

‘We’re going to be late,’ I said, picking up a couple of books and my folder full of notes from the small, ramshackle but usable desk we had by the window. 

Beth dressed unhurriedly, checking every so often that she liked what she saw in the mirror. I gave an exasperated snort.

‘I’m out of here, see you in class.’ I left the room to go outside.

I really didn’t want to turn up late after a whole week of not turning up at all. I knew that some of the teachers weren’t going to make things easy for me because of my lack of interest, and I didn’t want to make things worse. I was about to close the door behind me when Beth raced out, screaming like a madwoman for me not to go without her. I smiled and rolled my eyes. Every morning it was the same old song; she never got a move on unless I threatened to leave without her.

We started walking in the cold winter air that hit us as soon as we opened the front door. I looked up, hoping to see the sun and matching blue skies. I was out of luck; we were greeted by another grey, overcast morning as usual. I shivered inside my overcoat and pulled my scarf up to the eyes to fight off the cold. I looked in amazement at my friend. She was wearing a light scarf knotted at the neck and her jacket was half-unbuttoned, heroically showing off her cleavage, while I was frozen up to the eyebrows. My curiosity got the better of me.

‘Aren’t you cold? You’re dressed as if it was spring and it’s freezing! How can you stand it?’ I asked through chattering teeth.

Wasn’t Beth made of flesh and blood, like the rest of us mere mortals?

‘It’s easy, I just think of Luke and I get real hot…’ She pretended to fan herself.

‘You’re seriously out to lunch!’ I laughed, ‘And you’re going to end up with pneumonia!’

We kept on joking the rest of the way. I didn’t realize there was someone waiting for me on the corner until he stepped out towards me. He was wearing a corduroy hat and sunglasses which hid his face from me. I felt his hand brush my arm and I jumped around. He didn’t say anything and neither did I, but I could feel his gaze penetrating into my eyes through the dark glass. 

Beth walked on, talking to herself, until she realized that I’d stopped still a few yards behind her, with a stranger holding me by the arm.

‘Hey! Let her go!’ she yelled, running towards us.

The stranger ran off as fast as he’d appeared. I was dumbstruck. What had just happened? Beth frowned at me. I can’t have looked too good, judging by the worried look on her face.

‘Who was that? Did he do anything to you?’ she asked, giving me a quick shake to wake me up out of my paralysis. 

‘No… I don’t know,’ I said uncertainly, looking around for the mysterious stalker. 

‘Are you ok?’

‘I… I think so, I’m not sure; that was really weird.’ I was still distracted.

I wanted to put into words what I’d just felt when he’d touched me. I felt like I knew him. An electric current, like the one I felt when Erik touched me, had flowed through my body when I felt his hand on my arm. I couldn’t describe it, it was just a feeling. A feeling that gave me goose bumps and froze my blood.

I decided not to tell Beth.

‘We’d better hurry or we’ll never get there,’ I said, moving off.

My friend was very quiet the rest of the way. We said goodbye at the main doors of the building; we’d see each other in class later, well into the afternoon.

It was a weird morning. I was turning the morning’s unexpected events over in my mind, even more than usual, earning more than one less-than-complimentary comment from my teachers. Who could that stranger be? And more worryingly, what did he want from me?

I came out of class with a sense of uneasiness in my stomach and a bad taste in my mouth. My mood improved no end when I saw my angel, with his sky-blue eyes and golden hair waiting for me outside, leaning against a tree with an attractive smile on his lips. Our eyes met and for a moment the outside world disappeared. I walked over and threw myself into his arms, eager for his kisses as if it were the first time. Erik calmed my fears with his sweet lips. The problem was that he knew me too well, and that complicated everything.

‘What’s the matter?’ he asked, his lips inches from my mouth, his forehead pressing gently against mine.

‘Why should anything be the matter?’ I answered defensively. Too slippery.

‘Let’s skip the part where you contradict me while I try to get you to tell me what’s going on; just tell me what’s worrying you, no beating around the bush.’ His voice was as sweet as his eyes, but I still didn’t want to tell him what had happened that morning.

Erik looked at me, scrutinizing me with his sea-blue eyes, breaking down all my barriers, shattering them. I took a deep breath before answering him.

‘This morning, on my way here, a stranger came out of nowhere and grabbed my arm,’ I confessed, looking away from his inquiring eyes.

I felt dumb for making such a big thing out of it.

‘And? There’s more, isn’t there?’ He wanted to sound calm, but there was a subtle tension in his voice.

‘Let’s sit down,’ I suggested, pointing at a nearby bench.

We made ourselves comfortable. Erik waited silently for me to begin.

‘It was really weird. The guy didn’t say anything, he just stared at me and held my arm,’ I said, playing with a loose thread from one of my woollen gloves.

‘What did he look like?’

I didn’t want Erik to make more out of this than I had. I thought I could play it down by saying that I was just seeing ghosts that weren’t really there, but right then he looked as intrigued and as worried as I was.

‘I couldn’t really see; he was wearing a hat which hid part of his face and big sunglasses,’ I confessed, shrugging my shoulders.

‘So how do you know he was looking at you?’ The question was obvious.

I didn’t really want to tell him what I’d felt, but by the look of things I had no choice.

‘Because I felt him looking at me, and as well…’ I stopped dead, aware that what I was about to say might alarm him a great deal.

‘What? Tell me,’ he begged in a whisper.

‘I felt the same thing I feel when you touch me,’ I admitted in embarrassment.  My cheeks flushed red despite the glacial wind which was rasping at my face.

‘I don’t like it,’ he murmured in a voice so low that I wasn’t even sure I’d heard him right.

I stared at him open-mouthed, waiting for him to say something else. He turned to me, his heavenly eyes darker than usual but as blue as ever.

‘You must be starving,’ he said, changing the subject completely. ‘Let’s go eat.’

I nodded wordlessly. We started walking hand in hand, towards the shiny black Audi on the corner. The anxiety I felt in the pit of my stomach wasn’t normal. I had the feeling someone was following us. It was the same as when I’d first met Erik, but he was there beside me and couldn’t be to blame for my unease. I looked over his shoulder looking for some suspicious-looking figure, unsure as to what I meant by ‘suspicious’. I didn’t see anybody who sparked any curiosity in me. I shook my head, trying to get rid of the paranoia I was feeling and got into the car, grateful for the warmth on my numb body.

The fast food restaurant was packed to the rafters. We found a small table near the door which was free. I sat down and waited for Erik to bring over our hamburgers and fries. I watched him come towards me, cutting a dashing figure holding the tray in one hand, and my heart skipped a beat. The way his wavy blond hair fell over his beautiful face, like stalks of wheat, made me gasp. Was it possible that nobody else realized how special Erik was, and that he could go unnoticed like just another face in the crowd?

I put my hand in the pocket of the overcoat that I’d draped over the back of my chair to give Erik some money.

‘Don’t even think about it,’ he said, placing the tray on the table; ‘this is my treat.’

‘It’s always your treat,’ I objected.

‘Right. That way you don’t have to give me anything.’ He sat next to me and took off his leather jacket.

‘What’s…’ I stammered; something had jabbed my finger while I was fumbling for money.

I pulled out a piece of beautifully folded paper. It was no doubt the corner of the perfect square which had stabbed me underneath the fingernail. I unfolded it quickly; I couldn’t recall what it was, or what it was doing in my pocket.

Another anonymous note.

Erik leaned over my plate to see what I was looking at so avidly. He frowned, and when I looked at him I saw that his eyes had darkened alarmingly.

‘When did you get that?’ His voice sounded completely neutral.

‘I don’t know, I didn’t even know…’ Why didn’t I realize before? ‘Of course! The stranger this morning; that was no coincidence! Maybe he’s the one who’s writing these notes and he left this one in my pocket,’ I mused, letting Erik in on what I was thinking.

‘I don’t like this one little bit; so now he’s bold enough to come up to you in the street? And what it says here isn’t going to happen either: “I’ll see you at your place tonight. Don’t be afraid, I’m not the one who might hurt you.” Who does he think he is?! I’m not letting him anywhere near you!’ he roared, banging a fist on the table. 

I’d never seen Erik so upset, except when Luke was around. It reminded me of the year before when he’d floored him with a punch for stepping over the line with me.

‘I think the best thing to do is get this over and done with.’ It wasn’t like me to be so calm. The stranger, although he unnerved me, didn’t scare me in the least. ‘We’ll get all the answers tonight.’

Erik didn’t answer. He just clenched his jaw, tensing all the muscles in his face.

‘I’ll stay at your place till tomorrow,’ he said eventually.

‘Fine, if it makes you feel better.’ I gave in to him but I was worried.

My boyfriend didn’t realize that his efforts to take care of me scared me even more.

I pushed the tray of food aside. I couldn’t eat a thing now. I didn’t have the stomach for it.













































Circumstances



“Circumstances…words devoid of meaning with which men attempt to attribute to ideal beings the responsibility for their follies.”

Mariano José de Larra



I looked at my watch for the eleventh time. It was almost ten at night. I looked at it again then sat on the sofa next to Erik. My watch didn’t tell me what time Luke would turn up. Erik slipped one arm around my shoulders to draw me closer and rest my head on his chest. I felt a little safer in his arms. As always, my angel had the power to calm me down. He’d taken me by surprise when he told me that Luke would come by tonight. He didn’t want to admit it, but he knew that Luke coming over was no coincidence. Erik was very tense (more than me) about our mysterious appointment and although he was trying to hide it, he wasn’t doing a very good job. It was clear that Luke was coming because they both thought that this might be dangerous. 

Right now his face didn’t exude the calmness and confidence that I would have liked. His eyes were clouded by mistrust, a sky full of storm clouds. 

The doorbell rang, waking me from my reveries. Erik and I both jumped up. I was so nervous about the supposed revelation I was going to get, that I couldn’t think straight. Was it Luke or the mysterious stranger? I walked quickly across the small dining room and tugged the front door open, without looking through the peephole first.

A face I had yearned for, a very familiar face, appeared before me.

He wasn’t real. He couldn’t be real.

My mind was playing tricks on me. I rubbed my eyes, trying to erase the image in front of me.

It was him. There was no doubt about it. I’d have recognised him anywhere. Just for a moment, everything was like it was before. I’d woken up from a bad dream. I smiled uneasily. That’s all it had been, a bad dream. Everything would be like before, it would all fit together because all the pieces in the puzzle of my life were there now. He hadn’t really gone forever, like I’d thought, because here he was with his big, chocolate-coloured eyes and his elegant poise. I threw myself onto him, the tears streaming down my face. But this time they were tears of happiness. 

‘My child,’ murmured the person that I’d most missed in the world; he pulled slightly away to get a better look at me. 

I couldn’t speak. Neither my frozen lips nor my body could respond to his greeting. If this was a dream it was too vivid, even for my hyperactive subconscious. I took a deep breath, trying to take it all in. Had Nicole been right? So she had seen him, just like I was seeing him now?

‘You’ve changed; you’re all grown up, my beautiful girl.’ His words caressed me like a sweet lullaby.

‘Dad: is it really you?’ I managed to ask shakily.

‘Yes, sweetheart. It’s really me.’ He pulled away a little more, cautiously and carefully as if he didn’t know how I was going to react. ‘And you’ve no idea how much I’ve missed you.’

I couldn’t believe it. My father was right in front of me, when I’d thought he was dead. I started to tremble. I broke the invisible wall that stood between us and hugged him again. Carl held me tightly against his chest, and I cried with happiness, drying my tears on his thick sweater.

He looked away for an instant and shifted his gaze beyond me, into the room, centering on the figure standing very still behind me. I turned around slowly to look at Erik and from his tense face and dark expression I could tell what was about to happen. I came back to reality with a jolt. 

I would have to choose. Again. Only this time I wasn’t sure. They were both my life.

‘What’s he doing here?’ muttered Carl as soon as he saw who was behind me. 

‘I could ask the same thing,’ countered Erik. I was surprised at the boldness of his tone.

I opened my mouth to scold him for his lack of respect; I wasn’t going to put up with that. But something stopped me dead: their eyes, the wordless challenge between them, the obvious mistrust. Something was going on and, as usual, I was the last to know.

‘Erik, why are you talking to my father like that?’ I asked, knitting my brows.

‘Princess, we’d better sit down. There are many things you need to know,’ said Carl, putting his arm around my shoulders without giving Erik a chance to answer. ‘I think you can go now,’ he said to Erik without looking at him. 

‘I’ll only go if Stella asks me to.’

I didn’t understand the defiance that had appeared between them. It was clear that if they both stayed, neither of them would speak freely; and after all I’d just got my father back. I didn’t like Erik’s attitude. Nor did I understand it.

‘Erik, I…’ I felt terrible throwing him out of the house but I needed to be alone with my father. ‘I’ll see you tomorrow, ok?’

His face clouded over and I saw disappointment in his sky-blue eyes. He was trying to look calmer than he really felt. He came over and kissed me gently on the lips to say goodbye. I watched him stride away. Carl reached out an arm and closed the door, hiding Erik from my sight; my heart sank.

We both sat on the sofa. We didn’t say a word. Neither of us wanted to start the awkward conversation. I looked at Carl in silence. He’d changed. He was no longer the cheerful dreamer I’d shared my childhood with. His coal-black hair, too short for my taste, hardened his features. He was still a good-looking man, but there was no trace of the goodness which used to light up his face.

I shifted uncomfortably. It felt like I was sitting on barbed wire.

‘Would you like some tea?’ I asked, trying to break the ice and get me away from him for a while.

‘Yes, sure, a tea would be fine.’ He looked at me sadly. ‘Your mother used to put in a stick of cinnamon.’

‘She still does,’ I answered coldly. ‘You’d know that if you hadn’t disappeared.’

He looked down, avoiding my gaze.

I turned around and went into the kitchen to make the tea. I couldn’t stand being in there one more second, I was being overwhelmed. Now that I was over the initial surprise, negative feelings were beginning to take hold. The last two years had been a nightmare for me and Nicole. Memories full of pain and bitterness flooded through my head and made my heart pound. And now, it turned out, we could have saved ourselves all that suffering. My father was alive; I should have been jumping for joy but my body and mind were reacting strangely and I couldn’t do anything about it. I felt like I was trapped in a (bad) dream that I’d wake up from sooner or later. 

I got two cups ready slowly while the water boiled. I put everything on a small tray, along with some sugar lumps and a small jug of milk. 

‘Smells good,’ said my father, stirring the amber liquid in his cup and adding sugar.

‘Thanks,’ I replied, sipping at my milky tea, feeling it stinging my dry lips. ‘So; I reckon it’s time you explained what’s going on here. I’m starting to think that you must have gone crazy, staging your own death; and I don’t like it. Why did you disappear and make us believe you were dead? Do you know how much you hurt us? Do you know how much mum is still suffering even now?’

‘There’s nothing I can say that can justify what I did; it was just circumstances working against me. I had to go away. I’m so sorry.’ I looked accusingly at the man that I’d loved and missed so much; and now I hardly recognised him.

‘There are no circumstances, no excuses for a father to abandon his daughter. No amount of apologising can make up for all the hurt and suffering that you put us through,’ I said bitterly. ‘Did you know that mum still weeps for you? Did you know she’s moved to grandma and grandpa’s house because she thought she saw you and can’t get over it? What ‘circumstances’ that you can come up with can possibly justify that?’ I stared at him furiously. ‘I don’t know you, you’re not my father.’ Right away I regretted saying that, but I couldn’t help myself. It was how I felt.

I felt deceived, betrayed and disappointed. Above all, disappointed.

Carl looked at me, his eyes full of pain and sadness. It hurt me to see him suffering, but he had to take responsibility for what he’d done and accept my rejection. After the way he’d behaved, he couldn’t just walk back into my life like nothing had happened. 

‘Just let me explain why I did it and then judge me for yourself. I don’t blame you for despising me; I despise myself for abandoning you, but it was for your own good.’

The man who looked so much like my father put his hand on mine and squeezed it tightly. What did I have to lose by listening to him? Life was giving me a second chance with my father, and I didn’t want to waste it by being permanently angry with him. And what if he had good reasons to stage his own death? Something important began to grow in my heart. I didn’t want to lose him again. 

‘All right, tell me,’ I said eventually.

































The truth


“The truth is rarely pure and never simple.”

Oscar Wilde




‘I was sick,’ he said suddenly, as if that explained everything.

‘So what? Sick people go to hospital with their families by their side. You’re on the wrong track if you think you can fool me again.’ I crossed my arms and leaned back in the armchair.

This was the last straw! Two, three years keeping up this farce and now he comes with more lies. I snorted loudly to make my disgust with him clear.

‘Stella please, let me explain; don’t interrupt me,’ he said, his gaze fixed on his hands resting on his knees. His posture was as rigid as my attitude.

I didn’t answer him. I just waved my hand as a sign that he could go on. The situation hurt me to my soul, but so did his deception. I listened impassively while Carl talked.

‘They told me that what I had was incurable; I got scared, I was going to lose everything overnight.’ He turned to me, his face twisted with pain, asking for an understanding that I found difficult to give him. ‘You must understand: I had no choice. I didn’t want you both to watch me waste away and suffer on my account.’

I looked into his eyes for an instant: he was still hiding something. I couldn’t hold his gaze and that annoyed me. Why would he come back just to keep on deceiving me? This time I wasn’t going to allow it.

‘So you preferred to destroy our lives by faking your own death?’ I countered. ‘You’re just selfish; you only thought about yourself, about your feelings. What about us? What about our feelings?’

I jumped to my feet. If that was all he could say in his own defence, I’d rather carry on having a dead father. I would never forgive him as long as I lived for what he did, so it was as if he had burnt to death in that fire. I went straight to the front door. My legs were shaking and my heart was pounding in my throat. I couldn’t believe what I was doing but either Carl was straight with me or we had nothing else to say to each other.

‘Can I ask you something?’ I murmured as he passed by me on the way to the door, head bowed and dragging his feet. 

‘Sure.’ A ray of hope lit up his gloomy face.

‘How do you know my boyfriend?’

The change that came over my father’s face terrified me. Something still didn’t fit in this whole story. I was starting to regret throwing him out of the house so hastily. He still had a lot more to tell me. 

‘He can’t be your boyfriend,’ he muttered, clenching his jaw and both fists.

He saw the shock on my face and calmed down straight away. He reminded me of Erik when he was trying to hide his feelings. 

‘I know all this is too much for you. Get some rest tonight and we’ll talk tomorrow, when you’ve had a chance to think about it.’

He ran his fingers hesitantly over my cheek like a caress but as if he was touching something incredibly delicate that might break at any moment. I was still amazed by the change in his attitude. I simply nodded, closed the door behind him and leaned against the wooden door frame.

I gave a start when suddenly somebody behind me began banging desperately on the door. The wood vibrated against my spine. I flung the door open and my father flew in, followed by Luke.

‘What are you doing here?’ demanded Luke with an air of authority. Carl was astonished. ‘Does she know who you really are? Have you told her everything, or would you like me to do it?’ he threatened.

I gaped at him in total surprise, as if I was watching a film utterly detached from my life. It was surreal to watch my father, who I thought was dead until a few hours ago, fighting with my extra-terrestrial nightmare. I snapped out of my daydream to see if I could find out something, anything.

‘Luke, what do you think you’re doing?! He’s my father!’ I screeched, trying to make myself heard. 

‘I’ll tell you what’s going on.’ I jumped when I heard Erik’s calm, smooth voice behind me. 

I hadn’t realized that I was still holding the door open, my fingers holding the handle tight, my knuckles digging into my skin.

Erik released the pressure by taking my hand and stretching it out firmly. Carl and Luke had stopped arguing. My father looked furious but Luke had a half-smile on his face, like he’d just won a competition. It was clear that something was going on between them and I was the only one out of the loop, what a surprise! Well, not for much longer.

‘Dad, what is all this? How do you know them? Why are they threatening to tell me something that you won’t?’ I had so many questions crowding my head but those three would do for now.

‘You don’t need to know everything, sweetheart,’ said Carl in a very offhand way.

Luke snickered.

‘I think you just blew it,’ he said, patting my father on the shoulder as if they were best friends. 

Carl glared at him incomprehendingly, but when our eyes met he knew that I wasn’t in the least impressed.

‘I’m sorry Dad, but I need to know everything,’ I said, crossing my arms.

‘Stella has every right to know who you are. So either you tell her or we will.’ Erik’s cold tone of voice scared me.

I looked at them both: they were staring at each other, involved in some kind of face-off. Neither one would look away. Erik’s posture was still very tense. My father, by contrast, seemed like he was possessed by an almost supernatural calm. Again I felt that I didn’t know him at all even though his face was so familiar.

‘Is this going to take long?’ scoffed Luke.

He was the only one who appeared to be enjoying the situation. He dropped onto the sofa while Carl took a chair and Erik led me through the dining room. We sat next to his brother. 

‘Just explain it all to me, Dad,’ I pleaded once more.

I didn’t know if I would like what I was about to hear, but I needed to hear it. Something deep in my heart was telling me that Dad hadn’t been upfront with me earlier.

He rubbed his temple as if he was trying to call up distant thoughts from some corner of his memory.

‘Stella, how much do you know about these ‘friends’ of yours?’

‘Not that again,’ I sighed.

‘Please,’ he replied, fixing me with his chocolate-brown eyes; ‘I need you to answer before I explain anything.’

‘All right,’ I said reluctantly. I wasn’t sure where that had come from, but I wasn’t going to make him beg. ‘I met them last year in Chemainus. They moved here from Iceland to get to know our culture better, and so on and so forth…’ That was the official version I’d given everyone about my extra-terrestrial boyfriend and his brother. 

Erik and Luke both gave a little smile as if what I’d said was hilariously funny. Their attitude bothered me; what was I supposed to tell my father: that they were a pair of manipulative aliens? If my father was alive, he’d probably drop dead from the shock.

‘Could you be more specific?’ My father looked at me earnestly.

‘I don’t know what else you want to know. Anyway, it’s you that should be giving explanations around here.’ I was annoyed by the reversal of roles.

Carl shifted his gaze to the twins, observing them closely, trying to find deep inside them what I couldn’t explain in words. 

‘You are aware that they’re not human?’ There was harshness in his voice.

My face showed my surprise. How did my father know where Erik and Luke were from? How much could I tell him without betraying them?

‘Yes,’ I answered timidly, lowering my gaze. ‘How did you know that?’

I didn’t dare look at him. I felt ashamed without really knowing why.

‘Because I’m not human either.’

‘What?!’

My eyes almost popped out of my head. This was nonsense, it had to be! My father, the man who’d given me life, who’d raised me, who’d given me a foundation for my life, one of the few people I thought I knew well, was saying he was… an alien?! 

‘Stella, are you ok?’ I heard Erik whisper.

Carl stood up and came over. He tried to touch me but my reaction wasn’t what he’d expected.

‘Leave me alone! Don’t touch me! You hear me?!’ I cried, running for my bedroom and bumping into someone in the hallway.

It was Beth, and her face was an exact copy of mine. Bewilderment, disbelief and rage. 

She said something I didn’t understand but I ignored her, ran into my room and slammed the door shut.

A few moments later someone knocked loudly on the door, making the wooden frame quiver. 

‘Stella, can I come in?’ Carl’s voice was muffled.

‘No!’ I yelled.

He took no notice and opened the door cautiously, as if he was expecting something sharp to be thrown at him. I turned my head and covered my face with my pillow. I felt like I was about to suffocate from a combination of impotence and lack of oxygen. I could barely control myself. I was furious, out of my mind. My father, my reason for existing, my foundation, had just completely destroyed me. Who the hell was this man who’d just sat down on the bed next to me? Who the hell was I?

‘I know how you feel,’ he began.

‘No you don’t, you have no idea how I feel, you can’t even imagine it otherwise you wouldn’t be in here, I can assure you. You’d have run off and left me alone for good,’ I snarled. 

I still had my face buried in my pillow to avoid looking at him, but I could tell by how he shifted on the mattress that my words had stung him. A few minutes passed and still Carl said nothing. For a moment I thought he’d gone. I couldn’t feel him close, couldn’t hear him breathing, couldn’t feel his weight on the bed. I looked up slowly. He was leaning on the door, watching me. He looked old and worn out, gazing at me with painful resignation but without losing his composure, thanks to that natural poise which he’d always had and which I’d always admired so much.

‘I won’t bother you any more.’ He sounded far away and his words muddled. ’I left you my address,’ he added, pointing at a small visiting card on the desk, ‘if one day you want to find out who I am and who you are, I’ll be waiting. Just one more thing.’ He looked at me with that intense, penetrating gaze that I remembered from my childhood when I’d done something wrong and he’d caught me red-handed. Just for a moment I felt like a little girl again, wondering what punishment I was going to get this time. ‘Don’t trust your new friends.’

That was the last straw. I burst like an overfilled balloon punctured with a pin.

‘What gives you the right to tell me who I should and shouldn’t trust?! At least Erik was honest with me, which is more than I can say for you!’ I blurted, staring right at him but feeling my cheeks flushing red and my heart thumping.

‘Are you sure about that?’ he replied raising an eyebrow, the corners of his lips curling upwards. ‘So why didn’t they tell you who I was? From what I can tell he knew about me a while ago. So just ask yourself why he hid it from you. Why did he keep me away from you? Why did I have to resort to those stupid anonymous notes so that they didn’t know who was watching them?’ He saw the look of astonishment on my face. ‘If you trust him so much, ask him.’

Without saying another word he walked out, leaving me with a dumb look on my face, trying to understand what was going on. He couldn’t just leave like that; ok so I’d thrown him out, but what did he expect? A pat on the back? It wasn’t fair. Nobody was telling me the truth and I wasn’t going to put up with it any longer. I stood up, determined to get to the bottom of it. A loud clap of thunder boomed around the house, rattling the glass in the windows. The lights in the bedroom blinked before going back to normal. 

I strode into the dining room. Erik was pacing up and down; the only thing I could hear was sound of the soles of his trainers on the wooden floor. Luke was still sitting down, looking intently at the screen of his phone, fingers flying over the keypad. Beth was the only one who looked at me, cup of tea trembling in her hands and a look of disbelief on her pallid face. I wasn’t even worried right then about what she might be thinking, I was too wrapped up in my own feelings to worry about other peoples’.

‘Erik, we have to talk,’ I said, getting the attention of all three. Erik stopped his pacing and rushed over to me.

‘Are you ok?’ he asked quietly.

‘That doesn’t matter right now,’ I replied coldly. Luke looked at us but I couldn’t tell if he was worried or if he was enjoying the way things were playing out. I hated being a public spectacle. ‘Let’s go outside.’

I took my jacket off the hanger in the hallway and went out, with Erik following a few paces behind. I didn’t want to look back at him. I was too angry and the last thing I needed to see was that face that drove me crazy. Out on the street it was pouring with rain. A grey blanket like liquid silver was blocking my way. For a moment, I watched the water falling under the pale white of the streetlights. I turned round and stayed in the entrance hall with the artificial glow lighting me from behind, my face half-hidden in shadow. It was better that way; I didn’t want Erik to see the disappointment I was feeling.

‘How long have you known about my father?’ I went straight to the point. My voice, half-choked with rage, was barely louder than the clatter of the rain against the asphalt. 

‘Stella, I…’ I felt another excuse coming on.

‘Enough! No more lies, Erik! I’ll ask you again. How long have you known about my father?’ My lips quivered as much as my voice.

‘Since that day at the lake, after we graduated.’ He looked beaten.

‘Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you tell me he was alive?’ Tears burnt my eyes, fighting to get out. 

‘Because I wasn’t sure.’ I looked at him with a mixture of pain and curiosity; he began to tell me everything. ‘From the moment I met you, I knew you were different, that you weren’t like other girls. At first I thought it was just because I’d fallen in love with you and my heart was making me see things that weren’t there. But after you were kidnapped,’ – he took a deep breath and clenched his teeth and his fists before going on – ‘when Rudolf couldn’t get into your mind, I thought maybe it was because we can’t communicate telepathically with humans. But you managed to contact me and that threw me completely. I began to look into your family background and that led me to suspect your father. He was the only one I could find very little on, and even less about his past. His mysterious death, not finding the body… It all made me suspicious. But I had no proof to offer you.’ His voice gave away his anxiety. ‘When Luke came back from his trip to Europe a couple of months ago, he told me what he’d found out about your father and that he was sure I was right about who he was. 

I could feel how much it hurt him to admit what he’d done, but that wasn’t enough. Excuses weren’t enough. I breathed deeply and closed my eyes, forming the next question in my mind.

‘So my father is Kaelian, like you?’ It sounded so unlikely, despite the fact that it was me saying it.

‘Yes, he was a colleague of my father’s before he abandoned his mission here on Earth.’ Erik didn’t look at me; he had his hands in his pockets and his shoulders were stooped, as if they were carrying a great weight. He spoke without looking up from the dirty, worn tiles. ‘They both ran when they showed their hand but they caught my father and… Well, you know how that ended up. Your father was more fortunate; he acted like he was repentant and moved to the USA to carry on with his research. He lived incognito for a while, with little or no contact with other Kaelians; then he met your mother and had you. What I still don’t know is why he staged his own death and disappeared. You’ll have to ask him that.’

I stared in astonishment at the guy who’d been my dream, the love of my life, my angel. How many more lies were waiting around the corner? I wanted to give him the chance to tell me the whole truth. For his sake. And for mine.

‘Why didn’t you tell me right away? What did you have to gain by hiding it from me?’ 

‘Because I was hoping to live a normal life with you, I was hoping that none of this would come out and that you’d carry on being you.’ He looked at me apologetically, desperately seeking my understanding; but I wasn’t prepared to give it to him. 

‘So ignorance makes me more human?’ The words just came out. ‘I’m not even sure who I am any more: alien, human, or a weirdo who doesn’t belong anywhere! Thanks a lot, me still being me and not knowing anything about where I’m from makes me feel a whole lot better!’ I snapped.

‘Stella please, forgive me; I was wrong, I admit that, but I was scared of losing you.’

He held my gaze for a few seconds, scrutinizing me with his blue eyes. My heart was pounding, my temples throbbing. How could he deceive me like that? I’d trusted him completely and how had he paid me back? By lying to me. Tears started to flow down my cheeks, blurring Erik’s face. I couldn’t take his pain any more, or mine either. I started to run without thinking, I just went with it. The rain slammed into my face, my hair stuck to my cheeks, but I couldn’t stop running. I needed to go. I needed to get out of there. Forget about everything, forget about everyone. I wasn’t like Beth or Erik. I was a weirdo, a hybrid who didn’t know anything about her own nature or how to face the future. My tears were mixed with the raindrops which fell like a curtain over my face. I heard the faraway splashing of footsteps running after me. Then a voice which broke my heart into a thousand pieces rang through the silent street.

‘Stella! Stella!’

I heard my name again and again, closer and closer, until I felt two strong arms around me, forcing me to stop and throwing me to the ground. We rolled over each other, the mud from the park sticking to our clothes like a second skin. I struggled with Erik, punching his arms, but it was no use. I couldn’t get away. He still held me as tightly as ever. I gave up the fight exhausted, hurt, soaked and shivering. I gave in to his embrace, sobbing against his body. Erik sat up, leaning on a tree with my back against his chest and my head resting on his shoulder. He caressed my mud-spattered hair, whispering something softly in my ear. I turned my head to look at his face. Water ran like little waterfalls through his hair, straightening it more than usual; his sunken eyes shone darker than ever with an intensity I’d never seen before. He took my face in both hands and pressed his lips to mine, kissing me with desperation, with fear, with passion. We were overwhelmed by the warmth of our bodies and the taste of each other’s mouths.

I looked at him expectantly when he pulled away a little. There was something different about him. Determination and a fire in his eyes. He took my hand and helped me up then led me to a bridge a little further down. There we sheltered from the torrential rain which hammered down above our heads.

‘Forgive me, my love. I swear I never meant to hurt you,’ he begged, his voice breaking.

‘Don’t ever lie to me again,’ I warned him, looking him straight in the eyes although in the dark I could only make out the outline of his face.

Erik put both hands on my waist and pushed me against the stone wall. Again he kissed me in desperation, as if it was our last, pulling away from time to time, his warm lips gliding over my neck and shoulders. He ran his hands urgently over my body and I pulled him close and held him tightly. I knew what was going to happen next, and I wanted it to happen. Our bodies belonged to each other. Breathing hard, hearts beating fast, we began to take our soaking wet clothes off clumsily, our lips still searching each other out.

A beam of light suddenly lit up the bridge, exposing us.

‘Let her go right now.’

I recognized that voice. We both looked towards the light. A shadowy figure came towards us. I looked at Erik. He looked bewildered. His torso was naked, that same torso I’d been caressing so inexpertly only seconds before. I felt a flood of shame at what we’d been doing and I lowered my gaze so I didn’t have to look my father in the eye. I pulled my sweater on awkwardly, trying to cover up the obvious. 

‘You have no idea of the mistake you were about to make. You leave me no choice. I know this might be painful, but it’s necessary.’ My father shone his flashlight at me. ‘I’m sorry, sweetheart.’

I was trying to see his face and understand what he was saying, but against my will my eyes began to close and I felt an intense stabbing pain in my temple. At that moment everything ceased to exist for me.



Time out


“Passions are like the winds, which are necessary to give movement to all, but are often due to hurricanes.”

Bernard Le Bouvier de Fontenelle



The misted-up glass meant she couldn’t make much out, but there was no doubt that something strange was going on as she peered out of the window. Nothing. The street was deserted. No sign of Stella. And it had been some time since Luke had gone out to look for his brother. Beth moved away from the window, deep in thought. She looked at her cell and threw it onto the sofa when she saw there were no messages. It was almost two in the morning and Stella was nowhere to be seen. 

Beth went into the kitchen, massaging her neck with both hands. It felt stiff and tense, like it was made of some kind of rigid plastic. She took a cup and filled it to the brim with hot, steaming coffee. She was going to need buckets of it to stay awake because that’s what she was planning to do, wait up for her. Stella needed her. She hadn’t really understood what was going on. It was lucky that Luke had had the decency to bring her up to date when Stella and Erik left the house. The problem was that her friend’s father, who’d supposedly been dead, was an alien from the same planet as the twins, leaving Stella in the middle, between humans and extra-terrestrials.

‘Poor girl, she’s always been peculiar,’ she mused, taking a sip of bitter coffee and resting her head against the kitchen wall. Lost in her thoughts, her eyelids began to feel heavy despite the extra dose of caffeine.

Exhausted and freezing, Luke slumped down onto the cold stone bench. He’d looked everywhere for them but time and again he’d come up with the same result. Nothing. As if they’d vanished from the face of the Earth. Two hours wasn’t enough, especially with no car or a decent motorbike to get away on, he thought morosely. His brother was a big boy now, why couldn’t he start to take care of himself? Why did he have to complicate everything?

He remembered the first day he’d come to Chemainus. Erik had pleaded with him, begged him to help him find Stella’s father. He needed to talk to him, he’d said. And as always, Luke had given in to him. How could he have been so stupid! None of this would have happened if they hadn’t moved heaven and earth to find Carl, and all for what? So he could come along, acting all offended and claiming his paternal rights. It was unbelievable.

“I told him,” he thought, throwing a pebble far out of sight. From the very beginning he knew it was a bad idea to talk to Carl. Erik insisted on demanding an explanation for his disappearance and the damage he’d done to his daughter. And what for? For nothing at all. He’d just succeeded in making Carl angry and now they were trying to solve things by running away. Running? No, he couldn’t believe that Erik was running away, especially with Stella in tow. She was angry, very angry. He’d never seen her like that before, with that look of disappointment etched on her face when she’d run out. She more than deserved it for choosing his idiot brother, but at the same time it hurt him deep down inside; it broke his heart to see Stella suffering so much. He’d seen it in her eyes. He had to find them, he had to.

He stood up, feeling stiff from the cold. He started walking with a single purpose in mind. There was only one problem: he needed help, and he wasn’t looking forward to asking her for it.

The doorbell rang, making Beth jump. Sleep had eventually gotten the better of her. She rubbed her face, sore from resting on the wooden kitchen table. She sprang to her feet and ran to the front door, pulling it open and expecting to see her friend’s face.

‘We have to talk,’ said Luke by way of a greeting.

‘You didn’t find them?’ Beth’s voice gave away her disappointment at seeing Luke and not Stella.

‘No. That’s why we have to talk,’ he snapped, glaring at her as if she was dumb.

‘Well, well; “Super-Luke” couldn’t do it on his own, that’s something new,’ she snapped back. 

‘I’m going to disconnect part of my brain to bring myself down to your intellectual level, so you can understand what I’m saying just for once.’ Beth opened her mouth to say something, but he quickly put his hand over it. She recoiled at the touch of his cold, dry hands on her warm lips. ‘Something weird is going on. It’s not just that I can’t find them physically; I can’t locate them with my mind.’

‘Hold up,’ said Beth, pulling his hand away but still holding onto it as if she might fall; ‘Are you saying you can use telepathy with each other?’ she asked, incredulously.

‘Very good, you’ve just passed your Extra-terrestrial Studies. Any more dumb questions, or can we move on to the important stuff?’ scoffed Luke, glaring at Beth as if he wanted to look right through her.

‘Yeah, I’ve got another question. Were you born an imbecile or did you have to work at it?’

Beth turned on her heels and walked away, leaving him alone in the hallway; she didn’t say a word, she wasn’t even listening. Rage overtook Luke and he couldn’t do anything about it. These primitive human emotions were extremely disturbing but he couldn’t fight them, he couldn’t control them any more. He followed Beth to her room and rapped on the closed door.

‘Get lost!’ was the answer from inside.

‘What do you want – an apology?!’ he bellowed. ‘All right, let me in and I’ll apologize,’ he added reluctantly.

The door half-opened and Beth’s face appeared through the tiny gap between them. Her hair was down and her eyes were burning like fire. 

‘Well?’ asked Beth, raising an eyebrow expecting Luke to apologize.

He pushed the door open, making Beth lose her balance. He took hold of her waist as he walked in quickly, saving her from falling onto the floor. Beth gazed at him with eyes like dinner plates and her heart going at a hundred miles an hour as Luke held her in mid-air, their faces dangerously close to each other.

‘In your dreams,’ grunted Luke pulling away, reading the look of desire in her chocolate-brown eyes.

‘Yeah, you’d love it if I dreamed about you.’ replied Beth with pride; ‘So either you tell me what’s so important or I’ll think it’s just an excuse to get your hands on me.’

Luke grimaced a little too much to be believable. Beth gave a satisfied smile.

‘You have to help me to find them.’

‘You could have told me that before,’ said Beth sitting on the bed with all the calmness in the world. Luke leaned against the desk, staring at Stella’s bed.

‘You didn’t let me, you were too quick on the draw,’ snorted Luke. ‘Anyway, never mind that. You know this town better than I do. Where would you hide if you were an alien and had kidnapped two people?’

No idea. I’m not an alien and I’ve never kidnapped anyone,’ sneered Beth. She could feel Luke glaring at her, making her feel uncomfortable.

‘You realize you’re not helping, do you?’

‘And you realize I can’t think straight with you staring at me like that, do you?’ she replied angrily.

‘I’m not staring.’

‘Whatever.’ Beth blew at a strand of hair that had fallen over her eyes. ‘Ok, tell me where this kidnapping thing comes from.’

‘I think Carl has something to do with it. He’s kidnapped them, I’m sure of it.’

‘But Carl is Beth’s father and Erik’s future father-in-law, so technically it wouldn’t be an abduction, more like a family get-together,’ mused Beth.

‘Could you do me a big favour and actually think of something instead of questioning everything I say?’ muttered Luke, barely containing himself.

‘See? Now it’s you who’s not listening,’ said Beth, feigning offence. ‘What I meant was they’re probably at Stella’s mother’s. Nicole isn’t there and Carl knows that because Stella told him.’ She’d decided to express herself better, given the looks she was getting. ‘I was behind the door while they were talking this evening. I’ve got my own special gossiping powers,’ she said unashamedly, ‘so if I were him I’d have taken them there, to the one place where nobody would look for them.’ There was a triumphant smile on her face.

Luke seemed to weigh this up for a few moments, looking at Beth with renewed curiosity. He looked away and sank back into thought. She couldn’t help looking at him out of the corner of her eye. His tousled auburn hair fell over his neck, almost down to his shoulders, partially hiding his attractive face. His forehead was slightly wrinkled from concentrating. Unexpectedly, he returned her gaze. Beth shifted uncomfortably, closing her half-open lips, about to start drooling. Luke didn’t seem to notice her awkwardness, giving her time to pull herself together. The last thing she wanted was for him to notice how bedazzled she was. That would leave her too exposed, something she’d never done. One thing was going out with hot guys; falling in love with them was quite another. That was her rule. Her trademark. Now she understood more clearly than ever her friend’s advice about Luke. He mustn’t find his way into her heart or even get close to it.

It was too much of a risk; she might fall in love. Just thinking about it made her heart race.

‘… and then we go,’ she heard him say as she came back to reality.

‘Sorry, what?’

Luke rolled his eyes and shook his head.

‘I’ll need you to pay more attention if you want to find your friend and my brother, are you with me?’

Beth nodded, ignoring the irony in his voice.

‘We’re going to Chemainus. Grab what you need, I’ll be waiting outside.’

Beth sat watching as he walked out of the room and headed for the dining room. She blinked a couple of times to regain her composure. Why couldn’t she stop looking at him as if he was the first man on the face of the Earth? It exasperated her and it made her feel vulnerable and predictable. 

Luke brushed his hair back nervously and tucked it behind his ears. What was happening to him? It was that girl, she made him feel uneasy. Her long straight hair, black as a moonless night, looked so smooth and lustrous; it was all he could do not to touch it. This was crazy. He held his head in both hands as if he was trying to clear it of certain unwelcome thoughts. Her voice took him by surprise.

‘I don’t think this is a good idea,’ said Beth, struggling with a heavy suitcase. ‘What are we going to do when we get there?’

‘I don’t know, I’ll think of something on the way.’ Luke wrinkled his brow. ‘What have you got in there?’

‘Just the basics, to survive a couple of days.’

‘A couple of days? You’ve got enough there to clothe a whole family for a year!’ he mocked, pointing at the case she was dragging behind her.

‘Cut out the carping and give me a hand, will you?’ she replied, hands on hips.

Luke said nothing, opened the door and went out, leaving Beth gaping. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Had he just run out on her? She spent five minutes consumed by rage, wondering if she should kill him or just mutilate him a little. Luke appeared again with a backpack on his shoulder. He threw it at her feet. 

‘We’re going by bike. That case won’t fit anywhere unless you’d rather walk. So you’d better downsize the luggage. That backpack is all we’re taking.’ A mocking smile spread across his face. ‘Oh, and we’ll have to share it.’

Beth picked it up angrily and yanked at the zipper as if she wanted to tear it off. There was hardly enough room for all her things. She put in what she could, squeezing out the excess air, unable to say a word, feeling impotent and furious as Luke watched her in amusement. 

Dawn was just breaking when they went outside. The sky was dotted with tiny, brilliant points of light, like diamond dust; the horizon was beginning to brighten, silhouetting the swaying trees. Luke handed her a helmet and she hooked it on her elbow, glaring at him through slitted eyes. He put his helmet on and lowered the tinted visor, hiding his face completely for a moment. When he saw that Beth was still just standing there, he raised the visor wearily. 

‘Travelling by bike means actually getting on it, not just standing there looking at it,’ he said with one foot on the gear shift and the other on the floor. 

‘This could be called a kidnapping, or better still an abduction, given where you’re from,’ growled Beth, putting on her helmet and climbing on behind him.

Luke muttered something she couldn’t catch, then showed his displeasure by starting up and speeding off without even looking. The wind hit Beth so hard that she almost fell off. She grabbed the Kaelian round the waist, clinging to him so hard that their two bodies almost became one. Luke’s heart gave a surprising little somersault, which made him accelerate even more.

Once she’d got over the initial shock, Beth was enjoying herself like a kid with new shoes. This was her golden opportunity. However much he wanted to get away from her, right now he couldn’t stop her from holding him close with all the strength she could muster. She leaned her head forward slowly until it was resting on his back. She felt her breathing quicken as Luke’s chest rose and fell faster and faster. She smiled to herself and for a moment she forgot the reason why they were there, on that powerful noisy bike, and gave in to the pleasure of holding him without thinking about the possible consequences it might have on her well-protected heart.

The sun was peeking timidly through the trees when they reached their destination. Luke turned the engine off before they got to Stella’s house, freewheeling down the slope. Almost nothing stirred on the streets. He parked up a block away on a patch of ground surrounded by trees. He didn’t want to risk being seen in case Beth was right and Carl was there with Stella and Erik.

They got off the bike in silence and took off their helmets without daring to look each other in the eye. It had been a strange journey and both of them felt like something had affected them deep inside; something unknown, too dangerous but attractive at the same time. 

‘I’ve been thinking,’ said Beth, breaking the silence that had fallen between them as they walked towards the house. ‘If we want this to work, we’ll have to start thinking before we speak.’

‘If we want what to work – our plan to free them?’

‘No, dummy; I’m talking about us,’ smiled Beth, showing her perfect teeth framed by those full, rosy lips that Luke found too tempting.

‘There is no ‘us’, ok? When we find them, I’ll go on with my life and you’ll go on with yours,’ Luke spat back.

‘Whatever you say, Lukey,’ she said, as if his words had gone in one ear and out the other.

‘What did you call me?’ Luke stopped dead, his emerald eyes glinting.

‘Lukey. It’s my pet name for you. Every couple uses them.’

Luke felt the blood pounding in his jugular vein, like it was fit to burst.

Beth saw how angry he was and bit her lower lip, instantly regretting her over-honesty.

‘We are not a couple,’ he said through gritted teeth and clenching his jaw, tensing the muscles in his neck. ‘We’re nothing; I don’t even consider us to be friends. Have I made myself clear?’

‘Yeah, yeah; message received,’ said Beth peevishly. ‘I was just kidding, relax or you’ll give yourself a stroke.’

They walked the rest of the way in silence. Beth glanced at Luke a few times without making it obvious. He walked straight-backed, eyes front, without changing his fixed expression. They reached the front yard of the house and crept across the lawn. Luke put a hand on Beth’s shoulder to stop her. She turned to look at him about to object, but he didn’t give her the chance, putting one finger on his lips, telling her to keep quiet. Luke slid along the wall and looked in through the dining room window. Nothing. They carried on round to the back yard and took a look through the kitchen window. Nothing.

They spent a good while pressed against the wall, waiting for some sign of life from inside. Beth began to think that she’d missed her guess. Where was Stella? She sighed loudly, while Luke stood perfectly still, eyes closed. Beth looked at him and was about to say something but thought better of it, watching him silently. He seemed to be in a trance. He almost didn’t dare to breathe. After a few seconds, which seemed like hours to Beth, he came to and smiled broadly at her, showing his perfect teeth.

‘What’s going on? Have you had a vision or something?’ whispered Beth in Luke’s ear.

‘Something like that,’ he said mysteriously.

‘You can’t leave me hanging like that! Tell me!’

‘You wouldn’t understand,’ he replied, infuriating her even more.

‘Tell me right now or I’ll scream!’ It was a threat, but she could see in his eyes that he didn’t think she was capable of carrying it out.

‘Not even you’re dumb enough to do that.’

‘Aaaaahh!...’ Luke quickly covered her mouth with his hand, pressing her lips together with too much force.

‘What the hell’s got into you?!’ he hissed angrily. ‘You’re lucky I know how to control myself; but you can consider yourself slapped mentally.’

Beth pushed him away and without thinking twice raised her hand and delivered a resounding slap on Luke’s cheek.

‘Ow!’ he cried, totally taken aback.

‘I don’t know how to control myself, so consider yourself slapped mentally and physically!’ she snarled, the palm of her hand stinging from the blow she’d landed. She turned smartly, about to walk away. She’d had enough for one day. Who did this guy think he was? He couldn’t treat her like an idiot twenty-four-seven, and she was sick of his stupid, arrogant little games. She’d find Stella and Erik on her own and then we’d see how high and mighty he was. She was just about to ring the doorbell when his hand held hers back. 

‘Don’t do it.’

‘I’m Stella’s best friend; what’s so strange about me calling on her?’

‘Please, listen to me. Let’s get out of here.’

Beth looked at him in puzzlement. Something in his voice had changed. No trace of the irony and sarcasm from before. He even seemed nice. She couldn’t refuse him. She began to feel faint and had to lean against the wall to keep herself from falling. Luke grabbed her round the waist and lifted her up. Beth felt ecstatic; she was as light as a feather, her vision was blurred and she couldn’t think straight. They got to where they’d parked the bike. She came round quickly and looked at him like it was the first time she’d seen him. She blinked several times.

‘What happened?’

‘Low blood pressure, I imagine,’ he said nonchalantly.

‘No it wasn’t, it was something else. I had no will of my own, or maybe more like I was high on weed. Like it wasn’t me…’ Then she recalled what Stella had said the night when she’d found out that Luke was an alien. It was him. The dizziness, the feeling of emptiness, of lightness, he’d caused it. ‘It was you, wasn’t it?’

‘Yes,’ said Luke quite naturally.

‘Why?’

‘Because you were about to make a big mistake.’ He sat on the garden curb; Beth did the same, still puzzled. ‘I managed to contact my brother’s mind. He isn’t in the house. Only Carl was there.’

‘How do you know? Did you make contact with him as well?’

‘No, of course not. That would be dangerous. But I sensed he was there.’ Beth looked at him with renewed interest and, without knowing exactly why, Luke felt pleased about it. ‘We can feel it when one of us is around. It’s a bit like having a sixth sense, as you might say.’
 
‘And does that happen with Stella as well? She is half-alien, after all. Can you sense her if she’s around?’ asked Beth.

‘No, it’s different with her. We had no idea about her until we found out who her father was.’ He paused for a few moments, staring at the coarse grey asphalt under his feet before going on. ‘We sensed her as human. She can contact us mentally but not the other way around. With Stella, everything’s different. 

Beth sensed the bitterness behind his words. Luke still felt something for Stella, maybe more than she imagined. Disappointment stabbed at her heart.

‘You care for her, don’t you?’

He looked at her with a smile that wasn’t reflected in his eyes. He wasn’t angry or uncomfortable with what Beth had said. He was tired. Tired of pretending that everything was fine. Tired of hiding his feelings all he time. Tired of holding back. Tired of having Stella living in his mind with no way of getting her out of there.

‘Nobody cares about how I feel,’ he said, his voice tinged with regret.

‘It matters to me,’ she said, caressing his hand.

The Kaelian’s turquoise eyes met with Beth’s honest, warm gaze.

Her heart began to beat faster. She could feel those emerald eyes chipping away at the shield around her heart. There was no turning back; she’d just been exposed to this new feeling which she clung to as tightly as she was holding his hand.

Neither of them knew what was about to happen between them.

Luke slipped his free hand around Beth’s neck and drew her towards him. Beth couldn’t resist the burning desire deep inside her and she lunged hungrily at Luke’s mouth. Their lips found each other like desperate animals, igniting passion in their bodies. They fell to the ground, rolling over and over on the frost-soaked earth, oblivious to the curious looks they were getting from the odd stray cat passing by. They both gave in to a feverish desire which consumed them from inside. Heat flooded the Kaelian’s skin as Beth kissed him fervently, nibbling at his lips. He pulled away from her mouth to look at the rosy-cheeked girl who was robbing him of the little sanity he had left. Beth wasn’t going to let this opportunity slip away and grabbed a handful of red hair, pulling him to her again. 

“Luke, help me,” rang a weak voice inside his head, making him jerk his head back as if somebody was pulling his hair.

‘Is something wrong?’ asked Beth, running her hand over his chest. 

‘Erik’s contacting me, he needs us. Let’s go.’ Without another word he pulled away, stood up and brushed the mud off his jeans like dust.

Beth looked at him sadly. Now that she saw him standing next to his bike looking like some avenging angel, she doubted that his kisses were true. Only her creased clothes and the pulsating pain in her reddened swollen lips bore witness to what had happened. She got up slowly, recovering both her composure and her heart. She fixed her hair in the wing mirror. A small bruise was beginning to show on her neck. She smiled foolishly remembering how passionately Luke had kissed her there only moments before. Was that how Stella felt with Erik? Now she understood her friend’s fascination with him. She looked at Luke’s reflection in the mirror and was surprised by the coldness of his gaze. She gave a start as if she’d seen a ghost and without a word from either of them, they put on their helmets and set off on their search again.













Horror




‘Sometimes one is horrified to find oneself in another.’

Julien Green



I woke up and began to shiver. The damp had sunk mercilessly into my bones. I was on a floor somewhere and only a thin blanket separated me from the hard, freezing stone. The room was lit by a blinding light. It amazed me that I’d been able to sleep. I squinted to try and see better; I could barely make out the silhouette curled up near me. I dragged myself over towards it. I didn’t even have the strength to stand up. I didn’t know what had happened; I hurt all over, as if I’d been beaten up, but there were no signs of it on my body. I let out a horrified scream when I saw Erik lying there, his body twisted into an almost inhuman shape. He looked more dead than alive. I pulled myself up onto my knees, forcing my legs to move slowly, every muscle aching in my stiff body.

‘Erik,’ I whispered frantically. ‘Erik, can you hear me?’

He didn’t answer. I reached out a trembling hand towards his face, my fingers under his nose. He was still breathing. I gave a sigh of relief and collapsed onto the floor, then tried to wake him again.

‘Erik, my love,’ I said, shaking him gently with the little strength I had left.

I heard firm, quick footsteps coming towards us. I shrank back in fear, not knowing who it was or why they’d done this to us. As much as I tried, I couldn’t remember a thing about what had happened. I didn’t dare to look up until I heard his lilting voice.

‘You’re awake. Are you all right?’ I glared contemptuously at my father, our captor.

He seemed worried but I didn’t believe his concern when he was the one who’d put us there, dumped on the floor like so many bags of trash.

‘You were better off dead,’ I spat, trying to gather my strength. My lungs burned with every word.

I was horrified that my own father could have done this to us. I’d always thought he was a good person who wouldn’t hurt a fly, but now I was seeing another unknown, alien side to him. Would I end up like that one day? Was it in my nature to turn cold and insensitive like him?

‘I understand you’re angry, but I had to do this.’ He slipped one arm under my armpits and the other under my knees, then lifted me up like a feather.

‘What have you done to him?’ I asked in a whisper without getting to hear the answer.

‘We’ll talk later. Now you should rest.’

My eyes closed against my will at the sound of his voice. I knew he was hypnotizing me but I couldn’t do anything about it and drifted away in his arms again.











































The search



“Only misfortune can turn a heart of stone into a human heart.”

Fenelon



What had just happened could never happen again. Luke accelerated while his thoughts ran wild because of the body he’d held in his arms half an hour before, and which was now pressing against his back. It was no use trying to find a logical explanation for all this.

“It was a rush of blood to the head, no point thinking about it anymore,” he said to himself in a desperate attempt to explain the palpitations in his chest. The problem was that he’d never given in to ‘rushes of blood’ in his life. 

The biting wind as they accelerated make Beth shiver. Even so there was a smile on her face under her helmet: she had the perfect excuse to hold Luke even closer. She was happy – ecstatic - about what had just happened. At last she’d found a chink in his cold, impassive armour. But where was this taking them? Beth didn’t want to fall in love, but Luke just kept scoring point after point and if he carried on like that, he’d conquer her heart whether she liked it or not. The fact that he didn’t seem to want a relationship brought her down a little, but the way he’d kissed her… She had to catch her breath just thinking about it. It had to mean something. Luke couldn’t deny the obvious. They’d triggered an unexpected reaction in each other’s hearts and neither of them could change that. 

They parked near the port. They hadn’t spoken at all; it seemed that neither of them could find the right moment. Finally Beth gave in to her curiosity and broke the silence.

‘So what are we doing here, surrounded by bits of dead fish?’ She wrinkled her nose at the pungent smell. 

‘There are no bits of anything. Stop complaining,’ he sneered.

‘I’m not complaining, I’m just trying to stay in the loop. How am I supposed to help you otherwise?’

‘I think it was a mistake bringing you along. All you’ve done so far is slow me down,’ muttered Luke without even looking at her.

Anger began gnawing away at Beth again. How could he treat her like that after what had happened that morning? Two could play at that game. Did she have to be rude to deny the obvious, like he was doing? Fine, have it your way. How could she be so naïve as to think she could have a relationship with this guy?

‘You people made the mistake, coming here to mess around with us,’ she blurted indignantly, turned smartly and began to walk away.

‘Here we go again,’ Luke hollered after her. ‘I’m getting tired of your childishness.’

‘My what?!’ screamed Beth, turning to face him, her eyes burning with rage. ‘Who’s the child around here who hides in his shell of arrogance and cynicism? It’s not me who’s closing my eyes to the obvious.’ She stopped dead in front of him, arms crossed, waiting for him to counterattack.

‘And just what is it that’s so ‘obvious’?’ asked Luke, trying to look calmer than he felt.

‘Forget it; if you can’t figure it out all on your little ownsome, then I’m not going to waste my time explaining,’ she said evasively. She changed the subject. She didn’t want to go on digging away at feelings that only she had, by the looks of it. ‘Are you going to tell me what we’re doing here, or shall I go? I want to find Stella; that’s what we’re here for, isn’t it?’

Her answer took Luke by surprise. But Beth was right, they had to focus on what was important right now: finding Stella and Erik before it was too late. 

‘Erik’s close, I know he is. I can feel him. We need to search these warehouses; I think Carl has them hidden around here. We’ll start with that one, ok?’ He pointed at a ramshackle, greyish warehouse which had seen better times. Only a couple of windows were still intact.

Beth nodded her agreement, although her stomach tightened at the thought that Stella might be in that awful building in God knows what state. They started walking, slowing down as they approached the old warehouse. Luke flattened himself against the concrete wall and Beth did the same, not really knowing what to do.

‘Wait here,’ he whispered, glancing at his watch. ‘If I’m not back in five minutes, come and find me, ok?’

‘Ok,’ said Beth, more out of fear than anything else.

No more than three minutes later she saw him coming back out from the same place where he’d gone in. He ran towards her. His flaming red hair streamed out behind him as he ran, his T-shirt tight against his chest. She lowered her gaze, feeling a stabbing pain in her chest. 

‘Nothing,’ he panted as he reached her. ‘Let’s try the next one.’

They searched every run-down, derelict building on the wharf. Luke began to get desperate. The longer it took to find them, the greater the chances that his brother would disappear for ever.

From the very beginning, a few months back, Luke had been investigating Stella’s father at Erik’s request. What he’d found out wasn’t good. Carl had betrayed their father in the past, abandoning him to his prison sentence for rebellion. Apparently their mission was very different to the one that had brought Luke and Erik to Earth. Carl and Joseph were on a reconnaissance assignment. They were to find genetic similarities between both races. To carry out their research, they abducted tramps and the homeless, people who wouldn’t be missed. The results were never made known because they both rebelled against their superiors and refused to go on experimenting on humans. This had cost Joseph, the twins’ father, his memory and his freedom. For his part, Carl had managed to escape and return to Earth, trying to live in anonymity. Luke still couldn’t explain why Stella’s father had acted that way, leaving his friend in the lurch, but it was clear to him that he wasn’t to be trusted and that he’d try to get rid of them the first chance he got. He thought about Stella and his heart sank. Would she get to know the truth about her father someday? He took his frustration out on the door of the warehouse on the corner, smashing the hinges.

Inside, the dimly-lit warehouse smelt of mouldy wood and cat’s urine. Luke wrinkled his nose. He felt a hand pulling at his jacket. He spun round, fist raised, ready to punch whoever it was. 

Beth lifted her hands to her terrified face; she’d followed Luke inside, tired of waiting like she had with the other warehouses. After all, she’d come here for a reason. The last thing she’d expected was to have Luke’s fist inches from her perfect nose, which had been very close to being somewhat less than perfect.

‘Are you crazy?! You scared me to death! What are you doing here?! What part of “wait outside” do you not understand?!’ hissed Luke, pushing her aside. 

‘I don’t want to wait outside, I want to find Stella; take it or leave it,’ said Beth, pushing him out of her way.

‘You’re impossible’, muttered Luke.

‘The feeling’s mutual,’ she growled, walking past him.

They looked around for a while. Luke had to admit, although he never would, that sharing the search between two was a good idea. It was quicker and more efficient. And he didn’t have to worry about Beth being alone outside. Worry? Since when did he worry about her? He shook his head, disturbed by his own thoughts.

‘There’s something here,’ he heard in the distance.

Luke ran to where Beth was squatting down, waiting.

‘Let me see.’

There was a small metal door sunk into the concrete floor. It looked firmly sealed. Beth tried pulling on the handle but with no luck. The door wouldn’t budge; there was no grating or squeaking to show that she was even trying to open it. Luke moved her aside and pulled with both hands on the curved handle with all his strength. Beth saw droplets of sweat running over his temples. But it was worth the effort: the door began to give, and bent like a sheet of tin. Luke began to tremble, tensed his whole body and made one last Herculean attempt to open it. Beth stared gaped with a mixture of fascination and fear at Luke’s superhuman strength. At last, with a screech like a wounded animal, the door opened and they were looking down a dark, narrow tunnel. The Kaelian hesitated when he saw the look of amazement on Beth’s face. It was easy for him and his kind to forget that not everyone had their strength and abilities. By the look on her face, it was the first time that she’d seen it in action; her open-mouthed stare told him that she hadn’t gotten over what she’d just witnessed.

‘Are you ok?’ he asked as calmly as he could, although he was anxious to get into the tunnel and see where it led. 

‘Yes, I think so. Just let me get used to the idea that Superman actually exists, ok?’ replied Beth uneasily.

‘Just what I needed, being compared with a guy who wears his shorts outside his pants.’ Luke rolled his eyes. ‘Stay close behind me,’ he added, ending the conversation and starting down the narrow passage.

The tunnel was extremely hot and damp. Luke felt the sweat running down the back of his neck and under his T-shirt. He turned to make sure Beth was following him. She didn’t look too good; she was paler than before and the black hair sticking to her forehead made her look sick. He turned to face forward again, concentrating on what was really worrying him. He’d felt Erik getting closer and closer as they moved down the narrow passage. He couldn’t guess where this hole was leading them but it was getting darker all the time. He’d lost all sense of time since they’d been underground. Luckily there was good ventilation and he felt no signs of oxygen deprivation. He raised his eyes and his cell phone screen; after a long tedious walk in absolute darkness, at last he could see something shining, like a light, at the end of the tunnel.

‘I can’t go on,’ gasped Beth, sinking to her knees. ‘I can hardly breathe, it feels like I’m suffocating.’

‘Don’t let your body fool you.’ Beth looked at him in surprise, although he couldn’t see her clearly. ‘Your mind can tell your body to do whatever you want; tell it to breathe.’

‘This isn’t Alice in Wonderland, I can’t breathe by magic.’ She took several gulps of air but it didn’t do much good. All she could feel was the fire in her lungs. 

‘Come here,’ said Luke, reaching out his arms and taking her head between his hands. ‘Close your eyes.’ Although he couldn’t see her face, he was certain she hadn’t done it. ‘Go on, close them. Trust me.’

Beth didn’t have the energy to object so she did as he asked. He began to whisper in her ear, something about a quiet sunlit wood in springtime… Suddenly she was there, walking through it without a care in the world, while a delicious soft breeze caressed her face.

‘Breathe in the scent around you.’ Her head was still in his hands.

Beth breathed deeply, feeling her lungs fill with air again and the burning in her throat gradually disappear. She took two or three more breaths, enjoying the sensation. Luke took his hands away.

‘You can open your eyes now,’ she heard him say.

Beth opened her eyes slowly and was met by total darkness broken only by the light of the screen of a cell phone which was shining straight into her face.

‘Did you hypnotize me again?’ she asked, amazed that she could breathe normally again.

‘No; I just helped with your anxiety attack,’ he replied blankly. Beth noticed the difference between that voice and the one which she’d heard a few moments before. ‘Don’t worry, I’m used to women gasping when I’m around,’ he added caustically.

‘Ha ha. Stop it, you’re killing me. No wonder Stella preferred Erik.’

The last sentence cut Luke like a knife. She really knew how to hit where it hurt. Very few people had made him feel like that, the way he made other people feel: hurt and speechless. He started walking, determined to ignore her. He didn’t want any more complications. When it came down to it Beth was right, and that was what upset him most. Stella had done the right thing by staying with his brother. Luke knew he was incapable of having a normal relationship with anybody. He couldn’t turn his back on who he was as easily as Erik had done. He was Kaelian, he had principles that he lived by, an order and a sense to things that no woman from this world or any other should be allowed to change. The thought filled him with a strange emptiness.

Beth got to her feet when she saw the tenuous light of Luke’s phone vanishing into the dark. This time she’d said too much but there was no going back. She wasn’t the type to torture herself about the effect her words had on others. “Spilt milk” she thought; anyway, he should have thought of that before he started playing games with her. She took hold of her thick mane and tied it back with an elastic band, freeing her face and neck from her sticky hair, covered in sweat and dust. She felt like a miner from the 19th Century: exhausted and dirty. She only hoped that all this was worth it and that Stella was at the end of this damn tunnel.

The light at the end of the tunnel got brighter and brighter as they got nearer. They both quickened their step, sick of the dark and eager to reach the end. Luke started running the last few yards; Beth trotted behind but couldn’t keep up with him. 

“Erik, I know you’re here. Erik, answer me,” he repeated over and over in his mind, feeling his presence as they got closer. A weak voice snuck into his thoughts, saying his name. Erik had heard him and was contacting him; he was close all right. Luke ran faster until he suddenly found himself in a room too brightly lit for his dilated pupils. He squeezed his eyelids together tightly and covered his face with his arm while thousands of little white lights danced in front of his eyes. He squinted, gradually getting used to the light. Beth ran into him and almost sent both of them flying.

She’d raced down the last part of the tunnel despite her aching legs. She’d never really been one for physical exercise; then again she hadn’t really had to. Luckily she’d inherited a metabolism that burned up more than she ate. But when Luke had disappeared out of sight, fear had overcome her and she’d run like a thing possessed to the end of the passage. But she hadn’t bargained for the blinding light that had engulfed her and prevented her from seeing Luke until the very last moment and had made her crash into his steel-hard body.

‘Why don’t you look where you’re going?’ he said, totally used to the light.

‘I didn’t see you, it’s too bright,’ said Beth, blinking to get her sight back. ‘If you’d waited for me we could have come in together and I wouldn’t have had to bump into you to find you.’

‘I wish you hadn’t found me,’ sneered Luke.

‘You can’t get rid of me that easily, lover-boy,’ she replied, ignoring his tone of voice.

Two loud bangs silenced them both. They focused on the wall where the noises appeared to be coming from. Luke raced over. 

‘Erik! Erik, is that you?’ He knew it was him, but he needed to hear it. Until that moment he’d never feared for his brother’s life. He began to beat furiously on the wall.

‘Luke! Get me out of here!’ yelled a voice on the other side.

Beth choked back a sob. They’d found them, but they were inside the wall.

‘How..? I don’t know how to…’ Before he could finish the sentence, Luke saw something glinting against the adjoining wall, some kind of lever. It was embedded in the concrete wall, but he was convinced that if he could move it, he’d be able to free Erik and Stella from their prison. 

He began to push it with all the strength he could muster. He tugged it up and down until he heard a dull clunk; something had clicked into place. The wall began to move sluggishly. Beth ran to the little gap, trying to slide her hand inside and help to push back the concrete hatch. They managed to open it wide enough for them to squeeze their slim bodies through. Luke couldn’t wait any longer to see how his brother was and slipped through, pressing up against the wall, looking around for Erik. He found him on the floor, his eyes half-closed and a grimace – or was it a smile? He couldn’t tell – on his face.

‘Erik!’ he cried, kneeling beside his brother. ‘What did he do to you?’

Erik looked at him. His eyes were sad, empty, spiritless. He was about to pass out. Luke helped him to his feet while Beth looked around the small room anxiously. 

‘Stella? Where’s Stella?’ she kept repeating frantically. 

Erik’s face went even paler as he tried to get the words out. 

‘He took her,’ he croaked, then fell into his brother’s arms.

‘We’ll find her, I promise,’ said Luke, then turned to Beth. ‘Help me. He can’t stand up and we have to get him through that gap together.’

Beth hurried over to the twins without a word and helped Luke hold Erik up while he slid through the opening until only his arms were inside the room. He pulled his brother to him with great care, trying to get him through the gap. Beth kept him upright, holding his head in both hands to get him out as quickly as possible. When all three were finally out of the murky room, Beth threw herself against the wall, gasping for breath. 

‘We can’t make it down that tunnel like this,’ she said to Luke, nodding at Erik’s gaunt face. 

His golden hair looked even lighter against his pallid skin. His purple lips were a tell-tale sign of what a terrible state he was in.

‘No, we can’t.’

Luke was distant, tense, lost in thought. Beth could see the worry on his face.

‘He’s a mess. What did he do to him?’ she half-whispered, feeling fear gripping her for the first time. She sat on the floor, helping Erik to sit up against the wall.

‘He’s taken away all his life energy.’ Tired of pacing up and down, Luke sat on the other side of Erik.

‘I don’t understand… “Taken away his life energy”? How can anyone take energy from someone else? It’s impossible,’ replied Beth with a look of disbelief.

‘Not for us. On our planet, although we all regard ourselves as equal, there are some – like my brother and me – who follow a different system. We are governed by a system of ranks, levels of superiority which mean we can maintain order and control over the rest.’

‘Like an army?’

‘Not exactly, but the idea will do for now. When a superior gives an order, we have to obey. We have no choice; it’s our duty. That’s why Erik’s like this.’

‘I still don’t understand.’ Beth wrinkled her brow.

‘Carl is above us in the chain of command. In fact, he’s in one of the highest-ranking positions that there are and he’s used that power to… incapacitate Erik mentally.’ Luke’s voice showed no emotion. He was staring at the floor, a beaten man.

‘Couldn’t Erik just refuse to obey him?’

‘No. Like I said, we’re ‘governed’ by the system. Carl has power over our minds. So you understand better, Erik’s on a kind of ‘Standby’ mode, waiting to be reactivated.’

‘So reactivate him or whatever so he gets his energy back,’ said Beth, surprised that he didn’t seem to have thought of it.

Luke’s hoarse laugh rang around the brightly-lit room. 

‘I can’t. I don’t have the ability,’ Luke said sadly.

‘This is crazy.’

Beth held Erik’s head up against the wall, being careful not to let him lose his balance and fall, until she was standing in front of Luke. She fixed her chocolate-brown eyes on him with a conviction that surprised him.

‘A while ago, in the tunnel, when I couldn’t breathe, you controlled my mind and calmed me down. Why not do the same with him?’ She saw the doubt in his eyes but went on. ‘Try it, you’ve got nothing to lose.’

‘You’re right, but your mind is simpler. You’re only human, although…’ Luke seemed to brighten up. ‘It might work. Hold him steady.’

He knelt in front of his brother and took his head in his hands. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply.

Beth looked on in awe. She didn’t even dare to blink. Luke’s hands held Erik’s head like a vice, and his eyes seemed to be moving wildly under his eyelids. Time seemed to stand still for both of them as they waited anxiously for Erik to react. 

The Kaelian opened his eyes suddenly and gasped as if the breath of life had returned to him.

‘Thanks Luke,’ he said, leaning back against the wall, breathing quickly.

Luke dropped his hands to his side, answering his brother with a slight nod of the head. He’d used up more energy than he should have for one day. His mind and his muscles were exhausted, the price he’d had to pay for it. Beth threw herself onto him, hugging him tightly, her tears preventing her from speaking and moistening both their faces. Luke didn’t protest, enjoying having her warm body so close to his. He gave in to the moment, and found his heart was racing.









Cards on the table



“Tell me what you think you are and I’ll tell you what you are not.”

Henry F. Amiel




I never imagined that fear could hurt to that extreme, like a sharp knife piercing my skin, drawing blood and inflicting agonizing pain. I could see hundreds of colored lights in front of me, like a painting in a museum that you can look at but not touch. I could hear him crying for help, calling desperately for me to get him out of there, but I couldn’t see him. A metal cage separated me from him, making his voice sound dull and hollow. I had a mission; I couldn’t escape it although my heart had burst into a thousand pieces because I couldn’t answer my loved one’s call. I had to do my duty; I had to do what was expected of me. I felt myself shaking, like engines had been started up inside me, even though I was sitting and tied down with safety harnesses. I was leaving everything behind: my life, my home, my love. And all to save them. At that moment I hesitated, I wanted out of there; I could still hear his stifled screams. I had to get out, this was madness, but it was too late. I squeezed my eyes tight shut as the plane took off and let the tears flow down my face.

I woke up with bloodshot eyes and a soaking wet pillow. A stray beam of sunlight peeped through the window, announcing a new day. I stirred slowly; I was tired even though I’d slept all night. The nightmare had been so real that I could still feel the pain in my chest. I opened my eyes and immediately recognised my bedroom in Chemainus. The discolored net curtains, the shabby old writing desk, the multitude of photos, souvenirs and examples of handicrafts that covered the walls, brought back familiar memories of my childhood. I massaged my forehead for a moment, trying to remember. How did I get here? Had I dreamt it all? I was sincerely beginning to doubt my own sanity when Carl appeared in the doorway. 

‘Good morning, princess,’ he said with a smile that softened his features. 

Seeing his face and hearing his voice had the opposite effect to the one I’d expected. I suddenly remembered the brutal way he’d kidnapped Erik and me. Erik! My heart sank in pain and I couldn’t breathe. Where was Erik? It all came back to me: the sight of his twisted, motionless body in some unknown place. 

‘Where’s Erik? What have you done to him?’ I cried, backing up against the wall. 

‘The boy’s fine and he won’t bother you again.’ His strange answer only served to hurt my tortured heart even more.

What did he mean, he wouldn’t bother me again? My mouth was half-open but I couldn’t make a sound. 

‘Don’t worry, I haven’t done anything bad to him,’ he said, walking over to me, trying to calm me down. His voice sounded almost too soothing. ‘I’m just trying to protect you. Maybe you won’t understand it now, but someday you’ll thank me for it.’

‘Up to now you’ve managed to hurt me more since you came back than when you were supposed to be dead,’ I snapped angrily. ‘I don’t know what I’m supposed to be grateful for: destroying my life? Well thanks a lot, you’ve managed it. I’m a total wreck.’

His brown eyes darkened almost to black. I felt a chill running down my spine. He sat on the edge of the bed and took my hand between his.

‘I think there are a few things you should know. Things about my past which might help you understand who you are, and why I can’t allow you to go on laying yourself open to that boy.’

The forcefulness of his voice contrasted with the gentle way he was caressing my hand. My heart and my mind were a whirlpool of emotions. I hated him, I loved him, he was my father, he was a complete stranger.

‘I’m trying to find happiness with the love of my life, and I don’t care what he is or what he isn’t. Is that so difficult for you to understand, to accept?!’ I cried angrily.

‘Stella darling,’ he answered with a weary smile, shaking his head. ‘The problem isn’t who he is. It’s who you are.’

That hit me like a slap in the face. I couldn’t say anything against it. Even I wasn’t sure who I was anymore. I decided to do the only thing that could possibly help me understand what was going on: listen to what he had to say.

‘I think you should get dressed and go down for some breakfast.’ He let go of my hand. ‘I’ll be waiting for you in the kitchen. We can talk there.’

He turned and walked quickly out of the room, head held high and not looking back. He was the picture of pride and elegance. I’d never noticed these little things before. Maybe because I’d never imagined that my father was a genetically perfect extra-terrestrial.

I kicked the sheets away. I looked for some clothes in the almost empty closet and went into the bathroom. I needed to be wide awake for what Carl was going to tell me, and a shower was the best thing for it.

I let the hot water run over my head and face, my hair falling forwards. I couldn’t help thinking about Erik and where he was right then. I could still feel the sharp pain when my father had said “he won’t bother you again”. What did he mean by that? I didn’t even have the courage to consider any theories or hypotheses. Erik was alive, he had to be; my mind wanted to shake my confidence in that, but my heart was crying out that he would come back. That he would come for me. I decided to get a move on and went down to the kitchen where Carl was waiting for me with two mugs and a box of biscuits on the table.

I sat opposite him, not saying a word, staring at the contents of my mug. Just milk. I couldn’t help smiling. That’s what I’d had for breakfast when he’d supposedly died. My liking for coffee was more recent. 

‘Is there any coffee?’ I asked, standing up and walking over towards the cafetiere. 

‘Yes, I just made some. But I thought…’ He hesitated for a moment then went on. ‘I still haven’t got used to you being so grown-up.’

‘Right, so that’s why you won’t leave my boyfriend alone?’ I went on the attack again.

I’d promised myself that I wouldn’t bring up Erik’s name to avoid another argument with my father, but I hadn’t managed it. Erik was always on my mind and on the tip of my tongue.

‘I think the time has come for me to tell you the truth; maybe then you’ll stop this nonsense.’

The tension in his voice and the way his fists were gripping his mug weren’t exactly reassuring. I knew I wouldn’t like what I was about to hear, but I had to find out once and for all. I was sick and tired of always being the last to know. I sat down, enjoying the smell of fresh coffee, then took a sip. My father’s gaze was so intense that I had to look away. He cleared his throat a little before he began. I held tightly onto my mug of coffee. 

‘As I’m sure your new friends have already told you, we come from a planet called Kaeliux, in the constellation of Libra, many light years from here. Recently, human scientists have discovered planets nearby, in the same constellation.’

‘If this is going to turn into an astronomy class, I’m so not interested,’ I muttered, still not looking up from the steaming cup of coffee just under my nose. It wasn’t that I didn’t care about where my father and boyfriend were from, but right then I was too worried about finding out who I was and why I couldn’t be with my angel.

‘Patience has never been one of your virtues, has it?’ he said dismissively. ‘All right, I’ll try to keep to what really concerns us. You. But before I can talk about you, I have to talk about me.’ He looked at me for approval and I nodded slightly with a glance. ‘I came to this planet seventy years ago. More or less when Hitler was in control of most of Europe. They were tough times and I devoted myself to experimentation and getting to know human nature inside the Army.’

‘Are you telling me you collaborated with the Nazis and their sickening experiments?!’

‘No, I didn’t. Not at all. But it was easier to go unnoticed as a doctor in the German Army.’

‘I don’t believe it. It’s revolting.’ I was disgusted.

‘Don’t judge me before you know all the details. I didn’t work for them. I just wore a uniform which opened a lot of doors; it was helpful for my research. You’re aware of the disease that we’re suffering from?’

‘Yes, it’s a sort of leukaemia which can only be treated with uncontaminated stem cells you can get from us humans.’ I recited it unemotionally, like I’d learned it by heart. 

‘Exactly; although I’d prefer you not to include yourself in the ‘humans’ category.’

‘Oh really? And which category do you reckon I should be in?’ I asked, a little uneasily.

‘Let’s not go off point.’ He cut me short. ‘As I was saying, I learned a lot of things to help us fight this illness. That was my mission here: to find a cure among humans, given that on our planet it was totally impossible. When the Second World War finished and the USA took center stage, I decided it was time to move there to try my luck and keep investigating. By then I knew that humans and Kaelians were compatible, but I still hadn’t found a way to get more information. Collateral damage was still high and too risky for us.’

‘Please, this is making me sick to my stomach, not that it’s any surprise with what you’re telling me! Now I know my father is a monster, thanks a bunch!’ I sneered, rubbing my forehead, unable to believe it.

This was too much. My stomach was churning, tying itself in knots. I felt my gorge rising. 

‘Stella, it’s not what it looks like, I didn’t hurt anyone. I experimented on dead bodies or people who were terminally ill with no hope of recovering; but that wasn’t enough. That’s why I came to the USA, to find new methods of investigation,’ he said pleadingly.

‘And was it productive, your search for eternal youth?’ I scoffed.

‘No. When I came here I met your mother and everything changed for me.’

That, I wasn’t expecting. It felt like a punch to the pit of my stomach. It’s easy to accuse someone you detest, but when they show signs of being that person you used to love more than life itself, it’s hard to keep your composure. Carl went on as if he hadn’t noticed my sudden change in attitude. 

‘Nicole changed my life. Up to then, I’d devoted my life to research and studying. As you know, for us Kaelians love and feelings aren’t as spontaneous as they are for humans.’ I nodded slowly but I didn’t want to interrupt him: I wanted to hear what he had to say. ‘What happened between your mother and me is very rare: it was as if the Universe had conspired to bring our two civilizations together. Of course, she never knew where I was from. She just thought I’d been born in Germany.’ He sighed sadly then went on. ‘No words can describe how wonderful my life was with her. Then you came along and everything went haywire.’

‘Why do you say that? It can’t have been totally unexpected – you know, two people living together, sharing a bed…’ I felt awkward talking to my father about this.

He didn’t answer. He just stared into the void, maybe looking for the right words or searching for memories buried in the back of his mind. I twiddled my fingers, waiting for him to say something.

‘On our planet, as you know, babies aren’t born spontaneously, so I didn’t think that I could father a child. Or that it wouldn’t be easy or whatever; I was too busy trying to control my emotions for the thought of a pregnancy to even cross my mind. I wasn’t prepared for it. I wasn’t aware of what might happen. But when it did, I observed Nicole’s pregnancy very closely. Everything went smoothly. I recall the day of the birth, standing by the side of her bed holding her hand while she gave birth, seeing you for the first time. I’ve never felt greater joy in my life than at that moment. Nothing else mattered; my planet, the disease we were suffering from, nothing except Nicole and that beautiful little purple creature covered in blood that had just been born.’ He caressed my face gently, wiping away a solitary tear as it fell down my cheek.

‘The attending doctor called me a few minutes later to ask me if we wanted to donate the umbilical cord to the hospital for research. Something clicked in my mind, the solution to all my failed experiments. Stem cells from human and Kaelian embryos, that was the answer to save my people; and I’d found it just when all I wanted to do was disappear off the radar and pass myself off as just another human. I spent days and nights perfecting my theory and observing you, watching for any signs that might give us away. But nothing like that happened, you just grew up like a normal little girl; but I was terrified that they would find out about you. I sent them my reports about a possible cure using stem cells from both our species taken from the placenta or the umbilical cord of the foetus. In exchange, they let me live here with the excuse that I was continuing my research. Your mother was getting more and more worried about the amount of time I was spending at work, supposedly for a big pharmaceutical. It was depriving me of time with the two of you. I eventually gave in to her and we moved to Canada, to this little town; the rest you know.’

‘What did you mean before when you said I shouldn’t include myself in the ‘human category’?’ I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear the answer, but I needed to. I had to know everything.

‘You’re not human. But you’re not Kaelian either. You’re a little of both.’ He smiled wearily. ‘When you were a baby, your mother was very protective of you. She didn’t want the slightest breath of air to touch you. According to her, when she was in hospital she saw all sorts of childhood illnesses that could be avoided if the parents were careful enough. She used to say that you never seemed to get sick, not even a common cold, like other kids. She was proud of it, she thought it was down to her being so cautious; but I suspected there was another reason. You’d inherited my genetic purity, with no congenital illnesses. So every time you came crying with bloodied knees from a fall or whatever, I’d take the chance to take samples of your skin and blood while you healed so I could analyse them later. After a few of these tests, I was able to confirm my suspicions.’

‘But I’m not perfect, I’m not like you; just one look at me will tell you that,’ I objected. I’d preferred to have inherited that part of me from my father and not my mother.

‘Of course you’re perfect, much more perfect than any of us.’ I was knocked sideways. ‘Your body has been able to combine both natures wonderfully, and the result is fascinating. A woman who’s strong, free from common illnesses; but sensitive and full of emotions and full of life. Why do you think Erik fell in love with you?’ That really shook me. 

‘What do you mean?’ I whispered.

‘You’re special. You have an energy that neither humans nor Kaelians possess.’

I couldn’t believe it. Me, special? This was nuts. But there was still something that was bothering me and I hadn’t dared to ask. I took a deep breath, trying to find the courage to ask.

‘Why did you stage your own death? Does it have something to do with all this?’ I felt free once I’d said it. It had been tormenting me for days and how I’d have an answer.

‘Yes, of course. It was the hardest decision of my life. The thought of abandoning you had never crossed my mind, and I wouldn’t have done it unless they’d been very close to finding out about you.’

I looked at him with fear written all over my face. This science fiction story might take yet another twist, and not exactly in my favour. I blinked, trying to get back to reality. I still had too many unanswered questions.

‘What would happen if someone found out who I was? And who is this someone?’

‘That ‘someone’, as you put it, are the people who sent me here to investigate. The Kaelian Council needs answers – logical answers, not just useless sentimentality,’ he said, unperturbed.

How did he manage to seem so cold and so tormented at the same time? For a moment I saw Erik reflected in his face.

‘So what if they found out? After all, they’re doing the same as you did except that you were motivated by love and they’re motivated by duty, but you’ve all seduced humans. If you hadn’t acted like you did, they’d still be looking for their precious cure.’ He looked upset by my comparison.

‘It’s not that easy. You’re unique. None of the foetuses conceived up till now have survived. Only you passed that test,’ he replied lost in thought.

‘Maybe because I was conceived out of love and not out of self-interest.’ Even as I spoke, I wasn’t sure of what I was saying.

‘I can’t believe that love could play such a big part,’ he said dismissively. ‘Ever since you were born I’ve protected you, hidden you from them; but now…’ He clenched his jaw, tensing the tendons in his neck like the strings on a violin. I held my breath, waiting for what he was going to say next. ‘Erik has put you in the firing line. His foolishness in falling in love with you has put you at risk; it’s only a matter of time before they find out whose daughter you are. It’ll all count for nothing – my fake death, the damage I’ve done to the two of you, all my efforts to keep the Kaelians away from you. All for nothing.’

I saw the fear in his eyes and the same terror shot through me like an electric shock.

‘You of all people should understand what Erik and I feel for each other. What you’re doing to us isn’t fair. You’ve taken care of me all this time, we agree on that, but I’m an adult now and from now on you have to let me look after myself and make my own decisions. Besides, Erik won’t let anything happen to me.’ I knew my protests would fall on deaf ears. 

‘I’m sorry my child, but I didn’t give you and your mother up just so that someone else could come along and wreck everything. If he loves you so much, he should make this sacrifice, like I did. And if you want to show me how adult and mature you are, you’ll forget about the Wallace twins once and for all,’ he said firmly.

He didn’t realize how much he was hurting me. A deep, penetrating pain pierced my heart like a dagger. I put my hand on my chest to make sure it was still beating because it felt to me like it had stopped. He didn’t want me to see Erik again? Was my own father going to be the cause of my greatest tragedy? I didn’t want to lose Erik and I wasn’t going to let him do it, even if it was for my own good. I didn’t fully understand why my father had left; no matter how much I tried to tell myself that it was for my own good, I was convinced things could have turned out differently.

‘I still don’t get it. What’s the problem? Let them find out, let them see that humans and Kaelians are compatible, that their children can survive; that we can all live in peace.’

‘Stella darling, it’s not that simple. This isn’t a movie, it’s real life. If they find out, they’re not just going to let it go. You’re the living proof that we’re here on Earth. Besides, you’ve seen how we behave when we give in to our desires. Just look at Erik and his brother. All they do is fight because they don’t know how to deal with their emotions, for better or for worse. They’re not used to it, and that’s unacceptable for a Kaelian. If my people found out about you, they’d take you to Kaeliux and examine every cell in your body. And I’m not going to let that happen.’ He shook his head. ‘I know what they’d do. It wouldn’t matter if you survived or not, they’d only be concerned about their research. That’s why they mustn’t find out about you.’ He was really scaring me but I refused to be put off.

‘There’s no way I’m leaving Erik. He can protect me as well as you can. And I’ll be ready for it, I can take care of myself.’

He laughed sardonically.

‘It didn’t take much to fool him last year, did it? I didn’t have to work too hard to block his mind and wipe his memories; mind you, I was surprised at how he and Luke dealt with Rudolf, that much is true.’ 

‘That was you? You did that?’ My hand was shaking; I spilled the contents of my cup and little waterfalls of coffee streamed over the edge of the wooden table.















































Desperate



“It’s impossible to win without someone else losing.”

Publius Syrus



Erik squinted in the sunlight. They’d just come out of the long narrow tunnel that led to the wooden warehouse where Beth and Luke had gone in. He was exhausted but something inside gave him the strength to look for Stella. He would move heaven and earth to find her. He looked back at his brother’s anxious face. He still hadn’t explained to him what had happened. Beth followed close behind, looking devastated. She was having a bad time. She must have been worried to death about Stella and tired out from the strain. For a moment Erik felt guilty for putting them through all this. Since he’d turned up the year before, he’d brought nothing but problems for Stella and anyone close to her.

He sat on the curb outside and held his head in his hands. He let Luke into his mind, hoping that his brother could find a clue in his clutter of distorted memories.

This was one of the very few occasions when Beth didn’t know what to do. Luke and Erik were absorbed in themselves. Neither of them wanted to be the first to speak. Didn’t they want to talk about what had happened? Wasn’t anyone going to explain anything?

‘Erik, where’s Stella?’ she asked without beating around the bush; that’s what was on her mind and that’s what she wanted to know. The rest could wait. 

‘I don’t know,’ admitted Erik, crestfallen. ‘Since Carl kidnapped us I haven’t been able to think straight. I’ve only had a few moments of lucidity and Stella wasn’t around during any of them.’ He looked up, showing his gaunt face and two purple marks framing a clear, icy blue, like a frozen lake. ‘I don’t know if we’ll be able to find her. Carl’s been careful to cover his tracks.’

‘But it’s three against one; that has to count for something.’ She looked from one to the other, wondering where so much apathy was coming from.

‘It’s not that simple,’ replied Luke, surprisingly calm and neutral.

‘I don’t believe it,’ sneered Beth. ‘You’re like two lost souls! Let me get this right: didn’t you say this morning that you sensed Stella’s father at the house?’ she asked Luke.

‘Yes, but I doubt they’re there.’

‘And I doubt your ability to know everything,’ she shot back. Luke’s face changed.

‘So in your expert opinion, what should we do?’ His usual sarcasm had returned. 

‘That’s my Lukey,’ winked Beth, happy to see him back. ‘I like you better feisty. Let’s go back to Stella’s. Come on, up and at ‘em.’

‘I don’t think…’

‘Beth’s right. We’ve got nothing to lose checking it out,’ interrupted Erik who’d been very quiet up to then; but as he stood up, there was a special light in his eyes. He hadn’t missed the way this girl manipulated his brother without him realizing. There was something going on between them, but he wasn’t bothered about that for the time being. Beth was right: Luke had sensed Carl, and this might give them an opportunity they shouldn’t waste. ‘It’s now or never; we’ve got the element of surprise on our side. When he finds out you’ve rescued me, we’ll have no chance.’

‘Come on then.’ Beth was already walking.

Luke sulked behind, annoyed that she’d found the most logical solution and he hadn’t even thought of it. Since when had she been so shrewd? He had to admit that there was more to her than met the eye; and what met the eye wasn’t too bad either. The trouble was that the more he got to know her, the more attracted he felt to her. And he didn’t like that one little bit.




























Decisions



“Thou wouldst as soon go kindle fire with snow as seek to quench the fire of love with words.”

William Shakespeare



‘How can you ask me to do that after everything you’ve told me?’ I was tense and angry.

I’d just found out that Rudolf, the huge Kaelian who’d attacked us the year before, worked for my father; although of course he had no idea who I was. He’d just been following Carl’s orders, no questions asked. His mission was simple: to wipe any memories I had of Erik and his world so I could go back to my normal little life and erase Erik’s mind too, so he’d never come looking for me. But neither of them had counted on the struggle my mind had put up, more so even than Erik, spoiling their plan to keep me away from my angel. Once the twins had got Rudolf out of the way, Carl changed his tactics. He decided to watch from the sidelines, not show himself, hoping that what we had wouldn’t get past first base. But when he saw that wasn’t happening and that both Erik and I were serious about each other, he decided to intervene. First with strange anonymous notes, and then by abducting us in the middle of the night. 

And after all that, now he expected me to trust him and forget about my boyfriend? I really didn’t know this guy who claimed to be my father. We argued for ages but couldn’t agree. Carl stuck to his arguments; but they made no sense at all to me.

‘Stella, think about it. You can’t possibly be in love with Erik. You hardly know him. What do you know about his past or his future? You’re anything but made for each other, believe me. The Kaelian part of you feels attracted to him and you can’t help yourself. That’s only normal. And it’s normal for him to feel attracted to you for the same reason, but that’s a very different thing to being in love.’ He placed a conciliatory hand on mine.

I pushed his hand away without thinking twice and crossed my arms over my chest defensively.

‘Look. I don’t care if you understand or not. I’m not leaving Erik.’ I emphasized each word separately. ‘Anyway, I don’t see what the big deal is, after all it’s exactly the same story as you and Mom.’

‘Don’t try to compare what I feel for your mother with this capricious little whim of yours.’ He clenched his teeth, snorting like an angry horse. 

‘What I feel for Erik isn’t a capricious little whim,’ I said, the tone of my voice rising. I was beginning to get tired of this useless conversation. ‘I love him!’

I stood up and walked to the front door. I didn’t want to spend a single minute more in that house. I grasped the handle angrily but it wouldn’t turn. “That’s weird,” I thought, fumbling in the little box where my mother kept the spare keys. I took the front door key and slid it into the lock firmly but it still wouldn’t budge. I’d have snapped the key in two trying to open the damn thing. It was impossible.

‘I’m not going to let you go running after him,’ I heard him say behind me. 

I whirled around furiously, glaring into his eyes. They were completely black. I took a step back from the door.

‘You’re holding me against my will and I’m an adult. I could report you, this is a crime.’ My voice was distorted by a mixture of rage and fear.

‘I gave you the chance to do this nicely, but you’ve decided otherwise. I won’t let you take any more risks.’

‘So what am I supposed to do? Just sit here and wait till you snap out of your paranoia? Grow old, a prisoner in my own house? This is nuts!’ I blurted in exasperation.

‘Don’t worry, we’ll be out of here tomorrow.’

I didn’t understand what he meant, even less so when I looked in his eyes. They were empty and emotionless, but it wasn’t me he was looking at. He was looking beyond me, at a silver-framed photograph of him and Nicole on their wedding day. I felt a sharp stab of regret when I thought of my mother. 

We hadn’t spoken for a couple of days. She was gradually getting over her depression. I knew that my grandma’s loving care would be working miracles on Mom’s emotional state, but even so I felt guilty for not being there, supporting her, caring for her, telling her that she was right, that Dad was alive. Unfortunately for me, I couldn’t involve her. I had to keep her in the dark for her own good.

I looked away from the photo of my parents and looked at Carl. He was standing stock still, lost in thought. I turned and began to climb the stairs. If I had to stay home, at least I’d shut myself up in my own room. It was a pretty empty gesture to show Carl that I didn’t agree with the decision he was taking on my behalf, but right then it was the only thing I could do.

I’d lost track of how long I’d been shut in there when the ringing of the house phone woke me up. I heard Carl’s footsteps downstairs. He was heading for the kitchen to answer. I ran to my mother’s room. There was another phone in there; I picked it up very carefully, almost holding my breath so my father wouldn’t suspect I was listening in. I didn’t catch Carl’s first few words, but there was no mistaking the shrill voice of my best friend at the other end. 

‘Hello? Can you hear me? Mrs Preston?’

I stifled a scream. If only I could tell her I was here.

‘No, it’s her brother Frank,’ lied Carl quite naturally as if he didn’t have a care in the world. 

‘Oh, excuse me, it’s just that…’ Beth hesitated. ‘It’s just that I was a bit worried about her; she didn’t come to school today, and I was wondering if you or Mrs Preston knew where she was.’

The pressure inside my chest was indescribable. My stomach knotted as I realized I was missing my only chance to get out of there. I had to decide whether to cry out to Beth for help or keep quiet and not involve her. I decided to keep quiet.

‘I didn’t know that. How strange. I’ll ask around town, just in case she came here. Don’t worry, if there’s any news I’ll let you know – and if you see her, I’d appreciate it if you rang me to put our minds at rest.’ His voice dripped with fake concern. 

I hung up carefully so that Carl wouldn’t notice when I heard Beth say goodbye. My head was racing. How did Beth know that I might be there? What would have made her call the house in Chemainus when she knew Nicole wasn’t there? It didn’t make sense. Nothing made sense. 

And what about Erik? Was he ok? The last memories I had of him were blurred and anxious. I saw him in my mind, sprawled on the floor like a rag doll. I hadn’t even been able to see his clear, sea-blue eyes one last time.

I got up from my mother’s bed where I’d been sitting to listen in on the phone. I walked to my room, dragging my feet down the corridor, not worrying too much about the man standing under the stairs looking at me sadly. I didn’t care. My life had lost its meaning. I didn’t have Erik, I didn’t have Nicole, or Beth, or Luke. There was only him. My father. The man who’d given me life nineteen years ago was now taking it from me. 

I slammed the door shut, rattling the pictures hanging on the adjoining wall. I looked around the room. The place that had been a refuge for me my whole life was now my prison. I felt suffocated by the four walls around me, so full of memories of the past and so empty of options for the future.

Night closed in on us like a heavy blanket as I lay on the bed. Carl had tried to get me to go down, first for lunch and then for dinner, but I refused to talk to him let alone share a table with him. I knew that anything I ate would come straight back up. My stomach was in no mood for food.

That night, my strange macabre dreams came back. I tossed and turned under the sheets, sweating profusely, clutching my pillow tightly. 

I could see without any doubt that Erik was dead. His body told me that there wasn’t a breath left in him. I threw myself down beside him and began to shake him. There was no response. A laugh rang out behind me, making me turn in fright, my eyes welling up until the tears ran down my reddened cheeks. It was Rudolf. The same enormous, terrifying alien that I’d thought was dead. He strode towards me, reaching me in an instant. He was still laughing his sinister, guttural laugh as he grabbed my arms and pulled at my convulsing body. I refused to be kidnapped again. Just then, a light burst through the darkness. Luke appeared from nowhere, breaking the silence of the night with the roar of his bike. I sighed with relief as I sobbed although I was still in my captor’s arms. Luke would know what to do, he’d bring Erik back from wherever he was. The bike skidded up to me and suddenly Rudolf disappeared and it was my father who was holding my arms. 

A voice startled me awake. 

“Stella.” Erik’s voice sounded so real that I couldn’t be dreaming it.

“Stella, concentrate.” That sweet voice whispered to me in my mind again. I opened my eyes, muddle-headed and puzzled.

‘Erik? Erik, is that you? You’re… Are you real?’ I asked aloud anxiously, but there was no-one there.

For a moment I thought I’d gone mad, but again his voice rang in my head.

“Yes my love, it’s me. Concentrate, I’ve got something very important to tell you and I need you to open your mind completely to me.”

Now I understood. Erik was inside my mind, communicating with me by telepathy. That meant he couldn’t be very far away. I knew that telepathy had its limits, above all at long distance. Erik had told me that more than once. I breathed a sigh of relief. Erik was alive and had come for me. I closed my eyes, focusing my attention on the words coming into my head.

“Carl means to take you with him, but we’re not going to let him. We do need your help, though – if you want to help, of course.”

“Tell me what I have to do,” I thought.

“You ought to know that if we go through with this, you’ll have to turn your back on your father for good. You have to decide what you really want. I’ve thought about this long and hard there’s no other way. It’s either him or me.”

His voice ringing around my head made me feel weird, like I was living in a parallel universe. It was disturbing. I tried to calm my heart down so I could take one of the most difficult decisions of my life. I’d only just got my father back, and now I’d have to give him up again. My determination, and my feelings of rejection towards him, were beginning to turn into a thin layer of ice so fragile that it threatened to splinter into a million pieces. I took a deep breath, trying to stay in control of the situation. Carl wasn’t the same father figure that I remembered from my childhood. The truth was that my father, the man I’d so loved and admired, had died in that accident three years before. Carl was no more than a reflection of someone who no longer existed. Erik was real. He was my life. At that moment everything was clear. I had no doubts.

“I’ll accept the consequences if it means we can be together.”

It was a thought, but it came from deep inside my heart.

“Good. In that case you have to make him believe that you’re perfectly happy to go with him. That’s really important. I can’t say any more; I have to keep you in the dark about what’s going to happen so he doesn’t find out if he manages to get into your mind.”

His soft, sweet voice, like a distant echo, gave me new life, wrapping around me like a silken blanket. I didn’t want him to stop talking.

“Where are you? Is Luke with you? Why don’t you get me out of here now? Why wait till tomorrow?”

“That’s a lot of questions.” I thought I heard a little murmur, like a laugh, although that was impossible. I imagined his lips curving, his eyes twinkling. 

“Trust me, I’ll be wherever you are. That’s all you need to know.”

“I miss you so much,” I thought sadly.

“I miss you too.” There was a moment of silence and I was afraid that he’d gone, then I heard his faint voice again. “Forgive me for not protecting you when I should have; I promise we’ll be together soon and nobody will ever tear us apart again. I love you.”

“I love you too.” 

My head went silent again. Erik wasn’t there any more. I kept the conversation in my mind like a beautiful dream that I didn’t want to wake up from. Just one more night and I’d escape from this nightmare at last.























Plans



“Hope and fear are inseparable; there can be no fear without hope, nor hope without fear.”

François de la Rochefoucauld



Beth paced up and down the living room in the twins’ apartment in Chemainus. They’d decided to spend the night there, and although it wasn’t the safest of places they had no reason to worry. Carl was so confident that his plan was about to come together, that he hadn’t even bothered to do a telepathic sweep to see if Erik and Luke were around. He obviously thought that he’d got Stella’s boyfriend out of the way, and that Luke was bright enough to stay out of it. 

The living room carpet deadened the noise from Beth’s high heels, but Luke seemed bothered by her toing and froing.

‘Can’t you stay still?’ he yelled, glaring at her from the other side of the room.

‘Just ignore me,’ she replied, turning around sharply and carrying on.

‘Do you think you’re more worried than we are just because you’re walking up and down like a thing possessed?’

Beth turned slowly to face him, her coal-black pupils drilling into Luke´s turquoise eyes, concentrating all her frustration into her stare.

‘What’s got into you? Just don’t look at me. You’re like some psychopathic stalker. Go back to your arrogant, superior little world and let me do whatever I want, ok?’ Beth found herself grinding her teeth as she spoke.

A host of different feelings tightened her throat. She hated Luke as much as she desired him. But her mind was centered on Stella. Erik had found out about Carl’s plans just after she’d spoken to him on the phone. While she’d kept him busy with smalltalk, Carl’s mind had relaxed enough for Erik to read his thoughts. He was going to take her to his headquarters. The place where he could do whatever he liked without having to keep up the pretence that he was just another human. Final destination, Alaska.

Beth had never been outside Canada. Her Thai mother had offered to take her to Thailand on a two-week holiday, but she’d refused to go on a plane. She was ashamed to admit it, but the idea of not touching the ground for more than five minutes made her nervous and anxious. She was terrified of flying. That’s why she was pacing up and down the brightly-lit room. She didn’t know how to tell the attractive twins sitting at either end of the modern sofa in front of her that she couldn’t get on a plane, let alone face a three-hour flight. 

Erik’s face was a picture. He couldn’t believe what was happening to Stella. And it was all his fault. If he hadn’t shown up at her High School and taken her life apart piece by piece, he wouldn’t be regretting that Carl had kidnapped her and meant to shut her away forever. Stella should be able to live a normal life and Carl had no right to stop her, or maybe he did; but he wasn’t just going to stand there and let it happen. After all he’d turned his back on her three years before and now he couldn’t just come back and change everything. What dark motive did Carl have for acting that way? Erik couldn’t understand it. He imagined it might be the fear that Stella’s real nature would be discovered, or that she might get sick like the other Kaelians; these were powerful reasons. But when he’d entered his mind a few hours back, he’d sensed something else, a hidden thought, inaccessible and blocked off from any other Kaelian. This made Erik even more anxious than usual. 

It was just a feeling, but something deep in his heart told him that it had something to do with Stella; and the fact that her father had taken the trouble to lock it away in a part of his brain where nobody could get at it wasn’t a good sign.

Luke frowned at Beth as she walked up and down. For a moment he remembered that pink rabbit on a battery commercial that just went on and on. He glanced at his brother, sunk in his private musings; so private that he wouldn’t even share them with Luke. He began to feel seriously worried about Erik’s physical and mental health. He hadn’t touched a morsel of the Chinese food they’d ordered in, and he hadn’t said another word after he’d told them about Carl’s plans for Stella. It wasn’t looking good. “Dammit,” he thought as he sat up to reach for another carton of food.

Beth looked at him wearily as he lifted fried noodles to his mouth with his chopsticks, looking straight at her. 

‘Can’t you stop pigging out? That’s two portions of rice, all the lemon chicken and now all that as well?’ she sneered, lifting two fingers to her mouth as if watching him eat was making her sick to her stomach.

‘Erik, did you hear something just then? Like a donkey braying or whatever?’ Luke was unmoved and took another mouthful of noodles. 

‘I hope you burst, greedy guts,’ said Beth, stopping dead in her tracks.

Luke looked up from his food and looked Beth over. He felt a tightening in his chest when he met her dark eyes, but decided to ignore it, covering it up with his usual sarcasm.

‘Well, at least I’ve managed to stop the top from spinning,’ he mocked. ‘Just watching you was wearing me out.’

Beth scoffed and murmured something unintelligible. Erik gave Luke a reproachful look.

‘Cut it out Luke. You’re going too far. Remember, if it wasn’t for Beth we’d still be wandering around those warehouses with no idea of where to look for Stella.’ Beth nodded her gratitude.

‘Ok, ok; you’re right,’ he conceded peevishly.

He got up slowly and went over to Beth, looking straight at her through half-closed eyes which made her nerves tingle and set her heart racing.

‘“The subspecies of the human race to which you unfortunately belong has always been below my mental horizon. However, I am of the opinion that some sort of reason lurks in some part of your person; we shall search patiently until it appears.” Dedicated to you courtesy of one of the few human beings who could come close to matching me, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.’ He nodded slightly, still looking straight at her, his green eyes shining behind his long lashes.

“Breathe,” she thought as Luke’s words echoed around her mind. She brought her face close to his, trying to appear less intimidated than she really was.

‘You could be more original,’ she replied with fake nonchalance. ‘I can’t believe you have to resort to the words of a mere human. I could do that, honey. You’re losing your touch, Lukey.’ She raised an eyebrow smugly.

‘Wow, you surprise me! You can quote a writer?! That means you know how to read; you might even understand it too!’

‘That’s enough!’ yelled Erik, his booming voice ringing around the house. Beth was open-mouthed, about to answer his arrogant brother. ‘Tomorrow we have to rescue Stella, we have to work together, and all you two can do is argue like a couple of kids. He looked at them so reproachfully that neither of them could hold his gaze. ‘If you can’t behave like adults, you know where the door is.’

‘Sorry Erik, you’re right; it’s just that your brother drives me nuts, he’s more than I can handle sometimes,’ said Beth, desperately trying to justify herself.

Erik glared at his red-headed brother, waiting for an answer.

‘Yes, ok, I’ll behave like you and mope around all day.’

Erik clenched his teeth, his jawbone showing under his skin.

‘If falling in love with Beth bothers you so much, it’s not my problem, but I don’t want it to affect our plans for rescuing Stella.’

The blood drained from Luke’s face. He went white as a ghost. What had Erik said? That he was what? In l…?! He couldn’t even bring himself to finish the word in his mind. It couldn’t be. It was impossible. He wasn’t in love with anybody, he wasn’t even sure about his feelings for Stella any more; but those feelings had made him suffer enough as it was and he wasn’t going to make the same mistake again. No. Erik was wrong. But with everything that was going on, he didn’t have the words to deny it. He turned on his heels and strode down the corridor to his room. He slammed the door so hard that it rattled the hinges.

Beth stood speechless in the middle of the dining room. She didn’t know how to react. Erik sounded so convinced: was it true, could Luke be…? No, it was impossible. Just as it was impossible for her to feel the same about him. But she couldn’t explain the churning in her stomach, as if she’d swallowed a wasps’ nest after what Erik had said. She dropped hopelessly onto the sofa, as white as a sheet. 

Erik instantly regretted what he’d said. Luke deserved a lesson in humility, that wasn’t the problem. But Beth looked extremely upset. He sat beside her.

‘I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you. I just wanted to bring my brother down a peg or two.’

‘No, don’t worry, I’m fine. A bit knocked sideways, but I’m ok.’ She smoothed the legs of her jeans like a skirt. ‘Your brother wears me out. I was so intent on shutting him up that I wasn’t expecting what you said about him.’

‘Well, I don’t know if I’m right or not, but judging by how he reacted and what I saw in his mind…’ He gave her a conspiratorial wink.

‘So what did you see exactly?’ Beth’s voice trembled.

‘Your little “affair”.’

‘Oops; so now I can expect some kind of sermon about how unwise it would be for a girl like me to get involved with a guy like Luke, right?’

‘I’m not your father, Beth,’ replied Erik, downplaying the whole thing. ‘Although I will say one thing. He’s not as fierce as he’s painted.’ He smiled a perfect smile, but although Beth could see in it one of the many reasons why her friend had fallen for him, it didn’t manage to make him look happy.

‘Thanks; if only for the fact that up till now I’d thought I was imagining all this: but if you’ve noticed it too…’ She left the sentence hanging. ‘But what can you do with him? He doesn’t want to talk about it and I’m not going to give him the pleasure of knowing how I feel. And if you say anything to him about this, I’ll just deny everything.’ She looked down at the wooden floor.

‘Your secret is safe with me.’

‘Stella’s a lucky girl.’

‘Right now I’m not so sure about that.’ The look on Erik’s face changed suddenly, turning deep and melancholy. Beth felt guilty.

‘I meant she’s lucky to have you.’

‘I know what you meant, but I can’t agree. All her problems are because of me. I should never have gone anywhere near her.’ His voice sounded tormented and extremely sad. 

Beth felt a lump in her throat, seeing him like that. She tried to imagine how being apart from Erik must be affecting Stella; she was sure to be as devastated as he was.

From the very first time she’d seen them together, when Erik turned up at High School, Beth had sensed that there was something special between them, something unique; like one of those sticky-sweet love films (as she used to call them). Seeing Erik so downcast because he was separated from Stella just seemed to confirm what had seemed so obvious before. A love like they had was a rare privilege experienced by very few. She sighed sadly, gazing down the corridor at the door that had just slammed shut. She would never have anything like that with Luke, but she was determined to do everything in her power to get her friend and this unbelievably hot guy back together again.

The shrill sound of the doorbell rang through the house. The three of them were sleeping, or at least trying to, when Jeff and Angie arrived. Luke was first out of his room, which was nearest the door, and much to their surprise he greeted them with a hug. 

‘I see you’ve become a lot more human recently,’ said Jeff, taking a step back. 

‘What can you do – I’ve always been pretty good at this whole pretending thing,’ replied Luke, moving to one side and motioning them to go in. 

‘I liked the other version better,’ said Angie. It was her way of saying hello.

They both went in. Erik, who’d just come down to the living room, greeted them with a handshake and a smile and thanked them for answering his call. 

‘Let’s just say there’d better be a pretty good reason for dragging us away from our nice quiet home at this ungodly hour,’ replied Jeff.

Beth was still lazing around between the sheets even though she’d heard the doorbell. The guest room was comfortable and cosy. She could get used to living here.

She jumped out of bed, more frightened by her own thoughts than by the muted voices she could hear in the background. She decided to go and see what was going on. She tried to float down the stairs so nobody would know she was there, a difficult task at the best of times. The wood creaked under her weight and four pairs of eyes turned to where she was standing. She cursed herself for not changing her clothes. In her short pyjama pants and thin T-shirt she felt exposed, like a little girl about to be told off by her parents for sneaking down to spy on the houseguests when she should be sleeping.

‘Come here Beth,’ said Erik, inviting her down with a wave of his hand. ‘Let me introduce you to some friends. They’re here to help us.’

She walked down the stairs feeling like she was being watched with every step. She’d never felt so embarrassed in her life. She was quite used to people looking at her, especially men, but this was different. Of all the people in that room she was the least attractive, and that was something she definitely wasn’t used to.

‘Angie, Jeff; let me introduce Beth, Stella’s best friend,’ said Erik by way of an official introduction. ‘Don’t worry, she knows all about us and where we come from.’

Beth just nodded, as did the two attractive visitors. She was shocked. The woman standing in front of her was gorgeous, beautiful; but cold and distant. The man, though, was cut from a different cloth. He was also remarkably attractive, something she was beginning to get used to after spending so much time with Luke and Erik, but there was something familiar about him, something she couldn’t quite work out. 

‘So now we all know each other, let’s sit down and I’ll explain why I called you,’ said Erik, motioning them towards the large leather couch. 

After everyone had made themselves comfortable, Erik began to tell the newcomers everything that had happened up to then. The business with Rudolf the year before, the anonymous notes and finally how Stella’s father had appeared on the scene and how she’d found out that she was Kaelian. He ended by telling them about the kidnapping and how they needed to rescue her before Carl could go through with his plan.

Beth looked on, not daring to interrupt: she was finding things out that she’d never even have imagined. Jeff nodded silently. Impenetrable, unemotional, like a glacier. To say nothing of the woman, Angie, who looked like a photocopy of Jeff. How could these people help if they had ice flowing in their veins instead of blood? The way they were listening so calmly to all this was unbelievable. For God’s sake! If she was hysterical and she only understood half of what was going on, how could these two act this way? She felt a pair of eyes drilling into the back of her neck. It was Luke. She didn’t have to turn and look; she could tell by the uneasiness in her stomach.

“What are you looking at?” she mouthed without uttering a sound so as not to draw attention from the others.

“You,” he mouthed back with a subtle movement of his lips so she could read them, scanning her body at the same time.

The intensity of the look in his green eyes turned her to stone. They seemed to want to pierce her deep down inside, turn her into butter or something of the sort. It was an uncomfortable feeling that she liked, although she couldn’t say why. She felt as if she was in his arms again. A constant tingling ran up and down her body, suffocating her. Luke gave her that half-smile that drove her crazy and set her poor, unaccustomed heart racing.

Beth could hardly breathe. She crossed her arms over her chest, trying to hide the rapid rising and falling of her lungs. She tried to concentrate on the conversation around her to forget the looks she was getting from Luke.

‘Erik, this is more complicated than you think,’ Jeff was saying.

‘Why? It’s a simple plan, and with your help I think we can set Stella free,’ replied Erik, raising his voice.

‘That’s not the point. Your plan…’ He made it clear that he meant it in the plural by giving Beth a condescending smile, including her in something she knew nothing about; ‘… your plan is very good. The problem is that I can’t help you.’

‘Why not?’ Luke asked incredulously. He could have sworn that Jeff and Angie would always be there for them.

‘Because Carl and I are brothers. Like you two,’ he said, nodding at them.

‘You’re Carl’s brother? Stella’s father?’ asked Beth, snapping out of her daze and into the real world.

So that’s why his face was so familiar! He looked just like Stella’s father. Erik and Luke were just as amazed as she was.

‘Yes,’ said Jeff.

‘So why didn’t you tell us before?’ Luke looked visibly shaken by the news.

Obviously if they were brothers, he wouldn’t do what they were asking him to do.

‘There was no need. When you came to our house with her last year, I had the feeling I knew her. Carl never told me where he’d hidden himself, or what he’d been up to; but as soon as I saw Stella, I knew she had something to do with my brother. There was something special about her, to say nothing of how much she looked like him. But I decided to stay out of it, not to interfere in this madness.’ He stared at Erik then went on. ‘We’ve stayed out of the way of everything and everybody for a very long time. I expect you’ve wondered more than once why we took that decision.’ The twins were hanging on every word he said. ‘It was because of Carl. I convinced myself that he’d found the cure for the illness that was affecting us all; he said it did no harm to humans. And I believed him. I came here to help him. I didn’t tell him anything about my coming to this planet, I thought he’d be glad of the company. Imagine my surprise when I got here to find a group of Kaelians who were seducing innocent young girls to… I don’t need to explain it to you. That was your mission here on Earth until a few months ago.’

Erik and Luke bowed their heads in shame and Beth’s eyes were about to spring out of her head. The more she learned about these aliens, the more terrified she felt.

‘So when I saw what was going on, I decided to turn my back on it all. It was my only option if I was going to refuse to do what I’d volunteered for. That meant I could never go back to Kaeliux. I’d condemned myself to exile, led on by Carl’s lies. Fortunately Angie came with the team of scientists which was going to work in the lab at our base here on Earth with me. We got on well right from the start and when she found out about my decision, she just dropped everything and refused to have anything to do with it. It was tough, I can assure you, but eventually we managed it. We live nice and quietly in our little refuge and I won’t risk losing it all again just because my brother has done something stupid again.’

Everyone was stunned. Luke spoke first.

‘All the more reason to help us. Carl has lost it. He wants to kidnap Stella, and that’s not what you might call ‘normal’. Besides, if he’s your brother as you say, that makes her your niece. Don’t you want to save your niece’s life?’

Jeff grimaced. He didn’t like what Luke was saying at all, but it was obvious that he’d already thought of it judging by the quickness of his response.

‘I doubt very much that Carl wants to take her life; all he wants to do is protect her.’

‘But we know her; we love her. Why would he want to take her away from us? Is he scared of us or something? It isn’t logical,’ mumbled Beth, concerned that her chances of ever seeing Stella again were disappearing fast.

‘It’s not you he’s scared of. It’s the higher echelons of the Kaelian government he wants to hide her from. You have no idea what might happen to Stella if they find out about her.’ Jeff’s emotionless voice made Beth’s hair stand on end and got Luke and Erik’s backs up too. ‘Don’t you see? She’s the solution to the illness that’s threatening to affect all of us sooner or later. Her body, her DNA, her cells contain the answer to all our research. If they find out about Stella, Carl as a scientist committed to our cause as maximum priority, will have to give his own daughter up for experimentation.’

All three were stunned into silence. The idea of Stella’s motionless body lying on a lab gurney made Erik’s gorge rise and he felt as if someone had stabbed him in the chest.

‘I’ll never let that happen! Over my dead body!’ he growled, standing up and clenching his fists.

‘And over mine!’ said Luke, standing next to his brother and placing a hand on his shoulder.

‘It goes without saying that I’d do anything for Stella,’ added Beth, grasping Luke’s hand, feeling its warmth. Luke made no effort to pull his hand away. On the contrary, he tightened his grip.

‘This is madness.’ They were the first words Angie had spoken. ‘But I’m with you.’ She looked at Jeff and shrugged. ‘I’m sorry. I have a soft spot for these two.’

There was an eerie, sepulchral silence for a few moments. Nobody dared to breathe. Jeff had to make a decision which might be crucial if they were to achieve their objective. Rescuing Stella.

‘Very well,’ he said reluctantly. ‘But on one condition. We do it my way.’







The rescue




“To be ready is one thing, to be able to wait is another; but to seize the right moment is everything.”

Arthur Schnitzler




‘We have to go’, said my father, throwing the door open.

I was sitting waiting at my writing desk. I’d been awake all night after my mental connection with Erik. My head, unfortunately for me, was annoyingly sluggish, as if I’d been drugged or sedated. I couldn’t think clearly and everything was starting to seem surreal. Until just over a year ago I was a normal girl with a normal life and normal friends. Now, I was a freak: half-human, half-alien, with a paranoid alien father, a depressed mother and an anything but normal boyfriend who wanted to play the hero. How could you call any of this ‘normal’?

I’d been on the computer for a couple of hours searching for data and crazy theories about UFOs. I’d never been interested in any of this before, but this was more than I could bear and I needed to prove to myself that it was real, that my head was still attached to my body and working properly. I was shocked by what I’d found. 

There were photos, very specific data, dates, all sorts of information about aliens. I had to laugh at some of the pictures of supposed alien visitors which came up on my screen. If only they knew… My search somehow ended up with the experiments carried out by Nazi doctors and scientists during the Second World War. The facts were spine-chilling. Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, twins and so on. A long list of victims who suffered all kinds of cruelty because those degenerates had an uncontrolled lust for experimenting. They didn’t even deserve to be called humans. In fact one of them, my father, wasn’t human. I searched for his name in the lists of supposed doctors and was relieved when I couldn’t find his name anywhere. But was that his real name? Had he been Carl Preston the whole time he’d been on Earth? I was plagued by doubt, my fingers paralyzed over the worn keys. 

It was no use going on digging. The only thing I’d found out for sure was that there were people who were much more paranoid than me, and that I’d never trust my father no matter how much he pleaded.

I took my time changing my clothes. I wasn’t looking forward to going with Carl, but Erik had asked me to. I had to behave normally and make out that I agreed with my father’s decision. My stomach rumbled rebelliously as I clomped downstairs. I went straight to the kitchen and took a doughnut from the open box on the table. My father must have gone out to buy them for breakfast.

‘Are you ready?’ I heard him say from behind me, making me choke on a mouthful. I began to cough and couldn’t answer. ‘We leave in half an hour. We’re on the ten o’clock flight.’

‘What about packing?’ I asked, not really knowing how to behave.

I was sure that I wasn’t fooling him and that my chances of escaping were going up in smoke thanks to my terrible acting.

‘Don’t worry. I’ve packed you a bag with everything you’ll need.’ He pointed at a bag poking out from behind the door. ‘Are you Ok?’

His tone of voice, gentler than usual, plus the furrows forming on his forehead, gave me the feeling that he suspected something. 

‘I’m fine, really. I’ve been thinking about what you said and I realised that you know best.’ I tried to pause and breathe as I poured out my lies. I looked him straight in the eyes to make it seem more real. A smile formed on his lips and his face looked more relaxed than a few moments ago. He’d swallowed it. ‘Can I ask you something?’

‘Sure.’

‘Why Alaska?’

‘Because it’s too cold for people to go sniffing around their neighbours’ houses,’ he replied brightly. ‘We’re going to the place where I’m living at the moment; it’s a house in the middle of nowhere. Nobody will ever track us down. It’s the safest place in the world. You can rest assured, nobody will be able to find us.’

My heart shrank until I thought it had disappeared altogether. If Erik didn’t make it on time, I’d never see him – or anyone else –again.

Carl had called a cab. The horn sounded, telling us it had arrived. My father slung my bag onto his shoulder and opened the door for me to go out first. He wanted to make sure I didn’t slip away when he wasn’t looking. I felt his gaze on my back, watching me. I strode towards the taxi so that he knew I wasn’t planning to run off, even though that’s exactly what I meant to do. I was a bundle of nerves. Erik had told me to play along, but for how long? How would he find me? Did he know what flight we were getting? The doubts built up in my head and my palms began to sweat in spite of the biting wind, which was cold enough to freeze your blood. Carl sat beside me in the back of the cab. 

‘Victoria International Airport,’ he said, leaning slightly forward.

I still couldn’t believe what was happening. I glanced at Carl. He was gazing vacantly into the distance out of the taxi window. Did he really think he was saving my life? If the story he’d told me was true, he should know better than anyone what I felt for Erik. But it seemed that he didn’t. Something deep inside told me this wasn’t going to turn out well. I was nervous. My stomach felt queasy, like just before a rollercoaster ride before you take the first plunge down. It was a strange mixture of anxiety at what was coming, and wanting to get going. That’s how I was feeling. I wanted to see Erik again, to end this madness and lose myself in his arms. But at the same time I knew that would mean saying goodbye to my father forever. 

My father didn’t say a word during the two-hour drive from Chemainus to Victoria. I pretended I was having a nap so I didn’t have to talk to him. 

‘Here we are,’ I heard the cab driver say, turning his head to make sure we’d heard him.

‘Come on Stella,’ said my father, stroking my arm gently to wake me out of my fake sleep.

I opened my eyes and was instantly taken back in time. He was looking at me tenderly, the same tenderness as when he’d come to wake me in the mornings all those years ago. I felt a lump in my throat which was threatening to ruin everything. I swallowed hard but it was no use. Tell-tale tears were already flowing down my cheeks, misting up my eyes.

‘Hush child, everything’s going to be fine,’ he whispered, cradling me in his arms. If he only knew that really I wanted everything to go wrong and to go back to Erik. ‘Come on, we don’t have much time.’

I nodded, wiping my face with the sleeve of my jersey. The cold outside hit my reddened cheeks. The wind wanted to take possession of my sadness just as my father wanted to take possession of my future. I was about to lose everything: my angel, my mother, Luke, Beth, all of them forever. My heart was shattered into a million pieces and in danger of disappearing too.

Carl leaned against the window of the cab, paid the driver and told him to keep the change. The cabbie drove off, thanking him for such a generous tip. I looked around, searching for the only face that my heart was aching to see. I concentrated my mind as we walked to the terminal where our flight was due to take off, trying to contact Erik. Nothing. Something was wrong. It wasn’t looking good. I followed in my father’s footsteps but didn’t really know what was expected of me. Should I carry on faking or make a run for it? I decided to do what my heart told me.

When I saw my father going through the glass doors, fighting his way through a crowd of Japanese tourists heading for their bus, I began to run. Without knowing where I was running to. Anywhere to get away from Carl and his invisible prison. I ran desperately among the cars in the airport car park. I felt the muscles in my legs tie up from the effort. My irregular breathing became a constant gasping for air. My eyes were weeping because of the freezing wind and I didn’t see the figure that jumped out from nowhere. I ran straight into him, slamming into his body. He threw his arms around me and dragged me away. Away from Carl, away from Alaska, away from the world.

Erik was holding me again and that was all that mattered to me. I knew it before I opened my eyes. I knew it from the warmth of his hands on my skin. I knew it from the way my heart was pounding with joy. I looked up and saw the blue sea that I’d longed for so much. His face moved closer, blocking out the rest of the world. He kissed me passionately, urgently, but also with relief and fear. I felt the warmth of his mouth and the furious fluttering of butterflies in my stomach.

‘Stella my love, where did you spring from?’ He sounded like he was scolding me but there was a smile on his lips.

He looked worn out, like he hadn’t slept all night – maybe several nights. But the light in his eyes was brilliant and intense. He was smiling and happy and so was I, something I’d waited so long for.

‘I didn’t see you, I didn’t know where you were, then Carl looked the other way and I escaped. It’s been a nightmare, I didn’t know what to do; I thought I’d never see you again.’ The words came out in a rush, my voice cracking at the end.

‘Shh, it’s Ok, it’s all over. I won’t let them separate us again,’ he whispered sweetly in my ear. I felt my heart healing already.

‘What the..!’ I heard from behind me. 

It was Beth. I turned around without letting go of Erik. She knelt beside us and threw herself onto me, hugging me tight. 

‘My God Stella, you’re here! You’re alive!’ The excitement in her voice made me smile. 

‘Yes Beth; I escaped,’ I replied, pulling away a little so I could rest my head on Erik’s chest. 

‘Well that was really dumb.’ Luke appeared from behind my friend.

The smile on his face said he didn’t really mean it. He came over to us, ran one finger along my forehead and tucked a loose lock of hair behind my ear almost too carefully, as if he could break me with a flick of his fingers.

‘I’m glad I can give you hell again for stupid stunts like that.’

His sarcastic comments meant more to me than anyone would ever know. I felt all my scars healing. Everything would be all right now.

‘Where are the other two weirdos?’ asked Beth.

‘Who?’ I replied, tensing up in my angel’s arms.

‘Jeff and Angie,’ whispered Erik, his breath warming the back of my neck, sending me halfway to heaven. ‘They’ve come to help us. In fact, they’re inside the airport. They’ve probably met up with your father by now. We should go, like we planned.’ He didn’t go into any more detail. Right then, I didn’t care.

‘I’ll go get the UFO,’ said Luke, walking away.

Beth’s eyes widened and her jaw gave in to the laws of gravity.

‘Y-You’ve got a UFO?’ she stammered in disbelief.

Erik shook his head silently and smiled. I eyed him suspiciously. He gestured a ‘No’ but Beth wasn’t paying any attention. She was staring in the direction where Luke had disappeared from sight.

A fabulous red convertible, much too distinctive and much too convertible for the cold Canadian winter, drew up with Luke at the wheel.

‘Surprised?’ he winked at Beth with a smile.

‘You idiot. I fell for it, can you believe that?! I don’t know why I even bother listening to you any more,’ muttered Beth, sitting next to him in the passenger seat. ‘Although I might forgive you if you let me drive this beauty,’ she said, running her fingers along the dashboard.

‘When Hell freezes over.’

I stood there watching the two of them, but I didn’t quite get what was going on. Erik just shrugged and I decided to let it go. For the time being.




























Stupid reactions



“Two things are infinite: the Universe and human stupidity. And I’m not so sure about the Universe.”

Albert Einstein



‘Couldn’t you find anything more… normal?’ I asked, warming myself up by wrapping my arms – and Erik’s – around me until Luke finally decided to put the roof up after much cajoling from me and Beth.

The red-haired twin looked at me in the rear view mirror and chuckled.

‘Did you know that the males of your species measure their masculinity by how powerful their cars are? I haven’t found one yet which even comes close to matching mine and I had to settle for renting this pile of junk,’ he said with a wink.

I rolled my eyes and sighed. Men. Human or not, there was no understanding them.

‘That is such total garbage,’ said Beth, resting her feet on the dashboard. It was pretty much what I was thinking too.

Luke didn’t reply, but pushed her feet off the impeccable wooden dash.

‘How many horsepower does a car like this have?’ asked Erik, with the usual interest that men have for anything with wheels.

‘At least two-fifty,’ said Luke smugly. ‘Like I said, nowhere near what a guy like me should be driving.’

‘What’s the use of so much power if you don’t know how to use it?’ mocked Beth.

You didn’t have to be a genius to figure out that she wasn’t talking about the car. I looked at Erik and he gestured with his hand that there was trouble brewing. Beth hadn’t chosen her topic wisely. As expected, Luke jumped in with both feet.

‘Have you ever heard the saying, “People who seem stupid are stupid; and half of those who don’t are as well?”’ he sneered, looking straight at Beth. She made a face but didn’t answer. ‘Well you belong to the first group. Not only do you seem stupid, you really are.’

‘Same to you with sugar on top, bozo.’ She sounded like she was back in kindergarten.

I couldn’t help laughing. Where did she get this stuff from? The three of us burst out laughing and Luke did his best to stop us by accelerating madly until we could feel the speed like a knot in our stomachs.

‘Relax Luke, or we’ll end up upside down in a ditch.’ I grinned at him in the rear view, stroking Erik’s arm as he held me close. 

He leaned over and kissed me tenderly.

‘You have no idea how much I’ve missed you,’ he whispered so only I could hear. 

My skin tingled and I felt the shock of electricity and happiness that I only got from him. My lips searched for his. I was starting to enjoy the gentle touch of his skin when Beth yelled and brought me back down from heaven with a bump.

‘Hey! Watch out you moron! What’s this guy up to, he nearly hit us!’ She was hanging onto the edge of her seat with all her strength, and her feet looked like they were nailed to the floor mat. 

Erik pulled me closer, tensing his arms around me as if he wanted to cocoon me from any danger. 

‘Luke! What’s going on?’ he shouted; we were being flung from side to side of the back seat. 

Erik had just banged his head against the window and I was beginning to regret not wearing my seat belt.

‘No idea. That station wagon came out of nowhere and almost ran us off the road. He’s trying to shunt us from behind.’ The way he was shouting showed how worried he was about the recklessness of the driver who was chasing us.

I turned a little, still being held very close by Erik, and looked through the back window of the sports car. I saw an enormous Dodge. I couldn’t make it out very well because it was huge and we were very low on the road, but the silver ram’s horns on the front grill were closing in on us like the jaws of a wild beast.

‘But why?’ I asked in terror.

Luke was concentrating full-time on driving very fast and trying not to smash into the trees at the side of the road. 

‘Who knows?’ said Beth hysterically. ‘Maybe he doesn’t like the fact that we’ve got a better car than him.’

I looked for comfort in Erik’s eyes. I didn’t find it. They were clouded and cold. The worst was yet to come. Or maybe it had already.

‘Luke,’ he half-whispered almost too calmly; ‘show this guy what you can do with this car.’

Luke obeyed, putting his foot down and slamming us against the seat backs. I was scared to death. We took bends so fast I didn’t have time to see them coming. It was a relief to me that his Kaelian genes allowed him to react faster than any human.

No matter how fast we went, we couldn’t shake the station wagon. I couldn’t believe that something that big could move so fast. Suddenly we skidded and left the road; I thought we were going to hit the safety barrier but we didn’t. Luke had turned off at the last moment. We charged along for a couple of miles, the countryside around us no more than a blur of brown and green which I took to be trees. Luke hit the brakes hard and sank the tires into the asphalt to turn us onto a dirt track, accompanied by the pungent tang of burning rubber. 

‘We’ve lost him,’ he said nervously.

‘He was Kaelian,’ said Erik. I was stunned.

‘Are you sure? I didn’t sense anything.’

I waited for Erik to answer, knowing I wouldn’t like what I was going to hear.

‘Yes. I sensed it. But I couldn’t get into his mind, it was too well-protected,’ he frowned, looking into the middle distance.

‘Maybe it was my father,’ I said timidly, my voice half-strangled by fear.

‘It wasn’t Carl; I’ve been inside his mind and I’d have recognized it.’ His eyes were still distant.

Was this never going to stop? Where the hell had this other alien come from? I hadn’t realized that my legs were trembling until Erik gently placed his hand on them, calming the involuntary shaking.

‘Maybe it was just a coincidence,’ he said, looking at me at last.

From the look in his eyes he didn’t believe that and neither did I.

‘The best thing we can do is follow the plan until Jeff and Angie find us,’ said Luke firmly.

‘You’re right. But maybe we should change cars,’ replied my angel.

Luke muttered something best not repeated, then got out of the car, as his brother had suggested. He slammed the door shut, leaving us in no doubt that he didn’t agree with the decision. I looked at my friend, quiet as a mouse in the passenger seat; her fingers were digging into the upholstery and her knuckles were white. 

‘Beth, are you ok?’ I was worried about her.

‘So these psychopathic aliens are your friends, are they?!’ she screamed furiously.

‘Better get her out in the fresh air; she’s having a panic attack,’ whispered Erik.

I nodded. He got out of the car and I followed, standing by Beth’s door. I opened it and offered her my hand. She took it like a lifeline and got out, visibly shaken.

I looked around. I hadn’t even noticed that we’d parked outside a small café. A couple of beat-up vans and a few family cars were the only scenery.

‘What’s got into her?’ said Luke when he saw the shock on Beth’s face.

‘I think she was impressed with your fabulous driving.’

Luke looked at me, then at her; he shrugged and turned on his heels, heading for the small diner.

‘Let’s go in. I don’t want you two outside alone,’ said Erik, putting an arm around my waist.

I began walking with him but hanging onto Beth’s hand. Little by little she was getting some color back into her cheeks.

‘Feeling better?’ I asked as we sat at a small table drinking the hot chocolate that they’d just brought over. I looked up and saw the twins talking to some guy at the counter. 

‘I don’t even know if I’m here. What a rush!’ I turned and stared at her. ‘Leaving aside the nausea at the beginning and the fear of dying at the end, that was the most exciting moment of my life!’ 

I raised an eyebrow. And here was me thinking she’d be traumatized for life. I shouldn’t have been surprised, Beth’s head worked on a different plane to the rest of humanity. My legs were still shaking.

‘I’m glad you enjoyed it at least,’ I said warily. ‘Would it have anything to do with the fact that Luke was driving, I wonder?’

‘I’ll tell you this much. I’m crazy about him.’ She leaned her elbows on the table, making the two plastic mugs wobble dangerously. ‘I don’t know what to do: one minute I want to kill him, the next I want to eat him alive!’

‘So who’s the lucky guy, may I ask?’ Speak of the devil.

‘Not you, don’t worry yourself,’ said Beth a little too quickly and nervously.

A mischievous smile formed on Luke’s lips as he stared at her.

‘Yeah sure,’ he said condescendingly. ‘Deny the obvious, first step to addiction.’ Then he added more seriously, ‘We’d better cut out the chit-chat and go. Come on.’ 

Luke was too rude to Beth, and I didn’t like it. It reminded me of how he’d treated me the year before. I felt a sharp pain in my chest. Jealousy? Impossible. Luke could do what he liked, it didn’t concern me in the least. I was just worried about Beth. Or at least that’s what I liked to think.

I’d noticed the looks that Luke had been giving hBeth. Despite his claims that he couldn’t stand her, those looks lasted just a little too long. I knew she’d been interested in him from day one, but I hadn’t seen the same interest from Luke until now. I felt a deep unease way down inside. I’d grown too used to having them both to myself. Luke wasn’t the love of my life, but I didn’t like him looking at somebody else the way he used to look at me. It was very selfish of me. Foolishness, that’s what it was: foolishness, pure and simple.

Feeling Erik’s arms around me woke me from my unwelcome daydream. I felt the warmth of his lips when he kissed my cheek, like a gentle caress. My stomach knotted and I felt a pleasant tingling all over. Luke and Beth disappeared from my mind as if by magic. It was just Erik and me.

‘Shall we go?’

‘Uh-huh.’ That was all I could manage by way of an answer; I just longed for all this madness to end so I could be alone with him again.

When we went out of the diner, I was surprised to see Erik climbing into a battered old van that looked like it might fall to pieces at any moment.

‘What’s Luke doing?’ I asked, pointing towards the van.

‘We’ve exchanged the car for this van. The other guy was delighted with the deal,’ explained Erik, confirming my suspicions.

‘Are you out of your minds?!’ yelled Beth, hands defensively on hips. ‘In this old wreck? It’s insane! We won’t get to Victoria in a hundred years!’

‘Nobody will notice us in this thing,’ I answered, beating Erik to it.

I knew they were worried about being attacked by the lunatic in the station wagon. They wanted to avoid another incident with him at all costs. I didn’t need to hear it from my angel’s lips, by now I could read his silences better than his words. And being able to get inside his mind helped, too.

‘Well if you ask me, that… thing… is an offense to the environment; there’s no way I’m getting in it,’ sulked Beth. 

I looked into Erik’s eyes for a moment, pulled away from him and went over to her. He went over towards the van to give us some privacy. I leaned close to her so I could whisper without the twins listening in.

‘Look at it this way; you can spend more time with Luke. Think about it like this: when we get home, he’ll disappear without a trace and you’ll never see him again.’

‘Oh yeah? He’s planning to disappear, is he? The little…’

‘Come on, don’t be like that,’ I broke in before she could launch into one of her endless lists of swearwords. ‘Luke is Luke, you just have to accept that. He’s a free spirit.’

She turned to look at me, her forehead furrowed.

‘Don’t go into marketing, you’re terrible at it,’ she smiled. ‘I’ll get into that jalopy because you’re begging me to and I don’t want to hurt your feelings, but I just want you to know that I don’t give two hoots what that guy does when we get home,’ she said, pointing towards Luke with her chin. I was doing my best not to laugh. 

Since when was I begging? I shook my head and put my arm around her shoulders. 

‘I think he likes you,’ I whispered; the expression on Beth’s face changed. Quite a change it was, too, from utter indifference to unbridled enthusiasm.

‘Really?! I thought so too.’ Her eyes were sparkling. ‘I don’t mean to sound vain, but not many guys can resist after they’ve tasted the honey on my lips.’

Time stood still while I took in what she’d just told me. Luke and Beth had kissed?! When? And how many other things had been going on that I knew nothing about? Not knowing made me feel stupid. I was tempted to ask her right then what had happened, but luckily my head reacted quickly and told my mouth to keep quiet. The last thing I wanted was for Beth to start questioning me again about my feelings for my boyfriend’s brother.

‘Don’t you want to know what happened?’ asked Beth, reading my mind. 

‘Not really,’ I lied; ‘but if it makes you feel happy go ahead,’ I sighed theatrically, trying to feign indifference but feeling the blood rushing to my face.

I hated that part of me. I always blushed at the worst possible times. As luck would have it, Beth was more interested in Luke’s face than mine.

She was about to tell me, and I was itching to hear it, when Erik called us urgently. It was time to go.

Inside the van, with one of us in the front and the other in the back, it was impossible to carry on with our unfinished conversation. I leaned against my Erik’s shoulder and closed my eyes to erase all the thoughts that were overwhelming me. Before I knew it, the purring of the engine and the warmth of his body sent me into a deep sleep. 









Doubts



“Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.”

William Shakespeare



We were in a tunnel. An endless darkness lay before us. I grasped my angel’s hand tightly. I didn’t like the dark. I knew that the ghosts that my mind was conjuring up weren’t real, but even so I couldn’t stop my heart from beating uncontrollably and my hands from sweating more than usual.

Luke and Beth appeared behind us. I didn’t recognize my friend. There was a strange grimace on her face. Her eyes looked empty, lifeless, expressionless. Just looking at her terrified me. Luke was holding her under the arms, dragging her feet behind him. I felt a knot of pain and desperation in the pit of my stomach. 

‘What happened to her?!’ I screamed, trying to get to Luke. His face showed no emotion. He was wearing his mask of indifference, ignoring me completely. ‘Beth! Beth! Answer me!’

Nothing. Silence. Just the echo of my voice ricocheting off the cold stone walls. Erik was still pulling me along, seemingly unaware of my desperation. I tried to escape his grip, but he grabbed me around the waist and held me even more firmly, walking on.

‘Better not try to get away.’ He turned to face me and when I looked into his eyes I let out a scream of terror. They were no longer blue, but as black as coal.

What was happening? Was this really my angel? I was overwhelmed by fear; it wrapped itself around me, imprisoning me until every single cell was gripped by terror.

‘You can’t do anything for her,’ he said, nodding at Beth. His icy voice gave me gooseflesh.

I tried to wriggle free from his iron grip but couldn’t. I turned to the only other person that remained.

‘Luke, help me!’

Suddenly, unexpectedly, he appeared beside me. He still had a smile on his handsome face. He ran his fingers gently over my cheek.

‘I can’t help you. You had your chance, but now I’m not interested. I have everything I need,’ he laughed, showing me Beth’s limp body. 

Erik joined in the laughter. I started to scream in desperation, then felt someone shaking me. 

‘Stella, honey, wake up.’

I opened my eyes anxiously and looked into my angel’s blue sea. It had all been a bad dream, one of my recurring nightmares. Erik smoothed away a strand of hair from my face and caressed me tenderly.

‘Another nightmare?’ he breathed.

‘Yes,’ I whispered.

Luckily, Beth and Luke hadn’t noticed. I gave a sigh of relief that I didn’t have to explain it all to them.

‘I don’t understand all these nightmares. Or your blackouts.’ There was a hint of worry in his sweet voice.

He held me closer. Erik was right. My nightmares were no coincidence. My subconscious sometimes foresaw future events. I’d had a similar experience the year before, when Erik disappeared. That was why my own dreams scared me so much. As for the blackouts, they were pretty few and far between and didn’t worry me too much.

I thought it better to change the subject. There was something that worried me more than my absurd dreams; besides, I didn’t feel like recalling anything about the one I’d just had.

‘You still haven’t told me your plan; or what’s happened to my father, or what Jeff and Angie have to do with all this.’

‘You’re right. I’ll explain everything, but first you need to know something and I swear I had no idea.’ He shifted awkwardly. ‘You can believe me when I say that when I found out, I was thunderstruck.’

‘So come on; out with it,’ I said anxiously.

‘Jeff is your father’s brother. In other words, your uncle.’

My mouth dropped open. That wasn’t possible; or was it? After all, what did I know about my father? Only the web of lies that he’d weaved to deceive Nicole and me. 

‘So how did you find out?’ I asked, although the answer was obvious.

‘He told us himself when we asked him to help us,’ he replied, then went on to tell me everything that my supposed uncle had said about him and Carl.

The more I found out, the more unbelievable it all seemed. I had to admit that the first time I met Jeff, he reminded me of my father; but who could have imagined that he and Carl were brothers?!

‘That’s why he was so reluctant to help us at first but we managed to persuade him and right now they’re probably trying to reason with Carl somewhere a little less public than an airport.’

‘Have they kidnapped him?’ I asked warily.

‘No. Before you showed up at the airport car park, Jeff had a plan. He was going to catch your father by surprise and we were going to get you away while Carl was still getting over the shock of seeing his brother. But you made a break for it and I suppose Jeff will have stuck to the plan all the same. Otherwise your father would have come looking for you as soon as he noticed you were gone.’

‘So what’s the plan now?’

‘We’re going to take the ferry to Jeff and Angie’s place.’

‘The same cabin as last year, on the Southern Gulf islands?’

‘Yes. We reckoned it would be the safest place to be until we find out what’s going on with your father. It’s strange that Jeff hasn’t called yet.’ Erik looked thoughtful.

‘Strange? Why?’ I asked cautiously.

I didn’t know what to think. Who were the good guys and the bad guys? Was Carl the bad guy and Jeff the good guy? I shook my head, unable to understand. Maybe we were all the same, we were just pursuing different goals.

Erik, as he did so many times, read my thoughts or maybe just read the bewildered look on my face.

‘Everything’s going to be fine,’ he said, stroking my cheek. ‘The important thing is that you’re here with me and nobody can hurt you,’ he whispered, resting his lips on my forehead, brushing my skin lightly.

‘I’m not worried about myself,’ I said drily, almost harshly.

I was beginning to get tired of all this masculine over-protection; even so, when I realized how hard I’d sounded, I tried to soften my tone.

‘What about my father? Will I ever see him again, or have I lost him for good? Was he right when he told me about the danger I might be in if someone from your planet found out about me? And if he was right, how far can we trust Jeff and Angie?’ The questions tripped out all at once and Erik’s face changed instantly from total incomprehension to suspicion as he listened.

‘I warned you when we “spoke” the other night. It’s either Carl or me.’ His voice was neutral and impersonal, as if he wanted me to think that what I had to say didn’t matter; but his eyes had darkened and I couldn’t see my blue sky any more. ‘I thought you’d chosen to be with me.’

‘Of course I want to be with you!’ I took his face in both hands: I could feel the searing pain of his sadness in my chest. ‘I was just trying to express my fears to you. You have to understand me. I was all right with turning my back on him, among other things because he wasn’t behaving like a father, but that doesn’t mean that the idea of never seeing him again isn’t breaking my heart.’ Erik was silent, gazing at me intently, his lapis lazuli stare drilling into my tired eyes. ‘After all, my father just wanted to protect me. So he chose the wrong way to go about it? Sure. But why should I trust my uncle and not my father? Isn’t it possible that Jeff is just as good a liar as his brother?’

A silence fell between us. I could feel it. It was a painful silence, full of doubts and fears, things we needed to say but couldn’t. I longed with all my heart for Erik to say something, comfort me, or even yell at me if that was what he needed. I didn’t care, anything, I just wanted him to react. But my angel said nothing. His lips were sealed. But I could see the pain and disappointment in his eyes.

‘Erik…’ I whispered.

He placed his fingers on my lips, choking my words before they could come out.

‘Don’t say anything,’ he said sombrely, sending a shiver right through me.

The van stopped and Luke turned and smiled at us, obviously unaware of what had been going on.

‘We’re here, come on.’

Erik and I got out. We didn’t speak, we didn’t touch, distanced from each other even though we were only inches apart.

Beth came to stand beside me while the twins went in to buy the tickets for the ferry. 

‘This is awesome! We’re going to the islands! This could turn into a honeymoon, don’t you think?’ she winked excitedly, digging an elbow into my ribs.

‘Don’t talk crap,’ I lashed out, unleashing all my frustration on her.

‘Whoa, what’s gotten into you?!’

I sighed loudly. I needed to unload on someone neutral, someone who’d be immune to all my doubts and fears.

‘Erik and I just had a fight.’

‘But… we didn’t hear any shouting or anything.’

‘I know. Our fights are usually silent.’

I began to tell her about our conversation and about my little chats with Carl while we were in Chemainus, with one eye on Luke and Erik, making sure they were still in the line for tickets. The last thing I needed was for my boyfriend to come back and catch me talking about him.

‘I wouldn’t like to be in your shoes,’ said Beth, fiddling with a lock of hair. 

‘Gee thanks, that’s some consolation.’

‘It’s the truth Stella; from what you’ve told me the problem is that your father will never let you be with Erik, and Erik won’t let him anywhere near you because he knows what he’s up to. They’re like oil and water, they’ll never mix; one will always repel the other. Erik’s right: you have to choose.’

‘I have chosen; I ran away and now I’m here with him,’ I muttered, fighting against the clash of emotions that I was feeling.

‘Yes, but you’re not here a hundred per cent. And more than that, you’ve had a go at him for not allowing you to be with your father.’

‘I never said that!’ I protested bitterly.

‘You let him think that, which is even worse.’

My head was spinning, plunging me into a dizzying spiral of anxiety.

‘Don’t say this to Erik, but when Carl had me locked up in Chemainus there were times when I felt fine with him, although I didn’t want to admit it. It was as if I’d picked my life up from where I left off three years ago, and it’s that feeling which won’t leave me alone. It’s one thing to accept that your father is dead and you’ll never see him again; it’s quite another to know that he’s alive and it’s me who’s avoiding him.’ I massaged my temple. I had a throbbing headache. ‘I know it’s hard to understand, but that’s how I feel.’

‘Don’t be so sure; I understand you perfectly,’ said Beth, bowing her head. ‘It’s how I felt when my parents got divorced and I had to choose between them.’

We fell into total silence, each of us wallowing in our own misery. I began to notice a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach and looked up, blinking a few times to try to focus on the twins as they walked towards us. We stood up and everything happened in a flash. The asphalt was like quicksand under my feet and I lost my balance for a few seconds. Erik’s quick, strong arms grabbed me just in time before I hit the ground.

‘Are you ok?’ His voice was a distant murmur. ‘Stella say something, you’re scaring me.’

The sound of his voice got fainter and fainter, then I felt someone shaking me. I came round in an instant. I blinked quickly.

‘I don’t know what happened, that was really weird,’ I slurred, still dizzy and groggy.

‘I don’t like it,’ said Erik, grabbing me around the waist as I stood up.

‘I’m fine, just a drop in blood pressure or something.’

‘You really think so?’ He wasn’t convinced.

‘I need some sugar; if I eat something it’ll pass.’

I tried to persuade him that he needn’t worry, but by the looks he was giving me, it wasn’t working at all. I couldn’t blame him, not even I believed what I was saying.

‘We’ll get something in the bar on the ship,’ he answered. The conversation was closed.



It was the never-ending story. The same worn seats, the same ferry company, the same hurried escape: my life was like a loop in which I was destined to suffer the same thing over and over again. The only difference this time was Beth and I honestly didn’t want to put her through all this. I looked at Erik’s profile as he looked at the sea through a misted-up porthole. 

‘Are you still angry?’ I asked with a tinge of regret.

‘No.’

‘Upset?’

‘No.’

‘Disappointed?’ 

‘No.’

‘So what is it?’ I asked, exasperated.

Something was bothering him and I was determined to get an answer.

‘Nothing, I’m good.’ He kissed me on the forehead. ‘Believe me, everything’s fine.’

‘I don’t like the sound of that,’ I groused.

‘Stella, give me a break ok? I’ve got my worries too; you don’t have to know all the ins and outs the whole time.’

The ice in his voice and the hardness in his eyes made me feel small and insignificant. Now I was angry. I pulled my hand from his and crossed my arms, determined to stay feisty for at least five minutes, quite a challenge for me; normally my limit was about two seconds. This time I was going to manage it. I was tired of so many lies and so many secrets. Erik would have to learn to trust me once and for all.


An unexpected twist



“If passion, if madness never passed through the soul, what worth would life have?”

Jacinto Benavente



Beth glanced at Luke as she sat beside him. He was so absorbed in the argument between Erik and Stella that he didn’t even notice her looking at him. He seemed delighted by his brother’s anger. Beth was convinced that if anything drove a wedge between Stella and Erik, he’d jump in to fill the gap at a moment’s notice. She began to notice a bitter taste in her mouth and a tightness in her stomach. Jealousy? Was she really jealous? She didn’t expect her mind to give her a logical answer. Her hand reacted faster, landing a slap on Luke’s back.

‘Ow!’ he moaned.

‘Let them alone,’ she said, accentuating each word.

‘What’s it to you?’

‘Nothing; what’s it to you?’ she replied defensively.

‘I don’t owe you any explanations, you got that?’ muttered Luke without even bothering to look at her.

‘Selfish cynic.’

‘So what’s new?’ he grinned.

‘You can’t waste your life waiting for the impossible.’ There was too much honesty in her words. Luke turned to face her. 

‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ There was a hint of anxiety in his voice. 

‘I’m talking about Stella, your impossible platonic love.’ It was obvious from the sadness in her voice that she wasn’t just talking about Stella. There was more; much more. Beth was scared that what she had with Luke was real. She was scared that everything would vanish into thin air, especially when she saw the way he looked at her friend. She’d never be able to fight that.

‘You taken your dumb pills yet?’ scoffed Luke looking away; Beth’s sheer honesty was making him feel awkward. ‘You’re talking even more nonsense than usual.’

‘Go ahead, run away like you always do,’ countered Beth, standing up to him.

He shifted uneasily but didn’t bother answering. He ran his hand through his red hair, smoothing back the odd stray lock that had fallen over his face. He was trying to pretend that Beth’s little speech didn’t matter to him, but it wasn’t working. Stupid feelings. What could he do if he couldn’t get Stella out of his head? Beth was attractive, bright even; she had a quick, sharp tongue which had surprised him, of that there was no doubt. More than that, there was something about her that made him feel strangely uneasy; but even so, he just couldn’t get Stella off his mind.

He was convinced that the distance he’d put between them when he’d left before had been productive. At least he’d tried time and time again to tell himself that Stella was just a fad, that he wasn’t crazy about her. But it had only taken a second, just one little hug, for his carefully constructed theories to come tumbling down like a house of cards. He’d put off seeing her again for as long as he could, but not forever as he should have. At last, after months of lying dormant, his heart had started beating again but it was causing him more anxiety than relief. The visceral jealousy he felt towards his brother was beginning to gnaw at him again.

He even thought his luck had changed when Carl turned up. But it hadn’t. It seemed to have brought the two of them closer together, while he was pushed out, away from his only love. Away from the only reason he had for living his miserable life. Away from Stella.

He was disturbed by a voice from the seat next to him.

‘… give up until you tell me,’ he heard her say.

‘You’re still alive, then?’ he sneered, squeezing the bridge of his nose, annoyed at the interruption.

‘Actually I’m your conscience speaking, your own private Jiminy Cricket; hard as you try, you’ll never get me out of your head.’

‘You’re not in my head and I obviously don’t have a conscience,’ he snapped, standing up and heading towards the café.

‘Great, you handled that well,’ she said to herself angrily. She never knew how to take Luke. He was pretty slippery most of the time, but there were moments like that kiss the other day… Just thinking about it made her heart race. What the hell was wrong with him? She knew he was difficult, but then she was no pushover either. She’d given him a chance and he’d turned her down. She looked over at the café, hoping to get a glimpse of the red-haired wretch, but the only person she saw was an old man with a few yellowed teeth staring back at her with a lecherous wink. She almost threw up everything she’d ever eaten in her whole life. She put on her earphones to cut herself off from the world and lost herself in her favourite rock group.

Little did she know that Luke was secretly watching her, admiring her soft profile framed by hair as black as the night itself. She was definitely having an effect on him. He looked over at the front row, imagining the moment of bliss when the Prince embraces the Princess. Seeing that display of love only served to bottle his feelings up even more. Too painful to watch, even for him. He looked back again. Beth was bobbing her head energetically, her hair dancing hypnotically, falling away to reveal her lovely face, attracting his attention again. Since Beth had come into his life, he’d found the situation with Stella easier to handle. Was it so wrong to enjoy the temporary truce that had settled over them?

After all it wasn’t doing anybody any harm. Beth seemed delighted and Stella didn’t appear to care about what he did. Only he was suffering. Maybe it was true what some humans said; “One devil drives out another.” He’d never even considered that possibility before, but maybe Beth was the solution to his problems, at least in the short-term. An involuntary smile spread across his face when he saw how the other passengers were looking at his nutty companion. He loved her spontaneity, but the thought of getting carried away on waves of emotion terrified him; although right then the only thing he could see was the swaying of her hair as it moved to the music.

An uncontrollable impulse propelled him towards her and in an instant he was kneeling beside Beth, and without giving her time to react he took her face in his hands and kissed those succulent lips that he’d been watching mouthing the words to some song or other.

Beth jumped in her seat. She hadn’t seen him coming, and didn’t have the slightest suspicion that he was going to kiss her. Not kiss her: almost flatten her. He was strength and intensity, she was unbridled passion. She knew she’d regret getting so carried away at some point in the future, but for the moment the only thing that made sense were those warm lips that right then felt like they belonged to her.

Luke pulled away but was still holding her, melting into her gaze. Beth was dumbstruck. But not so much that she couldn’t react.

‘What was all that about? Why kiss me now?! What are you…?’ He placed a hand over her mouth. Her questions would go unanswered for now.

‘Shut up or I’ll have to kiss you again,’ he breathed, looking at her lips as if he wanted to devour them.

His eyes made Beth’s insides turn somersaults, but she wasn’t going to give up.

‘I need to know…’ The sentence went unfinished as Luke covered her lips with his, turning her words into sighs.

A deafening whistle put an end to the dream. Beth felt dizzy, intoxicated. She wasn’t sure if there was a solid floor beneath her feet. She was floating, on cloud nine. She was happy and it was beginning to scare her.

‘We’ve arrived,’ said Luke, getting to his feet gracefully and offering her a hand to help her up. 

She looked at him, at how beautiful he was; the recent memory of his kisses sent her into a kind of ecstasy. Words were unnecessary and it appeared that he had no intention of explaining his sudden outburst of passion either. “At least no-one can take that away from me,” she thought, enjoying the pleasant sensation of having heaven in the palm of her hand.

Luke’s head, in contrast, was a mess. He loved Stella, at least he thought he did, but now something had changed; or maybe it had started to change when he met Beth? His mind was buzzing with theories. He had no idea how to handle this new situation. Ok, he’d been the one who’d caused this latest twist, but lately he was finding it impossible to control his feelings. He wasn’t ready for anything serious with her, or with anyone. He needed to straighten himself out first. He could have kicked himself for being so impulsive and not putting the brakes on before doing something he might regret later. 

He let go of Beth’s hand once she was on her feet and, without thinking twice, left her standing there slack-jawed and shot off the boat like a bat out of hell.





































The cabin



“The past is not dead; and both tomorrow and yesterday are unwritten.”

Antonio Machado



We got to the cabin just before sundown. We’d hired a small launch to get from the main island, where the ferry had dropped us off, to the tiny islet where Jeff and Angie lived alone. 

Tenuous rays of light shone through the dense treetops as we went along the winding road towards our destination. The effects of tiredness and the pressure we’d been under were beginning to show. Luckily, I’d been able to catch a little sleep during the journey and I’d woken up in my angel’s arms. He hadn’t mentioned our argument again and I certainly wasn’t going to, although there was something about him that didn’t add up. We spent almost the whole journey in silence. When we got off the boat, he simply pressed his lips against my forehead without a word, but without the slightest trace of anger, then went off in search of his brother, who’d run off like a scalded cat.

We picked up the car that Jeff had parked there before leaving. I looked at Beth in the rear view mirror. She was another one. She was smiling at me, but her one-word answers to all my questions when she usually loved to go into great detail about everything, made me wonder. This was nuts. I’d just nodded off for a while on the boat and when I woke up the world was upside down.

The cabin appeared in front of us, small but sturdy, just as I remembered it, with its shabby, unpolished wood and stone walls. Luke jumped out of the car before Erik had turned off the engine and without waiting for us. I saw him take something out of his jacket pocket and he disappeared out of sight into the cabin. 

Beth slid out of the car as if she didn’t really want to get out at all. I went over to her and Erik walked into the cabin after his brother, at the same time giving us a little privacy. 

‘Don’t worry, it’s amazing inside,’ I said, trying to reassure her, thinking that the look on her face was because of the rickety-looking cabin. Knowing her, she’d probably been expecting a colonial mansion or some such. 

‘I’m not worried about this ridiculous little hovel,’ she grunted, aiming a kick at a small stone which unfortunately for her was sunk into the ground. ‘Shit! Shit, shit!’ she yelled, hopping around with her foot curled up in pain.

I smiled at her fit of bad temper.

‘What’s wrong now?’ I asked dismissively.

‘What isn’t wrong you mean! I hate this forest, I hate this island, and I hate that squirrel over there,’ she groused, pointing at a nearby tree where the innocent little animal was running around obliviously. 

I put my arm around her shoulders and pulled her close; I was doing my best not to laugh.

‘Come on, don’t be like that. It’s not the poor squirrel’s fault that Luke is a numbskull.’

‘Why should it be about Luke? Aren’t there more pressing problems in the world that have nothing to do with that arrogant, hateful, petulant child?’ she snapped. ‘What about world hunger? Or climate change? Aren’t they more important than that moron’s personality disorders?!’ She was panting and sparks were flying from her eyes.

Calming her down wasn’t going to be easy. I decided to play it down by kidding a little.

‘I didn’t realize that the ice caps melting worried you so much.’

‘Don’t be ridiculous, who’s talking about lumps of ice? I’m talking about him,’ she said, pointing at Luke as he came out of the cabin and went towards the car.

‘That’s what I meant,’ I said pointedly, hoping that Beth would stop contradicting herself and tell me what was going on instead of beating around the bush.

‘Ok, cut it out, I’ll tell you,’ she pouted like a little girl.

I rolled my eyes but she didn’t notice. What could you do – it was Beth.

‘Let’s take a walk: it’ll do you good.’

We walked along a narrow track near the cabin. I didn’t want to stray too far, especially when night began to fall. Sundown had taken us by surprise and the last remaining shafts of sunlight just about reached the ground.

‘Come on then, out with it,’ I said, standing next to a fallen tree trunk. We both sat down to rest.

‘I’ve fallen in love with Luke.’

‘Wow…’

‘I know, isn’t it amazing? Well I have, and much though it pains me to say it, I think he’s still in love with you. Do you understand my problem now?’

‘I understand that you’re getting carried away by your sick imagination,’ I answered, trying to look calmer than I felt.

‘It’s not my imagination. You can’t see it because you’re besotted with Erik, but the way Luke looks at you…’

‘That’s enough, it’s all nonsense,’ I said to shut her up.

‘I don’t know, it’s the feeling I get, but then when he kisses me, everything changes. It’s like the world around us has stopped; stopped existing, even. I feel like he belongs to me and to nobody else.’

I couldn’t explain the stab of anxiety I was feeling in my stomach. It might have been the fact that Beth was in love with Luke, or that they’d kissed. I took a deep breath, swallowing my stupid jealousy or whatever it was, so I could try to give my friend advice with the coolest head possible. I didn’t know if it would be the right advice, but you had to go head-on with Luke otherwise he’d end up driving you crazy. So that’s what I told her.

‘So tell him what you just told me.’

‘Have you lost your mind? We’re talking about “Mr Cynical I Laugh at Everything Luke” here,’ she replied, swinging her legs around and facing me with a pleading look on her face.

‘Oh no, not that, no way.’ I didn’t give her a chance to ask what I knew she was going to ask.

‘Please Stella, please talk to him,’ she begged, palms clasped together in front of her. That one gesture confirmed my worst fears.

‘No. Absolutely not,’ I repeated.

‘The one time I ask you for help and this is how you get?’ she snorted.

‘Beth, don’t. You know I’d do anything for you, but not that.’

‘Ok, I’ll talk to Erik, he’ll be more than happy to help me with Luke and get him away from you at the same time.’ She had a triumphant look on her face, knowing that she’d found my Achilles heel.

‘You’re a witch; keep Erik out of this,’ I muttered, mussing up her hair because I knew she hated it. ‘I’ll see what I can do.’

‘Thank you, thank you, thank you!’ she cried, springing up and hopping around me. 

‘I didn’t say I was going to talk to him,’ I said just in case she got me wrong. 

‘I know, I know; but you’ll think of something to make me the second Mrs Wallace!’ She took my hand and made me dance around with her. She had got me wrong. ‘We’ll be sisters-in-law!’

‘You’re sick in the head,’ I smiled as we danced; I hadn’t noticed that night had fallen silently around us and we were still in the middle of the forest with no more protection or company than the cooing of the occasional bird of prey.

The snap of a twig breaking heightened my senses. What was it – an animal? Erik or Luke looking for us? I focused on the silence of the night and was alarmed to hear noises coming closer and closer.

‘What was that?’ asked Beth nervously. So I wasn’t the only one who’d heard it. It seemed like someone – or something – was coming towards us very quickly. 

‘I don’t know, let’s get out of here,’ I breathed, grabbing her by the wrist and pulling her with me.

Memories of the previous year came flooding back and fear gripped my insides.

‘Beth, run!’

We ran with no idea of where we were going into the dense blackness of the wood, the terrifying sounds behind us telling us that we were being followed. I ran faster, stumbling over roots and stones. I was doing real damage to my feet and my ankles, but the pain didn’t seem to matter. I just wanted to get out of there and get back to the cabin. Beth was gasping behind me, keeping up with me, her fear driving her on. Suddenly I crashed into something solid. I reeled back from the impact, the bridge of my nose hurting badly. For a moment I thought I’d run into a tree but then a strong pair of hands grasped me round the waist and stopped me falling. 

‘That’s enough of playing cat and mouse,’ said our mysterious pursuer.

I didn’t recognize his voice. Beth grabbed my arm in terror, sinking her nails into my skin.

‘Who are you? What do you want?’ I gasped in fear and exhaustion.

‘You,’ he replied with a bloodcurdling laugh. ‘Let’s go girls, you’d better come with me. Your little friends will be getting worried.’

The blood pounded in my ears as the shadowy stranger dragged us through the leafy darkness.

‘I’m scared to death,’ whispered Beth.

‘Me too,’ I replied, stating the obvious as I couldn’t think of anything reassuring to say.

A frantic, destructive panic had taken hold of me and numbed both my mind and my body.

Unexpectedly our captor led us back to the wood and stone cabin. He opened the door confidently; the scene inside was heartbreaking.

Erik and Luke were tied to two chairs, guarded by two attractive men with emotionless faces.

I glanced at the man who’d been holding my arm but didn’t recognize him. He pushed us both inside roughly, making Beth trip over the rug and sending her crashing to the floor. 

‘Goddamn pig! Keep your hands off her!’ roared Erik, struggling in his seat and earning himself a punch in the stomach from one of the heavies. Erik twisted in pain.

‘Where’s your respect for authority? Have you forgotten your principles so soon, Captain?’ sneered the stranger who’d caught us in the forest. He seemed to be the kidnappers’ ringleader.

‘Stella and company,’ he said, turning to us, ‘it’s up to you. You can be good girls, cooperate with me and sit down nice and easy on the sofa; or I can tie you to a chair like these two. What do you say?’ A treacherous grin spread across his handsome face.

‘Go to hell!’ I hissed, plucking up courage from I didn’t know where to stand up to him.

‘Very well, don’t say I didn’t warn you,’ he said, then turned to one of his thugs. ‘Zayn, tie them up,’ he barked.

Before I knew it we were sitting back-to-back with Erik and Luke, arms and legs tied down. I felt a shocking pain in my arms and legs. 

‘Now that we’re all here, I think you deserve an explanation,’ smiled our abductor.

His attractive bearing and refined gestures said that he was no mere thug. For a moment my father loomed large in my mind. Was this what he’d been trying to avoid? I was sure that they were all Kaelians, given their perfect physiques and attractive faces; that’s what was worrying me.

‘I’ll start by introducing myself; although some of you know me already, isn’t that right Luke?’

I turned to look at him, wide-eyed. He held my gaze for a few moments. 

‘Before I met you, I didn’t know slugs could talk; I just thought they crawled around leaving a trail of slime behind them. I see in your case it’s both,’ said Luke with a smirk.

‘Very funny; no, really! And I have to admit that you drive pretty well; this morning you almost managed to lose me on the road,’ chuckled the stranger. Suddenly his face changed and darkened. ‘Gag him,’ he ordered.

The nearest Kaelian stuffed a handkerchief into Luke’s mouth, cramming it between his teeth.

‘Right, now we’ve heard the Joke of the Day, let’s get down to business.’ He turned to me, fixing me with his clear blue, almost transparent eyes. A shiver ran down my spine under his feline gaze. ‘I’m Markus, very pleased to meet you,’ he said, offering his hand. ‘Oh, forgive me, I’d forgotten that we had to tie you up,’ he added, feigning regret. ‘Believe me when I say that I’ve really been looking forward to meeting you. Little Stella; you have no idea how much your father has told me about you.’ Fear stabbed at my heart on hearing that. Did my father know this guy? ‘Although I have to say that he neglected to mention a few details, for example that you are the result of his… union… with a human. He’d always told me that your mother was already pregnant when he met her and you know what? I almost believed him. Your father was very good at telling lies; he was a past master at deception and manipulation.’

‘Don’t talk about him as if he was dead,’ I lashed out, instantly regretting it. I’d said too much, and the blood was boiling in my cheeks.

‘Well isn’t he?’ he asked, arching his eyebrow. I didn’t answer, bowing my head under his fierce gaze. ‘Very well, let’s say that hypothetically your father died, right?’ I nodded my head but said nothing. ‘And as a result your mother was devastated, wasn’t she?’ I nodded again, this time meeting his gaze out of fear and anxiety.

How did he know so much about my family? Markus… The name rang around my mind and brought back distant memories.

‘In her ignorance, your mother entrusted me, her husband’s best friend or so she thought, with a very special task. To publish your “late” father’s book.’ He spoke with supreme confidence, looking straight at me, scanning my face for the least reaction. ‘I admit I had a lot of trouble convincing her to dust off Carl’s old notes and jottings and then send them to me so I could publish the so-called book. You can’t imagine my satisfaction when I had all my suspicions confirmed. Your father had always been very thorough in his research, and this was no exception. His reports went beyond what I’d hoped for.’

‘But the book my father wrote, the book my mother showed me, was just a novel, nothing more than fiction,’ I muttered impotently.

Oh Stella, you have so much to learn. Did you understand anything in the book?’

‘No, it was written in German.’

‘German,’ he repeated with a condescending smile, shaking his head; ‘it wasn’t German, it was Kaelian. It’s similar to German in some ways, but I can assure you that no German would understand it.’

‘Are you saying that you planned everything just to get your hands on my father’s notes?’ I asked, my mind reeling. Finding this out had knocked me sideways.

‘Yes. Sublime, isn’t it?’ he replied smugly. ‘I’ve always been a good strategist.’

‘So is this little speech part of your pathetic strategy too?’ scoffed Erik, taking me by surprise. Up to now he’d seemed to be missing in action, but now it looked like the MIA was me. Well, me and Beth; by the look on her face she didn’t have a clue what was going on. ‘Just tell us what you want.’

‘I think we’ll have to gag somebody else otherwise we won’t be able to chat nicely,’ said Markus, making a quick gesture to the man standing beside Erik. But he was looking straight at me.

‘Alien scum,’ growled Beth, attracting Markus’s attention.

‘Well, well; we have a brave human among us! Let me give you a piece of advice. Shut up,’ he threatened.

‘You might as well gag me like the others; I don’t shut up for anybody, you porcelain muppet,’ spat Beth. I was astonished. Had she gone crazy? Didn’t she realize the situation we were in?

‘Make no mistake; I have no reason to be nice to you. I have absolutely no use for you at all,’ said Markus, walking over to her menacingly.

Beth’s arms were lying along the arm-rests of her chair. Markus placed a hand on one and suddenly leaned on it with all his weight.

There was a bloodcurdling crack, then Beth’s desperate scream. I started kicking out, trying to reach the Kaelian’s legs, overcome by rage and fear.

‘Leave her alone! Let her be!’ I yelled, my cries mixing with Beth’s screams.

Markus turned to me with a self-satisfied look on his face. He was very secure in the knowledge that he had power over us; power which he obviously wouldn’t hesitate to use.

Just then something unexpected happened.

Everything went blurred. I was showered with glass as the window smashed; someone jumped over my head and thudded into Markus, knocking him to the floor. I tried instinctively to move my hands to protect my face, but felt the pull of the ropes that had me tied to the chair. I narrowed my eyes to see what was happening. Carl had Markus pinned down like a rabid animal, his furious eyes plunging like knives into the surprised Kaelian’s. He seemed to have him at his mercy. Markus’s face changed, dissolving into a tortured grimace under my father’s penetrating gaze.

I turned my head, wondering where the other kidnappers were; I saw Jeff and Angie holding one of them from behind, while Luke and Erik were holding the other. How had the twins managed to untie themselves? I looked round at Beth. She looked as stunned as I was, maybe more, but her face was twisted in pain so I couldn’t really guess what was going through her head right then. Probably the same as me: a terrifying fantasy.

I turned back to my father just as Markus head-butted him ferociously, breaking his nose.

‘No!’ I screamed, desperate that I couldn’t help him.

My father recoiled in pain, freeing Markus from the power of his gaze; Markus took his chance to show a clean pair of heels and leapt through the same window that Carl had broken jumping in. My father ran to the window, but he’d disappeared into the night and we couldn’t do anything about it. I looked around nervously for Erik and saw him and Luke struggling with one Kaelian, and Jeff and Angie with the other. My father’s disfigured, bloodied face appeared in front of me as he untied me. I hugged him close, my tears mixing with his blood.

‘It’s OK honey, it’s all over,’ he whispered, stroking my hair tenderly.

Through the tears I could see Luke untying Beth’s bruised arms with great care; she was almost unconscious from the pain. Erik was standing, holding one of the kidnappers and looking at me with an uncertain look on his face.

‘Don’t cry sweetheart, it’s all over,’ breathed my father softly.

His words soothed my heart. Markus had escaped, but now the tables had turned. He’d lost the element of surprise. We knew what he was up to.

Erik and Luke had just about finished tying Markus’s accomplices to the same chairs where, ironically, they’d been held prisoner. Jeff was talking to Carl, who was looking a lot better now he’d cleaned the blood off his face, although his clothes were still spattered with a brownish maroon color. They were deep in conversation in one corner of the living room; Angie went into the little kitchen with Beth and me to make some tea.

We sat around the small round table and my eyes were drawn to Beth’s arm. It was between splints and bandaged up, the best that could be done for now until she went to a hospital for X-Rays to see the extent of her injuries. Luckily Jeff had given her a couple of painkillers and something to bring down the inflammation, so Beth had got some color back in her cheeks and seemed much calmer.

‘This is like bungee-jumping,’ she said suddenly, deep in thought.

‘Don’t talk nonsense. You’ve never even been bungee-jumping,’ I replied, fearing for her sanity after all that had happened.

‘No, I know; but I’m sure it’d be the same feeling. Is it always the same with them?’

‘Who are you talking about?’

‘Danger, getaways, midnight kidnappings, unexpected rescues…’ She’d just about summed up the previous day.

‘Sometimes,’ I admitted, remembering the previous year’s ordeals.

‘Wow!’ she cried gleefully.

‘You’re out of your mind,’ I half-smiled, amused by her excitement.

‘What can I do? Taking risks turns me on,’ she winked.

‘We’ll have to make the most of that, then,’ said Luke, wrapping his arms around her and turning her to him so he could kiss her passionately.

I felt uncomfortable watching that little display. Luckily Erik appeared as if by magic and took my mind off the other two by planting a delicate kiss on my neck, making my skin tingle. 

‘Your father wants to talk to us,’ he whispered, the kissed me again. 

‘Ok, let’s go then,’ I croaked, still recovering from the feel of his lips on my skin.

‘Is it compulsory attendance?’ asked Luke, without looking at us.

‘I think we can do without you this time,’ smiled Erik.

‘No! Are you insane? I want to hear what he’s got to say; we’re going too.’ She got to her feet, leaving no room for discussion. 

‘Women,’ muttered Luke, earning himself a dig in the ribs from Beth. ‘Hey, that hurt!’ he groaned. 

‘Imagine if I did that a little lower down,’ she grinned.

‘That place is sacred; you’re not going to get at it so easily.’

‘Show-off,’ smiled Erik, taking my hand and going into the living room with Luke and Beth in tow.

My father’s face dropped when we walked in through the living room door hand in hand. Luke and Beth looked like they were glued together. 

We sat on the sofa while Carl and Jeff sat opposite looking unnaturally tense and rigid. There was no doubt that the conversation we were about to have would be, at the very least, uncomfortable. Angie appeared beside us and sat calmly on the arm of the sofa. She was the only one who looked as if she had nothing to do with this mess.

‘Well, now you know what we’re up against,’ began Carl, fixing his gaze on me as if I’d been completely unaware of what had been going on up to then.

I took the chance to clear up something that had been gnawing at my insides since I’d spoken to Markus.

‘Dad, what did you write in the book?’ Carl looked at me in surprise. 

‘What book? Stella, what are you talking about now?’ he asked, irritated by my - from his point of view, senseless – interruption.

I decided it was best to tell him everything and ask questions about it later.

‘Last year, Mom sent Markus some notes of yours which she said were from a book you’d written but didn’t want published; according to Markus, those notes were about me. That’s the book I’m talking about.’

‘Your mother did what?!’ His jaw was trembling with impotence.

‘Mom didn’t mean anything bad by it,’ I said, trying to justify Nicole’s actions; ‘apparently you told her it was a science fiction story and, as always, she believed you. It was a romantic gesture. She wanted to have what was supposedly your book all nicely edited and bound; and, I might add, it was your friend Markus who suggested it all.’ I paused for a second to take in the look of desperation on my father’s face. ‘She sent the notes to him since she thought it was written in German, and as friend Markus lived in Germany…’

‘It wasn’t German, it was Kaelian!’ he interrupted, looking disconsolate.

I gripped Erik’s hand tighter, digging my nails in.

‘I know. Markus told me. It looks like that’s why they kidnapped us. They were looking for me because of what they’d read in those notes.’

‘My God, this is terrible!’

He turned away, pacing up and down anxiously and running his hand through his short hair over and over. Jeff crouched down in front of me. I had the impression that he was slightly calmer than my father.

‘Stella, is there a chance that you heard Markus wrong?’

I was about to answer when Beth jumped in, cutting me off.

‘I saw it too. He brought it with him. He showed it to Stella, then he put it back in his inside jacket pocket. 

‘Did you two see it as well?’ Jeff asked my boyfriend and his brother. 

I didn’t understand why he needed confirmation from everyone: wasn’t my word good enough?

‘We had our backs to them. We heard what he said to Stella said about the book but we couldn’t see it,’ answered Erik, bowing his head. Luke just nodded his agreement.

‘In that case we’ll have to find other sources of information,’ said Jeff, standing up. ‘Angie, I think it’s time we had a chat with our guests,’ he added, pointing at the next room where the two Kaelians were tied up. 

I looked nervously at my father. Somehow I felt guilty about how upset he was.

‘Jeff!’ called Erik, letting go of my hand and standing up; ‘Do you mind if I help you interrogate them?’

‘Of course not. Come on, let’s see what these two have to say for themselves.’ Jeff waved a hand, inviting Erik to go in with them.

I watched my boyfriend walk away, his graceful movements reminding me of the angel I’d fallen in love with.

Luke jumped up from the sofa; he wasn’t going to miss the party.

‘Be good while I’m gone,’ he winked at Beth.

‘I’m not promising anything,’ she replied, arching an eyebrow.

Luke walked away chuckling. I was surprised at the change in him. He seemed less bitter, almost happy. I looked away from his attractive figure and looked at my father. He’d finally stopped pacing and was standing against the wall, lost in thought, a vacant look in his eyes.

I got up slowly and went over to him hesitantly, wringing my hands.

‘Dad,’ I murmured. I felt the word stick in my throat. ‘If those notes were so important, why did you leave them at home when you disappeared? Why didn’t you take them with you?’ I asked uncertainly, afraid of what he might answer. 

‘Because I didn’t have time. I didn’t disappear because I wanted to. I didn’t want to abandon you; I had no intention of vanishing, at least not like that.’ He looked crestfallen and sorrowful. ‘I was pushed into it when they tried to kill me.’

‘What do you mean?’

‘The accident wasn’t faked. The brakes on the car didn’t work that night. I almost died for real.’ He shook his head, trying to rid his mind of some painful memory or other. ‘That’s why I disappeared that night, that’s why I left all those clues behind that I’d really died. I knew that they’d found me and were coming after me. So I did what was expected of me and gave myself up to the Kaelian authorities on Earth, pretending that you were of no importance to me or to the cause. That way I could keep you safe.’

It all made sense now. My father’s lies, his staged death. All my questions began to have answers. There was only one more thing I needed to know.

‘So what did you write in those notes?’

‘Your future,’ he said enigmatically, his eyes fixed on the stone floor.

‘I don’t understand. My future?’

‘Yes child, those notes contained all my theories about how you might evolve and what you might become in the future.’

‘But I’ve already grown up, I don’t think I can change much more,’ I said in my ignorance.

‘I wouldn’t be so sure.’

All this mystery was beginning to worry me. I longed with every fiber of my being for him to tell me once and for all what the problem was, but I didn’t want to put more pressure on him. I’d probably find out more by letting him tell me at his own pace. 

‘Can you explain it a bit better?’ There was a hint of hysteria in my voice.

‘Have you been suffering from migraines, dizzy spells or blackouts lately?’

I went white. I’d been suffering from all three for about a year. I couldn’t utter a word, so I just nodded. My father lifted his head remorsefully and looked at me, sinking back into apathy.

‘It’s already started,’ he said dejectedly. My pulse stopped.

‘What’s started?’ said Beth behind me. ‘What have you done?’ She could see I was beginning to panic.

‘We’d better leave this conversation till later,’ he replied, walking away towards the little bedroom where they were carrying out some kind of interrogation that I wanted no part of.

‘What were you two talking about?’

‘Nothing important,’ I replied evasively, trying to hide my accelerated breathing.

‘Really? Well if it wasn’t important, why have you got that blank stare on your face?’ she frowned.

‘Let me be, Beth; I need to be alone,’ I said, my voice quivering as I stumbled towards the front door.














Confusion



“When we don’t think about what we are saying is when we say what we are thinking.”

Jacinto Benavente




It was around midnight when Beth came back from the small Health Center on the next island, accompanied by Carl. In the end it wasn’t as serious as we’d thought at first. What had looked like a definite fracture turned out to be some small bone fissures. In spite of Beth’s protests, they’d given her a plaster cast and the doctor had suggested she take it easy for a while.

Luke came out of the room where they were interrogating the Kaelians when Carl went in to see how things were going. He looked for Beth in the adjoining bedrooms, then in the rest of the house. The living room was dimly lit by a single small lamp. He peered across the room and saw her jet black hair tumbling carelessly over the edge of the cushions. He crept over to her without making a sound: the last thing he wanted was to wake her. Beth turned over in her sleep, her profile lit by the yellowy light of the lamp. Luke placed his fingers gently on her forehead and smoothed away a few stray locks of hair, brushing against her velvety skin. Beth moved again and his hand was left hanging in mid-air. 

What on earth was he doing? He closed his hand into a fist and got up from the sofa. 

His heart was a hornet’s nest and his head was full of merciless accusations. Was it possible to be in love with two people at the same time? Why did he have a knot in his stomach when he touched Beth’s skin, but his heart still raced every time he saw Stella? He crossed the room, opened the front door and went out into the cold, looking for some relief from his torture in the freezing night.

‘Hi.’

He jumped when he heard Stella’s voice.

‘What are you doing out here?’ he asked defensively.

‘I could ask you the same.’



I squinted, trying to see Luke’s face in the shadow of the night. The moon, high in the star-studded sky, shone brightly. Luke gave a snort but didn’t say anything. By the look of things, I wasn’t the only one with problems. A shiver ran through me. I wrapped my arms around myself to get warm. I’d been outside for a while, trying to clear my head, and I could feel the humidity seeping into my bones. 

‘Problems with the “prisoners”?’ I asked, trying to ease the atmosphere.

‘There are always problems with us Kaelians around.’ His evasiveness and his bad mood aroused my curiosity. 

It was odd, but his caginess was making me forget about my own personal chaos.

‘So what is it then: problems with the significant other?’ I joked, not knowing that I was stepping on his corns.

‘What do you know about my problems? All that matters to you is my brother, so you can stop pretending to care about me,’ he snarled.

I felt like someone had squirted lemon juice in my eyes. Why attack me like that when I was only trying to help?

‘I’m sorry you feel that way about me, but if you carry on like that, I’ll run out of sympathy pretty damn quick.’

We were leaning against the outside wall of the house, either side of the living room window. I couldn’t see Luke’s face, but I could imagine his eyes squeezed shut and his hands rolled into fists. At least that’s how he sounded.

‘I don’t know how you can be so cynical,’ he said suddenly, turning me as cold as the stone at my back. 

‘Me, cynical?! Have you heard yourself?’ I objected, raising my voice.

What had started off as a nice relaxed conversation was turning into a pointless argument.

‘No, I didn’t hear myself because you won’t stop yelling at me,’ he said, his face hidden in the shadows.

‘I swear I don’t understand you. What do you want from me? Why do you torment me like this?’

‘Don’t make me laugh,’ he scoffed. ‘Stop playing the victim.’

This had to stop once and for all. The tension between me and Luke was going on far too long. I didn’t want it to go on any longer. I had enough problems without adding this one to the list. I went over to him, standing right in front of him to get him to look at me. 

‘Let’s clear this up once and for all. Why are you always so rude to me, Luke?’

‘Because you’re the only one I want but can never have,’ he said, lifting his head and looking at me with fire in his eyes. 

The cabin door opened just as Luke was finishing his sentence. Erik appeared in the doorway with a tense, dark look on his face. It didn’t bode well. He stood stock still on the threshold but didn’t come out. He’d been close enough to hear the end of our conversation, of that I was sure. An awkward silence fell between us. Erik’s silence was because of what he’d just heard. Luke’s was because he’d spoken without thinking. And mine was because I didn’t know what to say. I felt my heartbeat thumping in my throat like a furious drum, waiting for him to say something. He slammed the door shut, making the walls shake; his answer was quite clear and there was no need to say anything more.

Our eyes met for just a few seconds, enough time for my cheeks to redden. It was like looking into a troubled sea.

I looked at the door but didn’t know how to react. My face was burning from the anger I’d felt before and the embarrassment I was feeling now. I walked to the door without saying a word to Luke. I’d heard quite enough for one day.

Luke cursed his luck again and again. How could he have been so stupid? He’d spent months trying to keep his feelings for Stella under lock and key and now, at the worst possible moment, they’d surfaced again. He thought of Beth, unaware of this little drama, sleeping peacefully on the sofa. His heart shrank. He felt something like regret deep down inside, but he refused to let it take hold. What was done was done; and anyway, his words had fallen on deaf ears. Stella had left him standing there and had run after his idiot of a brother.

How different they were, despite being twins. Erik would do anything for Stella, anything to make her happy, even if it meant sacrificing himself. He’d made that very clear during the conversation with Carl. That was the difference. Luke wasn’t prepared to play fair. He wanted Stella for himself. But there was a problem; Stella wasn’t the only one in his cold heart any more. Beth was there too, accusing him involuntarily. Luke’s stomach churned. He shook his head, trying to get rid of those disturbing thoughts which would no doubt lead him down the wrong road. “Better off just forgetting about her once and for all,” he said to himself, opening the cabin door.

The silence in the room made Erik feel more anxious than relieved. The same old story. He couldn’t stand seeing Stella in his brother’s mind. He couldn’t stand his sarcastic remarks. Didn’t she realize what Luke was like? It was obvious that they were only twins in the physical sense; as far as personality went, they couldn’t be more different. But what about Stella? Did she have her feelings straight? He couldn’t be there all the time to show her the differences. Would their love survive the test that was coming?



‘Erik, can I come in?’ I asked warily.

‘Sure.’

I looked at him from the doorway, still holding the handle. His voice sounded tormented. What Luke had said must have affected him more than I’d imagined.

‘I’m sorry about what happened out there,’ I murmured, getting straight to the point.

‘Don’t worry; I’m used to being stabbed in the back by my brother,’ he lied. A hint of a smile played on his lips. ‘Besides, I don’t care what he thinks. The only thing that matters to me is what you think, how you feel. Nothing else.’ His anxiety showed in his cloudy, sky-blue eyes; however much he tried to disguise it with smiles, they weren’t shining with their usual brilliance. 

I ran to him in a trice, throwing my arms around his neck and burying my head against his chest. Erik responded, grabbing me around the waist and lifting me off the floor until my face was level with his, then he kissed me tenderly and passionately. I hugged him closer; our bodies melted together in a desperate embrace and our mouths said without words what our hearts were begging to hear.

‘Don’t forget that I love you,’ he whispered, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.

‘I love you too,’ I answered.

‘I’ll always be by your side, always,’ he said, pulling away a little so that he could pour his sea-blue eyes into mine. 

Maybe Erik wasn’t aware of the sadness that lay behind his words, but I was. I realized that something wasn’t right, but the fear of finding out stopped me from asking. I just hugged him again to allay my fears.



Erik buried his face in her hair once again, breathing in the soft scent of sweet almonds and flowers. He tried to find the inner strength that seemed to be failing him now he had her in his arms. He couldn’t bear the weight of the decision that he was about to take. Carl had been very clear about it when he’d explained in great detail what was happening to Stella. Erik couldn’t believe it; the pain when he’d found out was such that, if they’d ripped his guts out and fed them to the dogs, he wouldn’t have noticed. He had no choice. She wasn’t aware of what was going on but she soon would be; and he wouldn’t be there to take care of her.



My father was still standing up. The same old scene yet again. Carl and Jeff had something to tell us and we were all together in the living room like eager students getting ready to listen to their professors. 

‘As you’ve seen for yourselves, Stella is in real danger.’ I knotted my fingers anxiously as my father began. ‘Our… guests have confirmed that Markus has my notes.’

‘I told you,’ I interrupted impatiently.

He wasn’t saying anything new and I had a mountain of questions to ask him.

‘I know, but I had to make sure: after all you don’t understand Kaelian and he might have been kidding you on. So if you don’t mind, no more interruptions; you need to listen very carefully to what I’m about to tell you.’ He was looking straight at me, telling me that I had to pay special attention.

I decided to shut up and listen. It seemed to be the only way to get results lately.

Carl took a deep breath while we waited expectantly. I glanced at Erik but couldn’t read the expression on his face. That scared me more than anything my father was about to say.

‘As you know, Stella is half-human and half-Kaelian. When she was born, I wasn’t sure what lay ahead for her; I didn’t even know what life expectancy she might have. In any case the years went by and Stella grew up like any normal child. During her childhood I took samples of her blood, of her DNA, to make sure that everything was going well. My studies were conclusive and I kept notes every day. Everything indicated that humans and Kaelians were perfectly compatible.’

I took Erik’s hand and squeezed it tightly. Up to now, my father had simply stated the facts. Now for the truth. Carl’s face looked tired and drawn in spite of his good looks. His broken nose from the fight with Markus only emphasized the look of desolation on his face.

‘But you were wrong,’ said Jeff, to my surprise. He’d hardly said a word since they’d come in. My father nodded. 

‘I know. I was wrong. Everything was normal until you became a teenager,’ he said, an overwhelming tenderness flooding his eyes.

I felt my legs go weak under the gaze of his chocolate-brown eyes. At moments like these I saw my father again; the one who’d been my guide and my strength throughout my life.

‘Your hormones threw your delicate body off balance. The human part of you began to rebel against the Kaelian part.’

‘How could you know that? When I was a child, you did a lot of tests on me, tests I don’t even remember; but later? I don’t remember you taking blood from me or anything like it. I’m sorry but I don’t understand.’ I was confused.

‘It’s complicated,’ he replied, looking away. ‘I took samples while you were sleeping and if by chance you woke up, I used my mental force to put you back to sleep.’

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. It sounded like a horror story for kids. Erik, Luke, Beth and the others were very quiet, listening to every word of my father’s story. The story of my life. The life that nobody knew about and had been kept from me all these years. My father’s solemn voice rang through the little living room again.

‘The question isn’t so much how I found out, rather what I found out. Your body was already divided in two then and recent events,’ he said, obviously referring to my relationship with Erik and its consequences, ‘have only succeeded in accelerating the process. Stella, now your Kaelian cells are fighting against your human ones, attacking them as if they were a cancer. Erik tells me that your headaches are getting worse and your blackouts more frequent. All this is proof of the internal struggle within your body; and that this last year things have got considerably worse.’

‘Don’t blame us: you started all this,’ protested Luke.

‘Her system wouldn’t have deteriorated so much if you hadn’t made your untimely appearance!’ growled Carl, his voice ringing round the cabin. ‘It would have been years before this happened. What do you think triggered it all? New feelings. Her Kaelian half was activated when her hormonal system was altered so drastically and that only managed to weaken her human cells.’

‘I’m not getting this at all,’ snorted Beth. ‘What are you saying: that Stella’s sick?’

‘Very sick; and we have to act fast because she’s reaching the end of the process and Markus knows it too,’ said Carl. The blood drained from my face.

‘And what is the end?’ I asked fearfully.

‘Death,’ said Jeff solemnly after a few seconds; my father’s jaw was trembling and he couldn’t bring himself to say the fateful word.

“Death.” The word echoed around my head like an explosion, paralyzing me, terrifying me, making me aware of the seriousness of the situation. 

Erik squeezed my hand. I was sure that Carl had already told him everything, and that’s why he’d been acting so cautious and careful. Beth stifled a scream by putting both hands over her mouth, taking in the terrible news that Jeff had given us.

‘So what’s the deal with that weirdo Markus: did he read what you wrote about Stella?’ asked Beth. I was still shocked into silence.

‘Markus needs Stella, but he needs her…’ My father clenched his jaw, unable to say the next word. 

‘Dead. He needs her dead,’ said Jeff, finishing my father’s sentence.

‘Or sick, like she is now. It’s the best time to experiment on her body and find its possible uses,’ said Erik sadly.

Voices flew all around me but I couldn’t make them out; there was only one word ringing round my mind. Death.

‘So find a cure for her!’ cried Beth indignantly. ‘We’re wasting time with all this useless chatter! There has to be something, some shock treatment, I don’t know, like chemotherapy or something.’ Beth said exactly what I was thinking.

‘There is a solution,’ said Erik calmly.

‘Is there?’ I murmured cautiously, relieved that I’d found my voice again.

‘Yes,’ said my father, with a new spark in his eyes.

‘So what is it?’ I asked hopefully.

‘It’s experimental, but it’s worth trying,’ explained Jeff, taking over the conversation. ‘I think it’s possible to reverse the process. We’d have to eliminate any trace of human information and replace it with Kaelian DNA. It’s a long, difficult process but it might work.’

‘Is that possible?’ I asked in amazement.

‘According to my research, your human DNA is independent of your Kaelian DNA,’ said my father, kneeling in front of me and taking my hands tenderly. ‘You see honey, your body has shared out its workload wisely. When we say eliminate your human DNA, we mean the organs which only have those kinds of cells. It would be like a series of transplants. 

‘And you know which organs they are?’ asked Luke, who up to then hadn’t joined in the conversation. 

‘I have a vague idea, but we’d have to take her to the research centre in Iceland. And for that we’d need the help of our two guests,’ he said, referring to the two Kaelians tied up at the other end of the house. ‘None of us renegades are allowed access. We have to go as soon as possible. We can only cure you there,’ said my father with determination in his eyes. 

Unlike me; I was getting more and more bewildered.

‘So what are we waiting for?’ asked Beth impatiently, crossing her legs. 

‘There’s a catch. Quite a big catch. This is the only way to save Stella, but the Kaelian who donates his organs won’t be so lucky,’ breathed my father as if he’d rather not have mentioned it.

‘What do you mean?’ I asked hesitantly. ‘Someone has to die so I can live?’

‘That’s one way of putting it, although it’s just possible that the donor will survive; we still don’t know which organs are affected, but it’s not very likely,’ said Jeff, the expression on his attractive face not changing at all.

‘Why not use one of those two you’re keeping prisoner?’ said Beth. I was surprised at her cold-bloodedness.

We were talking about somebody dying; human or otherwise, it was a person and I had no right to take anyone’s life.

‘Have you lost your mind?! I won’t allow anybody to murder anyone for my sake. We’ll find another solution,’ I replied, giving my unrecognizable friend a reproachful glare.

‘I’ll be your solution,’ said Erik, lifting his head to meet my eyes. His blue eyes were calm and transparent. I knew what he was going to say and I was dreading it. ‘I don’t want my life if I can’t share it with you, and what better way to be together than to be part of you. Literally. Look at it this way; nothing will ever be able to keep us apart.’

I couldn’t believe what he was saying. Had everyone gone mad? Where was Erik’s logic and reasoning now?

I managed to get into his mind for a fraction of a second. It wasn’t possible. This couldn’t be the only way. The image of Erik’s lifeless body on an operating table was so painful that my heart started screaming inside me.

I jumped to my feet, overwhelmed by what I’d heard and seen. I shot out of the front door with nothing more than a thin sweater as protection against the cold, accompanied only by the tears streaming down my pallid face. I heard my name being called, but my mind wasn’t obeying anyone or anything. I wasn’t the person I thought I’d known up to then. I had no identity, no present and no past, but I could decide my future. I had to run. Disappear. I wouldn’t let Erik sacrifice himself to save me. 

I ran in desperation, without thinking. I was trying not to feel, but it was useless. My heart twisted in pain at the decision I’d taken, and there was a huge hole way down inside me. My constant crying was half-blinding me. The forest seemed intent on swallowing me up into its deep darkness. I stumbled several times over branches and stones; the voices sounded further and further away, although I could hear footsteps close by. I lost all notion of time. My head began to ache and my senses were weakening. The voices were still there, calling for me to go back, but in vain. To me they were just distant whispers repeating my name over and over. For a moment, in those ghostly surroundings, I thought the voices belonged to elves and dwarves amusing themselves by playing hide and seek with me. Then, suddenly and unexpectedly, my eyesight went completely. I couldn’t see anything any more, not even the glint of moonlight filtering through the treetops. At that moment, I felt that my end was closer than I’d thought. 














Going backwards



“The words are full of falsity or art; the look is the language of the heart.”

William Shakespeare





The scene being played out in front of her was desperate, to say the very least. Erik had run off after Stella. Carl had run off after Erik and Stella. Jeff ordered Angie to watch the prisoners, then ran off after the others to help look for Stella. Luke was the only one who hadn’t moved.

He was sitting still, expectantly; he was looking at her with those eyes that said so many things to her and at the same time silenced so many more. She was beginning to feel uncomfortable. She looked down at her new sneakers. She played for time by examining each and every thread that made up her shoelaces, waiting for him to say something. He’d been stranger and more distant than usual since she’d woken up. When she’d come back from the Health Center, he’d been attentive and passionate towards her, but now he was a million miles away… It was as if she didn’t know him; as if they’d gone back to that bar where they’d met for the first time.

What had they lost? Beth decided to face the silence stoically while she thought of something to say. In her head, she was putting together a persuasive little speech to get him to react, but under that intense gaze she didn’t know where to start. She hadn’t felt that way very often, but it always happened when he was looking at her the way he was right then. His green eyes clouded her thinking completely and plunged her into a state of utter bewilderment.

Stella had told her about the Kaelians’ ability to control human minds through something like hypnosis. She felt the strength starting to leave her body and she leaned against the edge of the table to stop herself from falling. 

Luke immediately looked away.

‘Sorry, I didn’t realize what I was doing.’

Beth blinked a couple of times, regaining control. She pretended to be groggy for a few more seconds, enjoying his closeness as he helped her to sit back down on the sofa. 

‘Is that better? I didn’t mean to frighten you. I’m sorry.’ Luke seemed genuinely concerned.

‘You’re acting weird,’ answered Beth, glancing at him and frowning. ‘What are you after?’

‘And just what do you mean by that?’ replied Luke, looking confused.

‘Since when have you ever apologized for the effect you have on other people? It isn’t normal, there’s something wrong with you.’

‘There’s something wrong with you; I was just trying to be nice but if you prefer nasty, you only have to ask,’ he said, letting go of her waist and running his hands through his red hair. 

‘Don’t try to wriggle out of this. Luke, what’s wrong?’ She lifted her head to meet his gaze.

‘Nothing’s wrong! What do you want me to say?’ he said through gritted teeth, upset by what she was insinuating because in the end he knew she was right. ‘I’m starting to get tired of your pathetic deductions.’

‘Are you saying I’m pathetic for worrying about you?’ shouted Beth, on the verge of sounding hysterical.

‘No, I’m saying you’re whacko. Nuts. Crazy.’ He drew circles around the side of his head with his index finger. ‘I don’t know how I put up with you. You drive me up the wall.’

He jumped up and walked straight to the front door, snatching his jacket from the coat rack. 

‘Where are you going?’ cried Beth, running after him as he strode out the door.

‘Where do you think, Einstein?!’ he shouted, stopping in his tracks. They were face to face.

Too close, too upset, too alone.

With her stomach turning upside down and her heart about to burst, Beth couldn’t take her eyes off those lips that drove her crazy, even now, set in a defiant rictus. She thought about throwing herself at him and kissing him with wild abandon. But rage and pride stopped her even though she could see the same eagerness and passion in his sea-green eyes as she was feeling in her body.

Luke turned on his heels and strode towards a small garage. Beth followed him, slipping on the coat she’d grabbed from the rickety coat stand on her way out. It didn’t quite cover her injured arm.

‘Where are we going?’ she called out. 

‘”We”? “I”, you mean. There’s no way you’re coming with me.’ He didn’t even bother to look round.

‘We’ll see about that,’ said Beth, running up and tailgating him.

‘You’re detestable,’ snarled Luke as he dragged the covers off an old motorbike, then got on it.

‘I love you too, honey-pie,’ she smiled, jumping on the back of the two-wheeled clunker.

The bike picked up speed as they rode through the brush, kicking up a cloud of dust which almost choked Beth. She started to cough, trying in vain to get some air into her lungs. Luke accelerated; he had no intention of stopping. They rode on, and Beth tried to swallow saliva to get rid of the unpleasant feeling that she’d eaten a handful of dirt. It was totally impossible and her anxiety only grew. She hit him on the shoulder with her plaster cast, trying to make him notice her, until he gave in and slowed down when they reached a small clearing. Only then did he stop.

Beth clambered off, hacking and coughing. Luke sat on the old banger of a bike, one foot on the ground and the other on the pedal, ready to move off at a moment’s notice. 

‘Come on, enough play-acting already,’ he snorted when she finally stopped coughing.

‘Play-acting?!’ croaked Beth, placing a hand on her chest to get her shallow breathing back to normal. ‘This is all your fault! You’re riding like a maniac! We almost crashed twice and you’re kicking up so much dust it looks like a sandstorm!’

‘God, you’re such a whiner! “Luke, don’t go so fast!  Luke, I can’t breathe!”’ he scoffed, imitating her voice. 

What the hell was going on with him? She had the feeling that she was bothering him just by being there. Now she was sure: he was a psychopath. Worse still, he was an alien psychopath.

Luke shook his head wearily. He’d gone too far. He looked at her and felt a slight trembling in his shoulders. Remorse, an emotion he didn’t usually feel, began to seep into him and he got off the bike and went over to the terrified girl.

‘Come on, don’t be like that. I just want to find Stella, that’s all.’ 

‘Are you just being nice because you’re thinking of killing me?’ asked Beth in a weak voice.

‘NO! Where do you get these stupid ideas from?!’ he cried, looking confused.

‘It’s because of your personality disorders. I’ve come to the conclusion that either you’re as crazy as a cut snake or you’re a psychopath,’ she blurted out without thinking twice. If she was right, being nice wouldn’t do her much good anyway.

Luke began to laugh and Beth joined in, realizing how she’d sounded.

‘I’m sorry,’ she said; ‘I’m just worried about Stella disappearing like that. Imagine what might happen to her, alone in the middle of that forest. I just hope we reach her in time before something bad happens.’

‘Nothing bad’s going to happen to Stella. Can’t you say one sensible thing today?’ he growled, visibly tensing up.

He couldn’t bear the thought of Stella being in danger.

‘Hey! I’m worried too! Don’t bark at me, ok?!’ Anybody would think she was your girlfriend, not your brother’s!’

‘It doesn’t matter whose girlfriend she is. She’s Stella.’ Luke’s voice was tinged with great sadness.

As soon as he spoke, Beth realized that this was the crux of the matter. The reason why Luke was so vulnerable and weird to her. An image came back to her like a flash. It had happened that same night. Stella running into the cabin after a distraught-looking Erik, while Luke followed behind with a scowl on his face. Something had happened. Beth had always suspected that Stella was more than a friend to Luke, and she was having those suspicions confirmed little by little. She felt another kind of fear. A suffocating panic which constricted her ribs and prevented her from breathing. 

‘You’re still in love with her, aren’t you?’ she asked, controlling her voice although she wanted to scream.

‘That’s none of your business,’ muttered Luke, bowing his head.

‘Isn’t it? In that case, why do you kiss me like you do? I think that gives me the right to ask,’ she said, knowing that his evasive answer to her first question was simply confirming the obvious.

Her heart, inevitably, began to tear in two.

‘You’re behaving like a spoilt child. We’d better go.’

‘No; I’m not moving from here till you tell me once and for all what you feel for me.’ She could hear the tension in her own voice.

‘I’m not carrying on with this one-way argument,’ he said flatly, as if the subject didn’t matter to him any more.

‘Just tell me!’ she snapped, glaring at him.

‘I promised you nothing, so you can expect nothing back. And if you really want to know, that’s what I feel for you. Nothing.’ His eyes met hers and he could see the pain and disappointment he’d caused her.

Beth was paralyzed under the turquoise green fire of the eyes that seemed to say the opposite of what she was hearing. She blinked, trying to take it in. Luke had been toying with her. Playing with her feelings. He’d used her as he’d pleased and now he despised her. She’d been a plaything in the hands of a heartless block of ice. Nothing had been real. Only the pain and humiliation that she was feeling now seeping out of every pore was real.

Luke was aware of the harm he was doing to her and cursed himself for it. But it was necessary. He couldn’t go on playing this game with her. Not until he’d sorted his own feelings out. He knew that Beth wouldn’t take it lying down, that she wouldn’t give up so easily. That’s why he’d searched for the words which would have most effect. But regret wasn’t long in making an appearance in his divided heart. Beth didn’t deserve this. She didn’t deserve someone like him. Selfish and cynical. She deserved someone better. Someone who loved her with all their heart and not the scraps that Stella had left in his. He clenched his teeth and mustered up all the courage he could to carry on with the charade. He’d already plunged the dagger into her heart, now all he had to do was twist it and everything she’d felt for him would disappear. He’d made a decision and there was no going back.

‘And quit begging, you look pathetic.’ All this was beginning to leave a bad taste in his mouth.

‘You’re a monster,’ she snarled, fighting back the tears with all her strength.

She wasn’t going to give him the pleasure of seeing her cry. She swallowed hard, getting rid of the lump in her throat. She strode towards the bike without saying another word, jumped on, started up and moved off, leaving him standing there, staring. She was sure that he’d never have imagined she could ride a bike like that. It was one advantage of having a biker as a dad. Trying to grasp the handlebar with the fingertips of her immobilized left arm was difficult, but she found she could cope. The wind and the speed meant her tears flew off her face without touching her skin. A strange feeling, a mixture of pain and satisfaction, filled her heart. She wouldn’t make the same mistake again. This story had gone on long enough. She thought of getting out of there. Maybe the most logical thing was to put some distance between her and Luke. Anyway, she and Stella had been off the radar for a few days and until now she hadn’t had time to think about it. The University could well have called her father. Or not. It didn’t matter: after all, her father was too busy with his new girlfriend to worry about her. She accelerated even more when she hit the main road again, enjoying the feeling that she’d left at least part of her problem behind, as if the wind and the speed had stripped away some of her suffering as well as her tears.

The first pink fingers of dawn were streaking across the sky as Beth made up her mind not to fall to pieces emotionally. “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger”, she thought, giving in to the familiar purring of the engine and headed back to the little cabin.



Luke was astonished. Beth had sped off on the only means of transport they had. What was she thinking of? Had she lost her mind? How was he going to get back to the cabin now? And how the hell was Miss Malibu Barbie suddenly able to ride a bike with one arm in plaster?

He shook his head, more in tiredness than in anger. After all, what did he know about her? Nothing. That word, that one single word had ruined any chance he could have had with Beth. He hadn’t realized how much that decision was hurting him until he watched her ride off. No use crying over spilt milk now. Beth would never trust him again.

“That’s what you wanted, right?” he asked himself as he set off through the brush. The answer from his cold heart wasn’t what his head wanted to hear. Beth had sunk her claws deep into him and it wasn’t going to be easy to get them out. He clenched his fists and hit a tree trunk covered in moss, which softened the impact. He heard the crunch of splintering wood and stepped out of the way as the tree crashed to the ground. He had to move on and focus on what was really important. Finding Stella. But his concern for Beth and where she might be right now stopped him from thinking straight. He headed for the cabin just as a few stray, sluggish rays of light were beginning to cast long shadows over the wood; a new day was dawning.




































Lost



“It is curious how easily evil men will believe that everything will turn out well.”

Victor Hugo





I opened my eyes, allowing the light to penetrate, and was blinded for an instant. As a reflex action I closed them again. Why was everything so bright? The last thing I recalled was the dark wood swallowing me up and now all this light was disconcerting. All I could see in my mind were vague images coming and going, but I didn’t know where they were coming from. People. Endless corridors. The monotonous drone of an engine. I tried to open my eyes again, more slowly this time, squinting until they got used to the light.

I was on a plane. 

I turned my head, desperately searching for someone who could tell me what I was doing there when right next to me I saw the only face I was hoping never to see again.

‘Hello Stella. Did you sleep well?’

‘You! Help! Somebody help me!’ I screamed in terror at Markus’s greeting.

A stewardess came up to our row, her smile as professional and immaculate as her blue uniform.

‘Can I help you, Miss?’ she asked, still smiling.

Her platinum hair was swept back in a bun. She directed her gaze at my attractive kidnapper instead of the one who was screaming – me. For God’s sake, how simple we humans were sometimes! I wanted to slap her face. If she only knew what kind of monster was sitting right in front of her, she wouldn’t be devouring him with her eyes. 

‘No thank you, you’re very kind…’ Markus hesitated for a few seconds, looking for her name on the small metal badge she was wearing on her lapel, pretending to take my hand lovingly when he was actually crushing it. ‘Miss… Clarie, please forgive us, my daughter suffers from a mental disorder and sometimes when she wakes up from a nightmare, she’s scared and disoriented. The poor dear can’t tell reality from fantasy,’ he said with a dazzling smile.

‘Oh I’m sorry; I don’t wish to intrude,’ she apologized; at the same time, this Miss Clarie was quite obviously flirting with Markus. ‘Just call me if there’s anything you need.’ She swished away down the aisle.

Markus turned to me, his catlike eyes penetrating into the very depths of me.

‘You’d better behave yourself; or if you prefer, I can make you behave,’ he hissed, squeezing my hand even tighter. 

Pain shot up my arm from my wrist to my elbow.

‘You disgust me,’ I spat, stifling a cry. ‘What do you want from me?’

‘I’m sure Carl brought you up to speed. By the way, what a pleasant surprise to see your father is still alive. But not for much longer, I fear,’ he added with a malicious grin.

‘How did you manage to get me on this plane without anyone suspecting anything?’

‘Don’t tell me that your young beau has never used his mental powers to take advantage of you a little?’ he sneered, stroking my cheek.

I slapped his hand away from my reddened face.

‘No. Erik would never do that. He loves me.’

But I did remember that Luke had manipulated me into a sort of hypnotic trance more than once.

‘How sweet! It warms my heart to hear that!’ he mocked. His face darkened suddenly and it scared me. ‘Listen to me. I have nothing against you. Quite honestly, I couldn’t care less about you but you have something we need and it’s my obligation to get it.’

I sat there, frozen as stone. I couldn’t speak, I couldn’t blink, I could hardly breathe. His almost transparent eyes terrified me. 

‘Look at it this way. You’re going to die for a good cause,’ he whispered in my ear, making my hair stand on end. 

The distorted voice of the pilot announced that we were reaching our destination: Iceland. The airport was as desolate as I remembered it. Markus rented an SUV and we went outside. The beauty of the scenery overwhelmed me again. It was the middle of winter. The vast open landscape was covered in a blanket of snow, as if they’d put too much frosting on it. For a moment I felt like a little girl in a fairy tale. The darkness of the sky contrasted with a brilliant green curtain of light, swirling like a fantastic ocean suspended in the firmament. I’d never seen the Northern Lights before, and I would never forget it. Markus snapped me out of my daydream, grabbing my arm and jerking me towards where the car was parked. 

My captor drove us confidently along the dirt and gravel roads; I clung on to the dashboard, trying to compensate for the uncomfortable jolting of the car. I glanced at the man who was holding me against my will.

He was looking straight ahead, arms rigid holding the steering wheel, trying to find his way in the dark. The concentration gave him lines on his forehead. I even admired his perfect, attractive profile. And to think that only a year ago, I’d encouraged my mother to go out with this degenerate… My mother.

Memories of Nicole came flooding back, filling my mind. I hadn’t heard from her in over a week. My cell phone had disappeared and I had no idea where or when, and that made communication between us extremely difficult. I knotted my fingers in anxiety and unease. My mother was getting over an emotional breakdown and the last thing she needed was to find out that her daughter had been kidnapped. I prayed that Erik had been able to talk to her, to reassure her; or even pull the wool over her eyes with some cheap excuse or other. We’d distanced ourselves from each other, and that hurt me to the depths of my soul. But it was necessary for her own good, for mine, for everybody’s.

A sudden jerk from the seat belt threw me back against the seat and sucked the air out of my lungs. Markus had slammed on the brakes and was looking at me with an amused expression on his face.

‘Hope you enjoyed the trip,’ he said with exaggerated niceness. 

My stomach churned in protest. The combination of scorn and arrogance made me want to throw up.

‘I’d rather we’d crashed into a tree and you were dead,’ I snarled, not caring what reprisals that might bring.

I felt a throbbing pain on my cheek and a stinging which spread across the right side of my face when he slapped me. Clearly he wasn’t going to let me get away with anything. I stifled a cry – what he did was way out of line – but I couldn’t stop the tears from flowing down my cheeks, reddened by the pain, impotence and panic which had taken hold of me.

‘No more little games, it’s just the two of us now, you and me, and I don’t have time to waste,’ he growled, opening the car door and making me get out, digging his claw-like fingers into my arms. The pain became so ferocious that I almost passed out. ‘There’s no way out; and the only future ahead of you is the one I choose. So it’s up to you. We can either do this nicely, in which case the only loser is you; or the other way, in which your beloved Erik, your father and anyone else you care about will end up the same way you do. You decide,’ he said with a malevolent grin and a spine-chilling wink.

I resisted the temptation to answer him, pursing my lips tightly. Thinking about Erik or my father only increased my determination. I knew they’d do the impossible to save me, even from myself, and that’s what I wanted to avoid at all costs. That’s why I’d run away, because I wouldn’t allow Erik to sacrifice himself for me. If dying was the only way to save them, I’d just have to accept it. Markus took my silence as agreement and started walking, still grasping my arm. He practically dragged me into the small building.




Beast




“O powerful love! That in some respects makes a beast a man, in some other a man a beast!”

William Shakespeare





This couldn’t be happening. Stella had disappeared as if by magic. They’d searched every nook and cranny of the forest for hours: nothing. 

Erik collapsed onto the sofa, downcast and bad-tempered. Beth was sitting on the bed when she heard him come in; she dashed out of her room, thinking it might be Stella coming back.

‘Stella?’ she called out, running into the living room. She stopped short to avoid bumping into the edge of the sofa. Erik looked up wordlessly, then looked down again, hiding his face between his trembling hands. Beth felt a pang of compassion when she saw the desperation on his face.

‘No luck, then?’

‘No. And by the looks of it, you guys didn’t have any either,’ he replied, trying to pull himself together.

‘Nope,’ said Beth, sitting beside him. ‘I don’t know if Luke has had any because I left him alone in the forest an hour and a half ago and he still hasn’t come back.’ There was a tinge of guilt in her voice.

‘Don’t worry, he can take care of himself; but Stella… God! I can’t stand not knowing! I have to find her!’ He fell to the floor, pulled his knees up to his chest and hid his face in his hands.

Beth looked at him in astonishment. She’d never seen him like this. Out of control, freaking out. She knew he’d move heaven and earth to find her friend.

‘We’ll find her. This island isn’t very big and Stella isn’t much of a hiker.’ She paused and thought for a few moments. ‘In fact, that’s what I find most surprising. I can’t imagine Stella finding her way through the forest in broad daylight, let alone at night. It’s weird. And it isn’t just Stella who’s disappeared; what about that guy who abducted us and escaped through the window? Who knows where he is.’

Erik’s eyes opened suddenly, like he’d had some kind of revelation. He jumped to his feet as if the floor was burning him.

‘Of course! That’s it!’ He leaned forward and gave Beth a kiss on the cheek. ‘Thanks! Thank you! How come I didn’t think of it before?!’

Beth looked at him in puzzlement. He was acting like a lunatic, demented. He was saying things that made no sense, then thanking her for… for nothing? She hadn’t really said anything, apart from stating the obvious, that Stella lost her way easily.

She shook her head sadly. Poor Erik, he’d taken Stella’s disappearance too much to heart. She was worried too, but she knew they’d find her sooner or later. It was only a matter of time and maybe daylight. Luckily for everyone, dawn had broken and the sky was taking on more and more color, tinting the horizon with a pinkish violet which was beginning to light up every part of the island. She watched Erik talking on his cell phone. He looked tired but at the same time euphoric. His eyes were sunken and darker than usual, which made his face look shadowed and colorless. She wondered who he was talking to. He gave her the answer not two minutes later.

‘I’ve just spoken to Jeff and the others. They’re coming back here. We have to go looking for Stella as soon as possible.’ He began to pace up and down the living room. ‘There’s no time to lose. Go and pack your stuff, we’re leaving.’

‘But… where are we going?’

‘To the only place I reckon Markus would take her.’

Panic gripped her face. She went white as a sheet. How was it possible? When had he realized where Stella was? She remembered the moment when the attractive Kaelian had leapt through the window. Of course, how could they have been so blind? Markus had stayed on the island and by a twist of fate Stella had fallen into his clutches.

The front door crashed open while Beth was deep in thought. Luke flew in, his long red hair streaming behind him like flames. He stood in front of her with a none-too friendly scowl on his face.

‘Don’t ever do that again. Do you know how long I spent looking for you?’ he growled. ‘As if we didn’t have enough to worry about with one disappearance, and you go and vanish as well. What were you thinking of?!’ He pointed a threatening index finger at her as if he wanted to sink it through her chest, but didn’t touch her.

Beth lifted her head and looked at him as if it were the first time she’d seen him. She grimaced at his arrogant tone of voice, recalling with her still-broken heart how he’d humiliated her a few hours before. She could feel the fury building up inside her.

‘For-get-me,’ she answered in a slow staccato, trying to squeeze all her resentment into two words.

She stood looking at him defiantly for a few seconds, then turned briskly away, making it quite clear what she thought about the state of their relationship. Dead. “No; dead and buried,” she thought to herself as she walked towards the bedroom to get her things, leaving Luke rooted to the spot. Too perfect to be true, too painful for her heart.

‘Hey! I haven’t finished with you yet!’ he called after her. ‘Do you hear me? I know you can hear me. I’m up to here with all your crap!’ he roared, even though there was no-one listening. 

Beth had locked herself in her room and was completely ignoring him.

‘Let her be, I need to talk to you,’ said his brother, putting a hand on his shoulder. 

Luke turned to him, trying to calm down. He hadn’t even noticed he was there.

‘What is it?’ he grunted.

‘I think Markus has Stella.’ Erik could feel the pain of separation in his chest.

‘How is that possible?’ asked Luke, coming back to reality as if someone had slapped his face, focusing totally on his brother’s hurried explanation.

While Erik told him his theory about what had happened, he realized that Markus hadn’t disappeared as they’d all presumed, and that Stella was in real danger.

‘How could we all have been so blind?! We’ve wasted so much valuable time looking for her around here,’ he said.

‘Exactly. That’s why we have to move now,’ said Erik edgily, feeling his insides twisting at the thought that it might already be too late and the inevitable had happened.

This was getting out of hand. Erik felt a wave of rage and impotence flooding his chest. He’d kill Markus without thinking twice. He took a deep breath in a desperate attempt to look calm.

‘I’ll call the airport and book the flights, you check the ferry times, ok?’

‘Sure, I’m on it,’ said Luke taking out his Blackberry.

For a moment, looking at his gaunt face, he felt sorry for his brother; undoubtedly he looked much the same. He tried to use a little sarcasm to reduce the tension.

‘We can leave the crazy woman here though, can’t we?’ he said with a nod in the direction of the room that Beth had disappeared into, and loud enough for her to hear. ‘We don’t need her and she’d only be a burden.’

Beth’s reaction didn’t take long in coming.

‘I’m nobody’s burden and I’m not crazy, numbnuts!’ she screamed from the other side of the bedroom door.

Luke’s lips curled into a satisfied smile.

‘Luke, focus!’ hissed Erik angrily.

“Sarcasm wasn’t such a good idea, obviously,” thought Luke, wiping the smile off his face.

‘This isn’t a game, ok? Stella’s in danger, real danger. We have no idea what kind of state she’ll be in when we find her, so cut out the kidding and work with me here.’

Erik’s scarlet face and clenched fists, making the veins in his arms stand out, left Luke in no doubt. This was no time for arguments. He was quite sure that Erik would tear his head off if he went up against him. In any case he was right. The only thing that mattered was saving Stella. Beth could wait till later. 

Jeff and Carl arrived moments later. Stella’s father looked downcast and desolate. Beth looked at him in pity. Was Stella’s future really that bleak? She’d honestly thought that guy was just bluffing with all that talk of killing Stella to experiment on her, but by the looks on Erik and Carl’s faces, it was more serious than she’d thought. Jeff had disappeared into the small storeroom where the Kaelian prisoners were being kept. Angie had been busy: she’d got more information out of them than they’d expected.

‘You’ll have to go to Iceland,’ said the attractive Kaelian, tucking her neatly combed hair behind her ears. Beth knew that this woman had prefect DNA, as did all Kaelians, but there was something about her stiff posture and the coldness of her piercing gaze that made her hair stand on end. She had no idea why, but she reminded Beth of the stepmother from Snow White. She was sure that Angie was quite capable of poisoning any other woman who dared to compete with her beauty. She looked down in embarrassment when their eyes met. By the look of it, she’d been gawping at her. She tried to think about Stella. Maybe she wouldn’t be much help, but she’d do what she could to save her, along with all the others here in this little cabin.

‘I still can’t believe you managed to get so much information out of them,’ said Erik, obviously pleased with what Angie was saying.

‘I have my methods,’ she winked with a knowing smile; ‘but of course I can’t tell you.’

‘Well you’re going to have to tell me,’ said Luke, feigning an interest he wasn’t capable of feeling.

Beth snorted at Luke’s pathetic attempt at flirting, without even bothering to look at him. Angie smiled broadly then turned to Jeff and Carl, who seemed to have come back to life a little after hearing what Angie had said.

‘We have one thing going for us now; we know that Markus probably won’t do anything for at least a couple of days, until the electromagnetic fields in Iceland are favorable.’ 

‘I don’t understand. What’s all this about electromagnetic fields and what does it have to do with Stella?’ asked Beth, knitting her brow.

She hated being the only human who couldn’t follow the conversations that the five aliens had between them.

‘It’s complicated; I’ll explain it to you later,’ said Erik hurriedly; ‘but right now we have to leave.’

Beth nodded. Luke came up to her from behind without her realizing and whispered in her ear, making the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.

‘If you like, I can do you some little drawings, you know, like kids at kindergarten. Do you think you’d be able to understand them? Because I for one have my doubts,’ he sneered.

Beth stood rooted to the spot with neither the strength nor the will to object. Her head felt like a lump of cork, incapable of forming a single coherent thought. She stopped feeling Luke’s warm breath on her neck as he backed away, and her sanity returned. She whirled around to face him, her dark eyes burning with fury, like two pieces of coal on a fire about to explode into flames. She opened her mouth to answer him but Erik came over with her bag in his hand.

‘Take it, we have to go.’

She’d had a million unsavoury things to say to Luke when Erik came up. She nodded, unable to say anything agreeable, swallowing her words. She took her stuff with her good hand and, without taking her eyes off Luke, walked past him until he was out of her sight. 

Erik, Carl and Luke went in the same direction as Beth, bags over shoulders, determined to get out of there as quickly as possible. Jeff stopped for a moment in front of Carl.

‘Let me go with you,’ he begged. ‘You’re going to need all the help you can get.’

‘I know, believe me I know; but I’ve ruined your life enough as it is.’ Carl placed a calming hand on his brother’s shoulder. ‘You’ve already done more than your fair share. Now all I ask is that you watch those two in there,’ he said, nodding in the direction of the cabin where the two Kaelians were being held prisoner. ‘If all goes well, we’ll need them as witnesses in court on Kaeliux.’

Jeff nodded and said no more. Both he and Angie would stay on the island while Erik, Carl, Luke and Beth sped off towards the boat which would take them to Vancouver, where a small plane was waiting to take them to Iceland. 



The departures gate at the airport was closed; Beth’s nerves began to eat away at her already depleted levels of patience. A delay of just five minutes could prove fatal for Stella! She decided to look at the messages on her cell phone before she had to switch it off. She was pleasantly surprised that her parents still realized they had a daughter despite the fact that their relationship was limited to phone calls these days. She wrote a quick reply to both. Then she remembered that Stella had left her phone in her handbag when they rescued her at the airport. She pulled it out and looked at the screen. Three missed calls from Nicole. That didn’t look too promising. She looked around for Erik. He was talking to a flight attendant at the check-in desk, almost certainly asking about the delay to their flight. She got up and ran over to him. 

‘What’s going on?’ she asked, to get into the conversation.

‘It looks like there’s a delay of half an hour due to the snow,’ he growled, banging the counter with his fist, making the flight attendant jump in her faded seat.

‘Thank you, you’ve been very helpful,’ apologised Beth as Erik walked away, angrier than she’d ever seen him. 

The stewardess muttered something like “You’re welcome”, but to Beth it just sounded like a grunt. She was understandably bewitched by Erik’s looks despite his rudeness to her. She smiled to herself, thinking about the look on the stewardess’s face if she knew that such perfection came from outer space – and in pairs.

Beth ran after the furious blond, hoping to seize the moment to share her worry with him about Nicole.

‘Hey, have you heard from Stella’s mother? Have you talked to her?’

‘No, I haven’t. Why do you ask?’ He turned wearily and looked at her.

Beth could feel the deep bitterness that was torturing the Kaelian, shrivelling his heart.

‘Because she’ll start to worry if Stella doesn’t call her or at least let her know she’s ok. Maybe you should speak to her. Look at this.’ She showed him the missed calls. 

‘Why me? You could call her yourself,’ he said absently.

‘Do I look like Stella’s “boyfriend”? I don’t think so,’ she joked, trying to pull him out of his sadness. ‘It’s not me she wants to hear from, it’s Stella; and if not, from the person closest to her, in other words you. Call her and tell her anything you like to stop her from worrying. Tell her Stella’s lost her voice or something.’ Beth swayed uneasily and offered him the phone.

‘All right,’ he sighed, snatching the small metal rectangle from her hand. He cleared his throat and walked away from Beth.

Beth watched him move away, taking a long hard look at his impressive physique. His back was slightly hunched from the weight of the anxiety he was feeling. Carl came up to her but she kept looking at Erik to see if she could lip-read what he was saying to Nicole. 

‘Beth, I just wanted to say that I’m glad you’re here.’

‘Thank you, Mr Preston,’ she stammered awkwardly.

‘How’s your arm? Does it hurt?’ he asked out of genuine interest.

‘No, not at all since they put it in plaster, but it’s a pain in the you-know-what. I can’t wait to get this thing off,’ she answered, rapping the hard plaster cast with her knuckles. 

She hadn’t been alone with Stella’s father since he’d taken her to the Health Center the night before. And they hadn’t said a single word then. Now, with him so close with that deep, calming voice, just as she remembered from her childhood, she felt once again like the little girl that used to go to Stella’s house to listen to Carl’s stories until they collapsed into bed. Her cheeks reddened slightly, despite the fact that she never blushed.

‘I’m sorry I haven’t thanked you before for everything you’re doing for my daughter, but this is not a normal situation, you understand,’ he said as Beth wandered through her childhood memories.

‘Oh, there’s no need to apologize, it’s perfectly normal, seeing as… well, I mean you’re not human and…’ She bit her tongue to prevent her from putting her foot even further in it. ‘It doesn’t matter; I’m happy to help.’

Carl reassured her with a broad smile which helped to bring her irregular breathing back to normal. “This is crazy”, she thought, watching him walk away. Being surrounded by so many perfect, attractive men was driving her nuts.

‘Happy to help? If I were you, I’d be happy to screw things up because that’s what you really do.’ Luke appeared beside her from nowhere. 

Great. Just what she needed to stop breathing entirely. How long had he been there?

This habit of creeping up on her like that was going to give her a heart attack someday. She decided to channel her rage. Or was it love? It didn’t really matter, after all he couldn’t care less about her feelings, at least that’s what she thought.

‘Don’t provoke me,’ she growled.

‘I’m not. Just imagine if I was,’ he said, his turquoise green gaze fixed firmly on her dark eyes.

‘Get lost.’ She whirled around and went back to her seat between Carl and Erik.

A tinny voice over the PA announced the departure of the flight to Reykjavik. The plane finally took off three hours late, with four anxious passengers on board. Each one of them hovering between the present and the future.












Iceland



“Life is nothing more than a constant succession of opportunities to survive.”

Gabriel García Marquez





The sight that greeted me couldn’t have been more unbelievable. A matt-black spaceship loomed up in front of my paralyzed body. I was being pushed from behind towards the great mass of metal. My mind wasn’t sure what my body should do. My head was screaming at me to run, but my legs seemed determined to carry me inside the terrifying machine.

I turned my head to see who was pushing me. Markus’s slim figure appeared beside me, a treacherous grin frozen on his face. I was getting more and more panic-stricken and anxious, and my head kept shrieking at me to get out of there. I heard a voice calling me, an echo muffled by the mountains, ringing around my head. I’d recognize that voice anywhere. Erik was begging me for something. I looked around frantically to check, but he wasn’t there. We finally entered through the small opening which served as a door to the ship, and I turned my head to take a last look at my sun, at my sky.

Someone was shaking me roughly. I opened my eyes and was relieved to find that it had all been a bad dream. Another nightmare. My mind had decided to reward me with more sleepless nights and distorted, incoherent dreams. My eyelids refused to open fully because of the brightness of the light. Markus shook me again.

‘Come on, get up. We haven’t got all day.’ I was more frightened than I’d ever been in my life. ‘We have to get you ready for the journey. Move.’

‘What journey?’ I asked weakly.

‘You didn’t think I was just going to put you down like an animal here, did you?’ The question was rhetorical with a hint of reproach in it. ‘The process is more complicated than that; I’m not going to kill you; not just yet, anyway. Besides, I need to use some facilities that your pathetic civilization can’t provide me with. If I were you, I’d cheer up. You’re going to see your father’s home. Part of your roots. You should be thanking me; I’m doing you a favor,’ he said sarcastically.

I tried my best to take in what he was saying. So my dream hadn’t been as absurd as I’d thought. Maybe a premonition? Erik came into my mind like a shooting star streaking suddenly across the sky. What would become of us? Would I ever see him again? Would he know that I was doing this for him; that I loved him more than life itself? I got up slowly and reluctantly from my bunk, knowing that this was the beginning of the end. I decided to make the most of my misfortune and at least find out what plans my kidnapper had for me.

‘Can I ask you something?’ I sounded more insecure than I wanted to.

‘Of course. Ask me anything you like,’ he replied, looking pleased. 

‘Why are you so interested in me? I mean,’ I tried to explain myself so I didn’t sound so ignorant; ‘I know you’re looking for a cure for the disease you’re all suffering from, but what does that have to do with me?’

‘In case you didn’t know it, you’re unique.’

‘I know; but I still don’t understand why that’s so fascinating. Surely you don’t think that a few cells of mine can cure a whole race?’ 

A sudden hollow laugh rang around the room, scaring me.

‘I see your human inferiority is still winning over your Kaelian side. Obviously you haven’t understood the game.’ He seemed amused. ‘You aren’t going to save anyone, not literally. We’re intelligent enough to find the solution to our problems without making a martyr of anyone. You’re just another link in the chain.’

‘I don’t understand,’ I whispered, thinking out loud.

‘I suppose you’d better know what you’re in for. I’ll grant you that much.’ His eyes, clear as crystal, penetrated into the very depths of my soul. ‘We found a cure for the disease, after experimenting with combined stem cells, and at last we’ll be able to cure ourselves; but we need to find out if it really works on Kaelians. We experimented on humans and the results were frankly disappointing. Their bodies can’t survive more than two days of treatment; it seems to be too aggressive for their organs. They end up falling apart after 48 hours. And that’s where you come in.’

‘Because I’ve got Kaelian cells,’ I breathed, finally understanding what my role was in all this. I began to feel nauseous. 

‘Exactly. We’re fairly sure that the experience won’t be a pleasant one for you as your human side will be seriously affected; but if your father’s notes are anything to go by, that won’t be too problematic given that you’re already quite ill. So the only thing that can happen is that we speed up the process of your death which is, after all, inevitable. Maybe if we do it in small doses a little at a time, and we let your body assimilate it, it won’t be too devastating. Who knows, maybe we might even cure you…’ He was mocking and thoughtful at the same time; ‘but our priority is to know how our cells react to the treatment without putting any of our people at risk, which is why we’re not going to wait until your human side can get used to the treatment. We need quick answers. Don’t look at me like that; you’re just collateral damage.’ He had something like a smile on his face, but to me it looked more like a threat. He made me feel like I was at the bottom of the food chain. ‘You have to admit, my idea is brilliant. I’m sure that after this little contribution to medical science, they’ll reconsider my place on the Council.’

There was a buzzing sound in my ears. I couldn’t make out what he was saying. I could feel my body disintegrating even before they put me through the tests he’d been talking about. Markus grabbed my wrist and with a swift movement he put something cold and shiny on it which paralyzed my arm completely. I lowered my eyes, misted up with tears, and saw a pair of handcuffs which chained me to my captor totally against my will.

Instinctively I pulled on them but only succeeded in taking the skin off parts of my wrist. I gave in to my fate, following him down the narrow, brightly-lit corridor which was leading us to who knows where in that bleak, inhospitable place.



Beth couldn’t bear the heartrending silence any more. She needed to know why they’d been travelling all morning to the other side of the world; why the three of them were so sure that Stella was there; and, above all, whether Stella would still be alive when they managed to find her. She glanced at Carl, who was looking straight ahead as he drove them along the main highway into the interior of the island. Erik was in the passenger’s seat, and from the dark look on his face this wasn’t the time to unleash a barrage of questions. Finally, and much to her regret, she looked at her travelling companion in the back seat. Luke was sound asleep, as if he was on a day-trip to the beach instead of being about to put his life on the line. His cold-bloodedness was incredible. He seemed like he didn’t have a care in the world, and that bothered her. She lifted her foot just enough to kick him on the shin with the square heel of her boot. 

‘What’s going on? Are we there yet?’ He seemed rattled when he saw that they were moving along the same stretch of road as a little while ago. 

‘No; but your snoring is giving me a migraine,’ said Beth, wrinkling her nose.

‘You’re pathetic, you know that?’ he mocked, stretching like a cat.

‘Since when have people been judged because of a headache?’ 

‘I’m not talking about people, I’m talking about you. Quit inventing excuses to get my attention.’

Beth didn’t know whether to answer him back or slap him. She decided on the first option.

‘And you quit dreaming and come back to the real world.’

‘This is useless. Are you going to tell me once and for all why you woke me up?’ asked Luke, tired of the chatter.

‘I told you, I’ve got a headache and you…’ Luke shut her up by putting a hand over her mouth. Beth could feel her stomach turning somersaults. 

‘You’d better tell me or I’ll just ignore you from here on in.’ Beth glimpsed a hint of curiosity in his normally unexpressive eyes. 

‘I thought you were ignoring me anyway,’ mocked Luke. Beth decided not to push her luck and started to speak. ‘I need to know what we’re doing here. Why are you so sure that Markus brought Stella here? Isn’t it slightly insane to trust the word of two guys who, by the way, we are holding prisoner?’

‘Give me strength,’ sighed Luke, stifling a yawn; ‘what have I done to deserve this?’ Beth wrinkled her brow, considering the possibility that he’d finally gone raving mad. ‘It’s so exasperating that you never know what’s going on. This is where we have the means to go back to Kaeliux, which is where Markus is planning to take Stella. Now that you’ve decided to get yourself mixed up in all this, why not just go with the flow? Is it that hard?’

‘Yes, it is hard; and even more so now I’ve learned that I can’t trust any of your species, or should I say I can’t trust you.’

Her directness shook him and he was speechless for a few seconds. It was as if he’d been plunged into a freezing lake. There was no cynicism or irony in her voice, that was how she felt, and Luke couldn’t do anything about it. He felt his chest tighten, as if something was tearing at his heart. He knew he was doing the right thing. Beth deserved more than a creep like him who’d only make her miserable, like he’d done to so many girls who’d got close to him. Miserable like him.

Even so, he couldn’t help feeling like a sewer rat for causing her so much unhappiness. 

Luckily, Erik joined in the conversation, relieving the tension that had come between them.

‘You see Beth; we can’t just hop from planet to planet as we please. We need specific atmospheric conditions to be able to travel. The intensity of the magnetic fields around this island, the ones that generate the Northern Lights, is ideal for us; it’s like a portal to the Universe. And it’s a country where we can move around freely and discreetly. That’s why our operating base is here, in Iceland.’ He gestured with both hands at the extraordinary landscape that stretched out before them. 

Beth was beginning to understand what Erik was talking about. When she got off the plane, she thought her eyes were playing tricks on her and she was on the Moon rather than on Earth. And during the rest of the journey, the sensation that she was on another world had gotten stronger. The vast expanse of snow-covered solidified lava came right up to the road and the place was completely uninhabited. There were only a few small villages huddled together along the coast, where Beth guessed conditions must be kinder. The small geysers and smoke vents, which were getting higher and more intense as they went further inland, gave the impression that they were on a path between the surreal and the fantastic.

‘We never needed to explain these things to anyone before, which may be why my little brother is having problems telling you,’ he winked. 

They’d better find Stella soon, thought Beth, or she’d end up throwing herself at Erik like a thing possessed. Luke slapped her on the shoulder, bringing her back down to earth.

‘You look like an idiot, staring at him like that,’ he snarled just as the car slowed down and stopped near a small outcrop of rock. 

‘What are you talking about?’ muttered Beth.

‘Quit eyeing up my brother. He’s Stella’s boyfriend, in case you’d forgotten, what with that goldfish memory of yours.’

‘I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that. Better still, I’m going to pretend you don’t even exist.’ With that she turned to the car door and opened it.



We reached a small room after Markus had dragged me a long way down the endless underground tunnel without mercy but without problems. I had to admit that, despite being traumatised by what was going on, I was a little disappointed. I’d expected to see a spaceship, like a flying saucer or a UFO or whatever, like the one in my dreams; but all I saw was a transparent oval capsule, like a silkworm chrysalis. 

Markus sat me down on a chair in the corner and undid his half of the handcuffs, attaching it to a semi-circular metal tube sticking a few inches out of the wall next to me. 

‘I won’t make a break for it,’ I objected, feeling another surge of pain as I was clamped in.

Pins and needles spread from my shoulders all the way down my arm. For a moment I thought it might hurt less if I just cut it off. The feeling of wanting to move but not being able to was terrible.

‘I’m sure you won’t, but I like to take precautions. You’ll feel more comfortable if you try to relax and stop pulling at it the whole time.’ He didn’t even bother to look at me; and despite his friendly sympathetic tone, what he was saying was quite the opposite.

‘What’s going to happen when my mother reports me missing? And what if Erik decides to tell the authorities what you’re up to?’ It wasn’t so much a desperate protest as saying out loud what was going through my mind.

Anything was better than that gloomy silence which only sank me back into my own misery, as if I was being swallowed up by quicksand and I couldn’t do anything about it.

‘Your mother is in good hands, you don’t have to worry about her. And as for Erik telling the truth, which I rather doubt he’ll do, that won’t be a problem either. He’ll share the same fate as your mother: everyone will just think they’re crazy,’ he said with contempt.

I couldn’t believe my ears.

‘What have you done to my mother, you bastard?!’ I screamed, swivelling the battered old chair until it fell backwards; I stood up and lunged at him in desperation, in a vain attempt to reach him.

My arm suddenly snapped taut, wrenching my shoulder out of its socket. The pain shot through me like a hammer blow, making me retch. But my mind wasn’t focusing on the physical suffering; it was the emotional anguish that was turning my stomach. All I could think about was Nicole.

Markus came towards me; I was trying to get at him with my free hand to hit, scratch, whatever would make him suffer. He stopped a few yards away, a malevolent grin on his face as he looked at me in amusement.

‘Don’t be like that. Your mother is in one of the best psychiatric hospitals in San Francisco.’

‘I don’t believe you! You’re lying! My mother is at home with my grandparents!’ I cried, overcome by rage and impotence. I felt the blood throbbing in my temples. 

‘Ah, your grandparents. What a lovely couple. I had the pleasure of meeting them not long ago. A little naïve, though; they completely swallowed my little story about being a psychiatrist and that I came recommended by you.’ The words ricocheted around my head like gunshots. ‘The poor dears felt much more reassured when I offered to accompany them to the hospital. They were devastated when they had to leave your mother there, and she kept protesting that she wasn’t insane. But who would believe that when she kept insisting to them that she’d seen your father, when everyone knows he’s dead and buried?’ He paused for a moment to see if I’d say something, but when he saw I was shocked into silence, he went on. ‘So as you can see, I’ve arranged everything and you don’t have to worry about anyone. So just relax and enjoy the trip.’

He took one last look at me, weighing me up, then walked out of the room, leaving me alone, broken and hollow inside. I felt my exhausted body weighing down on my shaking legs. I collapsed listlessly onto the cold floor, taking no notice of the tremendous cold that was seeping through my skin and penetrating my bones. I shivered violently, my teeth chattering; but whatever I was suffering physically couldn’t compare with the agony in my heart.




A gust of polar wind whipped at Erik’s face as he got out of the car. This was the place. The abandoned Kaelian base, near Mount Kafta, a volcano in the impassable centre of Iceland. He looked apprehensively at the mass of rock rearing up in front of him. Somewhere deep in the entrails of that mountain was his only reason for living. Stella. He squeezed his eyes shut and concentrated hard, searching for her among all the minds around him. He knew it was no use, but he had to try. He felt a jolt when Stella’s thoughts opened up to him like a flower. There were Nicole, Carl, Luke, Beth; and, more intensely than the others, she was thinking about him. He got over his initial surprise that his attempt at contact had worked. Now he just had to let her know that they were there and were planning to rescue her straight away.


Erik’s sweet voice caressing my mind was a shock.

“Stella my love, are you ok?”

Tears streamed down my pale cheeks and my chest heaved as I sobbed my heart out.

“He wants to take me to Kaeliux.” 

That was all I could think of as a storm of emotions overwhelmed me. His mind fell silent and for a moment I thought that Erik might not be there at all, and the whole thing was just my sick imagination playing tricks on me. 

Then his voice came again out of the shadows, turned into thoughts.

“We’re going to get you out of there. Don’t worry. But I need your help. Can you describe where you are?”

I could feel Erik’s tension and anxiety; although it was difficult to distinguish them through thoughts, I could see them, I could feel them deep inside me. 

I opened my eyes, trying to take in every detail of the room around me. The spotless white walls shone under the cold blue neon lights. The steel door which was keeping me prisoner looked like the doors of a bank vault. And above all, the capsule which dominated the center, like a gigantic shiny bubble. 

“I know where you are, I know that place; it’s the Connection Room. We’ll be right there. If Markus comes back for you, hold him up whichever way you can but don’t let him take you out of there, ok?” 

“Don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere.” 

Not that I could anyway, I couldn’t even stand up.

“Just one more thing: please stay alive.”

My heart stopped beating for a fraction of a second. I’d convinced myself that I’d never see Erik again, or hear his voice, or feel the touch of his lips; and now all that had become possible again. I focussed my mind on one last thought. 

“You too.”

But Erik had gone. I could feel his absence in my mind. It was a strange sensation. Like  a furtive glance into the distance, in the same way I could tell whether he was still there or not.

I looked at the bruises on my handcuffed arm and for the first time I saw the stream of scarlet flowing down to my elbow and dripping onto the floor. I couldn’t help feeling nauseous at the sight of my tortured body.



Beth was leaning against the side of the car in a sulk when her cell phone rang. She grabbed her bag and fumbled around, cursing because she couldn’t find it. Without thinking twice, she went round to the hood of the car and emptied the entire contents onto it. Luke stared at her in disbelief. 

‘What the hell are you doing?’ he scoffed, walking quickly up to her.

‘I’m tuning the car,’ she sniped. ‘What the hell do you think I’m doing? I’m looking for my phone, in any case what does it matter to you?’ she said dismissively, shaking the bag violently. 

Luke stopped her just as the phone fell out of its hiding place and landed neatly into the palm of his hand. 

‘The next time we’re trying to go unnoticed, do you think you could make even more noise?’ he sneered, pressing the ‘off’ button and sliding the phone into his jacket pocket. 

Beth began to gather her things together and stuff them back into the bag, her hands trembling with anger and embarrassment. Having the phone on had been extremely foolish, emptying the bag onto the hood only a little less so, but on top of that being told off by this moron was more than she could take. 

‘I thought it might be Stella’s mother,’ she muttered when she’d finished putting everything back in, then holding out her hand for him to give her phone back.

‘I thought, I thought…’ repeated Luke, imitating her tetchy tone of voice. ‘Do us all a favor and quit thinking, ok?’

Beth was about to reply when Carl appeared beside her.

‘Cut out the bickering and follow us. Erik has contacted Stella, she’s in the Connection Room.’ He turned to Luke. ‘Do you know how to get there?’

‘Of course,’ he answered. It wasn’t the first time he’d been to the base.

‘All right. Come on, we’ll tell you what we’re going to do.’

Carl and Luke set off with Beth behind them, bellyaching that Luke always had the last word.




Inevitable end



“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.”

Guillaume de Lemoignan de Maleshierbes





I was floating, weightless. I wasn’t sure if I could actually believe what I was seeing, or if my mind was inventing it. Someone was moving nimbly around the small room, activating things and pressing illegible, indecipherable keys. I rubbed my eyes and smoothed my hair back from my face. My eyesight was blurred. I couldn’t feel the rest of my body. I had the unpleasant sensation that I was detached from my legs. Could it be true? I couldn’t even look to find out. I could only see bright lights and a tall figure flitting around me. I guessed I must have passed out at some point. Maybe Markus had drugged me or something. In any case I was feeling dizzy watching the strange silhouette, more like a shadow than a person, moving around as if it was in perpetual motion.

The fluorescent lights began to blink on and off. At last the figure stopped still. Waiting expectantly. The walls began to shake and I heard something like an explosion. I closed my eyes, expecting chunks of cement and stone to fall on me. But nothing like that happened. Gusts of icy wind lashed at my face and a searing light blinded me completely. The shadowy figure that I’d seen only moments ago had gone. I was alone. Suddenly a hand grasped me, making me cry out loud. 

‘Let me go!’ I screamed. I couldn’t see who had hold of me. 

‘Calm down Stella, it’s me.’ I sobbed with relief when I heard my father’s voice. 

‘Dad, please get me out of here; Markus wants to take me to your planet!’ I croaked, trying to squeeze the seriousness of the situation into just a few words.

Someone else came into the room. I felt the tension in my father’s arms around my waist as I stood up to free myself from my torture. 

‘You didn’t think you could get away with it again, did you?’ growled Markus, his dark voice terrifying me. 

Carl stood me carefully against the wall, making sure I was able to hold myself up before turning his attention to my worst nightmare.

‘You know I’m not going to allow you to take her; I’m not even going to let you tell the Council that she’s my daughter,’ threatened Carl.

Markus didn’t flinch, standing in front of us with defiance written all over his face.

‘And just how are you going to stop me?’

‘By killing you, if I have to,’ warned my father; and he meant it. That was what he was planning to do, without a shadow of a doubt.

‘Well I hope you weren’t counting on any help from her boyfriend,’ sneered Markus, dragging my angel’s battered body behind him. 

My heart cracked when I saw his hunched body, his hair falling forwards, hiding most of his beautiful face, now gaunt and bloodied. 

‘Erik!’ I screamed, lunging towards him. My legs, too weak to carry me, gave way and I crumpled to the floor only a few steps from him. ‘No!’ I cried, as Markus pulled Erik’s weakened body forward and threw him to the floor with a savage punch to the ribs. 

‘You asked for it,’ growled my father. His eyes began to glow like the embers of a fire and his face was unrecognizable. 

I crawled towards Erik while Carl and Markus started fighting it out. I took his hand and he lifted his head painfully to look at me. He had a deep cut over one eye and he was bleeding profusely. His cheek was bruised and his nose broken. There was no doubt that Markus had done it. I caressed Erik’s face and he attempted a smile. I looked around for help to get him out of there. Carl was standing on top of the capsule and Markus was stretching his arms out towards him, concentrating hard. How had my father got up there? He lost his balance and for an instant I was afraid he would fall to the floor. I stifled a cry, fearing what that would mean. Luckily he was more agile than me and with a quick turn he regained his position. Markus had that vile look of superiority on his face that always made me feel nauseous. He thought he was winning and it certainly seemed that way. Erik was out of the way and it didn’t look good for my father either.

I felt a sharp pain in my chest when the crystal bubble exploded into a thousand pieces, sending my father crashing to the floor. Markus grinned and walked over to Carl’s wounded body.

‘Your sentimentality has made you weak,’ he said with disdain, looking very pleased with himself; he stood over my unconscious father’s inert body. ‘Don’t worry, your daughter is in good hands.’ He prepared himself to deliver the coup de grace with a blow to the back of the neck.

‘I wouldn’t do that if I were you.’ Luke’s deep baritone rang around the room, giving me renewed hope.

Without thinking twice, I moved my legs, launching them out towards Markus while he was distracted. My boots slammed into his shins, taking his attention away from Luke and drawing a yelp of pain. He glared angrily at me. 

‘Damn human,’ he hissed and grabbed me by the hair. 

Luke punched him on the shoulder, forcing his hand open and freeing me from the burning pain in my head. 

‘Do you want to end up like the others?’ asked the Kaelian. He seemed amused. 

Luke simply crossed his arms over his chest, fingers intertwined, and his eyes turned a cold, steely gray.  Erik’s body tensed and he struggled to his feet and stood by his brother. Markus’s smile vanished when I joined in the strange mental battle that Luke had begun. I felt the strength of their minds running through mine like an electrical charge. My eyes stung and burned at the same time. My pain and rage were being redirected in the form of energy against Markus. The Kaelian doubled up in pain, as if somebody was tearing at his stomach and scrabbling at his insides.

He fell to the floor a few yards from my father’s motionless body. Luke was the first to kneel down and check Markus’s pulse. Beth screamed from the door when the Kaelian suddenly disappeared. In a flash, I was kneeling over my unconscious father.

‘What the hell was that?’ Beth blinked in disbelief, then turned her terrified gaze on me. ‘Stella!’ She ran over and knelt next to me, throwing her trembling arms around me; the two of us melted into a hug. ‘You have no idea how afraid I was that we were too late. That idiot wouldn’t let me help. He locked me in the car, I managed to escape but it looks like there’s nothing I can do to help now.’

‘Thanks Beth, I’m so glad you’re here,’ I replied, pulling away from her a little. It was comforting to have her there, so full of vitality while the rest of us were destroyed. 

I looked at Erik: his impenetrable gaze frightened me. I didn’t have the courage to go to him. Next to him, Luke had the same look on his face. Something was wrong. Was it something to do with my father? Was he badly hurt? I leaned down and kissed his cheek for the first time since he’d come back into my life. Tears flowed down my face and onto his. 

‘Dad,’ I sobbed, ‘please don’t leave me, not again.’ My voice broke and only the sound of my weeping broke the silence. 

Somebody placed a hand on my shoulder and squeezed it gently. I looked up from my father’s lifeless body and through the tears I saw Erik’s bruised, bloodied face. His sea-blue eyes couldn’t hide his sadness.

‘We can help him,’ he said, offering me a strand of hope. I couldn’t ask with words, but my eyes did the talking for me. ‘Do you think you can redirect your mind like you did with Markus?’

‘I think so,’ I murmured, although I wasn’t at all sure. When I’d done that before, I’d just given in to my pain and anger; I didn’t know if I could do it again but I kept my doubts to myself.

‘Good,’ he said, taking my hand and turning to Luke. ‘I think we’re going to need your help; Markus has exhausted him mentally, but I think between the three of us we can bring him back.’

Luke didn’t say anything. He knelt down beside us, taking hold of my other hand. Beth squatted down behind me, not sure whether she should stay or go. 

‘Beth, go round the other side of Carl and place two fingers on his jugular. Tell us when the pulse is regular,’ said Erik firmly.

She did what she was told without hesitation; she was probably  grateful to have something to do. 

I closed my eyes tight when I began to feel the pressure of Erik and Luke’s hands on mine. A lifetime of memories of my father, both good and bad, came flooding into my mind. I wanted his dark eyes to look at me in silence once again, feel the touch of his hand on my cheek, and his warm, comforting embrace. I focussed all my energies on waking him up. I felt the same strange tingling as before flowing through every nerve ending in my body, through my skin, redirected by my head until it reached my father’s exhausted mind. Like an invisible energy bridge joining us together. Then a sudden gasp broke my concentration and I opened my eyes.

Carl was back and was looking at me in puzzlement.

‘Dad!’ I cried, throwing myself into his arms; ‘Dad, are you ok?’

‘Yes honey; I have to admit I’ve felt better, but I’m fine,’ he replied uncertainly. ‘It was strange having your thoughts in my head. I’d never seen myself that way before. I didn’t understand what you felt for him either.’ My body tensed when I heard that. Erik was standing silently behind us. I could still remember the distant, controlled look in his eyes before. ‘I think we should get out of here. Markus isn’t our biggest problem,’ said Carl, and I knew from the way he was gazing at me that he meant the illness that was eating me up inside. I looked down, embarrassed as I remembered the way I’d disappeared in the middle of the night, which was what had got us all into this mess.

‘Come on Stella.’

Erik took me by the arm and helped me up. I felt weak, much more so than before. I leaned all my weight on his battered body. The bruising on his face pained me to my soul. Luke bent down hurriedly to help Beth get my father to his feet. The five of us went outside in silence.  The tiredness was both physical and mental. Only Beth said anything from time to time, only to be met with more silence. 

We headed for Myvatn, a small town in the north of the island, hoping to spend the night in a hotel. None of us had the strength to face another night on the plane home, so my father and Erik had decided that the best thing would be to rest up and go on in the morning. 

At that moment, we couldn’t have suspected that we weren’t going on that journey tomorrow; or maybe ever.



Explanations



“You’ve got to love what’s lovable, and hate what’s hateable. It takes brains to see the difference.”

Robert Lee Frost




We were in bed, trying unsuccessfully to catch up on some sleep. We’d taken a spacious bedroom, divided into two parts. The first had twin beds, a small sofa, a TV set in a mahogany-colored cabinet and a ridiculous round table. A small shared bathroom, and another room with a double bed accessed through a dilapidated old door. That’s where Beth and I were. As was to be expected, neither the twins nor my father had wanted the double bed so Beth and I had settled in there. It wasn’t the first time we’d slept together. To be honest, I’d have preferred to share with my boyfriend; but we had to take my father into account and Erik was being very cautious, maybe too much so.

‘Are you asleep?’ asked Beth in a whisper.

‘Yes, and you should be too,’ I replied.

‘I don’t think I’ll ever sleep again.’ Exaggerating, as always. ‘Ugh! These little flies or bugs or whatever they are; they’re gross! They’re even getting into my throat!’ she hacked and coughed. 

I smiled in the darkness. This place was curious. According to what Erik had told me, Myvatn meant ‘The Lake of Flies’, and it was living up to its name. As soon as we’d arrived, black clouds of flying insects had splattered against the windshield. It was disgusting. When we got to the car park in front of the hotel, Beth and I put our jackets over our heads and sprinted inside. Even so, I could feel them buzzing all around me. It was an unpleasant sensation and by the look of it, Beth had had the same experience. She sat up, took a bottle of water and gulped down the contents before she spoke.  

‘I need to know what happened when we rescued you. Did that guy really disappear, or did I imagine it?’

I sighed deeply, pretending I was asleep; but really I was glad of the chance that Beth was offering me. I needed to talk about the day’s events too.

‘He didn’t disappear, he was teleported or something like that.’ I began to remember how Erik had explained it all to me the year before when Rudolf had disappeared. ‘They’ve got some kind of neuro-transmitter implanted, which…’

‘Maybe I’m better off not knowing,’ she cut in; ‘All this just gets more and more unbelievable. ‘If Thomas knew about it, you know how much he likes to freak people out with stories about aliens… He’d die of happiness,’ said Beth with a loud yawn.

‘Yes, I’m sure he’d be enjoying himself. Much more than us, for sure.’

‘No, I’m not talking about today. Of course he’d be enjoying himself. I mean the fact that one of his best friends, in other words you, is half-Martian.’

‘Don’t be foolish, I’m nothing of the sort.’ No sooner had I said it than I realized Beth was right and I was wrong; I just couldn’t bring myself to admit that I had Kaelian genes. ‘Well maybe; to be honest, Beth, I don’t even know what I am any more,’ I said sadly.

She hugged me from behind and said the only thing I wanted to hear right then. 

‘My best friend, that’s what you are.’

I was tired of pretending that I was simply accepting my identity. No, I didn’t like being a freak. I just wanted to be human. Or a genetically perfect, beautiful Kaelian. But I didn’t like this feeling of being neither fish nor flesh at all. Beth brought up the worst subject I could have thought of right then.

‘So what did our alien friend say to you? Do you know why he was looking for you so desperately?’

‘Because I’m the cure for his disease.’ I knew Beth had sat up and was looking at me by the way the springs in the mattress creaked. She pulled her arms away. ‘Remember all that stuff about stem cells and so on that my father was talking about during dinner that time?’

‘Yes, but I didn’t understand half of it.’

‘It doesn’t matter, the important thing is that Markus admitted that he’d found a cure that didn’t involve embryos and that they needed me to experiment on, to see how my Kaelian cells reacted to the treatment. Like in a lab, except that instead of rats, they’d use me.’ I felt the gravity of what I was saying.

An entire civilization was depending on me. At least that’s what the Kaelian had tried to make me believe. Was that really the reason why he wanted to send me to their planet? It sounded unlikely right then, lying in comfort on a hotel bed. The door opened slowly. 

‘Can I come in?’ asked Erik, standing in the doorway waiting for me to answer. 

‘Sure, come on in; but where’s my father?’ I said in a barely audible whisper.

‘He’s gone out.’ Erik came over and sat beside me on the edge of the bed. I sat up against the headboard. ‘He told me he had to go back to the base to check something. We tried to persuade him to let us go with him but he wouldn’t have it. I think I know where you got your stubbornness from.’

I smiled in the dark. I searched for his hand and took it in mine, intertwining my fingers between his. I saw part of his face in the dim light of the streetlights that peeked in through the folds in the curtains. I leaned forward to kiss him, then remembered that Beth was there beside us. How could I find a way to be alone with him without making it look like we were kicking her out?...

‘So is Luke asleep?’

‘No, he’s watching TV although he doesn’t understand a word – it’s all in Icelandic.’ He sounded surprised by my new-found interest in his brother.

‘Ah.’ I thought for a few seconds, then added, ‘Maybe he can explain to Beth what exactly happened today; I don’t think I did a very good job of it.’

‘Yes, you’re right. Luke’s the right one to let her in on all our secrets.’ He gave my hand a squeeze to let me know that he’d finally realized what I was up to. ‘Thinking about it, he asked me if I’d spoken to her. It seems he’s worried about what she thinks of us, given what happened today.’

I leaned over to peer at my friend. She was asleep, or was pretending to be; she couldn’t have fallen asleep that quickly, surely. It looked like my little ruse hadn’t worked. She didn’t move a muscle despite Erik’s immaculate lying; I’d almost believed him myself. I decided to be straight with her. After all, she was my friend, she’d understand.

‘Beth, can you leave us alone for a while? We need a little privacy.’

‘Huh! I thought you’d never ask! It was funny watching you two trying to get rid of me without telling me to my face.’ She gave a nervous little laugh. ‘I only hope Luke will enjoy the pleasure of my company.’

‘Sure he will,’ smiled Erik.

Beth jumped out of bed and rushed towards the door. She was wearing a cotton T-shirt and culottes which clung to her like a second skin. Enough to set Luke’s pulse racing, no doubt.

‘I’m giving you half an hour; use it to do something more interesting than talking. That’s all I can stand with your big-headed brother before I start throwing sharp objects at his head.’ She slammed the door.

We sat in silence staring at the shaking door. A few shards of light broke the total darkness. Erik leaned over, his face close to mine, almost touching but not quite. He held it there, a fraction of an inch away. He freed his hand to caress my cheek, running his slim fingers over my lips, which half-opened in response. My body was on fire, I felt an uncontrollable urge to melt into his arms and lose myself in the taste of his kisses. But I resisted, enjoying the fluttering of the butterflies in my stomach as his breath brushed my skin.

‘Never leave me again. I can’t take the idea of losing you,’ he whispered, then placed his lips over mine, filling my heart with life, like a sudden shot of adrenaline rushing through my veins. 

I crossed my arms around his neck and pulled him close, savouring the taste of his mouth and the scent of his skin. He ran his hands up and down my back. I lifted myself up nimbly until I was sitting on his lap and we collapsed onto the bed, driven by desire. It felt like I was floating outside my body, blissfully happy. I caressed his smooth-skinned chest, my fingers tracing the contours of every muscle. He caught his breath as his lips slipped down my shoulder. I tried to pull off his T-shirt, but the way he reacted threw me off-balance completely. He grabbed my wrist and stopped me halfway, moving away to a discreet distance from my feverish body. A lump came to my throat and I was on the verge of crying. Why was he rejecting me? Didn’t he want me? As if he could read my mind – which is probably what he was doing – he entrusted me with his greatest fear.

‘Stella, we can’t go all the way.’

‘I don’t understand; am I not good enough for you?’ I was hurting.

‘It’s not a question of good or bad. You’re the only one for me. I don’t, and I’ll never, want anybody else for the rest of my life. But that isn’t the problem. Do you remember what your father said about the…’ It took him a couple of moments to get the words out; ‘… the struggle inside you?’

‘You mean the cancer that is my human half?’

‘If you want to put it that way, yes,’ he said sadly. ‘The thing is, I can’t forgive myself for causing the deterioration in your body. And I don’t want to make it worse. Before, I didn’t know the effect your hormones might have on you; but I know now and I don’t want you to run the risk of any more damage.’

‘But you know I can’t be cured…’ He tried to interrupt me but I placed my hand over his mouth to shut him up. ‘Don’t say it, I won’t let you; don’t even mention it. It’s not negotiable: you’re not going to sacrifice yourself for me. Or do you want me to run again?’ He shook his head silently. ‘I want to be with you, and if that kills me then I’ll die happy. I hope my Kaelian cells kill off the human ones once and for all. I hate my human weakness.’ I hung my head; I knew they were harsh words, but it was true. It was what I felt.

‘Don’t say that. Your human side is very dear to me,’ he replied, caressing my face gently.

‘Well it’s killing me,’ I muttered, frustrated because I couldn’t seem to convince him.

He sighed deeply and sat next to me against the wall. He slipped his arm around my shoulders and drew me close to him. I felt better already. I couldn’t see his eyes; I couldn’t lose myself in the blue lake of his gaze, but the warmth of his body next to mine was just as comforting.

‘You’re not going to die. Not if I can help it.’



Luke was sprawled across the uncomfortable hotel sofa with his hands behind his head and his feet crossed on the arm rest. On TV they were re-running an old movie. He was watching the actors listlessly on the small screen when the noise of the bedroom door slamming caught his attention. He turned in surprise to see the only person in the world that he didn’t want to be alone with. He was doing everything he could to stay away from her and stick by his decision. But here she was in her pyjamas – or were they? – and she looked ravishing. The orange light of the small lamp on the wall highlighted her figure and threw subtle shadows on her that made her even more beautiful and accentuated the curves of her body. Luke swallowed hard. He couldn’t keep looking at her like that. He mustn’t. Every minute he spent with her had the opposite to the desired effect. He breathed in to calm himself, pretending that she was bothering him.

‘What are you watching?’ she asked, walking over to the (barely) two-seater couch. 

‘A movie. You know what that is, right? Or do I have to explain it to you?’

‘Hey! Cut that out; I’m here because I have no choice. For your information I’d rather chew manure than be here, so don’t get excited.’

Beth went to sit next to him, but Luke didn’t move a muscle, taking up the whole sofa. Without thinking twice, she took hold of his legs and lowered them to the floor. 

‘May I ask why you can’t stay where you were and have to come out here to bother me?’ he said with fake disgust.

‘Because those two want to be alone, and I didn’t have much choice in the matter. Anyway, I need you to explain to me what we’re doing here. Why Markus just vanished as if by magic; and how you managed to revive Carl, or whatever you did to him.’ She reeled off the questions as if she’d learned them by heart, shaking back her long hair. 

‘And if I do, what’s in it for me?’ he replied with a mischievous grin.

‘My thanks, and you’ll be happy with that.’ 

‘All right; after all we’ve got nothing better to do. Or have we?’ He shifted on the sofa until he was just inches from Beth’s furious face, staring at her intently.

She couldn’t answer. The words were stuck in her throat and there was no way of getting them out. A cold sweat ran up and down her spine and her head was spinning like a top. She couldn’t bear having him so close. All her barriers, so carefully constructed out of resentment and spite, were about to shatter because of those green eyes which cut her to her very soul. 

‘I’m going,’ she said, starting to get up from the couch. Luke placed a hand on her shoulder and sat her back down. 

‘Don’t go; I don’t want to be alone,’ he said, much to Beth’s surprise.

Luke couldn’t shake off the image of Stella in his brother’s arms behind that door. It was killing him, and only Beth’s company could pacify the demons that were eating him up inside. His face had changed; there was no sign of the usual hostility which characterized him. He looked calmer, sweeter. Beth felt a pang of regret in her heart for giving in to Luke so easily when her head was telling her to do the exact opposite. 

‘So are you going to tell me what happened?’ she asked again, her voice trembling. She couldn’t look at him and was trying to find an excuse for why she was frozen to the sofa and couldn’t get up and go.

‘Yes.’

He didn’t want her to leave and if explaining everything kept her there by his side then so be it; and even though he didn’t like the idea of telling her secrets about his civilization, he had no alternative.

‘Go back as far as you like and start talking,’ said an impatient Beth.

A smile lit up his face.

‘So let’s see; where do I begin?’ said Luke thoughtfully. ‘Well… We Kaelians have been here on Earth for decades. As Stella’s father told you, we need combined stem cells to develop a cure for the disease that’s threatening to wipe us out.’ Beth nodded silently, hanging on every word. ‘In order to move freely between your planet and ours we have a communications base here in Iceland, which is where we were today. Although these days we make use of other bases, in Alaska for example, the one here has fallen into disuse but is still operational. From here we can travel to our planet without raising suspicions among the humans.’

‘But lots of people say they’ve seen UFOs; was that your people?’ asked Beth, wrinkling her brow. 

‘No. We don’t travel in UFOs or in flying saucers or anything so outdated. Our ancestors did. But thanks to our research, we’ve discovered much quicker and more effective ways of travelling through space. These days we make use of the wormhole that’s opened up between Earth and Kaeliux. I don’t know if you’ve heard of them, given that your scientists have just discovered them.’ Beth shook her head, this was all gibberish to her. ‘Ok, I guess I’ll have to explain how they work; a beginner’s guide, if you like. They have at least two ‘ends’ connected by a sort of ‘tube’ which allows matter, for example us, to travel from one end to the other through this opening. All we need is a capsule like the one in the room where we found Stella. Remember?’ Beth gave the slightest of nods. ‘That’s our ‘spaceship’, for want of a better word.’

‘Wow,’ gasped Beth; this was more like an episode of Star Trek than real life.

‘I know, it can shock you at first; but you have to remember that we’re still on the threshold of discovering the Universe in all its splendor. We Kaelians are ahead of you in terms of knowledge in many ways, especially in the fields of space and quantum physics. What for you is mere theory to us is proven fact, they’re laws. That’s why we can move from galaxy to galaxy without you even noticing. But we can’t do it at will. It’s not like catching a plane. We have to use your planet’s magnetic force, for example here in Iceland, so that the portal or hole that connects us to our world is open. That’s why we have a base here.’

‘Huh. I think I preferred the UFOs.’ Luke smiled and Beth rubbed her forehead, deep in thought. ‘And what about that guy who was chasing us? Did he vanish through a wormhole?’ 

‘No,’ said Luke. ‘He teleported. He’ll be on one of our other bases being looked after by a medical team. If he survived, that is.’

‘So… he could recover and come back?’ Beth sounded terrified.

‘His mind has been badly damaged. It won’t be easy to cure him. If he does come back, he won’t be the same, believe me,’ said Luke almost proudly.

‘But you cured Stella’s father; can’t they do the same?’

‘This is different. Carl had been drained mentally by just one person. But we defeated Markus between the three of us. I’ll give you an example so you understand. Carl received a single knockout punch, but Markus is in an irreversible coma.’

Beth looked at him through half-closed eyes, trying to work out if he was pulling her leg. He looked serious. She shook her head in disbelief.

‘You’re a bunch of weirdos, you know that?’

Luke burst out laughing and, without really thinking about it, he stroked Beth’s cheek. They both fell silent at the unexpected closeness. 



‘Erik, I told you; I’m not going to let you sacrifice yourself for me,’ I said for the umpteenth time. 

But he didn’t seem to want to listen. He was adamant and nothing I could say would change his mind. We’d been arguing for some time about the only possibility of a cure for my illness: transplants of the most damaged organs from a healthy Kaelian, to prevent any future outbreaks of this kind of cancer.

‘It’s not a sacrifice. I’ve been talking to your father and he told me I had a chance of surviving the operation. I’d be weak for a while, but I might pull through.’ He was trying to sound more confident than he really was. 

‘But there is a risk that you might not survive it, and that’s something I won’t accept. If someone has to die, it’ll be me; we can’t change our fate just because we feel like it.’ It was easier for my heart to accept my own death than to consider the possibility of seeing my angel dead.

He ran his hand through my hair slowly; I half-closed my eyes, enjoying his caresses. I was tired and I didn’t want to carry on arguing. By the looks of it, neither did Erik. 

‘Let’s leave it for now, ok? We need to rest. Tomorrow’s going to be a tough day. We won’t decide anything until we’ve spoken to Carl,’ he said, finishing the conversation. I wanted to object, but my mind was already wandering between waking and sleeping. I cuddled up in his arms and we slipped under the covers; the warmth of his skin flooded through me and I gave in to the sweet unconsciousness of sleep.












































Life or death



“Don’t despair, not even over the fact that you don’t despair. Just when everything seems over with, new forces come marching up, and precisely that means that you are alive.”

Franz Kafka






I opened my eyes. I didn’t know how long I’d been asleep but I felt rested and at peace. Erik still had his arms around my shoulders and waist, and I could feel his steady breathing on the back of my neck. I moved carefully, trying not to wake him. The sun wasn’t up yet but I couldn’t sleep any more. I moved around in the dark, catching the dim shafts of weak light from the streetlights outside. I leaned over, trying to see the time on my watch on the small bedside table. It was ten in the morning. I peered at the watch again, but the hands told the same story. How could it be, when everything was still blanketed in darkness? My mind began to wake up and I remembered where I was. It was winter and we were in Iceland. I recalled what Markus had said when we’d first arrived; he’d explained that during the winter months, the place was plunged into permanent night. 

I stroked Erik’s arm to wake him. He opened his eyes a little.

‘Morning, sleepyhead.’

‘Morning, Princess.’

He reached out and switched on the lamp on his bedside table. It shed its yellowy light into every corner of the room. Erik smiled at me, his sky-blue eyes contrasting with the darkness outside. My body turned to jelly under his gaze. 

‘Did you sleep well?’ he whispered, kissing my forehead gently.

‘Yes; it was one of the best nights I’ve ever had,’ I replied, knowing it was true.

‘I completely agree.’

‘By the way, it’s ten in the morning. Isn’t it a bit strange that my father hasn’t come back yet?’

‘Yes, it is strange.’ I didn’t like the way his face darkened. ‘I’ll go and ask Luke, see if he knows something.’

Luke. I’d forgotten about him and Beth. She’d said she was coming back in half an hour but hadn’t shown up. 

‘I’ll come with you.’

I jumped up and followed Erik to find his brother and my friend. We opened the door and the scene that greeted us was harder to understand than a surrealist painting.

Beth and Luke were asleep on the little sofa and the beds were untouched. My friend was lying against Luke’s chest and he had his arms wrapped around her. Both were sleeping soundly. I was surprised by the relaxed look on his face: you might even say he looked happy. For the first time, I was glad they’d found each other. 

Erik took my hand and led me to the center of the room. He let go and found the light switch next to the front door. The room filled with light, perhaps too bright. Much more than the gentle light of the wall lamps. I squinted to get used to it and heard groans from the sofa. Luke and Beth had woken up.

‘God, turn that light off! What is this, some kind of torture?’ moaned Beth, stretching.

She looked even more surprised than me when she realized who she’d been sleeping with all night. She jumped up and staggered, as if someone had pushed her. Luke placed his arm over his eyes, shielding them from the light. 

‘Ohhh… I’ve got aches everywhere. Next time you want to use me as a mattress we’ll find a nice big bed,’ he said to Beth, who was still looking at him as if she’d seen a ghost.

‘There won’t be a next time,’ she replied, obviously uncomfortable with the situation.

‘What time is it?’ he asked with a smile, turning to us and ignoring what Beth had said.

He seemed relaxed and unworried, as if spending the night with my friend in his arms was the most normal thing in the world.

‘Ten a.m.’ said Erik.

‘Wow; we’ve overslept. Where’s Carl?’ he asked, looking around.

‘I was going to ask you the same thing. You haven’t heard from him? He didn’t try to contact you?’

‘No, but he should have been back by now,’ said Luke. A wave of anxiety hit me. We didn’t know where my father was or when he was coming back. What if he never came back? Fear gripped me, making it difficult to breathe.

‘But he told you that he was going to check something; didn’t he say when he’d be coming back?’ I asked.

‘No,’ replied Erik, coming over and putting his arms around me tenderly. It seemed that he wanted to comfort me, as if he was taking it for granted that something bad had happened to him. I looked at him pleadingly, looking for answers in his sky-blue eyes.

‘But he is coming back, isn’t he?’

‘Sure he is,’ he answered quickly.

Too quickly. Luke didn’t seem to have the same opinion as his brother and said as much with his typical subtlety.

‘I wouldn’t be too sure. What if there was someone at the base when he went back? They might have taken him prisoner. They’re bound to have heard about what we did to Markus on other bases by now.’

‘But it wasn’t him!’ I cried in fear. ‘It was us! My father was unconscious. They can’t blame him for something he didn’t do!’ I said, barely pausing for breath.

‘But they can blame him if he takes the rap for us keeping you hidden,’ said Erik, making me tremble like a leaf in a storm.

I covered my face with my hands, hiding the tears that were streaming down my pallid cheeks. Beth came over and joined in Erik’s hug. 

‘It’ll be ok, he’ll be back soon. He’s too smart to let himself get caught,’ she whispered. She pulled away a little to talk to the twins. ‘After all we’ve been through, you should have more faith in Carl’s abilities as an escape artist. He’s a master at it. He’ll be back, I know he will.’

Beth must have been some kind of clairvoyant, because just then the door opened and a bruised but smiling Carl appeared. I tore myself away from Beth and Erik’s embrace and ran to him, melting into the warmth of his body. The part of me that had been paralyzed by fear came alive again.

‘I thought you weren’t coming back,’ I sobbed.

‘You underestimate my, my dear; I’m not so easy to get rid of,’ he replied, walking towards the center of the room, one arm around my waist.

‘It was reckless of you not to let us go with you,’ chided Erik.

‘Better not talk of taking needless risks; when it comes to that, you two win first prize,’ threatened Carl. ‘If it wasn’t for you interfering in my daughter’s life, none of this would be happening.’

Erik’s eyes darkened, becoming deep and murky. This conversation was heading down a rocky road.

‘I don’t want to be rude, but it was you who fathered Stella, so don’t come to us with sermons about morality,’ countered Erik, coming over and pulling me by the hand. 

‘I’ve spent my whole life trying to protect her to make up for my mistake, which by the way I don’t regret one little bit. I love Stella - and her mother - more than anything else in the world and all you’ve done is put her in constant danger,’ said Carl, the tone of his voice rising.

I tried to free myself from my father’s grasp but it was no good; his arm was clamped around my waist and he wouldn’t let me go even though Erik was still tugging at my hand.

‘Well you didn’t make a very good job of it when I was about to seduce her and use her like any other human girl. You should be thankful that it was me and not somebody else who found Stella. It was only a matter of time before someone went after her. And you know how she’d have ended up,’ said Erik, showing his dark, calculating, Kaelian side.

I felt a pain in my heart. I felt like a mere object that they were fighting over. Didn’t they realize that I was right there, and that their words were tearing my soul to shreds? I felt my shoulder burning, the one that had been dislocated before, and a searing pain in my temple. Erik’s cries became distant murmurs and something like my father’s voice kept mumbling my name. There were a few moments of confusion. Then everything faded into a pleasant silence which flooded me with peace even though I couldn’t see or feel anyone around me.





























Painful solution




“You have to know what you want; when you want it, you must have the courage to say it, and when you say it, we must have the courage to carry it out.”

Georges Benjamin Clemenceau







I wasn’t aware of anything that was going on around me, except for brief moments when reality flashed before my eyes. I heard my angel’s voice, anxious and weak, calling me from a distance. Then it was my father’s turn to call my name. My eyes were open, but my brain couldn’t take in what I was seeing. If there is a limbo, that’s where I was. Lost in an uncertain place between reality and dreams. Darkness washed over me without warning and plunged me back into a death-like coma where all consciousness vanished and I no longer existed. My body floated weightlessly, far from the ground, far from anything earthly. I don’t know how long I was there, debating between life and death. But when I opened my eyes yet again, returning from one of those inner voyages, my dilated pupils saw my worst nightmare.

Erik was lying next to me. We were holding hands, as they hung suspended in the space between the two beds. Intense, round lights shone cold and bright. I turned my head and saw a grey room, the walls painted green up to half-height. Shiny metal tables with scary-looking instruments on them were scattered around the room. It was like being trapped in a horror movie. I’d never been in a place like that, but it reminded me of the operating theatres I’d seen on TV. A shiver ran right through me and my teeth started chattering. I looked over at my angel, looking for answers. I wet my lips and tried to speak. My mouth was pasty, as if I’d eaten a pound of marzipan and couldn’t swallow it. My voice was a pitiful whine.

‘Erik…’ was all I could muster.

‘Hello my love. Don’t cry,’ he whispered, running his fingers tenderly over my cheek, catching my tears as they fell down my face. I hadn’t even realized I was crying. ‘Don’t worry, it’ll all be over soon; you’ll be well again and we’ll be together forever.’

I wanted to tell him I’d never be well if my life was saved in exchange for his. No, that could never happen. My heart cried out in desperation but no sound escaped from my lips. I tried to get up, get out of the operating theatre and never come back. My hands and feet moved weakly and I realized I was tied to the bed. 

The door opened and I saw my father’s masked face, his eyes full of sadness and regret. He looked like just another doctor in his green gown and gloves on his hands; but I knew this wasn’t just another operation. They were going to take the life from my angel and give it to me. I squeezed Erik’s hand hard in a desperate attempt to tell him not to do it. Carl placed a mask over my nose and mouth, sending me into an unwilling artificial sleep; his dark eyes were the last thing I saw.



Luke paced up and down, as he always did when his nerves got the better of him. How could he have such a stupid brother? He didn’t believe what Carl had said. He didn’t believe that the only solution to Stella’s problem was to sacrifice Erik. There had to be another way. He racked his brains looking for an answer that would shed some light through the tangle of thoughts that were eating away at him. There was no time to lose. In a few hours his brother would be history. 

Beth followed in Luke’s footsteps. She looked like a cat chasing a ball of wool. She couldn’t believe what was happening on the other side of those doors either. What Erik was about to do for Stella, give his life for her, seemed to Beth to be the most romantic, the most selfless act she’d ever heard of. Would she do the same for Luke? Was her love that strong? She shook her head, trying to get rid of the torrent of foolishness that was assaulting her mind. She had to find a solution to stop the operation going ahead, like Luke had said.

All these thoughts were running through Beth’s head when suddenly Luke stopped, sending her crashing into his muscular back, making her gasp.

‘Ow!’

‘Stop following me around! Sit down, or bang your head against the wall, I don’t care; just stop it, you’re getting on my nerves!’ he barked, turning to look at her angrily.

‘Don’t take it out on me because you can’t find a solution; I’m just trying to think, like you,’ replied Beth, hands on hips, on the defensive.

‘Just so you know, I’m seriously considering controlling your mind and sending you to sleep for a while so you leave me alone…’

Something clicked in Beth’s head and her face lit up. She grabbed Luke’s hand and dragged him with her. They couldn’t waste any more time; they had to stop the operation.

‘Wh-what are you doing?’ stammered Luke, trying to free his hand instinctively.

‘I’ve got it! I know how we can save Stella!’ She kept pulling Luke along and the words poured out of her mouth like a rushing torrent. She wanted to explain as quickly as possible all the things she had in her head. ‘Stella told me that Markus didn’t want to take her with him to slit her open, like her father thought. His idea was more like using her as a guinea pig by giving her an experimental medication that the boffins on your planet have come up with, using the stem cells supplied by people like you thanks to your dirty deeds here on Earth; they’re certain this disease of yours can be cured that way.’ Beth saw the look of confusion on Luke’s face.

‘Don’t you remember me saying last night that Carl was wrong about Markus’s intentions?’

‘I remember something, but I don’t see where you’re going with this,’ said Luke, finally freeing his hand and stopping the march towards the operating theatre.

‘Don’t you see?! God, you’re so slow off the mark! And you’re supposed to be the super-intelligent Martian and I’m the dumb little human! Huh!’ she gasped, stopping dead in her tracks. ‘All right, I’ll explain it better but we have to move fast.’ She took his hand again and pulled him after her, her hazel eyes gazing into his green sea. ‘That experimental treatment might work on Stella, don’t you see? We can’t lose anything by trying. Quite the opposite; we might prevent your brother from getting hacked to pieces. Think about it, if that medication can eliminate this kind of leukaemia you have, why can’t it work on Stella’s cancer? Admit it, it’s not so far-fetched!’ She sounded triumphant. 

‘You’re right,’ said Luke thoughtfully, running his hand through his shock of red hair. His face began to brighten and there was a new light in his eyes. ‘Yes, it might work. Carl doesn’t know that treatment exists, none of us did.’ He took Beth by the neck and kissed her passionately, leaving her breathless. ‘Thank you, you’re amazing!’

With that he began to trot, then run towards the operating theatre; if he didn’t miss his guess, the procedure would be about to start. 

He flung the doors open just as Carl was placing the scalpel against Erik’s smooth skin. 

‘NO! Stop!’ he yelled. He ran over and grasped him by the wrist to prevent him making the incision. 

‘What the hell are you doing? Have you lost your mind? I can’t delay the operation any longer.’

‘There’s another way, but we have to wake Stella; she’s the only one who knows what I’m talking about,’ said Luke; doubt began to show on Carl’s face.

‘I will not risk my daughter’s life again,’ he replied sharply, wrenching his hand from Luke’s grasp. 

‘Didn’t you hear what I said? We can save Stella’s life without sacrificing Erik’s; you just have to wake her up and listen to what Markus told her. They’ve found a cure for our illness and it might save Stella too,’ he said in desperation.

‘I won’t believe any more of your lies.’

Luke threw himself at him, sending them both tumbling to the cold floor where they rolled around, struggling. Erik and Stella were anaesthetized, side by side on their beds. Unaware of the fighting. If Carl didn’t want it the easy way, it would have to be the hard way. Luke had him pinned down and was sinking his fingers into his neck as if his skin was butter. Then Carl raised the scalpel and inflicted a well-aimed cut on the arm that was holding him down. Luke stifled a scream of pain, but was forced to let him go. Carl stood up, threatening him with the improvised weapon. The blade came dangerously close to Luke’s heart, and his dark eyes began to take control of Luke’s mind. The scalpel was just brushing against Luke’s chest when something heavy struck the back of his head and he crashed to the floor, unconscious.

Beth knelt next to Luke; her face was pale and she had tears in her eyes.

‘Are you alive? God, I was so scared! I thought he was going to kill you!’

‘He wouldn’t have killed me; he was just trying to scare me,’ replied Luke, trying to make light of it and feeling a little uncomfortable that it had been Beth of all people who had saved him. ‘What did you hit him with? It’s not easy to knock out a Kaelian.’

‘One of those oxygen cylinders over there, behind him. I just rolled it out. You’ve no idea how heavy they are! And with this thing as well…’ she said, lifting the arm with the plaster cast on it, ‘It took a bit of effort, but I did ok, didn’t I?’ Beth’s fear was giving way to relief and pride in what she’d done. 

‘Not bad for someone like you,’ said Luke, standing up. ‘I think we ought to wake them up.’ His balance went and he almost fell. Luckily – again – she’d slipped herself under his arm and was able to steady him. 

‘You’d better sit down. You look awful. Anyway, they’re out of it thanks to the anaesthesia he gave them,’ she said, nodding at the couple lying next to her. ‘You’re in a worse state right now,’ she added, making him sit down. 

Luke gave in. He sat against the wall while Beth fished around in a glass cabinet. She came back with a couple of rolls of bandages. She fixed him up gently and expertly, caressing his skin while she tended his wounds. 

They decided to tie Carl to one of the chairs the Kaelians used for their experiments, securing his arms and feet in case he tried to attack them again before they had a chance to explain things. They removed the masks that were keeping Erik and Stella anesthetised and sat down to wait for them to wake up. They sat quietly for a time until Luke broke the silence.

‘As a nurse you’re not bad,’ he said with a half-smile. He’d got his strength back and was regaining his self-control, luckily.

‘I’m not “bad” at anything,’ replied Beth absent-mindedly, fiddling with her hair.

‘That remains to be seen, you’ll have to show me,’ flirted Luke. Beth raised an eyebrow.

‘Keep dreaming, Sonny Jim. That ship already sailed. By the way, don’t ever kiss me like that again,’ she warned, coming right up into Luke’s face. He looked unperturbed, expressionless.

‘But you’re dying for me to kiss you.’ He leaned forward to within a couple of inches of her lips but without touching.

Beth’s face changed in an instant; there was no trace of mischief or sarcasm left, only pain. She stepped back like a scalded cat.

‘You can’t keep playing games with me like that. You hurt me, you know that? And it was you who made it quite clear that there was nothing between us.’

‘Maybe I was wrong,’ breathed Luke much to Beth’s surprise.

‘Explain it to me.’

‘Every day is torture for me because I can’t stop thinking about you; and when night comes, all I dream about is you. Do you need any more explanations?’ he blurted out. His eyes blazed and Beth felt his searing gaze.

‘I thought Stella…’ she said weakly, not wanting to believe what he was saying.

‘Stella has nothing to do with this. This is between me and you.’

‘I don’t believe you,’ said Beth; but she didn’t sound too convincing. ‘I’m not going to fall for your dirty tricks any more, so quit spouting phrases out of romantic novels, that stuff might work with Stella but not with me. In any case it doesn’t sound right coming from you.’

A fleeting look of pain passed over Luke’s face, much though he tried to hide it, as if Beth’s words were clawing at his heart. He was about to say something when Erik woke up, disoriented and shaken. 

‘Where’s Stella?’ were the first words he uttered when he’d recovered consciousness fully.

‘Right beside you,’ said Luke. ‘She should be coming round any moment.’

Carl began to groan at the other end of the room.

‘Shouldn’t we be in the recovery room?’ asked Erik, recognizing the cold operating theatre and looking distrustfully at Carl who was still tied to the chair a good way away. ‘Luke, please just tell me what’s going on.’

‘It’s pretty easy to understand. There was no operation so it’d be illogical to take you to the recovery room when there’s nothing to recover from,’ said Beth, jumping Luke’s gun and going over to Stella, who was beginning to stir.

‘What do you mean, no operation?’ He sounded alarmed.

‘Because we found a better solution.’ The Kaelian’s face was a picture of incomprehension. Luke decided to add something else before his brother leapt at him like a rabid dog for preventing him from sacrificing his life for Stella’s. ‘You’ll soon find out. Just wait a second, Stella’s waking up and she can give us answers better than anybody.’

‘Can somebody untie me please? If this is a practical joke, it’s in very poor taste,’ snorted Carl from the other side of the theatre.

Beth ran over to him.

‘You were about to skewer Luke with a scalpel. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you that hard but I had no choice. You had to calm down so we could wake these two. I’m not untying you yet, at least until we hear what Stella has to say.’

‘But she’s very ill, we can’t wait…’ he whispered sadly, knowing they didn’t have much time.



I woke up from the sweet dream that had held me captive for some time. I saw the same bright lights above my head. I tried to sit up too quickly and instantly felt dizzy, as if I was on a boat at the mercy of the waves.

‘Erik,’ I murmured, looking around.

‘I’m here,’ he answered, leaning over towards me.

‘What happened? Are you ok?’

‘I’m fine. How do you feel? Do you have a headache? Feel dizzy?’ He looked calm enough, but the worry in his voice gave him away. 

‘I think I’m all right; just a bit confused. Have you recovered from the operation?’ I was amazed he looked so well.

‘There was no operation.’

‘Thank God!’ I exclaimed, grateful that they’d finally listened to me and Erik was in one piece and, most importantly, alive.

He slipped his hands under my back and helped me to sit up. I felt tremendously tired and weak.

‘I don’t want to pester you, but we need you to tell us something,’ said Luke, coming over. 

I nodded as I couldn’t manage anything else.

‘Beth told us about the treatment they’ve developed back on my planet and that Markus wanted to use on you to test its effectiveness.’ Luke’s voice sounded sweeter than normal.

I must have looked awful for him to be that nice to me.

‘Yes, he told me that they’ve found the cure for your genetic illness. They’ve been experimenting on humans but they don’t last long under treatment, so I was their best option; after all, I have Kaelian cells so I might be of use in seeing what effect the treatment would have on you.’ I spoke without emotion, like I was reciting the Periodic Table. 

‘Beth and I reached the conclusion that if it works on our leukaemia, it could work on your cancer as well.’

‘It won’t work!’ growled Carl, trying to wriggle free. ‘Her human side won’t survive the treatment, I won’t allow it!’

‘Erik, what do you think? Could it work?’ I asked, taking no notice of my father and eager to hear my boyfriend’s opinion. Up to now he’d been unusually quiet. I’d pin my hopes on any solution that didn’t involve cutting him open.

‘It’s possible. According to your father, the Kaelian cells are attacking the human ones; maybe if we manage to immunize them…I don’t know, I’d need more data about the treatment.’

He was gazing into the distance, as if the answer lay in a crack in the wall. I was longing to find more reassurance in his sea-blue eyes than I could in what he was saying.

‘I want to do it,’ I said; Beth ran over and threw her arms around me. 

‘Of course you do! That’s my brave girl!’ she cried, embarrassing me for a moment.

‘But there’s a problem,’ I added, worried that I was about to dash Beth’s hopes. ‘I’m here and the cure is I don’t know how many light years from Earth.’

‘So let’s not waste any more time,’ said Erik, helping me to my feet. ‘We have to go to Kaeliux ASAP.’

‘Are you telling me we’re going to your planet?’ I asked incredulously.

‘Yes. But we need authorization from a high-ranking Kaelian to use the link.

All four of us turned to Carl. He was the only one who could help us. 

‘You don’t know what you’re saying. You don’t just get to Kaeliux and walk in. You’ll get to the other side of the portal with a half-human in tow and no reasonable excuse for it. It won’t work.’

‘So help us,’ I pleaded, leaning against Erik for support. ‘Dad, I need your support. Trust me, please. Help us and everything will turn out fine,’ I said while Luke untied him; he looked at me with sad eyes full of tears he hadn’t cried.

He walked over to me with that elegance and poise that I was surprised to see coming from my father.

‘Stella, I can’t let you commit suicide. I’m sorry, the answer is no.’

‘Ok, so we’ll find another way,’ said Erik defiantly.

We started walking out. My father didn’t react at all. He stood still, watching us leave, not trying to stop us, downhearted at my decision. I turned my face away; it was too painful for me. I looked straight ahead; Erik was holding me so tightly that my feet were barely touching the floor, brushing over it like a ballerina. Beth and Luke followed behind wordlessly. Once we were outside and in the warmth of the hire car, a welcome contrast to the bitter cold, Luke broke the silence. 

‘It’s a good idea,’ he whispered, in answer to some shared thought.

‘What is?’ Beth and I asked in unison.

‘To talk to Jeff,’ tutted Luke, as if it should have been obvious.

‘I think he’d be willing to help us,’ said Erik.

‘But isn’t he a renegade?’ I didn’t want to be a wet blanket, but I couldn’t see the sense in what he was saying.

‘Yes, but he has contacts. Or do you think he spent the last fifty years hunting and fishing, like a human would do? Jeff’s a renegade because he said what others didn’t even dare to think. But he carried on with his research. Science is his life and some of his mission companions, who are still here on Earth, help him out from time to time to get materials or whatever he needs,’ explained Luke.

‘Wow, skeletons in closets everywhere, huh?’ said Beth with a hint of irony; ‘By the look of things you people aren’t as dopey as I thought. Smuggling? Among our perfect little aliens? I knew all that perfection razz was just a farce.’

‘You’re much prettier with your mouth shut.’ There was contempt in Luke’s voice and he didn’t even bother to look at her.

‘Let’s not go there again, ok?’ said Erik firmly, handling the car deftly over gravel and ice.

They both fell quiet, but repressed anger was written all over their faces. This argument wasn’t over yet, they’d just put it off. We’d left the center of the island without really knowing where we were going, and we needed to decide what we were going to do before we chose a destination. So, for the moment, we were driving through the middle of nowhere, on our way to nowhere.

‘We have to call Jeff and tell him to come,’ said Erik, picking up where we’d left off. He slipped his hand onto mine and squeezed it gently, as if he wanted to reassure me.

‘But my father won’t let him,’ I said sadly.

I’d asked Carl to help me, to trust me; but it was no use. I knew he’d do everything in his power to prevent me from turning up on his planet and messing around with experimental treatments. I felt the disappointment like a great weight pressing down on my shoulders, like a millstone round my neck. I’d found my father only to lose him again, along with all my hopes. Erik could feel my uneasiness. He pulled over and stopped at the side of the road. Darkness covered everything. Only the headlights shone, two beams illuminating the outside. This perpetual night-time was madness. Unfortunately – and unusually – for me, being close to my angel wasn’t cheering me up at all. Not even when he took my face in his hands to make me look at him.

‘Stella, give him time. He’s spent his whole life keeping you hidden, and what you’re asking him to do is more than he can handle. But Carl is very smart and he’ll realize his mistake.’

I nodded, swallowing the lump that had begun to form in my throat. I was about to burst into tears, but I had to be strong. That was the only way to save me, at least the only way I could see working, and my father would have to accept it sooner or later. 

Erik took out a cell phone from his jacket pocket and quickly dialed a number. 

‘Hi Jeff,’ he said, then there was a pause for a few seconds. ‘Yes, ok, but something’s happened and we need your help. Jeff? Can you hear me?’ He turned to me and gestured that he was going outside to hear better.

I nodded and he threw the door open, the chill breeze sucking all the warmth out of the car. I shivered with cold until the door closed behind my angel. I saw his hair blown by the wind, like a wheat field in a gale, until the darkness swallowed him up. My whole future depended on that call. I felt a tingling start in my stomach and travel up and down my throat. I was being eaten alive inside by nerves, like a worm in an apple.



















Contact



“In all human affairs one notices, if one examines them closely, that it is impossible to remove one inconvenience without another emerging.”

Niccolo Machiavelli





The three of us sat in silence, waiting for news from Erik. He was still talking on the phone under the blanket of cold that enveloped the car. I turned to Beth and she gave me a weary smile. I decided that a little light conversation would make things easier. 

‘Have you spoken with your folks?’ I asked with a smile.

‘I left a voicemail with both of them. I guess they’re too busy to answer.’

She didn’t look disappointed or depressed, simply tired. Beth’s relationship with her parents since they’d decided to split up the year before had gotten worse and worse until they’d reached the point where they found themselves now. Like perfect strangers. I was sorry things had gone that way, but Beth felt that distancing herself from them would be less painful. I didn’t agree, but it was her life, not mine. So I was there for her when she was down, but that was all.

‘Maybe we should speak to the Rector at the University. You haven’t been to class for days,’ I said to prolong the conversation, seeing as Erik was pacing up and down with the phone stuck to his ear.

‘Who cares about school? My parents know I’m away and yours are mixed up in all this too. Who cares what the Rector thinks?’ She was right.

The anxiety was killing me; that phone call was dragging on forever and I couldn’t take any more. I turned to Luke. He’d kept out of the conversation and was sitting with his head against the head-rest, eyes closed, pretending to be asleep although he clearly wasn’t. 

‘Luke, why don’t you go outside and find out what’s going on? It seems to me that the conversation with Jeff is taking too long,’ I said, intertwining my fingers.

‘And you reckon if I go out there I’m going to speed things up? Erik knows what he’s doing, relax.’ He didn’t move a muscle. He didn’t even open his eyes.

I looked at Beth with a mixture of anger and impotence. She could see from my face what I wanted her to do. She gave his chest a resounding slap which finally made him react. He looked at both of us in turn with his intense green eyes.

‘You two want to leave me alone?!’

‘Luke please,’ I begged; ‘go outside and see how things are going, then come back and tell us.’

‘No way. I’ll freeze to death.’

‘All right, I’ll go. Seeing as little girlie here is afraid of the dark,’ answered Beth, doing up the zipper on her jacket and preparing to open the door. 

Luke grabbed her arm and stopped her from grasping the handle. He looked at her angrily.

‘I’ll go. Happy now?’

‘Uninterested, more like. If you’re not out of here in three seconds, I’ll go.’

Luke got out mumbling something; another cold blast of air set me shivering again. 

‘Would you really have gone? It must be Absolute Zero out there,’ I asked in disbelief.

‘Of course not. Haven’t you realized yet that if you want this guy to do something, you have to ask him to do the opposite?’

‘I hadn’t thought.’

‘For a distant descendent of ET, you’re still a bit wet behind the ears,’ said Beth, shaking her head.

‘Quiet, they’re coming back,’ I breathed as the car doors opened. 

Erik got in and so did a halo of cold air around him. He blew on his hands, trying to warm them up. I leaned over to hug him.

‘You’re frozen,’ I said, concerned at the redness of his face.

‘It’s much too cold to go for dumb little walks like that,’ answered Luke, his voice trembling. ‘You made me go out there to freeze to death for nothing. Erik was just coming back anyway.’

‘Well, that way you can cool down that hot little head of yours,’ chirped Beth, making me smile.

I decided to ignore the argument that was going to start in the back of the car and concentrate on what Erik had to say.

‘What did Jeff say? Is he going to help us?’

‘Yes, he’s going to contact a Kaelian that he’s kept in touch with. He’ll help us.’

‘I don’t know if…’ He didn’t let me finish.

‘You have to stop worrying. If Jeff says he’ll help us, he will. Trust me,’ he said, looking at me sadly.

‘I trust you. Nobody else.’ And I really meant it from the depths of my heart.

‘Wow, thanks for including me out,’ said Luke.

‘You know very well I’m talking about Jeff, not you. You’re pretty thin-skinned lately, aren’t you?’

He replied with a grunt that was half annoyance, half acceptance. Beth stuck her head in the gap between the two front seats.

‘So what do we do now? Do we sit here till we freeze to death or do we go somewhere nice and warm where taking a breath doesn’t mean stalactites growing in our lungs?’ she asked, tossing her hair back. 

‘We have to go back to the base. Our contact will be there waiting for us,’ answered Erik to reassure her. He fired up the car and we began to drive back the way we came. ‘Jeff said he’d tell him to come and help us.’

‘But what about Carl? He’s bound to be there,’ Luke pointed out.

My heart shrank when I heard my father’s name. I didn’t know if I could face him again and see the disappointment in his eyes.

‘We’ll have to distract him somehow,’ said Erik, turning to me.

By the look of it, I was going to be the distraction. I began to get more anxious by the second, taking root in my stomach when I thought of facing him and telling him again that I wasn’t going to listen to his advice, however much he might beg and plead. My determination was fading fast just imagining the scene.

‘Don’t ask me to do it, I can’t,’ I whispered sadly.

‘I’ll do it,’ said Beth, suddenly rejoining the conversation. ‘I’ll make something up, like you’ve had an accident and you’re in a serious condition or whatever; just to get him out of there so you can do what you want, go where you want. After all, I very much doubt that you want to take me through space with you,’ she said, trying to sound like she wasn’t really interested. You could tell from a mile away that she was dying to come with us.

‘Good idea,’ agreed Luke. ‘As you say, you’re not coming with us.’

‘Why not?’ I asked, surprised at myself.

Until then I hadn’t stopped to think how much I needed some kind of nexus with my old, ordinary human life. A bridge, if you like. And Beth was the one who kept me close to reality; to what had been my reality up to now. It wouldn’t have entered my head to leave without her. It was madly selfish of me, but I wasn’t going to abandon her.

‘Stella, it’s not that we don’t want her to come with us, it’s that we can’t allow it. She’s human, she has no right just to be on Kaeliux,’ explained Erik, turning me to stone.

‘Excuse me? I think you lost me there. So… you people can come here, deceive humans, use them for your own selfish purposes; and she can’t come with us to Kaeliux precisely for being human?!’ I scoffed. I could tell by the tension and the clenched muscles in Erik’s jaw that he didn’t like my little tirade at all. ‘I’m sorry, but I just don’t understand it.’

Luke jumped in before Erik could answer. He made the rules very clear. Whether I liked it or not.

‘You have no idea what you’re saying. Do you think we’re not letting her come just because we want it that way? Her life, all our lives especially yours, depend on not being noticed. By anybody. Do you think that would be possible with Bigmouth here?’

Beth snorted her disagreement and I couldn’t find an answer. It was true my friend was difficult to control. I rummaged through my thoughts, trying to find a way for Erik to back me up.

He parked the car behind a stack of volcanic rocks a few yards from the entrance to the base, the same place we’d set out from a few hours earlier. A twinge in my stomach warned me that I was about to see my father. Beth got out first.

‘Wait here for a few minutes; I’ll go on ahead and try to convince him that you’re lying half-dead on the road somewhere.’

She ran off before I could say anything, lighting her way with a small flashlight. The darkness swallowed her up, as if she’d disappeared into a black hole.

The minutes dragged by. I was being eaten alive by nerves at the thought of what I was about to do. I was about to leave my home, my planet, to go to a totally different place with strange people and with no idea what was going to happen when we got there. Would the cure really work or would it end up killing me, as Markus had insinuated? I rubbed my temples. This wasn’t the time to let doubt and fear make a coward of me. I’d made a decision and I’d have to live with it. To the death, if necessary.

‘I think we can get out now,’ said Erik, bringing me back to reality. 

I nodded my head, unable to speak. Luke was already outside waiting for us. We headed cautiously for the entrance. My decision looked more and more dangerous to me.

Luke went ahead, signalling for us to follow him. Erik took my hand firmly and shielded me behind him. All these precautions just jangled my nerves and made my stomach turn somersaults. We went into the cold building. I gave a start when the bright fluorescent lighting came on automatically as we walked on. I had to cover my mouth to stifle a scream. If my Kaelian cells didn’t finish me off, all this tension would. Luke turned into a narrow corridor that I recognised at once. It was the same one we’d come down before, but now we were retracing our steps. He stopped in front of the metal door that separated us from our contact. Inside, supposedly, was the person who was going to change my life forever. 

Erik walked forward a few paces when Luke opened the door.

‘Change of plans, boys,’ I heard Beth say, stopping my heart for a few seconds.

‘What’s he doing here?’ asked Erik, without giving us time to react.

‘I’m your contact,’ said my father with a nostalgic smile.

‘You?!’ said Luke in disbelief, turning to Erik with a puzzled look on his face. ‘But Jeff said…’

‘Jeff told you the truth; I’m going to help you,’ said my father. When I heard his voice I walked forward until I stood facing him.

‘Are you really going to?’ I asked in desperation.

‘Yes.’ He raised his arms towards me. I didn’t hesitate for a second and ran to him, feeling his familiar warm embrace.

‘What made you change your mind?’ asked Erik with some urgency. His tone of voice made it clear that he wasn’t at all sure my father was really going to help us.

‘Jeff called me after he’d spoken to you,’ said Carl. ‘He knew I’d listen to him. And I have to say that the solution he suggested, although I don’t agree with it, is feasible and might just work.’ 

‘You mean going to Kaeliux?’ I whispered, pulling away slightly to look into his brown eyes, so like mine. 

‘Partly,’ he said mysteriously. ‘Let’s go to the Conference Room; we can all sit down and I’ll explain everything.’

‘Hey, are any more of your people coming here?’ asked Beth, looking around nervously.

‘No, this base was abandoned years ago. It’s only used in emergencies, or for things that fall outside the law, shall we say. That’s why Markus brought Stella here. He had a portal to our planet but without being seen by our people,’ explained Carl.

‘But why did Markus not want them to know what he was going to do with me?’ I asked as we walked to another room, a little larger than the previous one. In the middle there was an oval table with a glass top and steel legs, surrounded by comfortable leather chairs. 

‘Markus has always been somewhat ambitious. You know that on our planet we don’t show our emotions, and that’s fine; we lead peaceful lives. But when we come here and have years of contact with humans, many of us give in to the desires that we’ve been repressing for so long. Some of us,’ he said, nodding in Erik’s direction as an example of what he was about to say, ‘are overwhelmed by positive, pleasing feelings that make us better people; but others, like Markus, give themselves over to darker inclinations. The lust for power, recognition and so on. I can assure you that I knew Markus well when we first came here and from the very beginning he began to show signs that he was going down the wrong path. Did you know that he was obsessed with your mother?’ That was like a bucket of ice water over my head. ‘It was only a matter of time before he found a way to hurt us; and at the same time boast about his great discovery, in other words you, in front of the Kaelian Council. Luckily, he didn’t succeed.’

We sat around the table; Erik to my right and Carl to my left. Luke sat next to his brother and Beth went all the way around the table to sit next to my father, as far away as possible from Luke.

‘Ok, I think I’d better explain to you all what we’re going to do.’

‘Yes, that might be an idea,’ said Luke suspiciously.

My father ignored Luke’s sarcasm and began.

‘I agree with the idea of treating Stella, but I don’t know if it’s totally reliable. I want to make sure of that first so I’m not going to let you go to Kaeliux.’

‘So how do you propose to help us?’ asked Erik, obviously upset. ‘I knew this was just another of your little games.’

‘I’m going,’ he replied, as if it was the greatest decision ever made. ‘Jeff offered to come with me, but logically I refused. He’s a renegade and if I take him to Kaeliux it might be a problem for me. I have a good reputation among our people and I need to convince the Council to try the treatment out on Kaelians living on Earth without raising suspicions. It’s the only way to test the treatment and keep you under the radar,’ he said finally, placing his hand on mine to give me hope and reassurance, two things that I lacked totally right then. ‘You must admit that you have no idea where to get this treatment; you’re still very young and know nothing about diplomacy.’

Luke growled and Erik tensed. Obviously my father’s words rang truer than either of them wanted to admit. They didn’t say anything, but I could see it in their eyes.

‘What if they find you out?’ I asked, terrified. ‘It didn’t take Markus long to get to the truth; and what if they’ve managed to heal him and he’s told them everything he knows?’

‘Impossible,’ said Erik firmly. He looked much more relaxed than a few minutes ago. ‘No mind could have survived that discharge of energy. Markus can’t do anything, you can be sure of that.’

‘In any case, remember that they think I’m still investigating a cure for our condition. That’s the reason why I’m stationed here on Earth. It’s only logical that I should ask them for the medication.’

Something deep in my heart told me that it couldn’t possibly be that easy. I heard that familiar, quiet little voice in my head telling me that it wasn’t all said and done quite yet. When one problem was solved, another one was bound to crop up; I’d learned that much this last year. When Carl got up to speak, I could see in his face that my fears were about to be confirmed.

‘I only need you to promise one thing,’ he said, turning to face Erik and his brother. All four of us waited expectantly to hear what he had to say, even though Beth and I were mere onlookers. ‘When I come back and all of this is over, I don’t want either of you anywhere near my daughter.’




































Promises



“One has to have lived a little to understand that everything one pursues in life can only be gained at times by risking what one most loves.”

André Gide





‘I won’t allow you to keep your promise,’ I said for the eleventh time that afternoon as Erik and I had coffee in the center of Victoria. ‘My father can’t force me do his bidding, let alone you. No way,’ I huffed, stirring the dark steaming liquid. 

Erik kept quiet. His silence was worse than any banal excuse. I’d prefer to have heard a thousand and one answers to my objections. But he said nothing, despite my constant moaning. 

We’d come back from Iceland a couple of months before. Beth and I had gone back to class, with a string of ‘F’s to our names because we’d missed so much. Erik had tried to persuade me to stay home instead of going back to school because of my delicate health. But I wanted to carry on with my routine just like before, as if the last few weeks had been no more than a bad dream. But the truth was that it couldn’t have been more real.

The night that Carl had explained, or should I say imposed his plan on us, was one of the worst. I’d never imagined that my father would use my health as a bargaining chip to negotiate my relationship with Erik. In the end, despite all my begging and pleading with him not to accept, Erik promised Carl that as soon as I’d recovered completely and was totally healthy, he’d leave and never see me again.

His words still stung my ears and rang around my mind, sinking into my heart like a dagger. Luke had been against it too, but it had been useless. Erik had made him swear to do the same, and Carl had set off for Kaeliux that same night. I spent the intervening days trying to make Erik see that what my father was asking for was illogical. Luke had even hinted that he had no intention of keeping his word. Only my angel kept quiet, sealing his lips every time I brought the subject up. 

To try to make me feel better, Beth had said time and time again that Erik wouldn’t be able to keep his promise, and that you could see from a mile off that we couldn’t live without each other. But time was running out, and I couldn’t make a dent in his heart. He hadn’t even let me into his mind again. He was by my side, but it was as if he’d already gone. I felt impotent, like a fragile leaf clinging onto the branch of a tree while the wild autumn wind shook it violently, trying to wrench it away.

‘Erik, I need you to tell me what you’re thinking…’ I begged but couldn’t finish the sentence as I started coughing, unable to breathe or speak properly.

My health had gotten worse since we’d got back to Victoria. Erik looked at me with eyes like a deep, troubled sea. His tormented face revealed what he refused to say out loud. 

‘Are you ok? Do you want to go home?’ he asked anxiously, caressing my cheek and brushing back the hair from my face tenderly.

‘I’d feel better if I could be sure that you’re not going to keep the promise you made to my father,’ I croaked, my voice rasping because of the coughing.

‘Stella, how long are you going to keep this up? Stop torturing yourself. There are still a few months left before we know whether your father has found the cure, so there’s no use in worrying about something that might never happen. You have to relax, all this tension isn’t good for you.’ He was trying to sound unconcerned. But the murky blue of his eyes told a different story.

‘But you won’t change your mind, will you? You’ll leave me forever if Carl manages to cure me.’

I felt like I was suffocating, but this time it wasn’t due to my declining health; it was the words I’d just said, choking me as soon as I’d said them.

‘You will always be in my heart. Loving you is the only thing I know how to do in this life, and your life is the only thing that matters. I’ll do what I can to save you; if I have to suffer the consequences, I don’t care.’

‘But what about me? Don’t you care what I think? What I feel?’ I asked in a desperate half-whisper. ‘I don’t want to live without you by my side.’

‘Stella, I can’t bear to hear you say that.’

‘So promise me you won’t leave.’

‘My promises aren’t worth much these days,’ He tried to force a smile but didn’t quite manage it.

I felt his barriers begin to crumble.

‘Promise me,’ I said, trying to press him.

‘I won’t leave you,’ he replied solemnly; ‘I promise.’

I breathed a sigh of relief, although the look in his eyes didn’t convince me totally. It would be better for him to convince my father of the stupidity of what he was asking. I didn’t know how; but Carl had to understand that Erik was part of my life. Or should I say he was my life.

My cell phone rang as I was thinking about my future. I took it out of the inside pocket of my jacket and glanced at the screen to see who was calling. 

‘Hi mom,’ I said cheerfully.

‘Hi sweetheart. You do remember, I’m coming home today?’

‘Yes, I’m meeting Erik and we’re picking you up from the airport,’ I replied.

I was glad she was coming back to Chemainus. I’d finally managed to get her out of the psychiatric clinic where Markus had her locked up. It had been a slow, complicated business. Too much paperwork and bureaucracy to comply with, but in the end I’d got them to sign the release papers. During the times I’d visited her we hadn’t had the time or the privacy to talk, but I’d promised myself that one day I’d tell her the truth about Carl. I wouldn’t let my mother sink back into misery.

‘I’m looking forward to seeing you and Erik again.’ Her voice sounded silky and soft.

Now that she was free of the unpleasant side-effects of the sedatives, my mother had become her old self again. Erik took my hand and stroked it; I tried not to lose concentration talking to Nicole.

‘Later we can make something nice and you can stay for dinner, how does that sound?’ she said excitedly.

‘Sounds great, mom. By the way, Beth said to say hi. She’s really looking forward to seeing you too.’

‘She is a dear; why don’t you tell her to come to dinner as well? I’ve missed you all so much,’ she added with a tinge of melancholy.

‘Sure, I’ll call her and let her know. And I’m just thinking…’ A fleeting thought crossed my mind; I hadn’t seen Luke since we’d come back from Iceland and neither had Beth. ‘Do you mind if I invite Erik’s brother too?’

‘No, of course not, that’s just perfect.’ She sounded like a kid with a new toy, thrilled at the prospect of having us all at home with her.

‘Anyway sweetie, I have to go; I need to pack and I don’t have much time.’

‘Ok mom, see you soon.’

‘I love you.’

‘I love you too.’ A broad smile spread across my face.

Erik was sitting beside me, drawing little circles on the back of my hand. I felt his caresses waking up the drowsy butterflies in my stomach.

‘At last: a family dinner,’ he said, staring at our hands. 

‘Yes; I hope you don’t mind me inviting your brother,’ I replied tentatively.

‘No, he’s been unbearable since he last saw Beth. He won’t admit it, but he misses her.’ His blue gaze met mine. I began to melt and I had to make a real effort to speak normally.

‘Beth’s the same, I think they just need a little push in the right direction,’ I said, setting my inner matchmaker to work.

‘I don’t know if them being together is a good idea. You know how they usually end up. Cats and dogs are bosom buddies compared to them.’ He raised an eyebrow. 

‘I know. We’ll think of something.’

Erik shook his head, ending the conversation. He knew me well enough to know that I wouldn’t stop until I found a way of getting them together. He took some coins out of his pocket and left them on the table. He stood up, giving me the chance to admire his absolute beauty. I followed him as if I was bewitched and we strolled towards my apartment, enjoying the peace and quiet.



Beth was sulking on a bench toying with a lock of hair and Luke was leaning against a column. They were waiting to pick Nicole up at Victoria airport. Stella had told her about the invitation to dinner at the apartment and she’d accepted happily. What her snake-in-the-grass friend had neglected to tell her was that the ginger idiot was coming too. Deep inside, she cursed Stella for setting her up. It had been a couple of months since she’d last seen the only boy who’d ever stolen, torn out and trampled her heart. She thought she’d got over him, but seeing him again had sent her soul crashing to the ground. She’d never get Luke out of her head, or her heart; but she’d do everything she could so that he never knew it.

‘How’s your arm?’ she heard him say from a distance.



Beth looked up and saw his sea-green eyes locked onto her face. She swallowed hard and tried not to let it affect her too much, even though she’d been avoiding it all afternoon. She lifted her plaster-free arm in an arrogant, nonchalant way, to show she was completely healed. 

‘Perfectly well, thank you.’

‘Glad to hear it,’ said Luke, although there was very little gladness in his voice.

He looked away from those hazel eyes that caused him so much pain and burned him up inside. He looked over at the exit, where Stella’s mother was supposed to be coming from, and heroically resisted the temptation to rush over to Beth and kiss her passionately. He looked at Stella and his brother standing by the barrier that separated the exit from the waiting area. They were in each other’s arms, laughing about something. Happy, despite the fact that Stella had dark rings around her eyes. Luke wished from the very depths of his being that Carl found a cure for her before it was too late. 

The glass doors opened and a group of people emerged, dragging heavy suitcases on wheels behind them, which buzzed monotonously as they slid along the floor. Nicole was one of the last to come out. Luke watched as she threw herself into Stella’s arms and burst into tears; Erik stayed a few feet back, allowing them a moment of intimacy. Luke went over and stood beside his brother, waiting for Stella and her mother to break their embrace. Beth stood on the other side of Erik, to avoid being near him. Pain and disappointment stabbed at his heart.



‘Hello kids’, said my mother, still clinging onto my hand. ‘You’re looking well.’

‘Thanks Nicole,’ said Beth, going up to her and giving her a kiss. ‘I’m glad you’re back. Stella has missed you so much and so have I,’ she whispered, bringing a satisfied smile to Nicole’s face. 

‘We’re all glad you’re here Mrs Preston,’ said Erik, the next in line to kiss her on both cheeks.

‘Especially because you invited us to dinner,’ said Luke, reaching out to shake her hand.

‘Give me a kiss young man, or there’ll be no dinner for you,’ smiled Nicole; we all laughed and Luke leaned forward to kiss her. 

I was happy to see her looking so well and so full of life. The time she’d spent away had obviously done her the world of good. The light in her eyes, so long absent, had returned.



Luke quickened his pace walking out of the airport. Beth was a few yards in front; he soon caught up with her. 

‘You’ve been very quiet,’ he said once he’d reached her side.

‘I didn’t have anything interesting to say,’ she shrugged.

‘I hope I’m not bothering you,’ he replied, testing the water.

‘I couldn’t care less to be honest. You’re not that important, you know what I mean?’ she scoffed. 

‘Come on, don’t play hard to get. I know what you feel for me and I know you’re dying for me to give you some attention.’

He grabbed her round the waist and pulled her to him. Beth gasped in surprise.

‘Let me the hell go, you moron! What do you think you’re doing?! You can’t just do what you want with people just because you feel like it!’ she snarled furiously. ‘I said, let me go!’

Luke let her go with a scowl.

‘I’m not wasting any more time on you.’

He turned on his heels, determined to put an end to this once and for all. After tonight’s dinner he’d never have to see her again. His stomach shrank at the thought, as if someone had punched him. He climbed onto his bike, started it up and sped away from the body that had stolen his heart. 

Beth breathed deeply, trying to calm down. She’d had a hard time trying to keep a cool head with Luke when her heart was telling her to let herself go yet again. No. Not this time. He would never be hers. It was no use raising her hopes and even less use playing along with his little games; she knew how it would all end, with her all alone and devastated. Luke was history. Spilt milk. Or so she thought. 
































The end of the party



“The blessing of life consists of always having something to do, someone to love and something to hope for.”

Thomas Chalmers






Nicole’s kitchen was a hive of activity. Beth and I were helping her with the cooking. She’d insisted on making pancakes, both sweet and savoury. We busied ourselves with the fillings while she did the cooking, ever the expert. 

Erik (voluntarily) and Luke (not so voluntarily) laid the table as we got things ready. 

It was an evening to remember. My mother laughed as she picked at her pancakes. Beth told us all the latest gossip around town, more like the whole country. I was amazed at how she got to know it all. Where did she get her information from, my friend the number one busybody?

My mother complained a couple of times that I wasn’t looking well and asked Erik to explain why, seeing as I didn’t want to talk about it. With his usual charm and quickness off the mark, he said that I’d had a bad stomach bug but that I was getting over it. It was because I hadn’t been eating properly since I’d moved in with Beth. He couldn’t have put his foot any further in it. I was sure that he knew that only too well and that was why he did it. My mother gave me a stern look. Fast food was a dirty word to her. 

‘Beth, I’d be grateful if you didn’t make my daughter eat that muck that you seem to like so much. I’ve tried to teach Stella to eat healthily and I don’t want all my efforts to be wasted because of you,’ she frowned.

‘I’ll do my best not to lead her into temptation,’ replied Beth calmly, drawing a smile from us all.

Nicole stopped asking questions about my health. I breathed a sigh of relief that she’d fallen for Erik’s little ruse. It was amazing how everybody fell for his lies. I didn’t like that side of him at all. Despite the fact that it could be tremendously useful at times, like now for instance, I was terrified that he’d use it on me. 

Was he lying when he said he’d never leave me? Or was he lying when he told Carl he’d stay away from me? Beth gave me a nudge, tearing me away from my musings.

‘Just as well your mother swallowed all that stuff about hamburgers, wasn’t it?’ she murmured when Nicole got up to get the dessert from the kitchen.

‘Yes; but she’s very observant. When she sees that I’m not getting any better, I’ll have to tell her the truth.’

‘Are you nuts?! The shock would kill her,’ she said a little too loudly.

Luke and Erik looked up from their conversation. I gave a little wave like it wasn’t important and leaned towards my friend so we couldn’t be overheard.

‘Don’t shout,’ I scolded. ‘I’m not going to tell her anything. It was just a supposition. What if Carl doesn’t come back?’

‘That’s just paranoid. Of course he’s coming back. O ye of little faith,’ she chided.

I didn’t want to spoil the evening for no good reason. So I decided to change the subject and carry on enjoying myself.

‘Ok, forget what I just said. By the way, Luke’s been looking at you all night,’ I whispered as I glimpsed Nicole coming back with a tray of fruit.

‘”You can look but you’d better not touch.” That’s my new motto for your brother in law. I’m not going to fall for that again.’ She seemed very sure of what she was saying; obviously she’d thought long and hard about it.

‘Here’s your fruit. I’ve got a frozen gateau that you’re going to love. I’ll get it now,’ smiled my mother.

‘Nicole, I couldn’t eat another thing,’ protested Beth, but my mother paid no attention and headed for the freezer in the pantry. 

‘Help me take these plates through,’ I said to Beth as an excuse to get her away from Luke so I could talk to her on her own. 





‘It’s a shame,’ I said once we were in the kitchen and Nicole was out of sight. 

‘Don’t worry, I’ll have dessert if it kills me,’ grimaced Beth.

‘I don’t mean my mother, I mean him.’

‘And who’s “him”? I don’t know anybody of that name,’ she shot back, exasperating me.

‘Beth, quit pretending; I know you’re hurting. You can talk to me. I’m your friend and besides, I know Luke pretty well.’ I placed a hand on her shoulder. 

‘I don’t want to talk about Luke. It’s water under the bridge, so don’t go on about it. I don’t feel hurt, I don’t feel sad, I don’t feel anything for that guy. So if you’ve got nothing else to say let’s go in and attack your mother’s gateau.’

I rolled my eyes. She was impossible. I knew her too well not to know that when she refused to talk about something it was because it mattered to her and that made her feel weak; and that in turn made her feel awkward. We went back into the dining room and sat down. Erik looked at me with suspicion, trying to gauge my mood. I smiled at him tenderly. What happened between Beth and Luke was none of my business. I had enough on my plate trying to find a way to convince Carl not to make Erik leave me. 

But right now I didn’t want to worry about that. Tonight I didn’t have any problems. Erik was here. Nicole was back to her old self. Carl was looking for the cure for my cellular degeneration. And Luke, by the way he was sneaking looks at Beth during dinner, was clearly no longer my problem.

My life seemed to be back on track, you could even say I was happy. I knew it wouldn’t last forever. I still had a lot of hurdles to overcome and a difficult test to pass when my father came back. But that would be another time. Another place. For me, the only thing that mattered was the present. And it was being kind to me. 

I reached under the table, searching for my angel’s hand. I caressed it and he intertwined his fingers with mine. Words and laughter rang around us. Erik looked at me and I lost myself in that blue sea that I so loved and adored. 


























Epilog: No way back



“That which I truly fear is your fear.”

William Shakespeare





The doorbell rang again and again. It was just after ten in the morning. Beth tossed and turned in bed, hoping that the impatient visitor would go away and let her sleep in peace. Who would even think of coming round at this ungodly hour? She’d been out on the town all night and the last thing she wanted to do was get up and answer the door. The bell rang for the fourth time, monotonous and insistent. She got out of bed grumping and cursing, and covered her ears with her hands. Why wouldn’t the damn thing shut up? Whoever was at the door would be sorry they’d dragged her out of bed.

She opened the door in fighting mood. What she saw was the last thing she’d expected. Her eyes were like dinner plates and she woke up in an instant when she saw Carl’s disfigured face leaning against the wall. 

‘My God! What are you doing here?!’ she cried, hurrying to take his arm and help him inside. 

‘Stella… Where… Where’s Stella?’ he stammered, his voice barely audible. He was very weak. His words came out like drops from a pipette because of the coughing.

‘What happened? We thought you were still on your planet,’ said Beth, completely thrown.

‘Call Erik. I need to talk to him,’ he gasped, grimacing with pain and holding his side. 

He had another coughing fit and blood appeared on his lips.

Beth screamed in fear. Stella and Erik had left early to spend the weekend with Nicole. Should she call them and get them to come back? Or wait until Carl recovered? Her head was a mess. She needed someone to tell her what to do. There was only one person she could turn to. The one person she didn’t want to call. Carl writhed in pain. He looked like he might pass out at any moment. His face was a deathly white and covered in beads of sweat. 

‘Please don’t die; I’ll be back in a second.’ She wasn’t even sure he’d heard her. 

She grabbed her jacket from the coat rack, opened the door and ran upstairs to get Luke. He’d moved into the apartment above when they came back from Iceland. By chance, until now, she hadn’t had the misfortune of running into him. She cursed her luck that now she’d have to see the ginger bighead again. 

She rang the bell several times, pounding on the door with her other hand. Luke opened up, looking less than friendly when he saw who it was. She was the last person he expected to see. 

‘I knew you were desperate to see me, but you could try to hide it a little. Have you no dignity at all? I don’t know if you noticed, but you’re still in your pyjamas,’ he snorted.

‘Shut up and come with me. Carl’s dying!’ she yelled, grabbing his T-shirt. 

‘Carl? Carl’s back?!’ stuttered Luke, his face totally changed.

‘Didn’t you hear what I said? Carl’s downstairs in the apartment and he’s in a real bad way. Come on!’

Luke reacted quickly. He shot down the stairs, taking Beth’s hand and pulling her with him. He flew into the apartment and knelt down beside Stella’s father. It wasn’t looking too good. Carl was slumped on the sofa. He felt his forehead. He was as cold as ice. He couldn’t believe his eyes. What had happened? How had he managed to get back to Earth in such a state?

Carl opened his eyes for a few seconds. He looked calmer when he saw Luke, but almost immediately he twisted in pain and fell back into unconsciousness. 

‘We have to tell Erik and Stella.’

‘I’m on it,’ said Beth, picking up the phone from the table. She tapped out the number quickly and waited for Stella to answer.





We got to Victoria at midday. I was a bag of nerves. Beth didn’t want to tell me what was going on, just that we should go back right away. Erik was unusually quiet and serious. I was sure that he was worried about what might be happening at the apartment too. 

Luke was waiting for us at the door. He stopped us for a moment before letting us in. He stared silently at Erik. I knew he was telling him about what had happened without telling me; I tried to get into their minds, but they wouldn’t let me.

‘Luke, tell me right now what’s going on,’ I demanded, fit to burst.

‘Stella, your father’s back.’ He paused, examining my reaction.

Relief mixed with uncertainty about my future flooded my heart, knowing that my father had returned.

‘Where is he?’ I asked impatiently.

If my father was there, why hadn’t he come to the door?

‘Look, it’s like this. Carl’s inside but he’s not well. You’d better see for yourself.’

I went in, frightened but anxious to see my father again. He was lying on the sofa. His face was pale and gaunt, not a good sign. Erik came over and put his arm around my shoulders.

‘This is serious,’ he said in a half-whisper, confirming my worst fears.

I knelt beside him and ran my hand over his forehead, brushing back stray locks of hair. It had grown too long and was plastered to his face by the sweat.

‘Will he be ok?’ I sobbed.

I was falling apart inside. I couldn’t lose my father again. I needed him by my side.

‘I hope so,’ said Luke. ‘We haven’t been able to talk to him yet; we don’t even know if he managed to get the treatment for you.’

‘I couldn’t care less about the treatment! I want to know if my father is going to make it!’ I shouted furiously.

‘Stella calm down. We can’t do anything for him,’ said Erik.

Despite the sweetness of his voice, his words sliced into me like a hot knife through butter.

‘I’m sorry,’ said Beth. I looked up blearily and saw her sitting in the corner, sallow-faced and twisting her fingers around each other anxiously. ‘He asked where you were, then asked me to call Erik. I’m sorry I wasn’t more help, I didn’t know what to do. I went for Luke but by then it was too late. He hasn’t woken up since.’

‘Thanks Beth, it’s not your fault,’ I said, bowing my head.

I was the only one to blame for what had happened to my father. If only I’d insisted on going with him, or somebody else going with him. But I’d given in too easily and this was the result.

Luke leaned over us and pulled at something white sticking out of my father’s pants pocket. 

‘I think Carl left you one final note,’ he said, handing me the piece of paper with my initials on it.

I opened it quickly while Erik and Luke stood either side of me to read it too. Beth got up and stood behind me to see what my father had written.



My little Stella, I don’t know how to explain what has happened. If you’re reading this, it’s because I finally got them to agree to let me come back, but I couldn’t escape my punishment. Things here weren’t as simple as I’d hoped. They’d found out about my double life and they’re going to make me pay for it. I know I haven’t got much time before my mind gives in to the effects of the nanoparticles they’ve injected me with. Don’t try to do anything for me, I don’t even want you to mourn my absence. I just want you to find your path, the one that I took away from you because of my fears. Erik will know how to look after you, but you need to find a cure. They know about you on Kaeliux. They’ve known all along, and they were just waiting for me to fall into their trap to punish me for my deception.

That’s why they sent Erik to Chemainus; that’s why Markus told you about the treatment they’d found. It was all part of a well-laid plan to bring me back and finish me off. They knew I’d do anything to keep you safe. I need to tell you that I don’t regret coming back. At least I managed to get them to swear to do everything they can to save you. They’re waiting for you on Kaeliux to treat you. I’ve attached a document signed by Spokesman Uldrik, granting you permission to come to our planet and committing himself to doing everything in his power to cure you. I doubt that his motives for agreeing were entirely altruistic, but that doesn’t matter. The only thing that matters is that you’re going to be cured. 

You must go to Kaeliux. It’s the only way you can beat your illness and live a long and happy life. 

I suppose that reading this has made you sad. But I don’t want you to be. I’m very happy in the knowledge that I’m giving you life for the second time, even though that means sacrificing mine. It’s the lesser of two evils. Don’t worry about me. I’m not dead, nor will I be. But when the nanoparticles finish their work, I’ll barely be able to recognize you if at all. That’s why I want you to know that although my eyes won’t see you, you’ll always be in my heart.

I love you, my little one.



I burst into tears and embraced my father’s motionless body. 

Erik stood and tried to lift me up. I didn’t resist. He took my face in his hands and gazed into my eyes. I felt myself relaxing into his blue sea.

‘Stella, we must do as he says. We have to go to Kaeliux.’

‘I can’t… I can’t leave him like this,’ I sobbed.

‘Carl will be fine. We’ll call Jeff to take care of him,’ he said tenderly, caressing my cheeks with the tips of his fingers.

‘I want to go with you,’ said Beth, her voice half-choked with tears.

‘That won’t be necessary,’ snapped Luke, switching his phone on and walking away from us.

‘I want her to come; I need her to come; Erik, please don’t listen to Luke. Beth’s in this with the rest of us; in any case, we can’t just leave her here. It’d be too risky. What if they come after her? After all, she knows too much,’ I argued, grasping Beth’s hand. I couldn’t bear having her taken from me as well. 

‘All right,’ he replied, obviously with no desire to argue with me. ‘You can come; but we’d better think up a good excuse to explain your absence.’

‘I’ve already thought of one,’ said Beth. I was grateful that somebody was thinking straight, and this time it seemed to be her. ‘We’ll tell my folks and Nicole that we’re studying the final semester in Europe. People do it all the time.’

‘That might do,’ mused Erik.

‘Jeff’s on his way,’ said Luke, switching off his phone and walking over. 

‘Good. Let’s go. Kaeliux is waiting for us,’ said Erik, sliding his arm around my waist. 

I held him close, letting the last tears for my father flow down my cheeks. I was beginning to realize that this constant fight for survival would never end. We strode out with an air of determination. I took Erik’s hand and squeezed it tightly. We were on our way to a new future. Distant, unknown and unpredictable. But it would be our future.







The End

















Author’s Note:

“The possibility of making a dream come true is what makes life interesting.”

Paulo Coelho





I would like to thank you all - regular, occasional or first-time readers – for giving my stories a chance by reading them and allowing me to make my dream come true. Without your interest and support, none of this would have been possible.

Would you like to find out how this exciting love story ends? At http://www.francinezapater.rocks/ or https://www.facebook.com/francinezapater/ you’ll find the latest news about the last book in the Blue Moon trilogy: Sea of Tranquility.

If you enjoyed reading Double Moon free of charge and you would like to read the rest of the trilogy, you can make a donation on https://www.paypal.me/francinezapater to raise money for the translation.
 
Thank you for reading me and forming part of this story
 
It would be wonderful if you could take a few minutes to leave your opinion, where you downloaded this novel.


Thank you for reading.

Francine L. Zapater





















