Santa Monica Girls

Mel C. Thompson

Copyright © 2021

Mel C. Thompson Publishing
3559 Mount Diablo Boulevard, #112
Lafayette, CA 94549

melcthompson@yahoo.com

Cover Photo

Uploaded to Wikimedia under Creative Commons license by the artist “Pavelmaira” under the title, “A woman wearing a thong bikini, July 6th, 2018.” You are free to copy, distribute and transmit the photo and you must distribute any version you make of this photo under the same license.

*

Author’s Note

The memory of the narrator, a one Eddie Smith, who speaks to us in the 1st person, is not to be trusted to report the facts with absolute rigor. This is not because Eddie has any great desire to hide the truth about his life story, but because the work is akin to a diary written too long after the events it records took place. And hence it is subject many inaccuracies and conflations not as often seen in diaries written at the time the events in question took place. And thus his memory is like your memory, only a bit worse.

Eddie Smith is attempting to write a kind of diary that centers around the time he spent in Santa Monica and how that affected his life story. However, he does not remember the events in a strictly chronological way, some memories being pushed to the fore due to their significance and other memories being repeated if they played a part in more than one phase of his life. But his memory is not completely chaotic, and as a result, the story, seemingly failing to move forward at times, really does have an overarching plot; and the various plot lines that make up his world really do converge to push the protagonist in a definitive direction.

In fine, Eddie remembers, people, places and chronology the way you do, in a layered way. And in this sense, cities and people are remembered imperfectly or incompletely, but, as the story moves along, the places and people take on a more definitive form. Like a human being in the midst of a life, Eddie smith relives his memories by looking backward and forward, feeling his way through his own rediscovery of the maze that is his inner self.

Keep in mind also that Eddie Smith is not a well man. And Proust, among others, has noted that a body wracked with physical pain soon enough experiences an equal amount of emotional pain. And, in spite his vaguely good intentions, his mind follows his body into errors, creating, here and there, discontinuities in the story line and confusion as to the places and times he experienced things. But one thing Eddie does, for sure, is paint in broad strokes the issues, ideas, moral failings and strokes of luck that created the overall portrait of who is he is and how he got that way.

There is also the pesky matter of Eddie Smith’s prejudices, and his general refusal to take responsibility for what he says and does. To some he comes off as a blame-casting sexist and to others he seems like a fawning feminist sycophant open to complete role reversal. He at once seems to champion harmful stereotypes while allowing others and himself to break free of them.

Is Eddie a patriarchal throwback or a sub-conscious believer in matriarchy? The answer is: It all depends on his mood and the reader’s cultural heritage. When his characters, whether male or female, have sexist beliefs towards men or women, Eddie lets those views stand. He rarely opposes anyone and seems to embrace  people of virtually any set of opinions; and he is weak enough willed to be tossed about by, as the scriptures say, “every wind of doctrine.”

As such, this book can’t help the reader hoping for a return to traditionalism or for a great leap forward in cultural change. Eddie exists in the middle of the conflict and seems almost unable to take sides or resolve any important issues of his own earlier era or the current one. If anyone comes to this looking for a safe harbor for their preexisting belief system or their crusade to persuade the masses into becoming social justice advocates, they will be disappointed.

Perhaps one belief Eddie fails to properly admit to is his suspicion that more people are thinking and experiencing the world the way he does than we could ever know. Two latent fears of his appear to  limit his clarity of communication on this matter. Firstly, if everyone knew how we really felt, perhaps we would have no friends or family at all; and secondly, maybe if the truth came out it would be so harmful that it would be better for everyone to believe a lie. (In private, more than one theologian and psychologist will admit to this should you have the courage to confront them.) And so we are left with an incomplete and flawed document; and the reader is left to judge how the issues and conflicts within it were dealt with. As for Eddie, his seems to be no closer to self-understanding than he ever was.

*

Santa Monica Girls

Doreen was laying out in the courtyard of our cheap, beachfront apartment complex. Her slender, muscular, freckled body was stretched out on a rickety aluminum and plastic lounger of the sort one might find by a poorly-maintained pool in a lower-middle-class neighborhood in Miami. Her bikini was so slight that she was essentially naked, and she hid her eyes behind dark sunglasses. Her hair was long and sandy brown. All one could see of her face was a mischievous smirk, reflecting both her confidence and her amiability. She was quite simply horny and friendly. It was the allure of her kind of person that drove men from the chilly parts of the country to sell everything and move to Southern California.

Furthermore, Doreen was a plastic surgeon who, at a very young age, was already educated and brimming with pocket money. She was not looking for a husband just yet, although she would not rule out the possibility of marriage if the right person came along. I, by the way, was not that right person.

And while she fretted morally about using men for sex, she did not let any scruple about this impede her promiscuity. Mixed feelings, she sometimes thought, could very well be the fuel of sexual desire itself. One might come across a person here and there who feels they are doing no wrong in the world, but how many of them are highly erotic?

For some reason God had not blessed Doreen with a lovely face. But most men in their 20s back then were not turning down sex with a woman whose body couldn’t be more fit merely because she lacked angelic features. Certainly there were some men who had rejected her due to such cosmetic problems, but such rejection was far less common than one might imagine. Men, for the most part, restrict their harshest judgments for someone they’re afraid they might be stuck with, and Doreen made it clear that lack of commitment was no basis for rejecting a potential sex partner. And so, for her, there were to be no romantic dry spells for the foreseeable future. She was a hardbody in a bikini. There would be no ordinary loneliness to face.

And while Doreen viewed lack of date money as an impediment to long-term commitment, she, as previously noted, did not insist that any particular relationship produce a long-term commitment. Hence, a perpetually struggling man with nearly-empty pockets could find at least temporary forgiveness for his financial shortcomings in Doreen’s company. A man’s poverty only produced a problem for Doreen if he began to demand romantic exclusivity or eternal devotion. For vocationally-lost men, Doreen could only promise a months-long erotic vacation from the regular sexual deprivation of the low-income man’s life.

Doreen watched me move into the vacant upstairs apartment. Given how bereft of material possessions I was, the move only took a couple of hours. And for that two hours she studied me carefully. And having had the advantage of being friends with the landlord, who was also my friend, she was already confident I would be to her liking. He himself was formerly her lover for a short time before he met another woman whom he would marry. He had told Doreen everything she needed to know about me, that I was young, half-handsome, in passably-fair shape, and, most importantly, horny as heck and desperate for any action whatsoever.

After I got my few meager possessions into my temporary unit — a place the landlord was letting me live in almost rent-free for six months until I could find long-term lodgings — she folded up her lounger and went to her own dwelling. (Her apartment was only three doors down from mine on the upper floor.) And having seen all she needed to see, she chuckled to herself and went to go get in more modest clothes. She was well aware, due to my inability to refrain from leering at her, that I too had seen all I needed to see. Thus the plan she resolved on was as uncomplicated as they come: Wait a day, then go knock on the newcomer’s door and invite him over for, as she liked to call it, “a good, old-fashioned roll in the hay.”

We dated for a few months, and, for the most part, the whole affair was quite nice. There were periodic spats and a few bitter words here and there, but, all in all, our time together was fairly much a cakewalk. She objected to the fact that, from time to time, I seemed to be falling in love with her, however, I did not let my crushes on her drive me to the usual romantic madness that had been typical of my life up till that point. And thus, even the difference in our level of feeling for each other didn’t create any undue drama.

Her main objections to becoming my partner were that I had a completely feckless career life and a college degree that was an educational white elephant. Furthermore, her medical education came with a few classes in psychiatry, and this was more than enough for her to sense I was, beneath my holding-it-together exterior, a thoroughgoing basket case. Additionally, with her medical knowledge, it went without saying that she’d sussed out all of the details of my medical experiences and realized she’d end up being my full-time nurse if she attempted any deeper connection with me. I was guilty-as-charged on all fronts, so there was no way for me to successfully plead my case as a long-term suitor.

Even so, I will always be grateful to her for showing me that sex could be fun and nearly worry-free. Up till that point I’d been conditioned by my Christian background to view most sexual situations as necessarily leading to some amazing life-partnership somehow blessed by God. This frankly made my sexuality a bit labored and fraught with undue feelings of guilt. Doreen freed me from a lot of that.

My sexual life had typically involved many long dry spells or dates with people who were lacking in basic sexual competence. Doreen had not only broken my losing streak, but was somewhat of a sexual acrobat. There was very little in the way of social or sexual awkwardness around her. She was fit, energetic and enthusiastic. I was, in some sense, amazed that she’d had anything to do with me in the first place. But, then again, a good reference from a mutual friend goes a long way.

*

Eventually Doreen drifted away and another guy could be seen softly pedaling up to her unit a few times a week just around sunset. At that point I became a second-stringer and later got cut from the roster altogether. But there was one hilarious post-relationship scene which took place at a nearby diner. I was on a date with another woman I was crazy for and Doreen just happened to show up at the same restaurant. I was so thrown off by the situation that I didn’t know what to say when Doreen walked over and said, “Hey Eddie, why don’t you introduce me to your new friend?”

One symptom of the kind of anxiety disorder I have is memory impairment in stressful situations, and that memory impairment gets even worse in times of unusual stress. Under the stress of these two women meeting each other in my presence, I literally forgot the name of the woman I was dating and had a crush on. However, since it was already known by everyone that I had an overactive bladder, no one was surprised when I said, “Excuse me. I’ll be right back. I’ve got to go to the bathroom.”

By the time I got back, the two women had introduced each other and were chatting away amiably. After Doreen left us to go eat dinner, I was able to re-lean my new crush’s name by making a joke about how dorky my driver’s license picture looked. Under this pretext, I goaded her into showing me her driver’s license photo in order to see if it was just as dorky as mine. She went along with this and we both laughed at her rather awkward driver’s license photo which, of course, had her name printed clearly next to it. Because it would have never occurred to my new date how severe my condition could be, it would never have occurred to her to wonder what my ulterior motive was for asking to see her driver’s license.

After the incident at the diner, me and the new woman had a few make-out dates. We continued dating for a few weeks until my old, bad habit of getting too serious resurfaced and I, having temporarily forgotten the lessons I learned from Doreen, scared my new love off. But even so, from time to time, the lessons I learned from Doreen have regained traction and I’ve been intermittently able to have a good time dating without being jealous or possessive or overly-demanding. And thus I am grateful for at least half-learning something.

In spite of my painting the relationship between Doreen and I as totally one-sided, she did reluctantly confess that, from time to time, she struggled with the idea of considering me as a more serious partner. However, as was typical back then, my physical health created problems. Doreen was an avid jogger and was perhaps thinking she might forgive my economic uselessness if, in addition to sex, we could also have exercise in common. With that in mind, she invited me out jogging, but alas, my knees were already going bad and I could not keep up.

Without economics or athletics in common, we were thrown back onto the life of the mind, but alas, there we were strongly incompatible. Her thinking was geared toward the real world, the physical world, and the concrete plans and goals that reasonably stem from that world. By contrast, I, with my odd Philosophy degree, came off as overwrought, superfluous and pointlessly abstract. In the end, in spite of our sexual compatibility and mutual friendliness, there was really no direction for the relationship to go in, no polestar to guide us. And so negotiations broke off without any common ground having been reached. Even so, I never regretted my time with Doreen.

*

Having disappointed my uncompromisingly-capitalistic family with my pathetic career gambits, I drifted toward Liberalism and then toward Socialism, going so far as to engage with Communists. Having lost my faith in my native Catholicism and my adopted Evangelicalism, I sunk down into the realm of extremist, secular, partisan politics. Cast adrift, with little meaning left in my life, I floundered about in the world of volunteer charity work; but the same things that made me almost useless in the real world of paid employment made me just as irrelevant in the non-profit world. And thus did I end up beached upon the shore of the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center, attempting to pass myself off as a competent clerical worker.

The People’s Republic was run by Bobby Z, the “Z” standing for “zero,” a reference to the famous “Commander Zero,” a hero among many of the the Nicaraguan Socialist revolutionaries. He was a few inches shorter than the average man, wide-faced and clean shaven. Instead of the stereotypical beret, he initially wore a brown, woolen beanie over his head. His faded jeans, green military shirt and wire-rimmed glasses added a serious revolutionary flair to his otherwise unconvincing stature. He moved slowly and spoke laconically, as though he were somehow a cross between a Chinese sage and a shy history professor.

Bobby Z was a man of great pity. When I came into his office looking like a lost sheep with no political or religious home, and obviously without any meaningful family ties, he looked up from his desk with an expression of deep disappointment, as though both his fate and mine were hopeless. Seeing through the whole story of my life instantly, he stood up in a resigned way and shook my hand modestly. He sighed as if to indicate that he was, by his very standing there with me, absorbing the full weight of my tragicomic life and my utter powerlessness.

“Well, welcome, my friend, to the People’s Republic of Santa Monica. One day detachments of red soldiers will liberate this city for the oppressed masses, bringing to this land the light that Mao brought to China.”

He sat me in an empty office and had me watch three hours of videos on Marxist theory, after which he tried to explain to me his particular take on Dialectical Materialism and Socialist Historicism. Having studied a bit of Marxism in college as part of my Philosophy curriculum, I absorbed the indoctrination materials fairly well, although I appeared a bit ambivalent when he became critical of Hegel and tossed around some quotes by Schopenhauer and Nietzsche that I was unfamiliar with.

Bobby Z congratulated me on my decision to donate some of my time to the Principles of Revolutionary Socialism and began to immediately get me to do free office work for “the cause of the people.” But sensing right away the vastness of my limitations as a worker, he took great care to give me assignments that were easy enough to ensure that I didn’t “make a total fuck-up out of everything.” And at times he would turn around, apropos of nothing, and say, “Many mistakes are being tolerated now because we are in a state of prerevolutionary grace. But once the Central Committee in Beijing rules this country, people like you are going to have to be far more diligent if you hope to live.” 

In spite of the off-putting nature of many of the things he said, I not only came to trust Bobby Z, but went to him with all my personal problems as if he could somehow take the place of pastoral counselors or psychologists. In spite of the fact that he often looked like he was about to lose his patience, he had an almost herculean tolerance for my whiny babbling about my personal problems. In light of this, it was quite predictable that I went to him one time when I was somewhat frustrated at Doreen’s seeming refusal to fall in love with me.

“Eddie,” he said, “you must understand that what you call human love is merely a decadent, bourgeois triviality. The Party Leaders currently allow occasional indulgence in sex, but only to humor us while they painstakingly plan for the ascent of Global Communism. In then end, though, the Dialectical Movement of History cannot permit the people of the future to be running about all aflutter over failed romantic ventures.”

One day I kept stopping my office work and rambling on about having a broken heart, and at some point Bobby Z interjected, “Half-hearted Socialists like yourself would be better off just keeping your dicks in your pants and devoting more time to fomenting revolution and undermining Capitalism. Anyway, Eddie, nobody gives a fuck about your heart. If you talk that way after the revolution, we might just take you out and shoot your ass.”

For some reason, whenever Bobby Z talked this way, although other people might rightly feel hurt or offended, I felt free from my problems and laughed out loud.

*

My landlord was a friend. I met him at a meeting of a motivational group which had turned into a personality cult. We were both low-level believers. The charismatic leader of this cult basically insisted on lifelong membership and ever-increasing devotion to his cause, a cause he felt would create worldwide happiness and bring about the end of material privation for all of humanity. He was forced into semi-retirement by multiple scandals and was lucky he didn’t end up in prison. The cult still exists because the top tier of the cult’s believers, right when the leader’s life started to unravel, bought the rights to control the cult from him. The whole operation is now a shadow of its former self, but it still remains active in several large cities.

After we’d both curtailed our attendance of cult events, and after we’d moved out of the area where all our fellow cultists were, we both found ourselves in Santa Monica. He was there to help his aging father run his vast real estate empire and I was there to escape the sterility and cruelty of Orange County. His dad had given him a free apartment, but he was hardly using it, opting to spend most of his days living at his future wife’s residence. As such, he had no objection to me moving into his apartment and paying some ridiculously-low rent, a mere token payment, a fraction of the unit’s true value. As part of my fantastically-low, almost-free rent deal, I had to agree to let him leave most of his material possessions in the apartment and also stay there about two days a week. As I was very lonely and insecure and still reeling from a recent divorce, I rather liked it when he stayed there. (We had been roommates before in Orange County and had never had a problem.)

The arrangement was just perfect. The neighborhood was vibrant. And, at least while the relationship was still in-progress, it was great to be only a few doors down from Doreen. Eventually my landlord would move into his girlfriend’s house full-time as a prelude to their decades-long, and still-enduring, marriage. At that point he would take the unit back and rent it out at full market rate. But I had months to prepare for that, and so the deal was a great one in spite of the time limits placed on it.

Not long after I first moved to Santa Monica, I had to juggle my growing feelings for Doreen and also my grief at losing my former wife to her much wealthier boss. In spite of the fact that my wife and I only lived together as a married couple for four months, I missed her often and was given to bouts of depression and weeping.

One day when my landlord was staying the night at my token-rent apartment, I came to him in despair and asked, “Why does it still hurt so much? Our marriage only lasted four months.”

My landlord replied, “You can’t help it. You’re just the type of person who loves really deeply.”

Of course there was no way I could compete with my ex-wife’s new man. He was more handsome than I was, would eventually make way money that I ever did, actually wanted children, had a PhD and came from a sensible family. Compared to him, I looked like a struggling circus clown. In those days, once I was subjected to real-world competition, whether in love or in business, I generally lost the battle quickly, decisively and usually in a humiliating way.

Later I would also have to deal with some grief over Doreen switching lovers and rotating me out of her dating schedule. But the grief involved with that was minor as I was still mostly grateful for such an easy-going experience in my otherwise labored and awkward existence; and anyway, my landlord had a solution for the loss of Doreen.

“There’s another old friend of mine just a few blocks away. Me and her were never lovers, but she’s totally hot, even better looking than Doreen; and I just know you and her will hit it off and be best of buddies, if not more than buddies, if you know what I mean.”

It was a Southern California tradition in the 1980s to accept a personal reference as something like an order to date; and so there was no question of turning down the offer to be introduced. Within a few days of getting her phone number from my landlord, I called Sadie. Our first phone call lasted about two hours. The friendship chemistry was instant, and I already had a crush on her. (My friends know what I like, so if they tell me I’ll be attracted to a woman, I don’t even question their judgment. Their accuracy on these matters is so consistent that I’m almost in love by the time I call the number they’ve given me.) Therefore, without even meeting her, I’d concluded that she had a lively mind, a fantastic sense of humor and a knockout body, which, of course, all turned out to be true.

One thing I adored about Sadie was that she was the sort of person who loved the kind of banter between friends which produces a private language, a unique vocabulary. (And part of the heartbreak of losing such a person is the loss of a whole language, the loss of a whole lexicon and syntax.) Private languages create so many communication shortcuts that one can talk three times faster with a person like Sadie than with people who just don’t get it, people with whom you have to reinvent the wheel during each conversation.

The 80s was just an amazing time for playful conversationalists. By comparison, the people of the 2020s are seriously grim, overly earnest and flat-out boring. Getting them on the same page, or even on the same wavelength, borders on the impossible. (One of my older friends was listening to me complain about how hard it is to get a lively conservation going in the the Bay Area of the 2020s, at which point she said, “Don’t you know? Nobody talks anymore.”)

It wasn’t long after me and Sadie started talking that I, as usual, reported back to the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center to again attempt to do some useful work, and to also tell Bobby Z all about my latest prospect. He rarely put up significant resistance to hearing about everything going on in my life, and he also seemed to be very unimpressed by it all.

After hearing my description of Sadie, Bobby Z said, in a weary and resigned way, “Our Chairman has always known it would be decades, if not centuries, before such pathetic sentimentality as yours can be fully purged from the human race, and so, provisionally, we allow our fellow revolutionaries sexual liberties and romantic flirtations. But one day our species will evolve out of the meaningless quest for pair-bonding and will engage in sex only for the purpose of repopulating the state. Thank God our descendants will not be strapped with having to raise little brats, since eventually all children will be turned over to the state and be raised in state facilities where they will grow up on sound political doctrine and not be coddled in the cloying way they are now.”

I don’t know why I found Bobby Z’s pronouncements about life in general, and my life specifically, to be both funny and entertaining, but I did. After we spoke, I sat at a long table labeling files and checking new pamphlets for spelling errors. As both he and I (our backs turned to each other) sat silently doing our work, I just kept smiling. My boss was evil, but I he tolerated me far more than most people did.

An attitude of gratitude settled over me, not only because I liked having Bobby Z in my little world, but because Doreen had been wonderful to me and Sadie had already charmed me so much that I barely cared if she and I ever had sex. Furthermore, the weather in Santa Monica was perfect and young women in string bikinis with windblown hair were everywhere. Every so often, a celebrity or two could be seen discreetly dining and drinking at a sidewalk bistro as they stared out from behind their dark sunglasses. And although I was trying to be a good Marxist (which naturally implies being a good Atheist too) I still believed in God, even more so because I felt that a place like Santa Monica could not have come into being without some kind of intelligent designer.

Although Bobby Z said many harsh things about religion, I was stunned at how he let me babble on in nonsensical, mystical ways. He thought my holdover-theories from my former Christian faith, my beliefs about divine providence and creationism, were totally lame and complete bullshit. Even so, he listened to me ramble on about my quasi-religious philosophy for hours on end, (so long as he didn’t have anyplace more important to be). After a long night of listening to my desperate and weakly-rationalized monologues, he’d sometimes smile and gently say, “It’s okay. You’ll get over all of it someday. One day you might even be teachable.”

Sometimes, after we finished our work, Bobby Z would take me out for drinks which were paid for out of the slush fund of the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center. When I objected to this minor form of corruption, Bobby Z said, “Listen, the vanguard of the party will be ruling the whole world soon and the takeover will be a nasty process. If you’re squeamish about confiscating beer money from the people, how on earth will we count on you to help us purge reactionary elements from society?”

*

My relationship with alcohol was tricky, complicated and perilous. I tried hard not to refuse it when someone offered it to me, but I often paid a heavy price for drinking even one drink, let alone two or three. After drinking a little beer or wine, I often suffered from severe nasal allergies, a sore throat (which sometimes made it difficult to speak) and hearing loss, sometimes for days on end. These excessive side effects of alcohol are only common to those of the most delicate constitution. And even were I were willing to daily suffer the physical consequences of using alcohol, I could not afford to buy alcoholic beverages and so serious drinking was usually out of the question. And so the combination of health concerns and financial concerns made it difficult to drink; and I was regarded by some people as a teetotaler or a complete square. On occasion, I dared to go so far as to firmly refuse alcohol altogether, though this was usually met with derision; and sometimes people simply stopped associating with me because it was boring enough to hang around a poor and sickly person and hear about the problems of the weak and the impoverished, but to also have to do it while being sober? — well, this was a bridge too far.

But contrary to all of what I have just said, every so often, by the mercy of the gods, seemingly at the whim of fate, I’d have no reaction at all to alcohol and be able to party like a normal person. (These inconsistencies were only smoothed out when I met Dorothy whose healing effects I intend to further discuss later, but she apparently made me feel secure enough in the world that it temporarily strengthened my immune system.) In any case, I was not going to risk turning Bobby Z off by categorically refusing to drink. I tolerated drinking around him because he was one of my few connections to the world of Santa Monica, a kind of island unto itself. And since everyone was in their twenties and drinking, I was forced to pick a few people I would drink around or risk being cut off from humanity completely.

*

Doreen and I were both vivacious and polite people, and so it stood to reason that we would have lengthy conversations from time to time. It would not have occurred to us to remain nearly strangers, and so we got to know each other well enough. But still, even though we debated every sort of idea and deliberated together on every matter of importance, the central feature in our relationship was sex. Conversation was, to be sure, the junior partner in our romantic enterprise.

Sadie and I had a relationship that worked in exactly the opposite way. We simply adored our conversational life together, and, we seemed to feel, two people who spoke so much and loved each other so much, simply ought to engage in some sort of sexual activity, even if the sexual chemistry between us was not ideal. But the physical relations were truly an afterthought in a relationship in which the main point was almost philosophical in nature, not that Sadie overtly considered herself a philosopher the way I did.

Also, my relationship with Sadie differed in another crucial way from my relationship with Doreen. While it was usually Doreen’s position that I almost certainly would not be an advisable long-term partner, Sadie openly admitted that a long-term partnership with me was possible, not probable, but definitely not ruled out.

One similarity between both of these relationships is that they were open. And, for that reason, Sadie did not forbid me to occasionally wander off in search of “real sex,” nor did I forbid her from taking two weeks off, or even a month or two off, to attempt to pair-bond with some hot prospect. In spite of these frequent excursions on both of our parts, me and Sadie always seemed to end up in each other’s orbit again.

Some of the lessons I’d learned from Doreen about non-possessiveness applied very well to me and Sadie. And, in fact, Sadie kept coming back to me and being pleased at how little jealousy I displayed. In all fairness though, Sadie was further out of my league than even Doreen had been and, given that every guy she met had an instant crush on her, it just seemed unrealistic to demand that she pick me as a lifelong partner over all the rest of the men she had access to. After all, I was still penniless most of the time, intermittently crippled by fibromyalgia and somewhat sexually incompatible with her.

This lack of jealously on my part kept me in her good graces. And this was not only fortunate in terms of us getting along well together as friends, but also because she paid for most of the great food we ate together; and there was no way in the world I could have paid for even my own half of most of our outings. Her tastes were, to say the least, more refined than mine at the time. Also, she was a well-paid baker at a high-end bakery that dealt in very delicate pastries, samples of which she was not averse to bringing back to me. Thus it would be fair enough to say that it literally paid not to be jealous.

Her other men, however, we not so open-minded. When they found out about me, they were often furious, furious not only at the prospect of sharing her with me, but also jealous of the fact that I’d seemingly be around, in one form or another, for a very long time. Even her purely platonic male friends got angry when she discussed me. Oddly, her gay roommate even got jealous when Sadie and I spent our first night together at their apartment. (It turned out he had considered becoming bisexual for her. That must have been one good-looking girl.)

My lack of jealousy, on the other hand, seemed almost magical, even to me. I simply did not suffer when she tried out other men and then returned to date me. Amazingly, in fact, when she was attempting to go monogamous with some new suitor who showed promise, I happily, and without resentment, became an ordinary platonic friend to Sadie. I lost track of how many times me and Sadie switched from being lovers to being platonic friends, but it was several times. She and I were both amazed at how wonderful it was to have a best friend who, in a pinch, could relieve romantic loneliness when other lovers were not to be found.

As previously noted, the private language me and Sadie shared was irreplaceable. We’d both had several years of experience in seriously-religious Protestant churches and had both abandoned religious orthodoxy. Thus we could move back and forth from the sacred language of American Evangelicalism to the obscene language of secular Agnosticism. Neither of us was traditionally religious or dogmatically Atheist, but we maintained the language of both schools of thought and every shade of gray in between them. Because we both valued all of our religious and secular experience and maintained some kind of vague spirituality, all of our communication was tinged with nuance, inside jokes and verbal shortcuts. Our verbal and mental life together was as delicious as the food we ate.

We hardly ever argued and rarely made each other feel resentful. Our years together were characterized by kindness, empathy, fun, and genuine respect. I can’t remember an instance in which either of us even raised our voices. The few times we had begun to quarrel, it turned out that neither person had enough belief in the process of arguing to even sustain a conflict of any intensity.

For three years we experimented with every shade of our complex relationship. From time to time I would try to force the relationship to be more than it was or different than it was, but usually, after seeing I was being unrealistic, I would settle back into whatever the appropriate level of involvement was for us at the time. And we were usually not under the illusion that we would become super-lovers, (at least not until our strange Midwest relocation experiment, the details of which I shall save for later). Briefly, toward the end of our dating time, we seriously entertained the idea of a life-partnership, and didn’t even rule out formal marriage, but we never, with regards to those things, got our homes up so very high that it caused anyone undue pain.

*

It had been a rough week at The People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center. Apparently some of the speeches Bobby Z delivered on an illegal pirate radio station had crossed the line into what appeared to be an advocacy of violence. The federal government was sensitive about underground propaganda of this sort because the Iron Curtain still stood astride Europe and the threat of global revolution was still quite palpable. In this context, Bobby Z’s calls for the people to “overthrow their economic masters by any means necessary” seemed to be a bit too strident.

There had been a few hours of tense interrogation, but, in then end, the authorities decided to let Bobby Z off with a stern warning. I never learned from Bobby Z what exactly the authorities had said in their warning to him, but it was apparently serious enough to shake him up. And so he was a bit on edge when I went in to attempt to do some my weekly volunteer work.

Because I was not initially aware to this latest development, I didn’t know why an air of gloom and tension was hanging over the Community Center. As such, I simply passed off my coworker’s hostile stares and angry silence as a natural reaction to the burden of living under the yoke of Capitalist roaders.

I sat down in an empty chair next to Bobby Z’s desk and said, “What’s up?”

“What do you mean, ‘What’s up?’” replied Bobby Z. “Every day we’re living in a police state run by corporate thugs. That’s what’s up.”

“Oh yeah, right. But check this out. I’m dating a woman now who has the face of a model, the heart of an angel and an ass that’s too perfect to believe.”

“Ah yes, of course. You know, Eddie, your shallow form of love is almost identical to the crass consumerism of our corporate overlords. Has anyone ever told you that?”
“Well, the shallowness part gets mentioned by almost every woman I date, but they never bring up corporate overlords.”

“That’s because that’s who your women serve.”

“Really?”

“Sure. Why do you think they won’t commit to you? It’s because you can’t hold a real job for more than a year before you fuck it up and end up back on minimum wage.”

“Are you saying they’re right to reject me?”

“No, of course not. If they were real Socialists, they would not see men as production units to be exploited for capital gain.”

“You’re right about that, but I need to confess something to you,” I said, my voice lowering to a whisper.

“I think I know what you’re going to say, but go ahead and say it,” sighed Bobby Z glumly.

“I love our revolutionary sisters, but I can’t get horny for them. They’re too much like . . .”

“. . . prematurely-gray, frumpy, old harpies?”

“Exactly, but how did you know?”

“Don’t feel bad about it. Me and my girlfriend stopped fucking months ago.”

“But,” I said in a worried tone, “why are you still together then?”

“You never learn, do you, Eddie? There are some things more important in life than pussy.”

“Like what?” I inquired sincerely.

Bobby Z sighed again, but this time not with impatience, but with a vast pity, not just toward myself, but toward the whole, wide, clueless, non-revolutionary world. “Eddie, just go back to your desk, okay? Your work is backed up. You haven’t shown up for days.”

I also sighed, but in a way that showed little more than childish disappointment, and trudged back to my desk.

In spite of all my battles with sleepiness and depression, there were sporadic and spontaneous manias that would overtake me in which I’d become hyper-productive as my mood became more and more elevated. In those moments, instead of seeing work as a burden, I’d be happily rolling along as if a job well done might set me on the road to fame and fortune.

Sometimes, when I’d be in one of my work-ecstasy trances, I’d come out of it and see Bobby Z standing behind me with his revolutionary girlfriend, both of them just staring at me with a smirk on their faces. Other times I’d just overhear him say to a coworker, “You see? I told you. He really works that way.” But none of us knew that being enthralled with work and then being unable to work altogether, in alternating cycles, has a name. It’s called being bipolar (and in my case, bipolar 2, a less severe type than bipolar 1).

*

While Sadie and I had always dated on an open-relationship basis, I would have committed to her if she’d wanted that and would have even agreed to long-term monogamy if such an arrangement appealed to her. But, as things stood, Sadie had been so preoccupied with other men that I was forced to seek solace in a part-time relationship with someone who was incompatible with me in a number of ways. And while this new woman had asked for a commitment, I refused because I was, in spite of all my playing around, still looking for true and lasting love.

It has been my habit to refuse to make promises I think I won’t be able to keep, and it’s also been my bent to avoid settling down with someone I’m just not in love with. And while my relationship with my father was extremely atrophied, I still held to any pearl of wisdom he happened to offer; and so I agreed with his obvious disapproval of “marriages of convenience” and his implicit commandment that we children not enter into such arrangements when we grew up. Throughout my life I had dodged many bullets by keeping that particular prohibition in mind.

*

I was depressed for many reasons: Firstly, I’d somehow gotten a crippling neurological disorder and was spending my time either on disability or working the very lowest-paying part-time jobs. (There were some days that I was so weak that I could barely walk two blocks to the local liquor store in order to get canned food to eat.) Secondly, the part-time, non-committed relationship I was in, while having many wonderful qualities, was still doomed in the long-run. And additionally, the apartment I’d moved into, while an amazing value, was subject to increasing market pressures, meaning it was only a matter of time before I, with my extremely low-income, would be forced out. (I will not enumerate here the many ways California landlords have to get around rent-control, but suffice it to say, if a landlord wants you out badly enough, there are multiple legal loopholes in the rent-control law he can work. There are also a lot of illegal tactics landlords can employ, most of which also work if the tenant is in any way weak-willed or ignorant of the law. And while one can heroically fight off an eviction effort in court, it generally requires a lot of luck to win that battle. Most renters under siege are not able to even find a lawyer.) Furthermore, my family didn’t believe I was disabled and permanently decided I was a malingering welfare bum; and so my heart was breaking as my once-thriving family life drifted further and further into awkward formality. And also, having not seen Sadie for months, and having failed to win the love of three of my female neighbors, I was falling into a state of socioeconomic stagnation.

Due to a lack of strength and coordination in my hands and wrists, my musical hobbies were drifting away, but I still overcame this difficulty in order to play at family get-togethers. The pain in my hands was such that I didn’t play guitar or flute unless my stepbrother and his live-in girlfriend invited me over for a jam session. (Often my parents were also invited to these evenings which also included plenty of food and beverages.) It was worth a couple hours of physical pain to get a chance for some family connection, however tentative and lukewarm it might be. But even after I made this effort, the evening might still end with one of the people present hinting that I was a welfare bum who deserved no sympathy. Daily life was becoming quite grim.

My part-time lover, while wanting a commitment from me, was never actually satisfied with me and never really did accept me as I was. She was in love with the idea of being in love with me, but had I really committed, and had she actually been stuck with me as a central feature of her life plan, one could easily imagine her fleeing in terror after the reality of such a commitment became evident. She, like many others, was routinely disgusted with my economic failings and would have found, were we to begin living together, that love rarely conquers all obstacles. In fact, love sometimes can’t even conquer minor obstacles. (When Diana Ross sang to us all, “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough,” often my reaction was to mutter to the radio, “Have you really tested that theory out?”)

My grinding poverty, brought on by my disabilities, irked her; and she, being of a positive thinking bent, could not get the idea out of her head that my poverty was all due to my negativity. In short, even if I’d heeded her calls to settle and commit, it would not have been long before she’d have regretted her whole involvement with me. By the time my time in Santa Monica was coming to a close, the light was dimming on my life already, and I was only in my late twenties. How on earth would an outrageously healthy and pampered woman from a rock-solid family really deal with a lifelong partner who, in her words, “didn’t manifest prosperity?”

To add to my torments, the foggy season around LAX was worse than usual and planes were being diverted in every which direction. One of those diversion routes was just above our apartment building, meaning that pilots trying to land their planes were often directed to circle over our building throughout the night. The roaring of the planes was so loud that I was regularly awakened by them, and my doctors had begun to speculate that my neurological problems could be due to sleep disorders, the main cause of those sleep disorders possibly being those very airplanes looping above our neighborhood in the middle of the night. (And just like the illusory tenants rights laws of that era, the laws surrounding the permissible hours for commercial aircraft to take off and land became illusory. Basically, if airlines wanted to land planes at two in the morning or order planes to take off at four in the morning, no formal legislation proved strong enough to prevent that.) And even if my landlords didn’t become a problem, I might eventually be forced to flee my apartment due to the health problems that location was likely exacerbating. And God only knew where I’d end up after I lost that apartment.

The apartment problem was exacerbated by the fact that rents all over Los Angeles County were rising astronomically; and once one lost a rent-controlled apartment, one usually lost one’s ability to live anywhere near one’s homeland. After such a cataclysm, exile to other states, or even other countries, was not unheard of; and the tales of such bad endings became proverbial. A succession of notices that a former friend or colleague had been forced first to Riverside, then to Las Vegas, then to Tuscon, and then at last to some distant city in Texas, often culminated with an obituary notice written by a distant family member stuck with the task of locating the contact list of the deceased and notifying all his friends and former lovers back in California of the tragic end the rent-control refugee had come to. (If you live in California and speak of this ubiquitous phenomena at a party, the number of parties you’re invited to declines precipitously.)

For dozens of decades, those with a bent toward what we now call psychology and sociology have honestly and repeatedly reported about the kind of situation I was in and have concluded that rarely will a man be rescued when his romantic, economic, social and family life are all spiraling toward total collapse at once. And so I concluded that unless some patron or saint came along to support me in some major way, emotionally or financially, there was probably no way I could survive more than a few years.

My dentist at the time, who’d had lots of patients with mysterious neurological problems very similar to mine, said, “I’ve got a lot of people in my practice with your condition. The outlook is not good. I was in medical school a while and learned about these hard-to-diagnose systemic disorders. We don’t know what they are, but we know what they do. From what I’ve seen with my patients here: the stress of losing everything, and the physical toll of disease itself — eventually their hearts just give out and one day they just don’t wake up; so you need to get your affairs in order. You can’t count on being around too long. There’s a local charity where paralegals donate time to help low-income people with their wills. You ought to check them out.”

*

One random evening, while hopeless thoughts about my situation rumbled around in my head, a car horn honked from the side street along the south end of our building. No one else in the building had visitors who did that, and so the noise made me unusually curious. I leaned out of my open kitchen window and noticed a black, stretch-limousine parked across the street. Limousines range in quality, but I knew from experience that this particular model was only for the rich. (Limousines were still quite rare in those days and penniless pretenders could not easily rent them out just to boost their egos as they do now.) My particular block had an inordinate number of floundering people living there, and so the appearance of this car impressed me a bit; and I thought to myself, “Some lucky underachiever on this block has a rich friend. Good for them. At least someone’s going to have fun tonight.”

As I was about to turn from the window to try to prepare some canned chili, I noticed one of the tinted windows toward the back of the limousine began to roll down. A beautiful face popped out, and on top of that beautiful face was a head of amazing hair, long, curly and almost black, laced with sparkling glitter. “Oh my, I thought. Someone knows a famous actress or something.”

But then that face shouted out the window, “Hey Eddie! Hurry up and get out here!”

Confused, I hobbled down the stairs and limped out to the limousine and looked in. There was Sadie in a gown that looked like something a Hollywood actress would wear on the way to an awards ceremony. She appeared to be stunningly happy. As I scoped out the interior of the limousine, I noticed that the interior was more luxurious than most of the cars of this sort.

“Sadie!” I exclaimed. “I haven’t seen you for months! Are you on your way to some party? Are you on your way to pick up your friends? What on earth is going on? This is amazing!”

“Hurry upstairs and pull yourself together. Put on your nicest clothes. It’s my birthday and you’re going to be my boyfriend for the night.”

The date was like a dream. After I’d gone upstairs and thrown together some semi-acceptable outfit, we were driven in the limousine to one of those restaurants a few towns over where they manage to bring the windows of the dining area right up to the water. The restaurant was called, “Neptune’s Trident,” and a portion of it was actually a few feet below ground so that at high tide small waves splashed the windows at eye level to the diners. Sadie told me not to worry about money. She’d already budgeted to pay my way completely.

After one of the best seafood dinners I’d ever had in my still-young life, we were driven to a beautiful beach where we walked hand-in-hand. The entire time there was not a trace of the censorious bitterness that attaches to couples who’ve known each other a long time; no sense that the good time we were having would be held against me later as a kind of shame debit; nor was any artificial drama introduced; nor any fake arguments started. Not only was the date amazing, but it came with no strings, no hitches, no surprise confrontations, just none of the things most people manufacture in order to ruin otherwise perfect evenings.

Regarding that evening, Bobby Z would later say, “Oh goody, so you’ve been seduced by the upper-middle-class. What next? Will you move to Hollywood and court the favor of television producers and modeling agency pimps?”

That was a funny question because, in fact, I had been, not long before I moved to Santa Monica, scouring Hollywood in search of just such producers and pimps, hoping like all Hollywood drifters, to be delivered from my fate by some magical impresario. I’d been living that way in spite of the fact that most Hollywood people who’d been exposed to my work thought of me as having insufficient talent and a style that was absurdly outdated. Although I believed my Hollywood hobby was a degenerate vice, I’d been lured into it by a friend who happened to know a modeling agency owner; and that modeling agency owner had immediately, upon receiving a glowing personal recommendation from my friend, set me up on a date with a tall blonde who had a fast car and a purse full of spending loot. That relationship didn’t go anywhere, but it made for a few amusing days and nights tearing around Southern California in her new convertible. After we stopped seeing each other, the Hollywood addiction continued on.

The modeling agency owner, a plain-spoken and generous rich guy who lived in a house in the hills above the San Fernando Valley, was quite aware of my open-relationships and felt I could help divert this woman from her fixation on him. (She was a failed model, but she and the modeling agency owner had some kind of limited sexual chemistry, so he set her up with an expensive portfolio and a new car even though he knew she wasn’t going to make it in the field.) He had A-list women that he needed to carve out some time for, and this meant sending the tall blond away for a bit. Being a very frank man who carried a big bag of cash and a gun with him, he had no compunction about passing her off to me for a couple of nights so as to keep her out of his hair for a bit. Far from objecting to this, she extracted from him temporary use of a credit card and use of one of his piles of cash, and she wined and dined me at her sugar daddy’s expense. In those few days, we drove all over Southern California like two kids on Spring Break without a care in the world.

Me and the tall blond largely avoided talk of politics and religion. We mainly bonded over our disgruntled attitude toward the Hollywood industries that had rejected us, namely modeling and music. (I did not complain so much about being a failed poet, since even world-famous poets were usually living on the edge of penury. The term “failed poet” is seen by most people in Hollywood as a redundancy.)

Needless to say, all those sordid affairs were not becoming of a man trying to posture as a young Communist, but Bobby Z, upon hearing about all of this just laughed and said, “When we conduct the next great purge, I’m going to ask the Chairman for special permission to oversee the one in Hollywood.”

*

Suddenly, Sadie announced to all her fawning, orbiting admirers, and to the ratfink alpha-males who toyed with her, that she was moving back home to Wisconsin to spend her approaching mid-life years with her family and childhood friends (and high school sweethearts).

Back then we were not as traumatized about such moves as we should have been, since we didn’t know that when one leaves one’s late 20s and gets well into one’s mid 30s, all kinds of things about the body and mind are destined to change. One of those prominent changes is the loss of one’s willingness, or ability, to jump on a plane and go hundreds of miles, or thousands of miles, to visit with people who can only offer an awkward couch in a busy living room (or, if one is “lucky,” a guest room that is really an office sporting an uncomfortable futon that no local would willingly sleep on). Hence, we were all only mildly sad to hear of Sadie’s departure and naively discussed what we would do when she flew back into LAX to see us all every several months, (the several months in question turning into several years, and those several years turning into several decades). And so, far from being supportive of her move, we should have all implored her not to go and shamelessly begged her to stay. Our loneliness in old age is a testament to a hundred such miscalculations.

Several people, I sincerely believe, regretted the fact that they didn’t make a valiant effort to talk Sadie out of leaving Santa Monica. I must also admit that my life is full of similar regrets. It seems I was continually courting inadvisable situations and passing up great opportunities. My only solace regarding these blunders comes by way of a French saying that could roughly be translated as, “You should never beat yourself up about having made a bad choice in love, since, once you have chosen to love, you have, by definition, made a bad choice.”

After Sadie moved to Green Bay, she managed to maintain solid phone contact with me. We both were dating other people, but neither of us were, per usual, very jealous about that. We discussed our families, our jobs, and our friends and lovers, freely and openly and with enthusiasm. And, in spite of all the setbacks I’d suffered, Sadie’s voice on the telephone was enough to get me dreaming of somehow having a better life. Even at that young age I’d already lost everything in life multiple times and could be given to fits of melancholy rage, but when Sadie called, suddenly life seemed adventurous and hopeful.

The calls went on for months, and over the months she described the beauty of the great lakes region and the different lifestyle people lived there. She reflected on the slower pace of life, the continual access to natural beauty and the joy of being able to get on a boat any time and sail around Lake Michigan. She discussed the colleges there, the community organizations and civic life around her and the friendliness and helpfulness of the people in her community. These calls came at a time when I was becoming disillusioned with Southern California, but had no idea where else I might like to go as my fibromyalgia was making me almost unemployable. Moving to an area where I didn’t know anyone seemed like social and financial suicide. All I felt I could do was live vicariously through Sadie as she talked glowingly of her new home, which was really her old home, an old home she seemed to love more now than when she grew up there.

Sometimes, when I’d go back to Orange County to visit my family for a weekend, I’d end up in my parents’ bedroom talking on the old-fashioned land-line, only to be interrupted by a family member saying, “Are you talking to that girl back East again? Give it up and find someone new. You’ll probably never see her again anyway.” (Of course I had someone new, but, alas, I was not in love and would not commit. Sadie was the one I felt I could commit to if she’d ever wanted such a thing from me; and so I hung on by being her best long-distance telephone buddy while she made out in person with her old high-school boyfriends back in Wisconsin.)

The weekly calls continued on in a familiar pattern. Sadie would begin the conversation with a report on all the fun things she was doing in the beautiful countryside, detailing all the satisfying companionship she enjoyed with her hometown people; and then the conversation would shift to how resentful and frustrated I was getting with the Southern California landscape and people. It was a comparison study of supreme satisfaction and supreme dissatisfaction. And so our dialogues went, week after week.

*

One day Sadie called and was speaking in unusually elevated terms about her life in Wisconsin.
“You just can’t believe how beautiful it is here. Just the other day me and my family and got on a big catamaran and sailed around Lake Michigan. There we were without a worry in the world, with none of the big-city pressures around, just getting buzzed on some beer and drifting over the water. Up above you could see flocks of birds making their way up to Canada and on the distant shore you could see little cabins along the waterfront. It’s almost like heaven.”

Sadie’s voice took on a very warm and transcendent tone. It seemed like she really was calling from a paradise. I could practically feel her whole person come through the phone and sit next to me.

As usual, there would be my scathing opposite-of-paradise view of Santa Monica.

“My brain is rotting here. L.A. never changes. It’s just the same massive, meaningless sprawl with no real center. It’s just cultureless and rootless. I remember once Jack Keroac said, ‘Los Angeles is the ugliest, loneliest city on earth,’ or something like that. I’m amazed that anyone ever believed in this place.”

Then Sadie’s voice became softer and more inviting, “Why don’t you come here and live with us?”

“What? Are you crazy?” I replied. “How would a crippled guy out there find a job, get a place to live, get on welfare? I’d end up homeless, and then winter would come and I’d die in the twenty-below-zero cold.”

“Don’t worry about all that. You can stay with us. My family has a lot of room up here. The house is big and there are empty rooms no one’s even using. I already talked to my parents about it. They’re really supportive. They understand. They’ve been hearing all about you for years. Just move in here and then we’ll shop for a place of our own together. Rent is so low that my job combined with whatever the dole will pay you will be more than enough. Don’t sweat it.”

“That’s a lot to think about. There’s my furniture, which is all old things people were going to send to the junkyard if I didn’t take them; but still, I’m kind of attached that stuff. And then there’s the coffee table I made from a discarded refrigerator door. Where will that go? I’d need all my files and books and clothes. And then there’s my musical instruments, my pictures, all the stuff  I’d need to make myself feel at home. It costs thousands of dollars to move even a small pickup-truck’s worth of things across the country. I’d need to find a way around that problem. And I’d need to call ahead, do some research and find out what Wisconsin’s social services are like. There’s a lot to learn before making a move like that.”

“You can do it. I know you can. You’re a genius. If there’s a way to figure it all out, I know you will. You don’t have to promise me anything today, but promise me you’ll think about it.”

“Okay. Alright. I’ll try to make this work. If I can do it, when can I show up?”

“Anytime.”

“If I could do it sometime within the next six weeks, would that be good?”

“Just show up and we’ll live together whenever you get here.”

I said, apprehensively, “I’m pretty sure there’s no way for me to do this, but I’ll make you a deal: I’ll call you if I get as far as Milwaukee, and then the next day I’ll met you in Green Bay. If not, no hard feelings, okay?”

“No hard feelings, either way. You just call anytime and let me know; and your bed will be waiting,” she replied.

And thus did I enter into, for the second time in my young life, an agreement to cohabitate with a woman. Given what the reader knows about me at this point, it goes without saying that the proposition was sheer madness.

*

I began turning over every stone in order to solve the riddle of interstate moving as it pertained to indigent people. And because this was a dozen years before the Internet, one had to really be resourceful to scope out every aspect of a totally alien territory.

The only reliable way to get a sense of life on the ground in any far away place was to call people who lived and worked there. But back then long distance phone calls were expensive, and so one had to choose carefully before dialing numbers. One had to look up phone numbers in phone books to get certain types of practical information about far-away places. However, it was not easy back then to get a hold of phone books from a mid-sized city several states over. In my case, this involved going to libraries and requisitioning out-of-state phone books, or buying the phone books outright if the location was not very popular. Searching for ways to survive through out-of-state phone books and long-distance calling was so daunting that many people at that time simply gave up on any relocation that involved anything more than a day’s drive. (And flying was expensive then too. It was not as easy then, as it is now, to get a $69 discount fare to remote regions.)

Because I did not want to create high expectations and fail, I played the game of low expectations to cover myself in case my scheme crumbled under the weight of its absurdities. And so I did not let on to Sadie how close I was coming to solving the puzzle of the Santa Monica to Green Bay move. Greyhound solved almost the whole problem for me.

I figured out a way of doing interstate shipping that was almost free. And the bus ticket I bought to Wisconsin was also almost free. Because I’d found a way of moving that hardly involved any expense, I managed to gather together the necessary funds to pull off this caper by pooling my unimpressive bank accounts with some checks I’d not yet cashed and some birthday money sent from some rather distant relatives. Given that Sadie was offering free temporary lodging, I’d have enough to pay my half of a deposit when we found a place. Wisconsin social workers, upon learning about my case over the phone, told me that California and Wisconsin could probably work together to transfer my social services over so that there would be no state-residency worries.

Within a month I not only had my plan down, but I’d already told all my friends in Santa Monica, with the exception of Bobby Z, about this strange romantic adventure I was embarking upon. Although I’d been in close contact with Sadie while things were still uncertain, I was a bit minimalistic during our calls over the last week before the planned move-date.

Although I had my plan down totally, and had some confidence that I could make it work, I still wanted some wiggle room in case any part of my plan should happen to fall through. It just seemed too good to be true that I could get myself and my things across the country in a few days for almost no money, and so I was coy with Sadie.

“Hey Sadie,” I said, suppressing my usual manic excitement, “should I try to get out there in the next few weeks?”

“Honey, if you can do it, just come anytime,” she replied.

“Okay, I can’t be sure of the exact day, but can I just call you once I’m on my way?”

“Of course, of course. I already told you that.”

“Okay, great,” I said casually.

“See you whenever,” replied Sadie.

Hanging up the phone, I said to myself, “Wait till she sees how I do this. It will blow her mind.”

As it turned out, Greyhound was offering one of it’s legendary “$59 one-way to anywhere in the country” deals ($69 to include anywhere in Canada too). Since I was only going one way, my travel bill was only $59. Furthermore, it turned out that the underside of Greyhound buses didn’t carry enough luggage to fill them, thus Greyhound offered to ship huge items in the luggage compartment for almost nothing. So I managed to tape together long boxes to form desk-sized, cardboard trunks which I reinforced with extra layers of cardboard and tape. Two of these carried all of my worldly belongings except my furniture which I abandoned. And as I recall, my freight charge for this was less than my trip ticket. Who moves across the country for just over $100? Even the Greyhound employees were impressed when they saw how I combined the cheap under-the-bus freight charges with the low cross-country fare.

Little did I know that Sadie was being kind and indulgent when she’d expressed confidence in my ability to pull of such a move anytime soon. In her mind she’d passed my stated determination off as a kind of flattering enthusiasm, the sort of promise not to set one’s heart on. So imagine her shock when only a few days later she picked up the phone.

“Hey, Eddie! How are you, my dear?”

“Better than you think.”

“Really? So what are you doing today? How’s the weather
in Santa Monica?”

“I wouldn’t know. I’m not in Santa Monica.”

“Oh really? Are you on vacation somewhere?”

“No, I’m all tied up in having to move this week.”

“What happened? Did your landlord kick you out?”

“No, I had to give him notice.”

“Why?”
“Because I’m already in Milwaukee with all my stuff.”

“You’re here!”

“Yup.”

“Eddie, are you trying to kid me?”

“You won’t think so when I arrive in Green Bay tomorrow morning,” I boldly replied.

Sadie turned to her mother and said, “Mom, he’s already in Milwaukee.”

*

When I arrived at the Green Bay Greyhound station, there was no one to pick me up. Sadie was detained for some reason and simply failed to keep her agreement to meet me. (There were no cell phones then, except for the rich, and so I could not find out what happened.) I was forced to rent a mid-sized car and threw my two containers of possessions into it, one in the trunk and the other in the back seat. From there I would drive downtown and explore Green Bay until Sadie was available.

Eventually Sadie met me downtown at a diner. And over dinner she broke the news to me that her parents had needed to accommodate a relative who was suddenly on hard times, and thus I would not be able to live at their place while we shopped for a new place to live in together. Additionally, since she presumed it would be a long while before I actually pulled it together to move back east, and since she wondered if I would really make the move at all, she’d begun dating an old flame and was finding it hard to break it off with him.

Much to her surprise, I was not furious with her or panicked about the situation. I decided that I was, by nature, an explorer and adventurer, and it seemed clear to me that to spend one’s entire life living within a 100-mile radius from one’s birthplace was both cowardly and boring. Hence, even if Sadie had run off with another guy, and even if Sadie’s family had abandoned me, I would see this adventure through and experiment with living in an utterly alien environment. Any woman who has ever known me for long could tell you that I’m much more of an explorer than I am a romantic, and so I began to view the romance with Sadie as secondary and the chance to pull off a huge experiment as the primary interest for me.

Me and Sadie had been platonic friends before with very few problems, and so we could resume our platonic friendship while I searched for lodgings, part-time work, public health insurance and supplemental welfare money. And Sadie had not misled me about the landscape which was really compelling to me; and I found myself longing to make it in a much smaller urban area like Green Bay, one that was rural when compared to the megalopolis of Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego, Riverside, San Bernardino and Palm Springs.

In any case, were the whole thing to fall apart, I could simply repack my two cardboard cases, throw them back under the Greyhound bus and buy a discount ticket home. Given that I could move back home for a little over $100, it seemed like there was almost nothing to lose and much curiosity to be satisfied.

The family, hearing from Sadie that I was a very good sport regarding the drastic change of plans, invited me over for dinner more than once. And, in fact, they invited me to take that very same ride on Lake Michigan on that very same catamaran which Sadie had so glowingly described to me in her phone calls. And indeed, the whole thing was magical. Sadie and her sister, both stunning-looking, sat there on the deck of the catamaran in skimpy bikinis on folding chairs. And we all drank beers as the Lake Michigan sky alternated between windy and cloudy to clam and sunny. All all around us were those archetypal sporting boats with baseball-capped men scouring the depths of the lake for fish while seabirds circled above.

In fact, we had such a good time on the lake, and her family liked me so much — notwithstanding the fact that I was disabled, mentally-ill, penniless and unemployed — that Sadie began to reconsider committing too much to her new man, the one who had been her old man in times past. A consensus seemed to build in the family that were I somehow able to pull off a miracle and manage to establish myself in Green Bay, even as a pauper, Sadie ought to reconsider and perhaps even marry me one day. But the fickle gods of the Greek and Roman pantheons were having none of it.

*

I found a nicer-than-usual Motel 6 which was frankly more attractive to me than most of the apartments I’d lived in. But there was a problem: Summer and Fall are festival time in Green Bay and people flock there from all over Wisconsin and from neighboring states to take part in the revelry. What this meant was that Motel 6 was charging $30 per night, which was considerable money for a Motel 6 back then. This meant that it would not be long before I was both out of money and had no place to stay. Back then a low-end residential hotel might only charge $300 per month, but all the tourists gobbled up every available room, even paying residential hotel owners the equivalent of a whole month’s rent just to stay in Green Bay for a week. Frankly, I was lucky to find a room anywhere at any price, even at Motel 6.

Thus, the first order of business was to find another room somehow. As it turned out, everyone was renting out their spare bedrooms to tourists and so the people who usually took in long-term lodgers were turning away ordinary renters in order to gouge the tourists who’d pay double or triple the usual rate. Landlords were also scalping out many of their apartments at double or triple the usual rate and turning away people seeking to be regular tenants. Almost every room was being mercilessly sharked, and even the Motel 6 said they could get more for my room and were only letting me stay there out of kindness.

This housing shortage brought up an interesting welfare-oriented question that I’d never truly looked at: What is it like to try to go to a local housing authority and ask for help? When I went to the housing authority, they told me that they could have easily found a place for me if I had shown up in winter or spring, but I’d shown up in the high season and their smallish city was filled to beyond capacity with people angling to get in any which way. Furthermore, incoming college students wanting to get a head start on settling into the area were also beginning to flood in. And this presented me with a worst-of-all-worlds scenario where none of the advantages of a smaller city applied and none of the advantages of a big city applied either. It was a perfect storm of housing scarcity. It would have seemingly taken a genius or a rich man to come up with an excellent arrangement in such a situation, and since I was apparently neither, I was facing an abyss.

In spite of all these problems, the housing worker stopped all of his other projects and devoted the whole hour to trying every trick of the trade in order to shoehorn me into some kind of housing. He even looked into putting me into a homeless shelter, but alas, even the homeless shelters were full beyond capacity due to all the low-income people having to compete with out-of-towners for precious high-season rentals. Finally, he arrived at the very last and most extreme measure the housing authority had its disposal. This involved consulting a list of saintly people who had volunteered to accept new wards of the county, after all other remedies had been exhausted, in spite of the dangers of bringing the most desperate people imaginable into one’s home.

Stunningly, all of the people on the “saint list” told the worker that they had rented each and every spare room they had to lost souls who needed them, and for pennies on the dollar at that. The crest-fallen worker admitted this was the first time that had ever happened. But unwilling to give up, he again called the saintliest saint, a one Mrs. June Petrovsky, and further pleaded my case with her, even though he already knew there wasn’t a single room left in the city, not even at June’s place.

After some moments of tense discussion, the saint suddenly realized that she had a spare garage with a cast-iron furnace in it which, if a tenant didn’t mind chopping wood for it throughout the freezing winter, could theoretically keep someone from perishing in the cold. Fortunately, there was also a twin bed in there which was kept as a backup in case any of the other borders’ beds wore out or broke down. Furthermore, if I moved into the garage, I would be permitted access to the entire yard and the rest of the house, including the kitchen and the living room, even invited to watch television there every night with the landlord and her guests. And sometimes the home-maker, when her health permitted, would be cooking everyone a meal, free of charge. At a very minimum, the kitchen table would always have bowls of fresh fruit and snacks to graze from throughout the day. One way or another, she concluded, it would be seen to that I did not freeze and that I did not starve so long as I wished to remain in Green Bay. My rent, by the way, would be twenty dollars per week; and, if even harder times should come, I was welcome to skip paying some weeks here and there, just so long as it wasn’t too very often.

*

The environment, both physical and social was becoming rapidly problematic. During a heat wave, me and Sadie drove to one of her favorite open fields not so far from the lake. It was a scenic and romantic place, and the sky above was dark and wild. And while we both loved each other, we were not making many moves due to the indecisive situation we were in. Still, we were enjoying each other’s minds to no end.

Ironically, on the way to our little sightseeing expedition, I said to Sadie, regarding some highly unlikely situation, “That would be like being hit by lightning.”

There was an awkward pause, then Sadie replied, “Why would it be like being hit by lightning?”

“Because, of course, it would be extremely rare.”

“Rare?”

“Yeah, I mean, what are the odds of being hit by lightening?”

“I don’t know, but people get hit here all the time by lightning. We have to be very careful when it gets cloudy. Almost every one of the locals knows someone who got hit by lightning and survived . . . or someone who didn’t make it.”

“Then, shouldn’t we be worried about going outside on a cloudy, windy day like this?”

“Yeah, but in some places around here the lightning tends to kind of march across the fields, and so as long as you get out of the way before it gets too close, then you’re probably all right. That’s where we’re going now, to a huge, flat field where you can see the lightning marching toward shore and land. Then, once it starts making it’s way toward us, we’ll high-tail it home.”
“Are you nuts?” I exclaimed.

“Eddie, it’s beautiful. I wanted you to see it,” she serenely replied.

As she predicted, the incoming thunder storm brought the ceremonial lightning with it. And just as predicted, it marched in from the great lake and across the open meadows. Indeed we were risking getting hit by a misbehaved stray bolt in order to watch the light-parade come our way, but it turned out to be worth it. Not only was it beautiful, but it made me fall in love all over again with Sadie. Not only did she have an electric mind (no pun intended) but she could be transported by simple things, which was why I suppose she was flirting with the idea of spending her life with a guy without any real earnings potential.

Once the lightning started to get too close, we hopped into her huge truck and drove back toward town. After dropping me off at my strange lodgings in the garage, she went to her beautiful home by the lake. And there I was with the most lost souls in Green Bay wondering how I could pull my life together in such a way as to fit in with Sadie and her family.

Because June, unlike the majority of my roommates, never intimidated me, threatened me with expulsion or made me feel unwelcome, I came easily through the front door not dreading the sight of other people. It never occurred to June to bully people who she knew had nowhere else to go.

By the time you’re reduced to renting a room in a private house in California, everyone knows you’re making your last stand and are out of options and bereft of proper social and family support, and so they just cannot resist picking on you and staring at you in a menacing way in order to make sure you never feel good about yourself or ever feel comfortable in the world. June, on the other hand, made it a point to search out my insecurities with the sole purpose of making sure I knew those insecurities would never be used against me under her roof.

As I greeted June and headed toward my room, June said, “Oh good, I’m glad you’re back. I was worried about you. You know there’s a tornado warning out, don’t you?”

I came back to look at the television in the living room and said, “What?”

On the television there appeared a graphic in the shape of tornado, but the winds were not yet strong enough or near to the ground enough to produce any danger just yet. Stunned, I stared in disbelief. I had never lived anywhere in which receiving a tornado warning was even conceivable. (Once we did have a tornado in North Orange County, but it came down, tore off three roofs and went away. That was it; and no one got any warning about that.) I then went outside, and indeed the thunder clouds, black and mean and forcing wind in my face, were largely circular in shape, and some had aborted tornadoes in them that got half way to earth before the clouds reabsorbed them.

I came back in the house and then looked again at the television. A square on the bottom of the screen flashed red. I turned to June.

June said, “Honey, I think you better stay inside for a while.”

“June,” I replied. “Is it true that people get hit by lightning out here?”

“Sure,” said June. “Don’t they everywhere?”

“No, they don’t get hit by lightning in Santa Monica very much,” I said.

“Hmph. Well, I’m a simple woman. I don’t know about these things,” mused June.

The humidity in late summer and early fall was maddening. One went outside and was simply soaked with sweat. The temperature itself might be 95 or 96, but the humidity was absolute. One might as well have lived near a swamp in Louisiana. And, of course, the specter of getting up at two in the morning to chop wood to feed the cast-iron furnace so that I didn’t freeze to death in below-zero weather now reintroduced itself to my mind.

“Lightning, tornadoes, humidity and snow — how do you put up with all that?” I asked June.

“Darling, we must live by faith. We must look to the Lord. It’s beyond our power to survive on our own without His help,” she concluded.

Seeing I was distraught, she gave me a hug, for which I was grateful, and then I retired to my garage.

Behind my garage was the dying husband of June. Part of the reason she didn’t want anyone lodging in the garage until the social worker begged her to make room for me was that her husband had lung cancer and slept in a room separate from her so that he might not wake her up all night. That room was located next to the garage and separated from it by a bunch of expandable wooden slats which didn’t insulate me from the sound of his coughing very well. And thus did I spend many nights just talking to him as neither of us could sleep with him up and down all night, coughing up a storm. He, like his wife, was an incredibly kind man who was facing immanent death with stunning grace. (He, like many others, held out a hope of some miracle cure in Mexico, but that was a common and mild delusion. Overall, he was quite aware that he probably wouldn’t make it.)

For some reason, even on some of the bad nights, I was able to sleep in the garage between his coughing fits. My ability to sometimes sleep in such an odd situation was probably due to the primal experience of being accepted. Both June and her husband knew I was partially disabled, but also knew I was judged to be a malingerer; and they also knew it was extremely odd of me to make such an extreme move across the country without any real basis for imagining it would be successful. They also understood that, in addition to my physical illnesses, I was mentally ill too. In spite of all that, and in spite of the infinite number of dangers and disadvantages and burdens such a person could pose, they barely seemed inconvenienced at all to have me there. Try imagining, if you will, pleading for such acceptance in Los Angeles or San Francisco.

The bus system there was way worse than Sadie had understood it to be, but that is typical of people who mostly drive cars and trucks and rarely take buses. For days I tried to make the system work, but getting to the employment development office, getting out to job interviews, getting out to see apartments and attempting to establish myself with the welfare system there was just exhausting. Essentially, the backbone of the bus system consisted of one main bus line that frantically drove in circles through neighborhood after neighborhood, trying to pick up every poor person in the city to get them to essential services. It took hours to get just a few miles as the crow flies. And just like I could no longer afford a Motel 6 room, I could no longer afford a rental car, and so this almost nonexistent bus system was the only real transportation option. At last the bus system defeated me. Had I been able to find a room downtown, I could have made the whole thing work, but the one room I was offered downtown was inexpressibly horrid.

At last I found an acceptable welfare hotel, otherwise known in San Francisco as an SRO building; and it indeed had mostly servicable rooms. However, all those rooms were taken. Finally it was revealed that there was one room left, and it was affordable, but it was only for the most hardened of souls and I was told that I surely would not like it. Insisting on seeing it anyway, I was glumly led to look at it. It had only enough room for the bed itself, one chest of drawers and a small, ancient television. The room had no air conditioner and and it’s one window was painted shut. There was only one air shaft which provided oppressively little air circulation. In the heat and humidity, the tiny, stuffy room was almost unbearable to even stand in. If I wanted a sink or a shower or a microwave, I’d have to leave the room and find those facilities down the hall. The whole proposition was madness.

The owner looked at me and said, “I told you. I knew you wouldn’t like it.”

“Yeah, you’re right,” I admitted and turned to leave.

“Who would rent a room like that anyway?” I asked as we headed back toward the lobby.

“Usually a person on parole in very hard circumstances. Just by looking at you, I can tell you never had to live that way. You’re a bit too soft for that sort of thing,” he concluded.

Meanwhile, Sadie wasn’t helping out in the search for a place for the two of us. And she wasn’t giving me a lift anywhere as I wandered in search of a room for myself, and so I’d have to rely on that wretched bus to get everywhere as I tried to set up the administration of a complicated life from June’s garage. The whole thing was looking doubtful, but I was holding onto a slim ray of hope.

The last straw, however, was when I went out to socialize. The people of Green Bay were friendly enough. Folks were happy enough to meet me that they’d invite me into their homes and treat me to a beer. No one rejected me and no one was mean to me. But there was a glitch. The folks here were just too darn mentally healthy and so they had no edge. Perhaps the very things that made them so kind were the very things that ensured that there was almost no overlap in life experience between me and them. Already having the soul of a down-and-out beat-poet, and already having survived the loss of two families, and being pretty much in the process of losing a third, I had wild thoughts, rebellious thoughts, and things like revelations and epiphanies and fits of cynical despair; and I was prone to issuing oracular pronouncements. At that time, hardly anyone there had ever heard about most of the topics that pressed on my mind, like liberation theology, Marxism, punk-rock lyrics, performance art, installation art or what it was like to be born with birth defects and suffer massive rejection.

While California was the creator of all my problems, it was probably the only place where I could find other people to understand those problems and talk about them. The very same state that denied me so many of the basic goods of life had the only people who could relate to my particular kind of deprivation. By then it would be fair to say I’d been both deprived and depraved, the first thing leading to the second. I was just too eccentric to get any more from these people than basic kindness and a very crude material support. Unless Sadie and her people came through for me big-time, I wouldn’t be able to make it work here on my own. Only Sadie’s family had any edge, but we were on opposite sides of town, separated by the worst bus system I’d ever ridden on. And it took Sadie an hour to make the round-trip by car or truck just to get to me so I could visit them at their house; and it was yet another hour-long round-trip to drop me back off at my garage-home. The whole scene was hopeless.

Sadie and I got together one last time and I summed up the whole situation for her, and she instantly understood. And even though she probably loved her other man more than me, and even though she felt bad that she’d obviously overpromised and couldn’t deliver on so many things, I could tell she was sad anyway.

“Are you sure?” she asked me plaintively.

“Yeah, I’ve looked at every angle. If there was a way I could make it work, I would have seen it by now. But don’t feel bad. It was a wild theory and I wasn’t counting on it working out. It cost me practically nothing, and my old apartment deal was falling apart anyway. It was just a matter of time before I had to move, so this was more like a detour than anything,” I explained.

Sadie sighed and would have argued with me over my conclusions, except she knew I was right, and she knew only a big intervention on her part could change things; and she was a double-minded person who didn’t have the singleness of purpose to help me work out all the details that confronted me.

“I don’t know what to say,” she said, her voice full of disappointment.

“Well, you know what?” I said.

“What” she said.

“I love you,” I proclaimed as though it were the most clever thing on earth.

“Yeah, I know. I know,” she said, both happy to hear it and sad that someone who loved her was going away.

*

On the way back home, during meal breaks and rest stops, I wandered the streets of Chicago, Omaha, Denver, Salt Lake and Sacramento. By the time I got home I’d seen a lot of America and would make that whole trip again, from California to Chicago, by bus and by train. Having done many road trips to many other states before, and having slipped over the borders into Mexico and Canada at many points, and having flown to Hawaii for my honeymoon, I was becoming quite the little traveler for a person not yet thirty. The whole adventure to Green Bay was a proposition where very little was lost and a lot of fascinating experience and travel were gained.

Me and Sadie remained pen pals and phone pals and social media friends for a few decades after the Green Bay adventure. We only lost touch by the time she was a wife, a mother and a grandmother, at which point we had almost nothing in common. She had only flirted with edginess in the years that she knew me, and for a few years before that, but the arc of her life was one of family tradition, financial stability and robust health. At last there were just no more threads for either of us to grab onto and, finally, in my old age, she slipped from contact.

*

I slithered, blushing, back to my desk at the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center. Because the desks were ringed around the walls, no one was particularly facing the door when I came in; and they either didn’t notice me coming in or were pretending they didn’t notice. There seemed to be an invisible tension hanging in the air, which would have only been natural since I didn’t resign, but merely disappeared for an unusual number of days before returning without explanation. Amazingly, when I sat down, all of my paperwork was exactly where I had left it; and so I simply started back working on it as if nothing had ever happened.

After about a half hour, Bobby Z appeared behind my desk. I turned around. He looked perturbed, but calm, as though he were thoughtfully restraining himself from saying something he would regret.

“Hey, Eddie,” he said calmly. “It’s a bit stuffy in here today. Let’s take a walk.”

“Sure, boss,” I replied and set down the folder I was working on.

I was having one of my spontaneous-remission days. My fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue temporarily felt negligible, and so I was in a position to walk with him without undue discomfort. We wandered, making small talk, for about ten minutes. We eventually arrived at a liquor store. Bobby Z was kind enough to buy us beers before we headed over to a patch of grass called a mini-park. This would be another one of those times when I decided, for the sake of seeming sociable, to set aside the consideration of all the miserable side-effects alcohol could, at any point in time, impose on my delicate constitution.

We sat down at a picnic table. The traffic roared along as we sat in silence for a minute enjoying our beers which we covered in small paper bags out of respect for the unenforceable ban on drinking in public.

Then Bobby Z looked up and said, “So, Eddie, where the fuck have you been for the last two weeks?”

For some reason, upon hearing this, I burst out into a laugh, after which I replied, “Dude, you would not believe how deeply I’ve been fucking up my life.”

“Why didn’t you tell me you were having problems instead of just disappearing and not returning my phone calls?”
“Would you believe it was because I was having problems in Wisconsin?”

“Ah,” replied Bobby Z as he turned away and looked toward the western sky. “So it was a woman that made you do it?”

I shrugged as if to imply, “Of course. What other reason would drive a guy to such stupidity?”

Bobby Z again turned away, as if involuntarily caught up in his musings, then turned to me again and said, “Tell me everything.”

“But that would take two hours.”

“I don’t care. We’ll take the rest of the day off. Tell me every-thing.”

And for two hours, at that little park bench, I narrated a truncated version of my whole life story and then a very detailed version of how specifically I ended up in Wisconsin. I didn’t hide any of the most humiliating factors involving my odd case. During all of this, Bobby Z barely spoke, but instead seemed to accept the whole story as some kind of prolonged ordeal that it was his duty to face. Although he continually frowned, grimaced, smirked, sighed and shook his head, he nonetheless accepted the whole tale, along with all its implications about the world, into his being and endured the pain of the actual truth of it all, including all of the implications my story revealed about my probable future circumstances.

When my story was concluded, Bobby Z offered no advice, issued no orders and did not insist that I repent of my ridiculous lifestyle, but instead put his hand on my shoulder and proclaimed, “After hearing what you’ve said today, I’ve come to the conclusion that global Capitalism can never be defeated.”

“What should we do then?” I asked.

“Oh, we just have to carry on the same way we always do,” Bobby Z said with a shrug.

“What’s the point in carrying on if we know we’re going to lose?”

“That’s what heroes do, my friend. They fight till the end for what they believe in no matter the outcome.”

Overcome with emotion, I gave Bobby Z a big hug and he accepted my affection with the same resignation with which he accepted every inevitable human weakness. And when we wandered slowly back to the Community Center, there was no tension in the air. And while I knew that Bobby Z could never overtly express his feelings about me, my interactions with him reminded me of something Ram Dass said about Neem Karoli Baba:

“And because he knew everything about me — that was like I was forgiven. I think prior to that, I had a lot of things in my past I didn’t want anyone to know. And I always felt that if they knew, they wouldn’t love me. He knew, and he loved me.”

Most other people tended to reject me to the extent that they knew about my story. The more of my story they knew, they less they liked me. And while Bobby Z was rarely verbally supportive, I never felt that anything I said would push him to disown me.

Once, when I was in a particularly paranoid mood and was illegally carrying around a loaded pistol, Bobby Z, upon hearing I was in possession of this firearm, said, “Let me see it.”

I showed him the upscale weapon lent to me by a conservative friend who earned way more money than me. This conservative friend trusted me absolutely and believed everyone had a right to carry a gun no matter what the law said. Bobby Z looked intensely at the polished 38 with a 357-magnum capacity and military-style handle. He  shook his head and said with a smile on his face, “You are a bad, bad man, Eddie.” But even after saying that, he appeared pleased with me for the rest of the evening and treated me to pizza and root beer. (My second landlord in Santa Monica, a deeply disturbed Vietnam Veteran, had become unstable and was walking around our apartment complex with a gun doing battle simulations against imaginary enemies. And while it turned out that he never hurt anyone, I felt I should be armed in case one day he lost his mind completely and started viewing the tenants as the battlefield enemy.)

*

There was a certain person who was a prime mover in my life who has not been mentioned till now. He was the person whose pronunciations about my life would turn out to have the most impact, in spite of the fact that we often didn’t get along well together and often were not on speaking terms. This person was Maddy Tradden, an itinerant CEO. And he was raised in a class just above my parents’ class, one where only unqualified success in the world was acceptable. He was fearless and ruthlessly honest. His specialty was acting as an interim CEO after some public relations disaster or major scandal had driven another CEO from his job.

Maddy Tradden was a total failure at actual work in corporate environments, however, by charming his way into the social circles of several CEOs, he found out that one could fake one’s way into a corporate leadership role while not being capable of daily work in the conventional sense. True, eventually, if it was found out that a CEO was not working out, he might be excused from his position and sent on his way, but not without a golden parachute worth obscene amounts of money, the combination of benefits, stock options and severance pay being beyond the comprehension of the average worker. Almost no temporary CEO was asked to return the inflated salary he had earned over the months he “worked” at any given company. Furthermore, even a bad reputation as a CEO didn’t seem to hinder one’s ability to become another CEO once one had previously held the title.

One intoxicated CEO at a country club told Maddy, “If you just can’t hold down a real job, here’s what you do: Just get on the Board of Directors of any small charity, and then get business cards and a website that emphasize the fact that you’ve held the title of ‘Director.’ You won’t get paid for the symbolic once-a-month meetings you’ll have to attend, but you’ll quickly find out that your fellow Directors serve on other boards of even larger charities; and they’ll ask you to be on those boards too. Eventually you’ll start rubbing elbows with guys and gals who also serve on corporate boards. Party with them long enough and you’ll find yourself on corporate boards too. Do that long enough and you’ll find yourself the Chairman of a few of those boards. And it’s not uncommon for the Chairman of a Board of Directors to serve as interim CEO during a corporate shakeup. Once you’ve put in a few months as CEO at a few different organizations, you’ll eventually be able to glad-hand your way into any cushy position you want.”

Maddy was forever trying to change me. His method of trying to change me was to find some area of weakness in my life and forever pick at it. His belief was that my economic failures were not the result of any physical condition or mental illness, nor even the product of bad luck or malevolence on the part of others. There was only one acceptable explanation for my low income and that was laziness and cowardice. Thus he felt it was his duty to question my every activity, my every association, my every area of study or aesthetic preference. He was determined to root out any symptom of my taking the easy way out in any area of my life, whether this was a result of laziness or cowardice. For him laziness and cowardice amount to the same thing, weakness, unacceptable and unforgivable weakness.

Maddy became bored with every aspect of my life story unless a part of my life story revealed a weakness he could capitalize on, a weakness that had to be confronted, pulled out by the roots and eliminated altogether. He hated my love of folk music and saw my refusal to become an expert jazz or classical musician as typical of the default behaviors of losers. He despised folk music and felt that the lyrics of folk songs were vague and somehow enabled whiny parasites to engage in undeserved self-aggrandizement. And it practically goes without saying that he hated any form of religion, because religion, as he saw it, was another refuge for willfully useless people who were intentionally wasting time imagining themselves to be glorified or sanctified when what they really needed was to put their noses to the grindstone and succeed or die trying. People, he felt, should only study hard math, hard science and hard economics and just drop all of that poetry-type fluff.

In spite of this harshness toward me personally, Maddy Tradden was charismatic and disarming with most other people and always had any number of ladies in love with him. He never went without a date for more than a few days, as far as I could tell. Even when he was flopping from job to job, and even when his own attempts at running businesses failed, he never lacked for romance. Maddy’s women didn’t need men to be rich today. In fact, what they preferred was the promise of long-term fortune for which they were willing to sacrifice some amount of present comfort. And for all of Maddy’s casual appearance and casual language, his women could see that he could not be stopped and that he earnestly and sincerely insisted on major economic successes.

Me and Maddy had met in high-school, and he’d seen me through my Jesus Freak phase and my garage-band days, going so far as to play guitar on some of my recording projects and agreeing to be best man at my wedding (a wedding that preceded a cohabitation that lasted only four months). He looked on as I got a Bachelor’s Degree in Philosophy only to refuse to go on to get my Master’s. Amazed at my fecklessness, he watched me wander through endless temp jobs and short-term love affairs that never seemed to lead to much. He saw that I could not get through a single chapter in a calculus book. Unable to fix my own cars, he stared on in disgust as I had to scrap car after car because I couldn’t afford to hire mechanics. He was nauseated by my endless years with therapists who, far from condemning my weakness, lauded me for what they saw as my unique personality. But all of it, to Maddy, was just pathetic. The folk music and rock music; the Christianity, Hinduism, Buddhism and Baha’i Faith; the poetry readings, humanistic novels and abstract painting; the Liberalism, Socialism and Marxism — it all, to Maddy, just wreaked of mollycoddling self-validation in the face of inexcusable vocational failure.

Even though Maddy’s goals for me were probably unachievable at the time, and even though he despised everything I enjoyed, his advice was not always wrong. In fact, he prodded me into several things which would prove to be, in the long run, some of the most important things in my life. In order to dislike so many features of my life, he had to first learn them all, and thus, when I was floundering, he would, on very rare occasions, judge my life by my own standards, which he knew in infinite detail, and make a suggestion that would change the course of my circling-the-drain existence. Sometimes your enemy makes the one pronouncement that can save you. It’s important not to disregard it.

One day, as my Orange County life was becoming more and more hopeless, he called me up in his usually-merciless tone.

“So are you still working those shitty temp jobs and still begging those shallow Orange County blonds for dates?”
“Yeah, why?”

“You’ve got to get out of there. Can’t you see, Orange County women will never accept you as you are. That whole place is just so shallow and so lifeless. I can’t believe an artsy guy like yourself is clinging to such an existence.”

“But I don’t know where else to go. This is where I’ve spent most of my life; and I can’t even remember much from the years I didn’t live in Orange County.”

“It’s time for you to let go of the nipple. You need to grow up and get away from mommy and daddy. You need to be someplace that has a real bus system. If you’re not going to learn how to fix cars, and if you’re going to be working low-end jobs, you’re going to have to leave there. You can’t be spending four hours in transit each way each time you want to go anywhere.”

“Where else should I go? I don’t know anyone anywhere else.”

“Sure you do! You know me, and I’m in Santa Monica. And the bus system here is twice as good as the one you’re putting up with; plus they have rent control, and you’ve got to be in a rent-controlled unit with the money you make or you’re going to end up homeless. Then what?”

“But how would I get a start. Where would I stay while I look for an apartment?”

“Don’t you remember? Your cult buddy is rich; and he and his dad own a ton of apartments. Simply tell them they must let you have a place temporarily. They can handle it. They’re rich. It’s time they did something for you anyway.”

“But I’ve never lived away from my family before.”
“Your family? You’ve got to be kidding me. They’re the ones that screwed you up and ruined your life in the first place. I’ve met all your relatives and they’re lame. Frankly, you shouldn’t even bother with all that therapy you’ve been doing if you’re not going to get an hour’s drive away from your family. Never mind them. They’re useless anyway.”

“What will I do for work?”

“Temp work? That’s all you still do, right? Let me tell you something: Los Angeles County has twice as many temp agencies as Orange County; and they’ll give you more jobs. They won’t hold the fact that you seem like a weakling against you. They have gay guys and Communists and dyed-hair feminists and all kinds of weird people. So they’ll understand. Orange County is just too macho for you. They don’t get you. You need to be in a place that’s liberal enough to have mercy on you. Orange County is just merciless. They’ll never love you there.  Trust me, within a month of moving here, you’ll have women and temp jobs.”

Of course almost everything he was saying was, in some way, true enough. Obviously I had almost nothing to lose and everything to gain, and so I called my former cult buddy, the landlord, and, as fate had it, he and his girlfriend wanted to experiment with living together, leaving his wonderful apartment vacant for six months. He didn’t want to rent it out till he knew if his cohabitation adventure would work; and while he would eventually have to rent the unit out if he didn’t return to it, he didn’t want an ordinary renter just now. And so I, the temp worker, became the temp renter, paying only $200 per month to live in Santa Monica.

Maddy Tradden would later call the shots in my life in even bigger ways, and his pronouncements, no doubt, saved me several times. Even so, I eventually could not handle the constant criticism he doled out. Our contact ended when I became unable to endure the continual and harsh scrutiny that being around him entailed. But my guess is that, had not Maddy intervened, I would have eventually perished in Orange County, falling prey to drug abuse or homelessness. I could see myself, in the absence of almost any comfort or consolation whatsoever, turning to crime, even violent crime. Really, it’s a miracle I ever escaped Orange County. And it’s a miracle that I have somehow survived for decades after leaving. Santa Monica saved my life, even though it held many hardships and dangers for me. And Maddy Traddeen, though not a permanent friend, led me away from peril frequently.

*

Because Sadie and I had an on-again / off-again relationship, there were long months where other women played a far more prominent role than she did in my life, and so I must backtrack to the early days of my second apartment in Santa Monica.

After my cult buddy / landlord friend notified me that he and his live-in girlfriend were engaged to be married, he moved the rest of this things out of the apartment we were nominally sharing. And thus I began the search, in earnest, for a Santa Monica apartment of my own. He would give me a couple of weeks to search before putting the unit on the market. However I failed to find an apartment, meaning that before I got to my second apartment, there would be a strange three-month detour where I would rent the basement of a home owned by an odd couple at the opposite end of Santa Monica.

I called my temporary landlords “The British People,” but, in reality, only the wife was British, a former Londoner who worked part-time as a low-end bookkeeper who never advanced in corporate life. The husband had met her when his company decided to station him in London for several years; and when his company called him back to the United States, he brought his British wife with him.

The two ran a small real estate empire which existed due to a bunch of smart rental property purchases made by the husband. The Capital for this came from handsome inheritances both received preceding the real estate bubble. By the time the Santa Monica real estate bubble was at its height, the two were sitting on a rental-income gold mine, enabling them both to retire from corporate work. Their lives, when I met them, centered around maintaining wealth and planning luxuries for themselves.

My short tenancy with these curious people ended when they could no longer stand the smell of all the veggie-burgers I was frying in a failed attempt to become vegan. But I took the ending of the month-to-month agreement in good spirits, since the bedroom downstairs was too cramped and not conducive to hosting potential lovers. And I was a bit desperate to find potential lovers because those three months saw me having no access to Doreen while Sadie was busy checking out another alpha-male prospect. I was going to have to find a better apartment anyway, so there was little to be bitter about. In addition, the atmosphere in the house had gone from one of good cheer and fun fellowship to dark despair as the couple’s beloved miniature shih tzu dog had died while they were on vacation, probably of multiple-organ failure. And so while the ending of our short time together was slightly awkward, the three months we had together were actually quite fun, and they did their best to see me through a lonely time.

The husband was conservative, but not one of those angry or resentful types, nor one of those religious, flag-waving types. He was an Agnostic moderate with good tastes in food and wine. He was generous and good-natured; and he was only charging me $350 for a room in a nearly-new, custom-built home. Additionally, in spite of my liberal leanings and my excessive need for welfare to supplement my irregular work income, he seemed to believe in my cause and to see me as the kind of decent person the world needed more of. The wife felt overtly sorry for me, but not in a way that crossed the line into disdainful pity. Their conviviality and open conversation style reminded me of the several good years I had with my last set of parents before they reduced contact with me to the minimum required to claim to even be maintaining family relations.

The comfortable atmosphere there was not too unlike that with June Petrovsky. It never bothered them if I went into the living room to initiate a chat with them, nor did they mind me joining them to watch television. True, they were not saints and had stricter boundaries than June did, and they were not willing to let me live there for $80 per month, but, even so, they never let me go too long without good socializing and good food. And because I had a rule not to impose my semi-veganism on non-believers, I was treated, often more than once a week, to delicious meals consisting largely of meat and wine with a smattering of symbolic vegetables. (I again did not complain of my general allergies to wine, because I knew how annoying it would be to them if I’d started in on the whole “wannabe vegan who disapproves of meat and would rather not drink” thing. These were hearty people and the last thing they needed was some frail nitpicker telling them how to host.)

They understood my poverty and never resented the fact that I could not bring my own wine. And we often talked for hours until it was time to go to bed. Because I had to pass by the living room every day to get to my own room, they could, each day, gauge my mood. They were especially unhappy to see me looking lonely and lost, and when they perceived this, they usually called me in to hang out with them.

At one point I was feeling a bit lonely and lost because my landlord friend from my first Santa Monica lodgings was now in the midst of living the almost-married life with his new love and was pressed for time. Hence, aside from the odd fellowship I got at the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center, I was dealing with some temporary sense of isolation. Furthermore, the New Age Prosperity Gospel of Orange County was now sweeping into Santa Monica, and this carried with it some positive-thinking dogma that undermined my social life wherever I went. Suddenly everyone was asking why I “didn’t want to manifest prosperity for myself.” Thus, formerly-supportive friends turned into spiritualized versions of Maddy Tradden, demanding to know each detail of my life so they could finds signs of “secret, subconscious forms of self-sabotage.”

Formerly-generous friends were now not only not helping me, but called only to criticize my uneven health and low-income, assigning to both one cause, and one cause only, my alleged “fear of success brought on by an unconscious preference for failure.” They felt the best thing they could do for me was to refrain from helping me so as not to “enable my bad personal choices and my lack of personal responsibility.” There was nowhere to hide from the pandemic of  the “you create your world with your thoughts” way of thinking; and, given my particular collection of problems, there was no social upside for me whatsoever as this dogma took over most people’s minds and became an amorphous cult that no one could pin down or hold accountable.

It was my new landlord’s saving grace for me that they were both Agnostic and didn’t believe in any of the New Age theories going around. They were sensible British people, one by birth, and the other by marriage, who knew that hard times were real and not just created by wrong-think. This meant that even when they did have advice to give, it was practical advice that I could do something about, or at least take under advisement. There was nothing I could do about “my failure to exist in such a way that my thoughts produced a world that worked for me.”

Another downside of the invasion of New Age Positive Thinking into Southern California was the class distinction between those who got to complain about their problems and those who didn’t. Higher-income New Agers got to come to me with their problems because “their problems were real,” unlike my low-income problems that were just “self created by my negativity.” And so there was this nightmare scenario of me not being able to get any emotional support for my problems, since I was on a sort of spiritual parole until I reformed and started making real money, while other people, being prosperous, had “earned the right to seek emotional validation.” This class system, where low-income people are supposed to listen to all of their richer friends’ problems while stifling their own complaints, has created to the two-tiered emotional-support worthiness-scale we now have: Tier 1: If you’re prosperous, you can be trusted to vent about your problems, since you’ve shown us you’re not subconsciously sabotaging yourself. Tier 2: If you’re poor, no one should give you any emotional or financial support until you stop being negative; and we’ll know when you’re no longer being negative because you’ll finally show up in a nice car and start bringing high-quality wines to our parties.

Liberated from this New Age way of thinking, my British hosts were free to actually give a shit about how I was doing, free to listen to the dilemmas I was facing, and free to give a caring response. This helped me survive some very tough weeks where neither my lovers, my friends, nor my family were available to help me face the situations I was dealing with.

*

Nefertiti was the assumed name of the wife of my landlord. Although she was completely British, she’d taken on a royal persona complete with Egyptian stylings. And this affected her dresses, her hair, her earrings, her makeup and her jewelry. She made up her whole costume, so to speak, to project the image of a female pharaoh. And being into performance art, costume art and installation works, I didn’t question her appearance or the majestic way she sat on her living room chair as if she were seated on a throne. Nor did I have any objection to the condescending expressions that passed over her face as one spoke to her, nor did I mind her responses, many of which came out as decisive proclamations. I considered all of this part of the “admission,” as it were, to the kind of theme-park rental-agreement I had with the British people.

Maintaining an acute awareness of our class differences, I managed to excuse myself at just the right time when I met with Nefertiti and-or her husband. I never wanted to overstay my welcome and therefore lose out on future invitations to share their food and wine. Their procurement powers were far beyond mine at that time in my life, and it would have been a shame to miss out on any opportunity to live in their culinary world for a couple of hours. And so I would enter the house each night after a day of  seeking work, women and welfare, and saunter downstairs to my room after passing the living room. But I did not hurry by the living room nor try to linger around it, but went by at just such a pace that communicated that I was open to being invited into the living room but not desperately needing company. Thus, as I passed the living room and made one or two steps down the stairs, I’d hear, every few days, Nefertiti or her husband calling me back up to have a chat and-or food and wine. This strategy never failed, and I lauded myself for being disciplined in this way although, in reality, I felt incredibly needy.

After studying me for a while, Nefertiti began to sense the obvious truth, that I was not just going through a rough patch but that my life was spinning out of control and fragmenting. My utter alienation could not be concealed by my mask of upper-middle-class unflappability and joviality. At last she began to call me in for some serious confessional sessions. It was not long before she had encouraged me to confess not only my impossibly-painful family history, but also my whole dating history. She was a woman who wanted to get to the very bottom of things, not that the way things were could always be helped, but that she believed everyone should have a no-nonsense understanding of what they face and what they’re up against.

There was a guarded side to Nefertiti’s general openness, and so she only told a certain amount of her life story, which, of course, I was bound to press her about in the course of our dialogues. But, suffice it to say, her short anecdotes and pronouncements, regarding both her experiences and what those experiences said about the world, were sculpted in such a way as to deliver maximum impact. And so through these discussions I was able to understand how she viewed life, especially with regard to the critical question of personal responsibility, the question surrounding which I was accorded no mercy in either the conservative political world or the New Age spiritual world. But it turned out that she was far more compassionate and broad-minded than I’d imagined. Neither her views on psychology or spirituality were conventional. Over the course of the months, she repeatedly said things like:

“Oh my darling, you must know that I was just not made by our Creator to manage my own affairs. Were it not for my dear husband’s management of things, I’d have fallen by the wayside of some London street long ago.”

“Dear, dear, you have been through quite a lot haven’t you. Well, darling, you’re going to have to get yourself a protector. If your parents won’t take on the role, you’ll have to marry a rich woman somehow. There’s no way, in heaven or on earth, that you’ll be able to manage otherwise. The world is brutal, my dear. Delicate people simply can’t be exposed to the full force of it. It’s just out of the question, out of the question totally.”

“Ah, but then you’re just holding on for dear life, aren’t you? It’s a damn shame some rich uncle didn’t just set you up in business and give you a title. How on God’s green earth will you present yourself to world with a skimpy resume listing typing jobs and dish-washer jobs? No, no. It’s just not right. I’ve told my husband to look for some kind of symbolic opportunity for you through his connections. I’ve explained everything to him. We’ve seen eye to eye on this. He’s had a very big business deal fall through recently, but had it come through, you know he was going to give a small stipend and a title so that you could get a better class of work and not be battling your way up from utter penury. It’s pains me that we couldn’t do more for you just now.”

Such were her strong reactions to the tales of my family history and work life. But her main summing up of my dating-life problems, especially those related to my days in Orange County, rather shocked me in terms of their bluntness and their political incorrectness.

I had told her how my relative poverty had led to a series of breakups in which many women indicated that my floundering vocational life was the central cause of their unhappiness with me. Over time, I ended up telling Nefertiti countless quotes from women like:

“If we stay together, I’m going to have to budget so carefully that I’ll have to worry about whether it’s okay or not to buy a soda at work.”

“If we lived together, we’d have old silverware and cheap china sets. It would be embarrassing. Guests could see we were pinched.”

“You seem like a nice guy, but I’m at this club tonight to try to meet a guy who can help me with my bills. You don’t think I spent all this money on my appearance to land a poor guy, do you?”

“You need more self-confidence. You’re never going to get anywhere with these seven-dollar-an-hour jobs. Sure, you’ll get a raise and earn eight collars an hour. But then when you lose that job, you’ll be back to seven dollars an hour again. I need a real man.”

“Maybe one day you’ll finally have a lucky break in the art world, but a lot of those guys really only take home $100,000 per year after expenses, and I’ve dated too many guys like that. You’re a very dreamy person, being a poet and philosopher and all, but I need more than dreamy. I’m thinking my new minimum needs to be 200K.”

“I could fall in love with you, but I need a guy with a house. I know the other guys I’m dating are assholes, but I guess most of the guys who own houses are assholes. What can I do? We can’t live off of your welfare check.”

“I can get guys like you anytime. Yes, I know you love me, and I know the sex is good, and I know I could be totally happy with you. But happiness is not enough. I want more. I want a guy who, when I see him, makes my heart pound out of my chest. Great guys like you are a dime a dozen. I need a guy where the sex is blazing hot, not just good.”

“There’s something really deep about a guy with money. I can’t say for sure what it is. But I want to go to real clubs, not the cheap kind you go to, but one’s with high door-charges. Ones where the crowd is upscale. I don’t want to live in squalor.”

Most women who I’d told these same tales to either claimed I was lying outright, or, if they agreed the stories were probably true, still became quite irritable after hearing them. But for some reason Nefertiti never got angry at me for telling her these stories. And she tolerated my frank admission that I’d tried very hard to get attracted to larger women because they tended to be much more lenient on the money issue, but, at last, after many dating attempts, I just wasn’t able to make the chemistry work. Nefertiti even agreed that while financial issues can be forced, sexual attraction can’t. She not only refrained from hating me for my failure to be sexually attracted to larger women, but she went on to commit the gravest sin known to the sisterhood: In disputes between men and women, she sided with men.

The sisterhood collective has one mandatory rule, and should any woman break that rule, she is to be personally shunned, socially blacklisted and financially ruined. This rule is commands women to never take a man’s side in any gender dispute. And a sub-rule within that rule is to never, ever, at all costs, admit that a woman could behave immorally or have bad motives, unless she defects from the sisterhood, in which case she must be destroyed. Destroying dissenters is the core disciplinary element of the sisterhood collective.

The other main rule of the sisterhood collective that Nefertiti violated was a violation by omission. It’s not a mandatory rule, though employing it proactively is highly supported: If, in any situation, a man appears to have the moral high-ground in a dispute with a woman, the woman is encouraged to just shout the word “misogyny” over and over again until the guy gives in and begs pitifully for forgiveness in some kind of North-Korean-style self-denunciation.
Amazingly, Nefertiti tossed this rule aside too and suffered along with men, pitying what men go through, the whole time admitting it was unfair. And in one of our last discussions, she uttered an unthinkable paragraph for which the sisterhood collective must condemn her to eternal torment forever and ever:

“Well, it’s us, you know. It’s my fault too. You know what we’re doing, don’t you. We’re driving men to homosexuality. We’re just not worth it, not worth all that effort. The cost is just too high. I know how demanding I am of my husband, and I know it’s wrong, and I’ve told him so. But I can’t help it, you see. When a man needs sex, all he’s wanting is a little kindness. And do we give it to him? No. We put him through God-only-knows what hoops and trials and ordeals. How my husband puts up with me, I’ll never know. It’s by the grace of God, you know, that he doesn’t throw me flat out on my face. What do I do here? Well, I can do a little basic bookkeeping and type a few letters; but basically I just fluff myself up every day and begin demanding the world. I can’t control it. I don’t know why. But there you have it. If we women don’t stop this, we’re going to drive all the men to homosexuality. Oh darling, how many of my friends came to me privately and they said, ‘Nefertiti, I’m sorry. I’m not strong enough anymore. I’m just not up to the job. The job is too big for me.’ And next thing I know, they’ve gone underground and are dating men. How horrible that a man must pay hundreds of dollars an hour just to be touched or talked to. It’s a crime, and I’m committing it too. I’m so sorry, sorry that there’s no help for it. I can just see it now, because in a few years you’ll come by with a new boyfriend in tow. And we could have prevented it, but we drove you — drove you away. Ah, it hurts when I just think of it. A decent guy like you, driven to homosexuality.”

But, in spite of Nefertiti’s courage, which I greatly admired, she turned out wrong in one of her assertions. Haven taken her to be implying that I had nothing to lose and might as well try dating men, I indeed went to several gay clubs, but alas, was unable to force myself to be attracted to men. That being said, I have been told of several straight men who were able to “make the switch,” as it were. One man said to us, “I ran out of options with women and tried men just because I needed some kindness.” And he went on to tell in graphic detail, which I won’t reproduce here, the specific kindnesses he experienced, which were, needless to say, plentiful and full of every sort of variety.

It must also be noted that in my dialogues with Nefertiti, I also proved to be wrong, wrong in my belief that I could never be attracted to a big woman. As fate would have it, my very next sexual partner in Santa Monica would turn out to be a total amazon, 5’10” and not slender. (At that time I was a rather emaciated-looking 145 pounds, which was pretty thin, back then, for a man who was 5’9½.”) My next lover could, at any given time, weigh anywhere from 160 pounds to 225 pounds — averaging 180-190 pounds — and yet we indeed had a lively sex life.

And this is why we must all be careful when claiming any self-knowledge, because we never know when a supposedly-permanent feature of ourselves might prove to be temporary. As one very large female pop star, Romeo Void, said, “Never say never!” (Yes, I had a crush on her too.) And, speaking of Romeo Void, she also uttered the line, “I might like you better if we slept together,” indicating that anyone, having once opened their mind sufficiently, might not necessarily be able to shut that mind back up again.

*

There is a class of old sayings among conservatives, positive-thinking advocates, hard-core life-coaches, sarcastic materialists and people who won’t accept any excuses. In one form another, these sayings amount to something like, “In case you didn’t know it, no one is going to come knocking on your door tomorrow and change your life for you.” And such people will also typically reinforce the foregoing with something like, “I hope you’re not just laying in bed all day praying for God to send miracles to your doorstep.” (I’m not sure where this nearly-universal revulsion toward salvation by home-delivery came from.)

And so the contrast is drawn between bold men of action who completely self-author their own worlds and useless men who whine to heaven about a fate they themselves could change were they to simply roust themselves and proceed to overpower destiny. Life-coaches, especially the ones who force themselves on people, seem to believe they have the divine power to say, “Lame man, rise up from your bed and walk!” But alas, lacking the compassion of Jesus, they resurrect almost no one.

Being in no condition to become the bold, self-made man of action who conquers the planet with an iron will, and given my doubts about surviving to my thirtieth birthday, how, one might ask, did I even live to tell the story of my past in Santa Monica? The answer is not one that will make my critics happy. But, in answer to my groveling, pathetic, bed-ridden prayers, the inscrutable gods sent a beautiful stranger to knock on my door one morning and change my entire life for me. My detractors were furious that I barely lifted a finger while the answers to insoluble puzzles were simply handed to me for free.

*

The next part of My Santa Monica story revolves around the curative properties of alcohol, sex, parasitism and delusions of grandeur. And alcohol is an odd inclusion in this list, since, at any point, up till then, I could have such bad allergic reactions to it that I could barely breathe, and yet, as the story will show, in some phases of my life, it proves to be a decisively restorative medicine. Which effect it will have, and when, is anyone’s guess; and in each episode of my life, we must only wait and find out.

While many people would have liked this novel to have concluded with something like, “I was at last redeemed by chastened sobriety, humble discipline and unflinching self-reliance,” no such thing was ever true in my life nor in the lives of anyone I’ve been able to examine in any depth. Many people have made claims in my presence to the effect that only by humble quietness, commando-level discipline and 100% self-created states of mind, they were able to transform their lives without one shred of outside aid. But whenever they were subjected to even an hour of scrutiny by me, they at last confessed that no such proposition could even possibly be real, and they further admitted that they were told by others to parrot those lines by people who admitted they themselves didn’t even believe such things. They were told something like, “This is how you manage poor people who come whining to you about life not being fair.”

The great street philosopher of Santa Monica, Jessie Samurai Jones, once said to me in a heavy Japanese accent, “I really do not like to spend the weekend at other people’s houses. However, it is good to do so, especially if you stay at the house of an enemy. Over three days you will both get to know for sure that nothing either of you says can be taken seriously. This is actually the way the great sages of the past achieved enlightenment.”

The hard truth about human lives is that they vary from each other as much as the stars in the heavens do. One person’s poison is another person’s cure, and no one can tell, even though they claim they can, what will work for anyone else. If anyone claims to know your answer, they are lying and will soon be seeking to exploit you. Even psychosis itself is often the lesser of several evils, shielding the patient from sane truths that could kill them instantly. In this way, I trust other people to know what they have to do. If we judge people harshly, it’s because we believe we understand the choices they are facing. And perhaps the reason Jesus said, “Did no one condemn you? I do not condemn you either,” was because maybe not even God can evaluate the perilous array of impossible questions involved in managing a human life. And if Avatars are God-in-the-flesh, maybe they come here because God, until He himself becomes fully human, can’t even evaluate a human life, let alone judge it.

*

This portion of my tale starts with a housing miracle. I got a wonderful studio apartment in the center of town and thus could easily be reached by everyone. Our street had abundant parking, even though the parking situation in most of the town was miserable. My studio was on the top floor of an old building on a small hilly area. My apartment even had a view of the water which started several blocks away. I got it for only a three hundred dollars a month. It was perfectly situated for easy access to the county hospital, my part-time employer, the main bus line and the welfare offices. Such an arrangement would have been like being transported to paradise had it not been for a horrific resurgence of my fibromyalgia. It had gotten so bad that I was reduced to working only four hours per day at a minimum-wage delivery job shortly after moving in.

By sheer luck, before my symptoms forced me again onto disability, unemployment and part-time work, I’d been working one of my higher-paying full-time temp jobs for weeks on end. The new landlord only required copies of my most recent pay stubs, pay stubs which bore numbers which were unusually high for me. Hence, I appeared to make the minimum income of $900 per month required of all applicants. Little did the landlord know that my income would go down to $300 per month the week after I moved in and that I would only be able to afford food by being on Food Stamps.

*

The weeks after I moved into my new place were very socially isolating as many family members and friends were being very sparse in their conversations with me, sometimes implying that I would soon turn into a major con man and try to rob them of their fortunes. The fear of malingerers was so deeply rooted in our Orange County culture that we were taught, from a young age, that old age, disability and mental illness were not real, but were things people manufactured to try to get undeserved sympathy. Since my life story, as it evolved, made that doctrine impossible to believe, they began, perhaps to save their own belief system, to simply construct an alternate biography about me in which virtually everything they observed was to be forgotten, denied or explained away.

To show the reader how deep the belief in this alternative narrative about my life went, I proffer this tale from when I was twenty and still living at home: One day, months after two major surgeries in which doctors fought to save my leg from amputation, one of my family members said, “Don’t limp! Why are you limping?” Of course I was limping because a portion of the lower tendon in my left leg was gone. Not only that, but there was also substantial muscle loss and bone loss in the area; and I was grateful to be merely limping, since doctors were not sure I’d ever be able to walk again. But instead of hearing sighs of relief that I was using a leg that had almost been lost, I was told, “ Walk normally! We won’t have a cripple in this house!”

Later, when I realized I would never be in good enough psychiatric shape to be a proper father to children, I let my family know that I’d decided to eventually have a vasectomy. But then I was told, “You will reproduce!” The psychiatric bills that were arriving at our house and forwarded to the insurance company apparently did not constitute evidence of a mental-health problem.

It goes without saying that my psychiatric condition was worsening, not merely because my family was afraid to help monetarily, but because they distrusted me totally, and our once-lively banter had been reduced to cautious, guarded statements and reproachful glances. In group gatherings, there was so much tension in the air that often a family member would finally burst out with, “Are you faking like you’re in pain just to trick the government into giving you welfare?” And at other times, at other gatherings, someone would look my way and say, “I hate it when the government just gives everything away to undeserving people.”

Because I was defenseless against this groupthink, and because every member our of our massive, extended family had been told to keep conversations with me to a disciplinary minimum, I was tormented by loneliness. Several friends from Orange County had sided with this consensus and thus emotional support from them was limited to motivational coaching sessions where they would attempt to talk me into giving up the idea that there had ever been medical or psychiatric issues in my life. All of this was surreal because many of my family and friends had driven me to the hospital many times and were quite aware of all the surgeries I’d had. They watched as a army of doctors, psychiatrists, surgeons, dentists, audiologists and social workers fought to keep my fragile life duct-taped together.

One possible explanation for all of this denial was that the burden of my continually-failing health could have become just too much to bear for a family that was only held together by the thinnest of emotional threads. It took a total of five marriages before my current family was formed, and maybe all of that loss and pain was already too much to face. These people had been through the Great Depression, World War II, divorce, remarriage and their own medical and dental problems; and maybe, in the end, one day, when my fibromyalgia came, they snapped and couldn’t take it anymore and retreated into a fantasy world in which they told everyone, “He’s fine. He doesn’t need any help. Don’t worry about him. There’s no problem.”

And too, no one wants to be robbed of their time to shine; and no one wants to miss out on their chance to grab at unfettered happiness while the getting is good. Perhaps recent financial successes, amounting to a modest amount of wealth, inspired in them a desire to just finally live without any of the burdens of the past holding them down. And, in this new affluent environment, it might have felt like following along with my problematic life story was just too depressing. They now had the opportunity to enjoy the high life,  to continually travel, continually party and continually laugh. The idea of having to return their attention back to an annoying weakling was just out of the question. The only answer was to just shut down my whole story and escape from it for good.

It was interesting to note that once they got the notion to push me to the margins of their world and cut me out of all the internal family deliberations, they didn’t stop there. Having already got rid of a huge lot of heavy baggage, they decided to clear the decks of the family ship, clearing out as much dead weight as possible. Soon other relatives were put on the Z-list and relegated to receiving one hastily-scribbled line at the bottom of a badly-done Hallmark card per year. Soon cousins and uncles were telling me they couldn’t get a call back from my family. And I noticed that no wealthy or up-and-coming people got the boot, only the eccentric low-income people, all of them waved away with that eternally-absolving Protestant chant, “Lazy, lazy, lazy.” 

I despaired at being relegated to the most truncated and bland of family conversations, conversations which could not have really been sincere since my family totally thrived on outgoing, loud, long and incessantly-curious conversation. It’s not possible that, overnight, they turned into boring minimalists. I was being rejected, and the pain of that was almost too great to face.

*

Life at my new apartment was made harder due to how complicated my fibromyalgia situation was getting. Fibromyalgia was unknown to most doctors and psychiatrists at that time. This meant that sometimes I could not get short-term disability, since disability forms require an illness to be named on the form. My illness had no name, at least not according to most regular doctors. Therefore I was on the verge of going homeless without disability income to bolster my flagging work life.

I had managed to get disability through one county clinic facility where one doctor declared me to have Raynaud’s syndrome. Having named a disorder meant that, for now, the form could be completed and sent to the county. The Raynaud’s diagnosis made sense because my hands appeared to have unusual blood flow which, the doctor guessed, was being set off by stress. This diagnosis bought me six weeks of time.

At last I wore out my welcome at free clinics, county clinics and low-end private practices. This meant that I would not be able to make rent and eat unless I got another disability form signed. But doctors began telling me that only a high-end rheumatologist could possibly understand my case enough to sign off on any additional disability claims. My only option left was to try to get an appointment at UCLA medical center, but the doctors there had already treated their quota of indigent patients that year and they were only taking insured patients. They couldn’t accept me unless the county agreed to put me on a some government-funded program that would reimburse them.
The county kept putting me off and my chance at being saved by disability payments was slipping away. I didn’t have enough money to make the coming month’s rent. Facing homelessness, I freaked out and told the county social workers that my disability was running out and that I’d wind up on the streets if I couldn’t get in to see a rheumatologist at UCLA. I needed the doctors at UCLA to sign my disability form with a new diagnosis on it or I’d be doomed. And I also told them that if I ended up homeless, I’d just bring my sleeping bag into their office and lay down there, refusing to go until the cops dragged me away screaming.

They apparently believed me because they got me into that most exclusive rheumatological research department within forty-eight hours. The doctor I got was not only familiar with my condition, but, by sheer coincidence, was one of the few researchers that knew as much as anyone in the world about it. Because he was also a professor and was trying to teach his students about people with my condition, he brought them in during our second visit to show them what a classic case of fibromyalgia looks like. The students were thrilled at the chance to meet a newly diagnosed case and seemed to completely sympathize my circumstance.

Because the clinic stood behind me and my diagnosis, the state processed my disability form and enough money was provided for me to stave off homelessness. The clinic not only stood behind me for the better part of a year, but made me feel that I might not be losing my mind. And by that time, given the loss of almost all my credibility, I had begun to question myself and offered to see a county psychiatrist if indeed I was somehow crazy and hallucinating my symptoms.

The lead researcher told me, “No, you’re not crazy. We won’t be referring you to a psychiatrist. There’s no way you could have made up that exact collection of symptoms, nor anyway you could have described the onset of the disease unless it were real. That’s because we’re only just discovering this condition and the public has no access to information about how this disease feels, looks or commences. There are only a few clinics in the world that know what we do at this time.”

Regarding fibromyalgia, he went on to say, “It’s incurable. You’ll have it for life. It’s in a class with other disorders for which there is no widely agreed-upon protocols. Our findings here are that the disease can be managed so that the symptoms are reduced but never eliminated altogether. Over time, we can teach you how to live with your condition more effectively. Perhaps we can get you back to fifty percent of what you once were, but don’t expect much more than that.”

Before fibromyalgia entered the mainstream consciousness, and before the Puritans had a lock on the medical publishing world, doctors were allowed to tell the truth about what did and didn’t work for their patients. By contrast, conformist medicine revolves around doctrines more than patients; and so the later consensus about fibromyalgia revolved around vindicating medically-oriented political correctness. And so the conformist doctrines predictably preached a treatment regime that centered around eliminating caffeine, tobacco, alcohol, promiscuous sex, red meat, carbohydrates and all self-indulgent sinfulness. When in doubt, the Puritans just prescribe the same things for everyone: vegetarianism, veganism, cleanness, soberness, uptightness and rigorous positive thinking. In then end, it all degenerates into language control, thought control and sexual control. Political correctness and puritanical medical correctness have merged and now poison everything they touch.

But since my doctors were working on me before the Puritans took over, they could come out and tell me, so long as I didn’t quote them by name, what the real treatment regime for a person like me really ought to be. Here’s what it was. Brace yourself Puritans. This will hurt: gentle stretching exercises in the morning; two long, hot baths every day; twelve hours in bed per night; one large dose of muscle relaxers; two alcoholic beverages; two solid doses of caffeine; as much massage as one could obtain; and extra helpings of any kind of sex one could get. If a doctor prescribed such things today, they would have his head. And I have more bad news for the control freaks of California: That treatment regime worked and produced the 50% improvement contemplated, improving my condition enough that I did not die the untimely death my dentist had predicted.

(And so I remain convinced that medical Puritans, sexual Puritans, sobriety Puritans, dietary Puritans, positive-thinking Puritans, and race-and-gender Puritans are all pariahs. If you want a happy life, you must flee them the moment you discover them. I shall one day write a book on how to discover who these people are (because they they hide their ideology well) and how to escape their clutches. There are good people in California, but they’re tricky to find as they themselves live in fear of being purged by the groupthinkers who run everything.)

However, there were some concerns about my treatment plan. I could not afford coffee, not the good stuff (and the cheap stuff made me sick to my stomach). Additionally, I could not afford quality alcohol (and the cheap stuff gave me insufferable allergies). A dietitian I consulted gave me some detailed explanation as to why the cheap coffee and the cheap alcohol gave her patients side effects that the expensive stuff did not, but I could not absorb the details of what she was saying. In any case, I was penniless and could not afford what I needed.

Only being able to afford rent and food, and not enough food to keep me well-fed, how was I to afford both a massage therapist and, ideally, a physical therapist? And even more perplexing: How on earth was I to find sex in this condition?

Beside the need for a masseuse, there was a temporary need for a physical therapist because the gentle stretching exercises hurt too much. The doctor said this was normal in the beginning, and, for a short period, it was helpful to have a physical therapist lift the patient’s arms and legs for them. Later they’d build up the strength to do the stretches on their own. As you could imagine, the penny-pinching county medical insurance plan administrators were having none of that. No physical therapy, no massages. I got about 20% better due to the muscle relaxers and baths and bed-rest, but it wasn’t enough. I needed more outside help.

I was starting to give up hope. Aside from on-again / off-again work, I lingered on disability, facing what looked like the end of my life, wondering how I was to turn things around to get to that 50% improvement me and my doctors were hoping for. It seemed that I had no future. And though I was certain the gods had deserted me, I prayed to them anyway, focusing my strongest prayers on a person I imagined to be The Supreme God of The Universe whom I named Ēd.

As the days marched forward, each cleaning chore, each meal that had to be cooked, each trip to the neighborhood store, seemed to be far too painful; and yet I still sometimes tried to work. But one reason I had to keep going on and off disability is because fibromalgia famously produces a lack of concentration. As a part-time delivery driver, I was crashing the vehicles I was paid to drive, running into walls, hitting other cars and sliding into ditches. (By pure luck, no cars, people or property were damaged enough by my multiple collisions to ever draw the attention of the police or the insurance companies. One person’s car was damaged somewhat, but they were uninsured and didn’t want to report the accident since they had no insurance and might lose their license if they reported the incident.)

From my sickbed, I begged the moody gods to send me an angel of mercy, someone who could miraculously turn my life around. As my critics might say, I was guilty of openly praying for someone to just show up at my doorstep and start solving my problems.

For reasons we cannot comprehend, the fickle gods heard my prayers, and thus did that long-awaited stranger deliver that long-awaited knock on my door. It was a shockingly-beautiful woman. She not only had coffee and alcohol, but she had a Rolodex. She would wield them all to great effect. She herself would not be my next lover, but would find me my next lover, that amazon of whom I formerly spoke. Because of these new friends, I became a painter and performance artist, quasi-vocations that lasted for years and gave me, at least for a good while, a new lease on life.

*

As I pulled open the door, probably looking twice my age as I struggled to emerge from a fitful nap, a smiling, fair face as bright as the sun said, “Would you like a drink?”

It was eleven in the morning, a strange time to be asked that question, especially by a stranger of the opposite sex. Shaking off my disbelief, I feigned a composed air and said, “Did you say, ‘a drink?’”

“Yes,” said the 5’3” goddess with bright, red hair shimmering in the sunlight that streamed through the hallway window. Her eyes were green and inviting; and her casual slacks and blouse, though not at all formal, were upscale and elegant. Everything about her voice, earrings, facial expression and shoes betrayed an understated opulence.

My stringy hair was a mess. My tee-shirt had been worn three days in a row to save on laundry money. My cheap sweatpants, which I used as pajamas and all-day wear, sagged around my skinny hips. Summoning up the most formal composure I could, I replied, “Could you excuse me for just a few minutes. I’m a bit out of sorts and I need to get myself together.”

“Fine,” she said, “I’ll be here. Just come out when you’re ready.”

I rushed to the bathroom, did a five minute shower, face-wash and hair comb. Dashing about, looking for some presentable outfit, I managed to throw on my old work outfit which, while not up-to-par, was at least not disgraceful. Ten minutes later I poked my head out the door and she was still standing there patiently, still smiling. I went into the hall and softly pulled my door shut behind me so that she could not see the disorder of my personal world.

Assuming a semi-refreshed grin, I said, “Sorry to keep you waiting, but did I hear you say you wanted to have a drink with me?”

“Yes, that’s it. In the society I come from, it’s only proper for a woman to have her late-morning constitutional before tending to the drudgery of afternoon business. But my drinking companion is nowhere to be found lately. I think she has a new boyfriend and is a bit distracted these days. One mustn’t drink alone, you know. And I’ve seen you struggling up and down the stairs when you go to get your mail. You seem like you’re in some kind of pain, and, in my experience, a good stiff drink or two, or three, is a great pain reliever.”

“It’s funny that you should mention that because, well, my doctor has prescribed a bit of drinking for me, but I seem to be short of funds these days; and I’ve been a bit afraid that the wine or beer might kick up my old allergies.”

“Don’t worry about allergies. I drink a very pure kind of vodka. At the right dose, it can be good medicine, and without the side effects of those nasty pills doctors give out. Will you join me?”

“Where?”

“In my apartment. It’s only two doors down from you. I’ve been watching you for days. Pardon my frankness, but you seem lonely for a man who’s only in his late twenties. I’m only twenty-one, but, to be honest, lately, I feel just ancient. But it’s not proper for me to bend your ear with my anxieties without first offering you some refreshments.”

“Refreshments?”

“Yes, a little vodka, a little water, just a twist of lemon . . . and then whatever snacks you might need. I can’t even eat all the food in my pantry. It’s bursting at the seams; but if a gal’s going to retain her figure, she can’t be raiding the pantry without someone to share her snacks with. Otherwise I’d be tempted to eat a whole box of cookies by myself, you know?”

“Could I join you in a minute. I seem to have forgotten to take care of one last detail in my apartment.”

“Sure, just come over when you’re ready. I’ll leave the door unlocked. Just come in.”

Excusing myself in as genteel a manner as I could, I rushed into my apartment and brushed and flossed my teeth and shaved. I even dug out the remnants of an old bottle of mouthwash and gargled. Then, sensing she’d want to see my place later, I tossed all the dirty clothes in a hamper, cleared away all of the empty coke cans and wiped down the kitchen counter. Then I scrubbed the previous day’s food off the plates in my sink and put them in the dish-rack. I threw open the windows to let in some fresh air as my room smelled like an unkempt nursing home. Some twenty minutes later, just about ten minutes before noon, I awkwardly padded down the hall to my neighbor’s apartment and softly rapped one knuckle on her large, heavy, wooden, aqua-blue door.

By 1:00PM we were both nursing a smooth, long buzz. Her apartment and her person were so amiable and richly comfortable that it was almost impossible for me not to feel like a starving, stray dog who had been brought off the street before perishing and led into the home of a millionaire. We talked for two hours and, not wanting to overstay my welcome, I made up some reason to excuse myself before the magic of the day wore off. But as I left, she let me know that I would be expected to show up for that same constitutional the next day, and the day after that.

Collapsing onto my little bed, I fell into a deep, restful sleep, not only because I was buzzed, but because someone had seen my condition and accepted me anyway. And this person had booze money, which would solve one more piece of my treatment puzzle.

Two hours later I woke up feeling like I had been born again. But, after taking a few steps toward the kitchen, it became clear that I was not nearly cured. There were other things I needed to get my recovery into full swing, and I didn’t have any idea how I would manage to acquire those things. But rather than complain to myself about my unresolved problems, I put a chair near my kitchen window and sipped on some cheap herbal tea as I watched the sailboats floating across the harbor. It had been a better day than usual, and I was grateful.

*

One evening Dorothy again knocked at my door. I was invited for an evening coffee. Having often found coffee undrinkable, I was skeptical about trying it yet again. On many occasions I’d forced it down in order to survive this or that situation, but I could never say I loved it. And if the coffee was really cheap, it might make me feel like I was on the verge of vomiting.

Up till then, all I knew of the coffee experience in America had to do with stale pots of Folgers coffee poured in tacky diners and bowling alley restaurants. Coffee was a desperation thing that people at truck stops took, like a stimulant pill so that they wouldn’t crash while crossing vast stretches of the country overnight. Coffee was the salvation of poor security guards and beleaguered policemen working the graveyard shift. But it was nothing anyone did as a high-end luxury. At least that’s what I had thought.

“Coffee?” I said.

“Yes, coffee,” Dorothy replied.

“Well, my doctor and my county mental health worker mentioned that I should drink some coffee, but I can’t seem to afford to get the good stuff. A few fancy restaurants my parents took me too had some really fresh, smooth-tasting stuff, but that’s a rarity; and the coffee I can afford makes me sick to my stomach. I can’t be going to fancy restaurants every day, and the cheap stuff I tried to make at home tasted awful.”

“But have you had espresso?”

“No, what is it?”

“It’s made from an Italian coffee-making machine.”

“What does the machine do that’s so special?”

“It’s hard to explain if you haven’t seen one. Just come over and I’ll show you.”

“Okay, I guess I should check this out. But can you give me a few moments?” I said, nervously.

“Sure, the door is open. Just come in when you’re ready,” she replied before almost skipping off down the hallway.

For some reason, I hated showing up to Dorothy’s place looking like a wreck, and so I rarely came over the minute she asked me to, but engaged in some kind of grooming ritual before going over. And so this time, like the previous times, I dashed into my apartment and shaved my face and then washed it vigorously, then stuck my head in the shower to get my unruly hair damp enough to comb into some kind of presentable shape.

And because I had lately lost a lot of my already-compromised self-confidence, I needed a minute to deal with social invitations, to take a few deep breaths and try to calm the nervous waves of electricity that seemed to flow through my veins whenever any perceived pressure was put upon me. Having pulled together a false air of distinguished composure and broad-minded curiosity, I waltzed into Dorothy’s apartment as though I were not a bundle of fatigue and insecurity.

She invited me to have a seat in the living room. Then, from the kitchen, one heard a certain grinding and pounding, followed by a strange whirring and hissing. Unable to contain my curiosity, I wandered into the kitchen.

Dorothy looked back at me with a smile as she stood in front of the espresso machine and said, “Have you ever seen one of these?”

“No,” I said, my eyes wide open with wonder. “What is it?”

“My parents imported this espresso machine from Europe. The beans are from Africa. This kind of coffee is becoming all the rage in upscale neighborhoods. Someday everyone will drink espresso.”

“Is it strong?”

“Oh yes, very strong. you’ll see.”

She served me my first cup of espresso in a tiny teacup on a delicate saucer. The smell was so pungent that it rose from the cup to my nostrils immediately. I became a bit worried that I might not like this new beverage at all as it appeared to be just a stronger version of the coffee I already disliked. But I gave it a sip. Dorothy looked on smiling.

Boom! I was immediately won over by the deep, rich, bitter taste. She had ground some spices and sprinkled them over top of the espresso; and the spices made the whole thing seem like an extremely-dark form of chocolate or a very rich caramel. Dorothy laughed at my excited pleasure and got up to pour me another small cup; and we proceeded to drink many small cups throughout the evening.

By the time I left to go back home, I was having a kind of out-of-body experience. It reminded me of being on cocaine; and so I was looking at a best-case scenario, a legal high that I could not really afford but that was a fraction of the cost of illegal stimulants. And, just like with the vodka, Dorothy assured me that she could treat me to espresso any time. She could easily afford the cost of keeping us both in vodka and espresso. (The idea of alcohol in the morning and coffee at night had never occurred to me, but desperate people can’t quibble over blessings and must usually take them in whatever form they’re available.) And Dorothy was correct in not being worried about the side effects I might have to espresso, because the simple fact was that I wasn’t having any side effects.

My doctors had mentioned the pain-killing aspects of strong doses of caffeine, but I was skeptical. However, now I believed them. Strangely, even while high on all that espresso, I passed out and had fabulously-wild dreams, at last waking up in the middle of the night feeling better than I had for weeks. I decided to just stay up the whole morning, perhaps trying to take a walk at dawn along the waterfront. It was seven blocks away, but with the help of a walking stick and the pain-killing caffeine still surging in my veins, perhaps I could do it.

At dawn, I took my long, homemade walking stick, made from the fallen branch of a tree, and trudged down toward the water. I stopped after walking one block and rested on a bus bench, then I stopped again after the second block, sitting on a planter box. After several rest stops, I made it the half-mile to the water. And while there was no way I could take a job involving standing for eight hours a day, as many low-end jobs required in those days, my caffeine and alcohol therapy, along with the muscle-relaxers, hot baths and bed rest, seemed to be having a positive effect. Perhaps I would soon be on the verge of being 30% better, but it was still not enough, and I felt I needed just a bit more luck to get me to that magic number of 50% better, the unspoken gold standard for incurable conditions. (That’s another thing the medical Puritans aren’t allowed to tell you, that 50% better is a big deal and that full recovery from every chronic symptom is largely a thing from the domain of faith healers, motivational seminars and New Age hucksters.) And still outstanding were the matters of help with physical therapy, therapeutic massage and sex. Where I would get them from was still beyond my imagination, and I hadn’t even a primitive guess or rudimentary intuition as to what to do about that.

*

At this point I wasn’t doing the People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center much good, not in the bureaucratic sense. Bobby Z had obviously begun to give up on the idea of me being a serious long-term volunteer. Each time I did manage to drag myself in to try to work, my desk had less and less work on it. My duties were being quietly transferred to people who showed some signs of productivity. And because I was such a lost soul, my participation in the affairs of the Community center were increasingly consisting of me fiddling around with a few things on my desk and then drifting over to the television room with the large couches.

The television room was for wannabe Marxists who had too much ADD to actually study the doctrines of Maoism but enjoyed the edginess of calling themselves Revolutionary Socialists. Other Collectivist drifters were also welcome to waste their afternoons there staring at looping videos of Lenin, Mao and Stalin giving speeches. (Those videos could have provided them with some level of familiarity with the cause they were allegedly willing to die for, except the sound was turned off.) Bobby Z tolerated former volunteers and total nobodies lounging around the Community Center because their presence helped him hide that fact that our ranks were even thinner than they already appeared to be. We the ineffectual proletariat added fluff to the general atmosphere so Bobby Z could speak to the press about “my people,” as though he wasn’t nearly alone on the planet.

*

One day I traipsed into the Community Center looking especially bedraggled. I stared at my desk from across the room hopelessly, at last concluding that I should just go into the television room and drop all pretense of being useful. But before I could turn toward the television room, I caught Bobby Z standing a few feet away from me, looking at me as though the whole sight of my person and circumstance were just too pitiful to even comment on.

“Sorry, Bobby Z,” I said weakly.

“Don’t worry about it,” replied Bobby Z. “Screw this place. Let’s just go for a walk to the park again. You can tell me all about your latest crush.”

“How did you know I had a crush on a new person?”

“Did you ever go more than two weeks in your adult life without deciding you were in love with someone?”

“I guess not,” I said.

“Right,” concluded Bobby Z. “And it’s been several days since I’ve heard any new dating-adventure stories from you. So clearly you got dumped by the other ones and are now eyeing someone new. I’ll spring for the beers and you can tell me all about it.”

*

As we left the Community Center to head toward the liquor store next to the park, I chanced to see a regular police patrol car across the street. But the policemen inside appeared to be drinking coffee and talking absentmindedly. I thought nothing of their being there as they seemed utterly disinterested in us.

After we made it a few blocks down the street, Bobby Z, seemingly apropos of nothing said, “Bastards,” under his breath. He then glanced back apprehensively which made me look in the same direction. The stationary police car we had just seen was now rolling very slowly, still keeping a distance of a couple blocks behind us.

Because Marxists tend to be a paranoid sort, I decided that Bobby Z was engaging in some kind of conspiratorial thinking that would pass when his mood improved. I then muttered, “Don’t worry about them. They’re wrapped up in their own trip. We are the least of their worries these days.”

Bobby Z chuckled in a cynical, defeated way and added, “Hey, now is as good a time as any just to say that you’ve been a good friend to me. I know I’m not very good at sentimental stuff and I probably come off as kind of an asshole sometimes. But I’m just not real good with people.”

Embarrassed by this kind of emotional admission by Bobby Z, I replied, “Hey, don’t change, my friend. You’re good enough for me just the way you are.”

“That’s nice of you to say. It’s probably not true, but you’re a nice enough guy anyway. You may not believe it,” admitted Bobby Z, “but hearing the whole story of your life somehow calms my nerves. I’m not sure why.”

Before this rather awkward conversation could get much further, we’d reached the liquor store and Bobby Z bought us four beers and a large bag of potato chips.

Bobby Z was facing the road and I was looking toward the park when we sat down at the picnic table. Bobby Z again looked distracted, gazing nervously at the parking lot; so I turned around to notice that another police car was parked about fifty yards from us. Later that car would be joined by a black, Cadillac Escalade with tinted windows.

Two men got out of the police car and two got out of the Escalade. The police wore their ordinary uniforms, but the other two men were wearing gear that had a military-looking feel to it. The four of them talked earnestly for a few minutes and then turned to go back into their respective vehicles. As one of them turned their back toward us to open left door of the Escalade, one clearly saw the leters “ATF” in bold, yellow letters on the back of his black shirt.

I turned to Bobby Z, alarmed, and said, “Are you in some kind of trouble again?”

Bobby Z, then put on an air of unflappable calm and waved away my concern. “Never mind those jerk-offs. I’ve just been rather edgy lately. It’s a hazard of my kind of work. I’m sure it’s nothing. I just don’t dig cops, so I guess I see them everywhere. What did Werner Erhard say, ‘Whatever you resist gains mass?’ Anyway, why don’t you tell me all about your new love interest.”

*

Bobby Z locked his eyes on me as if to avoid looking at the outside world. Feeling somehow like I had to put on a good show to take Bobby Z’s mind off his worries, which I still thought might be nothing more than  the product of paranoia, I decided to describe Dorothy’s apartment.

I began by saying, “When I first went to her door, I noticed that it didn’t look like the doors of the rest of the apartments in the building. She’d clearly had a contractor pull the old door off the hinges and replace it with an upscale one. It was made of heavier wood than the others. There were several layers of rectangular carvings running around it it while the rest of us had flat, bland doors like you might buy at the hardware store on special. The designer of the door had tried, but failed, to disguise the heaviness of the wood by treating the surface of the door with some kind of artificial aging chemical. The thing looked like a hybrid between ancient hardwood and New England driftwood. And while the construct looked rather labored, somehow it charmed me.”

Bobby Z interjected, “That’s a lot of thinking about a door. You’re talking like some stuck-up interior designer from New York.”

“It’s true,” I said. “Some manias cannot be controlled, and my eye for design cannot be suppressed. When I was younger, I drove rental cars through every inch of Taos, Santa Fe, Albuquerque, Palm Springs, Palm Desert, Rancho Mirage and Boulder. I’m crazy about interior design.”

“Go on,” said Bobby Z, “as if his previous statement didn’t preclude our diving deeper into my vacuous materialistic meditations.

“So,” I continued, “When she answers the door, I walk in. But something strikes me right away — the sofa. It’s a dark blue showpiece, a thing that might have been done in the time of Louis XV. It’s got deep, inset buttons every few inches, a velvety thing with wildly-ornate woodwork all around it. No one in our neighborhood would buy such a sofa. Who would even know where to look for something like that? She certainly comes from a moneyed family.

“It turns out she lives off a trust-fund allowance and therefore must only work part-time while she searches for a business model to make her own fortune with. There’s no question in that family of working a full-time wage-slave job in order to justify one’s existence. Like all aristocrats, she can afford to relax and wait, and then pounce on the right opportunity when it comes along instead of working fifty hours a week in futility to merely pay one’s rent and utilities. And you know how that goes: Poverty is so distracting that a poor man might not even notice an opportunity when it lands in his lap. But she clearly has none of that sort of thing to worry about. And that kind of security brings confidence; and confidence is charming; and a charmed atmosphere around a person only makes people want to offer even more opportunities; and so the gap between the wage-slave and her will continue to widen. Whether or not she does anything excellent, it’s clear she must only refrain from making fatal mistakes and wisely select from an array of options that the floundering man would never have the poise to notice. I remember Alan Watts taking for a few minutes about sword fighting once; and he explained how once one is on the defensive, one is a hopeless prey to the enemy. Rather, one must be like a seated cat, perfectly calm until the moment comes to strike like lightning. If the preexisting calm is not there, the battle is usually lost before it begins.

“Anyway, to my left was a massive Victorian vanity with dresser drawers. It had many layers of carved, wood decorations above and below the marble desktop area. Believe it or not, I asked to see in the drawers. And the drawers were filled with every manner of accessories, some of which I neither knew the name of nor even the use of. One drawer she threw open had solid gold Krugerrand coins in it, along with black pearl necklaces and diamond brooches. And upon our glancing at these items for a few seconds, she casually shoved the drawer shut as though such contents were a minor consideration in her deliberations about life.

“Her kitchen, which is as small as mine, was outfitted with all types of pot racks and appliance shelves and extra cabinets which effectively doubled the storage space in there. The pots were of high-grade copper or hand-crafted steel, all of it imported at great expense. The silverware and tea cups and china were all top-grade and looked like they were obtained through east-coast estate sales. And the standard-issue stove had been yanked out and replaced by an antique iron stove that was somehow customized to work with the regular gas lines. Even the original sink had been pulled out and replaced with a rare ceramic one whose color appeared to change when one looked at it from different angles. Her pantry was stocked with local and imported foods which gave off distinctive smells and were packaged in interesting ways.

“Each and every wall, whether in the living room or bathroom, was decorated with some kind of iconic graphic, whether old orange-crate art from the distant past of Orange County or some vintage poster taken from an early Los Angeles theater or playhouse. And amid all this were additional shelves all covered with precious knickknacks from Arabia, Persia and China.

“She’d also had the original refrigerator in the apartment removed so she could replace it with a restaurant refrigerator. And nothing in it looked like anything I could afford. There were dry cheeses from remote Italian villages and tomatoes flown in from Spain. There were containers of olive oil that I’d never seen in regular supermarkets here and portions of meat that looked so fresh it was as if they’d been butchered on the spot.

“On the floor of the living room were multiple easels with paintings sitting on them, some done by local artists whom she admired, and still others that were works in progress by herself. And on every end table and around every mirror was wrapped some sort of colorful scarf or cape.

“And at last there was her four-post bed with the heavenly canopy above it and the thick quilt below. There was even diaphanous drapery around it all in case one wanted to feign modesty,” I said with a conclusive chuckle.

I went on at length to discuss Dorothy’s artistic ambitions, her world travels, her excellent education, her illustrious family tree and her strange sort of innocence.

Bobby Z absorbed it all, but, instead of issuing his usual criticisms of the bourgeoisie, he looked down, folded his hands humbly and said in an uncharacteristically meek tone, “She seems like a great gal. I’m sure she’ll make a great friend. It’s time you had some friends who can help you. Your life’s been too hard. You deserve a break like this.”

Then, after looking apprehensively around again, he added, “Let’s go.”

*

The next evening, I sat complacently in Dorothy’s room watching her television. The news was rolling on and we barely paid attention to it, glancing at it here and there as we deliberated over which direction we should like to see the art world take and how we should like to influence the future of art itself. It was taken for granted that the grandiosity of our musings was partly the byproduct of the excessive number of espressos we were indulging in, however we were in no mood to let that consideration reduce the sheer amount of fun we were having. But suddenly something on the screen caught my attention. I stopped Dorothy mid-sentence and said, “Wait! The television. I can’t believe what I’m seeing!”

A local news station helicopter was circling above The People’s Republic of Santa Monica Community Center. A black strip of text scrolled along the bottom of the screen saying, “Political leader of Maoist community detained on suspicion of illegal weapons dealing.” As the helicopter circled above, one saw various hangers-on leaving the community center looking confused and some of the more diligent workers walking out looking stunned. The police were simply allowing them to leave the premises and go on their way. But after the regular denizens had left, more and more heavily-armed police were entering the facility. Eventually we saw Bobby Z being brought out in handcuffs under heavy guard and being led to an armored police van. After the van pulled away, the helicopter footage ceased and the regular newscasters continued their daily recitals regarding weather conditions, sports and items of local interest.

Dorothy turned to me and said, “Eddie! What’s the matter? Your skin is turning pale. It’s not like you’re being arrested. So what?  The cops arrested a Communist arms dealer. It’s not like we know anyone like that.”

“But I do,” I replied, staring ahead blankly. “I know him very well. He’s kind of my boss.”

Dorothy turned to me and said, “You mean you’ve joined the Communists? Why, you’re not a Communist. You’d barely pass for a half-baked Democratic Socialist. You’re not even politically correct enough to hang out with an ordinary feminist. What can you mean by saying he was your boss?”

“Well, really,” I said, as I began to catch my breath, “he was more of a friend. I guess I was only flirting with Marxism, but I hung around there because I was lonely, because I felt like I had no place to go. And Bobby Z knew everything about me. He never rejected me no matter what I told him about my life. Most of the time I was too mentally ill to even do my volunteer work there properly. I was really just a hanger-on, one of the people there just to be near Bobby Z. Bobby Z understood my pain and knew about almost every bad choice I ever made. That’s why we were there. If even three of the people there were real Communists, that would have been remarkable. Mostly we just needed each other. We were lost. It’s like Bobby Z was babysitting us in our loneliness. The Maoism thing was just an excuse to belong somewhere.”

“Oh God, you poor thing,” replied Dorothy as she got up from her chair and bent over my already-balding head to give me a platonic kiss. “I’d guessed when I saw you that you were in pain, but I could never have imagined you’d been driven you to such lengths.”

Dorothy then turned to the kitchen and brought back some strong port. “You’re going to need some stronger medicine than usual tonight.” As she poured the insanely expensive liquid into a small cup, she said, “Now just gulp that one down.” And after I did that, she said, “One more. Just one more. We’ve got to calm you down.” And so I obediently swallowed the second cup and a wave of warm spread through my chest. She then sat in my lap and stroked my thin hair and said, “Don’t talk. Just close your eyes and try not to think of anything.”

I fell asleep in Dorothy’s arms, but I did not regard her holding me as anything other than sisterly care. At that point not even I could fool myself into thinking Dorothy loved me romantically, and, in truth, as the days passed, I was glad she never did. Frankly, I needed her long-term friendship far more than I needed another “tragically miscast” love affair that would end in only emptiness and absurdity. When I woke up, she was fast asleep in her four-post, canopied bed. Not wanting to wake her or to introduce any awkwardness into the situation, I turned the bottom lock of her door so that it would engage when I left the room; and I sneaked off to my little apartment to ponder what I might do about the current situation, if anything.

*

The regular warden at the county jail had taken a long sick leave, and, according to the young gentleman who processed newly-arrived visitors, he was suffering from chronic bitterness toward the human race which manifested itself in a series of psychosomatic symptoms he could not control. Thus, an interim warden was serving in his place, but he was running the facility as if it were his own, since no one really believed the regular warden would ever be well enough to return to his job. It was presumed that he would soon take an early-retirement pension and move to Boca Raton, Scottsdale or Palm Springs or wherever it was that people lacking in originality moved once life in Southern California became pointless for them.

The new warden was a friendly man and made it a point to hang out around the visitors’ processing center to randomly greet people as they entered the facility. He beamed out a satisfied and welcoming smile as if to communicate that people being in jail was a momentary misunderstanding and that all would be well in due time. And while it was still true that each visitor was searched for contraband and given a long list of prohibitions to observe, all of this was done in a way that indicated both trust in the visitor and concern for the well-being of prisoners. And the young man who was checking me in and going over the paperwork with me was a black man about my age, though much taller and heavier than I, who was himself doing his seventh six-month stint in that very facility. His manner was strangely gentle for a person of his size. Even the paperwork he handled was handled as if it were made of thin crystal and might break if not held with the utmost tenderness.

This young fellow had opted to use this time in jail to gain work experience by volunteering to work in the visitors’ processing center. He was, in spite of his tendency to get into fist fights and commit drunken vandalism, a traditionally religious man who had, as he put it, “backslid and fell out of touch with the Lord.” He explained to me that one day the interim warden came to his cell and gazed down at him with “a tremendous abundance of mercy” and said, “You don’t belong here. We need to do whatever it takes to see that you never come back.” And then he gave the prisoner that winsome smile that said, “Don’t worry. Everything will work out. You’re safe with me.” And the prisoner, as he finished up our intake interview said, “Our new warden is a man of God. I’ll always think of him as the father I never had. After I’m done with this job, I’ll go back to work and live an upright life again, God willing.”

A stocky, short-haired lesbian sheriff was assigned to guide me to very cell of the prisoner, a new procedure instituted by the new warden under the theory that “people should have visitors to their home, wherever that home may be.” The county didn’t have the money for the extra manpower needed to do such a thing, but the interim warden had gotten a billionaire oil magnate from his home village in Texas to sponsor the in-cell visitors program. The County Board of Supervisors objected, but then the interim warden publicly threatened to quit and got leaders in the African American community, along with civil rights attorneys, to vociferously side with the warden. The County backed down and so the unusual program continued.

Homophobia was still rampant in Southern California at that time, and to protest this, the officer had a patch sewn onto her uniform that said, “Butch And Proud.”

Having mostly been close to lipstick lesbians that were “passing” in the straight world, I asked the officer, “Has anyone given you any trouble about you being out of the closet?”

“Here?” she said with a laugh, “not with this warden in charge. Anyway, you know, I love men, not romantically, but just as people. Most of my best buddies are guys. I even tried it out romantically, you know, and more than once, but the chemistry just isn’t there. But the other officers here love me, and they know I love them, so it’s all good.”

“What about the prisoners?”

“Well, that would have been a problem in the past, under the other warden, you know. But these days — I don’t know, but a change is coming over people around here. It’s hard to explain.”

“Hey, I’m a bit afraid of this in-cell visit idea.”

“Don’t be. We got you covered. Since it’s your first time, I’ll have two other officers with guns loaded just outside the cell. I take care of my people.”

After a slight pause, as we approached the cell-block gate, I replied. “If you were straight, I think I would have asked you out.”

She laughed and said, “Considering how butch I am, I’d say you might not be as straight as you think you are.”

I nodded as if humbly absorbing some unexpected wisdom when, before we got to Bobby Z’s cell, the warden marched resolutely toward us.

“Son,” the warden said to me, “you look worried.”

“I’m terribly worried,” I replied. “I don’t see how my friend ever gets his life back.”

“I’ve already thought of that,” said the warden. “You should know the prosecutors have already cut him a deal. I pulled some strings downtown. You’ll see. Your friend is going to be doing just fine in no time. He’s a good man who just got caught up with the wrong people. You don’t need to worry about him. We got this one handled.”

Bobby Z’s cell had bunk beds for four people, and all four men were still in the cell. The other three were looking gangster-like and had very hard expressions on their faces. But then the lesbian officer said, “Okay guys, enough with the machismo act. We’ve got a first-time visitor here and I don’t want you giving him any shit, okay?”

With that, the other three cell occupants took on a very relaxed look and smiled shyly. Everyone in the cell, with the exception of Bobby Z, reached a hand through the grating and offered the officer a firm handshake. At that moment two very serious men, with every weapon imaginable strapped on them, came up and stood in front of the cell. One of them produced keys and opened the cell door, and the three gangsters inside, decorated with tattoos all over their arms and faces, reached out and gave me a warm, quick hug. Only Bobby Z sat at the back of the cell looking sullen, but alert.

My escort officer said, “Do you need privacy? The others will be happy to go to the yard for a while.”

“No, that’s okay,” I replied. “unless Bobby Z insists,” to which Bobby Z shook his head indicating no one needed to leave.

“Great,” said my escort, “How long do you need?”

“Fifteen minutes?” I said to which Bobby Z nodded in the affirmative.

“Okay,” she replied, “I’ll be back to get you then.”

*

As I entered the cell, one of the black guys, a slender, muscular fellow with tight-cropped hair, pushed the one available chair in the cell toward me. I took it and sat across from Bobby Z. Immediately, and without saying a word, the other occupants in the cell gathered around us and looked on from their bunk beds or from a standing position.

I sat across from Bobby Z and said, “I saw you on television last night. What the hell did you get involved with gun-running for?”

“Because,” Bobby Z replied, “there was no other way to pay the rent and keep the lights on at the Community Center without the extra money. Our half-bankrupt donors were in no position to keep us solvent.”

“Jesus Christ,” I said, wiping the sweat off of my forehead. “Now what will become of the Maoist movement in Santa Monica?”

“You know what?” said Bobby Z. “Fuck Chairman Mao, Fuck Maoism, Fuck Communism, Fuck Marxism and fuck all those losers. I’m through with Lenin and Stalin and the whole lot of those shitheads.”

The three other cellmates burst into a long, protracted laugh, two of them applauded and one said, “Preach that shit, brother. Preach it!”

I looked across the hall and noticed that the four guys in the cell across from us were all standing and staring and listening from behind the grating. Since Bobby Z didn’t seem to care about privacy just now, I decided to continue talking to him as though it didn’t matter what I said.

“So what are they charging you with exactly?”

“Exactly almost nothing.”

“How is that?”

“You know the new warden is some kind of modern version of a conservative Christian, right?”

“I didn’t know that, but he’s clearly different from what I imagined the warden would be like.”

“Yeah, so he comes in here last night and says, ‘I called the DA and asked him if he could cut you a deal if you cut ties with those folks overseas. The communist types, you know?’”

“And did you agree?”

“Hell yes, I told him I’d never work for a revolutionary outfit again if he could spring me from here on some plea-bargain parole-deal.”

“What exactly were the terms.”

“Basically, the warden, although he doesn’t approve of Democrats, made a call to the Democratic bigwigs in Santa Monica. And they agreed to take me on as a community organizer and bulletin writer.”

“You gave up all your Marxist principles to become a sellout Democrat?”

“Fuck right. And you know what? I never felt better in my life. It’s time I made some real money.”

Again our cell burst out in laughter, as did the one across the hall. I looked at them a bit perturbed but decided not to let them interfere with my questioning Bobby Z.

“Okay, I think I get the picture. So the warden tells the DA that you had a change of heart; and instead of being a violent revolutionary, you agree to be a garden variety Democrat; and being all safe to society now, it’s okay to let you walk, so long as you don’t do anything weird for a few years.”

“You nailed it, buddy. The DA told the warden to advise me to get ready to go home tomorrow. Of course, I’ll have to appear before a judge and promise her to call my parole officer once a week. After that little formality, they won’t even bring me back here, I’ll just go back to my empty home.”

“Empty home? What about your partner?”

“Her? She bailed, man.”

“Why?”

“One of the officers, you know, that lesbian one? She brought in a note from my old lady saying she already heard all about my defection to the Democrats, and she’s having none of it. She’s left. She won’t live with, as the Maoists used to say, ‘a Capitalist-roader.’”

“I would be devastated if my partner left me over political ideology. How are you taking this?”

“You know what? Fuck Communist pussy anyway. Just fuck those bitches.”

Again both cells burst out in laughter and applause with some hoots added. I looked at them all angrily, because I felt like I was losing a religion and I was really in a lot of pain.

Finally one of the guys in the other cell said, “Sorry man. Sorry.”

I then turned back to Bobby Z.

“What will you do for female companionship now?”

“Are you kidding me? The Santa Monica Democratic Party is practically a swingers club. I’ll get more ass in a month than I’ve had in the last five years.”

As the others suppressed their laughter, one of the guys in the back of the other cell just whispered, “My main man gonna’ be bangin’ some of that DNC pussy. White boy knows where it’s fuckin’ at!”

I ignored that last remark and said, “What do we do know?”

“There’s nothing more to know,” replied Bobby Z. “You’re a lonely-hearts-club sort of guy. Try not to think of it as political. Think of it as a socializing assignment your psychologist might give you. Just hang out for the free pizza and beer. I’ll get them to set up a desk for you by next Friday. Just show up and I’ll find some kind of fake work for you to do. Oh, and, by the way, I can probably even get you paid a few dollars you won’t even deserve. That place is flush with money.”

“So the revolution is over?”

“The revolution is over, Eddie. You gotta’ get over it.”

I put my face in my hands for a minute and exhaled. One of the black guys patted me on the back and said, “Don’t trip man. You can do this. Change ain’t never easy.”

I stood up and called out to the guards, “I gotta’ go, okay?”

“Whatever you say, boss,” came the reply.

For a minute I didn’t say anything, but as I turned to go and the cell door was opening, Bobby Z said, “Friday? Santa Monica Democratic Party Headquarters? 6:00PM?”

I shook my head and said, “Okay, okay. I’ll be there,” and I left the cell.

Behind me one of the guys in the cell said, “That’s my man. Just do what you got to do.”

*

When I appeared at Dorothy’s door that night, I looked like a wreck. After I knocked, she opened the door and looked up at me. Reading the situation instantly, she put her index finger to her lips and said, “Shhh. Don’t talk about it. Just come in and sit on my bed.”

Without saying a word, I sadly wandered over to her bed and sat on the edge of it. Dorthothy put up a wooden TV tray in front of me and leaned over and looked in my forlorn face and said, “Now if you’ll give me a smile, mama will reward you with some 30-year-old port; and if you’re really good, maybe later I’ll give you a sip of the 100-year-old port. Deal?”

I forced a smile to my face and Dorothy said, “Good,” and returned with the promised treat. She watched my face carefully until I was properly numbed up. She kissed me on the cheek when she saw my mood lifting and said, “Just friends, okay?” Then she returned with the promised 100-year-old port, and the taste of it was transcendent. Beginning to get a buzz not unlike a solid post-surgery vicodin trance, I fell back onto her bed. She kissed me very lightly on the lips and said, “That’s all, okay?”

She curled up next to me like a cat, and as I faded into sleep she whispered, “I’ve been looking through my Rolodex, and I think I have a solution to a couple of your doctor’s orders. We need to get you a girl who’ll pay proper attention to your aches and pains.”

When I woke up the next day, I stood up from the bed and stretched. Dorothy woke up immediately and patted me on the butt and said, “Go make yourself presentable. We have an 11:00AM appointment, and I need you to look sharp. Go!”

I looked at the clock and it was already 10:00AM. Although I had no idea what she was talking about, I hurried over to my apartment and put myself together. The way I looked in the morning those days was just awful. So it took some primping and preening to get me into presentable condition, and that would eat up most of the hour. At 11:00AM sharp, I rushed back over to Dorothy’s apartment and took my usual seat in the main guest chair. Dorothy helped me force down a couple of espressos to make sure I seemed lively enough.  Then she tossed herself into her own favorite chair and let out a sigh of the sort one hears from a person who has just completed an admirable task. Then a knock came on the door. Dorothy’s plan was in full swing.

*

At the door stood Rabbeckah. Her name had originally been just Rebecca. But she’d unofficially changed her name, saying she wanted to make it more kabbalistic. She said her new name consisted of three elements: 1. the first four letters of the word “rabbi,” 2. the name of the biblical character “Rebecca,” and, 3. the last two letters of the word “kabbalah.”

She wore a peach colored head scarf regally, wrapping it around her head in such a way as to weave it into her long, dark hair so that the hair and the scarf were almost one substance. Adorned with a full-length, dark turquoise dress around which was wrapped a creamy yellow cape, she was like a human work of art. Her left ear had no ear ring, but the other had a large, sparkling silver ear ring in the form of a hoop that hung almost to her shoulder. Around one wrist was a single, polished, wooden bracelet that looked like it came from the trunk of a desert tree. It contained alternate streaks of brownish pink and yellowish umber which had grown around each other in a swirling pattern. On her other wrist were three, wide, gold-plated bracelets. She wore two necklaces, one made of small imitation black pearls  which hung only to her collar bones and one made of large imitation white pearls which hung just to the top of her breasts. Her belt was improvised from a long, thin cut of white wool. Her lustrous brown eyes were amplified by the traditional, bulky, black-framed glasses she wore. Her slender lips encased a big smile revealing a large mouth full of perfect teeth that gleamed in the daylight that flooded in through Dorothy’s large bay windows. There were no rings on her right hand, but four fingers on her left hand each bore a greenish copper ring; and upon each ring was inscribed sets of Hebrew letters representing some aspect of Jewish mysticism. And her 180 pounds was so perfectly distributed over her five-foot-ten body that she seemed to be an idealized painting or sculpture created by one of the great European masters. She wore no makeup and didn’t need any as she possessed one of those timeless faces that wouldn’t age at all for many years. This was all set off against very thin streaks of driftwood gray in her hair that, far from making her look older, made her look wise and powerful beyond her years.

For a moment I could not believe my eyes and sat gazing dumbly in awe. Dorothy did this too, even though she had seen Rabbeckah a hundred times. It was as if one were looking at a Platonic form of what God thought the quintessential woman should be (just in case one had ever wanted God’s opinion of what the ultimate woman would look like).

Dorothy and Rabbeckah said nothing to each other, as though there was so much understood between them that talking was an afterthought. The mere presence of two such creatures in one room was apparently the answer to any question anyone would have. And so after her brief self-display at the door, Rabbeckah moved to the middle chair of the room and Dorothy got up to get her some herbal tea, which was of some blend of spices and plant materials such as I had never seen. (Fancy versions of herbal tea were just coming into vogue along with Mandarin oranges; and thus we were served Leonard Cohen’s “tea and oranges that come all the way from China,” along with large, succulent grapes which were nothing like the grapes my parents got from the supermarket in those days.)

The two angels bent over their plates of fruit and began savoring their cups of tea. A sea breeze came into one of the slightly-open bay windows and I inhaled it fully and smiled, closing my eyes and leaning back in the chair thinking, “Something good is happening today.” Rabbeckah paused for a moment and looked at me furtively as if she approved of my simple, mindless happiness and then returned to her tea and fruit. During these first several minutes, I only took a few sips of the tea and barely touched the fruit plate. Mostly I went from blissfully staring ahead to gleefully closing my eyes again; and whenever I opened my eyes, I alternately glanced at one or other of the women.

And then, as if on a cue, they both laughed and burst into a lively conversation about art, a subject about which I remembered very little, and inexcusably so considering I’d taken multiple arts and crafts classes in school, read multiple art history books and made several seemingly-futile attempts at producing my own artworks. Additionally, my lack of knowledge in art history was even more strange because our family watched PBS shows about the great artists when I was a kid, and the Catholic cathedrals of my youth were filled with icons. In any case, these women just assumed I knew almost everything they did, but, in reality, I was being given an amazing crash course and enough names and buzzwords to pass as not totally ignorant; and that somehow made an almost instant change in my outlook on art and my willingness to discuss it with other people. (And I even became excited about going to museums again, having literally just blanked out on the contents of all those upper-middle-class high school field trips where I’m certain many of the words I was hearing had already been spoken to my formerly inattentive ears.)

*

The subject of the miraculous perfectionism of Vermeer came up. It seems that a collection of Dutch Baroque Period painting had just toured through the Los Angeles museum scene and both Dorothy and Rabbeckah had seen it at different times of the week when the show had come to town. The subject of Dutch painters naturally touched on Rembrant and other towering figures from that part of continental Europe. But as the two women vibrantly spoke, the details of brush strokes and color-mixing techniques employed in those times came out; and concerns about perspective, light and shadow were deliberated upon. Other matters of preference surrounded whether it was advisable to paint on canvas or wood or some other material. Additional care was paid to the matter of paint brushes themselves and the relative viscosity of certain brands of paint and the raw materials that go into them.

A few questions came up surrounding Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, but a more profound discussion about Rubens ensued. Rabbeckah was understandably partial to his work depicting larger womens’ bodies, and indeed, I myself was moved to want to learn more about Rubens and also about Rubenesque women. As she discussed the sensuous lusciousness of those female forms, I found myself ogling Rabbeckah impolitely. And while she noticed this, looking back at me with a challenging rather than disapproving face, she continued to elucidate her feelings to Dorothy who enthusiastically agreed with her observations.

Dorothy, on the other hand, when thinking of men who were captivated by the female form, could not restrain herself from interjecting some thoughts about Raphael and the urban legend, whether true or not, that he died of a sexual overdose, driving himself to undue exhaustion attempting to satisfy his excessive desires. This made Rabbeckah laugh which made Dorothy laugh. Being sexually deprived at the time, I was unable to laugh due to my being caught up in imagining the glory of being a full-time painter with multiple sex partners (the matter of an untimely death seeming to be of secondary importance to my sex-starved and unbalanced mind and body). My head was spinning because I could no more keep my art history straight than I could elaborate on classical composers (merely liking Bach being apparently not sufficient for those with a detailed love of classical music).

All of this seemed to lead to a rather raunchy set of reflections between the two women about the labial erotica implied by Georgia O’Keefe’s floral paintings. This I was a little bit familiar with because her works were all the rage in New Mexico when I had a chance to vacation there more than once and cover the state in some impressive detail given the scant time limits that my financial problems imposed on my trips. And I was aware of the the somewhat sexualized interpretations of her work, but I had never heard of her works being discussed in an almost locker-room style between two women. This made me visibly squeamish and Dorothy, noticing my discomfort, gave out a chuckle and quickly changed the topic.

In any case, all of that kind of discussion paled in comparison with their discussion of the topic of modern art, including very edgy works being created in the 1980s. Also, much thought and admiration was given to Klee, Pollock, Kandinsky and many other names I’d never even heard of till then. For the first time the name of Mark Rothko came up in my presence. And while some deference was given to the Postmodernism of Picasso and the Surrealism of Dali, it was the hyper-modern urge to refrain from painting any image at all that was fascinating to them; and thus the discussion began revolving around pure color fields and their implications as opposed to “pictures of things.” This, in turn, cast much doubt for them on the aesthetic value of Photorealism in spite of the impressive craftsmanship involved in it. In this context, even Socialist Realism and Fascist-inspired Futurism came in for some criticism. Even impressionism and their beloved Monet was not enough to satisfy the longing to create color fields in the purest sense possible. (It would turn out that my attempts to paint the color fields they were discussing would literally save me psychologically and artistically for years to come and influence my thinking for decades thereafter.)

The concluding topics of their discussion revolved around two concepts I’d never heard of, performance art and installation art, both of which would  propel me, in the subsequent decade, into levels of publicity I’d never been exposed to before. My mind was on fire, although I had little to contribute to the conversation. And although Rabbeckah was not directly speaking to me very much, she glanced over at me quickly and studiously a number of times and seemed to understand a transformation was taking place in me, although she could have never guessed at that time how powerful that transformation would end up being. However, after some ninety minutes of these deliberations, as if on-cue, Dorthy seemed to shake the whole conversation off herself like a wet dog would shake water off its body, after which she said, “Well! I just realized I absolutely must pay more attention to the kitchen. Would you two please excuse me if I’m a bit preoccupied for a while?”

*
As Dorothy headed toward the kitchen, Rabbeckah turned toward me and said, “So Dorothy tells me you majored in Philosophy and studied at lot of World Religions.”

I explained to Rabbeckah that I would have never ended up dedicating so much of my life to philosophical and theological issues but for the fact that I had been born into a Catholic family and been baptized a Catholic at six months of age. With this background I was an easy target for Protestant missionaries; and so I was converted to a born-again, Baptist Christian when I was a fourteen-year-old in high school. This led me into situations where I engaged in theological battles with the local Mormon missionaries. And all of that caused me to explore virtually every sect of Christianity that was around me. By the time I reached college, Philosophy seemed like a reasonable major for a person of my background, however my first Philosophy teacher ended up introducing me to Hinduism and Buddhism. It all ended up with me dedicating a lot of my life to various Asian religions and graduating with a thesis on Taoism.

Rabbeckah then reflected on her Jewish upbringing in the Los Angeles area, including her inconclusive journeys through sectarian Judaism, whether Reformed, Conservative, Orthodox or Hassidic. She’d ended up in the liberal Reformed camp, although she was still rather committed to many individual aspects of Orthodox Jewish practice. As I got to know her, I would watch in horror as she alternated between attempting to be strictly kosher and giving in to uncontrolled, hedonistic overeating; and all this madness was often framed within various dietary regimes ranging from organic or macrobiotic to vegetarian or vegan. Amid this pastiche of theories, there were new strictures, guidelines and theories added each week.

Furthermore, I would later find out, her Kabbalah studies had somehow turned her into a soi-distant feminist, although she knew no feminist theory and interpreted feminism arbitrarily and capriciously, meaning that whenever she could not prevail in any personal conflict, she would just proclaim her interlocutor to be a misogynist, although, when pressed, she actually could not define misogyny any better than she could define God. All of these half-measures led where they usually do in California, to the study of alternative medicine and paranormal phenomena, replete with the appearance of psychics, channelers, aura readers, faith healers and every form of pagan magician on the planet, most of them wrapped in pseudoscientific ceremonialism. The con men she believed in absurdly made themselves out to be authoritative medical practitioners and metaphysical experts, the weirdest among them being “John of God” who was later arrested for financial fraud and sexual abuse. Additionally, she vainly struggled to reconcile the many polytheistic and pantheistic Native American and shamanic elements of her spiritual work with the unflinching monotheism she’d grown up with.

Curiously, I learned in this first conversation, she was going for her second Master’s degree. The first Master’s degree had been awarded to her by an unaccredited healing institute that specialized in deep-tissue massage; and her current master’s program was centered around getting an MFA from the fully-accredited California State University at Los Angeles.

She would later vacillate between an old-world spiritual acceptance of my poverty and bad health to a New-Age Positive-Thinking perspective which involved the blaming of any suffering person for having “chosen for themselves a lifestyle of bad health and low-income.”  And she, far too often for me, joined the chorus of countless others who, in my presence, uttered the California phrase, “Why don’t you want to manifest abundance for yourself by claiming your divine right to prosperity?” Exacerbating this situation was the fact that at this time The Reverend Terri Cole Whitaker had taken the world by storm as one of the first internationally-famous televangelists for New-Age Positive-Thinking; and she was based in Southern California, so I could not escape this ideology no matter how hard I tried to evade its massive talons.

Of course Rabbeckah could have just dated me for a few weeks and dumped me; but at the same time she was tiring of my poverty and irregular health, a new craze in men’s taste in women had taken hold: Whereas the women of my childhood were quite beloved if they were plump or tall, with no one really noticing any problem with either, the fashion world had lately brainwashed men, by 24/7 media reinforcement, into being obsessed with short, thin women, thus turning men’s gaze, en masse, away from the kind of amazon that Rabbeckah was. And given that her sexual marketplace value had suddenly dropped, she was not necessarily in the position to make the kinds of demands she had been used to making. In short, desperate compromises had to be made unless one wanted to end up an old maid (and recall at that time in our culture “old maids” were branded as such by merely being unmarried thirty-year-olds; and thus the pressures from all sides on everyone were palpable). Hippie relativism, while it was pervasive in people’s conscious thinking, suffered from a lack of actual belief when the hard facts of money, age, looks and status came up, leaving many people to look almost as conflicted and contradictory as Rabbeckah.

It should be clear to the reader that we all sell ourselves, knowingly or unknowingly, as reasonable and smooth and somewhat together; and hence the downside of all the elements that made up Rabbeckah’s life in no way appeared to me in this first meeting. In fact, we were both swept away with each other’s life stories and each other’s cornucopia of interests and studies; and so we were basically, as the old “Wide Word of Sports” introduction used to say, “spanning the globe.” We were so engrossed in our introductory bliss that we had no way to see the implications of our incompatible needs and mutually-exclusive belief systems. We touched on each compelling topic just long enough to see its good side and its upside, never realizing that, as the years passed, we’d virtually end up speaking separate languages which, to this day, are impossible to even translate because they exist in universes in which no compromise can be made or olive branch extended.

Translation, after all, implies that two languages have overlapping concepts that vary phonetically. But, as many people who are far deeper into language study than I have ever been freely admit, there’s much less in common than one would imagine between languages. Sadly for me, the most untranslatable language in the world is New Age English, and being, as it is, the ultimate fundamentalism, it allows of no relativity outside of itself. One must either capitulate fully to that language or flee it and live in a kind of philosophical isolation. But this was not apparent to me at the time me and Rabbeckah met; and everything about our discussion seemed magical; and our mutual attraction was so obvious that there was no question of bringing up whether or not we should date.

Entranced as we both were with the initially-attractive presentation of each other’s life’s work, we lost track of the fact that we were not in our own living rooms, but in the living room of our host. But Dorothy didn’t seemed to mind, since she’d already determined that me and Rabbeckah should date; and, as I’ve mentioned at other times and in other works, one really could not, in that particular time, refuse to date someone whom a friend or relative had decided you should. One could try it, and, if it was not to one’s liking, one could refuse to continue; but you had to at least give any arranged dating a really convincing try before your were let off the hook. But no coercion would be necessary in this case; and Dorothy came in and out of the room, refilling glasses and adding treats to plates, in such a way that one almost forgot she was there.
Then, just as suddenly as the meeting in Dorothy’s apartment had begun, it was disbanded when our host came into the living room, clapped her hands together, and said, “Okay, I’ve got to get more of my beauty rest, so you two just run along and we’ll all talk later.”

*

Rabbeckah and I left Dorothy’s apartment together and there was no question of us separating right then. But what purpose would there have been to going out? After all, Dorothy was serving better coffee, wine and appetizers than a restaurant or bar would. Any bar or restaurant we would have went to would have been a step down in quality; besides, in terms of eating, drinking and talking, we’d done enough for two dates already.

“Why don’t you show me your place?” inquired Rabbeckah.

“Oh, my place is nothing special, really,” I said with embarrassment.

“Come on; why not?”

“Well, I’m sure Dorothy told you that my situation is very lower-middle-class, tending toward the lower rather than the middle.”

“So, you’re a spiritual person, an artistic person, a musician. I’m sure you’ve done something clever with your studio.”

“Okay,” I replied wearily, “if you insist.”

And because the walk from Dorothy’s place to my place was only twenty seconds, there was nothing left to do but mournfully push open the door to my minimalist living quarters and reveal my true state of affairs to this stranger who I was supposed to be impressing.

When she took her first step into my room, she looked around, and, far from being disgusted, she was enraptured, and replied, “It’s wonderful. Let me look around.” And before I could say anything, she looked in the bathroom, the closet and the kitchen. I followed her as she inspected my 200-square-foot monk’s cell. And when she finished looking around, she took off her thick, black-framed glasses, closed her eyes and leaned toward me, saying, “Kiss me.” And, of course I complied, and we did not stop kissing for five minutes.

*

My minimalist design sense and my religious enthusiasms had always been met by my Orange County family with some blend of humorous tolerance and serious disdain, either attitude coming to the fore depending on their alternating level of disappointment with my social and vocational floundering. Certainly my rooms had rarely been the object of family approbation, although several friends from outside the household found it to be a refuge in times of personal doubt. But this new experience with Rabbeckah had caused me to look back in wonder that I had ever been able to coax women into romantic get-togethers under what were viewed, almost universally, as strange conditions, whether in my room at my parent’s house or in my odd living quarters after leaving the family nest.

My parents’ master bedroom in Orange County was a thing of splendor, and so when my parents were out of town, us three boys took turns using it to make our attempts at getting sex much easier. If one got the rare but wondrous permission from my parents to take a date for a ride in the family Jaguar before bringing them into the vast master bedroom with its king size bed and master bathroom (and there was a Jacuzzi just outside the master bedroom’s sliding doors) then that was a passport to naked frolicking of the most uninhibited type, a chance to finally play the male hero who arranges for luxury, comfort and prestige for his consort. But most weekends the situation was just the opposite, and thus the women in question were made to make due with my odd furniture and eccentric decorations, my “Hindu” arrangements, as one family member called them. Furthermore, depending on how pagan I was feeling at the time, these young women, being from a purely Christian or Atheist background in that era, were having to make love by candlelight as the faces of fierce-looking Indian deities stared down at them. After reflecting on this, I concluded that the things human hormones will drive us to do is a thing of unending mystery. And so the reader sees that I myself am inconsistent, alternating between rage and wonder, rage when I claim to have been deserted and wonder when I feel I’ve been tolerated.

But in light of this new situation, my rather rigid thinking on these matters temporarily shifted. I somehow began to see, as if through Rabbeckah’s eyes, that maybe my little digs, and all the quirky flourishes that went into it, might not be the most deplorable thing on earth. She was initially struck by the tatami mats one used to be able to buy in Little Tokyo for $20 before they became the playthings of hipsters. Also she admired my two-tiered, homemade Buddhist altar, consisting of two cinder blocks placed thirty inches apart with two pine planks on top which supported two more cinder blocks and two more pine planks of the same size. The lower row of planks held altar supplies and the upper row of planks supported a heavy, gray, clay Buddha purchased from the now-defunct Japanese village in Buena Park. She knelt down and examined the fifty-cent-apiece votive candles purchased from an ancient Woolworths store and held them with care. She smelled the bulk, yellow, Chinese incense bought in Little Saigon for three dollars, the bundle being big enough to last a lonely religious person for the better part of a year. She looked at the faded, light-tan copy of The Heart Sutra, translated into English by an American student and a Japanese immigrant studying under Shunryu Suzuki in San Francisco.

Across from the altar, she glanced at an old, black, iron tea kettle which was made by hand in Japan, but which was very inexpensive as the fetish for Asian-themed things in America was still quite new. (But these days one must pay a hefty price for Japanese minimalism, sometimes paying a small fortune for things that barely seem to exist physically.) And she saw the tiny tea cups and saucers made of Japanese stoneware, painted with small images of cranes and flowers, those having been practically given to me by an old Chinese restaurant supply house on some back street in Albuquerque for perhaps seventy-five cents each.

In one corner lay my old Ibanez acoustic, steel-stringed guitar made of polished maple wood and bearing inlaid mother-of-pearl ornamentation. In another corner lay copies of the Bible, the Ramayana, the Bhagavad Gita, the Lotus Sutra, Bertrand Russell’s “A History of Western Philosophy,” David Hume’s “An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding,” and Karl Marx’s “Das Kapital” and his “Communist Manifesto.” Of further note was the coffee table which I’d made out of an abandoned refrigerator door and some sweated-together piping bought on-sale at a low-end hardware store.

And at last she glanced at the bed, which was, for once, actually standard as Dorothy had just passed down to me a real twin bed with both box spring and mattress from the extra storage room she rented from the landlord for practically nothing (where she additionally noticed an unused, still unpacked set of bed sheets with heavy thread-counts and also found a quilt worth hundreds of dollars just gathering dust and added, “Just take these too so I can unclutter this place”).

After the aforementioned kissing frenzy, Rabbeckah said, “Dorthothy says your fibromyalgia treatment plan is coming along well, that you’ve got your cyclobenzaprine, your caffeine supply and your alcohol supply.”

“Yes,” I said, “my doctors and Dorothy have gotten me a good part of the way to where I need to be.”

“But,” she interjected, “she says you still need someone to help you with your stretching routine. I know all about that kind of thing. I was an intern once at a chiropractor when I was studying at the healing institute. We helped people do their stretched all the time.”

“Well, I appreciate that,” I replied. “It would be a godsend really.”

“Just let me know when you’re ready,” she said with a big wink, “and I’ll schedule you a complementary appointment.”

“Nice!” I said. “I’ll take you up on that next week.”

“But,” she also interjected, “she told me your doctor says you need massage and sex too.”

I blushed and stammered, “Well, I would hate to make you feel awkward.”

The she pushed me gently onto my bed, and I sat there looking up at her quizzically.

“So,” she said, “I have a Master’s degree in bodywork, and we need to get your treatment started.”

“You mean I’ll just lay here and you’ll massage me?”

“Not till you take your clothes off.”

“My clothes off?”

“Haven’t you had a real massage before, silly?”

I shook my head and said, “No, not really ever.”

“You dumb dumb. Just take off everything,” she replied as she turned to look through my cupboards for some olive oil which she quickly found.

*

An hour later I felt like a different person. My muscles felt a full 25% stronger and more limber. All of my senses were alive. My fuzzy, depressed brain also opened up and hope flooded in, as though anything might be possible in the vast future.

“Feel better?” inquired Rabbeckah.

“Oh my God, yes,” I replied with a laugh.

She laughed too, but then lowered her eyes toward me and said, “I didn’t forget that Dorothy said you need sex too. Any doctor worth his salt should prescribe that.”

I again blushed, but before I could say anything, Rabbeckah began ravishing my body with wet kisses and made sure I felt satisfied in every way, although she herself still had her clothes on.

In my post-orgasmic bliss, I looked up at her and said, “But what about you?”

“There’ll be plenty of time for you to take care of me,” she replied with another big wink, “but we’ll save that till we get together next week for your stretching exercises; and then I’ll read from the Kama Sutra for you and we’ll both have all the spiritual and physical bliss we need. Today I was just doing a . . . medical intervention, you could say.” Then she smiled widely and added, “Time for you to get to bed.” She then headed toward the door, but before she left she said, “Sweet dreams,” and slipped out into the hall.

*

When I wandered back to the Santa Monica Democratic Party offices, Bobby Z took one look at me and said, “Ah, you got laid. Well, glad your long dry spell is over. Follow me to the back offices and you can tell me all about it.”

He led me toward the back of the building and took me to a large, well-appointed office which had two impressively large desks. At the front of the office, two post-modern couches faced each other with a glass coffee table between them. A high-end, abstract painting graced the back wall and was highlighted with small recessed lights. The front wall of the office was plate glass from floor to ceiling. Both desks sported what were for those times very modern phone systems with multiple lines on hold, each phone emitting little blips here and there to indicate callers were still waiting to be attended to. Each desk had a large computer monitor and keyboard that were attached to a central computer that controlled all the computers in the office. The monitors had lines of green text scrolling down them continually, each line reporting either some evolving financial situation or some new polling data rolling in. On one of the walls was a large television screen that was was displaying news headlines in real time as they flowed in from various information centers around the world.

I was awestruck and stared around like a lost child. Bobby Z patted my shoulder and said, “So now you see how the other half has been living. Welcome to the real world, Eddie.”

He motioned for me to sit on one of the very firm, modern green couches while he and his female supervisor sat on the other. As we took our seats, some interns came in and deferentially set down trays of coffee, cream, whiskey, saltine crackers and cookies.

Since I was clearly not sure where to begin, Bobby Z said, “Update us on your latest conquests. My boss here (Felicia, meet Eddie; Eddie, this is Felicia) is a worse pervert than I am, so don’t be shy. It’s been a dull day here and we’re ready to do a little vicarious living.”

I stared at Felicia a bit uncomfortably for a moment, then Bobby Z interjected, “Oh, I should tell you. This woman thinks like a guy, a total pervert. One reason we don’t do each other is because we need to keep this office running smoothly. There needs to be a least one person (guy or gal) who she isn’t sleeping with so someone can be paying attention to the work. My job here is to keep her on-track. You could think of me as a kind of asexual executive assistant. You don’t have to be shy about speaking freely around her. This gal is up for anything. I have to slap her hand away from me a few times a day, but she doesn’t take it personally. I’m just here for the money, but she’s in it for the power, and the sex, you know.”

And thus did I retell, for Felicia’s benefit, the story of how Dorothy rescued me from my life lacking in espresso and high-quality vodka; how she found me a real bed, real sheets and a real quilt; how she found me a woman to help me with my need for massage, physical therapy and sex; and how she even pitched in for the copays on my cyclobenzaprine. And because Bobby Z winked at me and said, “Felicia wants to know everything,” I went into graphic detail about all the bodily attentions given to me by Rabbeckah.

Felicia blinked then squinted and leaned forward a bit and said, “I think I see the two of you entering onto some kind of collision course in values, lifestyles and needs.”

Felicia was slender, but not overly so. She wore a tight dress that was uncomfortably short, but not quite a mini skirt. Her legs had black nylons on them and her hair was brown and curly. It was obvious that Bobby Z found her attractive but was intent in staying out of trouble and doing his job, which was to keep his libidinous boss focused on her work. Her facial features also looked Jewish, but not as overtly as Rabbeckha’s. It was if she were partly Italian or Greek. Perhaps she even had some Sephardic blood in her.

“Excuse me, and I hope you won’t take offense,” I ventured, “but I grew up in Orange County, and so I’m just beginning to get that a lot of people around here might be Jewish. It’s a new thing for me. Where I grew up, it was mostly Protestants or odd Nordic Catholics.”

“Are you asking if I’m Jewish?” said Felicia in a confident way.

“Yeah, you remind me of Rabbeckah somehow, but you’re different too.”

“Just how am I different?”

“You’re higher energy, maybe almost distracted.”

Bobby Z laughed and said, “Hell yes, she’s distracted.”

Felicia explained, “My husband is in the Navy on an aircraft carrier. They’re out at sea six months at a time.”

“You mean you only see your husband twice a year?” I inquired disconcertedly.

“Well,” said Felicia, “we have two weeks each time.”

“But what about the rest of the year?” I meekly inquired.

“Ha!” said Bobby Z. “He’s off having condom-sex with hookers in Thailand while Felicia’s got her grubby hands on anything that moves around here.”

I turned to Bobby Z and said, “You mean she’s bisexual?”

Bobby Z laughed again and said, “That would be the mildest way to put it.”

Felicia then blinked and squinted again and inquired, “So are your intentions with Rabbeckah serious?”

“I don’t know yet,” I admitted. “I think it will take some months to sort it out. My relationships don’t usually work, but I have no way of knowing what way it will go.”

Felicia shrugged as if to say, “As you like.”

Then Bobby Z said, “What Felicia is trying to say is if that bitch ever gives you any trouble, you just come here and she’ll take really good care of you.”

Somehow, in the back of my mind, I’d always known such arrangements had existed, but somehow it was a bit difficult for me to hear it verbalized; and so I didn’t say anything for a moment but sat there dumbly, as if I had a question to ask, but not the courage to ask it.

Felicia smiled and said, “Me and my husband have what the people in your parents’ generation might have called . . . ‘an understanding.’”

“But are you both happy this way?” I asked.

“Very happy. You see, me and my husband have a bit of what you might call emotional claustrophobia. We can tolerate 24/7 romance with someone for a couple of weeks before we begin to snap.”

“What do you do when his ship comes back to port?”

“I chase all the boys and girls away and focus just on nookie between me and him.”

I turned to Bobby Z with some look of disorientation on my face.

And seeing what I was thinking, Bobby Z said, “Look, if you’re going to have a career in politics or the military, you need to have one steady spouse. If you’re in and out of marriages, it looks flaky. You want your unofficial resume to show one or two spouses over decades. If you start doing four or five marriages, nobody takes you seriously.”

When it became clear that it would take some time for me to come to grips with the whole situation, Felicia excused herself and then went to her desk where she began concentrating on rows of green numbers which I could not imagine keeping track of. Bobby Z then led me to my desk and said, “Do as much work as you like. Whatever you can’t finish, pass it on over to Cynthia over there and she’ll knock it out for you in no time. If you need a drink, come back to our office and we’ll open up the liquor cabinet and give you whatever you need.” Then he turned to a live-wire named Cynthia, a pert and sunny gal of about twenty-three, and said, “Keep your hands off this one, Cynthia. He’s taken, for now. But I’d give his current relationship ten months max, then he’s all yours, if Felicia doesn’t get to him first.”

They burst out laughing and I was reduced to blushing, unsure of what comment a person like me could make in any such situation. But I managed to get about ninety minutes of serious paperwork processing done before I slipped out past the receptionist to go home and sleep off the stress. The rate of change going on around me in the past few days was a bit too much for me. Still, I was proud of myself for that ninety minutes of productivity which made me feel like I was not a totally useless entity in the world.

*

My little studio simply sprang to life after Dorothy’s interventions in my world were complete. On any given day it was still true that I might not be able to walk more than a few blocks, and my shoulders and hands might hurt so badly that I could not effectively hold a paint brush or lift my arms to do brush strokes, but even this I bore with a kind of ecstasy. Something had changed in my life and people sensed it immediately, and this attracted visitors from Orange County. Even my distant parents stopped by to gaze, albeit not happily, at my seemingly unprofessional and unprofitable art works, leaving with the advice that I “really ought to take a ‘real’ painting class.” (And it must be noted that on one of my parents’ rare stopovers on the way to visit more successful friends and family members, Bobby Z was there. And, much to my surprise, he greeted them completely deferentially and with good cheer, as though he’d been a well-raised kid who respected his elders. I smirked to myself thinking, “If only they knew the real inner workings of that man.”)

It must be noted however that Dorothy and her friends, and even people from Orange county, were stunned at the enthusiasm I had for painting and the impact some of my works had on them. (Almost all of my paintings were eventually lost through a series of housing disasters and economic losses in which most of the things I owned were sold off or thrown in the trash or simply abandoned.)

In those days, my two most frequent visitors from Orange County, one whom I called “The New Mexico Man” and the other “The Tijuana Drifter,” came and went on a regular basis. Both of these fellows enjoyed seeing my latest artistic creations but, even more than that, enjoyed going into Mexico with me to eat Tijuana-style street-food tacos and drink Mexican beer. Given that I was temporarily more tolerant to alcohol, the Mexican beer and peppery tacos, each doused in lime juice, proved to be amazingly refreshing and, astonishingly, a kind of health food that bolstered me physically and psychologically. Both the New Mexico Man and The Tijuana Drifter were philosophers by nature, the former being a true psychotic who really had profound delusions, and the other being a successful computer programmer back in the days when such people were rare and made considerable money. Without The Tijuana Drifter spotting me for several hundred meals in my twenties, I should have been made homeless just trying to pay for rent and food. And were it not for the undying loyalty of The New Mexico Man, I should have been a kind of mad prophet shouting in the desert alone to himself during the many intervals of social failure I faced.

The New Mexico Man believed in me unconditionally (unless he was having an attack of paranoia) and listened to me with reverential awe, even though he was disappointed by the fact that I would never go along with his belief that he was the Crown Prince of England. From time to time he believed that I might be in on a plot with hostile European royalty to assassinate him, and as such he was made deeply uncomfortable with the weapons laying around my apartment and my financial records being spread out all over the place. The whole scene struck him as the prelude to his being framed for some fantastical crimes for which he would be dragged before an international court. His nerves were also not calmed by the fact that when no other client would have me, the temp agencies would resort to sending me to do accounting for organized-crime front-businesses. And it also didn’t help his conspiratorial mind to know that one of my former bosses was also a gun runner before joining the Democratic Party and another was hauled off by the FBI for embezzling in broad daylight in front of her coworkers.

The police, by the way, in most of these episodes of my life, when it came time for me to be questioned, if they even bothered to question me, usually gave up after five minutes realizing I was a tragic weakling who didn’t have the stuff to be a real criminal. Hence was I pronounced by the corporate world, the criminal world, and the law enforcement world, as almost too useless to be real. And thus, after staring into my face, reading my eyes carefully, studying the movements of my mouth and marveling at my scrawny arms, they would just shake their heads as if deeply saddened that such ineffectual twerps really existed, and say, “Get out of here.”

Sometimes in Orange County, when arrested for illegal accounting methods, accountants with whom I’d shared offices would try to implicate me in their crimes in order to get their sentences reduced; but I had it from a first-hand witness that when any judge said, “Who is this guy, Eddie Smith?” — a brief description of my fumbling, harried, laughable attempts at being a financial industry worker merely caused the judge in question to wave his hand and looked away irritably as if to say, “I will not even dignify the appearance of such a flea in this courtroom.” And and another judge was reported to have said to hapless, incompetent prosecutors, “If you try to come in here again and pass off the likes of Eddie Smith as some gangster, then I’m going to the District Attorney to have you sent in for a psychiatric exam,” upon which the whole crowded courtroom burst into laughter which the judge made no effort to silence as the prosecutors sat there red-faced and almost ashamed to be alive.

The Tijuana Drifter was more verbose than The New Mexico Man, although still not as talkative as I. But unlike The New Mexico Man, The Tijuana Drifter was far less shy about his opinions and, even when his opinions were extreme, he was not afraid to voice them even if they caused offense. Of course Bobby Z insisted on meeting both The New Mexico Man and The Tijuana Drifter; and he was again, just like he was around my parents, completely disarming, polite, understated and winsomely witty without ever being nearly as crude as he was around me and his political friends.

The New Mexico Man killed himself, ironically, in that very state of New Mexico in the desert outside of Albuquerque. And The Tijuana Drifter went onto to various computer-related successes and world travels, going on to have a long marriage and multiple children.

It was a strange and unusual time when my Orange County friends, my Santa Monica friends and my family were all familiar with one another. And all of them also knew my previous Santa Monica landlord, the one who had set me and Doreen up. My former landlord ended up inheriting his father’s real estate empire and he now lives larger than ever. Although our contact is sparse, he and I still do talk, often discussing the details of European travel.

The other character who regularly passed through my Santa Monica studio was a guy whom a hostile relative of his dubbed “Fuck You Jimmy.” Like the Maddy Tradden, Fuck You Jimmy was successful in math, the sciences, physics and computers. But unlike Maddy Tradden who’d abandoned Christianity, Fuck You Jimmy had not strayed far from the faith which had conquered the Roman Empire and hovered over the souls of billions of believers.

When I’d become a true apostate, Fuck You Jimmy left the church with me, having had the same philosophy teacher at the same community college as I did. Like me, he had become intellectually unable, after exposure to several of the world’s religions, to actually maintain that God preferred only a portion of the planet and was going to consign the majority to eternal damnation. But unlike me, at a time of extreme weakness due to certain traumatic events, he fled back into the arms of the church. And thus we were continually at odds, him wanting me to rejoin the good, old church and me wanting him to regain his intellectual integrity. Furthermore, he was never pleased with my poverty and, like the others, frowned upon my alleged laziness.

The difference in our faiths and in our incomes made for a hopelessly competitive situation which we tolerated for decades, just as me and Maddy Tradden had. But eventually, after years of withering criticism from him, I said, “Fuck You Jimmy,” and he exited my life, thus living out again the initial prophetic name given to him by that hostile relative of his. As of this date, we are not in contact. But I hear through the grapevine that his wife also told him, “Fuck You Jimmy,” thus ending their decades of competitive bickering as well. (A poet I once knew from New York, an elderly poet now in his eighties, once said to me, “I swear to God that the Lord gives us a name, and somehow it becomes real. No matter how we try to elude it, we can’t escape our names.”) And so, apparently, we are at the mercy the gods. In spite of how smart we think we are, and no matter how many levels of calculus we master, the cosmic joke is on us; and, I suppose, we are judged by the good humor with which we face the series of pranks the denizens of Olympus subject us to.

And it must be admitted that Fuck You Jimmy was liked by most of my Santa Monica friends, especially Maddy Tradden, who enjoyed the fact that Fuck You  Jimmy never let me feel the blessing of a healthy ego for too long. Maddy enjoyed the fact that there was a second person in the world eternally committed to reminding me of all my failings. The one advantage I had over Fuck You Jimmy is that I could always bring a theology debate to an ugly end by teasing him about how irrational his literal belief in Noah’s Ark was, (a hard blow for a person with advanced physics knowledge). Furthermore, if I really got tired of his nagging, I could always parry by reminding Fuck You Jimmy of our brief days of co-apostasy, in which he engaged in every heathen-like hedonism imaginable. (No one procured more pot and mushrooms for me than he did. And, even as a Christian, he drank like a fish till he entered old age.)

Even so, I miss Fuck You Jimmy because he, like The New Mexico Man and The Tijuana Drifter, loved to drive with me through every Mexican barrio we could reach in search of inexpensive tacos and beers, he also liking the unlimited free hot sauce, cilantro and lime juice that came along with those inexpensive meals in those days. And in defense of Fuck You Jimmy: He really did take my side in my impasse with my family. Unlike me, he would become a father one day; and he really did care for his children. Thus he was he brought almost to tears when hearing of the successive mothers who abandoned me and the sisters who were taken away from me. And he was sometimes driven to fury when hearing of my current family’s coldness. Thus I conclude that, on some level, he must have loved me but, in the end, was just unable to establish enough common ground with me to to make things work. His own mother, while she did not physically abandon him, treated him monstrously, and the stories he told of her literally filled me with dread. By the way, it must be mentioned that he tried, even heroically so, to be a great boyfriend and husband to the women he dated or married, but domestic bliss was not to be his and fortune did not smile of his conscientious efforts. Had fate dealt either of us a better hand, I’m sure we might have made better friends; but these are matters only Jupiter can adjudicate, and we, willing or unwilling servants of Heaven, must live out what, as the Muslims say, “is written.”

*

Not only were the regular head-to-toe massages I got from Rabbeckah good for my fibromyalgia (reducing my out-of-commission days and increasing my productive days) but since she was a certified expert, I really was receiving the best massage-school education one could get. As a result, in countless dating experiences for decades to come, I would use some combination of cooking and conversation, and the massage skills I got from Rabbeckah, to compensate for my deficits, namely having no money, no clearly-defined vocational future and the flimsiest of family ties. (Also, being useful helps one get spillover dates and second-string dates when a gal finds herself alone on a weekend because all the first-string guys — men capable of withstanding marriages, buying houses and fathering children — are all preoccupied with more alluring prospects.)

This massage revolution in my life occurred back at a time when there were not dozens of day-spas in every upscale neighborhood. These were the days when the typical back rub a friend might offer would be listless and tepid at best. Unlike our current environment, which is simply awash in people with Master’s degrees in every healing art, the time and place I came from was filled with people who, to put it mildly, barely knew what to do when they got around another human body (and it might also turn out that their cooking was bad and their conversational prowess had gone missing too). Hence, in the years to come, especially after I had a few weeks of cooking school, I could evade loneliness by crassly advertising the sheer cost-savings involved in “having the spa and the chef come to you.” Of course today, every lost man on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley has a Philosophy degree, a massage-school certificate and volumes of things to say. But at one time, before men such as I were a dime a dozen, I became a bit of a backup commodity, a phone number to keep in your black book just in case the pickings got slim And so I owe a lot to the skills Rabbeckah taught me. And I credit her and Dorothy for partially rehabilitating me.

And as things seem to come in clusters, I had, over the course of my life, massage-based romances and friendships with multiple other massage professionals and healing-arts practitioners of various stripes. And all of the time I not only enjoyed all of that physical pleasure, but also copied what I saw and tried to improvise on everything I could remember from such encounters. And it has been said to me before by women who learned massage from me that their husbands would freak out if they knew how much of that fun they were having came compliments of the “Eddie Smith School of Massage.”

It must also be mentioned that my sexuality morphed into something that is simply not believed in or accepted by many of my friends. It turned out that massage became my number one fetish, meaning that if I had to chose between having “real sex” or just doing massage, I’d pick massage. Hence, throughout the decades, many shockingly beautiful women, women who would be far out of my league under normal circumstances, said, “Everyone says you can cure any headache or backache. Could you work on me for just a minute?” And when asked about this, I would always nod and agree; and what followed might be a several-year massage relationship which “didn’t count” as sex. This “not counting as sex” factor meant that I could be very sensually massaging three women a week at the same time for years on end without anyone getting jealous. (This is not to say that I never had sex, because I did, but it was not something I went to the ends of the earth for, since it was of only secondary importance to me from a fetish-oriented point of view.)

These days it is viewed as lecherous for men to give massages and later end up in sexual affairs with the ones they give massages to. Even then, there was some mild teasing that came my way over this matter. But in spite of the general disapproval of such things, probably about a third of those massage relationships ended up far more intimately than they began. That being said, I suffered very little grief from these women because, being out of my league as they were, they mostly went on to score permanent partners who could make their worldly dreams come true. And since they were trading up, if I may put it so crudely, there was virtually no resentment on their part when we went our separate ways. After all, they were going from a minor victory to a major victory; and what rational person is bitter about that? Hence I was not seen as a playboy until I was much older, at which point some people began to sense that somehow I was getting a far better social deal than I was entitled to.

A few women who perhaps had some long-term interest in me complained that they would consider dating me but that I had “just too many women in my life.” And perhaps there was some truth in this. I was admittedly a little influenced by the polygamy of the early Mormon prophets and was said by some people to have “many wives.” (Although those “wives” could not be counted on, as they often disappeared for months or years on end to attempt to score an alpha male or a potential provider, knowing of course, their semi-platonic husband would take them back after such adventures failed.)

*

I was at my desk at the Santa Monica Democratic Party offices when I got a buzz over the intercom. It was Bobby Z saying he was on his way to my desk. (We had stopped pretending I could be counted on to take care of regular workloads because I couldn’t be counted on to show up at all. So our new arrangement was for me to show up whenever I could and go to each desk until I found someone who needed an hour’s worth of help, and I tended to limit my contribution to this because I tended to burn out after an hour due to the fact that I barely had enough energy to maintain my regular life. Essentially I had no business pretending I could be a volunteer, but I needed some church to report to or else I would feel that I had almost no religion at all. Yes, Dorothy, politics is religion in secular clothing.)

When Bobby Z got to my desk, he looked down and said, “Who gave you those files to work on?”

“Taisha,” I replied.

“Cool,” he said as he scooped up the files and headed toward Taisha’s desk. Assuming I was to follow along, I sauntered behind him not knowing what I should do next.

When we arrived at Taisha’s desk, Bobby Z said, “Eddie can’t do this work for you right now. He’s going to be in an executive meeting with me for the next two hours.” Upon overhearing this, Felicia, from across the way, stood up and paused at the door to her office, looking on at me and Bobby Z with a furtive smile.

Taisha snapped and said, “Bullshit. Eddie is no executive and you’re not having a meeting. All you glad-handers and back-slappers are living like kings while I slave day and night, doing the work of five people. I’m fucking sick of it!”

Felicia then called over to Taisha and said, “One more outburst like that from you and I’m sending you back to the temp agency. They can replace you in five minutes. Got it, dear?”

Taisha just put her head in her hands and began to cry, muttering to herself, “I can’t take it anymore. I just can’t. Please, Jesus, save me.”

Bobby Z smirked, then turned to me and said in an upbeat tone, “Eddie, I need you to come out to the parking lot. There’s something I need you to look at.” And as we left, I tried to wave goodbye to Taisha, but she did not look up. She only continued to softly sob into her hands. Felicia, however, gave both Bobby Z and I a cheerful wave as we exited through the front door of the building.

The Santa Monica breeze was blowing just perfectly, and the heat was soothing, but not oppressive. It was one of those surreal days that one sometimes experiences in the coastal parts of Southern California. It was a bit like being transported to a temporary heaven. In that way, Southern California, when it’s not madly demoralizing, can feel a bit like being on a smooth psychedelic trip. (Who knew that dissociation and alienation could feel so good?)

Bobby Z led me to the other side of the parking lot to the executive parking area. He stopped a few feet short of a brand new, light-gold-colored Audi and held out his arms toward it, “Eddie, this is my new car, and your job today is to ride to Malibu with me in it. The office is paying for our meeting today, and so we can eat anywhere along the coast you want to. In fact, due to your past experience as a Marxist, and due to your current experience as a Democrat, we’re going to kick you down a two-hour consulting fee. Felicia doesn’t like to hear about you barely making rent, so she’s given me some wiggle room in my discretionary budget.”

I said nothing but stood there with my eyes bulging out wondering if he was joking or not. He simply went around to the driver’s side of the car and motioned for me to get into the passenger side. I got in and sank into the plush, overstuffed leather seats. Something deep inside me relaxed and I turned to Bobby Z and said, “These seats are amazing!”

“Oh yes, I had them max this car out with every high-end option and accessory. You might be poor the rest of the week, but when you’re around me, just consider yourself a professional entourage member. As long as you make two appearances a week in the office, even if it’s only for one hour each time, Felicia said I could pay you minimum wage for four hours per week. It won’t solve your economic problems, but at least you can buy your amazon girl a good bottle of wine twice a month instead of mooching off her all the time.”

Before I could respond to that, Bobby Z turned on some Windham Hill acoustic jazz music. The acoustic bass thumped through my whole body, as if the speakers had been implanted inside the seats; and the acoustic guitar sounded like it was being played live in the back seat by a world-class musician. I was so exhausted from my life-struggles that I barely said anything before the car was rolling down the Pacific Coast Highway and I was fast asleep in that amazing seat.

I was awakened when the car came to a stop in front of an exclusive water-front restaurant. We got out and Bobby Z tossed the keys to a valet and said, “We’re taking a stroll along the beach.” The valet apparently knew Bobby Z and had already allowed him to ignore the “parking for customers only” sign. In a moment we were walking along the beach at Malibu past signs that said, “Private beachfront property.”

“Hey,” I said to Bobby Z, “California beaches are public property. These home-owners have no right to post these signs.”

“They do if they’re rich and the sheriff let’s them get away with it,” replied Bobby Z.

“But,” I said, “Why isn’t anyone complaining about us walking here?”

Bobby Z turned to me and said, “All the residents of the waterfront are donors to the party. They know perfectly well who I am, and you, obviously, are my honored guest today. Eddie, you need to read a little Nietzsche. There are two sets of rules in the world, the ones the big boys play by and the ones for the little people. When you’re around me, you can just forget about your little-people’s rules.”

The waves, the sky, the sand, the sun — it was all magical. Bobby Z eventually walked into the front yard of some celebrity he knew and occupied a bench and table. I sheepishly followed and sat next to him. And for the next twenty minutes we sat silently looking at A-list actresses and models walking by in bathing suits.

Without turning to look at me, Bobby Z squinted his eyes at the ocean and said, “Malibu has got to have the finest pussy on this planet. One day I should settle here with some wealthy local widow who’s ten years older than me and looks five years younger than me.”

“Bobby Z,” I asked timidly, “what in the world would a guy like you see in a person like me?”

Bobby Z patted my back and said, “There’s something still innocent in you, Eddie. Somehow, no matter what you’ve been through and in spite of all you’ve done, you still have it. It’s like nothing can get at it or take it away. You’re the only one in my world who’s really that way. And just like you’d feel a little lost without me, I’d feel a little lost without you. Do you understand?”
I shook my head slowly, as if a little light had just dawned on my mind, and said, “Yeah. I think maybe I do.”

*

The next several months with Rabbeckah were generally positive and non-dramatic. It was a year of mostly wholesome fun. Early on, we seemed to be sexually compatible, but that compatibility was not deep and our romantic differences inevitably surfaced. We had previously been wildly different but got together during a time of accidental harmony, a harmony which would fade away as our lives slowly resumed their previous patterns. It would be as if two travelers found themselves on a common road with a fork behind them and a fork ahead of them; and it would be as if they’d come upon the first fork from entirely different directions and would proceed together until the second fork, at which point they would set off in entirely different directions. Dorothy had not been a bad matchmaker, because Rabbeckah was as edgy then as she would ever be and I was as receptive to New Age fluff as I would ever be. But Rabbeckah was destined to lose a lot of her tolerance for edginess and I was destined to become deeply cynical about New Age dogma.

There were some unhappy scenes toward the end of our romantic journey together, but none filled with undue anger or even rancorous bitterness. We remained platonic friends for many years after we stopped dating and got along quite excellently. The fact that I broke off the romantic relationship was not referred to much, and, if it was referred to, it was only briefly and only with the mildest of reproaches. It must be said that two people never drifted apart more slowly and more naturally. In the beginning of our post-romantic relationship, we called each other every few days, still needing the friendship aspect of our relationship. But other men would come her way and I had way too many distractions to deal with; and so the phone calls between us became less and less frequent.

Meanwhile the defiant and rebellious side of my personality began to become so dominant that my already-distant family was insulted. The main cause for offense was that the poor and crippled and mentally ill were, from their point of view, supposed to be meek and chastened and humbled. And so imagine their horror when I begun to pretend to be perfectly proud of myself and began to write poetry and song lyrics glorifying poverty and indolence.

And while there were still family visits, they became shorter and shorter and were conducted under more and more strained circumstances. I was visited with the same lack of enthusiasm one would visit a demented uncle in a memory care center who believes he on the verge of great achievements although he can barely rise from bed. But our class of people does not break off family relations because that carries a social stigma with it and one might suffer a social demotion over that, hence one had to claim one’s family was still together while breaking off the emotional aspect of relationships with undesirables.

One major difference between me and Rabbeckah was that before meeting each other we lived drastically different lifestyles. For one thing, she always had a car and I rarely did. Her natural lifestyle was more standard than mine. Her world had a veneer of financial normalcy to it. These differences in our economic status would lead her to frequently call for me to “manifest prosperity.” Also, Rabbeckah had more nerve than I did about living large. Having filed bankruptcy once already, I tried to pay all my bills to the cent every month, even if that meant almost never buying any new household items. She, on the other hand, didn’t mind taking financial risks to maintain a physical environment that looked respectable and in which a middle-class visitor would feel comfortable.

Another major difference between us came over the issue of diet. As she got to be more and more New Age, her theories about what one should eat became more dogmatic, as though she was quoting eternal laws, even though those eternal laws changed weekly, depending on what the latest guru, shaman or psychic proclaimed. And furthermore, she tied my failure to “manifest health” to my refusal go along with any of these theories; and thus the claim was made that my disinterest in these dietary systems was evidence of my being willfully complicit in my own health problems. Additionally, her random attempts to resurrect various aspects of kosher diet got mixed in with all of the New Age dietary prescriptions and proscriptions. The sheer number of decisions one would have to make to balance kosher dietary theories with New Age dietary theories simply became too much for me to even keep track of.

In the end, the number or irritants between us began to outweigh the moments of pleasure until the imbalance made the prospect of a life-partnership between us unthinkable. Given how defensive I was becoming, there was almost no way that I could have remained in a situation where the main focus was on reforming me. And the expectation that a person as sensitive and traumatized as I already was should also take serious and daily criticism gracefully was unrealistic. As noted with regard to my parents, I was becoming less graceful by the day when it came to reforming myself in the ways demanded by ordinary Southern Californians.

*

An odd postscript to the whole story of Rabbeckah and I is the scene at Malibu perhaps a year after I’d left Santa Monica. I’d come back for a few days to visit old friends before I moved out of Southern California completely in order to beach myself on the shores of the San Francisco Bay Area, one bad idea following another in eternal rotation. If the land of Disney, Hollywood and Capitalism is a miserable failure, then move to the world of Berkeley, Oakland and San Francisco where Socialism is a miserable failure. But don’t get down on yourself, since there are no good-idea places to move to anyway. Paradise is just Hell with a facelift.

After Rabbeckah and I neglected to call each other for at least a month, maybe more, I suddenly appeared in Santa Monica and asked Rabbeckah if she’d like to meet for dinner in Malibu. I had some extra money because of a recent Birthday in which a few distant family members each sent $50 checks. The Birthday money, combined with a few dollars I had saved on my own, would enable me to treat someone to dinner for once; and so I used the opportunity to try to show Rabbeckah that I was not totally useless all of the time.

She seemed delighted by this prospect as she knew Malibu well. We picked a high-end bistro along the shore, the same bistro, coincidentally, that Bobby Z had left his car at when he and I first walked the beach at Malibu. The conversation at dinner was brisk, and I was happy to hear that Rabbeckah was experimenting with dating assorted men with the hope of landing a good catch and ending in an arrangement that was truly sustainable. I told her of my current dating life, which at the moment had become rather skimpy. But I was not too bothered by this since I was on my way to San Francisco and was told I would be entering something akin to a sexual goldmine.

Another reason I was not too bothered by the current sexual drought was because my first lover in the City had been arranged for in advance of my ever arriving there. A platonic friend in Santa Monica had already set me up with a woman she knew in San Francisco. She had already sent photos of me to my future girlfriend in the City, and she had already sent photos of my future girlfriend in the City to me. Although we did not communicate directly, the verbal description we had each received of each other, along with the photos we had seen, were so convincing that the relationship was practically agreed on before we’d even met; and when we met, all went as predicted by all parties concerned.

At our Malibu dinner, Rabbeckah also spoke at length of the various artistic projects she was working on, including some impressive commissions to make large works for private collectors. The private commissions were a mixed blessing as they took a lot of time and energy and paid one just enough to stave off eviction, but not enough to stave off deep financial hardships. In any case, it was good to hear that she was getting work and making some new social contacts.

The dinner and drinks now consumed, with both of us having attained satiation and intoxication, it was time to walk along the portion of the Malibu shore that was not privately and illegally owned. And once one got away from the light emitted from the houses of the rich and famous and mean, the sky at the shore was incredibly dark and one could see the Milky Way in all its glory, something very rare now in any urban or suburban area of Southern California.

The immensity of this sight sent Rabbeckah and I into a brief nirvana-like state, a common reaction to being confronted with the fact that our extreme suffering, though usually an all-consuming consideration to us, is a ridiculously-small factor in the great movements of space, time and matter. The sight of suns outnumbering the grains of sand on the banks of the Ganges river naturally spurs on the realization that the gods, if they exist, have billions of other civilizations to attend to. And if, as Alan Watts thought, the universe is a dramatic device for the amusement of the heavens, then the show on earth is probably the very sleaziest film in the cosmic theater, a kind of back-woods porn-flick shot by a cocaine-addicted producer with barely enough money to pay his cameraman.

Rabbeckah noticed a short, thick segment of what must have been a massive tree that had washed onto the shore during an unusually high tide long ago. She motioned silently for us to sit there. And for a while we sat in silence. Then, overcome by the romantic scenery, the wine we had consumed and silly sentimentality for a past which was rapidly slipping away, I embraced Rabbeckah and began to attempt to kiss her. But she wisely said, “Not now. I’m not up to it. I need to concentrate on settling down.”

I was not as hurt or offended as I usually would be in such circumstances, my brittle ego apparently having been subdued by the grandiosity of the universe itself, and so I merely shrugged and said, “No problem.”

*

Some subjects had not been broached over dinner. I had not yet brought up the fact that I was rapidly becoming an antinomian cynic, becoming almost as caustic and skeptical, in my darker moods, as U.G. Krishnamurti could be. Furthermore, Rabbeckah had not yet brought up the plethora of New Age theories she tended to proffer, opting to say nothing of the discredited psychic healers, freakish channelers and supernatural miracle workers who usually enthralled her.

To break these ice on these topics, I told her of the ever-more-perverse direction my writing and lifestyle seemed to be taking, explaining that, in spite of my speaking like a cynical Atheist and acting like a crazed heathen, my quest for God-consciousness had not subsided at all. She seemed neither impressed nor dismayed by this report, but accepted it with perfect grace and ease, offering no criticism regarding my latest philosophical manias.

It was now clearly her turn to state what was going on with her spiritual life, but the subject seemed to hold minimal allure for her; and so I was surprised to feel I must press a matter which had otherwise been an enthusiasm neither of us could ordinarily suppress even if we had wanted to.

At last she said, “There’s really not much to say.”

Taken aback, I replied, “But we were always proposing, debating and pondering spiritual ideas. How could there be almost nothing to say about it?”

“Things have changed.”

“Changed? What does your psychic say about that?”

“I wouldn’t know.”

“Wouldn’t know? Is she okay? Has she suffered some reversal?”

“No, she’s fine.”

“Are you saying you stopped seeing her?”

“Pretty much. I’m not a client of hers anymore. We’re just friends now.”

“What about the aura reader lady and the tarot-card guy? What’s up with them?”

“We don’t hang out that much anymore.”

“What about that Brazilian faith healer in the forest, the one you used to attend satellite conferences with?”

“He got arrested for sleeping with underage girls.”

“Weird. So, what now? You’re not an Agnostic, are you?”

“Oh no, nothing like that.”

“Are you doing the monkish path of the solo practitioner now, trying out a sort of spiritual-recluse thing?”

“No, that was never my thing.”

“Then where are you going?”

“I’m back into Judaism full-time now.”

“Hold on, you’re not going to tell me you went over to the orthodox side, are you?”

“I’m not that kind of crazy.”

“An ultra-liberal, reformed, left-wing-politics kind of synagogue?”

“I’m not that political.”

“Then what?” I demanded.

She smiled in a slightly melancholy way and replied, “It’s just a kind of middle-of-the-road moderately-conservative congregation. There’s no fundamentalism, but it’s no left-wing place either.”

“That’s all?” I said incredulously.

“Yup, that’s it. Sorry if that’s boring for you.”

“No, I’m fine with that. I mean, every fourth person I meet in The Valley is like that. I get along fine with them.”

“Did you ever go to a synagogue?”

“Yeah, I tried it . . . against my will, I’ll admit. You know, it’s an open secret that Jews can proselytize too.”

“You mean those Christian ones posing as Jews?”

“No, I mean really real Jews who get to know me. If they dig me a lot, they figure, ‘Why not invite this guy into the best religion on the planet?’ It’s happened a lot of times to me.”

“Hmm,” she mused. “I guess that’s okay. Did you ever think of taking them up on their offer.”

“Oh yes,” I replied, “I thought about it a lot of times. I’ve had a lot of loneliness in me since I left that Baptist church.”

“Yeah,” she said, smiling a bit more broadly, “but it’s never really going to be your thing, right?”

“You’re probably right about that,” I acknowledged, “but some-times I wish it was.”

She patted my hand and concluded, “You’re doing the best you can do, for now.”

Fifteen minutes later I stood in the parking lot of the bistro and watched the tail-lights of her car fade into the distance and thought, “She’s probably doing the right thing by just hanging out with sane people with ordinary ideas. She’s probably dodging a lot of bullets by staying away from all those New Age whack-jobs. Good for her.”

After that night, however, the frequency of her calls was greatly reduced; and several years after that, she just didn’t return my calls anymore. By that time, though, I was being published in a lot of periodicals (rarely ever getting paid, of course) and almost everyone, usually against their will, had been exposed to my work somewhere. And there’s no doubt that Rabbeckah had come across my work a number of times and knew the sort of wild man I was becoming. Since I was mostly being billed as a crazy, underground rebel, and since Rabbeckah had clearly decided that there was just no rebellion left in her, she likely broke away from me in order to stay focused on her calm and reasonable world. Seeing the situation for what it probably was, I didn’t pester her any further. I miss her from time to time; but even if we should make contact, what would we talk about?

*

Dorothy and I slipped out of contact gradually. Being no longer totally bed-ridden all of the time, I started dating Rabbeckah once or twice a week and reporting to Bobby Z a couple of nights a week. For her part, Dorothy began to get serious about a certain guy from her wrung of society. In spite of these things, I  would have made a more earnest effort to keep up contact with Dorothy, but I’d become distracted by a temp agent who accepted my physical and psychological limitations and tried hard to match me up with tiny jobs that wouldn’t hurt my health or let down clients. All of this made me more busy than usual right when Dorothy became really busy with an outright courtship effort. As would eventually happen with me and Rabbeckah, the centrifugal forces of society itself would begin to inevitably pull me and Dorthy away from each other.

Adding to the list of reasons me and Dorothy were running out of common ground to stand on: Dorothy and I had failed to successfully launch a small business based on selling her artworks to upscale boutiques around town. And it was through these failures that she began to see that although she had a lot of artistic skill, her particular aesthetic was never going to be all the rage, and thus she would likely never be able to make a living off her art. While there are some pure artists who truly practice their art form out of sheer love for it, most practitioners of any given art form, even if they vehemently deny it, are hoping one day to be noticed in a significant way. If years of toiling at a certain artistic endeavor leads to no financial, romantic or social advancement, one tends to notice the practitioner slowly begin to lose interest in the art form in question. So it was with Dorothy. Once it became clear the larger world had no interest in her creative output, the output simply stopped. And with the decline of her artistic life came a disinclination to engage with the edgy side of the world. 

With little left to experience in edgy social circles, Dorothy naturally began to gravitate back to the understated and well-financed world she came from, slowly drifting out of my life and Rabbeckah’s life too. Meanwhile neither Rabbeckah nor I had yet lost hope in trying to make the art-ship sail. We were busy with each other and with our own art projects. And we were also both busy working on the ever-present and always-evolving project of trying to pay our bills in a town that neither of us had any business trying to settle down in. All of this made it inevitable that the lively three-person confabs between Rabbeckah, Dorothy and me would become rarer and rarer until they ceased altogether. And with Dorothy practically out of the picture, me and Rabbeckah would naturally seek out another upper-middle-class friend to fill out our evenings and round out our collection of social contacts.

Fortunately, Rabbeckah had acquired that new upper-middle-class friend. Her name was Gertrude, and I got a big kick out of her. Gertrude was an unapologetically German lady who was making a small fortune on commissions as the number-one-selling clerk at a high-end department store. In addition to that, she’d been awarded a nice trust fund set up by a rich uncle. (Her parents were also rich and going to leave her half of everything. They only had two children and had enough to make them both wealthy.) Gertrude was tall but not towering, and she was exactly plump enough to be utterly voluptuous without looking overweight . She had a stunning face with full lips, high cheekbones and perfectly radiant skin. She was almost as cynical as I was, but almost as tactful as Dorthy, a sort of best-of-all-worlds scenario. Everyone who met her was smitten and she was continually approached by straight men and lesbian women, but she seemed to lean toward the asexual-but-persuadable side of things.

*

One night Rabbeckah confronted me (and there was no getting away with trying to lie to her). “You’re in love with Gertrude, right?”

Not only cornered, but not willing to say blatantly lie, I replied, “Of course I am. What choice would I have?”

“I know,” said Rabbeckah with a chuckle, “and I’m not even jealous. You know why?”

“Why?”

“Because every guy we pass on the street becomes a drooling mess around her. I hate to say it, but you’re actually more classy about it than other guys who should know better.”

“Okay, so I’m not losing my mind or being a jerk about it?”

“No, not at all. Anyway, she’s going to be even richer that Dorothy one day, so she already told me that you’re out of the question. But I asked her what she would think about you if you could hold down a real job.”

“What did she say?”

“She said she would think about it. But since we all know you’re never going to be employee-of-the-year anywhere, well, the question is settled. But she thinks you’re cute, if that’s any consolation.”

I nodded to indicate that it was some consolation to hear that, and then said, “What about you?”

“Oh, you dope,” replied Rabbeckah, “I’m not even slightly gay.”

“But still, what do you think?” I pressed.

“Oh yeah, when me and Gertrude go out clothes-shopping, sometimes we have to share a dressing room and I see her in her undies. And yeah, if I were gay, I’d be all over that.”

Somehow this whole conversation made me extremely horny and me and Rabbeckah had unusually passionate sex, a kind of rare thing in our otherwise rather friend-like sexuality together.

After we both had two orgasms and rolled onto separate sides of the bed, Rabbeckah said, “Ha ha ha! I’m going to tell Gertrude all about this. She’s going to laugh her head off. She’s a pervert that way.”

Sadly, after I broke up with Rabbeckah, I never saw Gertrude again. I knew that such a proposition as seeing her one-on-one was highly unlikely. And while I had small heartaches here and there over Gertrude’s absence in my life, the whole thing was too one-sided to take seriously.

*

Dorothy, looking very distracted and almost harried, was rushing out of the front door of our apartment building just as I was heading in to try to freshen up before going off to my symbolic volunteer job. I’d just managed to catch the bus home from a particularly easy temp assignment and thought I might take a little nap before going into the party offices so that I didn’t fall asleep in in front of Bobby Z and Felicia. But before I could get into the building and before Dorothy could reach the sidewalk, we almost collided into each other.

She seemed almost alarmed to see me, although I couldn’t imagine why that could be so. When we came almost face to face, I said, “Dorothy! Where have you been? I’ve left three messages on your answering machine over the last two months. I think I even slipped a note or two underneath your door.”

“Oh,” she said almost breathlessly, “I’ve been so distracted. There’s so much going on. I can’t manage it all. I didn’t mean to neglect you.” And, after saying that, it was almost as if she were trying to rush around me to leave without further explanation.

“Wait a minute,” I said. “I thought you were a woman a leisure. What’s all this hustle and bustle about? At least fill me in on what’s going on.”

It was as if she almost had to stop her feet from involuntarily carrying her off. She halted herself in a most unnatural way and let out a huge sigh. “I can’t live in this old building anymore. I’ve got to move into a real apartment. The interior designer and the architect have to meet with me today to finalize the plans.”

“The architect? What, are tearing out the walls of a condo and building it over from scratch?”
“No, I just . . . My dad . . . He wants to make sure that I move to a proper apartment . . . There’s a man . . . Maybe a man . . . Kids . . . Kids to see too . . . And I need a bigger art studio . . . More room.”

“A man? I knew you had been seeing someone for a while, but you
never told me it was getting so serious.”

“No, not him . . . A new one.”

“Really? Amazing! And already you’re thinking about living together?”

“It’s true love, Eddie . . . I can’t turn 30 and have no family . . . My reproductive system . . . I need a man with kids already . . . He loves me . . . The new place is going to be beautiful . . . I want to be a mother?”

“A mother! You never told me a word about this. I never pictured either of us with kids. How could all this be going on and you not tell me anything?”

She stopped and put her hand on her forehead, and another hand on her chest, as if her heart were palpitating.

“I don’t know what to say. I’m in love. I’m in love with the idea of being a mother now. I’m not even sure how much art I’m even going to be able to do. Maybe I’ll just give the studio to my husband . . . Boyfriend . . . Our kids . . . The kids.”

“Dorothy,” I said, now holding her shoulders still with my hands. “Calm down a minute. You seem like you’re having a panic attack.”

Upon hearing this, Dorothy suddenly gathered her composure, sighed again, and was again able to look me directly in the face. “Well, I’ll tell you all about it some other time. But what are you doing?”

“Still painting. Still dating Rabbeckah, but, to tell you the truth, I think that’s starting to fade away. You won’t be angry with me, will you, if I’m just not able to stay with her forever?”

“Oh no, of course not, Eddie. I didn’t mean for it to be a forever thing anyway. The way I saw it, you both needed out of a jam. No harm done either way.”

“Good, good.” I said. “Thanks for that.”

She wiped her bangs away from her forehead and said, “So, what else are you doing with yourself?”

“Oh, there’s the on-and-off temp work, hanging out with Bobby Z and Felicia and those people. But my main thing now is I’m crazy for reading. It feels like reading classic novels is taking over my life. It’s like a whole new way of doing philosophy.”

“What are you working on now?”

“Well, I just finished “Crime And Punishment” by Dostoyevski. It’s amazing.”

“Great! If it’s that good, why don’t you lend it to me?” 

“Hmm,” I mused aloud, “I’m not sure it would be your thing.”

“Sure it would,” she replied confidently. “What? You think I’m not cutting edge anymore? I can handle it. I’m not a total virgin or something. Just drop the book off by my door before you go to bed and I’ll read it all. I’m a fast reader. I’ll bet I get through it in a few days.””

“Hmm,” I replied. “You might be right. It takes me weeks, months sometimes, to read a book everyone else can read in a few days. Maybe it would be no big deal.”

“I’m sure it wouldn’t, Eddie,” she said with a slightly annoyed smile. “And besides, we need to talk. You’re right, we haven’t talked. This will remind me to call you. We’ll do a real English teatime before I move, with finger foods and everything, okay?”

“Cool!” I said enthusiastically. “Call me next week when you’re done with it and we’ll do our teatime. We’ll celebrate your new life. Then you can tell me all about how you met this new, amazing guy and his beautiful kids. We’ll catch up!”

“Okay!” said Dorothy conclusively as she gave a quick, perfunctory hug and a mannish slap-or-two on the back before rushing off.

As I turned to follow her progress toward the street, a big, black Lincoln Continental pulled up and a back door flew open, as if on it’s own. She hopped in and the driver hit the gas. The engine roared and the car flew down the road.

*

I got a kind of frantic call from Rabbeckah, which was surprising considering we were coming to rely less and less on each other. “What the hell happened to Dorothy?”

“What do you mean?” I said, stunned at the urgency of Rabbeckah’s tone of voice.

“What did you do to her? She stopped by here rambling like a madwoman, all the time saying something incoherent about a book you gave her?”

“You mean “Crime And Punishment?”

“Yes, that was it.”

“Dostoyevski drove someone insane?”

“Apparently so. What the hell is that book about?”

“Ah, I see what’s happened.”

“What happened?”

“She asked me what I’d been working on lately, and I told her I’d just got done reading Dostoyevski.”

“That’s it?”

“Yeah, and then she asked to borrow the book, but then I warned her that she might not find it to her liking; but she said she could handle it and so I lent it to her.”

“So what’s the basic theme?”

“Human guilt. The failure of all attempts at deception. The fear of being found out. How people hold up under cross-examination. That kind of thing.”

“Oh God, I can just picture it. What a disaster. So you gave that upbeat little lady a book about murder and guilt and the unmasking of the dark underbelly of the human ego?”

“Hey, I know people who are evil and quite proud about it.”

“No, no. You don’t get Dorothy. She needs to believe people are good. She can’t be reading things that point to the subconscious killer in all of us!”

“Well, it’s a good thing she doesn’t work for any political party then. She’d crack up in a week just seeing how their accounting works. I’m already disillusioned, but so far I’ve not let it push me over the edge.”

“There’s a cure for disillusionment. You could come to my shamanic power-woman workshops. They allow men in there, so long as they acknowledge the primacy of the female principle in the universe. You can break through your cynicism in there, Eddie.”

“That sounds about as inviting as sitting in a dentist chair for two hours and having a root canal.”

“Jesus, Eddie, do you have to be so cynical. You’re beginning to sound like your boss.”

“You mean Bobby Z?” I inquired.

“Yes, the longer you hang around that guy, the more you seem to think female spirituality is all a joke,” declared Rabbeckah.

I could tell that me and Rabbeckah were about to have a really bad argument, the kind that guys and gals get into that they regret later. It was the sort of situation where people could say things they couldn’t take back. It wasn’t worth the drama over a relationship I knew was only going to last several weeks longer at the most. So rather than let my pride get the best of me, I said, “I’ll check up on Dorothy later. I’ve got to get some rest before I go back to my volunteer gig.”

“You mean the ‘work’ you do driving around Malibu in your boss’s Audi looking for the best pussy on the planet?’’ said Rabbeckah.

“Nice work if you can get it,” I replied with a chuckle and gently clicked the phone off as opposed to doing one of those hard hang-ups that signal hostility. And as I fell back onto my bed, I realized I was not even slightly offended and actually laughed out loud to myself.

*

Within five minutes I was fast into a dream. I was dreaming of new girls moving into the vacant units in our building, dreaming of walking with them along the beach in Malibu, me in a casual off-white suit and them in tiny bikinis. And off in the distance, on a beach chair, drinking cocktails from a tumbler was Bobby Z who smirked, raised his glass in a salute, and added, as me and my new friends headed down the shore, “Damn good job, Eddie. I knew you could do it! See you back at the office.”

And as we continued on, the woman next to me said, “Who was that, Eddie?” — and I just replied, “Oh just a guy I do a little part-time work with.”

And squinting at me doubtfully, the woman in the dream said, “What kind of work?” — to which I replied, “Image, if you will, a job that, over time, involves less and less work, till one day the job has no work at all, but you keep getting paid anyway.”

The woman in the dream then stopped and said, “Eddie, you’re just making fun of me, aren’t you.”

“Hmm,” I said, “maybe it’s better that you believe that. Maybe the truth is just to weird to believe anyway.”

The woman in the dream pushed her sunglasses onto the top of her head and into a bunch of light brown, sun-bleached hair and said, “You’re so funny, Eddie. I need you to kiss me, right now.”

But as I began to engage in the most erotic kiss of all time, I suddenly inhaled an excited breath and found myself awake. I turned to look at my alarm clock. It would be time to get up and get ready to go in five minutes, so I dragged myself out of bed. Bobby Z would laugh when I told him about my dream (and he’d even get a kick out of the fact that my soon-to-be ex-girlfriend was obviously offended by the idea of “the best pussy on the planet”).

*

The next day, as I was heading in to take my late-day nap, I again ran square into Dorothy as she was again rushing out the building.

“Hey!” I said, “What the heck is going on with you. Rabbeckah says you’ve snapped. Was it really that book I gave you that did it?”

Dorothy, with an absolutely crazed look on her face, attempted to rush by me, but I called out and said, “Dorothy, get a grip on yourself now! You’ve got to tell me what’s the matter!”

She turned around with a look of wild terror in her eyes and said, “I dropped the book off by your door. I can’t have it my house. I just cannot.”

“Okay, fine,” I replied, “but are you going to be okay? Do we need to get you to the doctor.”

“No!,” she exclaimed, tossing her hands in the air. “No! I’m sorry, Eddie. I just have to move, got to get out of this place. The kids. I need to take care of the kids.”

Within days of that, Dorothy’s apartment was empty. I came and looked through the open door to find the building manager talking with a contractor about how to get the unit ready for another tenant. The manager, a certified paranoid, a war veteran with very bad PTSD (who wandered around with murder in his eyes and a loaded gun in his hand) turned to me and said with a soft and mournful voice, “It’s sad. She was such a nice girl. Do you know what made her snap? She had her rent paid two months in advance and moved out anyway. Didn’t even ask for her deposit back. Her move-out notice to me was hysterical. I could barely read the scribbling on it. Well, anyway, I feel sorry for her. I know what it’s like to feel the bottom fall out.”

The unit would barely need any work before it would be rented to the next tenant. The hired cleaners came late at night and scrubbed the place cleaner than a hospital room. All the walls were repainted in the blink of an eye, as if a ghost had come in unseen and magically completed the job in total silence. The perfection of it all added to the devastation for me. Both Rabbeckah and Dorothy were quickly fading from my life; and even though I felt that it was all my fault, I couldn’t think of anything I could do to stop it.

After that, Dorothy returned my calls less and less often; and even when she did, there wasn’t much to say. She sounded truly happy to be the stepmother of her new love’s children; and she never talked about art or literature again. Both her family and her new lover’s family were wealthy, and there would never be an issue about money. Dorothy and her husband-to-be were free to work, or not, at their leisure. Everything, from the day she left Santa Monica, was all about family, and not much else.

The only thing about art she mentioned (and she concluded each call by restating this) was that my best painting of all time, “Éd’s Thought,” was in a custom-made glass frame on her living room wall, the centerpiece of her home. That work is one of only a few paintings of mine that survive, still hanging on the walls, to this day, of the people who own them. Having left me behind, those people, so I hear through the grapevine, cling to those paintings and bring them to every home they move into.

*

In the theologically-oriented parts of Los Angeles County, the Christians, the Jews and the Muslims argue about what God’s name is. Due to the controversies surrounding Hebrew, Arabic and Greek, and due to all the possible translations and interpretations of those languages, that controversy continues to this day. This odd postscript to my journeys with Dorothy and Rabbeckah surrounds my attempt to resolve the mystery as to what God’s real name might be.

One day I woke up from a nap and said to myself, “I’ve got it! I know what God’s name is. It’s Éd, not Eddie, not just Ed, but Ed with an accent on top.”

The minute this realization crystallized in my mind, I ran over to Dorothy’s place, and, as fate would have it, Rabbeckah was there. She had snuck into the building without telling me just to have a little girls’-only time with Dorothy.

Sensing I was intruding, after I burst in on them, I exclaimed, “I’m sorry to interrupt. You can go back to your one-on-one meeting, but I have to announce this before I forget it.”

“What is it!” they both said in unison.

“It’s Éd!” I cried.

“Ed?” said Rabbeckah.

“Yep,  Éd,” I said nodding my head up and down, “but with an accent mark over the capital E.  Éd”

“Who is that?” inquired Dorothy.

“It’s the solution to the puzzle. It’s God’s name. I know it for sure. I don’t know how I know; and you don’t have to believe me. But just muse it over for a few days, and you’ll see. It’s intuitive. You’ll just know,” I said, rambling like an manic madman.

Rabbeckah and Dorothy both turned to each other and laughed, “Ha ha ha!”

And, as it turned out, we all agreed instantly on that solution to the controversy. Wondering, though, if I’d named God after myself, a thing lunatics do, I noted again that God’s name is not Eddie, nor Ed, but a totally new name, “Éd,” the name only being similar to mine, but not my name at all.

All of us proceeded to tell our friends. Of course many of the Orthodox Christians, Jews and Muslims were offended, but some of the local sages quietly admitted in private to each other, “He’s solved it, the great mystery.” The name even spread to some religious blacks in East LA; and I once even heard a gangster say, “Éd’s got my back, man. I got faith in  Éd.”

But now that I live far away from Southern California, and now that it’s decades later, I can’t say for sure that anyone but Dorothy still uses the name. Even I’d forgotten about it until I sat down to write this memoir. Now that Rebbeckah’s gone Conservative, it’s doubtful she would be amused by that nomenclature anymore. And thus only Dorothy, with that painting on her wall, the one who sees that painting and it’s title every day, “ Éd’s Thought,” prays with any regularity to the God Éd. And I can only hope that she is consoled, in spite of the loss of her artistic life and her old friends back in Santa Monica.

*

One day I was finally lonely enough again, having fled so many relationships and having been deserted by so many people, to admit that I was afraid there might soon be no people left in my world.

Perhaps the reader, with the information so far provided, can judge the degree of my culpability in the creation of my own loneliness in those days. It appears that I, after several rounds of therapy and pill-taking, couldn’t sort out how much of my alienation was my own fault, other people’s fault or no one’s fault.

In any case, I wandered the halls of the apartment building alone, all but crying out for aid until at last Christa saw me wandering in and out of the front door of the building, now standing on the porch gazing out at the eastern horizon, now nervously going up the stairs to my room, now pacing by the back exit.

“Hey man,” she said, “are you okay?”

“No,” I replied, “I’m afraid I’ve gone and screwed it all up. My family is sick of my neediness. I’m too shallow to commit to my ex, and my one friend in the building fled because my Dostoyevski book gave her a nervous breakdown.”

“Nah,” she said, “that’s bullshit. I know who you’re talking about. Dorothy was nuts from day one. If it wasn’t you who drove her over the edge, it would have been someone else. And that New Age lady you dated — I saw her coming and going for months. Those New Age goofballs are getting to be a dime-a-dozen. Anyway, she’s not right for a picky guy like you. I know your type. It’s not an accident you never asked me out. It’s not like we didn’t run into each other enough times in the hall. I’m too plain for you. And every waiter in Southern California knows about your rich family. What restaurant haven’t they been to ten times? They’re a bunch of Orange County snobs. You were never going to get real love from them anyway. I saw them more than once when I was a waitress and living in Fullerton. I overheard the way they talk. Trust me. It’s not you. It’s them. You’re fucked. That’s all.”

Having never had a conversation with this person, I stood there stunned with my mouth hanging open stupidly, amazed at how well she read the whole situation and how concisely she put the whole thing in perspective. And while it seemed an amazing coincidence that she’d served my family, apparently, if she was to be believed, it was not too very much of a coincidence at all. And then I wondered how many people knew all of this but thought it would be rude to tell me. And so, in my mind, I echoed the refrain of every neurotic: “Why am I always the last to know?”

She reached into her purse for her keys with one hand as she held a heavy bag of groceries with the other, and said, “Okay, Mr. Lonely, don’t just stand there. Come in. My coffee is not as fancy as your queenly Dorothy’s is, and it’s not the kind the $300-a-meal places serve to your parents, so you’ll just have to settle for what us average people drink, us plain middle-class girls with plain looks who can’t score a sugar daddy. Is that okay with you?”

I nodded stupidly and followed her into her very charming place. And, much to my surprise, it was a relief not to be in the living room of a millionaire or a New Age priestess. There was clearly something to learn from Christa, and it was nice to again sit my orphan-brained self in the living room of another home until some better plan came along, and, at that point, I had no plan whatsoever.

*

Months went by. We talked about everything, told each other our life stories, gave weekly reports to each other about jobs, friends and family. We didn’t drink much. She wasn’t all that into art. Her coffee, as advertised was average. But she had a big television and a nice couch. I can’t remember who even cooked. Maybe we took turns? The weather was perfect, never too hot or cold. Nothing dramatic happened. There were no big arguments, no spiritual revelations, no big breakthroughs.

From time to time I could see Christa looking at me with mild reproach in her eyes. Why didn’t I make a move on her? She wasn’t ugly or fat or mean, or even poor. Her family wasn’t crazy. There were no drugs. In fact, I don’t even think she smoked cigarettes. Ironically, she had a B.A. in art, but after graduation she became utterly indifferent to the topic.

She worked an office job, one of those really nondescript office jobs that still existed when computers were only a part of the office world, but not totally dominant as they are now. There were lots of old companies that didn’t want to trade away their manual operations, which were working excellently, for computerized procedures which, at that time, often worked out badly. It was a time where old-world mediocrity could really pay off and where nerdy excellence might reap only middling rewards. Christa had some job. That was all. It was in an office. That’s all there was to know about her career.

She was a good girl who deserved love and was very accommodating; and so it must have been an offense to her that I sat there taking up valuable evenings that could have been spent with someone serious. After all, she and I weren’t getting any younger. In twenty or thirty months we’d be thirty and unmarried, which, back in the 80s, was not considered cute or clever, not in Southern California.

*

One day I came home from the welfare office only to find a moving truck in front of the building and Christa carrying things out her apartment. Some nondescript man was with her. It could have been her dad, an older friend or a hired workman. Clearly Christa and her helper were not in a chatty mood and thus there would be no introductions.

“What!” I exclaimed, feeling a sudden pang of grief. “How can you leave?”

Christa looked at me as though both annoyed and disappointed, “Huh! Wait a minute. Are you about to cry on me?”

It was true that I was holding back tears and struggling to force myself not to cry. “But I’ll miss you,” I declared.

She looked at the ground and sneered, “Oh bullshit. If I mattered that much to you, you would have done something about it by now. You’re just being sentimental. Come on. Don’t lay this on me.”

I took in a deep breath to again overpower my urge to sob and said, “It’s going to be so lonely in this building without you.”

She waved off the remark and said, “I was a placeholder, nothing more. Don’t worry, Eddie. You’ll find more interesting people to lean on faster than you know. You’re just being lazy and self-pitying right now.”

Of course every word she was saying was true. I took a quarter turn away from her and pondered all this and said, as I calmed down, “Okay. Okay. But then did you get a way better apartment? Did you get to take over the lease of some rent-controlled mini-mansion?”

“No, it’s not like that, Eddie,” she explained. “I’m leaving Santa Monica altogether. And no, it’s not about you. I’m not leaving you. Let’s face it Eddie, we were no big deal, okay? I forgot to tell you I was moving. That’s all. I know that sounds lame, but that’s the way it is.”

“Forgot to tell me?” I said.

She then shook her head in frustration and added, “Okay, I should have said something. I kind of fucked up. I’m sorry. But that doesn’t change anything. And, by the way, Eddie, you need to get the fuck out of here too. There’s something wrong with this town. It rots your brain. It’s making you weaker, not stronger. This place is just not right.”

As she resumed carrying out full-length mirrors and boxes full of clothes and books, I looked on. The man helping her somehow knew intuitively that I was almost of no account and should not be bothered with. He breezed past me as fans, and framed photos, and boxes of pots, and boxes of pans and dishes, seemed to float onto the truck almost by themselves, the people merely walking back and forth accompanying the possessions as they moved.

I interrupted Christa’s work again and said, “So you’re not mad at me?”

“Yes, Eddie,” she replied firmly, “I’m a little pissed at you, but only a little. After all, I’m an adult, and I didn’t have to just sit there wasting my time with you for months. I could have made more of myself, but I was lonely too. These people in Santa Monica — something’s just off about them. I can’t put a finger on it. They’re all in rapid motion, but they’re not going anywhere. Even the famous ones seem like losers to me. We’re wasting our lives here, Eddie — if we don’t get out now, if we let rent control and inertia just get the better of us. Think about it, Eddie.”

“But will I ever see you again,” I whined, returning to my sentimental mode as the man helping her looked up and stared at me with mild hostility and then resumed his work.

Christa looked down and shook her head and put her palm on her forehead and muttered, “I can’t believe this shit.” And after a short pause, she added, “Just go, Eddie. Just go. We had our little time. We needed each other’s company during an empty space in our lives. We cannot turn this into a lifelong friendship. Good God, a runaround guy like you? I’d bore you to tears. You’d stop calling in a few months even if I gave you my new phone number. Look, we had an okay run. Let’s not ruin that. Try getting some reality into that thick skull of yours, please! Now, just go up your apartment and get a fuckin’ grip on yourself, alright?”

I was again in awe of Christa’s ability to see the beginning and end of things so simply. How had I not acquired this ordinary skill? My sorrow began to fade in the clear light of the total truth of things. Why cry momentous tears over the loss of an average joy? She had, at least for a moment, got through to my muddled brain. I gave a resigned half smile and said, “Yeah, you’re right. I guess I just need to pull my shit together.”

Her helper came up to us impatiently and said, “Okay, that’s it. There’s nothing left in the apartment. We’re late. I have to have this truck back before 9PM.”

I watched the truck pull away. And she went on to whatever destiny those immortal folks on Mount Olympus had planned for her. I never heard a thing about her fate after that.

I went up to my room and cried a while, then the tears stopped on their own.  Out of my window, I could see the sky fill with migrating birds. For some reason, successive generations of those birds had known what to do with themselves, but I did not; and I began to believe I never would.

*

The next day, just like when Dorothy suddenly moved, I walked by Christa’s now-vacant apartment and saw the manager and a worker in there. The manager glanced over at me momentarily and then resumed his discussion with the worker. I entered, head down at first, and silently wandered through the empty apartment, giving the place what I thought would be a last sentimental look before heading back toward the front door.

Just as I was about to cross the threshold into the main hallway, the apartment manager looked up at me severely and said, “She was a good girl, Eddie.” The worker who was with him, as if he somehow knew the whole situation, gazed on in silent disapproval.

“I know. I know!” I replied as I clenched my fist in frustration.

The manager put his hands on his hips and looked at me more sternly and said, “What now? More women? More underworld bosses? More booze and limousine rides? What will it take to make you happy, Eddie?”

I looked up at the ceiling in exasperation and said, “I don’t fucking know. I just do not know. I know how it looks. It looks like it’s all my fault. I know!” I clenched my fist again in frustration and then turned away to leave.

Both men turned to look at some high molding that needed to be replaced and the manager, as I existed the room, muttered, “Whatever, Eddie. Whatever.”

*

My joints were behaving well that day, and so I made it several blocks down to the waterfront and approached a pier. I wanted to sit down on a bench near the water. Yogis had said that meditating near the water was spiritually beneficial. But as I went to sit down on a bench, there was Bobby Z. He was sitting there wearing a new Rolex watch. I came and sat next to him.

“Nice watch,” I said flatly as I sat down.

He looked at is as though I’d pointed out something he had forgotten, “Oh yeah, well, it’s expected when you’re hitting up millionaires that you look a bit like one.”

“How do you like it?” I asked.

“Oh, it’s okay, I guess. Whatever,” he replied nonchalantly.

“Whatever?” I said. “That’s what my apartment manager just said to me. As I was leaving he said, ‘Whatever, Eddie. Whatever.’”

Bobby Z looked over at me with a smirk and said, “Ah, knowing you the way I do, I bet you think it’s a divine message. How funny, the idea of ‘whatever’ being some cosmic message. You’re a kick, you know.”

I chuckled for a moment, then hung my head sadly and said, “She just moved out on me today.”

“Who,” he inquired, “that chick, Christa?”

“Yeah her. Just up and left. No reason.”

“No reason except that Santa Monica will drain your wallet and your soul and leave you nowhere?”

“Uh, yeah. I guess that was exactly the reason.”

“Not a bad reason.”

“Well, I can’t help it. I miss her. I’m a little sad.”

“Sad? You’re kidding right?”

“Why not be sad?”

“I’ll tell you why. I came to get you one night because you overslept. You forgot to set your alarm and didn’t wake up from your nap; and I wondered why the hell you didn’t come meet me and Felicia for drinks. We were supposed to meet at eight. She wanted to flirt with you a bit and we thought you just blew us off. Remember?”

“Oh right. Yeah, I fucked up that night. Sorry.”

“No, don’t be sorry. Screw that. What I’m saying is that I met that chick Christa in the hall. She was going out as I was coming in. We talked for about fifteen minutes. At first she seemed interesting, but she ran out of things to say. She was a normie. There was no game there. She’s not going to move anyone’s football down the field.”

“Ah, so you met her. Well, so you can picture who I’m missing.”

“Yes, but fuck her.”

“Fuck her?”

“Christa’s boring and you know it.”

“I know it’s stupid, but I’m feeling hung up anyway.”

Bobby Z pulled out a pair of Porsche sun glasses and put them on to reduce the glare coming off the water. Then he added, “So anyway. Get over it.”

“Porsche sun glasses now?” I said.

“Damn right, buddy. Either you’re in the game or you not,” said Bobby Z authoritatively.

“Bobby Z,” I inquired, “I’m never gonna be in the game, am I.”

Bobby Z chuckled and said, “Count yourself lucky. Look, you’re a religious man and I’m not. But I’m going to talk in your language so maybe I can get through to you. Would that be okay?”

“Sure,” I replied, “Why not?”

Bobby Z directed his gaze out to the horizon, and from behind his dark sun glasses he spoke, as if to the light breeze coming into shore which rustled our hair, “So here’s the way it goes. When God made the world, He made bad guys and good guys. The Chinese call it Yin and Yang, light and dark, good and evil. And they were all in perfect balance, and nobody judged any of it. Now when God made me, He took damn good care of the dark side when He did that. And when God made you, well, He did a so-so job of making the light side; and I intend one day to take Him up on His management skills regarding that. But the matter of efficiency and competence aside, you only get to be a little bit bad and I only get to be a little bit good. If you try to fuck around with the machine too much, you break it. Think about it, Eddie: If you had your shit together and you knew what your life meant and where you were going, what the heck would you need from a guy like me? So here’s the deal: I’m the bad guy who knows where we’re going. You’re the good guy who can’t figure shit out. That’s the deal God made with us, Eddie. So just stop trying to have the big relationship that will make you a normal person. Stop trying to get the big break that will earn you a real living. Just fuck around a little with this or that job, then fuck around a little with this or that woman. I’ll smooth out the rough edges if the shit hits the fan. We’re not letting you go homeless, and Felicia will just give me money to find you a hooker if it comes to that. She knows all about you. I tell her everything, you know. You just keep running your little bullshit experiments and I’ll keep playing the money game with the big boys. Those are your orders. You got it?”

I squinted and turned to Bobby Z and said, “Orders from God?”

“Maybe, Eddie. Maybe,” he replied as he got up and dusted off his suit and turned to his car.

“I’m expecting you at the office tomorrow,” he added before getting into his gold Audi. “No flaking out this time. I’ve got something to show you. In the meantime, go home and go back to bed and sleep it all off.”

I stood and stared as the car pulled away and headed down the coast.

The wind started to pick up a few minutes later and I got a bit chilly. I said to the air as I turned home to crawl into bed, “Okay Lord. I just won’t do anything about it. That’s my orders, to stop trying to fix it all. Okay, God.”

*

The next day I woke up at exactly the right time and hurried to the kitchen to get some coffee going. (Now that Dorothy was gone, Felicia had taken up the cause of importing great coffee for me. The party was writing it off as a medical expense, classifying it as an antidepressant.) Then I whirled into the bathroom and pulled my appearance together. I felt relieved because there was no more need to look for the perfect job, since, apparently, I was already doing my ideal job and just didn’t know it. I left the apartment ahead of schedule and caught a bus to Bobby Z and Felicia’s office.

When I got there, most of the desks were empty. Taisha was alone in the regular part of the office; and in the manager’s office, through the heavy glass partition, one could see Felicia talking intensely on the phone with some field operative or VIP.

I turned to Taisha and said, “Where’s Bobby Z and all the others? He said he wanted me to be here on time today because he had something to show me.”

Taisha was busily filling out complicated forms about which I knew nothing; and she waited till she reached a good stopping place before turning toward me and looking up. “Bobby Z and the others had to hurry to LAX. There’s been a lot of princes, princesses and sheikhs rolling into town and someone has to show them a good time.”

“What does Arab royalty have to do with the cause of the people’s struggle for economic equality in America?” I inquired.

Taisha stared at me for a moment, with her mouth hanging slightly open, but then broke into a skeptical smile, “You’re kidding me, right?”

“What do you mean by that?” I said rather disconcertedly.

Taisha laughed and said, “Eddie, you’re a fuckin’ trip. Brother, some day I need to take you to the East Side to meet my people. And then, you know what? They’ll tell you all about what the glorious worker’s struggle has done for them.”

I tossed out my hands on either side of me and said, “So this is just all a big ego trip, just a social club?”

Taisha shook her head sadly and turned her gaze down toward the endless pile of work she did as the employee of a temp agency that didn’t even offer rudimentary healthcare benefits. As she began to resume her work filling in the endless stack of forms, she said, “Eddie, I think Felicia wants to see you. Maybe she needs to give you an elementary education on politics, because Brother, you ain’t got a clue how this world runs. And at your age, it’s amazing you didn’t end up in a ditch somewhere.” She shook her head again and then silently continued her work, indicating that our very brief conversation had concluded.

I turned and looked with foreboding at Felicia behind the thick glass partition as she appeared to continue negotiations regarding whatever mysterious things powerful people negotiate about. Some kind of apprehension came over me and my intuition told me that maybe if I appeared confused, or appeared not to understand the instructions I was just given, that maybe I could slip away and come back on another day when perhaps the atmosphere of the office might be a bit breezier. I had just started to slip around Taisha in order to make my way to the front door when Felicia looked up from her phone call and, seeing me begin to walk away, motioned to me with one hand to come to her desk even has she held the phone in her other hand and listened intently.

I padded my way tepidly toward the open glass door, which, like the partition, seemed to be about two inches thick, on the verge of being either bulletproof or soundproof. My curiosity about that would be later satisfied. The heavy glass door and thick glass partition, it turned out, were meant for soundproofing and not as a security feature.

As I entered Felicia’s office, I noticed her jaw was stiffly closed in such a way as to indicate hard concentration. Still holding her phone with one hand, she used her other hand to motion for me to sit in one of the plush, overstuffed chairs. As she talked on the phone, I saw that the old wooden desktop had been removed and replaced with speckled, black marble. Inset into the upper back wall behind the desk, were a row of high-end stereo speakers which ran the whole length of the wall. Everything around me seemed to be upgrading so quickly that I wondered how a person like me, whose life appeared to stand so still, economically speaking, could even be invited into such high-end atmospheres on a regular basis.

Felicia turned away from me so that all I could see was her fluffy, curly head of big, brown hair. And she spoke into the phone. “Are you talking to him now, Sam? — No Sam, don’t put up with that bullshit. — He’s gotta be on drugs if he thinks he can get that price for the lousy conference room he gave us last time. — No, turn around and tell him right now the deal is off. — Oh, his feelings are hurt now? — Sam, tell him that Felicia says he can go fuck himself. — Yes, tell him. — Did he walk out on you? — Good. — Yes, he’ll be angry for a couple of days. — Right. — Then in two days he’ll call and cave and give us the real price. — No, Sam, we can’t ever be nice about anything to do with this business. If you didn’t want to play hardball, you shouldn’t have gotten into this business in the first place. — Are you going to be okay with this or not? Am I going to have to send someone out there to kick some of these vendors’ asses or are you going to get our shit handled? — Good, that’s the attitude I like to hear. — Listen, Sam. I’m not trying to be a total bitch with you. I like you, but the guys in this industry are usually jerkoffs. — No, darling, the nice way never works, trust me on that. — That vendor will never fall in line for sweet people. You know what happens when you’re sweet to him? I’ll tell you what happens: He fucks you over. — I’m not trying to hurt your feelings, but you’re going to be in this job for a long time, and if you keep trying to avoid confrontation, you’re going to get your feelings hurt way more than this, okay? — Good, I’m glad you’re getting with ‘the god damn program.’ — Oh, and one more thing. After he caves and gives us the right price, tell him I’ll be sending him a little reward from the modeling agency. He’s such a sucker for those whores. — No, I’m not mad at you. Don’t worry, it’s all gonna work out. You just do it my way and you’ll thank me one day, I promise. — Okay, Sam, I’ll be there in a week, and then you’re coming back up here to help me open the other office, you know the small one, the one I told you about last week. Yeah, and there’s a good bonus in it for you if you find me the right interior decorator who won’t jerk us around. — Stay strong, Sam. — Yes, Sam. I love you. Bye, bye.”

At last Felicia hung up the phone and turned to me, but her whole expression went from sharp and stern to warm and relaxed, “Whew! Sorry about that, Eddie, but I just had to hammer out a few little details there.”

“What’s this new office you were talking about,” I inquired.

“Oh that, it’s nothing really. Bobby Z will be taking my job of running the whole office while I work on a special project a few blocks away. Me and Bobby Z will still be checking in on each other every few days. It’s just that some of our operations can’t technically be run by this organization, so, from time to time we have to get our friends to start a new organization for us. Think of us as a web of organizations which, while legally separate, are really one sprawling complex, more like a colony of organizations that live in symbiotic harmony.”

“That last call didn’t seem very harmonious.”

“Oh, sure it was. You’re just a softball player so you take tough talk to heart. Think of hardball as just a separate language. It doesn’t necessarily mean what you think it does.”

“What will this new organization do?”

“Well, we need to get a lot of money in from the UAE, Qatar and the KSA.”

“What? Foreign countries are bankrolling US politics? That’s not right.”

“Oh really, Eddie. What do you imagine the RNC is doing right now with their operatives crawling through every board room in the Middle East? Do you think they go there to socialize?”

I felt a bit weak and rested my forehead on the palm of one hand, and said, “Okay, so when the Arab royalty donates to this other organization you’re forming, how does the money wind up back here?”

Felicia folded her hands on her lap and said, “That’s easy. We donate it all to a hundred different charities, real charities doing good work for poor people and sick people, mind you. But, of course, when the campaign season hits, if you don’t donate at least half of that money to the DNC, or one of it’s preferred operations, you can pretty much forget about getting any donations next year. After a year or two, everyone figures out what to do. And, if they can’t figure out something that obvious, they really shouldn’t be in management at all.”

I excused myself, pretending that I needed to go to the bathroom; and, in fact, I did go to the bathroom, but only to sit in the stall and take a moment to absorb everything I was hearing. Of course I considered the option of just giving up this set of friends, but then where would I be? And how many chances do grown up children wandering the world as if they were orphans get to be picked up by strong benefactors who will watch over them and, at the very least, shield them from total isolation. Once I faced that there was actually no choice to even ponder, I exhaled in frustration, splashed my face with water, ran my comb through some water and tidied up my hair and forced a half-passable smile onto my face.

As I exited the restroom, I walked by Taisha’s desk. She did not look up, but said, just above a whisper as she stared down at her work, “Ha ha. So Eddie got ‘the little talk,’ ha ha.” Then she paused, but just before I reached Felicia’s door, just barely audibly, she added, “Don’t feel so bad, Eddie, it wasn’t easy for me either.”

This time I sat down in the same chair and faced Felicia more directly, trying to seem like I had somehow just magically acquired some new self-confidence. “So, Felicia, I think we got off topic. You didn’t call me in here just to discuss the way you move our money and our furniture around, did you.”

“Um, no. That’s right, Eddie, but before I get into anything delicate, I need to get up and close this door here.” And as she shoved the soundproof door shut, Taisha looked up with a gloomy expression in which I might have caught some combination of jealously and disapproval.

After she sat back down, she leaned forward, and her face took on a slightly friendly tone and her gaze had a slightly masculine brotherliness in it, as if we were buddies about to confide in each other. “So, Eddie, do you ever wonder what me and Bobby Z talk about when we’re not discussing politics and money?”

I scratched the back of my neck and looked down, and my lips scrunched to one side as if I were deliberating some confusing question. A moment later I looked up and said, “You got me on that one. I just have no idea.”

Felicia huffed out a little breath, as if a bit frustrated, and said, “Bobby Z and I are perverts. You see how well we get along? If I disapproved of his private lifestyle, do you think we’d get along so well?”

“Wait,” I said, “so are you saying you and Bobby Z have been lovers all this time? I can’t believe that, because he would have told me that.”

“Right you are, my friend. We talk about sex. I didn’t say that we have sex. We’re both sex addicts, and we compare notes, pass each other leads, keep an eye out for any action in town that the other might want to know about. And then, obviously, we discuss our preferences in detail. We’re best friends that way. It’s not that I’m not attracted to Bobby Z. It’s just that I’m not . . . his type.”

“But Felicia, you’re gorgeous. There’s nothing the matter with the way you look, and you’re obviously very successful and intelligent. What in the world could be the problem?”

“Eddie,” she said slowly, as if delicately unfolding the sentence like an expensive roll of fabric, “Bobby Z has certain . . . needs. Needs that go . . . beyond . . . beyond these regular considerations.”

“I still don’t get it,” I said firmly. “That just seems wrong.”

“No,” she countered, “It’s not wrong, just . . . different. Bobby Z would feel that I’m too . . . assertive, too strong willed, too . . . domineering.”

“You mean he gets off on submissive women?” I said incredulously.

Felicia blinked to indicate in the affirmative, then said, “Well, as you just overheard when I was on the phone, I’m very much . . . domineering. In fact, my needs are the same as his and that makes us incompatible for mating, if I might use such a crude term. We love each other as friends. We lean on each other pretty hard because very few people understand our needs in that very special way, that way where one feels free to say absolutely anything, anything at all about one’s life and fantasies and . . . conquests, if I might use such an indelicate term. And so I feel I am just too . . . too strong for him . . . and so it’s impossible, you see, for us . . . for us to be . . . together in the way that you might imagine. It’s strictly platonic between me and him.”

“Well,” I said, sort of shaking the surprise from my face, “but why would a low-level person like me need to have this kind of information? Like your friend on the phone, I’m afraid I’m prone to be a softball player; but I’m afraid I’m not as good a trainee as he appears to be. He seemed to go along with your plan without too much hand-holding. I think it would take me forever to learn the ways of the leaders around here. So all this talk about dominance and submissiveness and moving money around — it’s all over my head. At best I’m a glorified file clerk, if and when I even show up to work. I’m honored that you would confide in me this way, but just taking in everything Bobby Z has to say almost makes my head explode. Why give me more things to worry about when I’m such a small fish in such a big pond?”

“Think about it Eddie. What would a domineering woman need with a submissive little file clerk boy?”

Startled by this question I replied, “But then you, there in a world full of powerful men, rich men, manly men. Men who are conquering the world — you don’t love them?”

“Why would I, Eddie? Me and men like that would be in each other’s way. In every dance, someone must lead or you just end up stepping all over each other’s toes. I’ve tried dating powerful men before, Eddie, and it’s nonstop arguing. The only way I can even begin to have sex with guys like that is to drink until I’m almost numb and just lay there and let them do me. I mean it’s just not a turn on at all. Oh sure, they could try to be submissive to me just as a favor (and powerful men might enjoy that as a novelty for one night) but me and those men — it’s just a bad fit. So, you see, me and Bobby Z never even asked each other out after we both confessed to each other . . . well, everything. So we help each other in any way we can, but just not in . . . that way.”

“So you think I could help you?”

“Sure, Eddie. I mean, it’s not like you’re an alpha male. And anyway, I’m not the scary type of dominant person. I’m gentle, but firm. I’m not like one of those extreme types you read about. There’s no whips or chains or any of that crazy bondage stuff. I just like to be kind of . . . in charge, really in charge. That’s all. So . . . do you think you could handle that, Eddie. I asked Bobby Z about it, and he said it sounded like a no-brainer.”

“I have a confession to make too,” I said with a sigh. “I think I have a . . . need, one that doesn’t seem to be compatible with . . .”

“Bobby Z already told me,” she interjected. “You’re claustrophobic. It’s not that you don’t love people, it’s just that you can’t love them every day of the week. You’re more the . . . Friday night till Sunday morning type of person.”

“How do you feel about that? Aren’t you looking for true love? — not that I don’t feel true love inside, but just that I need a lot of space in between dates. I think people feel like I’m rejecting them.”

“No, no, Eddie. In that way you and me are totally compatible. Not only do I need a lot of space, but I need a guy on the side for spice. You come and stay from late Friday night to early Sunday morning. We really only spend one full day together, Saturday. And maybe another guy comes over once during the week. That’s about all I can handle. The rest of the time I like to be alone or with my platonic friends, like Bobby Z.”

“But isn’t there a problem with scandal here, a political boss sleeping with a low-level employee?” I inquired.

“Yes,” she replied, “it would be a problem if I were your boss, but Bobby Z is your boss now, and technically I don’t work here anymore. Next week I won’t just be in another office, but technically speaking, I’ll have a different employer, granted that different employer will be cooperating with this office at every turn; but, the company name on my office door will be that of a totally different organization. And thus I’ll have no supervisory role over your work life whatsoever. We will be working for separate employers. Of course I will have a . . . supervisory role over you, but that supervisory role will be a very intimate and personal one, having nothing to do with business or politics, in the formal sense.”

And thus was I again saved from a loveless life of romantic loneliness. And as it turned out, Felicia was a gentle and considerate bedroom supervisor. She made no outrageous demands and, it must be admitted, for an alpha woman with that kind of power, she did spend an inordinate amount of time on her knees. But who was I to judge? Leaders and conquerors have mysterious and contradictory ways. If we love them, we follow them as far as we are able; and I was able to follow her pretty far for the better part of a year, till the time I moved to Northern California. And our parting, even when I moved, was not permanent nor filled with undue sorrow. I did not lean on her too very much after I moved north, but a few times a year, when my desperation got the better of me, Felicia was easily able to arrange to fly up in order to again exercise her management skills around me. Heroes are not averse to performing rescue missions.

*

Christa’s former apartment did not stay empty long. The apartment only needed a day or two of work done on it before it could again be rented out. Christa had left a very slight footprint. Come to think of it, I can’t recall any great relationships or major passions Christa had ever spoken of. She came and went, leaving almost nothing behind but her honesty.

Just inside of the building’s front door, Linda Doll Tanaka’s outline could be seen within a corona of light that formed when the eastern sky sported a sun that lined up perfectly with the full-length glass windows in the front lobby. I winced due to the blinding light. I could not see the details of her face or what she was wearing, other than what she was wearing was form fitting. The contrast between the light behind her and the shadow cast directly in front of her, made her look like a dark figurine.

Her figurine-like body, tall and slender, but completely toned to the point of making her look like she might be trying out for the women’s Olympic triathlon, could have been mistaken for a barbie doll and thus her name seemed prophetic. She was taller than the average Japanese girl, about 5’9”. Her long, black hair was pulled back into a single hair band, making her facial outline look severe. And the hair streaming out behind her hair band almost covered her back like a dark, rich mane. She looked both feminine and ferocious, which was probably why I’d never heard of anyone trying to mug, assault or otherwise harass her. Her stance, formidable and imposing, and her head tilted slightly, as if curious, gave off the impression that she’d probably had a karate class or two and could spring into action at the slightest cue.

It’s an interesting fact that in all the years I knew her, I don’t recall us ever speaking of love, nor do I recall overtly proclaiming my love for her, though indeed I did always have a crush on her. Furthermore, I don’t remember her voicing any complaint about the fact that I never did anything crazy like lunge to kiss her. In fact, I don’t even think I offered to do massage on her, though she would have been a perfect specimen to work on.

The only indisputable evidence of my having romantic feelings for her is that her portrait is the one good portrait I ever painted, and it, like “Éd’s Thought,” is moved from home to home by it’s current owner, who is not Dorothy but a non-artist friend who took a liking to it more than thirty years ago. Just a few paintings, not in my possession, are the only serious evidence that I ever painted at all, unless one counts copies of my artworks which exist in newspapers and magazines, the originals having been lost or disposed of during my many hectic transitional experiences.

There was only one evening, in the whole twenty-five years I had contact with her, that came close to being a romantic one. We had, along with others in this story, coincidentally moved to San Francisco and were living there at the same time. She was in between relationships, a rare thing for a woman her caliber. She was going to Law School in they City at the time and had a whole two-story, two-bedroom flat to herself in a luxurious and upscale area near the border of North Beach and Russian Hill. It was a cold winter night and her fireplace was crackling away gloriously. We’d both had several small glasses of sweet caramel liqueur. She was feeling warm and sweet. I was laying on my side on the big, thick carpet in the living room staring at the fire and enjoying my buzz silently. That was when Linda Doll Tanaka came up behind me and curled her lithe body around me like a cat. And we spooned for a couple of hours peacefully. At that point I made my only move on her, but it was extremely gentle. I didn’t even try to kiss her but only turned to face her, at which point she merely turned the other way and we spooned in the opposite direction. After some time we both got up and made no remark ever about that short interlude which was, in the end, wholesome and platonic. And there was no great disappointment on my part, because my affection toward her was always more friendly than romantic.

Later I found out that she did, in spite of her seemingly fierce independence, like to be chased and pestered, but I only found that out after other men did that and won her heart. But, the reader might ask, wouldn’t a person who had dated around have seen through her veneer of indifference? Well, upon further reflection, perhaps I did, but could not admit it to myself at the time. And I now suspect what the reason was for my double-minded self-deception regarding these things.

Linda was not a heavy girl, but she was almost as tall as me and possibly stronger, given that she worked out hard every day and was all muscle and virtually no fat. And her expression, unless she was trying to make a good impression on friends I was introducing her too, was one of impatience and latent anger. In short, I now speculate my subconscious had made this calculation: What if I went through all types of hoops to finally win her love and, as would not be unthinkable with me, I then realized the whole enterprise was ill-conceived and the match was a bad idea after all? Well, maybe she would simply explode in anger and attack me.

In other words, I think I might have been afraid of her. And in admitting this to myself for the first time just now, I further realize there were other women in my life who I could have gotten way further with, but who I actually rejected because they scared me. This rejection of them was perhaps even covered over by me with a claim that I had been the rejected one. And thus I only got as far with them as convenient and easy moves would take me, figuring that too great a proclamation of love, or too bold of a physical move, could earn me wrath should a resulting affair come to ruin, wrath I was simply too cowardly to face.

And then, if I am to press this honesty with myself further, must I not admit that in addition to the women who scared me because they were physically stronger than me, were there not a dozen more who scared me because they were psychologically crazier than me? Adding all this up, I see that the total number of my cowardice-related retreats from relationships must be said to be substantial.

*

After me and Linda Doll stared at each other in the hallway briefly, we said nothing and walked past each other and went on our separate ways. I was feeling too absent-minded to get up the energy to talk to such a formidable creature, and she was in no hurry to engage a new neighbor in superficial conversation.

As the weeks rolled on, there were three or four other such chance meetings between me and Linda. And one fine day I happened to be less exhausted than usual and she was feeling less impatient than usual; and so at last we formally introduced ourselves. However, the introduction was uneventful and I presumed my new neighbor and I had nothing in common other than living in the same building. In fact, our short discussion was so bland that I basically put Linda out of my mind and didn’t engage in any scheming to get in her good graces. We were, as far as I could see, dissimilar in every detectable way.

There would have been no reason, based on our initial meeting, for her to know much about my inner life,. Furthermore, she would not have imagined, based on that minimalistic communication, that I was a painter, nor would she have cared if she had known that. She herself had little interest in the arts and was not all that fond of creative writing. Her interests were mostly along the lines of practical and financial things. And her taste in men was very non-artsy. Being an energetic and athletic woman, it would have been hard to imagine her wanting to delve deeply into the heavy Russian and French tomes which were practically scripture to me. It would have been hard at that time to imagine what use I could have been to her.

Incidentally, Linda’s mother was a well-known news presenter and she kept the last name of her first husband, a one Howard Albert Doll, because that was the last name she’d had when she’d become a public figure. Hence, when Mr. George Lee Tanaka came along and married  Linda’s mother, and when it was found that the minor celebrity was with child, it was decided that Linda would take Mr. Doll’s name as her middle name and Mr. Tanaka’s name as her last name.

*

One afternoon, a bit to my surprise, Linda stopped me in the hallway and said, “Oh, hey, they tell me you’re the writer around here? Is that true?”

“Sure,” I said, “Never was there a more educated man with less money in this neighborhood, unless there’s a guy with a Master’s degree and a nasty heroin habit.”

She looked at me in a slightly disapproving way as if to indicate that what I said sounded worrisome or, if I were only joking, that such impertinence was not appropriate between strangers. But she recovered quickly and then took on a perfectly studious and earnest expression. “Good, because I’m competing to get into a very important class and you need to do an essay to get in.”

“How long?” I inquired.

“Maybe two-and-a-half pages,” she replied.

I shrugged as if to say, “a piece of cake.”

She then put her bag of books on the ground and said, “If you’re not too busy right now, I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind coming in and giving my first draft a look-over.”

I nodded in agreement since I had no work that day and was not going in to see Bobby Z, nor did I have a date with Felicia.

“Great,” she said, as if she were really a casually friendly person, and unlocked her apartment door and added, “Do you like green tea?”

“Sure. I have it every time my boss takes me out for sushi?”

“You have bosses taking you out for sushi?”

“My life is really complicated. We’ll save that story for another time.”

“Fine, yes, so come on in here,” she said as she swung her door open and swept her arm forward to indicate that I was to follow.

The wording and the thought behind her essay were all completely acceptable but the paper lacked zing. Having done publicity writing for my church at the tender age of seventeen, I was capable of, as they say in the advertising world, “writing copy that packs a punch.”

As I looked the paper over I said, “You know what? It would take a long time to explain what the problem is, so I’ll tell you what would be faster. I got an amazing deal on a hot-shot electric typewriter that’s as good as the one’s executive secretaries use, better in my opinion. I’m going to run upstairs and just type out my version of this thing.”

She nodded in agreement but with a little surprise; and then I added, “Just give me an hour. Then, when I get back, you can study what I wrote. And when you rewrite your essay, you can use as little or as much of my version as you like.”

“But I would hate to put you through all that trouble, I just thought . . .” she said before I interjected. “No, no. It’s not like that. It’s just your lucky day. You can pay me back by making me a little snack with that green tea.”

“Um . . . okay!” she said, realizing that I wasn’t going to agree to anything else anyway.

“Great,” I replied, “see you in an hour.”

*

When I arrived with what I called “the manuscript,” she pored over it in five minutes and exclaimed, “I’ve got it made! Okay, I’ll just change a few things around so it looks a bit more like my writing style, but this is just about perfect. Wow! Okay, time for some tea and finger foods.”

The tea and snacks went on for an hour and turned into sake and snacks. We basically did a three-hour, life-story talk-a-thon, and both of us had a blast in spite of the huge differences in our appearances and backgrounds.

She told me all about her boyfriend, who she said I certainly should meet and really would like. This would have generally depressed me, but I was not, at the moment, as desperate as usual since I had Felicia to fall back on. Felicia, by the way, had made it clear that if I found “something serious” that she would not feel betrayed if I pursued it. And so, no longer feeling like each rejection turned me into a romantic street urchin destined to wander the world without love, I accepted her already-taken status with good cheer. And when she asked me if I was in a relationship, I thought carefully and said, “I’m in . . . an arrangement.”

Upon hearing this, she nodded seriously as if she both understood and also had the tact to not press me as to the exact details of that arrangement.

By the time it was getting late and we both needed to get to bed, she expressed genuine surprise at both liking and admiring me, leaving it unsaid that the word around the neighborhood about me had been less than flattering and that she was pleased that I was apparently not such a reprobate after all. And thus we honestly agreed to get together often, and we followed through on that promise.

*

The inevitable day came when I would run into Linda Doll’s boyfriend at her apartment. He had wandered in through the back entrance and I had not noticed him coming in until he was already upon us. Linda Doll was completely absorbed in her studies at the dining table and I was staring listlessly out of the bay windows from the couch some feet away from her.

When he entered the room, his appearance struck me as almost unreal. He was simply the most handsome and well-sculpted athlete I’d ever seen in person. He wore a pair of gym shorts and a thin football jersey. To say he was a muscle-man would be an understatement. Rather he looked like a parody of a muscle man, the perfection of his form being almost uncanny, as if were what would now be a high-resolution Pixar image of a super-hero. His arms could not properly be put by his sides as his biceps and pectoral muscles were too large to allow that. Like Linda Doll, he did not have an ounce of fat on his body.

As he entered the room he looked forward and saw me for the first time, but his eyes greeted me with no particular hostility or jealousy as though I were an additional plush toy that had been tossed onto the couch. He then turned his head, almost the way the top of a tank rotates without moving the rest of the body of the tank, and  saw Linda Doll at the dining table studying. He looked at her in such a way that acknowledged her existence without exhibiting any particular enthusiasm about it. As if he understood his duties without being told any of them, he waddled over to a chair that was positioned to one side of the couch, dropped himself down in it, tilted his head slightly and said, “So you must be Eddie?”

Because Linda Doll was absorbed in her work, it was evident that if there were to be any conversation to be had, it would have to be between me and him. As it turned out, he was a perfectly articulate and intelligent person with a good enough nature to withstand the ordinary barrage of questions a newcomer might press one with. As it turned out, he was happy being a college athlete, but had no ambitions to become a professional athlete. He was majoring in business and intended to one day be a well-paid MBA consultant. He described no great passions, no profound convictions and held no particular malice toward any particular person or belief system. He was not displeased with his life and had come from a happy and well-adjusted family. He mentioned, only in passing, that he would eventually want children, but then Linda Doll looked up from her textbook briefly with an almost imperceptible glare meant to signify to me, “I never agreed to that.”

Eventually, Linda Doll finished her homework and served us some kind of rudimentary dinner consisting of rice and vegetables, along with the usual green tea. Desert consisted of small Chinese chocolates and sparkling water. The chocolates tasted odd and the water was a bit unfulfilling to me given my over-reliance on rich-tasting beverages. And thus I ate a third of my chocolate and sort of looked at the water with a slight veneer of melancholy. Exhaling a sigh that was so slight a hard-of-hearing person would not have perceived it, he got up with a mild grimace and opened the refrigerator, fetching three beers which he put down in front of each of us with a soft thud, thus indicating as subtly as possible, “Next time serve us something real to drink.” They looked at each other with an understated combination of sexual tension and mild annoyance, but said nothing. He then pulled out his key chain which contained a small bottle opener and popped my beer open, and at that point he almost grinned with an air of graceful superiority. I was thoroughly amused.

He drank his beer quite slowly, but I’d not had enough to eat and was greedy for calories and drank mine more quickly. Seeing that Linda Doll was glancing at her beer with a kind of listless disinterest, I volunteer to relieve her of the drudgery of drinking it, to which she said, “Yes, go ahead. I’m going to make myself some more tea.” The boyfriend shrugged as if, “That’s your loss, not Eddie’s.”

He and I then began a more lively airing of our personal preferences, which cities we liked, which universities we admired and which sports teams we had followed as children. And there was no avoiding the delicate topics of human relationships, general philosophy and religious inclinations. Curiously, in spite of his being a hulking stud who could have run amok in the world if he had wanted to, he turned out to hold a rather stoic view of life, and, much to my surprise, referenced Seneca and Marcus Aurelius. (I chimed in with some observations about Epictetus.) He confessed of not being a religious man nor a dogged Atheist, but more of a lite-handed Agnostic who put some spiritual value on discipline and emotional balance. Linda Doll looked the other way as if the briskness and friendliness of the conversation was tiresome to her. I could not tell whether that was because they needed to be alone to have hot sex or because she saw some attitudinal similarities between me and her boyfriend with which she was not thrilled. In any case, I excused myself; and the how the rest of their evening went, I could not have even guessed.

*

Linda Doll was one of the first women I had a crush on who, while being almost completely platonic with me, could enjoy being silently admired. And she was one of the first women with whom I could spend a lot of quiet time. When we met, she had been naturally studious and quiet, while I had usually been, as I am now, a manic, loud, voluminous talker. But surprisingly, I rather adapted to her style of hanging out. And thus we very much enjoyed passing evenings studying together, her leafing through worldly textbooks and energetically taking notes as I waded my way through assorted philosophical and theological works (along with snooty classic novels recommended by my former professors, and other academics, based on their ethical and existential import).

We would both sometimes try to summarize to each other what we were studying, but we both found each other’s studies to be dull. What we really liked was just being together and doing our own separate work (not that many people took my activities seriously enough to call what I did work) and just enjoying the vibe in the room. But it went without saying that I would occasionally interrupt our quiet time to cross-examine her with questions about how she perceived things; and she tolerated these interruptions in her studies as long as they were not too frequent and not too lengthy.

It was probably a very fortunate thing that Linda Doll was not very attracted to me physically, given that we had ended up friends based on random chance and therefore had no shared social circles. We didn’t have too much more in common than general civility and convenient proximity. Even a casual glance at her face and then a casual glance at my face would reveal two minds that apparently never focused on the same thing in the same way 

Linda occasionally attempted to venture into the core of my world, but the results were uninspiring. In one attempt at bridging the gap between our worlds, she enthusiastically agreed to read my first collection of poetry, an odd work called “The Confessions of A Creeping Socialist,” a work she not only never got around to reading, but which she actually used on a cold winter night as fire kindling. Note: Before inviting a poet over for dinner, make sure you have fully burned his or her manuscript before they arrive as it is awkward if the poet finds half-burned pages of their work in a friend’s fireplace.

*

One evening I was growing rather impatient with the fact that Linda seemed to just take for granted that someone as good-looking as her should have the amazing fortune of meeting someone just as good looking, her and her boyfriend together looking like something that ought to be the object of the paparazzi.

I had been the platonic confidant of many women, and the general narration of their love lives fell along two main lines: Either the man was not good enough looking and the woman worried that she might not be able to carry on for much longer or the man was very handsome and the sex was “out of this world.” In one case the woman being in a general state of worried indecision and in the other being in continual raptures. Hence I was becoming rather disappointed at the lack of reporting, so to speak, on such a remarkable matter. Curiously, as well-mannered and cultivated as Linda Doll was, she never took offense at my inappropriately-prying insistence on knowing precisely her opinion on the most personal matters.

I looked up from my book and said, “I don’t get it.”

She looked up and said, “Don’t get what?”

“Well, you know, I’ve struggled in my romantic life and always felt mismatched.”

“What do you mean by mismatched?”

“You know, either I don’t make enough money or the woman thinks I’m not masculine enough, or maybe I think the woman is even crazier than I am and I flee the whole arrangement.”

“So?”

“Well, it’s unusual. There you and your boyfriend are, both great students with great futures, neither of you doing anything crazy, both in perfect health and both with the bodies of supermodels?”

She tilted her head to the side and squinted her eyes a bit and thought about the question for a moment, then she replied, “I never thought of the situation that way. Maybe you’re exaggerating about our appearance.”

“No, I’m not. Trust me on that one.”

“Okay, but even if what you say is true, I still don’t understand what you’re getting at.”

“Well, I mean, wouldn’t the sex be totally steaming hot? The few couples I knew in the same position were raving like they were living in a porn movie.”

“Really? Hmm, that’s fascinating.”

“Then what’s your reaction to the whole situation?” I further inquired.

She turned away from me for a moment and knitted her brows a little, mulling over the whole issue in her mind. Her face assumed it’s classic look of mild irritation and slight impatience. Then she looked down at the table and said firmly and resolutely, “Sex is a lot of work!”

*

I was awakened from my afternoon nap by the telephone. It was Bobby Z. “I need you down here right now.”

My voice was horse from the cyclobenzaprine I was taking. It’s a drug people aren’t supposed to take for more than a few weeks due to the severity of the side-effects. But my case of fibromyalgia was so extreme that if I stopped taking it altogether, I simply started to fall apart.

“It will take me about fifteen minutes to pull m myself together and get to the bus stop.”

“Fine, we’ll see you when you get here.”
“We?”

“Yes, but hurry.” Said Bobby Z.

“Okay,” I replied as I hung up the phone and rushed about trying to make myself presentable.

*

I rushed over to Bobby Z’s building to see him and an extremely well-dressed gentleman sitting behind the thick, almost-soundproof, glass wall of the manger’s office. It turned out they were listening to some music. I burst into the room in a huff, my heart pounding slightly. A wall of sound rushed all around us. They were playing a recording of Brahms’ 4th Symphony, a work generally too subtle for a person of my crass tastes. However, the sound was amazing. It was as if the orchestra musicians were siting all around us in the room, playing live just for us.

“Whoa!” I said to Bobby Z as I gazed around in wonder. “What is it?”

“That’s Brahms’ 4th, a symphonic miracle,” replied Bobby Z.

After about thirty seconds, the impressive gentleman glanced ever-so-slightly at his stunning watch, a watch which somehow managed to look more classy than Bobby Z’s Rolex. Bobby Z, picking up on this clue, turned the music down and said, “Our friend here has to go. He’s off to meet the Mayor of Los Angeles, but he did us the kindness of stopping by before the press conference.”

“Press conference?” I inquired.

“Yes,” replied Bobby Z. And with a formal gesture of his arm, he added, “Eddie Smith, meet His Excellency, The Grand Duke of Luxembourg. Your excellency — Eddie Smith.”

The Grand Duke stood up and made an imperceptibly small bow and then extended a perfectly manicured hand without a wrinkle or freckle on it. I shook the hand briefly and turned bright red, not knowing if I should bow or say something regal. And The Grand Duke, being a very gracious person said, with a genuine and reassuring half-smile, “The pleasure is all mine. And might I ask what you do for this organization, Mr. Smith?”

I began to panic a little and Bobby Z interjected, “Your Excellency, Mr. Smith is one of my strategic advisors.”

A look of pleasant surprise came over The Grand Duke’s face and he further inquired, “And what is your field of strategic interest?”

With a sudden burst of inspiration I replied, “I keep him appraised of what the simple people think. In the circles you people run in, one could forget the needs of the common folk, and I, you see . . . I am a real . . . what they might call in Europe . . . a real peasant.”

Bobby Z and the Grand Duke broke into laughter and seemed quite pleased at this response. The Grand Duke then said, “In our country, we would not quite call them peasants. One runs the danger of being called indelicate in our society when using such a term. However, we have some people who . . . yes, still some people who live very . . . rustically. And we, in fact, could probably use a little strategic advising as to their unique conditions, as we hope to do everything to . . . help . . . help all of our unique citizens remain prosperous and healthy.”

Bobby Z reached out and and shook The Grand Duke’s hand more firmly and confidently than I had and said, “We know your schedule is tight, so we won’t detain you any longer.”

The Grand Duke turned toward me and said as diplomatically as he could, “I’m quite sorry, Mr. Smith, that I shall not have time to meet with you when I’m back in my home country. Once I’m home the pressures . . . well, it would be almost impossible to explain. However, I should like to present you with this.”

He then pulled a credit card out of his pocked and said, “Unfortunately, the money on this debit card can only be spent on travel to, and accommodations in, Luxembourg City, our capital. But the $5,000 on this card should pay a good portion of your expenses when you come to see our nation. It’s a small place, but perhaps one of the finest places in this world. I regret we can’t do more for you at this time, but I have a fiscal responsibility to my people.”

I slipped the card nervously into a pocket and mumbled, “Your Excellency, I don’t know what to say . . . I just have never . . .”

The Grand Duke help up his hand as if to say no thanks were even necessary. He then turned and gave a wide grin to Bobby Z and then added, “If you gentlemen will excuse me. I believe my car will be arriving to pick me up presently.”

At that instant several husky men in dark suits marched in, as if on cue, and escorted The Grand Duke to his car.

As he left, Bobby Z turned to me and said, “That man is not worth millions of dollars. He’s worth billions of dollars. He may be the single wealthiest royal personage in the world.”

“How?” I asked in astonishment.
“Steel mining, currency printing, legal services and tourism — and banking, especially the banking.”

“Banking of the sort Felicia sometimes talks about after she’s had a few drinks?”

“Yeah, probably a lot of that kind of banking, and accounting  — very, very advanced accounting.”

“Does the US Government know about that?”

“Oh yeah, they know all about it.”

“What does the Luxembourg government say about that?”

“They promise to clean things up.”

“Will they ever do that?”

Bobby Z patted my shoulder and chuckled and said, “I can’t imagine what kind of miracle that would take.”

I nodded to indicate that I thought I understood and then added, “Can you spot for lunch today? I can’t use this credit card till I go on vacation.”

“Don’t worry about that, my friend,” assured Bobby Z. “The Grand Duke already spotted me for our lunch, and he said to pick any place you want to go. Money really will be no object, but you’ll have to put together a better outfit, like maybe the clothes you wear to job interviews.”

“I can do that,” I said. Let’s eat at that place in Malibu. I’d like to get a window seat. We could cop a vodka buzz and watch the bikini girls go by.”

*

Linda Doll and I had both decided to move to San Francisco several months later for totally unrelated reasons. I was moving there to “start my career as a poet,” and she was going there for graduate school. As I seem to remember, I moved there first and was later informed by postcard that she would soon be arriving there to go to law school. But before I moved to San Francisco, me and Linda Doll got preoccupied with different things.

Linda began taking more units than usual and had also taken a part-time job; and so we barely communicated. We were practically never in the building at the same time. And thus it was not till after we both settled in San Francisco that our friendship resumed its old pattern, she again as a student, me again as the still barely-employable philosopher.

Meanwhile, I fell in love with another neighbor who lived in a strange annex of the Santa Monica apartment building that had a kind of gloomy, underground look to it. (This was a one-sided crush and never resulted in a true dating situation). My muse in the annex never returned my affections, but she would be my last love interest in that three-year period in Santa Monica. And she too would move to San Francisco where we would also resume our platonic friendship.

After I moved to the Bay Area, almost half of my most important friends were living in the Bay Area, or had intermittent work there. Furthermore, some San Franciscans I knew were forced to move to Southern California for an assortment of reasons. And so it was that my Southern California life and my Northern California life seemed to almost merge. As I fluttered back and forth, it was like Los Angeles and San Francisco became one city with an invisible thread connecting them. At one point, it became hard to say where I really lived were it not for the fact that there was only one place I had to pay rent to, the other several places functioning like unofficial second, third and fourth homes. (A certain percent of the year was also spent abroad due to other arrangements too complicated to go into here.)

*

I had a last chance to visit Linda Doll in Santa Monica just shortly before I moved to San Francisco. I mentioned to her that not only did one hardly ever see her around the building, but one never saw her boyfriend at all; and so I rather missed him and inquired as to how he was doing.

“Oh, he’s doing great. He’s about to graduate with honors and already has a good job lined up. I think his future is all set.”

“Great! Glad to hear he’s on the glide-path to success.”

“Yes, and he and his new girlfriend are doing really well too. I wouldn’t be surprised if they get engaged in a year.”

“He and his new girlfriend? You mean he’s abandoned you for someone else.”

“No, we just broke up.”

“Well, that’s a pretty big deal. How are you taking it?”

“I don’t know. I don’t really think about it much. We’re friends. He calls every week to check in on me. I’m glad he’s happy.”

“I mean, was there some kind of big fight or some huge disagreement between you two? I’m kind of in shock to hear you broke up.”

“Not that I remember. But why are you making such a big deal out of this? We just weren’t in love anymore. People change.”

*

An opening in my schedule came up before I moved. I was between temp jobs and didn’t have any major medical appointments, so me and Bobby Z used that time to take off for Luxembourg City. It was one of my favorite vacations ever, but there was not much to say about Luxembourg City itself. It was almost like a fairyland invented by an idealist who had merged all of the best of the ancient world with all of the sophistication of the modern world and set his creation in a lush, hilly wonderland. Although I’ve written extensive travel diaries, I’ve not written much about Luxembourg City itself because there is not much to say about perfect places. There were, however, imperfect people there, myself being one of those imperfect people; and regarding them, I have a few things to say.

*

There was one curious instance where I left my hotel room to go knock on Bobby Z’s door only to find it open already. I stepped in and there stood Bobby Z with two women who were dressed in outfits that are typical of European prostitutes.

“Good,” said Bobby Z, “I’m glad you’re here. We were just about to ring your room and call you over.”

My eyes bulged out as the two women giggled and smiled at me; and sensing my lack of experience in such matters, they leered at me in a teasing way in order to get me to blush.

I turned to Bobby Z and said, “Where the heck did these ladies come from?”

“You could say our friends in the royal family heard we were coming and wanted to make sure we weren’t lonely. They also send their regrets that they are unable to, as they say, ‘convene with us at this time,’” replied Bobby Z. “Anyway, this amazing blond-haired, blue-eyed wonder is my date tonight. Her name is Canestina. Canestina — Eddie. Eddie — Canestina.”

Cansetina stretched out her silky hand with metallic gold nails. I shook it nervously and let go of it quickly. She smiled at me and said, “In our country, it’s polite to kiss a woman’s hand when you are first introduced to her.”

I had no idea what to say. As for her appearance: She had a kind of halter top with a lacy undergarment beneath that. She wore black tights and delicate sandals that exposed her perfectly manicured toenails.

As I turned my gaze toward the other woman, Bobby Z said, “This is your date tonight. When Americans are in town to visit her, she goes by the name of Wendy.” Seeing I was looking nervous,” Bobby Z added, “They’re technically just escorts. Many upscale people just like to hang out with them and talk, and so there’s no obligation to do anything physical with them.”

Wendy interjected, “But Eddie, I do hope you do something physical with me. Bobby Z has told us all about you. I think your little story is just charming. You deserve to have more good memories.”

Wendy was almost as tall as I was. Her hair was mid-length and auburn. Her eyes were green with little gold flecks in them. She was wearing high cut-offs and the perfection of her thighs was breathtaking. Not knowing what to say, I ventured, “So you must work out a lot?”

“Eddie,” she said with an ingratiating smile, “I work out very, very hard. And I should be so very happy if you would do some exercises with me tonight. Won’t you dear?” And with that she moved to my side and slipped her hand around my rather unimpressive bicep as if I were expected to escort her on a walk.

“Whew!” I said. “Okay, so are we going out to dinner first or just for a walk around town?”

Bobby Z smiled, “You and Wendy will be spending the rest of the night in your room. Our royal friends have arranged for us to have unlimited room service all night, so the drinks and dinner are on the house.”

*

As me and Wendy walked down the long hallways to my room on the other side of the hotel, I suddenly felt very chatty and we familiarized each other a bit with the most basic elements of our life stories. Somehow losing sight of what her regular job was, I begun to get a schoolboy crush on her. Her specialty seemed to be eye contact and verbal reassurance.

When we got to my room, there was already champagne at the bar and hors d’oeuvres on the dining table. Glad at first for what I thought would be a fortuitous distraction, I poured us both some champagne. But I was getting a bit dizzy, a problem I have when a crush overtakes me unexpectedly. After a few sips of the champagne, I went over to the bed and sat on the edge of it to make sure I didn’t faint. Now I was totally tongue tied and put my hand on my forehead.

“What’s the matter, Eddie? You look sick,” she said with a maternal tone that comforted me in my childish suffering. And while I felt consoled by the look of care and tenderness on her face, I noticed that my heart began palpitating uncontrollably. I’d been made fun of before on other dates when this happened to me, and so the whole thing made me self-conscious.

“You know what?” I said.

“What, Eddie?” replied Wendy.

“I am sick, but you know what’s embarrassing about it?”

“No, I don’t know; but you can tell me. It’s all confidential.”

“I’m lovesick. Isn’t that just stupid. Now I’m a bit of a trembling wreck.”

Upon hearing this, Wendy pushed me over gently so that I was laying prone on the bed. She knelt next to me and brushed her hand against my sweaty forehead. She looked down at me as if she were a kindly nurse examining a troubled patient. Her green eyes seemed to grow larger as she took a moment to take in the whole scene.

She said, “Oh, my God, Eddie. You’re like a little boy. You are so cute. Maybe I have just a little crush on you too, but not too much, you know. I cannot fall in love the way a person like you does. It would not be proper in my line of work.”

“Yeah, I understand,” I said, “I just think I have some kind of emotional problem.”

“Yes, Eddie. This is a problem I know very well. You don’t need to do anything right now, okay. Please, let me just take care of everything. Don’t speak. Don’t even try to touch me. Don’t move. I will take off all your clothes and give you a sponge bath on the bed. Then I will dry you off and give you an oil massage. Bobby Z told us how you like oil massages. Isn’t that right, Eddie?”

I nodded and turned my head toward the wall shyly as she turned the lights to a lower setting. She did not bother to take off her clothing, but she slowly removed all of mine and just let me be a spoiled baby as the warm towels slid over every inch of me. When she dried me off I was feeling a little less shaky, though my heart was still pounding a little too quickly for me. Then, suddenly, the most stiff and spontaneous erection I’d had in years came roaring out of me.

Wendy looked down and said, “Oh yes, very good. You are very, very good boy, Eddie, and now it’s time for your oil treatment. The treatment is very slow and very firm. You are to take deep breaths, Eddie. It will take a while for you to feel fully fulfilled. I want you to come very, very hard for me. Do you understand, Eddie?”

As fate would have it, Wendy was so inspired by my conscientious compliance to her every instruction that she was moved to remove her own clothing and resumed that fantastic stare with her gleaming green eyes. It turned out that she also came very, very hard, and several times at that.

Before she left to go back to her own apartment, we cuddled for a couple of hours and talked for a while.

“Eddie,” she said, “You are a very good American. You have represented your country well. We have had truly international fucking.”

When I saw her to the door, she kissed me softly, but dis-passionately, and added, “I must work a few days a year in New York. You will try to come once a year and meet me there?”

“Yes,” I agreed, “I’ll ask Bobby Z for some help with the airline ticket.”

“That is good. But do not get any crazy ideas about me. We must try to be a little professional, don’t you agree?” she said

I nodded in agreement and she added, “Whenever you are unhappy, just remember, it will not be so long before we make each other come very, very hard again. Many times, Eddie.”

And with that, she gently pulled the door and it clicked softly shut behind her. I laid in my bed and looked out of the panoramic windows over the lights of Luxembourg City. In the distance one saw traffic coming and going out of France, as delivery men made their eternal rounds, supplying the royal family and all their subjects with high-quality goods bought from the proceeds of extremely creative banking and accounting techniques along with the income from the world’s largest, high-quality steel mill.

*

Linda Doll and I drifted apart in the most natural way possible, and thus I don’t even recall a single disagreement of any consequence between us. We were both just very busy people who lived very different lives. And though we didn’t fully lose contact for some twenty-five years, we faded from each other’s lives, drifting apart so gradually that I couldn’t have even told you when we became more distant. There was no big turning point, though our lifestyle differences kept steadily growing.

Once in San Francisco, I entered fully into the life of a circuit poet, going from venue to venue reading my works to any and all who would listen. At this time I reduced the amount of clerical work I did and slowly gravitated toward working for security agencies. Instead of having an agent that found me clerical jobs, I now had an agent that found me security guard posts, some posts lasting as little as four hours and others lasting as long as four years. My social life went from a rather barren sort of thing to one crowded with wall-to-wall people. (I could work full time for the first time in years because some guard posts were night shift jobs and involved almost no work. This paid study time could be used to absorb huge sections of the canon of classic literature. I called these jobs “private enterprise welfare,” and found I could use these work hours to write more poems per year than I had written in a lifetime before that.) Productivity and popularity ensued, and with it, a goodly portion of sex and love and everything in between.

Meanwhile, Linda Doll was busy being courted by a man whom I totally disapproved of (although I never voiced this disapproval). The only man I’d ever seen her with before was her Santa Monica boyfriend who was a model of easy self-confidence. He never once groveled before his mate in the way most men do after years of dating or marriage. But now Linda was being courted by the most nervous and insecure person on earth (a title I’d mistakenly thought was reserved for me). His level of trembling deference and obsequious pandering were such that I was too embarrassed to even watch him for long and made lame excuses for having to leave early instead of socializing with them all evening.

Sometimes Linda Doll’s new boyfriend had to work out of town, and it was during those times that I would spend evenings alone with her talking about her future and my schemes. It turned out that she now not only wanted marriage, but wanted a child, a goal she shared with her new lover who struck me as something akin to a fumbling, slapstick actor trying to impress a deeply serious, blue blooded heiress. Furthermore, I thought, quite privately, “If you had been into insecure men all this time, you should have just went for me when I lived in Santa Monica.”

The relationship between Linda Doll and her love went on its stormy way for years with him fleeing the relationship under the pretext  that a series of job transfers left him no choice but to move to other cities and states. Linda, of course, saw through this and kept demanding that he get a grip on himself and finally commit to settling down. It was during some of these separations between her and her future husband that I, if I was experiencing a temporary romantic drought, would seek out the safe and comfortable and sensible companionship of Linda Doll.

And these sporadic and widely-spaced visits were sometimes, even if not very physical, the warmest and most easy times I’d ever spent with Linda Doll. In fact, at one point there was almost no gender-related tension between us and we somehow bonded in a way that I am at a loss to describe, even though our get-togethers were few and far between. (Sometimes I would just show up at her door and knock without even calling first. And sometimes, it being inappropriately late for a normal person, she’d answer the door in her pajamas and sweetly let me in, serving me some thrown-together meal of beer and crackers.)

Once every few months I’d fall asleep on her couch and wake up to the sunlight streaming into her living room. On just such a day, I said to her, “This may seem weird, but would you like to meet my half-sister and my brother-in-law. They like to come to San Francisco, and so whenever they show up here, I go out to lunch with them.” She agreed nonchalantly.

My half-sister and brother-in-law were quite successful at the time, and, coincidentally, lived in Malibu. As a result, money was no object when going out to eat, and so I was supposed to meet them at one of those tower-top restaurants one finds in large cities. I assured Linda Doll that no cost would be involved and that my bringing an extra guest would be perfectly delightful for this little fragment of my almost-nonexistent family. I was 100% confident that our meal would be wholly subsidized and that Linda’s presence would be a relief, since it would allow conversation to revolve around normal things instead of the freakish adventures of an underground poet and his associations with the most edgy elements of society. And not only did my predictions turn out to be true, but after our lunch I received a follow up call from my brother-in-law remarking on what a pleasant person Linda Doll was. (Had I been able to permanently bond with a person of such class and distinction as Linda Doll, it almost goes without saying that all branches of my sprawling extended families would have held out hope for me. But they drifted away (with some fleeing me outrightly) when, in multiple cities, states and countries, my sex-and-drug-and-blasphemy poems seemed to circulate nonstop while my taste in women became more unsettling.)

Inevitably Linda Doll’s nervous suitor found his way back home to her and they married, produced a child, and both went on to have stellar working careers, both earning six-figure salaries simultaneously. Their success caused them to spend years in New York at the very center of high finance and then years in the Bay Area at the very center of the dot-com boom and the tech revolution. Every few years one of us would email the other to see how it was going, but there was not too much to say as we might as well have been living on different planets. At last, with she and I not having any common topics of conversation to deliberate over, the tenuous threads of communication between Linda Doll and I completely unraveled. Even so, I haven’t had a single feeling of regret about having met Linda Doll Tanaka. The pleasure of knowing her was, as they say, all mine.

*

The future in San Francisco was still a little ways off, but the universe had begun calling me away from Santa Monica in not so subtle terms. Christa, upon departing my world, spoke to me directly about her issues with Santa Monica and had made it clear that I ought to get out of there. But inertia is strong; and so without a more urgent push from some other outside source, it was unlikely that I’d be able to pry myself from my default behaviors. Enter again that agent of fate Maddy Tradden. I had not heard from in a while but he had been, in that interval, growing steadily wealthier and pushier.

He called insisting on a complete rundown of each of my activities and social contacts. He furthermore demanded that I give a thorough assessment of exactly where each of these activities and associations would lead me.

I anxiously tried to appease him by painting my rather circular existence as making some kind of progress, but he completely saw through all of that and said, “Eddie, that’s bullshit! You’ve got to get out of there. Santa Monica is rotting your brain. I’ll be moving one of my businesses up to Northern California. I’ve got some seed money and I’m going to get in on the heart of the biotech revolution. It’s time I became a real CEO with my very own startup. This time it’s serious. And you? You need to get away from these airheads and trust-fund babies and grifters and start in on some kind of real life. You’ll be thirty before you know it. That’s only a couple years away. What’s your plan?”

I again reviewed my social and vocational activities. Trying desperately to create some semblance of order from the hodgepodge of relationships and artistic gambits that had gone on for well over two years, I found myself unable to articulate a clear defense of myself. The strange temp jobs, the murky political activities, the emptiness of my family life and the string of restless, noncommittal romances — it all came off sounding hollow to the self-appointed prosecutor on the other end of the line. There was no way to sell him on the idea that my existence was valid.

“No, no,” interjected Maddy Tradden, “you’re floundering. This is pathetic. You know, I told my dad your whole life story last weekend and he found it all to be utterly unacceptable. He said you’re wasting your life, Eddie! So listen: If you’re not going to study science or math or business or anything real, then you need to move to the Bay Area where there’s a real poetry scene. And if you’re going to be too lame to ever support a car, then you need to get to San Francisco where there’s a real transit system. By the way, I just read your book, ‘Confessions of A Creeping Socialist.’ Of course it’s all garbage, but here’s the thing: I know Berkeley and Oakland and all those places up there. They fall for this kind of claptrap. If you’re going to be totally useless, at least you should be popular; and if you’re going to be unemployable, at least you should have a subway to ride instead of a rattling, old city bus. You don’t see it, Eddie, but you’re wilting. You need real intellectual stimulation. You need to live in a really real city. Santa Monica and Los Angeles are over their prime. The place has become sprawling and ugly and boring. So here’s the deal: I’ll be renting a place up there with my girlfriend. You can sleep on our couch till you find some landlord willing to rent to you. I’m giving you six months to pull it together. If I have to send a truck to come and get you and your stuff out of there, I’ll do it. Call me in September whether you’ve made arrangements or not.”

Attempting to respond to this latest barrage, I started to try to make some feeble objection, but Maddy Tradden had already hung up the phone. Sighing heavily, I set the phone down gently and went out to sit on the porch. After that I went for a walk. The sun was going down, but tonight the sunset provided no consolation. Maddy Traden was a monster, but the gods do not always send truth through flattering, diplomatic messengers. (See the Old Testament prophets for more information on this.) And so, of course, I concluded he was right about moving up north. I felt the whole sky pressing upon me, as if it were saying, “You know it’s true. Your mission in Santa Monica is ending. You have to move!”

*

The next day I made a kind of pact with the universe and decided: There is only one last woman I have a crush on in Santa Monica. Once I’m sure it won’t work out between her and me, I’ll call Maddy Tradden and tell him to expect me at his new place. (By the way, in addition to providing the truck and the couch to facilitate my move, Maddy Tradden later provided me with one of his ex-girlfriends, declaring to both of us in a three-way call, “I’m tired of watching you two pine away for months on end. Let’s face it, you’ve both hit a dry spell. You can’t just be going on for months without sex!” And thus did me and Maddy Tradden’s ex-girlfriend immediately, upon his orders, start a sexual relationship. It only lasted about twelve weeks, but that was just long enough for us to transition to more compatible people; and no two people were ever less compatible than me and Maddy Tradden’s ex-girlfriend.)

*

On the bottom floor of the annex of the Santa Monica apartment building I lived in, in an area just below the sidewalk which amounted to a kind of half-basement, was a suspicious two-bedroom apartment next to the laundry room. It was occupied by two extremely odd people. The portion of the annex in question lacked what sometimes passed for the half-charm of some Santa Monica apartment buildings of that era. Our landlord, a right-wing conservative and a Vietnam veteran with PTSD, lived above them in a kind of one-and-a-half-story row of apartments. The residents of that two-bedroom unit in that semi-basement came off as normal in the beginning, but as time rolled on it came out that they were orthodox Leninists who dreamed of a Marxist revolution coming to America soon, daring even to hope that it would start in Santa Monica. It’s hard to imagine anything more awkward than a person with battlefield trauma from fighting Communists managing an apartment building with a Revolutionary Leninist cell located beneath him.

This bastion of Communism consisted of an unemployable, thin, white man with a massive red afro of the sort one saw in 1970s Los Angles but not in 1980s Santa Monica. Of the two, he was the more intellectual one, continually steeping himself in the study of various schools of Marxism, making sure he and his small study group did not veer into Stalinist or Maoist heresy. He was also vigilant in his efforts to avoid the dreaded Democratic Socialism, an ideology which tolerated such things as elections, private property and compromise with the wealthy. (Had he known that I used to be a Maoist who was now a hack for the Democratic Party, he would have been livid. My true position on the political spectrum might have been nearer to that of Bernie Sanders who, at that time, was just the mayor of Butlington, Vermont. In any case, he gave no quarter to “sellouts” like that.)

The female roommate was more of a follower than a leader, and she looked up to her Leninist teacher while at the same time expressing no romantic interest in him whatsoever. She was far less studious than he, but what her Marxism lacked in intellectual rigor was made up for in her emotional enthusiasm for Revolutionary Socialism. (Nothing bored her more than my long soliloquies on the sacredness of voting and the peaceful transition of power.) The thin man with the afro seemed to genuinely be okay with not having physical relations with his female roommate, but I, upon first meeting them, was set aflame with lust for her. (A punctilious Marxist theoretician might very well speculate that romantic love is really just a degraded form of capitalist consumerism, and I, for one, am not sure I would disagree with that assessment. But such considerations never stopped me from wasting years of my life chasing what amounted to bits of puffy cloud drifting over the shoreline.)

Having had a tiny bit of self-confidence instilled into me by having part-time recourse to Felicia, I, per her instructions, decided to investigate the female roommate more fully as I’d entertained the delusional fantasy of having “something serious” with her. She right away indicated that I was probably not her type, but could not say definitively that there was no hope at all regarding the situation. As is now typical of what are called “creepy old men,” and as was also typical of me back when I was young, I suggested that my full scope of massage and healing skills might help clarify the matter for her. (I must stop a moment and reverently thank Rabbeckah for her aid in creating such a tool kit for me to make use of at times of uncertainty.) The female roommate was completely amenable to this as she was the achy sort who had plenty of headaches, back aches and random pains that seemed to be strewn about her body.

I did not move too quickly to further the physical relationship beyond my massage fetish, partly because Felicia kept me from headlong desperation. For a long while, I rather forgot the goal of sex with the Marxist woman and enjoyed just spending whole nights cuddling, massaging and otherwise spoiling this new woman in my life, finding myself leaving her place early in the morning feeling fairly fulfilled. Our conversation was open and enjoyable and charmed. And while we disagreed on almost everything, both of us shared a kind of humorous amusement regarding our incompatibility and thus were in no hurry to resolve anything, either in the realm of sex or politics, proving that bipartisanship is sometimes real.

Her real name was Tabatha, but I would not settle for using it and called her “Red.” (Many a friend of mine is continually frustrated when I will not use their first name or their real name, opting to call them by their last name only, or by a name I make up from whole cloth.) And so, since the silliest of all Maoist fiction books is the ballet-turned-film called “Red Detachment of Women,” I opted to name my new muse after that. Her roommate who despised Maoism was nonetheless in raptures when I “discovered” this nomenclature, and thus my new muse was stuck with the shortened name “Red,” even though she was blond. (In one-on-one situations, feminist women will generally become murderous around a man who mocks them openly, but they’re afraid to show their true vanity when others are watching, thus her roommate opting to call her “Red” too left her no option but to force herself to pretend to accept her new name graciously.) By the way, when I was feeling really romantic toward her, even if she wouldn’t even kiss me, I’d use her “whole” new name, saying things like, “Red Detachment of Women, when will you ever realize I’m the one?”

Me and Red did all the things I love to do. We wandered Southern California for days on end, me mooching food and caffeine and booze continually. And we made stops in temples and churches and every sort of religious edifice, after which I always made my pitch for some kind of spirituality or another, after which she more or less confessed that sex and money was the final King of King and Lord of Lords. How and why this might have contradicted many forms of socialist dogma was not a concern for her. And it did no good for me to attempt to point this out with philosophical reasoning. In fact, in order to stop my philosophizing, she would sometimes stop me mid-sentence and say, “Kiss me,” realizing that I would somehow know to shut up afterward. Such kisses were not followed up in any such way as to make me think a true love affair was in the offing, but still, they were a handy debate-ender.

After some period of time the Leninist teacher ceased being her roommate, ostensibly fed up with her doctrinal irregularities and her slow slide toward bourgeois complacency and self-indulgence. And indeed the charges against Red were true on both counts, but unlike him, I didn’t care. After he left and we had her whole apartment to ourselves anytime we liked, Red would raise an index finger and say, “No sex!” — and then strip naked revealing a body too perfectly proportioned to even seem real, a flesh so marble-like as to seem to be glowing from the inside.

Because I was already getting at least some sex, I decided to return to my old massage-based sexuality and just enjoy rubbing oil on her from the tips of her toes to the crown of her skull, tracing with my hands the precisely perfect lines her legs and back and buttocks formed. And this went on for months until she moved down to La Jolla and began to make truly serious arrangements for herself. She had graduated from college and seemed to be feeling less Marxist all the time. Massage and Leninism had been good enough for a while, but now it was time for her to get back into the real world, and that she did with a vengeance.

She later moved down to Laguna Beach, and it was hard for me to get there; and so our contact faded away and she began dating serious men with serious ambition. She suddenly remembered that she had been from a prosperous family and was expected to make something substantial of herself, not substantial academically, but financially and socially. Not realizing that she had picked her man and intended to stick to her choice, I finally made my way down to Laguna for a visit, hoping desperately to use the opportunity to win Red over. (Much to her irritation, after I left that day, her new boyfriend found out from her roommate about her nickname, “Red,” and used it remorselessly.)

*

When I arrived at Red’s luxurious and spacious new apartment, she saw the look on my face and realized we needed to have a talk. It turned out she could not longer let me pamper her naked body for hours on end. She was in a committed relationship now with a real-worlder. It was time to think about houses and cars and career advancement. Polyamorous massage boys and Communist dreamers — that was all a thing of the past. It was time to grow up, at least for her. In my sadness, I inquired where her Leninist friend had been, and she replied that she didn’t even know. Adding, “I wish him well, wherever he is.”

I was overwhelmed with sadness, as Red predicted I would be, due to my persistent fantasies of us being “the great love” of each other’s lives. I sobbed right in front of her. But she handled the situation well, and, in fact, happened to have a consolation prize on hand, a nubile 18-year-old virgin who had just gone to the doctor and gotten checked out in all ways female, and then, the runway being clear, as it were, got a prescription for the pill. As fate had it, she was on the prowl that night and was preparing to go out with no less of an intention than dragging a suitable man home and insisting that he instruct her in all things carnal. Hence, she was pacing back and forth in a pair of red panties and a fantastically-ornate corset. Her breasts were pushed upward and her waist was pressed inward. She had a big head of red hair and she was continually going from her bathroom to Red’s in order to use the best of the makeup, eyeliner, powder, perfume and accessories in the house.

To my amazement, Red said, “You know, my roommate is a virgin and just got on the pill. I told her about you when we first moved in together and she thought you sounded just delightful. So while you were in the bathroom, she told me she would be just fine with not even bothering to go out tonight. I know you’re heartbroken about me and my new boyfriend, but, if you could swing it, we could really use your help here.”

At that cue, the young woman grabbed my hand and all but dragged me to her bed. But alas, I was too heartbroken to attempt sex. Had it been a week earlier or a week later, the idea of helping out this simply amazing young person would have seemed absolutely wonderful to me. As it stood, it was physically impossible for me to switch gears in a half hour from losing my “one true love” to madly screwing a virgin I’d just met.

I didn’t even get naked with her. In fact I told her that what I really needed was to be held, and I apologized that there was no way I could oblige her at the moment. And, being the sweet soul that she was, she held me in her arms, her firm, perfectly-shaped breasts pressing hard against my pectoral muscles as my hands went up and down her back. And while we did not “make love,” she seemed to regard the experience as a unique one and forgave my most unusual reluctance. After about a half hour of of this wonderful warmth, I thanked her and told her that she had made me feel much better. And thus was I able to leave the house without any further drama.

*

Bobby Z was aware that I still had a month to go on my lease, and so he didn’t want me to go undefended with the wild landlord running around with a loaded gun ready to assault enemy forces in the heart of Santa Monica. I’d been borrowing a 38 from a very loyal friend who would have never demanded it back a moment before I ceased needing it, but it was an expensive model that bordered on perfection and I could not bring myself to delay returning it any longer. Having seen that beautiful gun, and having even pretended to disapprove of it, Bobby Z now worried about me going defenseless in what was becoming a rather violent neighborhood anyway. Without letting on about his plan at all, he did his usual mid-day wake-up call to me and uttered those familiar lines, “I need you down here right away. I’ll explain it all when you get here.”

When I got there, Bobby Z said, “People with diplomatic immunity get to carry special weapons with them.”

“I would imagine so,” I said, “but what would that have to do with me?”

“Well, I can’t have you wandering through the world unarmed,” he replied; and then he pulled out a Belgian automatic pistol. “This should keep anyone from fucking with you pretty much anywhere you go.”

He handed me a Belgian passport and said, “Belgium, The Netherlands and Luxembourg work very closely together. The three counties form a power-group that gets pretty much whatever they want in the world. A passport from any one of those countries is as good as having a passport from all three. The nice thing too is that yours comes with a special weapons permit, so you don’t have to be wondering when you’re going to get tossed in prison for having a gun at the wrong time and place.”

“But I’m not really a citizen of any of those places,” I replied.

“They say you are now, so that’s all that matters. And they say you are their special consular attache for ‘peasant affairs.’ That gives the people over there a laugh. Government officials over there all pass that joke around,” added Bobby Z.

“What do I owe them for this?” I inquired.

“Nothing, except, of course, you come when they call; but I wouldn’t expect them to call too often,” he concluded.

And thus would I henceforth be able to fight off a small army of Santa Monica assailants effortlessly, had I ever needed to. But it turned out I never needed to because bad guys have a radar that detects self-confidence. More than once, shady-looking characters approached me on the street and said, “You’re carrying, right?” And so insurance is often the best way to get accidents to never happen in the first place. I never used the weapon and eventually threw away the bullets after I moved to San Francisco. In the end, I just put the flashy weapon in a glass case on my wall as a decoration. (My anti-gun friends disapproved, but that would just have to be too bad.)

*

Red offered me yet another consolation prize to help me get over the sting of losing out to the man she had decided to spend her future with. As I was transitioning to San Francisco via a stopover in Orange County, Red called and said she had just the woman for me, and she instructed me to call this woman when I arrived in San Francisco. Her name was Sky. Red had already described my two-hour massage hobby to Sky, and Sky was ready for that to begin yesterday.

Sky had been a great friend of Red’s and had a knockout figure, meaning my attraction to this new prospect would be practically automatic. Furthermore, Sky had a dark sense of humor similar to my own and was a brisk conversationalist who’d had a great education. She was already a successful professional, but was also left-leaning politically. She was fully modern and could care less if she made more money and had more prestige than her boyfriends. Furthermore,  Sky was also a foodie and had similar tastes in restaurants and booze as me. She loved museums and was ready to give me tour of all the great museums and galleries in the City.

The relationship was already going to happen sight unseen. Everything all parties concerned had hoped for in this arrangement would turn out to be true, at least in the short run. Of course the thing would end tragically in three months; but in the meantime, my entrance into San Francisco would start gloriously. 

*

While I was still hurting from the fact that Red had ultimately rejected me, insult was added to injury when I heard through the grapevine that Red’s new boyfriend, whom I never did get to meet, was in fact a highly-paid conservative; and some rumors had it that he was a “real man” who didn’t have an ounce of liberal feminism in him. I turned to Bobby Z for consolation, coming into his office just as he was leaving to go to an important lunch meeting at a high-end eatery.

“Bobby Z, do you have a minute?” I said.

“Not really, Eddie,” he replied. “But what’s up?”

“I’m sorry to make you late, but . . .”

“It’s okay. I can be a few minutes late. Tell me what’s on your mind. You look unusually angry and bitter today, so I guess I have to hear you out.”

“Okay, I’ll make this short. But I just have to say that every time I’m dating a liberal woman, even a communist woman, it seems like, if she’s better looking than me, she always dumps me for a rich guy; and half the time I find out later that he’s some right-winger. You know, last night I tried to call as many of my ex-girlfriends as possible to see if I could get them to admit their boyfriend’s party affiliation; and you know what? — most of the time they were going steady with, or actually engaged to, some Republican stud who makes more money than me.”

Bobby Z, was silent for a moment as if waiting for more details, but seeing I had nothing to add, he blinked and then smiled and gave me a light sock on the shoulder and said, “Haven’t you learned by now? Every woman loves a fascist.”

I looked at the floor dejectedly, realizing the joke had been on me all along, that I had actually believed all these stories women told me about their love of the poor; and their pining for social justice and equality; and their hatred of sexist men and their macho ways. I stood in silence for a while shaking my head in shock, then at last I asked, “Why would they make up that whole story for years and then just dump it all the minute a reactionary man with money comes along?”

“Really? You’re asking me that?” replied Bobby Z. “Okay, let me break it down for you because it seems like you’ve never met a coastal, California woman before. Here’s the deal; and I’m in hurry so I just have to be brutally honest about it: Coastal California women have to be progressive or liberal or socialist or communist or whatever, because if they’re not, they’ll get booted from the California social scene forever. But there’s a loophole: They’re allowed to be in love with money; and if they claim to each other that they were pinched financially and had to marry a rich guy, then they get let off the hook even though the guy is a conservative. And they all moan and complain to each other about how miserable they are living with a brute, a caveman, a bully, a monster, but then they go home and fuck their brains out with him anyway. (And half the time the guy is cheating on them; and they’re catching him cheating and giving him second, third and fourth chances. But still, it would take the strength of Hercules to pry them away from these conservative bastards.) You know, given the truth of California social life, I’m just stunned you ever got fucked once. I’m stunned that you’ve had as many girlfriends as you’ve had, considering you don’t know your ass from a hole in the ground, Eddie. Good God, dude, where the fuck have you been?”

*

So then I went back through my old calendars and old phone books and searched out every name I could find in order try to try to compile a list of every woman I’d ever dated or been turned down by. I spent weeks calling them, trying to pry information out of them. They all gave me hints as to what the matter was with my perspective on the world, each person filling in one bit of the puzzle here and another bit of the puzzle there, but none of them giving me that breakthrough insight I needed. But finally I reached Allie, and Allie did me the favor of finally spilling the beans, taking all the hints I’d gotten and assembling the whole picture for me.

“Hey, Allie,” I said. “How have you been lately?”

“Lately?” She replied sarcastically. “You haven’t called in years.”

“Ah, sorry about that,” I said.

“The people who don’t hear from you for years are even sorrier,” she retorted.

Dodging that delicate topic, I said, “Allie, are you still dating that guy from New Mexico, the one who painted in a post-modern kind of Native American motif? You know, the one who never had any money and dressed in a kind of unisex style, the androgynous one?”

“Him?” replied Allie who then let out a big, frustrated sigh before saying. “That relationship wasn’t going anywhere. I grew out of that whole scene years ago. My life was moving on and he just wasn’t growing. I finally found a real man and got married.”

“But,” I protested, “He was always innovating and experimenting, always studying something new. He was always taking some college course or seminar. He practically ate books for breakfast. His whole world revolved around personal growth. His curiosity knew no bounds. What could you possibly mean by ‘not growing?’ The guy was a spiritual-growth machine.”

“Oh, Eddie,” she replied, “you just don’t get it, do you?”

“What is there to get?”

“If I have to explain it to you this late in the game, Eddie, then maybe it’s better that you don’t know.”

“Better that I not know what?”

“Eddie, we’re not kids anymore. It’s time you really looked at what you’re proposing here. You’re going to be thirty in June. And at thirty you’re going to move to San Francisco to be a poet and hang out with a bunch of mental cases and addicts? Are you fucking kidding me? Everyone knows about your plans. You think you’re going to score a top-shelf woman with some temp job or — what is it you’re planning to do next? — a guard job? Did you ever stop to think that you’re being selfish, Eddie? What about a woman’s needs? How is a gal going to face her circle of girlfriends on girls’-night-out when she has to explain that her guy is a loser?”

“So, who cares what other people think?”

“Who cares, Eddie? Apparently you do or you wouldn’t be calling to find out why your life is like a bad Jackson Pollock painting, just a bunch of random blobs that don’t add up to anything. In case you don’t know it, Eddie, some of us have a little pride and would prefer that our man not be a total embarrassment. Could you picture some upper-middle-class girl in Century City or Encino bringing you home to their multimillionaire father and saying, ‘Hey Dad, here’s my Zen Buddhist, minimum-wage, poet boyfriend on welfare?’ Wake the fuck up, man! And by the way, that patch-up job you did on your looks in your early twenties is starting to fade. I’m afraid all that beer and wine and coffee and cream is going to your gut. (Yes, somebody saw you recently and told me.) And your hairline is already receding. Brother, if you don’t get some money together soon, you’re going to end up in one of those San Francisco SRO rooms rotting away alone. And by the way, Eddie, I ran into one of your three mothers in the supermarket when I went to Orange County to see my sister. When I brought up your name, you could see the pain on her face. This bullshit life you’re living — it’s letting everyone down. You know, I didn’t want to be the bitch to have to break this to you, but I’m still in contact with all your girls from Orange County. Didn’t you realize they would call me and warn me that you were calling everyone and fishing for answers? Well, so you know what? They didn’t want to be the ones to have to tell you. They pretty much told me I was gonna have to be the bad guy. So I already knew you were going to call. Look, if I didn’t love you at all, would I be putting myself through this? Jesus, Eddie, you have got to get a fucking grip! Getting a weekly blowjob from your cougar ex-boss — yes, everyone knows — and fawning after some communist bitch? Give me a break! If you’re not man enough to handle kids and cars and houses and cats and dogs and jobs, then it’s just not going to work out. You’ll just have to live on the same table scraps of love you always did. Stop demanding the world pay you like a rockstar when you’re two paychecks from living in a Section 8 ghetto.”

“Oh my God,” I replied, pondering the whole picture Allie had painted, “then, at some point, when Bobby Z and his friends get sick of me, I’ll just be doomed.”

Allie sighed heavily again and said, “Listen, my husband just came home. Hold on.”

In the background I heard Allie saying to her husband, “Hey baby, sorry I’m not ready to go. — It’s Eddie. — Yeah, that Eddie. — Yes, Eddie Smith. — It’s not good. — Remember that talk we had a year ago? — Right. — Yes, he’s fucked. — What does it matter the details this time or the details last time? He’s just screwed. That’s all. — Okay, but remember what you said about the in-law unit? — Are we still good with that? — Okay, good. — Yes, go to the party without me. I’ll only be about twenty minutes late. — I won’t be long. — Tell Charla to use the tequila sunrise mix I like. — Okay. — Love you!”

Allie got back on the phone, but her whole tone of voice had changed, “So who are you hanging out with lately? I heard it was Luxembourg people.”

“Yeah, yeah,” I replied. “I don’t know how I got mixed up with them.”

“Eddie, my dear, there’s always dicey people and funny money wherever you go. You have to admit, sweetie, the common denominator in all these weird arrangements is you.”

“Well, I don’t know what I’m going to do to change now.”

“Eddie, sweetie, you’re not going to change. But I have a little backup plan for you.”

“What’s that?”

“Okay, so about a year ago I told my husband your life story. We were in bed and fading out to sleep. And do you know what he says to me before he passes out? He says, ‘Honey, that guy isn’t going to make it. Poor fellow.’ And I said to him, ‘Why does that matter? You don’t even know him.’ Well, to make a long story short: He built an in-law unit for his mother after his father died, but she didn’t last a year. So that tiny house out there has fallen into disuse.”
“Wow, so sorry to hear about all that.”

“Nah, don’t worry about that shit. The thing you need to know is that my husband says if you can ever pull together a little subsidy from the housing authority, he’ll let you live back there on whatever the county is willing to pay. Because, you know, you have to have your shit together to try to live in San Francisco or Luxembourg City. I’d give you about three or four years in either place, at most; then your ass will be out of there once everyone there figures out you’re useless. Even if you score a sympathy rental deal, the landlord’s going to get sick of having pity on you and eventually boot you out of there and try to get real market rates for his unit. The unit we have is only about two hundred square feet. It’s really small, but it’s better than dying in an SRO in The Tenderloin. And plus you wouldn’t have to worry too much about food expenses. There’s always left-overs from the parties. You could probably get three dinners a week out of that. Anyway, listen, I have to go. They’re waiting for me at at Charla’s place. Good luck, Eddie. You’re gonna need a lot of good luck. Call me in a year just to let me know the situation. We can’t be best pals or chatty best friends; but we care, so just keep us updated. The place is yours if you need it. We’ll just be doing short-term rentals in the meantime. Just give us some notice before you show up.”

*

Like so many people in my life, Red also moved up to the Bay Area, but she moved into a distant part of the North Bay, so it almost took longer to take buses to her house than it did to fly to Los Angeles; so we almost never got together once she moved up north. By the way, the man she chose over me had been tossed over the side not so long after I left Santa Monica, tossed over the side for a woman. And from that time on, Red was a lesbian and eventually married a woman and started a very prosperous household.

As for the little matter of Communism: Red completely and utterly abandoned any school of socialist thought whatsoever. Having explored, with the help of a therapist, her deep subconscious, she happened to find a little capitalist living there. It seemed that stock derivatives and commodities options appealed to her, became her greatest love, or so one might think by how well she played those markets. The periodic newsletters she sent out to all her friends might have a paragraph or two about her and her wife, but the bulk of it consisted of tales of voracious day-trading which netted her at least a few million dollars.

There was not a word of politics of any kind in her group communications, unless she were discussing the VISA requirements of the various exotic countries she was traveling to. And if there were political unrest at a popular travel destination, she would warn her friends away from there until the crisis there had passed. If any new person in her life had heard it posited that Red was once a straight girl hanging out with basement-dwelling Marxists, they would have laughed away such a suggestion.

“Happily ever after” doesn’t begin to describe her situation. From that time forward, I’d never heard her complain about a single thing, whether in her newsletters or in our very rare phone calls. Adding to the incompatibility we had on every front, there was always the awkwardness of my having been driven to madness over my inability to maintain a relationship with her friend Sky. The breakup was so dramatic, and I took it so badly, that it was really an embarrassment to everyone who knew us. And since Red had pretty much erased her past and lived in a present moment that excluded virtually any consideration of anyone’s decades-long chronic problems, there just became no topic around which to build a substantial collaborative dialogue. The reality of Red adjusting to the real world and attaining all of the conventional milestones associated with that, and the reality of me failing to approach those milestones without fleeing in the opposite direction, just simply caused the common ground beneath our feet to vanish. And thus did my relationship with Red meet a similar fate to my relationship with Linda Doll. The real world again proved larger than relationships, and no one concerned had the strength or the will to fight that fact.

*

Maddy Tradden had already moved to Berkeley and had set up a wonderful place with his latest true love (that true love eventually becoming one of my untrue loves). She was also a scientist and very self-sufficient, and so her and Maddy Tradden had a lot in common. The only thing missing in the place was my sleeping bag on their couch, which Maddy Tradden was impatient to see since it would represent my deciding to live outside the one-hundred-mile radius from which I’d barely moved since 1959 (unless you count the strange Green Bay experiment).

Maddy Tradden was hoping that detaching me from my disastrous roots might finally turn me into a real man and make me less clingy and neurotic. However, I disappointed him temporarily by making a stop in Orange County to experiment more fully with my two newly-chosen careers, security guarding and poetry writing, the first one paying about minimum wage and the other paying almost nothing. But before making the temporary move to Orange County and the long-term move to the Bay Area, I would need to update Bobby Z on all these changes (and there was also the melancholy business of informing Felicia that she would need to go through the inconvenience of finding a replacement male for her weekend romance shift).

My goal would be to stay at least two months in Orange County and work for some eight weeks as a temporary security guard during the night shift. I wanted to see whether this situation which involved almost no work would be conducive to poetry writing, tome reading, yoga workouts and meditation practice, the goal being to get paid minimum wage for doing all those things so that when I got up from bed in the early evening, there would be nothing to do but look for people to socialize with. If those two months proved successful, then I’d follow through with the scheme to move to Berkeley.

Sky would turn out to be still quite available and ready and willing once I finally got up north, the two-month delay being hardly noticed by her as the professional demands she faced and the fast-pace of life in downtown San Francisco caused years, if not decades, to rush by almost unaccounted for.

*

I stopped by Bobby Z’s office to let him know I’d be heading to San Francisco by way of Orange County, not that he didn’t know my trajectory was already pointing squarely in that direction. But I thought I’d let him know I’d be packing a van this weekend and, given the way rents were going up in Santa Monica, there would be almost no way I could possibly make it back. Giving up a rent-controlled apartment in a rent-controlled city is rather like agreeing to live in exile for the remainder of one’s life.

Bobby Z got up from his desk and shook my hand and gave me serious-but-friendly look as if to acknowledge the size of the changes going on in my life. After that he asked me to sit down as he had some news of his own to tell me. Firstly, and coincidentally, he’d also be moving to Northern California too, staying with a distant relative for a while; and so, as it turned out, like so many people I knew, he would be living up there too. And thus, for a few dreamy years, Northern California was full of both old and new friends, seemingly coming and going in an endless rotation.

But the bigger piece of news he had was that his move to Northern California would be short because he was soon to begin a new career in Luxembourg City and would then be living in Europe for the foreseeable future. He had been, of late, carefully studying the possibilities of the unique banking environment in Luxembourg. It turned out that he’d found a partner with some capital to help him start his own firm that would not only hold people’s money for them, but also aid them in the types of creative accounting that part of the world is known for.

“But what about the Democratic Party?” I exclaimed.

“You know what?” replied Bobby Z. “Fuck the Democratic Party. Fuck the Communist Party and the Green Party and the Socialist Party. Fuck all those people.”

“What do we do now?” I asked.

“I’ll tell you what,” replied Bobby Z. “Let’s handle this all this way: Let’s charge one last big lunch in Malibu on the office’s credit card. Then, when we come back from lunch, I’ll order everyone to go home early. Then I’ll put everything I brought here in a few file boxes and take them out to my car. You can help me carry them. Then I’ll lock the front door and toss the keys through the mail slot And then we’ll both walk out of here and never look back. No more environmentalists. No more seminars on racism. No more feminists. No more committee meetings. No more saving the world. No more changing the world. Just no more of any of that bullshit.”

*

As we were driving back from lunch later that day to close the office and leave the future of it in other hands, Bobby Z said, “Hey listen: Me and the girls back in Luxembourg City — we’d like to see you once or twice a year, on our dime of course. You could think of Luxembourg City as your home away from home. And anyway, I realize you don’t have many roots in this world, so, you being sentimental and all — it wouldn’t be good for me just to take off and not see you anymore. Those San Francisco types, the punkers and the beat poets, the jazz guys and the artists — they all die off pretty fast, or end up in the nuthouse or the nursing home. I’m afraid the whole thing will leave you high and dry in the end. So if you don’t end up in that in-law unit behind your buddy’s house in Orange County, you’ll probably have to finish out your little story with us. I can pretty much predict I won’t be moving after I settle there, and The Grand Duke isn’t going anywhere either; and our two little hookers aren’t planning any big moves either. It’s just another option to consider, because, believe me, after San Francisco and the losers up there get through with you, you’ll be needing options.”

*

Amazingly, the two months I spent in Orange County were like a dream. I went to work for Universal Protection Services; and back then, well before the paranoia of 9/11 entered the world, guards on the late shift could be paid for sleeping, reading books, watching television, listening to the radio, doing workouts, doing homework, writing in their journals, making phone calls to friends, or any number of enjoyable activities. I initially used my spare time at work to try to expand my yoga workouts until a resurgence of my fibromyalgia made that impossible. I then went through another phase where I could hardly walk, but fortunately my patrolling duties consisted of circling one single floor that was, in total, less than two city blocks around. This meant that for two months my work life revolved around writing poetry and reading “War and Peace.”

My writing life was on fire. And I spent hours writing and rewriting poems. And my poems were getting longer, long enough to cross over into the post-beat / confessional-rant / prose-poetry style. In those two months I soared with mania and believed I would be a rich and famous literary sage and that one day the people of the planet would stream to my door with offers of love, money, housing and medical care.

I also used those couple of months to try out my wares on the local Orange County poetry scene which consisted, at the time, of two main venues, one in Laguna Beach and the other in Fullerton. My work seemed to go over well and my stage presence was impressive, perhaps far more impressive than my work. But the fact that I was able to get an audience to enjoy either my writing or my stage presence was enough for me. And this further seemed to firm up the matter as to whether I ought to move to San Francisco where there were dozens of open-mics to read at and hundreds of more poets to connect with.

But my job was going so well, and the couple of readings I was going to pleased me such much, that I even toyed with staying in Orange County after all, especially since word had reached me that another reading in Venice (a small beach community in Los Angeles County) had a wildly successful reading called “Beyond Baroque.” Perhaps, I thought, I could cobble together a life with three good readings to go to and the almost too-good-to-be-true job I had. But the security guard work in Orange County was non-unionized and paid very low wages, so low, in fact, that there was no hope of my again owning a car. This meant that I could not really do my poet / security guard gig without real mass transit, and Orange County never really got together a world-class transit system like that of San Francisco, New York, Chicago or Boston. So there was no way around it, I would have to take my act to San Francisco as planned, meaning I would again have to load up a van and move.

It would later turn out, after years in San Francisco, that I wasn’t able to make it into the major leagues of the artistic world. But several weird twists of fate were to follow in which I would get about one-tenth of the way there. I never became famous, and was never even what they’d call in the movie industry a “B actor.” That being said, I probably got far more attention than I deserved.

My closest brush with wide notoriety came when, purely by accident, I ended up being assigned by my guard agency in San Francisco to guard a building that housed several radio stations. As luck would have it, a couple of the radio stations in that building alternated between being the number one and number two stations in the entire Bay Area, meaning that, at times, either of the stations could be significant on the national stage. And although I came there having no ambition to appear on a commercial radio station, I ended up getting about two minutes a day on the air, time I used to deliver scathing cultural jokes which mocked the citizens of the Bay Area. These jokes were edgy enough that whole work places were said to freeze with anxiety when my segments came on, and people around the Bay Area reported being “afraid of what he might say next.” However, this particular fad passed after a year or so and I eventually moved on to guard other buildings of a more nondescript nature.

Strangely, the whole thing started when various workers in the building had asked what I did when I wasn’t guarding buildings. I explained to them that I was a poet whose art form was notorious for not paying off, and therefore I worked as a guard to “support my poetry habit.” They then insisted on seeing some of my work, at which point I handed out free copies of my books as gifts to my favorite workers. Those workers were fascinated and kept passing the books around the building until one day an on-air personality who was tasked with finding new material for the morning program stumbled across one of my books. He himself was a kind of comedian and immediately spotted the dark and bitter humor laced throughout my works and said, “I think we can use this.” And the rest, as they say, “is history,” although apparently not compelling enough history to get anyone to make a Wikipedia page about me.

The other aspect of my life that gained me temporary publicity revolved around legal and legislative activism, but these bursts of publicity faded quickly. Such victories as I achieved in those arenas were not enough to make me a political or judicial legend. At last, none of my works gained enough traction for me to “land a career,” as the real-worlders say. If everyone is supposed to have fifteen minutes of fame, I suppose I failed in this respect: Whatever time I had in the public eye in the Bay Area lasted a lot longer than fifteen minutes, but it never resulted in real fame and it absolutely didn’t end in the winning of any riches.

*

Maddy Tradden and his live-in girlfriend were incredibly gracious when I arrived there. Their quarters were smallish for people of such professional accomplishment, and in a short while they would break up and move on to far more luxurious quarters of their own. Maddy became so successful that he now owns a biotech corporation and a mini-mansion.

The girlfriend, whom I later dated, upon Maddy Tradden’s insistence, was amazingly patient and was very solicitous in spite of the fact that a semi-hobo was sleeping on her couch and was the first thing she would see every morning when she went to make her coffee. Maddy himself was extremely helpful and threw himself into the project of making my move to the Bay Area stick. As such, he was unusually tolerant of my limitations and took extra pains to understand my actual situation as opposed to his usual caricature of my life. (Once I truly settled into San Francisco, both the understanding and patience both of them had for me would slowly vanish; and within a year both Maddy and his girlfriend were again nauseated with every aspect of my existence.)

Because of their temporary support, I was able to concentrate fully on the impossible task before me, finding a place to rent in the Bay Area as a person with literally nothing. One might as well have applied to become a vice president of an oil company having only played with a children’s chemistry kit. But stunningly, even as we all braced for me to be a hopeless case for months, within less that two weeks, I was already living on Cathedral Hill in a studio apartment for only $375 per month. And rather than having to live in some poor part of Oakland in order to get my start in the Bay Area, which we had initially thought was the only possible plan, I wound up in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the City, and for pennies on the dollar. (The rent was so low because the rental market had hit a temporary depression, and the landlord had mistakenly believed the downward trend was unstoppable, but, in fact, immediately after he gave the apartment to me, the real estate market again boomed. Since the unit was a rent-controlled one, I’d be there on the top of Cathedral Hill for three years, living in a world-class area for almost nothing, making all of my detractors even more angry at me than ever.)

Maddy Tradden was impressed that I’d located the unit and, for a few months, me and him even got along. But then my breakup with Sky happened, and this led to a psychological and economic collapse. Once I became a lost soul again, he came to view me with the same disdain as usual.

In spite of his return to his usual mode of disapproving of me, it was still nice of him to arrange for some of the pain of my psychological downfall to be eased by a short relationship with his ex-girlfriend. And to his ex-girlfriend’s credit, she allowed the first month of our dating situation to proceed nicely before lowering the boom on me by resuming her ordinary control-freak tendencies, tendencies which were so severe that they even drove Maddy Tradden away. And to be more of a control-freak than Maddy Tradden is no small feat. 

After me and his ex stopped dating, Maddy called me to cross-examine me on what caused the separation. I detailed a portion of the long list of rules and prohibitions that his ex maintained around her house. And, I noted, not only was the list of rules long, but new rules were added daily, so that one could barely pass a peaceful hour without running afoul of regulations. At first he pretended to be unimpressed with my complaints, so I went into greater and greater detail until the case became convincing. At last he smiled and chuckled and said, “Yeah, that’s why I left her too.”

Maddy and his ex both drifted away from me, and I finally gave up seeking out their friendship. I was never going to win their approval or get validation from that quarter of the world. And, in Maddy’s case, he simply had no more time for me and my little problems as his rise in the business world and in the philanthropic arena were meteoric. The gap between his vast worldly achievements and my floundering attempts at establishing myself were simply too much for him. He tried to forcefully drag me upward, but alas, I was too slow and too lacking in self-confidence to follow him at that time. Neither Maddy Tradden nor his ex-girlfriend could remain truly friendly with a person who seemingly could not sustain either a real marriage or a reputable career. In rooms full of accomplished scientists and civic leaders and industrial giants, where would I fit?

There is never a week of my life that I don’t miss Maddy Tradden, and never a year when I don’t consider calling his ex-girlfriend. But any effort to repair those relationships would come off as way too little and way too late. 

*

There were sixteen years of seemingly glorious times in San Francisco. But most of it turned out to be a mirage, the friendships, the literary connections, the political alliances, the desperate sexual escapades — almost all of it vanished into smoke by the time I was in my late forties. For much of the time I was there, it felt like I was making forward progress and on a trajectory toward some better situation, but my social life kept crashing due to countless errors and oversights on my part and also due to forces way beyond my control.

Sam Francisco’s artistic circles were besieged by massive forces that were beyond our power to stop; and the waves of tragedies hit so hard and so fast that there was scarcely time to get one’s bearings. On top of this, I made a lot of bad relationship decisions, according too much weight to relationships that were illusory and making almost no effort to save relationships that were inherently important. I was in way over my head. Looking back, I sometimes think it would have been best if I had stayed in Orange County and just lived the anonymous life of disabled part-time worker.

The first tragic wave to hit us was the AIDS epidemic. San Francisco in 1989 was ground zero for AIDS and people around us were dying left and right. And this went on for years until “the cocktail” slowed the progression of the disease and allowed HIV-positive people to live a substantial number of years. But for me “the cocktail” came too late as too many people I really needed in that vulnerable time had died.

The next wave was the Hepatitis C wave, which took out my best female friend. Then a wave of cancer deaths hit the sicklier poets; and the situation was so severe that I sometimes would learn of three stage-4 diagnoses within a week. Eventually, in order to preserve my sanity, I became a bad friend and stopped going to hospitals. Were I to visit everyone who was in the terminal ward and go to every funeral, there would literally be no time to live; and being poor, there was no way I could even afford all that travel. Additionally, I was continually beset with my own medical problems and managing that could be a full-time job in itself. At some point, I was simply too weak to even look like a good person and I’m sure my reputation is quite sullied.

On top of that, there was the heroin craze and the opioid fad. The first one to die of an overdose was the first man to really welcome me onto the San Francisco poetry scene. Severe alcoholism and the continual fog of tobacco smoke and marijuana smoke created a host of other health issues. People were overdosing, dying of liver problems or ending up in the psychiatric ward permanently. Countless others had to be on such heavy psychiatric medicine that they ended up being barely able to hold a coherent conversation. By the time political correctness and a resurgence of Marxism were overlaid on top of all of the other stressors, I simply opted out and refused to make public appearances. In the end, hundreds of people felt that I had rejected them or abandoned them, and maybe I did; but I insisted on surviving, and I could not have done all the right things and survived. And so, unable to face the mass deaths, mass political movements and mass exodus due to ever-increasing rents, I fled the Bay Area social scene.

History came and simply erased a whole generation of people and ideas as it has done since ancient times. And while I had assumed, through my understanding of the Buddhist law of impermanence, that such a thing would eventually happen, I rather expected it in my old age not in the midst of middle age. Put simply, I did not adapt to the changing landscape very well.

*

In desperation, I found myself fumbling through old phone books, looking for the names of anyone in Santa Monica who might still remember me and might somehow, if I could contact them, give me a sense of belonging. But that too turned out to be a fool’s errand. At last, most of the people I knew during my time in Santa Monica had married or were busy with children; had inherited houses or gained access to trust funds; had bought rental properties or were running successful businesses or were doing whatever else it would take to get them through this world. But this information about them came mostly by way of the former landlords of my friends, or distant friends of friends, or other far-flung people who remembered just enough of my old crowd to outline the basics about them; and the basics about them always amounted to: They grew up, moved on, got their shit together and are now living a respectable life.

My ship was capsizing. I realized I had no Santa Monica past and no San Francisco future. I might as well have been on a one-way cruise ship to the southern tip of Argentina. Had I tried to call my family, I would have been greeted with less enthusiasm than one accords to a timeshare telemarketer. At last the only people that would speak to me were in their late sixties, mid-seventies or early eighties, the few who had survived the waves of deaths, but who, by their own admission, probably didn’t have long to live either.

County mental health authorities were at their wits end dealing with my case, one not quite tragic enough to warrant full-time county care, but not one quite promising enough to have any serious hope of improvement. Eventually, bit by bit, line item by line item, the county’s social and psychiatric workers eventually delivered all of the bullet points that comprise the memo one would deliver to the doomed, were one to deliver it all at once: 1. You’ll have to get a dog or a cat if you want physical contact. 2. The only way you’ll get any regular human contact is through volunteering or working for free. 3. In several years you’ll be just old enough to hang out at the 55+ seniors’ organizations, so at least you won’t be totally alone. 4. There are support groups for the indigent, the isolated and the mentally-ill, but your compatriots will be so much more broken than you are that they, far from being able to offer support, will be needing you to rescue them.

Furthermore, in my self-absorbed mania and grandiosity, I’d neglected to make enough “rescue me” calls to Felicia; and in due course, she moved to the East Coast and lost my contact information in the shuffle. By the time I tracked her down at her new desk in New York, I was the least relevant thing in her world. She was kind enough to tell me all about her new life, and kind enough to allow me to call back and check up on her now and then, but whatever chemistry we had was gone, and it was all my fault. And so I concluded that a neglected child is destined to become a neglectful adult; and so it seemed that I, the one who complained of being neglected, had, in turn, neglected others. I felt the heavy weight of the full circle of karma bearing down upon me, seeing myself as the victim who became the perpetrator.

My case seemed indefensible to me, and so what reasonable person would come to my defense? My body of work consisted mostly of the following: paintings that probably had some worth before I abandoned or discarded them; tapes of songs written in styles that were absurdly antiquated and so incompetently recorded that they were embarrassing to listen to; and massive collections of poetry consisting mostly of angry blasphemies, soft-core pornography and tirades against capitalism. How on earth was anyone to market such a portfolio of disgraces to anyone with even a patina of self-respect?

*

It had been years since I’d even called Bobby Z. In truth, I hadn’t updated my contact information on him in so long that there would be no way I even had his current phone number or address. But he was easily found by a rudimentary Internet search. He continued to be a person of some significance and therefore had an obvious presence in the digital world. But I was initially hesitant to call, my hesitation being based on the fact that nobody likes to hear from a desperate friend who calls only after life has driven him to chastened civility. The unspoken question in people’s voice when they pick up the phone in such situations all but says, “So when you thought you were on a roll, I was excluded from the party; but now that you are completely out of options, I suddenly matter?”

My myopic self-importance had been such that I’d stopped taking advantage of the free trips to Luxembourg City which had been mine for the asking; and I’d even stopped meeting with Wendy since I thought I had bigger fish to fry, not knowing I’d eventually have no fish to fry. (I could have, during all that time, been wrangling a meeting with a Grand Duke once a year, but what? Did I imagine I’d eventually be meeting with Queen Elizabeth instead? The depths of self-defeating stupidity that mania drives one to are almost too astounding to believe.)

There was no recourse left but to call Bobby Z. But how could I gracefully begin such a pathetic call in such a bleak situation? How could I break the ice and ask for friendship when I’d been such a thoughtless friend for the last several years?

But then I came up with a couple of lines that would solve the dilemma. I would begin the call this way: “Hi, Bobby. As you might have guessed, I’m calling because San Francisco has finally kicked my ass. My so-called world-class triumph has ended in humiliating defeat, utter destitution and soul-killing emptiness.” I memorized these lines and started right in on them the second Bobby Z answered the phone.

After I proffered these highly-affected lines, Bobby Z acted like we’d last spoken two days ago and replied, “Yeah, I kind of figured it would be like that. But, if it’s any consolation, I’ve seen more than one billionaire say the same thing, so, if anything, you’re doing about average. Hey, listen, I’ve got a client on hold right now, so call me back at this number in about three hours and then you can tell me the whole story.”

*

“Okay, what have you got for me?”

“Well, as far as I can tell, I’ve hit a dead end.”

“So has everyone. You weren’t supposing this life led anywhere, were you? You’re supposed to be the Buddhist. Remember the teaching you used to quote? ‘All compounded phenomena must dissolve into impermanence.’ Well, here you are, at that point in life where there’s no way to go back, no way to advance forward and no particular meaning to be derived from being in the present moment. Cool. At last you’re free.”

“No, I don’t mean it like that, not in terms of my dreams and hopes and all that. I mean that it’s getting to the point where I don’t have anywhere to go. Even if life is meaningless, it still helps people in a nursing home if someone visits them, right? So I’m not quite nursing home material just yet; but if I don’t get some help here soon, I’m going to end up in that kind of sensory-deprivation situation. Even the most shallow life requires something moving across its screen. You can’t just have a person stare at a blank monitor forever.”

“You can’t? I thought that’s what Zen was all about.”

“Okay, but I’m too fucked up to do Zen right now.”

“Oh, you mean like the philosopher gig is running out of gas?

“Yeah, I’m pretty much running on fumes.”

“So you found out you’re going nowhere, and you could live with that, but you need some kind of rudimentary stimulus just so you don’t go batshit crazy. Is that what you’re saying?”

“It’s kind of heading toward that kind of picture. The poetry world is dead. Everyone left here is so politically-correct that I’d frankly rather live among a bunch of fundamentalist reactionaries just for the comic relief. The whole culture has left me behind. No one under thirty here has any edge. It’s become puritanical. There’s almost no one to talk to who isn’t speaking in the most deadening of platitudes.”

“Ha! That makes sense though. I always knew those San Franciscans were a bunch of conformist pussies without any spines. I mean, I didn’t want to tell you that because you had your hopes on having some big breakthrough there. No, fuck those people. They’re worse than Democrats. They’re like low-grade Maoists, except that Mao’s people could shoot guns and those pathetic whitebread City people would panic if they ever even saw a gun. They’re useless wankers — no, not even good as wankers, because wankers at least get some self-satisfaction. I’ve been getting word about San Francisco from City refugees here in Europe. They say the City is just an upper-middle-class, self-congratulatory, sinkhole of pretentious pricks.”

“Yeah, and so now I’m kind of looking at where to go next, but I’m coming up empty. It’s like Orange County, Santa Monica, Green Bay and San Francisco were all the cards I had to play. Maybe I could turn into a right-wing, Idaho kind of person; but Idaho is getting really expensive because so may people are fleeing the West Coast, so rent there wouldn’t be that much cheaper.”

“The fact that everyone wants the fuck out of there probably means you’re not lost but stranded. What move does Maddy Tradden suggest?”

“Ah, yes, well that’s another thing. He’s sick of me. He’s too rich and too popular to even return my calls. He said my case was about the worst he’s ever seen. We had one last bad argument and then he never called again. But I notice in the news that he gets richer every year and his company expands continually. He’s on the road to being worth tens of millions of dollars. If he lives to be a hundred, maybe he’ll be worth a hundred million. He just can’t fuck around with a random, little story like mine anymore.”

“Hmm, I could see his point. But anyway, the one thing you always had was your youthful appearance. Do you still look young?”

“I look like someone’s bald, old grandfather; and the women on BART say things like, ‘Sir, if you need a seat, you can take mine.’”

“Shit! That is bad.”

“Yeah, I think my game is just about over. Somehow, you know, when it looks like you’re almost at the end of your game, you feel like you need to tell someone.”

“I could picture that.”

“Funny too, but, you know, for some reason I get that call a lot, mostly from lonely, older guys. Women always seem to have a crowd of admirers, even around their deathbeds; but for the guys I’ve known, when the bottom falls out — I tend to be the very last number in their crumbling, hand-written phone book. And so I get a lot of calls like, ‘Well, Eddie, I think this is about it. If I don’t make it, I just wanted you to know — you were a good friend, Eddie. Sorry if I kind took off on you and couldn’t stand to watch you suffer anymore. It was just too painful. I wish I could have been there for you. You’re a good man, Eddie. Too bad it didn’t work out for either of us.’ And then maybe a year later I get a note from their ex-wife or an estranged child saying the guy’s already been cremated or buried — usually cremated because no one wants to pay for the burial.”

“Huh, that all fits together. But, you know, America is one fuckhole of a mean place, so a really awful old age and a meaningless death are almost a cultural mandate. I imagine a lot of people feel like their last years in America are sort of a Bukowski thing, like something so ugly that you could almost get off on the darkness of it if you had a perverse enough mind.”

“Ha! You know, there’s a welfare hotel not so far from where Bukowski used to live. Even if I go on disability, maybe I could still afford to live there on skid row with the drunks and the chain smokers and the hookers. So maybe, now that my writing career is in the shits and I fucked up all my human connections — maybe it would be soothing to just decay around the other hopeless cases and finally just stop looking for beauty.”

“I read a few Bukowski books and I think I could support that kind of move. I could even send you fifty bucks a week for food, since your disability check would only cover rent. I could hire you to send me weekly diary entries from Hell. It might not make you famous, but it would somehow be soothing to me.”

“Well, Bobby, thanks for listening. I think I need to go for a walk and be by myself for a while. I just wanted someone to know my real situation.”

“Listen — not so fast. There’s been a little update in my life since we last talked years ago.”

“Really? Cool. What’s up?”

“Okay, so I never told you this, but I always wanted kids.”

“Kids? Dude, that’s really sentimental. Not even I want kids. Where the heck did that come from?”

“It’s genetics — dumb, blind genetics. Mammals can feel the desire to reproduce without an ounce of sentimentality. Think of the cougars who fuck once and then run away from each other. Then think of the mother cougar who raises her cubs for a while then chases them off and never sees them again. And so the cycle goes. So, I just had the genetic programming in me to fall for such stupidity. It’s nothing more than that.”

“Okay, but who do you want to have kids with?”

“Canestina.”

“The hooker — I mean, the escort you dated when we first met in Luxembourg City?”

“Yes, it was her alright. You know how she got me? It turned out she wanted kids too. And she didn’t want her kids to be bastards, right? So she says we can marry and have kids, but that it’s okay if I don’t love her.”

“Do you love her though?”

“Jesus, Eddie, I guess so. Probably. It’s lame though. I’m a shitty husband, or maybe I’m okay. I’m a good provider and I don’t treat her like shit, so that’s something.”

“But does she ever get a crush on you?”

“Maybe.”

“Sounds okay to me. Maybe that’s something like the way people loved hundreds of years ago, in a matter-of-fact way without lots of poetic flourish. And people need some legitimacy with the wider world. So, you know, your marriage sounds at least average, if not better.”

“Well, let’s put it this way. We’re not going to get divorced because we’re both too cynical and lazy to cause some huge drama this late in life.

“It’s good to hear that your genetic line isn’t dying out and that you’re not some sad, old bachelor like me.”

“Oh, I’m sad enough, Eddie. Trust me on that. If I’m happier than you, it can’t be by more than 10%. Don’t idealize normality, Eddie. It’s not like it’s some great achievement. You don’t see statues in the town square: ‘A guy who held a job and had two kids.’ So, save me your little life-of-failure speech because, believe me, you lived about as good as the next guy, and better than some. That I can promise you.”

“Hey, then I’m glad I called. It’s kind of nice to know how the story turned out. It doesn’t matter so much what happened, but it somehow feels better to know, to not leave everything all at loose ends. But, Bobby, I think I better go. I feel like I’m about to cry, and so I better do that on my own, you know.”

“Don’t be in such a hurry to drown yourself in a sea of sorrow just yet. I need to talk to you about something.”

“Sure — okay, Bobby. I’ll try to hang on for a few more minutes and hold it together.”

“Hang on. Just don’t go anywhere. I need to talk to my secretary for a minute.”

*

“Eddie, are you still there?”

“Yes, yes. Still here.”

“Okay, here’s the way we’re going to have to play this. Are you listening?”

“Yeah, I’m listening.”

“Alright, now my secretary is booking you a one-way flight into Amsterdam two weeks from now. Sell all your non-essential shit and just keep your stuff down to what would fit into four large suitcases. DHL will be delivering four heavy-plastic containers just about the size of large suitcases. Whatever doesn’t fit in there, you have to toss.”

“I’m moving to Europe?”

“Unless you want to give Green Bay a try again?”

“Okay. What do I do now?”

“Like I said — you stuff everything you can into those four cases I’m sending you. When you’re done packing the DHL cases, call DHL and have them take them away. They’ll already have prepaid shipping labels on them. Then all you have to do is show up at Los Angeles International Airport and pick up your tickets at the KLM counter. It’s a nonstop flight to Amsterdam. We’ll meet you at the Amsterdam airport and drive you back here. It’s only a few hours’ drive to Luxembourg City.”

“What’s the long-term plan, though?”

“You’ll just have to trust me a bit on this one, Eddie. I can’t get into all the specifics with you over the phone just yet. But I think you’ll adapt to life here just fine.”

“But I have another question.”

“What?”

“I may be hard-headed, but I still don’t get why you and Canestina want to settle down?”

“Middle-aged escorts aren’t having as fun a you might think. She told me she was tired of being a whore and she didn’t want to die as a disgraced old lady. She figured that if she combined her savings with my earnings, we could both salvage a little dignity out of this whole mess.”

“She called herself a whore?”

“Yes, and it’s just as well that she and I married, because I’m just a financial whore. I mean, what does it matter which part of your soul you fuck away? Neither of us can tie a neat, little bow around our life stories.”

“Then you get a little security from the deal, a sense of being a bit settled?”

“Oh yes, it feels very settled. As for security? Well, it’s a financially-secure situation, though I don’t think either  you or me or Canestina is ever going to be emotionally secure. It’s probably way too late for that.”

*

When I arrived at Schiphol Airport and got to customs, I was greeted by a stout woman in a typical customs officer’s uniform. The brim of her hat was pulled low and she gazed out with squinting eyes, as though I precisely fit the profile of the kind of troublemaker she was trained to keep outside of her beloved homeland.

She gazed unenthusiastically at the customs form we were given to fill out on the airplane shortly before we landed. She then scanned over my passport with a sort of disdainful look, and inquired, “Mr. Smith, what is the purpose of your coming to The Netherlands?”

“Purpose?” I said. “I’m just here to visit friends in Luxembourg.”

“May I see your plane tickets please?” she said.

“Sure,” I replied and proceeded to give her my airline receipt.

“Mr. Smith,” she said firmly but dully, “this is not a ticket, but a mere receipt.”

“I don’t have the ticket anymore. The airline took my ticket when I got on in Los Angeles,” I explained.

“No, Mr. Smith. The airline ticket home. The return ticket. Where is it?” she demanded.

“There is no return ticket. My friends didn’t buy me one.”

“But Mr. Smith, you said you were just here for a visit. How can you just be visiting if you have no return ticket? Clearly, Mr. Smith, you have some business here in The Netherlands that will take a considerable amount of time if you’ve not bothered to obtain a ticket back home to the United States.”

“But I didn’t buy my own ticket. My friends did, so I was just doing what they asked.”

“Those are some strange friends, Mr. Smith, who invite you to see them but don’t arrange for you to come home. Did you say these friends were from  Luxembourg City? That’s not the biggest city in the world. A few days would be enough for any tourist to cover most of it. Mr. Smith, are you engaged in . . . financial services?”

“I don’t have a job at any bank right now, but I think I worked a few days here and there for banks as a temp worker.”

“Temporary agencies sent you to banks? I see. So you did short jobs and then left. That would be convenient for those bankers. Who else did you do accounting-related work for, Mr. Smith?”

“Everyone. I mean, when you’re a temp, you get around. You spend a few hours almost everywhere if you’re at it for more than a few years.”

“A man who does short-term accounting who wants to go to Luxembourg but has no ticket home? Mr. Smith, you do know how inappropriate this looks, don’t you.”

I was becoming nervous and sweat was breaking out on my brow. If I was turned away and sent home, where would I go after that? I stammered and said, “The situation is desperate. I’ve run out of options.”

The customs agent laughed and said, “Yes, that’s usually how it ends in such cases, isn’t it? Mr. Smith, I will be escorting you to our back offices for further questioning. We’re going to need to search you and also find out the contents in your little briefcase there.”

But before either of us took a step forward a man in what looked like a military uniform stepped up quickly and stood between me and the customs agent; and I had to move in order to avoid being bumped aside by him. He took my customs form and my US passport and said to the woman who’d been questioning me, “This case is being handled by me. He is an honorary Belgian citizen and thus has a right to travel throughout the Benelux countries as he wishes. I shall escort him to the back offices for processing. You remain on post and continue with the others in line.” (Just then I realized I’d shoved that old Belgian passport Bobby gave me in one of the DHL cases, not thinking I’d need it once I landed. And I’d long forgotten my status as an honorary EU resident.)

The woman frowned, inclined her head slightly down toward the desk and mumbled in English, “Fucking crooks. What the fuck is an honorary Belgian citizen?”

The man in the military uniform shoved her back slightly with one hand and pointed an index finger toward her and said something extremely harsh to her in Dutch that sounded like a kind of cussing out. I began to panic. But finally the man turned toward me and grabbed my arm. As he pulled me forward, I asked, “What did you say to her?”

“There is no adequate translation that is proper to speak in English,” he replied. “But I shall inform you that your customs officer has been warned before about her attitude. She is one of our best officers, but she is insubordinate and must be reminded from time to time that she is not head of state security.”

“Where are we going?” I asked.

“You are not to worry, Mr. Smith.” he replied. “I was simply detained by other business and was late. It was I who was to greet you in customs. Your Benelux residency is assured, and I only need to bring you to an office where we can talk for a moment. You and your briefcase will not be searched. We’re quite aware of who you are and it is well understood that you pose no threat to The Netherlands. We shall have you on your way in no time. We only regret your friend Robert and his wife had to rush off to Brussels today on urgent business and could not be here to greet you.”

“Who’s Robert?” I inquired.

The man laughed and replied, “Oh, yes, I forget, his American friends call him Bobby. How very curious. He was a Communist at one time, no? Well, we all have our youthful follies. But never mind all that. And Luxembourg City — that’s a very nice place, yes?”

“Yes, very nice,” I replied dumbly.

“Okay, here we are,” he announced as we reached his customs office door. “You shall find my office quite comfortable. One of our workers will be bringing us refreshments and snacks while we have a little chat and await the woman who has been assigned . . . has volunteered, to drive you to your destination today.”

*

After a few glasses of champagne and a few hors d’oeuvres, we were able to get down to business. He took a quick peek at my customs form before crumpling it up dismissively and throwing it in the wastebasket. He then stamped my passport rather vigorously and handed it back to me.

“So,” he said. “The longer you stay in the Benelux countries, the more you’ll find them to your liking. They seem to have an almost addictive quality.”

A gentle knock then came upon the glass pane of the door, at which point the customs officer said, “Ah, then your ride is here.” He then said more loudly, “Come in!”

The door opened and Wendy appeared. It had been many years since I’d seen her, but she’d not aged as badly as I had. The difference in the gracefulness with which she had aged and the gracelessness with which I was aging was a bit embarrassing. She stood there smiling until the customs officer said, “Well then, there’s nothing more for us to do here. I shall wish you both a good day.”

Wendy and I decided to drive out to Utrecht and take a walk so I could stretch my legs after the long flight. We found a cozy bar and ordered some beers to take the edge off; and we shared a large order of fries to get some calories in us before we took the long drive into Luxembourg City.

*

“So that’s pretty wild about Bobby Z and Canestina hitching up and having kids. Man, I’ve been so out of the loop. I’m surprised nobody told me.”

“Well, you came here a few times and then kind of fell off the map. Then we all got busy and we just sort of forgot about each other I guess. Once Bobby Z got the new bank rolling, we all got swept up into our own little social circle. Besides, you were off trying to be a star of some kind.”

“Yes, all that wasted energy — and then forgetting about my friends too. It’s just inexcusable. It was pretty nice of Bobby Z to be so understanding. But what am I gonna do? I’ll have to find a place where they don’t mind having an English-speaking employee. Then what, try to take night classes in French or German or whatever it is they speak here?”

“Luxembourgish, Eddie. That’s the native language, but many of us speak four or five languages.”

“Wow, and all I have is English and rusty Spanish. This does not look good.”

“Eddie, Bobby Z will probably have a job for you.”

“But he knows I can only manage to work a couple of hours a day, three or four at the most.”

“The job he has for you will only take two or three hours a day, so that will be just fine.”

“Will he be having me doing money laundering?”

“That’s not what they call it here.”

“What do they call it?”

“Dry cleaning.”

“Dry cleaning?”

“Yes, because laundering money is strictly illegal, and so it’s our tradition to clean the money without hardly getting it wet.”

“You mean coming right up to the edge of the law without technically going over it?”

“Yes, or maybe going over the edge a tiny bit, so little that even if one is caught the penalty is a mere hand-slap. And the penalty usually accrues to the company and not to the employees personally.”

“What do they do with the employees who get caught?”

“They get transferred.”

“Transferred where?”

“To Switzerland for retraining.”

“Retraining?”

“Yes, they get trained on how to avoid getting caught again.”

“Then what?”

“Then they issue you a certificate saying you have been reformed.”

“But does anyone in that industry ever really reform?”

“No, but after reform school in Switzerland, they get good raises when they return to the company they used to work for.”

“And the cycle just goes around and around like that?”

“Sure? Why should anything in the big world ever change? Eddie, not even you know how to change.”

“I know, but having dabbled in a bit or Marxism, I can’t get it out of my head that the world is making progress.”

“Ha ha ha, Eddie! Do you know something?”

“What?”

“You’re cute because you don’t, as the Americans say, know your ass from a hole in the ground.”

“Cute and stupid is better than ugly and stupid, I suppose. But what happened to Canestina?”

“Oh, you know, that happens to a lot of girls in the business. In their late thirties they decide they need to have a kid before it’s too late, while doctors here are still willing to try artificial insemination if the normal method won’t work. They figure, about the time they turn 38, that they need to start looking for a man fast; and maybe they have two years to land one before the whole ship sinks. And so, you see, of course they must aggressively propose to the man they choose and accept not be adored like the ordinary girl is. That is all a dirty business, but I’ve been around long enough to see it all, again and again.”

“How do you feel about her picking Bobby Z?”

“Ha! He is a silly man, kind of like you somehow. He’s the opposite of you, but he’s also just like you. You are both silly men. It’s very charming in a way. I think she loves him a little, maybe because he won’t ever get things quite right. He’s like you that way also. His success is not quite right and your failure is not quite right. It’s all just a little off. I think it makes her feel needed. She, even though she was in the escort business, is somehow very normal; and so she believes she stabilizes him.”

“But is Bobby Z ever romantic towards her?”

“Oh yes, not too much, but some. She tells me everything, you know. Us girls have no secrets about such things.”

“So then you’re happy for them?”

“Yes, very much happy for them. They saved each other just in time, just in time before things went downhill.”

“I see. And when Bobby Z had to rush out of town on business, he decided you should be the one to break the news to me about everything?”

“Exactly. He said to me, ‘Wendy, you’re a really nice girl. You’ve been good to Eddie. Could you do me a favor and bring him up to speed on everything while I’m away? He’s kind of a dingbat, but you’re a . . . compassionate type, so maybe it’s all for the best that you break it to him gently. He’s a bit slow and needs a lot of hand-holding. The poor guy lacks confidence. Maybe you could say something to boost his ego a bit. You girls know how to do that sort of thing.’”

*

When we got to Luxembourg City, Wendy pulled the car into a garage on a medium sized lot that had two small houses on it.

“Me and my sister inherited these two rental houses, but my sister met some man from Germany and moved off to Berlin with him. She sold the other house to me at half price. They live in a mansion out by Potsdam. This one in front is the one I stay in and the other will be for you to stay in.”

“Whew! That’s good, because you know how claustrophobic I am. I have a hard time staying over at people’s houses.”

“Yes, me and Bobby Z discussed that in detail. By the way, the bank will be paying your rent on the other house until we see how things work out.”

“At the bank?”
“No, silly. We have to see how things work out between you and me.”

“What?”

“Yes, Eddie, I’m getting old just like Canestina. And just like her, I need to propose to the man I care for. I figure if you have your own house to retreat you, I won’t scare you off and then maybe you’ll stay. I know how delicate you are, and so this was the best arrangement I could think of. The old tenant recently moved to the other side of the city. The unit was vacant for two months. I was going to have to rent it out anyway.”

“Wendy, I’m scared!”

“Eddie, kiss me.”

*

I did indeed kiss Wendy; and after we made love, she assured me she didn’t want kids, just a husband. And so for many years we continued to have a wonderful sex life, so wonderful that Wendy often used to say she “came very, very hard.”

Eventually the bank stopped subsidizing my rent, but by then Wendy stopped charging me rent anyway.

In terms of the wedding arrangements, all I could handle was a five-minute civil ceremony with Bobby Z and Canestina serving as witnesses. And even then I was continually fighting back tears, but was saved by the fact that Bobby Z kept saying, “If you break out sobbing, I’m going to strangle you.”

There was never any need for me to be sent to reform school in Switzerland as I was very good at dry-cleaning money, so good, in fact, that I even invented a few new innovations having to do with financial devices we called “stain removers.”

The four of us often took long weekends together going to various countries in Europe. Wendy had saved enough money from her escorting work so as to never have to work again. She turned out to be a bit like me in her old age, dabbling in one hobby for while and then switching to another. She was kind enough to build me a small studio out back where I could again try my hand at abstract painting. My work never fetched more than a few hundred dollars per painting, but it kept my hopes alive that one day the big world would discover me and perhaps some rich people from Santa Monica might end up with one of those pictures on their living room wall.

Bobby Z and my first landlord from Santa Monica are the only people that remain from those few years I spent there, but, come to think of it, that was a pretty big three years.

As I got older, I started to really fall in love with Wendy, although, for me, falling in love was a long, slow process. Wendy saw this change in me and it frightened her a bit and she herself was tempted more than once to flee the relationship.

“Eddie,” she said, “if you’ve fallen in love with me, the sex will become so emotional that I’m afraid I will pass out and have to be taken to the hospital.”

But, as it turned out, we never needed to call the ambulance. When Bobby Z saw us both in love at the same time, he said, “Oh shit. Here we go. More fucking drama.” However, as the fickle gods would have it, this time there was no trick card lying underneath the deck.

Wendy believed in psychics and so we went to fortune tellers every so often with the understanding that I didn’t believe a word of it.

One time, though, one of the psychics we were seeing appeared to have something like a small seizure in front of us. We were about to call the paramedics, but she put her hand out and said, “No, no. That won’t be necessary. Sometimes the messages just come in strong.”

When we inquired as to what the message was, the psychic stared at me a wildly and said, “You! The Roman pantheon sends a message to you. They met and argued about your fate, and one of the gods called out and said, ‘Give that stupid kid a break for a while!’ And Jupiter relented. That’s what he did. He ceased to persecute you. You are free to go and live in peace. Nothing more will be required of you. It will be like you had moved to paradise while still being alive.” And then she turned to Wendy and said, “Jupiter has told you to guard over this child, to overlook his weaknesses. And, most of all, you must forgive him for never growing up.”
