


Scandalous Endeavors
By
Amanda Mariel

This is a work of fiction. Names, Characters, places and incidents are used fictionally, or are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblances to real places or people are purely coincidental or fictionalized.

Scandalous Endeavors
Copyright © 2015 Amanda Mariel
All Rights Reserved

No Part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please use an accepted lending program, or purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, borrow it through an accepted lending program, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author and her team.


Dedication

Thank you mom and dad for always believing in me and encouraging me to follow my dreams. You helped mold me into the person I am today. Brooklyn and Ricky, thank you for giving your mommy up for hours as I worked on this book. Dawn, the countless hours we spent on the phone paid off! Allison, Dawn, Mom, Raven, and Cheryl, thank you for beta reading for me and sharing your wisdom. Shalena and Tammy, thank you for cheering me on and doing all the little things I asked you to. Technology is not thy friend; Dave, thank you for keeping it all working properly! Without all of you this book would not be a reality. To my future readers, it humbles me that you choose my book out of the immense sea of choices, and I thank you for it. This book is for all of you--thank you from the bottom of my heart!

Prologue

London 1842

Amelia stood as still as a hollowed out tree as drizzle coated her body in cool little beads. Dark clouds hung stationary overhead. Water spattered into a small, deep hole carved out of the rain-soaked ground. She surveyed the surrounding landscape speckled with memorial stones and decorated in wilted flowers. Why?
Uncle Lewis placed his arm around her shoulder, and she gazed up at him. His face, full of grief and sorrow, matched the heaviness in her heart. He did not say anything, just stretched his lips into a semblance of a smile. What could he say? Honestly, no words mattered; none could heal her broken heart.
At long last, the minister stopped eulogizing as the casket was lowered into the cold, soggy earth. The family’s servants stood behind the small gathering of relatives and close friends all waiting for the descent to end. Once it came to a rest, the gathering stepped forward one by one and dropped flowers into the deep abyss. The red roses Amelia clutched to her breast as if they could soothe her soul needed to be released from her numb fingers. She opened her hand, never taking her gaze from the casket. They landed with a quiet thud upon the polished surface. Uncle Lewis grabbed her hand, giving her the same pitiful look she had been getting from everyone for the past two months.
Were they all watching and waiting for her to shatter into a million pieces like delicate china. Maybe that is what people in her position were supposed to do; perhaps something was amiss with her. If so, she could not help it. She simply felt numb, like she had disappeared into a hellish oblivion. Her world spun out of control, with nary a semblance of what it used to be. She had become completely lost and abandoned. The only certainty was that her life had changed forever.
Tears stung her eyes and tightened her throat. She inhaled sharply and steeled herself against the emotions welling up within her. Her stomach clenched as she watched the first scoop of earth being tossed into the burial plot. Lightheadedness threatened to overpower her. She tucked her shaking hands into the folds of her shawl, hoping to still them.
She should not be here, but she’d begged Uncle Lewis to allow her to attend. Something deep within compelled her to see it with her own eyes. Amelia knew it would be scandalous, but did not care what the ton thought. Perhaps she should have cared. If she had followed proper etiquette her heart might not have been so shattered by the finality of it all.
“Amelia, it is time for us to go.” Her Uncle’s sorrowful voice drifted through her fog-muddled brain.
His grief was understandable. Papa and Uncle Lewis had been close friends since childhood. Amelia did not answer; what was there to say? He helped her up, and she settled on the plush black velvet seat of Papa’s favorite covered carriage.
Papa ordered it from London a few years ago as a gift for Mama. She never got to see it; they buried her the very day it arrived. Mama had been out riding at their country estate when her mount became spooked. The horse reared up, throwing her. She died instantly from a broken neck. The memory of her mother’s death deepened the hole inside Amelia. She looked at Uncle Lewis. What would become of her? Both Mama and Papa were now in their graves. She had no siblings. Her only surviving relative, Uncle Lewis, lived in America. She inhaled deeply and bit her lower lip to keep it from quivering.
Uncle Lewis arrived just in time to witness Papa’s passing. He had only returned to England for his brother-in-law’s funeral and to see after her. Would he stay until she reached majority? Or did he plan to take her to America? He remained a bachelor, so he had no family to return to. But he did have a plantation to worry about. By all accounts, he enjoyed success and happiness there. She slanted her glance at him. Of course, he would wish to return to his life. What reason would he have for remaining in England?
Amelia drew another shuddering breath and looked down at her gloved hands, which lay in her lap. Leaving her home, friends, and country behind had never been a part of her plan. England was all she had ever known. She had no power over her life. If only she were one-and-twenty. Then, she would have control over her inheritance and be able to make her own decisions.
As things stood, Uncle Lewis had been appointed her guardian. Papa placed the estate and family fortune in trust until she either married or reached majority. None of Papa’s property had been entailed, enabling him to will everything to her. Even his title, Viscount of Everthorne, transferred to her due to the method of its creation. She was now a wealthy and titled lady, but none of it mattered a whit if she were forced to emigrate. Amelia swallowed the knot in her throat. “Uncle Lewis…”
He regarded her once again with sympathy firmly ensconced in his eyes.
“What happens now?”
“Let us not worry about it at the moment. It has been a long day, and we are both exhausted.” He turned his gaze back to the carriage window.
What was he looking for? Perhaps he did not know what came next either. If only she could make the decision for them, she would tell him to stay in England. Amelia loved her family’s London townhouse and could not imagine leaving their country estate behind. She had never left England and did not want to do so now. Even if it would only be for two years...it might as well be for a lifetime.
The carriage jolted to a stop, pulling her from her musings and back into the real world. She glanced through the carriage window at the ornate facade of her townhouse. The large windows appeared the same as ever, but her life would never be the same again.
After departing the carriage, Uncle Lewis put out a hand to help her down. Edwin, the family’s butler, stood near the open oak door, ready to usher them inside. Several familiar carriages were parked in view, and voices drifted from within the townhouse. Amelia shoved back the emotions welling up in her. It would be undignified to cry in front of all these people.
She tightened her fingers on Uncle Lewis’s strong hand. “I do not think I can face them.”
He drew her to a stop in front of the first porch step. A small smile tugged at his lips. “Amelia, dear, no one expects you to interact. They know you are in mourning. I will see to our guests. You retire to your chambers and rest.”
Amelia gave him a weak grin of her own. “Thank you, Uncle Lewis.” Her emotions were overwhelmed with grief for Papa and the memories of Mama only added to her depression. When she considered her bleak-looking future on top of losing Papa…it was all too much. Rest, and the sleep that came with it would be most welcomed.

Chapter 1

Amelia’s heart lightened as Lady Sarah sashayed into the drawing room clad in lavender and ivory taffeta. Her full skirt rustled as it cleared the doorway. The dress complemented her blonde hair and accentuated her violet-hued eyes. Amelia could not help but admire her beauty and vivacity. She was always so alive. Full of the very essence Amelia found herself quickly losing.
Sarah traipsed across the room, arranged herself in the chair directly across from Amelia, and smoothed her taffeta skirts. “I came the very minute I finished reading your note. I must admit you caused me quite a fright. What is so terribly wrong that it could not wait?”
Amelia drew in a deep breath and released it slowly. “Uncle Lewis has ordered me to move to America. He says that I must board a ship this Monday.” Amelia watched as the concern on Sarah’s face deepened into utter shock.
“One week? It is not feasible. What about your servants and properties? You need time to grieve and prepare. Not even a full month has passed since you buried your father.”
“That is precisely what I told him, but he would not hear any of it. As my guardian, he expects me to do as I have been told.” Amelia’s chin quivered as she battled with her fresh wounds. Uncle Lewis had been stern in his command, storming from the room when she attempted to sway him. She drew in a deep breath. “Tell me there is something we can do.”
Amelia fixed her eyes on Sarah’s and waited for her to speak. With every fiber of her soul, she willed Sarah to find a solution.
“What if we could secure a chaperone to watch over you? Do you think he would grant you more time?”
Amelia smiled for the first time in over a fortnight. “Sarah, you are an angel. That may well work. Leastwise it will provide a good temporary solution.”
Sarah’s eyes twinkled when she looked at Amelia. “What about Her Grace, the dowager Duchess of Abernathy? She’s widowed with no pressing responsibilities and is a friend of your family’s is she not?” She stopped speaking long enough to draw a breath. “Perhaps I can appeal to her on your behalf?”
Amelia’s heart soared as her hope rekindled. She clasped Sarah’s kid glove covered hands. “This will work. The duchess has attended every social affair my family ever hosted. She sponsored my introduction to society, and even presented me to the Queen. But of course you already know all of this. The request would be harder for her to deny coming from my own lips. I must ask Her Grace myself.”
As Sarah stood and moved to the hearth, her earrings danced with the movement. “That is outlandish. You are in mourning. It would make for a grand scandal if you went about visiting. You already created a small scandal by attending your father’s burial. Every tongue in London would be wagging if you went out calling.”
Amelia could not argue with Sarah’s reasoning. It would not do any good to feed the gossip mills--not yet, at any rate. She needed Uncle Lewis and the duchess to honor her request. No doubt a grand scandal would have the opposite effect on their sensibilities.
“What if we take your carriage to the widow’s townhouse? No one will suspect I am inside. Even if they do, they will not have any proof. Not if we keep the curtains drawn.”
“We can send your calling card to the door alerting Her Grace to your presence. With any luck, she will come join us in the carriage,” Sarah replied, a conspiratorial sparkle lighting her eyes.
“It is settled then. I will ring for our coats, and if anyone asks, we will say we are going for a ride in Hyde Park.
* * * *
The ride to the duchess’s passed without event. Amelia failed to notice the sounds and smells of London as they traversed down Piccadilly Street. She only took notice of their arrival when the carriage halted on St. James Square in front of Abernathy House.
Sarah knocked on the window behind her, then handed her footman both of their calling cards before dispatching him to the widow’s door. Her Grace’s grand townhouse towered three stories high, with large windows and a beautiful garden sprawling around it. Amelia studied the exterior of the townhouse through a crack in the curtain, ornate with various types of embellishments and a slate roof. One would be hard-pressed not to realize her wealth and station based on its appearance alone. Her stomach knotted with anticipation. What if she refused Amelia’s request? She looked at Sarah for a distraction.
Sarah fiddled with her skirts, a worried expression pulling at her features. “I do hope she joins us out here in the carriage.”
Amelia worried at her lower lip.
The duchess had plenty of experience with the rituals of mourning and proper decorum. She would come out. If not, Amelia would go in. What other choice did she have?
Relief swept through Amelia as the carriage door opened, admitting the Duchess of Abernathy, Grace Stratton, who promptly seated herself directly across from Amelia. Concern clouded the duchess’s brown eyes, and she patted her strawberry blond tresses gathered at the back of her head. “Good day, ladies. I would ask how you are doing, Amelia, but I fear I already know. Instead let me ask, how may I help?”
Amelia’s palms became tacky, and her pulse hastened as she willed the words to come. “Your Grace, it is with deep respect that I have come to ask for your support in an imperative matter,” She paused to collect her thoughts.
Grace nodded and reached for her hand. “Please go on, dear. Out with it.”
Amelia risked a glance at Sarah, who gave her the slightest nod. She directed her attention back to the duchess. “I would be forever in debt to you if you could see it in your heart to assist me. You see… my Uncle Lewis has ordered me to move to America.”
“Oh my. That is dreadful. And so soon to boot.” Grace’s hand fluttered to her chest.
Amelia swallowed and bowed her head, unable to focus on the duchess. “He says I must leave in one week’s time.”
“Oh dear.” She squeezed Amelia’s hand. “Tell me, how I may be of help.”
With some effort, Amelia glanced up at her. “It is my hope that, by securing a chaperone, I may delay my departure.”
“You most certainly would need one if you were to stay on in England.” Grace’s narrow lips turned up in slow degrees. “Amelia, am I correct in assuming you are asking me to be your chaperone?”
“That is exactly what Lady Amelia is asking,” Sarah answered, her voice filled with mirth.
Grace gave a gentle squeeze to Amelia’s hand. “I would be happy to help, assuming the arrangement is agreeable to your uncle. I do not suppose he knows you are here?”
Amelia nodded her head as guilt panged within her breast. “He hasn’t the faintest idea, nor does he know I am actively seeking a chaperone.”
A slight blush crept across Lady Sarah’s cheeks. “That presents a whole new problem. Now that you have agreed to chaperone Amelia, we must get her uncle on board with the arrangement. However, we cannot tell him she called on you. Due to the impropriety of it, of course.”
Grace tittered. “Let an old hand deal with that. I will call on Mr. Lewis tomorrow. Do not worry your head one more second about it. I am quite certain he’ll agree. I have but one question, dear. How long are you intending to stay in England?”
“Forever.” Amelia’s reply came too hastily, but she could not stop herself. The dowager’s eyes widened and Sarah drew a sharp breath.
“How do you plan to manage it?” Sarah lowered her gaze and plucked at her skirts.
“I intend to find a husband. Amelia looked at them, begging them to understand an idea she did not yet understand herself.
“You could not. It is positively scandalous. Amelia, you are in mourning,” Indignation dripped off Lady Sarah’s tongue.
Amelia’s cheeks heated at the reprimand. She knew her idea would prove risky, but she also believed it could work. She merely had to convince them that the imminent scandal would prove worthwhile.
The duchess leaned forward. “Nonsense, Lady Sarah. If Amelia desires to stay in England, we will help her. And if she wishes to marry, we will assist in that, too. Compared to Amelia’s happiness, the consequences are of no concern.”
Lady Sarah’s eyes widened, and she fixed them on the duchess. “I do not want Amelia moving to America either, but I do not see any other way. How is she to find a husband when she is not at liberty to attend parties, or be called upon?”
“I intend to trap one.” Amelia managed to keep her voice level. “There are many eligible bachelors keeping residence in London for the season. I merely need to decide on one, and then...appear to be compromised by him.”
Sarah’s face paled. “Think of the scandal, Lady Amelia! You will be ruined.”
“And we shall assist her.” The duchess fired a daring glance in Lady Sarah’s direction. “Marriage will put a fast end to any ensuing scandal, so there is no use worrying about it in the first place.”
Amelia pushed out a breath and tried to relax. This had to work. It simply had to.
* * * *
As Amelia snuggled in her feather bed, desperately wanting sleep to take her, her thoughts alternated between trying to determine who to make her viscount and how to accomplish the task. Anxious and overtired, she crawled from her bed, donned her wrapper, and headed for Papa’s old office, knowing the cure for her insomnia rested within its walls.
Sudden grief stabbed her heart when her lamplight illuminated the room. Everything remained just as Papa had left it. His mahogany desk still held Mama’s miniature in its ornate brass frame. The office chair was slanted slightly to the side as if he had just exited it. Hunter green crushed velvet drapes were pulled partially open, allowing moonlight to stream into the room, and Papa’s slippers still rested near his chaise. The room even smelled like Papa--a heartrending blend of cigar smoke and spice.
She entered the office and set the lamp down. The sherry decanter beckoned to her. She moved to it, poured herself a glass, and tossed it back. Unladylike, but she did not care. The dark liquid sent a comforting trail of warmth down her throat. After she poured another glass, she positioned herself on the corner of Papa’s desk. No one had entered the room for six weeks. Her father had been too sick for business matters, and hadn’t wanted her to worry about them. He assigned his steward to take care of the accounting and property management tasks during his illness. If she was forced to leave England, she supposed the steward would continue to run her estate.
Amelia took another sip of the sherry, relaxing as it blazed a path into her belly. Picking up Mama’s miniature, she realized she could feel both of her parents in the room. As warm tears rolled down her cheeks, she dashed the dampness away with the back of her hand. Mama had spent a great deal of time in here before her passing.
Staring at Mama’s image reminded her again of just how much she resembled her mother, right down to her curly hair and emerald eyes. With a jagged sigh, she placed the miniature back on the desk.
“I love you.” Her whispered endearment echoed in the room. Standing, she finished the drink and placed her glass back on the serving tray. The liquor spread warmth through her, thawing her chilled marrow. Perhaps she would sleep well after all.

Chapter 2

Dread and anticipation warred within Richard Collingsworth, the Duke of Goldstone, as he strolled across the Duchess of Abernathy’s manicured lawn. On the one hand, London held little appeal for him. On the other, he was looking forward to spending time with his favorite aunt.
English debutants and mamas were not so different from their Scottish counterparts, and he had no desire to become ensnared by some scheming mother and her husband-hunting offspring. He’d had his share of that over the years. His gut clenched at the thought of Lady Ophelia, who’d done her level best to trap him before spreading nasty rumors across Scotland when he refused her advances. No more, he’d not allow it. When he settled down, it would be because he chose the woman; not because he had been trapped.
He glanced down at his clothing. A thick layer of dust clung to his riding attire from the day’s traveling. Had his luggage arrived? His trunks had been sent ahead. He hoped they had as he badly needed a fresh set of clothing. Business matter’s slowed his journey, he had several stops to make between his Scottish estate and London. Everything he had packed in his saddle bag was now in need of laundering.
As he stepped onto the wide porch, Aunt Grace’s butler opened the door. “Welcome, Your Grace. It is always a pleasure to have you in residence.”
Richard removed his riding gloves and hat as he stepped into the foyer. “Is my aunt occupied at the moment?”
“She is preparing to go calling.” The butler offered a smile.
Before Richard could say more, Aunt Grace rounded the corner. “Richard, my dear boy, how lovely to see you.” Eyes brightening at the sight of him, she stepped up beside him and planted a kiss upon his cheek.
He returned the kiss before handing his coat to the butler. “I am always honored to spend time with my favorite aunt.”
A light blush crept into her cheeks as she fought to repress a smile. “How you do go on. I am afraid I was just preparing to go out. This errand cannot wait, but I will have a room readied for you and we will catch up when I return.” Looking to her butler, she added, “Have a maid ready a room for my nephew right away.”
The butler motioned over a footman and gave him orders.
Bloody hell, his luggage could not have arrived, if it had, Aunt Grace would already have his room prepared. He would make do without it for now. Perhaps something remained from a past visit that he could wear until his garments were seen too. What other choice did he have? Richard stepped toward the staircase. “Do not fret over me. As you can see I am badly in need of freshening up. Go attend to your errand and I will be here when you return.”
“Very well, dear. I will not be over long.”
The butler opened the door for her after helping her into her cloak. Richard watched until she disappeared from sight. Aside from his mother, Aunt Grace was the only woman he trusted. She had never done him wrong.
A maid appeared with a pile of fresh linins. She curtseyed. “I will have your room ready straight away.”
“Please have a bath prepared as well.”
She bobbed her head before mounting the stairs.
He strolled toward his uncle’s old office. A glass of port would be the perfect thing to keep him busy while his room was tended to. His spirits were already much improved since leaving Scotland. Perhaps London and all its diversions would be just the thing to help him fully recover from Lady Ophelia’s scheming and malice.
* * * *
Amelia looked up from her needlework as Grace glided into the room, her chin held high in her customary regal display. Uncle Lewis, who sat opposite his niece in the drawing room, set down the book he’d been reading and rose from his chair.
As he bowed the duchess stepped forward, chuckling. “Come now, Mr. Lewis, there is no need for formalities. You are part of Amelia’s family, and that also makes you an honorary part of mine.”
When Amelia’s mother came to England, Grace took her under her wing. Being an American closed many parlor doors to mama. Of course she still received invitations due to papa’s status, but the ladies of the ton did not embrace her until the duchess did. As a result of their friendship, Amelia had grown up around the duchess and looked to her as a second mother.
Uncle Lewis straightened his posture. “Do have a seat, Your Grace.” He motioned toward the velvet armchair positioned next to Amelia’s.
Grace took her seat, elaborate skirts rustling. “Thank you, good sir. I abhor formalities among family and close friends. You have leave to call me Grace.”
His expression relaxed. “As you wish, but I insist upon you calling me Lewis in return.”
Uncle Lewis sat back down and studied Amelia with curiosity. She smiled at him and tipped her head to the duchess.
“How lovely it is to see you.” Did her voice tremble?
“And you as well, Amelia.” The dowager’s voice came across smooth and confident.
Uncle Lewis’s gaze returned to the duchess. “To what do we owe the honor of your visit?”
“As I have already explained, Amelia is like family to me. I wanted to check on her in light of all that has happened.” Turning to Amelia, she said, “How are you, my dear? Is there anything you need?”
“I am perfectly content at the moment, thank you. Of course, I miss Papa terribly, but there is really nothing to be done about it.” Her vocal chords squeezed at the reminder, and she swallowed hard.
Grace winked at Amelia, then turned her attention back to Uncle Lewis. “Forgive my forwardness on the matter, but what are your plans for Amelia now that you have been appointed her guardian?”
“I am taking her to live with me in America, at least until she reaches the age of majority. I hope she will find it to her liking and choose to stay permanently, but, alas, that will be her decision.”
As indignation rose inside her, Amelia fought to maintain her composure. He must have gone completely mad! She would never choose America over England. How could he not realize she had no inclination to live in America? Not now--not ever. England was her home, and God as her witness, it always would be. Abandoning England would be the same as abandoning her parents, which she would never consider doing.
Grace nodded, her expression remaining warm. “I see, and when will you be departing for America?”
Amelia shifted in her seat and tried to inconspicuously wipe her sweating palms while she waited for the scheme to play out.
“Our ship leaves port Monday, shortly after sunrise. I am looking forward to my return.”
“My...but this Monday morning?” Grace’s gasp would have convinced the queen herself.
“Yes, you see, I have already stayed in England much longer than I should have. It is spring planting time. I am needed at my plantation to ensure things run smoothly.”
“I can see how that would be necessary, but it is simply unreasonable to expect Amelia to leave her home behind for two years on a few days’ notice. She needs more time to settle her affairs here in London and at Everthorne. They are her responsibility now.”
“But how will--”
“Not to worry, Lewis. I would be happy to chaperone her, if it pleases you.” The duchess leaned toward him and batted her thick lashes. “Having Amelia under my roof would be a comfort.”
Amelia pressed her lips together to keep her mouth from falling open at the duchess’s astute intervention. Old hand indeed. Now, if only Uncle Lewis would cooperate. With bated breath, she awaited his reply.
“I had not considered procuring a chaperone, and I do not look forward to traveling without Amelia.” He sighed, his brows drawing together. “However, your offer is generous, and it appears that it would please you both.”
His emerald gaze locked with Amelia’s as he asked, “How much time is required for you to properly prepare?”
“Two months,” Amelia blurted, then chided herself for her haste. Why did she not ask for more time? A full year would have gotten her out of mourning, thereby making the task of finding a husband much easier. But, alas, he never would have agreed to such a lengthy period.
He rested his chin on his fists and closed his eyes for a moment before he opened them again. “This time frame is agreeable to you, duchess?”
“Indeed, I should be delighted to chaperone her for two months. Or even longer, if necessary.”
“You are very generous, but she will not need more time than we have agreed upon.”
Grace arched a conspiratorial eyebrow. “Are we in agreement then, Lewis?”
“It would be rude of me to deny such a reasonable request.” His gaze locked on Amelia’s. “Two months--and not a day longer.”
Dashing from her chair, Amelia threw herself into Uncle Lewis’s arms, “Thank you, thank you so much. You have no idea what this means to me.”
“All thanks should be directed at Her Grace. It is her generous offer that is allowing you to stay a bit longer.”
Amelia pressed her lips against his warm cheek before returning her attention to the duchess. “Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Your generosity will not be wasted on me.”
Grace took her hands, a jubilant expression upon her face. “You are most welcome, my dear.”
A maid entered the drawing room and set up afternoon tea. Amelia’s thoughts raced as she picked up a delicate china cup, failing to notice she had forgotten to add sugar until she took a sip and shuddered at the bitterness.
Uncle Lewis and Grace chatted long into the afternoon, finalizing the details of her chaperonage, but Amelia hardly heard a word.
Before she knew it, the pair became engaged in small talk. Amelia could not help but notice how splendidly they were getting on. Why, if she did not know better, she would have said they favored one another.
She did not have time for studying them. She turned her focus back to the task at hand. True, she would be staying in England, but it was not yet a permanent arrangement. She would not be able to rest until she found a spouse.

Chapter 3

Amelia found it hard to believe the time for Uncle Lewis to depart had already arrived. The past week had gone by so quickly after he agreed to allow Grace to chaperone her. Amelia could not have been more delighted to remain behind in London.
Mere hours ago, her lady’s maid, Edna, helped her dress and fashioned her hair into a simple plait for breakfast. Now, here Amelia stood next to the Duchess of Abernathy on her expansive stone porch. One of her hands rested on the cool ledge, while she used the other to wave Uncle Lewis off.
The farewell felt bittersweet. Despite her thrill at remaining behind in England, she also knew how much she would miss him. The knowledge that she never planned to leave England only served to compound her sadness.
She could not help but be torn between her happiness at remaining and her sadness at seeing her only living relative depart. Her heart grew heavy. Perhaps he would make the voyage back for her wedding?
Amelia wanted to go to the docks and properly see him off, but he had refused the request. The docks were no place for ladies, unless they were sailing. He did not want the duchess and Amelia there, alone and vulnerable, after he boarded the ship.
It was true, the docks held wide appeal for unsavory types. Pickpockets and the like. Amelia acceded to his wishes without argument. She did not want to upset him by arguing overmuch for fear he would change his mind about leaving her behind.
She continued to watch his hired hack as it grew increasingly smaller on the horizon before becoming consumed by London’s thick traffic.
Amelia tipped her head toward the azure sky. “It is a beautiful day for travel.”
“Indeed it is,” Grace replied. “Just listen to the birds tweet their splendid songs. Spring is in the air.”
Amelia closed her eyes and inhaled the fresh morning air. “I have always been rather fond of spring. It is the season of rebirth. The only time of year we get to witness daily miracles.”
Her gaze drifted in the direction of the garden, where most of the flowers bloomed with new life. The forsythia and daffodils were on full display among the many other garden flowers. A rainbow of petals floated above fresh green shoots. She longed to stroll among them.
“I have always had a knack for losing myself in gardens. There is just something about nature that draws me in.”
The duchess chuckled and placed her arm around Amelia’s shoulders. “How very right you are, my dear. Let us go in and prepare for Lady Sarah’s visit. I have invited her to have tea, and suspect she will be arriving shortly.”
Amelia grinned and allowed Grace to guide her back into the house. The gentle rustle of their skirts filled her ears. “That is splendid. I can hardly wait to discuss my plan. I have thought of little else all week.”
Her butler, Edwin, opened the door as they approached.
“Please have the drawing room set up for afternoon tea. Lady Sarah will be joining us,” Amelia said as they passed through into the foyer.
He nodded, closing the heavy door.
Amelia pulled off her plain black shawl. She had already become sick of the color. It only served as a reminder of all she had lost, increasing her sadness every time she saw it. Tears threatened, and Amelia took a deep breath, fighting them back.
Grace handed her shawl to the butler. “Please inform the staff that I will be taking Lady Amelia to Abernathy House after tea. Have her maid complete any packing that still needs to be done.”
“As you wish, Your Grace.”
Amelia handed Edwin her shawl, then proceeded up the curved mahogany staircase. She needed to prepare for afternoon tea, and more importantly, for her future.
* * * *
At Grace’s request, Amelia worked the cool ivory keys of the piano, when Sarah’s charming voice joined in.
“Look out upon the stars, my love, and shame them with thine eyes...”
She played on as Sarah sang each word perfectly. Her delicate voice reverberated through the room while Amelia danced her fingers across the keys. Alas, the tune ended, and Amelia rose to greet her friend with a kiss to the cheek while Grace applauded their performance.
“I am so pleased you were able to make it, Lady Sarah.” Grace patted the seat next to her. “Come sit, both of you. We have a plan to devise.”
They settled into nearby chairs.
It felt nice to be in her drawing room entertaining her closest friends. Amelia nearly forgot her state of mourning due to the pure pleasure and normalcy of it.
“How are you adjusting, Amelia?”
Slammed by a powerful wave of emotion, Amelia nodded as she pushed the pain back down. “I will be fine once I am wed.”
A maid brought the tea in, and they each accepted a cup.
With a wry grin, Grace asked, “Have you determined which of London’s bachelors you will lure to the altar?”
“I have thought of little else. I do have some names in mind, but am not sure any of them will do. I think Lord Shillington may be promising. As you know, he is the eldest son of the Earl of Voxton. A proper English lord” Amelia set down her cup of tea. “At the very least, he’s a perfect gentleman, and pleasant to look at.”
Sarah grinned. “Indeed, he would be delighted. He certainly did not hide his amour toward you at last season’s balls. In fact, he made quite a fool of himself chasing your skirts.”
Laughter permeated the room and echoed off the walls, lifting Amelia’s spirits.
She would never forget the way his eyes followed her about the ballroom. From the very moment her toes grazed the ground at the duchess’s ball, Lord Shillington was set to do her bidding. He bowed to her ever so ungracefully, and bumped into the Marchioness of Lovington, causing quite a scene.
After apologizing most profusely to the marchioness, he added his name to Amelia’s dance card as many times as proper etiquette allowed. “He did appear to be quite smitten with you, dear,” said Grace, her voice laced with mirth.
Sarah placed her hand on Amelia’s. “You would receive no complaints from him over being trapped into matrimony. So long as you were the bride.”
“I suspect I would not, but I am not sure I could be happy with him all the same.” Amelia folded her hands in her lap and exhaled a deep breath. “I think his clumsiness might be a bit much to live with on a daily basis. Besides, I would not like my husband appearing more fashionable then me.”
The room filled again with the trio’s exuberant laughter.
“Yes, you will want to choose a comfortable match.” Grace set her teacup down with a slight clink. “Who else have you considered?”
“Lord Roleings might do well. I have always been fond of him. And we have gotten on well in the past.”
Sarah’s face twisted up in an odd way. “He’s a known rake, Amelia. Even if Lord Roleings compromised you, he might still refuse marriage. You would be completely and irrevocably ruined.”
The duchess waved her hand in the air. “Come now, he’s not completely dishonorable. He simply fails to hide his affairs as successfully as other bachelors do.” Turning from Lady Sarah to Amelia, the duchess added, “It would be highly believable that he compromised you with little evidence to support the fact. His reputation for being a rake would benefit you.”
“I imagine you are quite right, duchess. All the same, Sarah made an astute observation.” Amelia nodded at Sarah. “I would like an honorable husband. One who has not been labeled as a rake by the ton’s occupants.”
Sarah moved her hand slightly. “The scandal of it all would be more easily forgotten if you married a man of good character.”
Amelia massaged her temples in frustration. There must be an eligible man in London whom she could be happy with.
“By God, I have the ideal candidate.” Excitement dripped from Sarah’s voice. “My brother. The next Marquess of Havenshire. He is in want of a wife and would be hard-pressed to find one more suitable than you, Lady Amelia. Why, he said himself, not even a fortnight ago, he would find a wife this season if he had to marry a merchant’s daughter.”
“Lord Roseington would be a fine match,” Grace agreed. “The two of you are already well-acquainted, and he is most honorable. He wouldn’t deny you marriage if you became compromised in his company.”
The room around Amelia seemed to tilt, then right itself again. It would be wonderful to have Sarah as a sister. She closed her eyes for a moment.
“He is a great catch, Lady Sarah, but he is your brother. Could you live with our highhandedness if he hated it...if he hated me?”
“Oh, how you carry on. My dear brother could never hate you.” She smoothed her hand down her skirt. “He may be a tad angry about being ensnared at first. But he would overcome the initial upset, and grow to be happy with you.”
Sarah waved her lace glove-clad hand through the air. “Lady Amelia, I am certain he would grow to love you just as I have. And I could never dislike you. You are like a sister to me. Just think, if the plan works out, we will truly be sisters. Consider how marvelous it would be.”
It would be wonderful to be a part of Sarah’s family, but only if Lord Roseington could be happy with her. What if he could not? Then, it would be a disaster. Could she live with the ill effects?
Grace stood, walked to the hearth, and placed her hand on the mantle. “I think Lord Roseington is a perfect match, Lady Amelia. Truly, you must realize no man will be instantly happy about being duped into matrimony.” She moved her hand to her hip. “Well, with the exception of Lord Shillington, of course.”
They erupted in a fit of laughter. Images of Lord Shillington dressed to the hilt and bumping into ladies filled Amelia’s mind once again.
She snapped out of her laughing fit. “Lady Sarah, you said your brother is determined to marry this season. What makes you think he has not already decided on a lady?”
Sarah shook her head, causing her blond curls to bounce. “He would have mentioned it.” She drew her brows together. “There are a few ladies he’s been courting, but he’s not seriously considering any of them. I am quite certain of it.”
Amelia locked gazes with Grace. “Do you think it a good idea when Lord Roseington is openly courting other ladies?”
“Indeed I do.” Her no-nonsense tone dominated the room. “It shows he’s searching for a bride. And why should that bride not be you?”
Amelia shrugged her shoulders and sighed. “Very well, Lord Roseington it is.”
Sarah beamed at Amelia. “I am so happy. You just watch. My brother will be happy too. Once he gets past having been duped.”
Amelia grinned, despite her reservations. “I hope you are correct in that assumption.”
“I just know I am. You will see.” Sarah stood up and set about smoothing the crinkles from her tangerine silk gown. “Now that everything is settled, I must be going. I have an appointment at the seamstress to get final touches on my new ball gown.”
The duchess clicked her tongue and sauntered back to her seat. “The man is but part of the plan. Now we must determine how to get Lady Amelia compromised. My ball next week will provide the perfect opportunity. But we still lack a well-laid plan.”
As Amelia fiddled with her crape mourning collar, the duchess glanced her way.
“Because you are staying at my home under my chaperonage, you will be able to attend. However, you will not be allowed to dance.”
Sarah dropped back into her chair with a loud swoosh as her skirts billowed into place. “A few more minutes will not interfere with my appointment.”
“Of course you are right, duchess. Have you any ideas?” Amelia asked.
The duchess tilted her head a margin to the left. “I am afraid not. Do either of you?”
Amelia’s gaze met Sarah’s. She hoped for inspiration, but did not find it. “As much as I desire to attend, I think it may be easier to pull off a plan if I refrain.”
Sarah folded her hands back into her lap. “Nor have I, but you are quite right. If you linger nearby the ballroom we can find a way to bring him to you. But how?”
Amelia nibbled her bottom lip. “I have not the slightest inkling”
“Well then, we shall have to ponder the matter further. You should join us at Abernathy House for luncheon tomorrow, Lady Sarah. Then we can discuss our course of action.” Grace’s head dipped, setting her pearl earbobs dancing.
Sarah found her footing once again. “I think it is a grand idea. Now I must be on my way.”
As she bid her friend adieu, Amelia prayed they would come up with something tomorrow.

Chapter 4

Upon her arrival at Grace’s townhouse, Amelia settled into a large guestroom. It featured a grand mahogany four-post bed against one wall, and an ornate cream-colored vanity on the other. The marble fireplace boasted Roman columns and a carved mantle. A cream and mint floral design papered the walls.
Amelia’s feet sank into the soft cream carpet as she moved across the room to a large window facing the back garden. It let in plenty of daylight, and a mint green chair was positioned next to it. She arranged herself in the chair and gazed out at the garden while she waited for Edna.
Edna breezed into the room moments later to ready Amelia for luncheon.
Unfortunately, she must still wear the drab black parramatta silk and crape mourning garb with a weeping veil. It seemed so out of place in this stately home, and only served to make her sadder. The mourning gowns would make it harder for her to ensnare a husband too. She hated looking like an old widow. What would Grace and Sarah think if she came down wearing a brightly colored day gown?
A mischievous smirk crawled across her face, then quickly faded as she drew her brows together. She would never find out.
Amelia admired Grace’s home as she made her way to luncheon. Despite the number of times she had walked its rooms, they always captured her admiration. Light poured through the grand windows and filled the space, reflecting off looking glasses and knickknacks. Ornate wallpapers in shades of blue, green, red, and cream covered the walls. Beautiful dark oak and mahogany upholstered furniture was situated gracefully about every room.
Amelia studied the large brass chandelier encrusted with jewels that hung above the vast split staircase in the foyer. No doubt she would be at ease here for the duration of her stay. Even the royal family would find the duchess’s townhouse comfortable. She entered through a set of French doors into the dining room and took the chair across from Sarah.
Grace winked at Amelia. “Lady Sarah and I were just sharing ton gossip while we waited for you to arrive.” She lifted her glass, then took a sip before setting it back down. “Please fill your plate. Then we shall discuss your endeavor.”
“Very well, thank you.” Amelia replied.
Tasty-looking morsels dispersed a sensational aroma throughout the room. She inhaled deeply, allowing the mingling scents of sweet treats, ripe fruits, and savory meats to fill her senses. Silver platters heaped with food lined the sideboard. Amelia glanced at the fresh flowers surrounding a candelabrum in the center of the royal blue table runner. Her gaze wandered down to the fine china plate in front of her, framed with silver utensils. All waiting to be filled with sweet and savory morsels to break her fast. A crystal glass sparkled nearby as if to emphasize the beauty and wonder of the rest of the meal. Amelia’s stomach rumbled at the marvelous sight.
She went to the sideboard and selected a variety of meats, cheeses, tarts, and fruit before she sat back down.
Sarah swallowed. “Have you thought of how you will get my brother to compromise you?”
“Not beyond the fact that I will have to steal away with him, or lure him to me, and I am not sure how to accomplish it.” Amelia picked up a strawberry and placed it in her mouth.
“Getting him alone will do you no good at all if someone does not catch you.” Grace shook her head with vigor. “We must formulate a solid plan which ensures you will be found out.”
“My brother is much too honorable to ever truly compromise you, Lady Amelia. The real trick will be in making it appear like he did.” Sarah took another drink from her sparkling crystal glass.
“What if I were to somehow trip us both and land in his arms. Then one of you could come upon us and make a ruckus sure to draw a crowd.” Amelia blinked. “It would work, and if necessary, I could even be so brazen as to kiss him.” She felt heat climb across her cheeks as she looked between her friends.
Sarah stared at Amelia, her eyes shining in the sunlight. “Could you truly... I mean, would you actually throw yourself at him? What if he refused to kiss you back?”
Amelia drew her brows together in contemplation. “I do not suppose it would matter as long as it appeared like he did.”
Grace set her pastry down. “You are quite right; it only matters what people think. If it looks real, the ton will believe that it is.”
Amelia cleared her throat. “During the ball, I will sit in the library reading.” She gazed at Grace. “Honestly, I would be uncomfortable in the ballroom. All I could do is stand around, and everyone would be staring at me wondering how I am getting on.” A stab of regret passed through her at having to forgo her opportunity to participate even in a limited manner. All the same it was for the best.
Grace nodded. “If you are certain that is your desire, I will allow it.”
Amelia smiled half-heartedly. “It is necessary to my plan.” She tilted her head in Sarah’s direction. “You can ask your brother to retrieve a book that the duchess has agreed to lend you.”
Amelia directed her gaze to Grace. “Then when Lord Roseington enters the room, I will find a way to trip into his embrace.” Amelia picked up her glass. “Lady Sarah will wait in the hall until she hears the commotion, then enter the room and catch us.” She took a drink, needing to wet her parched throat.
Sarah grinned at her, a light rosy hue ensconced upon her cheeks. “I will scream at the sight. My racket will surely draw a crowd and you will be compromised.”
“It is perfect, ladies, and sure to work without a hitch.” Grace set her fork down. “The whole ton will come running to witness it. I do not believe I could have devised a better plan myself.”
Amelia’s face lit up at the compliment, and Sarah grinned like a wicked child. The scheme did seem rather fool proof. Once it was done, she would have to wed Lord Roseington and would remain in England permanently. With her heart full of joy she lifted her glass for a celebratory sip.
“Ahem, ladies.” A masculine baritone sounded from behind her.
Amelia stood and turned around to see who had intruded on their meal. Her gaze landed on the most perfect man she had ever seen. Tall and muscular with onyx hair and gorgeous sapphire eyes. A peculiar jolt of tingles ran through her body as their gazes met. Her mind raced as she tried to figure out who he might be.
Grace walked toward him. “Come in, dear; join us and have some lunch, won’t you?” She motioned with her head toward Amelia and Sarah. “Allow me to introduce Lady Sarah, Marquess Havenshire’s daughter, and Lady Amelia, the Viscountess of Everthorne. She is staying here under my chaperonage.”
With another slight bow, he said, “It is my honor to make your acquaintances.” His gaze met Amelia’s again as he straightened back to his full height. A rakish grin sat proudly upon on his full lips.
“Ladies, this is my nephew, the Duke of Goldstone.”
Amelia smiled back at him, her knees suddenly weak.
“It is lovely to meet you, Your Grace.”
Sarah’s greeting broke through the sudden fog clouding Amelia’s mind. “Pleased to meet you, Your Grace,” Amelia replied. How had she not known about him?
Grace motioned for him to join them as she took her seat, signaling them to sit back down. Amelia nibbled her bottom lip as she watched him move.
“I assure you the pleasure is all mine, ladies.” He lowered himself into a chair.
Amelia’s stomach tightened. What if he heard them talking before he came in? Her heartbeat quickened to the point that she could feel the blood pulsing through her veins. He could ruin everything, or worse, think poorly of her. No longer hungry, she folded her hands in her lap. Why did she care what a stranger thought of her? She needed to get hold of herself. As hard as she tried to keep from looking at him, her gaze kept wondering back.
“The Duke of Goldstone will be staying here for the remainder of the season.” Grace grinned in Amelia’s direction, then turned her attention back to him. “I had not expected you to be joining us for luncheon, dear”
“I finished my business earlier than planned.” He took a seat, smiling at Grace. “When I return home to Glasgow it will be with good news, but I do not wish to bore you ladies with my business matters.”
Amelia’s heart skipped a beat. Glasgow. He’s from Scotland.
Grace set her fork down. “You could never bore me, Richard. I love hearing about your business, and you are well aware of the fact.”
He replied, “All the same I will spare you the details.”
His masculine voice wrapped around Amelia, and an odd flutter took hold in her abdomen. She had never responded to a man in this way before, but somehow knew it to be a dangerous reaction. She needed to get away. “If you will excuse me, I am suddenly in need of rest.”
“Yes, of course, dear. I will see you this evening,” Grace said.
The duke winked at her as she exited her chair. Heat flared in her core, spreading through her body. Mercy, the man was unsettling. She exited the room without another glance in his direction.
* * * *
Richard strolled to the sideboard and topped of his tumbler of whisky. Why had his aunt failed to mention her other house guest? Had he known a beautiful young woman would be in residence, he would not have committed to staying for the whole season. But then, the lady wore mourning weeds. Could she be a widow? It would explain her title. “Viscountess of Everthorne.” The words rolled smoothly off of his tongue.
No. A widow, no matter how young, would not have need of a chaperone. Something else was going on. But what? He moved to the window. The sun poured through it warming him almost as much as the liquor. Or was it the memory of how taken he’d been with Lady Amelia’s beauty that warmed him? Bloody hell.
“There you are, dear. I thought we might spend some time together.”
He turned his head as Aunt Grace breezed into the room. “I was just thinking of you.” Rather he was thinking of Aunt Grace’s house guest, but he would not admit to that. He sat on the settee across from her.
“Then my timing is serendipitous.” She flipped open her fan.
“I am curious how you came to be Lady Amelia’s chaperone.” He studied his aunt as he waited for her answer.
“Lady Amelia is a lovely girl who has unfortunately experienced a loss. Her father passed away leaving her under the guardianship of her American uncle. A splendid gentleman, but he wishes for her to move there. The poor dear needed more time here in London to get her affairs in order. I offered to help is all.” Aunt Grace smiled sweetly.
He arched a brow, not at all convinced she had told him the entire truth. “When do your duties to Lady Amelia cease?”
“Her uncle has granted her one month to settle her affairs after which she will sail to America.” Aunt Grace tipped her head to the side, studding him in an unsettling way.
He brought the tumbler to his lips, draining the remainder of his whisky.
“You should take the time to get to know her. She truly is a lovely lady.”
“So you have said.” He rose to retrieve the decanter.
“Because it is the truth and I believe the two of you would get on well with each other.”
What had begun as a pleasant enough conversation had somehow turned into a rather unsettling one. He swallowed hard. “I am not in the market for female companionship, Aunt Grace. Promise me you are not turning into one of those tiresome matchmaking dowagers?”
She chuckled. “Of course not dear, but we are all living under the same roof. Would it harm you to befriend her?”
The very idea sent a chill through his marrow. Getting to know her could do far more than harm. The lady was a stunning slip of a thing with sea green eyes and dark curly hair he would love to run his fingers through. Her plump lips were made for kissing… He shook the thoughts away. “Let us talk of something else. Tell me, how you have been keeping busy since my last visit?”
He settled in, content to listen to her prattle on about anything other than Lady Amelia. She was a subject he no longer wished to explore.

Chapter 5

Amelia’s horse shifted under her to nibble at the grass as she admired the park’s vegetation. Lush greenery surrounded her, speckled with bits of color where flowering bushes bloomed.
Grace agreed to allow one of her footman to chaperone Amelia on a morning ride. But only after Amelia told her it would do her good to get on a horse again. Riding had been such a big part of her life before Papa’s death. She hadn’t ridden in over a fortnight, and desperately missed it.
The only thing she enjoyed more than nature was sitting atop a fine muscular beast. Papa bought Amelia her first horse at the age of three. And Mama gave her lessons daily, ensuring she became an accomplished horsewoman. Ever since girlhood, she had enjoyed a daily ride. As a result, she became overjoyed when Grace ordered Ruby brought to Abernathy House and placed in the stables.
Amelia caught sight of Sarah riding toward her. She tapped her heel on Ruby’s side, urging her into a gentle canter. Sarah waved before pushing her own mount into a faster walk. As they approached one another, they pulled their reins, slowing their horses.
Sarah tipped her head at Amelia.
“Good day, Lady Sarah,” Amelia said, greeting her with proper etiquette in case anyone should overhear.
Sarah smiled. “Good day, Lady Amelia. It’s good to see you out enjoying a ride.”
“It is a beautiful morning for it, and I have missed being on Ruby. Would you care to join me, Lady Sarah?” Amelia asked, with the required formality.
Sarah gazed at her with a crooked grin. “I would be happy to join you.”
Amelia nodded at Sarah and turned Ruby toward a more secluded area. She wanted a bit of privacy.
Sarah rode next to her and guided her own mount to keep pace with Ruby. “How is everything at Abernathy House?”
“I am getting on just fine. It is a splendid home, and Her Grace is the perfect hostess.” Amelia glanced about surreptitiously to see if they had managed to find the privacy they sought. The trail they entered was not as popular with riders as the one they were leaving behind. It was much narrower and quite outside of the landscaped boundaries favored by most.
Amelia loosened the reins so Ruby could chew the long, lush grass while they conversed. “The Duke of Goldstone is quite a surprise. I had no idea Her Grace had a nephew from Scotland.” She moved one hand from the saddle to her lap. “I cannot imagine why she did not tell me about him before.” Amelia shook her head slightly, and hoped Sarah would engage in her chosen subject.
“Nor can I.” Sarah shook her head. “But she must have had her reasons. Perhaps it simply never occurred to her with everything else going on. It is likely the ball and your coming to stay with her made her forget to mention it.”
Sarah’s horse sidestepped, causing her to grab the reins. “Has an opportunity arisen for you to become better acquainted with him?”
Amelia slid further into her saddle. “As a matter of fact, I have hardly seen him since the day he arrived. I spend most of my time either in the library or promenading through the gardens. The duchess and I only enjoy each other’s company at tea and meal times, and she hasn’t mentioned much about His Grace.” Her pulse quickened at the mere thought of the duke.
Sarah tilted her chin slightly. “I made mention of him when I arrived home that day after luncheon. Papa said the Duke of Goldstone moved to Scotland when he inherited a distant relative’s lands and title.” Sarah moved one hand to her lap. “Prior to that, he resided in Leeds. Papa said the duke’s father was an earl, and the duke now holds that title as well.”
Leeds. “I cannot imagine what brought him to London for the remainder of the season. It is quite far from Glasgow,” Amelia said, pursing her lips in contemplation. “Never mind that the Scottish have their own season.”
“Business, I imagine, leastwise that is what I gathered from what he said.”
Amelia picked a piece of lint off of her riding habit. “I have a hard time believing his business will take our whole season.”
“Whatever the reason, I am glad he came.” Sarah’s face lit in a smile so bright, it rivaled the sunbeams washing over them. “I am hoping to dance with him tomorrow night.”
Amelia grimaced at the image that formed in her mind of Sarah in the duke’s masculine arms. What was wrong with her? She did not want a Scottish gentleman; she would marry Lord Roseington and live happily in England. Forever.
Amelia forced a grin back onto her lips. “Have you taken a fancy to the Duke of Goldstone?”
Sarah glanced away, “I most certainly have not; why, I hardly know the man.” She gazed back at Amelia with fluttering eyelashes. “Though he is nice to look at, and I do find him interesting.” Sarah’s cheeks blushed, giving away her secret.
“It’s true, Sarah. You do fancy him. That blush across your cheeks says it all.” Amelia should encourage Sarah, be happy that she fancied someone. Why did she feel so vexed?
Sarah locked her perplexed eyes on Amelia. “Stop teasing me. I simply want to become better acquainted with him.” Her blush deepened to a scarlet hue. “I am not intending to marry this season. And if I were, it would not be to a Scottish lord. I will only marry for true love. It takes more than a season for such an emotion to form.”
Amelia grinned at Sarah’s obvious discomfort.
“Of course not, Sarah. Please do forgive me. I aught not to have teased you. I did not mean to cause you any discomfort. You are my dearest friend. I am just nervous about tomorrow night. It’s muddling my thinking.” She smiled in apology.
Sarah nodded her head. “I am such a goose, Amelia. Naturally you’d be nervous. And here I am going on about myself.” She sighed. “I am confident things will go as planned with my dear brother. So you see, there is nothing to be worried about.”
Amelia glanced down at Ruby, who sniffed at a patch of green and yellow weeds, then back at Sarah. “Of course, you are right. I mean, truly, what could go wrong?” She paused for a moment, catching her breath. “All the same, it is unnerving. I keep trying to figure out how to land in your brother’s arms without making a complete ninny out of myself.”
Crunching noises nearby caused Amelia to jump and startle her mount. She pulled on the reins while cooing to the horse in an attempt to settle it back down. What if someone heard them? Amelia’s gaze landed on a squirrel moving the branches overhead.
Sarah giggled, and peered up at the intruder. “I daresay you are on edge today. You must relax before you drive yourself mad. Your secrets are surely safe in a rodent’s care.” Sarah began to giggle again, and her horse danced beneath her.
Amelia shrugged her shoulders. “Perhaps I need a small distraction. Let us ride back toward the main trail. You can tell me all about your ball gown.” Sarah always ordered the latest fashions. A topic that fascinated Amelia more than just a touch, her interest wasn’t at all feigned. Moreover, she needed a change of topic.
She gathered the reins tighter and nudged Ruby with her riding boot. In a moment’s time, they cantered back toward the main areas of the park. Sarah looked every bit the societal lady on her white mare. She sat tall in the sidesaddle, draped in a burgundy riding habit trimmed with creamy lace. Amelia must have appeared frightful next to her in the bleak mourning garb.
Sarah glanced at Amelia. “The seamstress said it enhanced the color of my eyes a great deal and showed my figure off to the best advantage.”
“Do not be a goose. Tell me what the gown looks like.”
“It is the most marvelous ball gown, made of an exquisite royal purple material. There are little crystals scattered about the skirts and neckline as well.” She glanced at Amelia and grinned. “The entire top half is beautifully embroidered in a scrolling white pattern. I even ordered matching gloves with the same embroidery.”
She peered back at Amelia with excitement evident in her expression. “Then I got lucky enough to find a matching fan and feathered hair piece. Can you believe it? I did not even have to order them. Mama and I went into a shop, and there they were, just waiting for me.” She nodded as if confirming she spoke the truth.
Amelia could not help but be a little green with envy. She sighed. “It sounds delightful. I am certain you will be the most elegant lady at the ball.” A part of her wished she, too, could get a new ball gown and dance at the party.
“The hour is growing late. I am afraid I must make my way back to Abernathy House before I start a scandal.” Amelia rolled her eyes toward the bright sun high above their heads. “I will be waiting to see you in that fantastic gown tomorrow night. Do seek me out as soon as it is proper to do so.”
Sarah’s eyes danced with joy. “Of course, Lady Amelia, as soon as I have made my rounds at the ball.”
Amelia pulled her reins, bringing Ruby to a stop. “Until then, Lady Sarah.” She nodded farewell.
Sarah returned the gesture. “Good day, Lady Amelia.”
Amelia watched for a moment as Sarah rode off toward Lady Josephine. How she wished she too could stay and enjoy the company of her peers. Her heart became heavy with the loneliness her grief brought.
Papa had told her not to grieve overmuch. He went so far as to reassure her that he looked forward to passing on and joining her mama. But his declarations hadn’t made his death any easier on her.
With a heavy heart, she gave Ruby a light nudge, setting the horse back into motion. The wind gently blew across her face as she nudged Ruby into a gallop. Would she ever be happy again?
* * * *
Amelia ran her free hand down Ruby’s smooth neck as she used the other to brush the horse’s thick mane. The stable boy wanted to complete the task, but she dismissed him. Taking care of Ruby always brought her joy. She fancied the task and rather saw it as a bonding experience, today being no different. In fact, she needed the distraction and camaraderie now more than ever before. It was imperative for her to clear her mind and prepare for tomorrow. Tending Ruby would help her do just that.
When she was with her horse, everything else in the world melted away. Ruby listened attentively to her rambling, and loved her unconditionally. It mattered not to Amelia that most considered Ruby a beast incapable of human thoughts.
She reached into her pocket, retrieving the smooth red apple she’d saved from breakfast. “Here you are, darling,” she said, holding it out. Ruby gently took the fruit from her palm, and then nodded her head up and down playfully. Amelia continued to stroke Ruby’s muscular shoulder. “My you are a silly beast, and I as well for loving you so much.”
A familiar baritone filled the stall. When she turned away from Ruby, the Duke of Goldstone stood before her laughing. Richard. Her heart skipped a beat as their gazes locked. His sapphire eyes sparkled mischievously, and his boyish grin beckoned her to his lips. Heaven help her, she could not deny her attraction to him.
She mustered all of her strength, begging her knees to hold her upright, and her words to come. “Pray tell, Your Grace, what do you find so exhilarating?” she asked, desperately trying to ignore the unfamiliar feelings overwhelming her body.
His eyebrows shot upward in the most delectable way. “A lady behaving like a stable boy and professing her love for a beast. Why, I have never seen the likes of it,” he said, then commenced to laughing. “It is rather sweet, though odd.”
Every muscle in her body reacted to the sound of his voice, deep and rumbling through her every fiber. His sapphire eyes threatened to suck her in once again. She shook her head, freeing herself from the trance. Anger at his rudeness replaced her previous feelings. Or did he jest? Either way she considered it to be rude. “How dare you laugh at me! Stop it this instant.”
His laughter faded, but the devilish smirk stayed firmly ensconced upon his kissable lips. “If you wish not to be laughed at, then I suggest you act like a lady should. It is only natural for one to laugh at seeing such a flagrant display of affection.”
Lightning shot through her body, and anger warmed her insides. “Perhaps if you acted as a gentleman should, we would not be having this conversation. Go now, and leave me in peace.” She spun, turning her back to him, and waved a hand dismissively.
Lord help her, she felt more than anger. A new throbbing sensation invaded her core, and it took all her strength to remain standing. What was happening to her?
“If I dare say, you are an interesting creature, Lady Amelia.” His chuckle filled the stall once again followed by the sound of his retreating footsteps echoing through the stables.
Interesting creature indeed! The duke had fast become the most infuriating man she had ever had the displeasure of spending time with. How dare he presume to know anything about her? What an utter pity he must stay under the same roof as her. She found the way her treacherous body behaved around him to be most unsettling. Amelia wanted to slap him and kiss him at the same time. She wished he would just go back to Scotland. And the sooner the better.
She turned her attention back to Ruby. “Well darling, what do you think about that?” The horse shook her head and snorted in answer. “I could not agree with you more,” Amelia said. She turned and left the stall.

Chapter 6

Amelia clutched a copy of Old Saint Paul’s written by William Harrison Ainsworth. She desperately tried to read the words on the page in front of her. The novel and its story of historical London had infatuated her yesterday. As tales of the great plague unfolded, she could not take her eyes from the pages. Tonight her attention remained riveted on the quartet’s music that seeped into the library. Trying to ignore it proved impossible. She marked her spot in the book, then placed it on the table next to her.
The longer she waited for Sarah to appear, the more restless she became. She stood up and paced between the warm crackling fire that danced in the hearth and the wall lined with leather bound books across from it. The duchess’s library was extensive, and included titles from all of the world’s most noteworthy authors. It seemed entirely possible that one could learn about any topic desired from the novels contained on those shelves.
Music drifting from the ballroom reverberated through the library and filled her head as she paced. Oh, how she wished to dance! What would it hurt if she did? She was quite alone. Amelia abandoned propriety and twirled, her feet carrying her across the great expanse. The rhythm of the quartet washed over her like a soothing salve for her soul. It relaxed her in varying degrees. She imagined herself wearing a stunning ball gown and dancing in the arms of the Duke of Goldstone. In life, he proved to be an infuriating Scottish lord, but in her fantasy...he became an English lord, and quite pleasant to spend time with.
A blush crept across her cheeks as she imagined him whispering sweet nothings into her ear. Amelia twirled back toward the hearth, batting her lashes in a flirtatious way, then smiled and curtsied to her imaginary partner as the song reached its conclusion. Smirking at her mischievousness, she sauntered back to the settee before retrieving her book from the table. Surely she would be able to focus now. She opened it, her gaze settling on the words. But her loneliness and grief crept back in. Her chest tightened with sorrow as she recalled the last time she danced with papa. The scent of his cologne, the expert way he guided her through the dance. She had felt safe in his strong embrace. Papa always had that effect on her. Dashing away the tears with her handkerchief, she attempted to read.
“In the plague-pit,” replied Pillichody. “I attended him during his illness. It was his second attack of the disorder. He spoke of you.”
“Did he--dear little fellow!” she exclaimed. “Oh, what did he say?”
“‘Tell her,’ he cried,” rejoined Pillichody, “‘that my last thoughts were of her.’“
Her tears flowed freely as she closed the book. Reading about death would not help her to escape her own sorrow. Upon standing, she walked to the large window and worked to regain her composure while she gazed out at the stars.
A swish of skirts pulled her attention back to her surroundings. She turned from the window and her gaze landed on Sarah standing in the doorway. The color of her new gown did accentuate her eyes, making them appear richer and darker. The color and design of the frock complemented her well indeed. “You are positively breathtaking, Sarah! Every lord here will sign your dance card.” Amelia beamed at her.
Sarah spun around and her skirts flared out around her. “Did I not tell you it was a marvelous gown? The dressmaker certainly outdid herself.” Sarah brushed her hand across her skirt. “I feel like royalty adorned in such a stunning gown.”
Amelia smiled despite her sullen mood. “It is perfect, Sarah, and you are quite right. It does become you.”
“How you flatter me, Amelia. You are causing a blush.” Sarah opened her fan and attempted to cool her face. “Have you decided how to become entwined in my brother’s arms?” She grinned deviously.
No, I have thought only of the Duke of Goldstone. Amelia sighed. “I have a few ideas. When do you plan to send him in?”
“I am thinking after the midnight meal so the ball does not get ruined by the scandal. Once you are caught, it is all anyone will want to speak of. Surely it will put a damper on the festivities,” Sarah said.
“I hate to wait that long, but alas, you are right. No one will care much about the ball after my little scene.” Her cheeks warmed. “It would be disrespectful of me to take away Her Grace’s success with my scandal.” Amelia glanced toward the door, then back to Sarah. “You’d better be going.”
“Yes, people will start to wonder where I have gone. I will be back following the meal.” Sarah’s face lit with excitement when she turned and disappeared from the room, leaving Amelia to her own devices. The next time she saw Sarah, it would be from the confines of Lord Roseington’s arms. She had found the thought of it exciting just a few days hence. Now it seemed to have lost a great deal of its previous appeal. True, Lord Roseington was a rich and handsome lord, but he failed to cause the delicious strange feelings that tormented her when the Duke of Goldstone came near. Why?
She did not love the duke. In fact, Amelia could barely tolerate the rogue. Of course, she did not love Lord Roseington either. Both men were attractive, but she got on better with Lord Roseington. His company was quite pleasurable, unlike the duke who was positively vexing. What did it matter anyway? She did not need to feel internal flutters in order to marry a man. Mama once told her desire could be dangerous; that must be what she felt around the duke. None of it would matter once she married Lord Roseington, and she would marry him.
Amelia picked the book back up and buried her mind in the fascinating tale it had to share. She read for hours, devoured the tragic history of her beloved London. Tales of death, disease, and fire etched forever into her mind. The story seemed oddly comforting now. It reminded her she was not the only person in history to experience loss. With blurry eyes from focusing on the words at length, she marked her page and set the book aside, suddenly famished. She rose from her position, stretched, then rang for a servant to bring her sustenance.
Her stomach rumbled with the knowledge that Grace’s guests would soon enjoy a ten-course meal to include veal, sherbet, pigeon pie, cheese, and fancy cakes. It was bad enough she could not enjoy the ball. It would be tragic if she did not eat either. Perhaps she shouldn’t have excluded herself. But alas, even if she attended she would not have been allowed to fully engage. No, she was better off here in the library.
After what seemed like hours, but were merely minutes, a servant entered carrying a large silver tray. He made his way to a nearby table and placed several platters upon it. Amelia rose from her perch on the settee and strolled to the table, taking the chair the servant pulled out for her. Samplings of all the dishes prepared for the ball sat displayed across the table. The appearance and aroma enticed her. “Thank you. I will ring when I have finished.”
“Yes, Lady Amelia.” The servant walked out, leaving Amelia to her meal.
She ate greedily, consuming as much of the fine food as her corseted waist would allow. Feeling satisfied, she summoned a servant to take away what remained. The task had barely been completed when she heard the telltale chiming that announced the midnight meal. Apprehension mixed with excitement cascaded through her body. Lord Roseington would enter her trap soon.
After moving to a chaise she arranged herself in an attractive manner, her skirts smoothed out and torso regally straight. Picking up her needlework, she set about embroidering. She wanted to be the perfect image of a refined lady when Lord Roseington entered the room. Pushing and pulling the needle along, she worked at forming delicate daisies on the cloth that would become a handkerchief for the duchess. Amelia planned to gift it as a way to thank Grace for assisting in her endeavor.
Amelia’s heart soared when she heard music drifting once again into the library. At any moment, he would enter and she would be ready. In and out the needle moved as she imagined how she would land in Lord Roseington’s arms. The clearing of a voice garnered her attention. She looked up into his eyes.
“Lady Amelia, how nice to see you.” Lord Roseington moved farther into the room. “I hope I am not intruding. Lady Sarah has requested me to retrieve a novel for her,” he explained, a cautious smile on his face.
Amelia beamed back, in an attempt to make herself visually appealing despite the widow’s weeds. “You are no intrusion at all,” she replied. “Quite the opposite really, I am happy to see a kind face. My days have grown so desolate and boring.” Amelia sighed audibly. “Oh how I do go on. I am sorry, Lord Roseington. Please get what you came for and forget what I have said.”
He scowled, “How am I to forget a dear friend’s sorrow? Would it help ease your burden if I stayed for a moment?”
She continued to gaze into his hazel eyes, noticing their color for the first time. “Actually, Lord Roseington, if you truly want to help me feel better”--she batted her lashes--“what I desire the most at this moment is to dance.” She smiled sweetly, but noticed her body’s lack of reaction to him. Where were the tingles? The racing pulse brought on by the duke? Lord Roseington was just as handsome. Why did she feel nothing in his presence?
Lord Roseington appeared thoughtful for a moment, then frowned deeply. “Lady Amelia, I care about your comfort but...”
“I know it is scandalous. Forgive me, I should not have asked. I am just so weary of mourning, and isolation; I thought a dance would help me forget, if only for a moment.” She turned and walked toward the hearth, feigning embarrassment.
“You must not be upset, Lady Amelia. One dance will be all right. I do not suppose it would hurt anyone.”
She slowly turned to face him and placed her hand in his outstretched one. “Thank you, Lord Roseington. I adore dancing, and it has been saddening me a great deal to sit in here and hear the quartet play, knowing all the while that I could not dance among my peers.”
He held her in the proper manner. “I assure you, Lady Amelia, it is my honor to dance with you.”
She tipped her chin up, making contact with his hazel eyes, and giggled. His arms felt warm and strong wrapped around her as they waltzed across the library, but she could not help but wonder why she did not feel excited. Focus on the plan, Amelia. She listened carefully to the music.
Amelia misstepped, effectively tripping him, as the music came to an end. Lord Roseington fell onto the chaise, where she landed in his lap. His arms wrapped tightly around her small waist. Amelia placed her hands behind his neck with ease and looked into his eyes. “Please forgive my clumsiness. I do not know what came over me.” She grinned when his eyes seemed to soften.
“You have no reason to apologize.” He turned his head toward the room’s entrance, then stood so quickly that she stumbled before finding her footing.
Amelia followed his stare, fully expecting to see Lady Sarah standing there. Her heart skipped a beat. The Duke of Goldstone filled the space, and her gaze locked with his. She glanced back at Lord Roseington, who paled considerably.
Lord Roseington stepped away from her. “I came to retrieve a book for my sister; this is not what it looks like. Lady Amelia tripped and--”
“You have no need to explain to me, Roseington. I care not what you do.” He turned his gaze on her and smirked roguishly. “Lady Amelia’s reputation will not be tarnished on my account.”
Had he noticed the angry heat ensconced on her cheeks? He peered at her devilishly, then chuckled and shook his head. Amelia’s heart pounded against her ribs and a throbbing developed between her thighs. How did he always manage to make that happen to her?
Lady Sarah traipsed into the room, stopping abruptly at the sight of them. Her eyes met Amelia’s for nary a moment before they turned to her brother, “Pray tell, what is going on here?”
His Grace answered, “Nothing at all. Roseington came to get your book and I came to check on Lady Amelia.” He did not allow anyone else the chance to speak. “Come now, Roseington, let us retrieve that novel and leave Lady Amelia in peace. She’s in grieving you know.”
“Of course, Your Grace, you have no need to remind me.” He walked to the bookshelf and pulled one of the leather bound volumes. Turning abruptly, he moved to his sister’s side. “Here you are,” he said, handing her the book. Then took her elbow and led her away, leaving Amelia alone with the Duke of Goldstone.
The rogue came so close she could feel his warm breath against her skin as his smoldering eyes locked on hers. A million new sensations coursed through her body and the throbbing intensified.
“Fear not, Amelia. I meant what I said; all of your secrets are safe with me.” He turned and sauntered from the room without uttering another word.

Chapter 7

Amelia threw herself across the bed and fumed over the audacity of the duke. Then marveled at the way he had made her feel. Captivated and angry at the same time, but for different reasons. The nerve of him; he had even taken liberties with her name! He had called her Amelia as if it were natural to do so. Who did he think he was to refer to her in such an intimate way? As if his dreadful manors weren’t bad enough, he ruined her plan too.
She rolled onto one side. Gathering her blanket to her chest, she hugged a bunched-up area of it. She should have smacked him across his smug face. A sigh escaped her lips. Maybe he honestly meant to shield her from harm. Perhaps he believed he had done her a good deed, saving her reputation from certain ruin. How could he have known she wished to become compromised?
Another opportunity would soon present, and she would make sure nothing got in the way. Grace planned to host a dinner party next week, and Lord Roseington’s name appeared on the guest list. Amelia would make her move and succeed. She rolled onto her back, then opened her eyes and lay staring at the ceiling. Music from the ball seeped into her bedchamber like a serene lullaby. She closed her eyes and focused on it.

Candles flickered and their light illuminated the room around her, bounced off the walls, and cast shadows on the dance floor. Fresh flowers were scattered about in a romantic way and the quartet played a waltz. Lords and ladies dressed for the occasion in silks, velvets, and jewels danced all around her.
The Duke of Goldstone…no, Richard, approached as she entered the grand room. “You are a vision of loveliness in crimson and lace,” he said with a bow.
Amelia replied, “Oh, how you do go on,” then blushed a becoming shade of pink.
Richard smiled, his whole face lighting up. “May I have the honor of this dance?”
Amelia placed her hand in his and allowed him to escort her onto the dance floor. As he took her into his arms, her body warmed. He held her scandalously close. She threaded her fingers through his hair. They glided gracefully across the marble dance floor, eyes locked, unable to tear their gazes from one another.
“Amelia, my dear, I seem to be enchanted by you. I can no longer imagine my life without you in it,” Richard whispered in her ear. She beamed and tilted her head to accept his kiss.

Amelia sprang into an upright position, shaking the bird-witted thoughts from her mind. “I despise the Duke of Goldstone. I have chosen to marry Lord Roseington, and it is precisely what I am going to do.” Still, she could kiss the duke...one kiss would not hurt anyone. Then he would be out of her system, and she could focus on marrying Lord Roseington.
Her heartbeat increased. It was exactly what she would do. The next time she found herself alone with the duke, she would kiss him. After that, she would not think about him anymore. All of her attention would turn to Lord Roseington. Amelia felt much better as she lay back down and soon drifted into a peaceful, dreamless sleep.
* * * *
Richard entered the office, moving straight to the whisky decanter. The sight of Lady Amelia so intimately rapped in Roseington’s arms had sent a jolt straight through his core. Even now his hands shook. The urge to harm Roseington startled him. Why did he care so much for the chit? She clearly meant trouble.
He poured a glass, drained it, then poured another. Were they lovers? Roseington had looked mortified over being caught with her. Perhaps he did not wish to become trapped. Richard strolled to the window. Torches lit the garden below and he focused on one of their flickering flames. Lady Amelia had appeared more angry than embarrassed. Why?
Perhaps she hoped to ensnare the lord? He drummed his fingers upon the side of his glass. No, she did not wish to be compromised. Had her plan been to trap Roseington, she surly would not have been angry over getting caught with him. But then, why had she remained angry after he promised to protect her? The woman proved a mystery.
He conjured her image to mind. Her green eyes had been burned into his soul since their first meeting. Thinking of them now made him want to seek her out and hold her as Roseington had. He longed to feel her perfect lips on his, to taste her sweetness.
Had Roseington kissed her? His blood heated once again. He lifted his glass, relishing the smooth burn of the whisky as it trailed down his throat.
Whatever Lady Amelia played at, Aunt Grace had knowledge of it. He moved to set his glass back on the sideboard before strolling from the room. He would know her game as well, and sooner rather than later.
* * * *
Grace’s garden boasted neat paths lined with an abundance of bright flowers and foliage. Amelia gravitated toward the large stone fountain in its center. The sun warmed her under the parasol as she meandered along the cobblestones. She admired the tulips in various shades surrounding the flowering trees. A small bit of heaven right here in her beloved London. She stopped a few times to smell the wisteria and daffodils as she traveled deeper into the immense garden.
The smell of spring flowers wrapped around her and comforted her mind. Memories of childhood came flooding back to her. She and Mama used to walk frequently at Everthorne. Amelia used to dance along the paths, chattering nonstop about whatever happened to be on her mind. Mama would encourage her, acting as though every word she uttered carried the utmost significance. How she wished Mama were here now.
She caught sight of the impressive stone fountain and quickened her pace. Adorned with sculpted roses, it featured a statue in the center depicting lovers in a tender embrace. Water flowed from between them, creating a curtain of secrecy around them before landing in the fountain’s base. It was a beautiful scene that evoked thoughts of love, and strangely, made her think of the Duke of Goldstone.
With a sigh, she positioned herself on the fountain’s edge. The first time she laid eyes on the work of art, she was a bright-eyed debutante embarking on her first season. It captured her imagination and made her dream of finding true love. She had vowed to herself in the fountain’s presence to marry for love, or die an old maid. Amelia leaned over a bit and peered at her reflection in the rippling water. That vow seemed like a million years ago. Love no longer mattered; it could not. She reached a hand into the water and glided her fingers across the surface, further distorting her image. Nothing other than staying in England mattered now. Everything she had was here. Her parents would always be here, and she could not abandon them. Who would tend their graves? Protect the things they had spent their lives building or maintaining?
“A shilling for your thoughts, Lady Amelia.”
She jerked her hand from the water and looked up into the duke’s sapphire eyes. Her pulse quickened as she replied, “You are up and about rather early given last night’s ball.” No way would she share her musings with him.
He grinned. “I always go for a morning ride. There is nothing more serene than watching the sunrise wash the landscape in color.” He swept his arm out in an arch indicating the scenery. “What brings you out at this hour?”
Standing up, she took a step away from him in an effort to calm her trifling body. “I had the impression everyone remained sleeping.” She gazed up through her lashes. “I needed something to occupy my time.” He stepped closer to her, so close that she could feel his breath and see the pulse that beat just beneath the skin of his neck. Her nerve endings tingled as she breathed his scent, relishing the musky aroma. “I stopped to admire the fountain. It’s a wonderful piece of art.”
“Indeed,” he said. His gaze fused with hers.
She tipped her chin up, aimed her lips at his, and rose onto her toes. When their lips touched, a tingling sensation ran through her. The warmth and softness of his mouth caused her body to cry out for something she did not understand. Amelia twined her fingers into his soft onyx locks. She wanted this moment to last forever. His tongue lightly wet her lips as he pulled her closer. She parted them on instinct, wanting what he offered. Never could she have imagined something so divine.
Suddenly, he broke the kiss, and stepped away from her. “I do not--”
She raised her chin defiantly. “Forgive me, Your Grace, I know not what I do.” She waved her hand and continued, “Something just came over me.”
His eyes glowed. Whether in pleasure or anger, she wasn’t sure.
“It seems to me you know exactly what you do. If that little show last night wasn’t enough proof, this display certainly is.” His tone cut through her.
Anger crept in and her body began to shake. “Last night is none of your concern. You can forget about our kiss as well. I assure you it will not happen again.”
“Please use my given name. Now that you have compromised me, Richard will do just fine.” He smirked roguishly. “As for your little game, Amelia, I intend to figure out exactly what you are up to.”
She swung her right hand through the air, effectively landing it palm down across his chiseled cheekbone. With her heart racing, she spun around and ran for the house, her skirts clutched tightly with both hands. His boisterous chuckle followed her every step of the way.
Upon entering her chamber, she collapsed on the vanity stool, catching her head in her hands. Hot tears flowed freely to pool in her palms. What a mess she had made. Her shoulders quivered as intense waves of emotion washed through her. He’d ruin everything. Discover her plan and warn Lord Roseington off. Why did he even care? She sobbed harder. Why did that kiss have to feel so right? Why didn’t she feel the same pull with Lord Roseington?
Sobbing would get her nowhere. Inhaling a deep breath, she straightened her back and wiped away the tears that now stained her face. The Duke of Goldstone proved to be a positively vexing man who meant nothing to her. The strange feelings were little more than warning bells telling her to stay away, to stop daydreaming about him. From this moment on, heaven help her, she would forget about the scoundrel.
Now that you have compromised me. Lord, how could she have been so foolish? What if he insisted she marry him? No, she would not consider the possibility. She shook her head. He would not make such a demand.
She gazed at her image in the looking glass. “Amelia Cosgrove, you will marry Lord Roseington. There is not a thing His Grace, the insufferable Duke of Goldstone, can do about it.” She grinned at her reflection. After all, she remained determined. And with Grace, as well as Sarah, on her side she did not see how she could fail. Surely by this time next week she would be engaged to Lord Roseington. Richard would become nothing more than an unpleasant memory. Amelia nibbled her lower lip. Richard.

Chapter 8

Amelia set her cross-stitching aside, stood, and stretched her fingers. She could not tolerate much more of this isolation. Thank God Sarah planned to come for tea today; she needed human interaction. Glancing out the window, nature’s awe-inspiring display tugged at her heart. She retrieved her shawl and parasol, then wandered out into the magnificent sunshine.
The fresh morning air wrapped her in its divine warmth. Breathing deeply, she allowed it to wash over her. Being out in nature liberated her spirit. She felt lighthearted and hopeful as she traipsed merrily along the path. Her eyes landed on the ornate stone fountain and traveled up to the lover’s embrace. Memories of the duke flooded her mind, causing tingles to radiate through her core. Closing her eyes, she relived the moment their lips touched for the first time. His pressed gently against hers...scandalous sensations coursed through her body...then, nothing. He pulled away, leaving her embarrassed.
Startled by the sound of footsteps, she opened her eyes and spun to gaze over her shoulder. “Duchess.” Amelia smiled with both pleasure and relief at the sight of her friend. A sigh of respite escaped her lips. She was grateful it was not the duke standing before her.
“My apologies, dear. It was not my intention to sneak up on you.” Grace twirled her parasol. “We have not had much time to visit these last several days. When I saw you head out, it seemed the perfect opportunity to join you.”
Amelia smiled. “I am pleased you did. I have missed your companionship.” She nodded at the path. “Shall we walk? And do tell me what you have been up to these last few days.” They turned and followed the path to their left.
“Yes indeed. It is a perfect day for walking, and I have much to relay.”
Amelia nodded. “I want to hear every morsel. Do not exclude a thing. The tiniest detail is exciting to one who has not experienced it.”
Amelia took in the scenery as they continued along the path. Her gaze roomed over the statues and fountains they passed.
“Well, as you know, I attended the Marchioness’s soirée and a ball at the royal court. Then there was a dinner at the Duke of Hallow’s.”
“What did the queen wear? Was she draped in jewels?” Amelia’s cheeks warmed at her own forwardness.
“Indeed, pearls and rubies both. Her gown was gold brocade and ruby silk. She appeared every inch a royal, as she rightly must.”
“I know it is wrong of me to say, but I wish I had been present. I am weary of being excluded in the name of propriety. Do forgive my wickedness.” She sighed.
“You are not wicked, Amelia, just young and wild-natured.” The duchess winked at her. “I would not see you changed. As for propriety, you must adhere to society’s rules, or you would be excluded all the same.”
Amelia slanted her gaze toward the duchess. “All the same, I will be elated when these drab gowns meet the fire burning in my hearth.”
Grace placed her hand gently on Amelia’s shoulder. “In due time, dear.”
“It is true, I miss Papa terribly. I just do not believe I must wear these awful gowns to show it,” Amelia replied.
“Of course not, dear. Why, I still mourn my late husband, but am happy not to be in widow’s weeds. Do not feel bad for wanting to live.” Grace removed her hand from Amelia’s shoulder.
Amelia allowed the scenery and sounds of nature to consume her as they continued along.
They veered onto a new path, and Grace said, “Are you ready to try your plan again at tomorrow’s dinner party?”
“Yes, and I am certain it will lead to an engagement this time.” Amelia scowled. “So long as the Duke of Goldstone stays out of my way.”
“Please do not be cross with him. I am sure he intended to protect you.” The duchess grinned.
“Of course he did. How could he have thought otherwise? I will not mention it again.”
She would never forgive the blackguard for what he had done. Not only did he ruin her plan, but more important, he had cast her aside.
Grace stopped suddenly, “Do you hear that?”
“Yes indeed. It is beautiful.”
“That is the song of a meadow pipit.” She turned her head and searched the surrounding landscape, and then pointed her finger toward the left. “See, there it is.”
Amelia’s eyes followed her direction. “What a marvelous creature.”
“Meadow pipits are my favorite. That one appears to be searching for lunch.” Grace dropped her arm to her side.
“Speaking of such, we had better be getting back. Lady Sarah will be arriving for tea shortly.”
“You are quite right. We must not linger.”
Amelia enjoyed the fresh air and scenery as they made their way back to the house. Memories the kiss she shared with the duke, and the pressing need to trap Lord Roseington, consumed her. She hated that the duke remained on her mind.
Amelia handed her parasol to the butler when she entered. Grace did the same. “Your Grace, Lady Sarah’s waiting in the drawing room.”
“Thank you, Desmond. That’ll be all.” Grace dismissed him with the wave of a hand.
Amelia entered the room and seated herself across from Sarah. “I am so glad to see you; you look wonderful. Has it truly only been four days? It seems like forever.”
Amelia missed her daily teas with Sarah. Their families’ country estates were situated in close proximity, and their townhouses directly across from one another.
“It certainly does seem as though it has been a long time,” Sarah replied.
Grace chuckled. “Welcome, Lady Sarah. I am pleased you could join us.”
“I would be hard-pressed to turn down the invitation of a duchess.” Sarah smirked mischievously.
“Indeed you would; though I hope you are fonder of me than of my title,” Grace said, taking the winged chair next to Amelia. She reached out to the teacart and retrieved a cup, then motioned for Sarah and Amelia to do the same.
“Titles mean little if the people behind them are not worthy,” Sarah admonished as she lifted her cup.
“This tea is divine,” Amelia said.
Grace smiled. “It came from the Orient. A gift from my nephew. He is always so thoughtful.”
Amelia set her cup back on the silver tray and directed her gaze toward Sarah. “What kept you away so long?” She tilted her head and awaited Sarah’s response, desperately needing to change the subject of their conversation.
“Nothing too important, just meeting my social obligations. You understand.” Her eyes sparkled and the corners of her lips curled up. “The season has been busy thus far.”
Grace agreed. “Indeed it has. Last night’s ball...”
Amelia sank back in her chair feeling invisible. She wanted to throw propriety out the window, burn her mourning garb, and don an elegant gown. Why must she continue to mourn when she no longer wished to? It would not bring Papa back, nor was it what he had wanted for her.
* * * *
Richard’s heart squeezed at the sight of Lady Amelia halfway up the library ladder with her arms outstretched. She wobbled unsteadily and he rushed to her side as she lost her footing. Her hands flailed wildly as she descended toward the ground. Heart pounding, he reached out his arms in hopes of catching her. With a light thud, her soft body came to a rest cradled close to his chest, her head resting against his forearm. “Open your eyes, Amelia. Are you hurt?”
She inhaled deeply, and opened her eyes on exhale.
His blood heated with desire when their gazes met.
“Please, do put me down. I am perfectly fine.”
He held her tighter. “What were you doing up there like that? And all alone?” She could have broken her leg, or worse, her neck.
“It is none of your concern. Put me down.”
Did she not see how foolish her actions were? “As long as we are under the same roof, you are my concern.”
Her eye-color seemed to deepen as his pulse sped up. He brought his lips down on hers, firm and demanding. Amelia returned the kiss fervently, draping her arms over his muscular shoulders. He laid her upon the nearby chaise before meeting her gaze again. The desire reflecting back at him stole any resolve he had. He entwined his fingers in her hair at the base of her neck as he lowered his head to her flesh. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, pulling him closer. He trailed kisses across her silky skin, down her neck and toward the mound of her breasts.
Her body moved with a heathen rhythm beneath him, sending his blood straight to his groin as he came over her. He moved to cup her full breast, kneading it in his palm. She whimpered, and pulled him still closer.
“Do not stop,” Amelia begged breathlessly.
Her words shot through him and he pulled away. What was he doing? For all he knew she was an innocent. Or she could be out to trap a duke. He had yet to discover her game. His heart squeezed at the notion. He could easily lose his heart to her. He already cared for her despite his desire not to. What if she was no different from Lady Ophelia? She reached for him and he stormed out of the library, leaving her to stare after him with confusion filling her eyes.

Chapter 9

Amelia stood by the entrance to the duchess’s townhouse, prepared to help receive guests. Being included in the ton once again was splendid, even if it was only due to her circumstances. Society rules allowed for her to attend the dinner party since she remained in residence and under the duchess’s chaperonage. Unfortunately, the Duke of Goldstone was also part of the receiving line. Knowing he stood so close caused a strange flutter in her belly. She pushed the thoughts away. Tonight she had more important things to occupy her mind.
Carriage wheels ground to a stop in front of Abernathy House, announcing the first guest’s arrival. She fixed a pleasant smile upon her lips and smoothed her skirts one more time.
“Are you ready for this, dear?” Grace asked.
“It seems I have to be.”
“And you, Richard?” Grace beamed at her nephew.
Amelia glanced in his direction before she could stop herself, and their gazes locked.
“There is nowhere I would rather be.”
He said it as though the words were meant only for her. Heat rose across Amelia’s chest and inched up onto her cheeks. The dastardly duke grinned charmingly, then winked before she tore her stare from his.
The Marquess and Marchioness of Havenshire entered the townhouse, followed by Lady Sarah and Lord Roseington. Several other fashionable lords and ladies filed in behind the Marquess’s family. She could not help thinking she must appear positively frightful to them clad in her mourning garb, like an apparition here to suck all the life from the party. Forcing a weak smile back onto her face, she curtsied, greeting the guests one by one, but her heart was not in it.
With all of the guests properly received, Grace and the duke joined them in the parlor. Amelia desired to get away from His Grace and the other guests so she could regain her focus. She could not afford to be distracted tonight. The plan must be her top priority. With Grace’s permission, she returned to her room with a feigned headache. She needed to regroup before mealtime.
Headache indeed, more like body ache. She had to find a way to avoid the duke. How could her body want a man whom her mind despised? It made no sense at all. Perhaps she was fooling herself. What if she did fancy him? It mattered not--he was from Scotland, and she was in need of an English husband. Besides, he made it clear he did not care for her. Not in a romantic way. If he did, he would not have cast her aside so easily. He would not have left her wanting more without so much as a word spoken from his rakish mouth.
Lying back on her bed, she closed her eyes. Lord please let everything work out. Soon, it would be time to rejoin the party, and shortly thereafter she would again attempt to compromise herself with Lord Roseington.
She got out of bed and sauntered to the vanity. The soft carpet padded her steps. Sitting down, Amelia studied her reflection. She had become ghastly pale and strands of hair dangled out of her chignon. Masterfully, she tucked the tresses back into place and pinched some color into her cheeks.
If not for the dreadful mourning garb, she would be attractive. Perhaps the drab gowns were what sent the duke running from her? She moved her hand to her chest and danced her fingers across the crape lining her collar. The dress would be more bearable to wear without the depressing embellishment. With a tight grasp she pulled until it ripped free from the gown. Her door opened and she jumped from the seat, dropping the crape in the process.
“My Lady, Her Grace sent me to retrieve you for meal time,” Edna said, eyeing her in a suspicious way. “What folly have you engaged in?”
“Nothing is amiss, Edna. I simply fixed my hair after taking a little rest. I am ready now.”
“Good heavens child, what happened to your gown?”
Amelia drew her brows together as she studied her ladies maid. “I have removed the crape is all. It’s time I go without it.”
“You will do no such thing. It is not proper. You have not been in mourning long enough to remove it.” Edna pulled a fresh gown from her wardrobe. “Come, let’s get you changed.”
Amelia’s face flushed. “I will do no such thing.” She fled the room, leaving Edna to stare after her. She did not care what anyone thought. Another crape-trimmed gown would not grace her body for as long as she lived. It proved to be as uncomfortable as it was hideous, and made everyone gaze at her with expectant stares. They all waited for her to come apart and make a spectacle. Just as they had at Papa’s funeral. She would stand for it no longer. Her grief belonged to her, not the ton.
She sailed into the dining hall without pause, and took her seat to the right of Grace. Exhaling a deep breath, her gaze caught the duke’s. Of course, he would be seated across from her on Grace’s left; she should have foreseen it. Could this night get any more difficult? She forced a mask of delight onto her face and nodded a greeting. He winked, sending her body into turmoil. Heat crept across her face as she tore her eyes from his. Why did he keep doing such salacious things when he clearly did not want her?
“Have you recovered, dear?” Grace asked.
“Indeed I have, thank you, Duchess.” Amelia smiled at her. “It is a small blessing as I would have detested missing such a sumptuous meal.”
A chorus of laughter filled the room as servers set out the first course. She hadn’t embellished. The food did appear splendid. Unfortunately, she could hardly stomach a bite. If the duke’s scandalous staring were not unsettling enough, she also had the knowledge and all that came with it of what she would soon be doing.
The meal passed by, and despite her discomfort, she managed to find some enjoyment in small talk. All the same, she took delight in seeing it end. She wished to get on with her plan. Failure was not an option. She needed to get Lord Roseington alone and place herself within his arms for the guests to see.
Amelia went with the ladies into the drawing room while the duke took the men to the smoking room for drinks and cigars. She had no desire to waste precious time listening to the ladies exchange gossip. Alas, she plastered on a fake smile and nodded politely as the conversation ensued.
“Amelia, you look positively exhausted.” Lady Sarah smirked mischievously.
“I am afraid the party has been a mite too exciting for me.” She glanced at the ladies near them. “Perhaps I should bid my adieu.”
“Indeed you should. The last thing any of us wants is to have you fall ill from exhaustion.”
Lady Beatrice added, “You poor dear, it is no wonder you would be worn down. Why just to think about what you have been through these last months. It is a wonder you are holding up so well.”
“It has been a trial. Please excuse me, ladies.” Amelia curtsied before she took her leave.
* * * *
Crouching behind an ornate hand-carved bench in the entryway, Amelia watched for Lord Roseington to exit the smoking room. She had to steer him into a vacant room, throw herself into his arms, and make a great racket.
What if he did not come out alone? She had not considered the possibility. Her heart rate soared. She was running out of time. Failing again was not an option.
Raised voices attracted her scrutiny. They carried to her from the smoking room, but she could not make out what was being said. Then the door swung open and Lord Roseington exited the room. Alone.
She held her breath as she watched to make sure no one followed him. After a moment confidence swelled within her and she emerged from her hiding place. She straightened to her full height, and stretched her stiff muscles. With a shudder of anxiety she stepped out into the hall, and crept stealthily after Lord Roseington.
Near enough to touch him, she reached out and grabbed his arm, pulling him into the library.
“What are you doing, Amelia?”
Good question. How should she answer it? Think, think, think!
“I simply must talk to you, Lord Roseington.” She bowed her head and hoped the correct words would come to her.
“Well, you have my attention, please go on.” He gazed at her encouragingly.
She turned, walking toward the hearth, trying to find her words. The fire dancing within it sparked an idea. She turned back to him with forced tears in her eyes.
“It is just...”
Frowning, he moved closer to her. She lowered her head, focusing on sad things--visions flooded her mind, causing the tears to flow more freely. Lord Roseington reached out, placing his hand under her chin and guided her head up. They stared into each other’s eyes. She found herself wishing she gazed into the Duke of Goldstone’s sapphire ones instead.
“My dear, Lady Amelia, please do not cry. I have little idea what to do with a weeping woman.” The corner of his lips tilted up in a lopsided grin.
She directed her gaze toward the floor and wept more loudly. “I am so lonely and scared. I do not know what to do anymore. I feel so lost. How will I go on without Papa? What will become of me? I have no one.” She got the words out in between sobs. The honesty behind them increased her sobs and a lump formed in her throat.
“Surely it is not as bad as all that. You have your uncle, the duchess, and Lady Sarah, as well as countless other friends.” He smiled and removed his hand from under her chin. “Let me go fetch the duchess or Lady Sarah for you. It is not proper for me to be alone with you, and I truly am not equipped to assist you.”
She panicked as he turned to leave and did the only thing that came to mind, backed up close enough to the fire place for the flames to catch her skirts. “I am on fire!” she yelled as she spun around.
Lord Roseington rushed to her side, grabbing a pillow from the chaise as he ran past it. He dropped to his knees, and began swatting at the flames as she feigned panic in hopes of drawing a crowd. When she saw the last bit of flame disappear, she crumpled, landing solidly on his bent knees, sending them both to the floor. She flung her arms around his shoulders and buried her face in his neck. “You saved me. I was so frightened. Thank you.” She enunciated every word in as loud a tone as she could muster.
Lord Roseington wrapped his arms around her and stood up, setting her on her feet. “Everything is okay now.” He reached up and removed her arms from around him, then took a step back. “We must stop winding up in these situations before we cause a scandal.”
She looked at him through hooded eyes. “It is a wonder we have not already.”
A man cleared his voice behind her, causing her heart to skip a bet. The duke! “Your Grace, you must not trouble yourself with keeping our secret.”
“What she means to say is there is no secret to be kept. She carelessly got close enough to the hearth to catch her skirts ablaze. I could not very well let her burn.”
“No, Roseington, you were obliged to help. I am glad to know you were not taking advantage of our dear Lady Amelia.” He glanced at her and flashed a rakish smirk. “Indeed, you are a hero. Let us go share the story while she changes her charred gown.”
She peered at him as she fought the urge to strike him. His grin only deepened, increasing her ire. “Don’t you dare tell a soul. I would most definitely perish from the embarrassment.” Amelia spat the words out with anger and annoyance. How dare he ruin everything for a second time, and then jest about sharing her humiliation. If he were not Scottish, she would trap him instead. That would teach him a lesson.
“Do not worry your head over it, Lady Amelia. We will not breathe a word of this little mishap. Right, Goldstone?” Lord Roseington said.
“Of course not. All of your secrets are safe with me.” The duke winked.
She blushed at what he implied. “Thank you. Now that it is settled I am going to retire for the evening. Enjoy the rest of the party. Lord Roseington, Your Grace.” She inclined her head to them before speeding from the room. The duke’s laughter chased her down the hall as she fled. So glad to have amused you, Your Grace!
* * * *
After leaving Roseington in the gaming room, Richard sought out his aunt. He failed to find her in the parlor, or anywhere else that guests roamed. She must have gone to check on Lady Amelia. He turned toward the stairs leading to the bedchambers above.
The idea of Lady Amelia and Roseington being lovers nagged at the back of his mind as he climbed them, his hand skimming the banister. Her reaction to him in the library played through his thoughts. She had behaved like an experienced woman, but her gaze held the look of an innocent.
Perhaps if she were involved in a romantic assignation with Roseington he could get her off his mind. The last thing he desired was the complications brought by a woman. All the same he longed to make her his. Her behavior intrigued him as much as her beautiful face. One moment she was offering herself up to him, and the next ordering him away or peering at him in anger. He still believed her to be playing some sort of game. She had to be, nothing else made sense. But what was it and why? He had to know.
Before he could announce his presence outside of Lady Amelia’s room her sweet voice drifted into the hall.
“He ruined my plan again. What am I to do now?”
“There is nothing for it but to try again or give into your uncle’s wishes.” Aunt Grace answered her.
“I will never go to America. I cannot.”
His gut knotted. He had heard enough to know she was attempting to snare Roseington. He fought the urge to enter her room as he listed to the ladies.
“Perhaps the plan keeps failing because you are meant for another.”
Disdain dripped from Lady Amelia’s voice. “I would never marry an American. Only an English lord will do for me.”
He left the way he had come with a new found heaviness to his heart. Lady Amelia was no better than all those husband hunting mamas and scheming debutante’s back in Scotland. It was for the best he found out. Now he could be done with her for he would never become involved with another lady like Ophelia.

Chapter 10

Amelia turned down her lantern and settled onto her down mattress. Closing her eyes, she prayed for sleep to rescue her from the reality she found herself trapped in. When she dreamed, the mourning garb disappeared, she no longer required a fast wedding, and most importantly, Papa often appeared there with her. Amelia’s gowns draped her in color, and the weeping veil remained ever absent as she interacted with her peers. Last night, she dreamed she danced at a ball in the arms of a masculine stranger. His face stayed a mystery, but she felt safe in his arms. She hoped the dream would return to comfort her this eve.
A creak sounded outside of the bedroom door and she turned her head toward the noise. Who could be out there? Her heart skipped a beat as the door opened to reveal the Duke of Goldstone filling the entry. His features appeared stern in the illumination from the hearth’s fire. She slammed her eyes shut and hoped he would just leave. What in Hades was he doing coming into her room? Why was he not at the ball? She closed her eyes and remained still, hoping he would think she slept.
“Amelia, open your eyes.” His voice vibrated through her, smooth and strong.
She fought the urge to comply with his demand.
“If you do not open your eyes this minute, I swear I will pull you right out of that bed, lass.”
Lord, help her, but a shiver of excitement raced clear through to her toes. Powerless to stop herself, she opened her eyes. He stood over her, a deep scowl ensconced upon his face. What reason did he have to be cross with her? After all it was he who had miss treated her, not the other way around. “What are you doing in my room?”
“I know all about your scheme.”
She sat up, anger heating her blood. “What I choose to do is none of your business. You have no right to trifle in my affairs. Get out of my room.”
“I will go, but you had better get dressed and make your appearance downstairs. You have five minutes to show yourself before I come back to retrieve you.” He turned and stomped out of her room; the door slammed behind him, its sound reverberating through her.
What in Heaven’s name would she do now? She did not even know for sure what he alluded to knowing. It must be her plans to wed, but how could he have discovered them? She pushed the blankets down and started to get up before her mind changed, and she lay back down. He would not dare come back. She grabbed the blanket and pulled it back over herself. He could not know anything. Suspect, perhaps, but he had no evidence. He just wanted to trick her into admitting her plans. She would not play his game.
Her hands shook as she turned onto her left side and tucked the blanket under her cheek. What if he did know? Had he told Lord Roseington of her intentions at tonight’s ball? Her life would be in shambles. All of her planning would have been for naught. As it stood, she had little idea how she would ensnare Lord Roseington, or any English lord for that matter. She would not worry over it now. Drawing in a deep breath, she snuggled back against her mattress.
The only thing she knew for certain was that she would not get out of the bed and go downstairs. She would not give His Grace the pleasure of bossing her around, nor would she tell him her plan. It did not concern him. She was going back to sleep, and he could rot for all she cared. Reaching out to the bedside table, she retrieved the novel resting there and placed it next to her on the bed. If he dared to return, she would have a surprise for him.
Just as the fringes of sleep tickled her, the door swung open. Grabbing the novel, she flung it with all her might in the duke’s direction. “I told you to stay out!”
He sidestepped the attack, continuing to head straight toward her. “And I told you to show yourself downstairs.” He reached for the lantern, and in a moment’s time, it illuminated the room casting shadows on the walls. “Get out of that bed and put on your wrapper.”
“I will do no such thing. If you do not leave this instant, I am going to scream.” She clutched the blanket to her chest.
“You can scream all you want, lass. I am not leaving. Get out of that bed, or I am getting in.” His lips curved into a devilish grin.
He ran from her every time they touched. There was no way he would get in her bed. “I am done entertaining you. Get in or get out.” She enunciated the words with added force as she pulled back the blanket in a false invitation.
He advanced. “As you wish, my dear Amelia.”
Oh Lord! He crossed what remained of the chamber and climbed into the bed. Lying on his side, he propped himself up on one elbow. His muscles clearly visible through his thin white shirt begged her to touch them. She bit her lower lip as she felt a blush engulf her cheeks. Why did she blush so easily around him? The now-familiar throbbing at the apex of her thighs took hold, and she admitted to herself that Richard was most welcome in her bed.
“My eyes are up here.”
His voice sounded different, deeper, gravelly. Her body pulsated at the unexpected sound. A shiver of delight over took her as she directed her gaze up to meet his, admiring every muscled inch of him along the way. When at last their gazes locked, she offered a grin. “I know perfectly well where your eyes are.”
His gaze softened as he reached out to her, pulling her into his embrace. Amelia angled her head in preparation for his kiss as she wrapped her arms around his waist. Their lips connected with fervor and passion, as if neither of them could get enough, each starved for the other.
Her hand slid down his chest toward his navel. His muscles tensed below her touch, and his breathing deepened as she brazenly continued lower. Richard broke away from her lips and began trailing kisses across her cheek, then down her neck. Warm sensations tickled her skin with his touch.
A murmur escaped his lips as her hand rubbed over his engorged shaft. Amelia curled her fingers around its contour. Wickedness took hold, all things proper fleeing her mind. “I want you.” Her words were soft and pleading. She did not even quite know what she wanted, but she knew he did. He must know how to satisfy her body’s needs. After all, it was he who created them.
He pushed her away and jumped from the bed. “You have no idea what you ask for.” He turned his back to her and ran a hand through his disheveled onyx locks.
“I know I want you to finish what you started when you climbed into my bed.” The husky sound of her voice surprised her. She sat up, allowing the blanket to drape around her waist. “Look at me, Richard.”
He stopped at her door, but did not turn around to face her. “Lord Roseington announced his engagement tonight.”
Ice formed in her veins. She leaped from the bed with fisted hands. “You are lying. Get out of my room this instant,” she screamed. “Stay away from me and mind your own affairs.”
“You are my affair, lass, and you will explain,” he yelled as he turned to face her.
“Get out, get out. I will not tell you anything, so just get out!” She reached for the vase near her bed. With all of her fury she flung it at the wall.
He walked out of her room, slamming the door in his wake.
* * * *
Richard paced the length of the balcony, his head pounding. The woman had bewitched him. There could be no other explanation for his behavior. When he entered Amelia’s chamber he wanted to throttle her. Yet, when she challenged him, he forgot his purpose entirely. Her touch muddled his mind. The urge to hold her, touch her, went against all reason. Why was he so powerless to resist?
He had lusted after many women in his lifetime, but none had captivated him so completely. Never had he found one he could not turn away from. Hell, before her, he never had turned away. He took what he wanted and when the affairs grew tedious, he broke the arrangements. “Bloody hell.” Amelia was no affair, she was an innocent. He could not give into his desire for her, even if she wanted him too. Lord knew he wanted to, but he crossed the line at virgins.
The flicker of a lantern drew his attention, and he turned toward it.
“Your Grace, an urgent correspondence.” The footman held out a tray.
“Very well.” Richard took the envelope and entered the house in search of a letter opener. Having found one, he unfolded the letter and read its words. His heart clenched as he crumbled the letter in his fist. There had been an accident at his shipping yard. Several of his workers were injured or killed. He needed to return to Scotland post haste.
Aunt Grace would understand the necessity. He mounted the stairs intent on preparing for his journey. What of Lady Amelia? He wanted to protect her from her own foolish schemes. The woman had no clue how dangerous her game could be. He raked his fingers through his hair. How would he be able to save her from herself while he was in Scotland? By the time he returned to London her reputation would be in ruins, and she would be shackled in an ill-gained marriage sure to make her miserable. He would have to speak with Aunt Grace before taking his leave.
* * * *
“What is the matter?” Edna stared at Amelia, concern reflected in her gaze.
Amelia clutched the letter Edna had brought her. “All is as it should be. Why do you ask?”
Edna shifted on her feet, appearing uncomfortable. “You have gone pale, and your hands are shaking. I will get the smelling salts.”
“That is not necessary.” Amelia waved the letter through the air. “I assure you, I am well.”
Edna studied her for a moment. “Very well, if there is nothing else--”
Amelia nodded her head, cutting off her maid’s words.
Once Edna left the room, Amelia reached into the desk drawer and retrieved a letter opener. She knew that nothing from Uncle Lewis would be well received. He had likely written to remind her she had but a fortnight left in England. She filled her lungs with air as she studied the letter resting in her hand. It was posted from Scotland. His ship must have made a stop there. With a lack of enthusiasm, she sliced the envelope open and pulled out the contents.

Dearest Amelia,
I trust that my letter will find you well, and enjoying your added time in London. I hope this time allows you to properly see to your responsibilities and arrange the necessary preparations. I do not doubt that the duchess is taking exemplary care of you, so on that topic I will say no more.
I have sent orders for my servants to prepare a suite of rooms for you on the south side of the plantation. The rooms I selected have an impressive view of the gardens, for which I know you will be pleased. I have also ordered a room prepared for your maid. Passage has been arranged on the Acacia, which sails Thursday, the eighteenth of May.

Less than a fortnight! Blast it, everything seemed to be unraveling, and there was naught she could do about it. She crumpled the letter in her hand without finishing it as tears gathered in her eyes. The desire to run away from her problems overtook her sensibilities. The note slipped from her hand as she left the room and headed for the stables. Between Lord Roseington’s engagement and Uncle Lewis’s letter, all of her plans seemed to turn to dust. Not to mention the further complications added by the duke.
She traversed to the stable and ordered Ruby saddled at once. Amelia slid onto her sidesaddle and dug her heel into the horse’s sides causing it to take off at a fast canter. With no clear direction, she steered Ruby onto Piccadilly Street and raced toward the edge of London. In her wake, she could hear outraged Londoners yelling for her to slow down. Her mourning veil came loose and dropped to the dirty street. A cloud of dust trailed behind her as she raced on. The need to escape drove her on.
After reaching the edge of London, she pulled the reins, slowing Ruby. If she rode straight, she could go home to Everthorne. No one would think to search for her there, at least not until they exhausted themselves searching London. That would give her at least a day to be alone and think things through. The crunching sound of carriage wheels startled her out of her thoughts and she gathered the leather reins tighter. Her heart pounded against her ribs as she darted into the forest upon Ruby’s back. She could not chance being spotted this far from London. And without a chaperone at that.
The woods opened into a clearing with one grand tree in the center. Its thick trunk gave way to a snarl of low branches and bright green leaves. Dismounting, she dropped to the ground, then led Ruby to the majestic tree. She tied the reins about one of the thicker branches to secure the horse in place. Exhaustion swept over her as she lowered herself to the ground using the tree’s trunk for support. Ruby happily chomped the tall grass while Amelia tried to gather her energy and courage. Her heart cried out for home, making it easy for her to determine a destination.
She reached over and ran a hand down Ruby’s silky neck, “Would you like to go home, girl? Back to Everthorne?”
The horse lifted its head and neighed in response.
“As would I. It is settled then. We are going home.” She warmed at the thought of her family estate and the comfort she knew it offered.
Happy with the prospect of returning, she allowed her eyes to close. A little rest would do her good. Everthorne stood more than half a day’s ride from London, and she had just begun the journey. She would need her energy for the ride.
The sound of the rustling leaves coupled with the gentle breeze comforted her soul, lulling her into slumber.

Chapter 11

Nature’s music woke Amelia. She stood to stretch before mounting Ruby, intent on setting off for Everthorne. She had slept longer than planned, as evidenced by the sun drooping in the sky and her rumbling midsection. She should have brought food along. Pushing the thought from her mind, she focused on the ride ahead.
She reached in front of her and petted Ruby with a gentle feathery stroke. “If we hurry, we can still reach Everthorne before nightfall.” Ruby took a step and nodded her head. She removed her hand from the horse’s neck, taking the reins more firmly. After making her way out of the forest and back onto the road, she pushed Ruby into a fast gallop.
A thick plume of dust followed in her wake as she raced toward the countryside. Every so often she slowed Ruby for a bit so as not to wear the horse out. Her heart soared at the familiar sights she encountered along the way. She had passed a few peasants, but gratefully had not encountered any of the gentry.
When a stream appeared ahead, she directed Ruby to its bank and dismounted. Her back ached from the ride, and Ruby most certainly needed a drink. While the horse lapped up the inviting water, Amelia arched and straightened her back several times, before she moved to the stream to get her own drink. The water felt cool as she cupped it in her hands and refreshing when it slid down her throat.
Ruby cocked her head at Amelia when her stomach let loose a loud complaint. “I know, girl. I bet you are hungry too.” Amelia approached her horse and began trailing her hand up and down its neck as she looked around, hoping to find sustenance. Alas, there was none. She allowed Ruby to chew on the long grass lining the rivers bank. At least one of them could break their fast. She wrapped her arms across her midsection and watched the horse. Once Ruby seemed satisfied Amelia mounted and headed back for the road.
Several miles later, almost all the way to Everthorne, Amelia heard the familiar sound of hooves beating the road behind her. She glanced over her shoulder expecting to see more peasants. Her heart skipped a beat at the unwelcomed sight of the other rider. He appeared to be gentry, a lord. Pulling Ruby’s reins to the left Amelia directed her horse into the forest.
Too late, the other rider saw her and followed. She knew it was not safe, but felt confident in her abilities as she pushed Ruby to gallop faster. The pounding of hoof beats upon the forest floor matched her racing pulse. Amelia bent low over Ruby’s neck, ducking to avoid fast approaching branches.
The sound of the other rider drew closer. Amelia risked a glance over her shoulder. His Grace, the Duke of Goldstone, chased after her. A sudden sharp pain invaded her left arm. A branch struck her hard, knocked the wind from her lungs, and sent her spiraling to the ground. She lay there dumbstruck for a moment, desperately seeking her bearings before she opened her eyes. Ruby stopped several feet ahead of where she had fell, and the duke stood right next to her. Her heart fluttered with anticipation and embarrassment.
“Amelia, what are you doing out here?” He bent down and offered his hand to help her up.
“I am going home, and do not attempt to persuade me otherwise.” She reached for his hand, but flinched and drew hers back when the sensation of hot needles shot through her wrist.
“You are hurt. Let me see.” He took her arm gently in his hands and studied her swollen wrist for a moment. “It appears to be sprained. You will not be able to ride. At least not for the next couple of days.”
She jerked her injured arm back and used her good one to help her stand. “I am perfectly capable of riding despite the injury.” Without giving him a chance to say anything else, she marched over to Ruby. When she turned to mount the horse, he stared at her, an amused grin on his full lips. Letting out a huff of breath, she grabbed the saddle with her good arm, placed a foot in the stirrup, and hoisted herself up. Turning her head to peer at him, she placed a satisfied smirk upon her face.
“You are impressive, my lady. Now take up the reins.” He raised one dark brow in challenge.
She would do better than simply holding the reins and no overbearing duke would stop her. Reaching down, she gathered the leather reins in her good hand and nudged Ruby with her heels. The horse took off at a trot toward the road. Satisfaction caused a wide grin to light Amelia’s face.
Suddenly her weight shifted, causing her to lose balance. She reached with her injured hand for the saddle then winced as the unpleasant sensation once again rippled through her wrist. Pulling the reins, she stopped Ruby from moving further.
“If home is where you want to go, I will take you,” his smooth voice chastised her from behind. “You can ride with me so as not to injure yourself further.”
Amelia sat tall on Ruby’s back, making every effort to appear all right. Could she trust him? “You will take me to Everthorne, not the duchess’s? I want to go home.” She stared him down and searched his gaze for sincerity.
“Look at the horizon. A storm approaches, and nightfall is almost upon us. We haven’t the time to return to London.” He frowned deeply. “I know not what foolishness led you out here, but now that I have found you, it is my duty to protect you.” The corner of his mouth turned up, creating a rakish smirk. “For tonight, I will take you home. As for tomorrow, I make no promises.” He approached her, reaching out his arms in invitation. Amelia released a deep breath, slid from her horse, and landed in his capable embrace.
The familiar tingling ache quickly filled her core before branching off to invade every fiber of her body as he set her on the ground. He placed a firm hand on her lower back and guided her toward his waiting beast.
“I will lift you up once I am mounted.”
She nodded her consent before moving to stand by his stallion. Seated on the horse, he reached for her. His capable arms engulfed her and in mere seconds, she sat upon his magnificent beast.
“What about Ruby? I cannot simply leave her.” Amelia’s stomach rolled at the thought. “She’s more than a horse; she’s my friend.”
He chuckled. “Yes, I shall never forget how fond you are of your beast. That day--”
“Do not tease me! Get me down from here this instant. I will walk with my horse.”
“There is no need for dramatics, lass. Call her to us. I will tie her behind Thunder. She will be safe enough.”
Amelia called to Ruby, who had wandered a bit further into the clearing and happily chewed the vegetation surrounding her. The horse’s ears twitched for a second before she trotted over to them. He dismounted and secured Ruby’s reins to his own mount.
With her horse seen to, he remounted Thunder and settled Amelia across his lap. She ached with need as his muscled body pressed against her.
“I presume my aunt knows nothing of this folly?”
“Of course not!”
“I will send word to her upon our arrival at Everthorne. She must be beside herself with worry.” His breath warmed the back of Amelia’s neck.
“It is quite possible she has not yet noticed my absence.”
“You, my dear, are not so invisible as you’d like to think.”
A startled scream escaped Amelia’s throat as he set Thunder into a fast trot.
“Just relax. I will not let you fall,” he said, before pushing the horse into a faster run.
She did trust him, though she could not say why. But she would never be able to relax while their bodies pressed together so intimately. She sighed, accepting her circumstances, and resigned to enjoy the ride.
Each step the horse took sent her bouncing and sliding against his muscled body. Every time she moved across his body the apex between her thighs cried out. At one point, she bit the inside of her cheek to regain control of herself. She wondered if her body affected him as well.
Her home came into view bringing her back to herself. She pointed toward the grand country estate. “There, that is Everthorne.”
He turned Thunder toward the stables. After he drew his mount to a stop in front of the doors, he lowered Amelia to the ground before dismounting himself. Stepping back from him, she took a deep breath in a failed attempt to calm her body.
“The place looks abandoned. Where are your servants?” Concern etched into his features as he gazed into her eyes.
“I sent most of them away. Some are at my London townhouse, and the rest have found employment with other families. My overseer and some day servants have been retained. However, all of the house servants have gone.” She walked to the stable door and opened it. “We are capable of taking care of ourselves, or at least I am.” She smirked at the expression he wore, jaw lax, and brows knitted together.
“I am more than capable, lass, just surprised you set off on this course knowing you’d arrive at an empty house.” He led Thunder to a stall and set about bedding him down for the night.
She latched the door behind Ruby after doing the same. “My lord, there are many things about me you do not know and could not possibly understand.”
He grinned wickedly. “It sounds like you are issuing a challenge.”
“I am doing no such thing. Now come, I will prepare our rooms while you start some fires.”
* * * *
Richard set the poultice he made and a pile of cloth strips he’d found on the table beside Amelia. He studied her wrist as she rested it on the arm of the chair. The swelling had gotten worse and the skin was now flushed red.
She met his gaze. “I fear it is hurt worse than I first thought.”
“Do not worry. Mother taught me how to make a few remedies. Let me tend to your injury and you will be better before you know it.”
“That is a strange skill for a titled gentleman to possess.” She placed her arm in his hand.
The contact warmed him. “I always had a curiosity about medicine. If I were not a duke, I believe I would be a doctor.” He smoothed the poultice over her wrist with skillful strokes.
“I think it is wonderful that your mother took the time to teach you.” She winced when he lifted her arm to wrap the injury.
An odd tug pulled at his heart. “I do not wish to cause you pain, but it is not possible to avoid it all together. The injury will heal faster from having the support of the bandages.”
She nodded. “I trust you.”
He smiled at her before directing his attention back to her wrist. Her words lightened his soul but not as much as the truth reflected in her gaze. She did trust him, and for some unexplained reason, he trusted her as well. If only he could protect her from her foolish notions. There must be a way.

Chapter 12

“I will not accompany you anywhere!” Amelia scowled at the Duke of Goldstone.
“You cannot very well stay here, and I haven’t the time to take you back to London. You will--”
“I can bloody well take myself back. Your services are not needed.” She turned and ran from the room. Being back in her family home made for an emotional night; memories refused to let her sleep. It left her drained and in no mood to be told what to do, not even by a dark, sexy duke. She ran out of the house toward the field behind it. Glancing over her shoulder, she saw him chasing after her. She pushed herself to run faster.
“Lady Amelia, stop running so we can discuss this in a rational manner.” His words were very close. Her stomach tightened as she pushed herself harder.
Suddenly the duke wrapped his hand around her uninjured arm, jerking her to a halt, and caused them both to tumble to the ground. He rolled on top of her and braced himself up with his arms. Her eyes drifted to the muscles rippling through his arms before his gaze bore into hers. A thrill coursed through her veins. Her essence begged once again for that elusive something only he could give her.
Ignoring the longing, she shoved against his chest. “Get off me this instant!”
“Not until we have this matter sorted out.” He stared down at her with mischief in his eyes.
“There is nothing to sort out. I said I would not go to Scotland, and I meant it. I am--”
“Obviously capable of getting yourself back to London, I know. However, like I told you before, as long as we are under the same roof, you are my responsibility. I will not have you riding alone for the better part of a day on dangerous roads with no protection.”
“Then you will have to escort me back yourself.” She batted her lashes as she gazed at him, certain he would see reason.
“It would cost me at least a day’s travel to see you back to London, and I cannot afford it. As it is, Glasgow is at least seven days’ ride--”
“You want me to travel with you for seven days? It cannot be done. My uncle has booked me passage to America. I have to board a ship in less than a fortnight. Release me.” She shoved his chest with renewed vigor.
“I will procure a chaperone in Leeds to see you safely back to London. You will arrive in time to board your ship.”
“Being alone with you in such a way, traveling for days, it isn’t proper. If you care nothing for my plans, you could at least worry about my reputation.”
A wicked grin spread across his lips before he rolled off of her; his laughter filling the air between them.
Amelia sat up and scowled at him before reaching out and slapping him on the arm. “You have no cause to laugh at me.”
He pinned her beneath his stare. “If you gave a damn about your reputation, we would not be sitting here in a most improper way. Now my dear, let us gather some food and mount our horses. We have a long day ahead of us.”
“I did not agree to accompany you.” She shrugged her shoulder, knowing she had already lost the battle.
“Must we continue with this nonsense?” He stood up and dusted off his breeches before reaching out a hand to help her up. “It is evident that you do not have a choice, furthermore you have put yourself in this position. I am a duke, and at the moment, charged with your protection. Now I beg of you, stop being such a minx and come along.”
She nodded her head in silent defeat before placing her hand in his. He tugged her up and she came to rest against his hard body. Her breasts pressed against his chest, and he wrapped his arms around her. She looked up at him but made no attempt to step out of his embrace.
He brought his mouth down on hers, their lips molded together. Firm and deep, the kiss made her legs tremble as passion threatened to engulf her. Mercy how was she to safely travel with him when one kiss undid her? He ran his tongue along her lips sending a delicious longing to her core. She threaded her fingers through his hair as all thoughts fled from her mind.
He pulled his mouth away from hers and took a step back. “My apologies, I promise not to kiss you again. That is, unless you ask me to.” He walked back into the house, leaving her standing alone and breathless in the morning sun.
She watched him until he disappeared, then crumpled back onto the dew-soaked ground. His words rang in her head as she tried to make sense of her situation. Until I ask him to? What does that mean? Does he want to kiss me? Marry me? Satisfy my longing? Do I want him to? The turmoil in her mind threatened to overwhelm her. She inhaled copious amounts of fresh country air as she searched for her bearings. The answers to her musings would have to be figured out, but not today. Maybe tomorrow--there was always tomorrow.
She rubbed her hands over her warm cheeks, stood up and smoothed her skirts before walking into the house. There was a journey to prepare for.
* * * *
Most of the day was spent riding in companionable silence. Every so often Amelia would sneak a look at the duke, but she rarely spoke to him. They stopped but twice to rest the horses and have a bit of nourishment for themselves. Richard had told her he planned to ride a full fifty miles before they stopped at an inn for the night. Her back throbbed from the exertion, and she could feel Ruby starting to strain as the sun touched the horizon on its nightly descent.
She angled her head to look at the duke. “My horse is tired. How much farther is it to the inn?”
He glanced at her, then seemed to consider Ruby for a moment before answering, “It is just past the bend.”
He returned his attention to the road. “How is your wrist?”
“It is well, thank you.”
True to his word, they drew rein at a small stone inn just past the bend. The establishment had a quaint appearance, with a lush green lawn and two tall willow trees adorning the drive. Well cared for flowerbeds were strategically scattered about. She noticed a promenade wrapping around the back as well as a couple of benches situated among the landscaping.
“It will be best if we claim to be married. No one here is likely to know us, and we can avoid unwanted attention with the ruse. Furthermore I will be better able to protect you if we are in the same room.”
She blinked back her initial shock. “You want me to share a room with you?”
“Indeed, I do. Of course, you can have the bed, and I will sleep on the floor.”
Amelia swallowed hard as she attempted to find her words. When none came, she simply nodded her head.
“Here come the stable hands. Act naturally.” His words came out in a whisper.
“I, I--”
He held out his arm for her. “Just take my arm, and do try to appear happy about it.”
Richard handed over the horses to the stable man, and said, “My duchess and I require a room for the evening.”
Moments later, a friendly older woman showed them to their room. The woman opened a door on the second floor and waved them in. Black and white wallpaper coated the walls in a striped design that matched the chair situated by the small window. A cherry sleigh bed on the far wall called out, inviting her to lie down and rest her sore muscles.
“Your Grace, I hope this room meets your requirements. It is our best,” the kindly innkeeper said with a low bow.
“Very well, thank you.” Richard moved farther into the room.
The innkeeper studied Amelia before dropping into a curtsy. “My condolences, Your Grace.”
Amelia nodded politely, unsure of how a duchess should respond.
Richard came to stand beside her. “Thank you, we shall let you know if we require any further assistance.”
Once the innkeeper left, he placed their supplies on the floor near the door, then turned to her.
“I will go procure supper while you ready yourself for bed.”
Her cheeks warmed at the knowledge she would be spending the night in his company. “Very well, but I haven’t any night clothes.”
His rakish grin appeared sending her body into turmoil. “Then you should freshen up for now. Later, you can shed your gown. I assume even you are lady enough to have on a chemise?”
She reached for the closest object, a candlestick, and hurled it at his back as he exited the room in a storm of laughter. The scoundrel, low-down rake of a lord! “How dare he!”
She moved to the bed like a small child caught in the troughs of a temper tantrum and threw herself onto the mattress. Why did he make her feel so out of control? Even when vexed with him, her body was pulled toward him. She wanted to pummel him and be wrapped in his embrace at the same time. The thought startled her and she pushed herself into a sitting position. Her breath caught as the door opened revealing his return.
He breezed into their room followed by two commoners, arms laden with trays of food. They placed their burdens on a small table situated next to the chair before, turning to leave. Her mouth watered in anticipation of the feast.
Richard sat in the only chair they had. “I wasn’t quite sure what you liked, so I got a variety. I do hope you enjoy ale. It was the only option.”
“I have never had it before, but I am certain it will suffice.” She stood and walked to the table, stopping in front of it. Her gaze locked with his, silently commanding him to relinquish the chair to her.
“Oh, let me guess,” he said, a smug expression firmly ensconced upon his face. “You wish for me to move.”
“It would please me if you did, my lord.” She batted her eyelashes for added effect.
“Acting flirtatious will get you nowhere with me, my lady. All the same I shall--” A knock at the door cut him off. “Enter.”
Another commoner, whom she surmised must be in the inn’s employ, carried in an additional chair. It did not match the room, but appeared to be equally comfortable.
The intruder looked to the duke for approval.
“Very well, place it by the table,” Richard ordered, in a smooth yet authoritative voice.
With a smile the employee did as told before exiting the room.
Richard stood as the door clicked shut. “Choose your chair, my lady.”
Amelia quickly situated herself in the chair he vacated despite the fact his body left it warm. She had never occupied a recently vacated chair before, and could not help but think he had tormented her on purpose. No matter, she did not mind breaking society’s rules. He seated himself, then uncovered the food before glancing up at her, a grin spreading across his face.
She found the meal pleasurable. The ale, though different, satisfied her palate. She ate her fill while enjoying a merry conversation about their childhoods. He shared stories of his time at Eaton and the mischief he had often found himself in. She told him about her mama and papa and how they had always indulged her.
Once they completed their meal, he stepped out into the hall while she removed her dress and climbed into the bed. Her body seemed to vibrate as she pulled the blankets up to her chin. Modestly covered, she called out and gave him permission to reenter the room.
“I intend to ready myself and suggest you close your eyes until I am decently beneath the covers.” He glanced at her, a wicked look resting upon his face as she slammed her eyes shut. It did little good. Images of his chiseled body materialized in her imagination and begged for her to take a peek at him.
The temptation proved too great, and she opened her eyelids a crack. His magnificent half-bare body stood mere feet in front of her, setting off a spark of desire deep within her. She studied the curve of his hips all the way up to his onyx hair. Her body reacted powerfully, heart hammering, pulse racing, and the apex of her thighs pulsing in unison as she gazed upon his physique.
Like a person possessed, her mouth opened, the words tumbling out. “Kiss me.”
The duke turned, his gaze locking with hers. “I cannot.”
Sleep did not find her easily when Richard extinguished the lights. She tossed and turned, trying to decipher why he had refused her request. Anger and disappointment took turns consuming her, mixed with another feeling she failed to identify.
Her heart hurt with the certainty that he did not want her. He had only been interested in discovering her plan, and now...she was under his care and protection. When they reached Leeds, he would send her back to London without another thought. When had she begun to care for him?

Chapter 13

“Are you not the least bit curious why I need to get home?” Richard looked at her with one dark brow raised.
Amelia glanced away without so much as shaking her head. Truth be told, she would love to know why he insisted on dragging her across England, but not so badly that she would be willing to speak to him. Maybe she was being a tad childish. She did not want to marry him, so why should she care if he kissed her or not? Because he makes my body feel alive, I miss him when he leaves me alone, and my composure shatters easily in his presence. She blinked her eyes and took a deep breath as she pushed the thoughts away.
“Yes, I suppose I would like to know what the emergency is.” She pulled Ruby’s reins, bringing the horse to a slow gait. He slowed his mount as well before he regarded her. His eyes seemed darker now, and a look of worry overtook his features, a deep frown creasing his handsome face.
“There has been an accident at my shipyard. One of the ships got destroyed and several of my workers are injured. Two died.” He turned his attention back to the road.
“I...my condolences.” She should have known he would not drag her off without good cause. She had been acting the perfect brat with no regard for him. “Your Grace, Richard, I am truly sorry for being so resistant and making things harder on you. But I must ask why we are traveling by horse when you own a shipyard? Would you not arrive faster by ship or rail?” She smiled with sincerity and hoped her question did not cause him undue stress.
“Our horses move faster and can travel straighter. As for ships, I build them, I do not sail them.” He pushed Thunder back into a fast gallop.
Nudging Ruby with her heels, she urged the horse to catch up as she leaned down close to its neck. The sound of hoof beats pounded the road and filled the air around them as they raced across the terrain. When she slowed her horse to a walk, he followed suit, and the rhythm of hammering hooves faded, replaced with the sound of their laughter.
The baritone of his deep chuckle invaded her senses, causing her spirits to soar. She focused on him, a genuine look of delight upon her face. “I won.”
“I let you win.” His teasing voice caused a fresh laugh to bubble up in her.
“Sounds like you are challenging me to another race. You say when, and once I win, you must reward me.” She could not hold back her whimsical laughter when one of his dark brows shot up quizzically.
“My lady, I find you quite perplexing. You are a puzzle I intend to solve.”
She giggled and moved her focus elsewhere.
Dark smoke billowed across the horizon, a thick haze stomping out the sun’s rays. She pointed into the distance. “Take a gander, there near the horizon. What do you suppose it is?”
He turned his head in the direction she indicated. “Looks like a fire.”
“What shall we do? It is in our path. What if we cannot continue past it? What if someone is hurt? It may--”
“There is but one way to know. We must continue on. If it presents a danger to us, we will change our course.” He grinned at her reassuringly. “More likely than not, it is a structure burning, and you are correct, people may need our help.”
She nodded in agreement before racing down the dirt road next to him. Curiosity drove her as she listened to the melodic sound of horseshoes beating the hard dirt road beneath them. Her eyes stayed focused on the black swirling smoke that beckoned for her to come nearer as her pulse hammered in her veins. After what seemed like hours, the full situation unveiled itself when a burning cottage came into view.
She swallowed past the lump in her throat. A frantic woman clad in a plain dress and covered in soot screamed from the side yard of the inferno. Her unbound hair hung down her back with pieces sticking up all over her head. Behind her, flames leaped into the air, bursting through the roof in an eerie orange and amber dance.
“Me son is still inside! Oh lord, please help my baby,” the woman bellowed as she slid to the ground, burying her blackened face against the lush green grass.
Her cries vibrated through Amelia, propelling her into action. She slid down from Ruby’s saddle and went to the woman’s side, resting a comforting hand on her shoulder. The grass felt cool beneath her skirts while the air burned her face. She glanced back at the horses. Richard had already dismounted. She could not see him anywhere. Frantically, she continued searching, trying desperately to locate him and focus through the woman’s blood-curdling screams. Panic gripped her heart when she saw him disappearing into the hellish cottage. She pushed it away, turning her focus to the disheveled woman.
“Come away from the fire, miss. The duke has gone in to rescue your son. It will do no good to have you out here getting hurt,” Amelia cajoled the woman as she tried to guide the distraught mother up from the ground.
The woman made no effort to move. “My baby, oh my precious son.”
Amelia wrapped her arms around the woman and tugged upward. “You must trust His Grace; he’ll save your baby. Now be strong for your son and stand up.”
With a bit more tugging, the woman rose and allowed Amelia to guide her away from the cottage. Once they reached a safer location near the meadow’s edge, Amelia allowed the soot-covered woman to collapse back onto the ground. Again she positioned herself next to the woman, placing an arm about her shaking shoulders. Amelia’s attention left the woman as her stare riveted on the blazing scene. The woman’s cries faded into the background as Amelia’s thoughts focused on Richard.
Lord, please deliver him from the firestorm. Bring him out safely with the child in hand. Amen, she prayed reverently, never allowing her gaze to leave the cottage. The sizzling and crackling of the fire filled every particle of her body as the woman continued to weep and mumble at her side.
Suddenly, the flames jumped higher. The air filled with a large crashing sound. A horrid scream reached Amelia’s ears as she stood to race toward the collapsed cottage. Whether it originated from her own throat or the peasant woman’s, she could not say. She ran as fast as she could before she collapsed near the burning structure. Her shoulders shook as she lay crumpled and sobbing on the ground mere feet from the destroyed cottage. Tears blazed hot trails down her cheeks while she stared at the crumbled facade.
“Lady Amelia, what are you doing? Stand up! Get away from the fire!”
Richard’s voice came to her like a song. Bolting to her feet, she stepped backward and searched the surrounding area for him. He appeared from beside the desecrated cottage, soot coating every inch of his magnificent body. Amelia flew into his arms and wrapped both of hers around his neck. “Oh thank God you are alive.” She nuzzled her head into his chest, smashing the infant he held between them. “I thought I lost you.”
“You still might if we do not move.”
She allowed him to lead her away from the cottage, her hand tucked under his arm. When the babe’s mother saw them, she stood up, but did not move. She appeared like a statue, silent, stiff, and unyielding. Then, almost at her side, the baby let loose a ferocious cry that brought its mum quickly to their side.
She took the bundle from Richard and studied the child for a moment before cradling him near her bosom. “Thank you, me lord. If not for ye, he would surely have perished in the fire. I owe ye a great debt.” She clumsily curtsied.
“No thanks required, ma’am. I only did what I knew to be necessary and right. You owe me nothing.”
Before more could be said, Amelia wrapped her free arm around him. She stared deeply into his eyes and welcomed the now-familiar sensations that washed through her. “Hold me.” The shakiness of her voiced surprised her.
He obliged, wrapping her in his safe embrace. All of her previous anxieties melted away as his warmth infiltrated her. The hammering of his heart below his well-muscled chest filled her ears, comforting her soul. He smelled of smoke and soot and his clothes were filthy, but none of it mattered. She snuggled closer, meshing their bodies together. She had fallen in love with the duke.
“Is there some place we can take you, ma’am?
His words were like a comforting hug to her soul. She looked at the woman. “Perhaps a friend or relative lives nearby?”
The woman never took her eyes from the child. “My sister’s, her cottage is about a mile up the road.”
Amelia rode with Richard, relishing every moment of being in such close contact as they escorted the woman and her child to a relative’s home. Still, a small part of her wanted distance and clarity. She needed to think, to figure out her future. It simply wasn’t possible to do so while seated across the duke’s lap, all the while fighting her old desires and new revelation. How could she think of marrying an English lord when the Scottish lord her body and soul cried out for was pressed against her? Did she even want to marry an English lord now that she had fallen in love with Richard?
* * * *
Upon their arrival, the woman’s relatives extended an offer for supper and a room for the evening. Richard declined in favor of trying to regain some of the time they had lost. They did, however, accept fresh clothing and the opportunity to wash away the soot from their faces and hands. Amelia embraced the opportunity to shed her mourning weeds. She liked the idea of the duke seeing her as more than a woman in mourning. After much ado, they departed in commoners’ garb and made haste toward the horizon. Richard hoped to reach Sheffield by nightfall.
She hardly recognized herself draped in a common dress of low-quality burgundy fabric and swooning over a Scotsman. Her hungry eyes drifted down his form as she admired the angle of his waist, rounded bottom, and strong thighs. She could no longer deny she wanted him. Falling in love with him complicated things further. If only she were a different person with different responsibilities, then she would be free to pursue him, but alas, she could not change a thing. He did not want her at any rate. He certainly did not love her.
Ripping her gaze from his backside, she urged Ruby into a trot. Realizing the rogue had stolen her heart changed nothing. The sooner she married an Englishman, the better. She could forget the duke and move on with her life.
She studied him once again, her heart and mind locked in battle. How had she been so careless as to fall for him? There was no use in pondering it. She would enjoy what time she had with him, and do what she must when he sends her away. A mischievous grin curved her lips.
“Do you suspect we will make Sheffield before nightfall?”
“Do not worry, my dear. It is but a few miles down the road.”
“I am not worried, just curious.” She flashed a flirtatious smile in his direction, anticipation tickling her spine. He would not deny her tonight. She would not allow it.
The wind freed strands of her hair and whipped her skirts around as she nudged Ruby into a fast trot. She glanced over her shoulder at Richard, who rode a few paces behind.
“What is Scotland like?” she yelled over her shoulder.
“That depends on where you go. My castle is near the English border and so my area of Scotland is very much like your beloved England.” He winked roguishly.
Heat spread through her as she looked away. Scotland like England... Could it be?

Chapter 14

Every muscle in Amelia’s body ached and the long ride contributed nothing in the way of helping her decide what to do about her future. The only thing she knew with certainty was she had fallen in love with the duke of Goldstone.
“My lady.” Richard held out his arm in invitation.
Amelia accepted it with a smirk and allowed him to guide her into the inn.
He escorted her up the stairs leading to their accommodations for the evening, then released her arm to open the heavy wood door. A warm room greeted them with all the necessary comforts. She did not hesitate to take advantage of it. Sinking into a wing back chair, she allowed all of the tension to drain from her limbs.
“The only thing that would make this better is a bath and fresh clothing.” She glanced at Richard, who removed his jacket and draped it over the chaise.
“Truer words have rarely been spoken. I will go order a bath to be brought up and see if I can procure a fresh gown for you.”
“Where ever do you think you might find a gown this time of night?” The very idea was absurd.
“My dear, you forget who I am. Nothing is beyond the realm of possibility when you have a dukedom.” He swung his jacket back on, before leaving the room.
She allowed her head to fall back on the chair and closed her eyes. For the first time in ages, no thoughts tickled her mind. She rejoiced in the solitude, allowing it to absorb her.
The door creaked, pulling her out of her relaxed state. Her eyes snapped open to reveal a young woman in the entrance with a pile of clothes in her hands.
“My lady, His Grace requested I come up to help you with your bath.” The maid curtsied, her load nearly tumbling to the floor. “May I allow the tub to be brought in?”
“Yes, indeed, bring it in.” Amelia remained seated as she watched the tub being filled. The maid seemed rather young but very capable despite her tender years. She stood several inches shorter than Amelia, and her body lacked shape. An auburn braid hung over her shoulder, drawing attention away from the delicate features of her face.
Once the others completed their tasks and left them alone, the maid turned warm cocoa eyes on Amelia. “I will help you out of those garments, if you please, my lady.”
Standing, Amelia moved closer and presented her back. “You can dispose of them once they are removed.”
In mere minutes, the warm water of the tub enveloped her naked form. “I can manage from here. Thank you for your assistance,” Amelia said with an appreciative grin.
The maid curtsied with a slight smile tugging at her lips. “As you please.”
Amelia washed her hair and body, scrubbing the remaining soot and smoke away. Her task completed, she lay back and let the jasmine-scented air transport her. It reminded her of the Duchess of Abernathy’s garden and the first time she kissed Richard. Did she love him then? Had she loved him this whole time and just could not see it? Her focus was so fixed on ensnaring an English peer into holy matrimony. Had her plotting clouded her true emotions and cause her to ignore what was right in front of her?
Sitting up, she dipped a rag into the now-tepid water and brought it to her face. Perhaps her plan was foolish. What good would it do for her to remain in England if she would be unhappy? And she knew now that she would be. But Richard could not be the solution either. He did not love her. She dropped the rag into the water and stood.
Tonight, she would find satisfaction within the duke’s arms, enjoy him while she could, then she would go to America as ordered. In two years she would return to Everthorne and everything else she held dear. Whipping away the last drips of jasmine-scented water, she searched about for something to cover her flesh with. A bed sheet seemed the best choice. She retrieved it and wrapped it around herself before settling into a chair.
Richard’s voice traveled to her through the door. “Amelia, may I come in?”
She rearranged the sheet so one leg peeked out and it draped low, revealing the mound of her breasts. “Please do.”
He sauntered in carrying a dress box. Setting it on the bed, he turned and went back out to the hall without sparing a glance in her direction.
She shifted as agitation crept through her. Was it possible he hadn’t seen her state of undress, or was she simply that easy to ignore? She worried her lip.
Moments later, he entered with a tray of food, closing the door behind him. Once he placed the provisions on the table, he turned to her. A blush warmed her skin when his eyes landed on her and traveled the length of her mostly exposed body.
Her chest flittered with excitement.
“I will step out so you can dress. Do you wish to have the maid sent back up?” His words flowed out in a husky tone, and despite their implications, he made no effort to leave. His eyes remained riveted on her, a rakish grin seated on his lips.
“That will not be necessary.” She stood and sauntered over to him, releasing the sheet to reveal her body in all of its naked glory. “I do not feel like getting dressed.” She wound her arms around him, threading her fingers into his thick hair as she brought her lips to his.
The kiss intensified as passion swept through her. He led her toward the bed, laying her down without breaking their connection. His mouth blazed a hot trail down her neck and across her collarbone before settling on her breast. Every touch accelerated the need deep within her, causing her desire for him to intensify.
She began removing his cravat, wanting nothing more than to feel his skin against hers. Every part of her body burned with need as she fumbled to remove his clothing. She cast his cravat aside and started removing his shirt while he kissed a trail across her collarbone. A whimper of pleasure left her throat.
He pulled back. His sapphire gaze bore into hers. “Amelia--”
She placed her finger over his lips and brought her face close. “I know what I want. Do not deny me again.”
Their lips joined again in a passionate frenzy. He gently stroked a hand down her abdomen and across her thigh, leaving a tantalizing trail everywhere he touched. She brought her lips to his shoulder, kissing across the tan, muscled skin and down to his chest. Her heart soared.
He stood, removing his trousers. Her hungry gaze riveted on his chiseled body, the magnificent view unlike anything she could have imagined. She reached out for him, silently begging him to join her once again. When his manhood sprung forward she spread her legs in invitation. She did not fear their coupling, she longed for it. Longed for him.
He settled himself next to her and their lips came back together in a hungry kiss. She feathered her fingers over his hard appendage. When he latched onto her nipple she gasped softly. The sensation was more blissful than she imagined possible.
“Are you certain?” He looked into her eyes.
“Yes, I want you.” She angled her head to kiss his salty skin.
He slid a hand between her thighs, rubbing her feminine folds before slipping a finger inside. She arched her back and moaned, pressing herself closer to his palm.
He nudged her legs farther apart and sprinkled kisses upon her abdomen. She urged him back to her lips. He came over her, settling between her thighs. Gazing down at her, he asked, “Are you certain?”
She smiled saucily. “There is nothing I want more.”
He took her lips in another passionate kiss as he pushed his manhood into her. Her need drove her hips up, forcing him to fill her completely. A stab of pain caused her to freeze, a meek whimper radiating from her lips.
“Making love only hurts the first time.” His husky voice resonated through her as he began to move slowly inside her passage, quickly building her passion as the pain faded away.
Before long she matched his movements with her own. The fire inside her built until it erupted in a shower of divine sensations that radiated through her. She held onto him, panting for air, her limbs tingling with satisfaction while he found his own release.
He rolled off her, bringing her to rest in the crook of his arm, her head cradled against his solid chest. Her heart beat in unison with his as she drifted off to sleep, wishing he could be her forever.
When she woke, she found herself alone in the bed. The only light in the room came from the moonbeams pouring through the lead-glass window. A cursory glance around the room revealed Richard seated at the table. “Come back to bed.” She patted the space next to her.
He glanced away with a sigh. “Lady Amelia, I am sorry.”
Why did he speak to her so formally?
“I never should have touched you, let alone made love to you. I had no right.”
Her blood chilled at his words. She sat up, letting the sheet fall around her waist. “Do not regret what we shared. I am not sorry. I wanted you to make love to me, and I am glad you did.”
He peered at her, a painful expression on his handsome face. “Why is that, dear, because I played right into your little plan?”
She straightened her back and looked into his eyes. “No, that is not it at all. I meant--”
“You meant to ensnare an English lord and settled for me instead.”
His words, like venom, attacked her soul.
“Please let me explain. You have it all wrong. I have no intentions of trapping you.”
He grimaced before looking away. “Because I am not good enough. I am not an English Lord. What then, was I just practice for when you arrive back in London?”
Amelia shook her head, hot tears gliding down her cheeks. “I have decided--”
“You are done deciding.” He stood and walked to the door. “I ran into Lord Shillington and his sister when I went to get your gown. They have agreed to escort you back to London. Tonight, I will guard your room. Tomorrow you will depart with them.” He opened the door and stepped into the hallway.
“No, this is all wrong. You have to listen to me. I no longer care about England...” He shut the door, cutting off her words.

Chapter 15

Lord Shillington and Lady Jane were seated at a table in the inn’s great room, their meal in front of them when Amelia entered. Jane glanced up and grinned brightly at her, then smacked her brother’s arm. His gaze followed in the direction she indicated, lighting on Amelia. He stood and strolled toward her. It was a wonder he hadn’t knocked the chair over in his rush to reach her side.
“Lady Amelia, I am so pleased you are joining Jane and me on our journey back to civilization.” He offered his arm. “Come enjoy a meal before we depart.”
Amelia smiled halfheartedly out of obligation and took his arm, allowing him to guide her to the table. As they walked, she scanned the main room desperately hoping to spot Richard. Alas, with the entire room accounted for, she abandoned her search. She should have gone after him last night. With a heavy heart, she allowed Lord Shillington to pull out a chair for her, and then took her seat.
“Good morning, Lady Amelia,” Jane said in her always cheerful voice.
Amelia returned her smile, but wished she were anywhere else in England. “Good morning, Lady Jane.”
She glanced at the always eccentric Lord Shillington decorated in all of his fineries. “Have you spoken with the Duke of Goldstone this morning? I would like to thank him for his care and protection before we depart.”
“I am afraid you are too late. He took his leave at sunrise. By now, he is well on his way to Leeds. In fact, he told me he plans to reach Scotland in two days’ time.” Amelia’s heart sank as Lord Shillington rambled on. “I told him it simply wasn’t possible, that a ride like that required three days minimum. Regrettably, the duke would hear none of it. He insisted he could reduce the time.” Lord Shillington looked back and forth between Amelia and Jane. “Can you imagine?”
Lady Jane answered, “I certainly cannot, but he is familiar with the route, so perhaps it is possible.” She turned her attention on Amelia, reaching out a hand and resting it on top of hers. “Lady Amelia, are you all right? You seem to be a million miles away.”
Amelia forced another smile. “Just eager to break my fast is all.”
Lord Shillington’s voice filled the space. “Of course you are. My apologies, Amelia, let us get you some sustenance.”
Lady Jane nodded as she removed her hand from Amelia’s.
Lord Shillington waved his arm, signaling for a waiter, and knocked over his drink in the process. Water flooded across the table and cascaded over the edge, making a splash on the dark wood floor.
Lady Jane abruptly abandoned her seat to get out of the cool liquid’s way. Her hand flew to her chest. “Dear me. Quick! Someone bring a rag over and mop up this mess.”
All eyes turned toward them as loud gasps filled the quaint space. Amelia’s cheeks burned under the patrons stares. This must be her punishment for acting like a harlot, conspiring against the lords of London. Thank God she never gave any serious thought to scandalizing Lord Shillington. Becoming his wife would without a doubt be a worse fate than consenting to an extended stay in America. His appearance was pleasant enough and he always behaved like a perfect gentleman, but she would never be able to get past his clumsiness, nor his ornate way of dressing.
With the spill tended to, Amelia took her seat as they returned to the meal. She sat absorbed in her thoughts, pushing food around on her plate while pretending to eat. Before long, the familiar weight of grief pressed down on her. Not for the death of her father, but for the loss of Richard. How perfectly fitting he had procured a drab black mourning gown for her.
Heaven help her, she loved him and found herself remorseful over how their story ended. If only he would have allowed her to explain, maybe he would have understood. Perhaps he could have loved her in return.
“Lady Amelia.” Lord Shillington held out his hand to help her into the carriage. Amelia took it then settled against the plush leather seat. He handed Lady Jane up next before climbing in and positioning himself across from her.
“I simply cannot wait to arrive back in London. It is a pity it takes three days.” Lady Jane folded her hands in her lap.
“Lord Shillington, where is my horse? I cannot leave her here.” Panic filled Amelia’s voice; she had already lost too much, she would not lose her Ruby as well. She prepared to jump from the carriage if necessary.
“Worry not, Lady Amelia, the duke hired a groom to follow behind with your beast.” Lord Shillington knocked on the carriage roof, signaling the footman to set the carriage into motion.
Lady Jane beamed as she folded her hands on her lap. “Despite the long ride, I do so love gazing at the English countryside. I find the quaint villages, rolling hills, dense forests, and wildflowers as far as the eye can see to be rather breathtaking. The sights fill me with a sense of serenity and awe. Don’t you agree?” She looked at Amelia with bright green eyes and a grin plastered on her thin lips, obviously waiting for confirmation.
Amelia nodded her agreement, then turned to gaze out the window, hopeful the siblings would leave her to her own devices.
“If the Duke of Goldstone can shorten his journey by a day, why can’t we?” Lady Jane asked her brother.
“As I said before, it is not possible. We would have to spend all night in the carriage and switch out horses every fifty or so miles to even have a chance. Not to ignore the fact that Lady Amelia’s beast is following behind the carriage. No horse can go straight through without dropping dead.”
Lady Jane gasped. “You needn’t be so crude about it, brother. A simple it cannot be done would have sufficed.”
“Well then, dear sister, it cannot be done, it simply is not possible.”
Lady Jane giggled most girlishly before turning her attention back to Amelia. “How is it you came to be in Sheffield and under the duke’s protection?”
Amelia turned her gaze on Lady Jane, struggling for words capable of explaining the previous three days’ events. “I...it is truly a rather long, tiresome tale. I would rather not bore you with the details.” She smiled at her before redirecting her attention to the small window.
“I fail to see how traveling across England with the Duke of Goldstone could make for a boring story. Please reconsider--”
“Amelia already said there is no story to tell. Frankly, I find the man quite dull and cannot imagine anything out of the ordinary happened. Just remember our meeting with him last night. After a standard ‘how do you do,’ he explained his need to return to Scotland and how he needed to procure a chaperone to see Amelia back to London. He appeared rather put out and seemed desperate to find her a suitable escort.”
Amelia’s heart ached at Lord Shillington’s words. Had Richard saw her as little more than unwanted baggage?
Lady Jane bobbed her head. “That he did. Of course you are right. My apologies, Lady Amelia. I should not have pressed for a tale I knew did not exist.”
Amelia glanced up from her lap. “If it is all the same to you both, I am feeling rather tired and would like to rest.”
“Of course, dear. Do not let us bother you,” Lord Shillington replied.
Amelia laid her head on the side of the carriage as brother and sister resumed their conversation. What an utter fool she had been, thinking for even one moment that Richard might care for her when he clearly despised her.
Lord Shillington’s words rang in her head. The duke could not wait to get rid of her. A piece of Amelia’s heart shattered deep within her chest and became a physical ache as tears threatened to spill from her eyes. Why had she allowed this to happen?
She sulked in her depression for the remainder of the day, not interacting with her escorts at all until they reached the inn where they would be spending the night. As the carriage creaked to a stop, she sat upright and pretended to rub the sleep from her eyes.
Lord Shillington cleared his throat. “Are you feeling better, Lady Amelia? You must be famished from skipping the midday meal.” He jumped down from the carriage and extended his hand to help Lady Jane and then Amelia down.
She pushed through her heartache and fibbed, “Yes, I feel a mite better and certainly a bit famished as well.”
He tucked her hand inside of his arm and led her into the main room of the inn. “Let us get you some nourishment then before you and Jane retire.”
Jane smiled sweetly. “I do not see how Lady Amelia will be able to sleep tonight after napping the day away.”
Amelia sat at the table and smoothed her skirts before placing her hands in her lap. A robust lady in an apron and cap scurried over filling their water glasses before taking their order and bustling away.
Lord Shillington agreed. “Perhaps a walk after the meal will aid you in both feeling better and sleeping well?” He regarded her, and something akin to hope welled in his eyes. It was no secret he had fancied her for years.
Amelia reached for her glass. “Yes, a walk sounds nice. I am sure the fresh air will do wonders for me.” She turned to face his sister. “And Lady Jane, you will join us, won’t you? Surely you need to stretch your legs after spending the day in a carriage.”
Lady Jane lifted her napkin. “A walk sounds delightful.”
Amelia had no interest in a future with Lord Shillington. It would do her no good at all to have him thinking otherwise. Lady Jane’s presence would prevent any opportunity for him to make a romantic overture. Not that she believed he would. After all, it would not be gentlemanlike. Alas, she saw no reason to take any chances. No need to risk complicating her life further.
Her stomach grumbled when the savory scents of the night’s meal drifted to her. The mutton with roasted potatoes and carrots looked marvelous. She ate her fill, and finished the meal with delectable hot pudding. Lord Shillington and Lady Jane talked of their visit to Sheffield and their excitement at returning to London. Amelia welcomed the distraction after spending so many hours stewing in her own misery. How had she become such a fool?
After finishing the meal, Lord Shillington escorted Lady Jane and Amelia outside. The night air wrapped her in warmth as she meandered along the path carved through the inn’s garden. The moon cast a welcoming glow and invited her to continue along as she did her best to engage in small talk with her companions. Lady Jane shared London gossip, while Lord Shillington scolded her for telling the tales.
As hard as Amelia tried not to think about Richard, memories of their time together kept creeping back into her mind. Recollections of his arms wrapped around her and the pleasure she had found in his touch flooded her with sadness. She shook her head, gently urging the thoughts to go away. Nothing could be done about it now. She had to forget and move forward, she had no other option. Amelia turned her attention back to the conversation at hand.
Lady Jane’s voice filled the air around her. “Did you hear tell of Lady Vivian’s blunder at her coming out? The poor dear.”
“No, I cannot say that I have. Do tell,” Amelia urged, sure the gossip would not be worth listening to, but desperate for the distraction.
“Her coming out occurred the night before we left London. I happened to be in attendance so I saw it with my own eyes.” Laughter floated from Lady Jane’s lips and she swept her arm out away from her body. “Lady Vivian tripped on her way off the dance floor, falling into the Marchioness of Hillerton and sending them both crashing to the floor.”
Lord Shillington interjected, “I find little humor in it myself. Why, the poor girl may never recover from the incident. Shame on you, Jane, laughing at her when you should be supporting her. Lady Vivian is a close friend of our family.”
Lady Jane wrapped her arms around her waist. “Yes, of course. I am sorry, but even you must admit she made quite a stir.”
“I am feeling rather tired all of a sudden. Might we return to the inn?” Amelia feigned a small yawn. In truth, she agreed with Lord Shillington and did not care to hear anymore about Lady Vivian’s faux pas.
Lord Shillington turned his gaze on her. “Certainly, Lady Amelia. The rooms should be ready for us by now. You and Lady Jane will share a room. Mine is directly across the hall should you ladies need me.”
She wanted desperately to sleep through her heartache, and prayed Richard would appear in her dreams. More than that, she wanted to escape from the endless chatter of her companions.

Chapter 16

Amelia settled into the carriage prepared for another day of travel with her bothersome yet polite companions. After spending two long days with the siblings and their endless chatter, she would be elated to arrive back at Abernathy House this evening. A part of her felt remorseful for being hard on the siblings, nonetheless, the fact remained she wasn’t enjoying their company.
She turned to Lord Shillington. “Do you think we might arrive in time for the evening meal?”
Lady Jane tipped her head to one side, eyeing her brother. “I hope so. I have had all I can stand of this carriage.”
“I feel confident in saying we will be back in London for the evening meal, ladies. If you would like, we might even stop for a picnic lunch. We have plenty of time if it would please you.” He stared directly into Amelia’s eyes as he finished his statement.
“Oh no, that would not please me in the least. I do not wish to do anything that will delay our arrival.” Her curls bounced as she shook her head.
“I assure you we are running ahead of schedule. Stopping will not delay our arrival by more than an hour. We will still make London well before sunset.” Lord Shillington tipped his chin toward the window.
Lady Jane looked at Amelia as Lord Shillington glanced between her and his sister. “I agree with Lady Jane. Let us lunch in the carriage as we did the previous days.” She exhaled a sigh of relief when his stare moved from her back to his sister.
A frown pulled at his lips. “Who am I to argue with the desires of two ladies? The carriage it shall be.”
Lady Jane fanned herself. “Oh, how you do carry on, dear brother.”
Amelia rolled her eyes heavenward then commenced staring out the small carriage window. This journey could not end soon enough. She longed for the companionship of Grace and Sarah, though she had little idea how she would explain herself to them. Surely they would be surprised when she told them she now wished to follow Uncle Lewis’s orders.
“I hear you have closed up Everthorne and sent most of your servants away,” Lady Jane said.
Lord Shillington turned his head so he once again stared at Amelia. “Do you intend to stay under Her Grace’s chaperonage until you marry?”
She preferred it when the gossip did not center around her. All the same she directed a smile at him. They came easier now that her broken heart was walled in by sheer will.
How dare the duke walk away from her and speak to others about her as though she were a burden. Once again treating her like a common tart. She would be better off without him, and being on a different continent would ensure they did not meet again.
She drew in a breath before answering their questions. “I intend to go to America and stay with my Uncle Lewis. I am scheduled to board a ship in three days’ time.”
Lord Shillington’s jaw slackened. He had no doubt been taken by surprise. His mouth snapped shut as he regained his composure. “How long do you intend to stay there?”
Amelia glanced over at Lady Jane before, directing her attention back to Lord Shillington’s studying gaze. “Two years. At that time I will have reached the age of majority and will return to Everthorne.”
Jane unfolded her hands and began fiddling with her skirt. “America sounds like a wonderful adventure, but two years is a very long time. Are you excited?” She studied Amelia while she waited on an answer, a large grin plastered on her lips.
“Not excited exactly, but I am looking forward to it. I realize I have no choice. Uncle Lewis is my guardian, and so I must go where he is.” Amelia smoothed her skirt, not at all certain she believed her own words. “Surely it will not be that bad. I will attend parties and make friends. Plus, I will learn about America firsthand. Uncle Lewis owns a large plantation, so I will have room to ride and stroll on his grounds.” She intended for her words to convince herself more than anyone else. She still did not want to go to America, but more importantly, she did not want to marry a random lord.
“It does sound splendid,” Lady Jane agreed.
Lord Shillington exhaled loudly. “I dare say, I do not want you to go, but I see you have no choice in the matter.” He rubbed his palm across his cheek, anxiety visible in his gaze.
“I will miss you as well, but it is a wonderful opportunity. I wish I could travel to new places, just not by carriage.” Lady Jane’s flighty laughter filled the space.
The next several hours were spent listening to Lady Jane daydream aloud about the places she wished to visit.
As Lord Shillington had promised, the sights of London became visible through the carriage window while the sun still hovered high in the sky. Soon, the busy streets of London surrounded her, and her senses became invigorated with familiar sounds and smells. People rushed up and down the street and the calls of vendors filled her ears as they continued through London’s streets tucked safely away in the carriage.
Lady Jane clapped her hands together. “Thank goodness we are back! It seemed like an eternity.” She smiled at Amelia. “We will take you straight to Abernathy House. I imagine you cannot wait to escape this contraption.” She turned in her brother’s direction.
Lord Shillington nodded. “Yes, I think it is safe to say we have all had enough traveling to last us for weeks.”
Amelia agreed whole heartedly. “Thank you.”
Lord Shillington insisted on walking her in once they arrived at Abernathy House. She tried to assure him it was not necessary, but he refused to hear any of it. The duchess’s butler opened the door as Amelia approached, her hand tucked under Lord Shillington’s arm, before bowing and taking her reticule. “Her Grace is in the drawing room. I will announce you at once.”
“Very well.” Lord Shillington handed the butler his calling card.
Amelia glanced furtively at Lord Shillington. “Thank you for your chivalry, but I will be perfectly fine from here. I am sure Lady Jane would prefer not to be kept waiting.” She grinned hopefully.
He shook his head gently from one side to the other before his gaze locked with hers. “I know you are capable, Lady Amelia, but I would feel better if I spoke to Her Grace before leaving. Lady Jane will be fine for a few more minutes.” He offered his arm. “Shall we?”
She gracefully accepted, allowing him to guide her into the drawing room. Grace beamed a welcoming smile as they entered before standing and coming to Amelia’s side. She placed a kiss on her cheek before turning to Lord Shillington. “I would like to thank you for taking care of Lady Amelia.”
“That is not necessary. I am always happy to help.” He glanced back at her, grinning.
“All the same, I am grateful for your assistance.”
“Your Grace, it was truly an honor.” Lord Shillington nodded slightly toward the door. “And now I must take my leave.” He bowed to the duchess before turning to saunter from the room.
Without speaking, Grace returned to her seat and motioned for Amelia to join her. She did as directed, her pulse quickening in anticipation of what the duchess might say. The sound of the main door clicking closed reached her ears just before Grace spoke.
“How is it you wound up traveling across the countryside with my nephew?” Grace looked at her pointedly.
Amelia swallowed back a lump in her throat. “I received news of Lord Roseington’s engagement, as well as a letter from Uncle Lewis.” She frowned. “I was already upset about how my plans continued to fail and felt rather hopeless after hearing about the engagement. Then when I read in Uncle Lewis’s letter that he had arranged passage for me, and I would be departing several days before the original agreement, I sank into despair.” She paused, taking in a deep breath.
Grace nodded quizzically. “Go on, dear, tell me all of it.”
A blush crept across her face at what she would and would not be sharing. “I could not think and I did not know what to do or where to turn. I acted foolishly when I ran from the house, and more so when I raced out of London.” She looked up from her lap, directing her gaze to meet Grace’s. “I had no idea where I would go, but knew I needed to get away. After taking a nap in the woods north of town, I decided I should go to Everthorne.”
Grace covered her heart with one delicately gloved hand. “Surely you jest; you did not sleep in the woods!”
“I assure you, it is not a jest. A rider scared me off the road. I thought it might be a member of the ton and did not want to be discovered. Once I left the road, I decided it would be better if I rested a while and waited for the road to clear.”
“There is little doubt you acted foolishly, but bravely as well. What happened next?” Grace leaned toward Amelia.
“After my nap I started on my way to Everthorne, feeling quite confident that going home would provide me with the clarity I desired.” Amelia played with a fold in her skirt. “After traveling several miles unnoticed, another rider approached and again I tried to run. Only this time, I did not get away.”
Grace’s eyes remained riveted on Amelia as she drank in the tale.
Amelia continued. “It was the Duke of Goldstone, and he demanded I go with him. A storm approached, making it imperative for us to find shelter.” Heat spread across her chest and rose onto her face as she continued, “Everthorne was but a short distance, so we continued there and spent the night.”
Grace smiled reassuringly. “I believe I know the rest. My nephew sent me a letter, informing me of the fact he had little choice but to take you with him until he could find a proper chaperone to bring you home.”
Amelia nodded. “That is correct. The duke ran into Lord Shillington in Sheffield, and arranged for him and Lady Jane to escort me back to London.”
Grace stood up and moved to the window. “It sounds like quite the adventure, dear.”
“It certainly was. I imagine all of London is gossiping about me now.” It did not matter to her if they were. She would soon be gone from London at any rate.
Grace moved to stand beside her. “If they knew about your adventure, I am sure they would be. Alas, no one other than Lady Sarah noticed your absence. She would not gossip about you. I am also quite certain my nephew instructed Lady Jane and Lord Shillington to keep private matters quiet. It would be imprudent to go against the wishes of a duke. The Shillington’s are not so foolish as to ignore a direct order from the Duke of Goldstone. That leaves only me, and I would never spread your secrets.” She patted Amelia’s shoulder.
Amelia folded her hands in her lap. “It doesn’t signify. I do not care if all of London finds me out. I will not be around to suffer for it much longer.”
Grace’s warm brown gaze met with hers. “Have you given up altogether? There is still time to find a husband. I can host another party, or appeal to Mr. Lewis for more time.”
She smiled at Her Grace’s enthusiasm. “It isn’t necessary. I have decided a loveless marriage is not for me. It seems best for me to accept my fate rather than fight it.”
Grace grinned warmly and tipped her chin up. “Lord knows I am grateful for the love I shared with my duke. I do hope you find a love match of your own someday.” She sighed before focusing on Amelia. “My nephew would not have anything to do with your change of heart, would he?”
Amelia folded her hands nervously, all the while hoping her expression would not betray her. “Of course not, that is preposterous. All the time I spent in thought changed my mind.” She breathed a sigh of relief when Grace appeared satisfied with her answer.
“Very well then, dear, I give you my blessing.”
* * * *
Amelia played with a loose tendril of hair as she stared into the mirror. “You will need to pack all of my mourning weeds, but do not waste space on my normal gowns. I will order a new American wardrobe once my time of mourning is past.” She spun around to face Edna. “As for my other effects, only pack what is here at Abernathy House.”
Edna threw a smile over her shoulder as she continued placing items from Amelia’s wardrobe into a trunk. “Are you quite certain you do not wish to have any items from Everthorne?”
“I have no intention of becoming comfortable in America; it will not become my home. Nor do I wish to travel heavy. One trunk and my valise will be plenty.” She stood and traipsed to the door. “See that everything is in order by sundown. It simply will not do to be scrambling about in the morning.”
Edna stopped her task and stood, her eyes leveled on Amelia. “I am glad you reconsidered the move. I know it was not easy for you.” Her lips lifted in a glorious curve. “Might you also reconsider and allow me to retrieve a few items from Everthorne? Perhaps a miniature of your parents, or their wedding bands? I can hardly stand the idea of leaving it all behind.”
Amelia closed her eyes. “Very well, but see that everything fits in one trunk.”
She slipped out the door and down the hall before Edna could make any more requests that she did not have the energy to deal with. It would not benefit her to concentrate on what she would be leaving behind; rather, her focus needed to remain fixed on what must be done. Otherwise her courage and composure would be lost.
Her emotions were as finicky as a summer storm churning over the sea. Sobs racked her body this morning with regret for the mess she had made of things. Then anger rode in and replaced the sorrow. She set her lips in a tight line and straightened her back as she remembered how the duke abandoned her. She would not shed another tear over the blackguard. Now with her resolve firmly in place, she found comfort in the fact she would soon be on a different continent.
Her hand glided along the cool mahogany rail as she descended the stairs, with thoughts of what else must be done swirling through her mind.
Grace’s butler stood at the foot of the grand staircase, his chin elevated. “Lady Amelia, Lady Sarah is awaiting you in the drawing room.” His voice echoed through the large foyer.
Amelia grinned, truly happy at the prospect of spending her last day in London with her dearest friend. “Thank you.”
He bowed gracefully, his gray hair swaying and a stately grin fixed upon his mouth before he turned to amble away.
Amelia quickened her pace, nearly running down the remaining stairs as she clutched her skirts so she would not trip. She had much to tell Sarah, so many things to discuss and share with her. Sarah knew nothing of her impending departure, nor the fact she had decided not to marry. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, she released her skirts and took a moment to smooth them before entering the drawing room.
“Lady Sarah, I am so pleased to see you.” She went to Sarah and placed a kiss on one cheek before pulling her into a close embrace.
Sarah returned Amelia’s hug before stepping away. “My, you act as though you were gone for years. All the same, I am glad to see you, and relieved as well. I became frightened when you ran off and concerned when Her Grace told me the Duke of Goldstone was escorting you to Leeds.”
Amelia’s heart roiled at the reminder of her time with Richard as a tidal wave of regret swept through her. She forced her focus back to Lady Sarah. “I have so much to tell you. Let us sit?” Amelia motioned toward the settee near the hearth.
Sarah walked toward it. “Of course, and then you must tell me everything.”
Amelia began her story as soon as they settled on the settee, telling Sarah everything just the way she had told it to Grace, but then continued on to share the rest of her journey. Sarah listened to every word, finding the part about the cottage fire and the peasant woman to be the most riveting. She stifled a gasp with one gloved hand as Amelia spoke of wearing a peasant’s gown. Sarah asked a few questions, but mostly just smiled and nodded as Amelia recited the tale. Naturally, she omitted all of the parts that included inappropriate and scandalous behaviors between Richard and herself.
“Fancy that, my being forced to travel three days with Lord Shillington and his sister.” Amelia waved her fan.
“I imagine nary a second proved dull,” Sarah replied, before bursting into a fit of mirth. “It has been my experience that whenever Lord Shillington is involved, there is something to talk about.”
“Indeed, but I have already told you everything. Truly, knocking over the glass of water at the inn proved to be the worst of it. Now, do let us talk of something else. I have more exciting news to share.”
Sarah folded her hands on her lap and leaned forward. “I cannot imagine what could possibly top your adventure. Do tell.”
Amelia inhaled a deep steadying breath as she met Sarah’s gaze. “I have decided to move to America and will depart shortly after sunrise tomorrow.” Sarah frowned, then smirked and frowned again before she stood up, a look of utter confusion upon her face. “I haven’t the right words. I am relieved the folly has met its end, but do not wish to see you go.” She paced the length of the room, her skirts trailing behind her. “Maybe you should be honest with Mr. Lewis. Share the reasons you wish to remain in London with him. Perhaps he would agree to let you stay on with the duchess.”
“No, you do not understand. It is not a rash decision. I have thought about it and decided America is not the worst place for me to be.”
Sarah turned to Amelia, bewilderment plainly marked her face. “What could be worse than leaving England?”
Amelia waved her hand through the air for emphasis as she spoke. “A loveless marriage, being a wife to some lord I hardly like, or worse, one who does not care for me.” She put on a brave face and brought her hands to rest in her lap.
Lady Sarah arranged herself back against the cushion of her previously abandoned seat. “Marriage for love is so rare. I think it is more often the case for love to follow the vows. It certainly could be the case for you.” Sarah smiled encouragingly.
Amelia locked gazes with Sarah before she enunciated her words. “I am not willing to take the risk. I know love is possible and have decided I will not settle for less.” She glanced at the window. “Honestly, I am a titled and wealthy woman in my own right. I have no need of a husband.”
“Very well, but are you certain two years in America is what you want?”
Amelia directed her attention back to her friend. “No, but it is inarguably my fate.” She grinned, hoping to reassure Sarah that all would be fine.
“I can see your mind is made up, but do not understand the reason for your change of heart. When you ran off you were willing to do anything to stay in England. There must be something you have not shared with me.” Sarah glanced down at her hands, then looked back at Amelia.
Amelia offered a smile. “It was merely all the time I spent in thought, nothing more.” She glanced at the window, needing a distraction. “The day is splendid. Would you care to take a stroll in the garden?” Perhaps a change of scenery would also correct the direction of their conversation. Much more of the present chat and she would be telling Lady Sarah all about her time with the duke. Recounting how she had fallen in love and gotten her heart broken. The blasted indecent blackguard of a man--if she could see him now, she would most thoroughly maim him.
“I am afraid I must decline. Mother is expecting me home, so I really must be going.” Sarah stood. “She’s hosting a luncheon in honor of my brother’s engagement. I cannot believe he proposed without a word to me.” She grimaced.
“I am sure it came as quite a surprise.” Amelia’s cheeks warmed at the reminder as she stood. “Promise to write me often?”
“Of course, and you must return to England as soon as you can.” Sarah reached for her hand and squeezed it gently. “Nothing will be the same once you are gone.”
Amelia smiled at her closest friend as she released her hand. “I shall set sail on the very day I turn one-and-twenty.”
“Should I not see you again before you depart, know I will be thinking about you and wishing you safe travels.” Sarah turned and took a few hesitant steps toward the exit.
“Do not worry yourself. I will be fine. Now, go be with your family.” Tears threatened to escape as Amelia watched her best friend trek out of the room. She knew she would miss her a great deal and could not imagine finding a friend like Sarah in her new, temporary home.
After taking a few calming breaths, she regained her composure and wandered out into the garden. The sun warmed her face as she dropped her parasol and closed her eyes, tipping her chin toward the cerulean sky. A slight breeze caressed her curls and rustled her skirts. How she would miss her beloved England.

Chapter 17

Richard strolled toward his aunt’s private sitting room determined to speak with her. He prayed Amelia had not already done something rash. His heart clenched at the very thought of her being engaged, or worse, wed to some Englishman.
He never should have sent her back to London. What a fool he had been to try and deny his feelings for her. Anger at himself for ruining her had clouded his judgment. He knew she did not want him, but he made love to her anyway. Then after he left her, the words she had spoken rang in his head. Had he been wrong? Did she want him? He would never forgive himself if his actions pushed her into another man’s arms.
Aunt Grace sat reading a book when he entered her sitting room. He cleared his throat to get her attention.
She smiled up at him. “Richard dear, it gladdens my heart to have you back.”
He moved farther into the room. “I must know what Lady Amelia has done.”
“Whatever do you mean?” She placed the book on her side table.
After pouring himself a brandy, he sat in the chair across from her. “I discovered her plan to wed before I left London. I must know if she was successful in her scheme.”
Aunt Grace studied him with her warm gaze. “Something happened between the two of you.”
Sweat coated his palms as he lifted his glass for a drink. Should he tell his aunt how he ruined Amelia? That he was back to claim her? “Aunt Grace, my reasons are of no consequence.”
A knowing twinkle crept into her gaze. “Lady Amelia has decided to go to America. You will find her in the garden, but do not tarry, she is set to sail at dawn.”
His heart skipped a beat. America, she was planning to go to America. Had she simply run out of time, or had she fallen in love with him? He had to go to her. Convince her to stay, to marry him. He walked to the door before turning back to Aunt Grace. “Thank you.”
She nodded her head, a wide smile tugging her lips. “Go quickly, dear.”
* * * *
As though pulled by an invisible thread, Amelia found herself standing in front of the fountain where she had first kissed Richard--the stone lovers a monument to all she once wished for.
An intense ache took hold of her body. Tears streamed freely from her eyes and glided unrestricted down her cheeks as she crumpled into a shaking heap of black parramatta silk and crape at the base of the fountain. Her shoulders lifted of their own accord as sobs racked her body. “Why?” The question left her mouth, floating away on the breeze.
Pushing herself off the ground, she turned and kicked the fountain. The Duke of Goldstone had proved himself unworthy of her tears. He was a rake who’d used her and then thrown her away without a care. The rake could not even be bothered to listen to what she tried to tell him. Wiping the tears from her cheeks, she peered into the pool of water. “I will waste no more energy on him.” She straightened her back determined to leave the memories and pain behind when she sailed away on the morrow.
“Lady Amelia, I have been searching all over for you.” The familiar voice of Lord Shillington reached her ears. “I was told I would find you in the garden.”
Amelia twirled to face the intruder with a smile pasted in place despite the turbulent emotions churning within her. He ambled toward her, than came to an abrupt stop merely a foot from where she stood.
“I must speak with you right away,” he said, a wide grin seated firmly on his face. “I simply cannot stand the thought of you leaving England. I have thought of little else since the declaration left your tender mouth.” He took a few steps closer.
Alarm bells rang in the back of Amelia’s mind. “Lord Shillington, what is this about?”
His smile deepened, and his gaze settled on hers. “It is no secret that I have been enamored by you for quite some time now--”
She glanced away, panic welling up in her. “Do not continue on this path, I beg you. My mind is made up. I will go to America.”
Lord Shillington took hold of her hands. “Amelia, I have to say this. Look at me, please.”
Against all reason, she returned her focus to him, granting her permission for him to continue on with a faint nod of her head.
“I intended to wait until your time of mourning ceased, but circumstance will not allow for it.” He released her clammy hands as he slowly lowered himself to balance on one knee. “My dearest Amelia, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
Richard’s smooth baritone boomed through the air like a crash of thunder. “You are wasting your energy, Shillington. She’s already spoken for.”
Her heart veritably left her chest as Lord Shillington tumbled backwards, landing on his haunches. She turned to face the duke, her cheeks burning with fury. “I most certainly am not!”
Richard closed the distance between them before she had a chance to run away and took hold of her arms. “You are, and you very well know it.”
Amelia glared at him, all of her anger and disappointment threatening to overwhelm her as she searched for the appropriate words. When they did not come, she stomped on his foot. “Let go of me this instant. You have no right trying to lay claim to me after casting me aside.” When he released her, she moved to the opposite side of the fountain.
Lord Shillington regained his footing. “It seems the lady does not wish for your attention, Goldstone. Perhaps you should leave us.”
Her gaze never faltered from Richard’s handsome face as she battled the emotions sweeping through her. A stormy scowl sculpted his features as she watched. He moved with confidence, closing the gap between them while coming within reach of Lord Shillington.
She moved, positioning herself between the two lords, one hand rested firmly on Richard’s chest while her eyes meet Lord Shillington’s. “It is true that the duke is seriously misled in his assertions, but they are not entirely unfounded. I cannot accept your proposal.” She forced a gentle grin. “I am both flattered and grateful you tried to save me from my fate, but I must go to America.”
Lord Shillington looked at his feet before he glanced back at her. “I wish you’d reconsider, but as it stands, I have no choice other than to accept your decision.” He glared past her at Richard. “Shall I escort you back to the house, Lady Amelia?”
“That will not be necessary.”
“Surely it is not your desire to stay here with Goldstone.” The words seethed liked venom.
“You heard the lady, Shillington. Now see your way out before I am forced to help you.” Richard’s tone vibrated with danger.
“Lord Shillington, please excuse us. I must speak to the duke.”
His searing gaze met hers, and she nodded, praying he would leave before Richard brought harm upon his person.
“As you wish, Lady Amelia.” Lord Shillington shot another glare at Richard, then trudged down the path that led back to Abernathy House. Silence filled the air as she watched him go.
“Amelia.” Her name emanated from Richard’s mouth, causing her belly to flutter.
When she turned her head, she focused on his heated gaze, and her insides quivered. Dropping her hand from his warm, muscled chest she stepped back in an effort to collect her wits. She tore her gaze away and willed her anger back. “How dare you impose on me and throw around your will. You left me! Why are you here?” She curled her fingers into her palms.
He stepped forward and reached for her, but she sidestepped his advance. “Do not touch me. You have lost that privilege.”
He flinched, dropping his arms back to his sides. “Amelia, let me explain. I was angry--”
“The way you allowed me to explain, before you abandoned me and left me with Lord Shillington and his sister?”
He caught her off guard, wrapping her in his firm embrace and merging his lips with hers. His tender lips pressed to hers stole all of her resolve as she melted into him, hungrily taking what he offered.
Breaking the kiss, he stared into her eyes. “That is better. Now might I have a word?”
Amelia lifted her hand and brought it down across his chiseled cheek. “Nothing is better, do you hear me, nothing. Take your hands from me this--”
He smothered her words below another demanding kiss. This time, she fought the urge to abandon herself and pushed hard against his chest. He removed his mouth from hers, releasing her as he chuckled deeply, sensually.
She desperately tried to catch her breath while she fought the urge to toss herself back into his embrace.
“If you are ready to hear me out, I promise not to kiss you again.” He smirked seductively. “That is, until you ask me to.”
His final words caused her to laugh boisterously. It was not the first time she had heard them. She recovered herself, settling her gaze back on him. “That is something I shall never do.”
His irritating grin never faltered. “We will see about that.”
She leaned her hip on the fountain’s edge and took a deep breath bracing herself for his explanation. “I am listening. Speak your piece, and when you have finished, you can leave me to mine.”
He raked his fingers through his thick onyx hair before they came to rest at his side. “I arranged for Shillington to escort you back before we made love.”
“Oh, is that what we are calling it? Pray, do go on.” She arched one brow in partial amusement.
“I left because I was angry at myself for compromising you.” He stepped closer and rested one hand on the fountain next to her hip. “I barely made Leeds before posting a letter home and turning back toward London.” His gaze seemed to be searching her soul. “I have returned to make you my duchess. Marry me, Amelia.”
Her tone came out frosty. “Why would I do that?”
“You may well be carrying my child, and as I have already stated, I compromised you.”
A baby--she had never considered the possibility. She moved one hand to rest upon her midsection. “I will not marry you. If I do indeed carry your offspring, I will raise it on my own, in America.”
“Do not be daft. If you are carrying our child, we owe the babe a family and the legitimacy to be gained through our union.” His voice raised by several octaves. “Our child would be heir to a dukedom!”
She stood and paced a few steps away before glaring back to him. “I am not carrying your child.”
The idea of carrying his baby settled into her heart, and she began to hope against reason that it could indeed be the case. A baby would give her a piece of him to cherish. A piece of him that would return her love.
“You have no way of knowing that, Amelia. Marry me?” He came up behind her and placed his arms around her. His hands rested gently on top of hers so that both of them caressed her midsection.
“It is of little consequence. It does not change the fact I cannot marry you.”
He moved his mouth close to her ear. “Why is it that you cannot marry the man who loves you?”
His warm breath on her neck sent tingles down her spine, and she swallowed hard. Her knees buckled as the words registered in her mind. She slumped against his hard body. Could it be true? Did he love her? He must be lying. She regained her strength and stepped out of his embrace. “How can you claim to love me after casting me away like a common tart?” The words burned her throat. She searched his eyes for the truth.
“Can you see your scheming was part of what made me so angry? I was hurt because you remained so focused on marrying an English lord that you could not see my love for you. And I was angry at myself for compromising you despite your plans. I knew when I bedded you that you planned to return to London and marry. I could not handle the knowledge that the woman I loved did not return my affection.”
He loved her. She could see it in his tormented gaze and hear it in the way his voice cracked. She threw herself into his embrace and smiled up at him. “Say it again? Tell me you love me?”
“I love you more than mere words could ever express. I want to spend the remainder of my days and nights with you, Amelia. Be it here in England or in Scotland makes no difference to me as long as you are by my side.” He brushed a curl away from her cheek. “Lady Amelia Cosgrove, Viscountess of Everthorne, will you do me the immense honor of becoming my wife?”
“Yes.”
He brought his lips to hers, kissing her soundly. Her breasts pressed against his hard chest as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders. He pulled her closer, his kiss demanding more.
She softened under him, meeting his hunger with her own as desire spread through her. Would this always be her reaction to him?
She giggled girlishly when he broke the kiss and swept her into his arms. Her heart soared as she held onto him like a person in danger of drowning. He cradled her against his strong chest before carrying her to a nearby bench and arranging her on his lap.
She slapped him playfully on the arm. “Had you allowed me to speak back in Sheffield, we could have avoided all of this. I wanted to tell you that I no longer planned to marry. I had decided to abandon my trifling and go to America because I could no longer imagine a loveless marriage. I hoped against reason you would return my feelings and stop me then.”
He reached up and feathered the fingers of one hand across her cheek, sending a parade of tingles through her. “You have my sincerest apologies. I shall spend the rest of my days making it up to you.” He smiled.
“And you can be assured I will hold you to your words, but for now I would prefer to plan our wedding.”
“I will procure a special license so we can marry without delay. Where would you like to hold the ceremony?”
She beamed. “Here by the fountain, and I want it to be a small affair. Naturally, Lady Sarah will stand with me, and Grace must be here too. There will not be time enough for Uncle Lewis to attend, but I must send him a letter.”
Richard pulled her in for a tender kiss full of promise.
She had found her home.

Epilogue

Amelia glanced up as Lady Sarah swept into her bedchamber with Grace and Edna on her heels.
“Good morning! We have come to help you get ready.”
Grace beamed. “It is a glorious day for a wedding.”
Amelia stood and returned their sentiments with her whole soul. “A splendid day indeed. I have never been happier.”
Grace lifted Amelia’s hands into her own. “I could not be more pleased. It is a blessing of the best kind to have you joining my family. I am proud to call you my niece.” She squeezed gently before she released Amelia’s hands.
“There will be time enough for that after the ceremony. Right now we need to get her ready.” Lady Sarah motioned Amelia toward Edna, who stood near a pile of fabric.
Amelia sashayed over, then removed her wrapper before Edna started piling on the petticoats. She moved her gaze over the gown Grace had commissioned for her. It hung against the wardrobe, a tranquil waterfall of silk and organdy. Hand-sewn pearls dotted the fabric while lace trimmed the bodice, sleeves, and hem.
“The gown is stunning, Your Grace, thank you.” Amelia grinned at her as Edna adjusted the final petticoat.
“You will appear every bit a duchess in it.” Lady Sarah positioned herself near the vanity.
“You have no need to thank me, dear. It was my pleasure. I am simply relieved the seamstress was able to complete it on such short notice.” Grace nodded.
“I would not have believed it possible if the proof weren’t hanging in front of me.” Lady Sarah placed a hand on her hip. “An entire gown in less than forty-eight hours--it is quite the feat.”
“Are you ready?” Edna held out the wedding gown.
Amelia glanced at her friends before turning her attention to Edna. “I have never been more ready.”
A swoosh of silk and organdy glided over her body, encasing her in splendor. Edna fastened the tiny buttons down her back while Lady Sarah smoothed the skirts. Once secured in the gown, Amelia stepped into a pair of ornate slippers. Last of all, Edna pulled her white lace gloves into place.
Grace rested her hand on her chest, tears glistening in her eyes. “My dear, you are a vision. Turn and let me see the back.”
Amelia moved so her back faced the duchess. “It is the most beautiful gown I have ever worn.”
“Let us get your hair styled so we can see the full effect.” Grace settled into a chair, placing her hands in her lap.
Amelia moved to the vanity and carefully positioned herself on the stool, trying not to wrinkle the gown. Edna went to work plaiting, twisting, and curling Amelia’s locks.
Lady Sarah approached and placed a diamond and pearl tiara with orange blossoms woven through it on the vanity. “The Duke of Goldstone asked that I give this to you on his behalf.”
Amelia turned to Sarah. “It is magnificent.” She reached out a hand and cautiously feathered her fingers across it.
Grace laughed. “You will not break it. They’re stronger than they seem.” She stood, sauntered to the vanity, and lifted the tiara into her hands. “May I?”
Amelia nodded as Edna released the last curl from the hot iron.
Grace placed the tiara onto her head. Once Edna secured the tiara in place and attached the fine linen veil, Amelia stood, facing her friends.
“The duke will be breathless when he sees you moving down the aisle,” Lady Sarah brushed her hand down Amelia’s veil.
Grace tipped her head to one side. “Indeed, he will.”
Edna sat down the comb she held in her hand. “Is there anything else you require?”
“A light snack?” Amelia glanced at Lady Sarah. “Is there time?”
Sarah nodded. “Yes, we have about twenty minutes to spare.”
“Bring up some cheese and berries,” Grace instructed.
Edna curtsied then left to retrieve the requested items.
“Have you any idea where you are going after the wedding?” Sarah asked.
Amelia walked to the window and gazed out at the street below. “He did not say. Wherever it is will be perfect. So long as we are together, I know I will be happy.”
“My dear husband surprised me with a wedding trip to Paris. I will always cherish the memories of our first weeks together as husband and wife.” Grace dabbed at the moisture pooling in her eyes. “You know it is rare for the groom to tell anyone other than his best man where he intends to take his bride.”
Edna carried in a tray laden with sliced cheese and berries. She placed it on the table, then curtsied and took her leave.
Sarah reached for a plump strawberry. “All the same, I would want to know where I was going.”
Amelia swallowed the cheese she had been chewing. “I think the surprise of it is rather romantic.”
“Tell us about the proposal,” Grace requested.
“And do not leave anything out.” Sarah’s voice held a teasing lilt.
They listened ardently as Amelia recounted the parts she was willing to share. She told them how Richard stopped Lord Shillington’s proposal and declared his love for her, but saw no reason to give away private details.
“What a romantic story. I hope I someday have a similar experience.” Lady Sarah clutched her hands to her heart.
Grace grinned. “I think we had better be going. Your groom waits by the fountain.”
Amelia walked down the cobblestone path, past the servants who had gathered to watch, and toward her waiting bridegroom.
Grace stood to his side while Lady Sarah waited across from them. Holding a bible the clergyman waited in front of the fountain. The stone lovers locked in their eternal embrace cast a romantic shadow over the group.
A man stepped out onto the path, freezing her in place. “Uncle Lewis.”
He hurried toward her, a smile on his face.
“How? When did you arrive?” Amelia’s heartbeat threatened to bust the seams of her gown.
“Fate, and I am glad for it.” He offered his arm.
Amelia threaded her hand through the crook of his elbow. “I do not understand?”
“My ship became damaged not even a fortnight after departure and had to turn back. You’d not want to listen to my tale while your groom waits at the altar. I will tell you all about it after your nuptials.” He patted her hand.
“You are not cross with me?” She glanced at him impishly.
He shook his head. “On the contrary, I am pleased. Now let us get you married.”
Amelia turned back toward the altar. Richard’s gaze locked with hers as she continued her wedding march.
Richard grinned roguishly, sending a thrill clear to her toes. She smiled back, her gaze never leaving his as they approached. When they reached her groom, Uncle Lewis placed her hands in Richard’s outstretched ones.
“We are gathered--” the clergyman began.
She remained focused on Richard while she recited the words of matrimony with her whole heart, then listened with tears of joy in her eyes when he did the same.
“With the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife,” the clergyman announced.
Her husband, the duke, leaned in and kissed her deeply.
“I love you, Duchess of Goldstone,” he whispered against her lips.
Amelia walked hand in hand with Richard up the cobblestone path past their guests and through a shower of birdseed.
The sensations caused by the simple contact of his hand holding hers sent delectable sensations through her. She longed for more contact as her pulse raced and her cheeks heated.
She looked at her husband, a coy smirk upon her lips. “Must we wait for tonight?”
He sucked in his bottom lip and raked his teeth across it. “You will be my undoing, woman.”
She laughed as he led her into Abernathy House for their wedding breakfast. He positioned her by the dining room entrance and stood next to her, still holding her hand in his while they waited for Grace, Uncle Lewis, and Sarah. There would be no other guests, a fact that pleased Amelia. She wanted only their closest friends and family present.
The duchess outdid herself with the decorations, both in the garden and the house. An arch of red and pink roses flanked the doorway she and Richard stood by, and large floral arrangements sat poised around the dining room. She allowed her gaze to take in the whole scene.
Amelia beamed at her friends and uncle as they approached.
Uncle Lewis shook her husband’s hand. “Congratulations. You have gotten a very special wife. Treat her well.”
Richard placed a hand on Uncle Lewis’s shoulder and grinned. “I know how lucky I am.”
Richard gave Amelia’s hand a little squeeze.
Uncle Lewis turned to Amelia. “I am happy you found a good match.” He leaned in and kissed her cheek before he stepped aside.
“It was a beautiful ceremony,” Sarah said to her before turning to Richard. “Congratulations.”
As Lady Sarah moved aside, Grace stepped up and embraced her nephew. “Congratulations, Richard. I could not be happier for you.” Turning, she stepped forward and embraced Amelia. “Welcome to the family, dear.”
Amelia returned the embrace as tears formed in her eyes. A sense of belonging, of once again having a complete family, filled her. Mama and Papa surely smiled down on her, happy that their little girl found her place in the world.
She followed her husband and Grace into the wedding breakfast. Sarah and Uncle Lewis entered behind her. Amelia, her husband, uncle, and friends filled their plates from the sideboard and settled into a hearty meal accompanied by jubilant conversation.
“Uncle Lewis promised to tell us how he got here.” Amelia tipped her chin toward him.
“Yes, Mr. Lewis. Do tell.” Grace sat her glass down.
Uncle Lewis placed his hands in his lap. “There is not much to tell. The ship’s masts were damaged in a storm shortly after its departure from England. The captain determined the repairs would need to be made on the mainland and Scotland was the closest shore.” He lifted one hand. “Amelia, did you not receive my letter?”
“I did, but I fear I never read it in its entirety.”
Uncle Lewis lifted his glass. “Do not worry over it, dear. It hardly matters now.”
“My apologies, Uncle Lewis.” An impish grin formed on Amelia’s lips.
“There is no point in dwelling on it,” Grace said.
“Quite right,” Uncle Lewis agreed. “I only arrived this morning. That is when I discovered the nuptials and raced out to the garden.” He turned his attention back to Amelia. “I am happy for you both and glad I did not miss your union.”
“We are grateful for your blessing, Mr. Lewis.” Richard offered a smile.
“Please call me Uncle Lewis from this point forth. You are my family now.”
Grace lifted her crystal glass. “A toast to family. And the blessed union of Amelia and Richard.”
Amelia beamed as the room filled with well wishes and the clinking of glasses. Once the meal concluded, she and her duke said their goodbyes.
After Richard joined her in their ornate carriage pulled by four white stallions, she waved at the gathering watching them from Grace’s porch.
Richard placed his arm around her shoulders, pulling her close. “Where do you wish to spend your honeymoon, love?”
Amelia stared into his sapphire eyes, a slight grin upon her face. “I hear Scotland is beautiful.”

Turn the page for a preview of book two in Amanda Mariel’s Ladies and Scoundrels series:

Scandalous Intentions

Available now

Chapter 1

London 1843

Sarah knew exactly what kind of man he was. All of London did. He was the type of man no respectable woman should associate with.
Sarah picked up a champagne flute and looked around. For the third time that night, her gaze collided with his. Lord Julian Carrington, the Marquess of Luvington. She lingered there for a moment, taking in the despicably delicious sight of him. He leaned against a white pillar, green eyes dancing in the lamp light. Drat. Every time she turned around, she found him watching her. Was there no escaping his attention?
A grin spread across his lips, sending a rush of heat into her cheeks. When he winked, she snapped her attention back to Grace Stratton, the Duchess of Abernathy. “Would you care for a stroll on the veranda?” She needed to break her connection with the notorious rake.
Grace closed her fan. “A splendid idea.” She pivoted and moved through a sea of colorful ball gowns, toward the exit.
Sarah walked beside the duchess, neither speaking a word as they approached the open doors. Cool air washed across her as she stepped over the threshold into the night. The breeze picked up as if seeking to wipe away the heat that rose in her cheeks at the thought of Lord Luvington and his unwanted glances. Blackguard.
Glancing at Grace, Sarah sighed. “What do you suppose he was staring at us for?”
Grace giggled, her strawberry blonde tresses bouncing. “Not us, dear. You.”
Sarah turned to her. “He signed my dance card, too. Taking the last waltz. But why? What would a rake the likes of him want with me?”
“Perhaps it is nothing,” Grace waved her fan. “But there is one way to find out.”
“Please expound, Your Grace.” Sarah peered at her, a faint grin pulling at her lips.
“Ask him.”
Grace took a step toward the veranda doors and Sarah followed. “Maybe I will.” She glanced up at the stars twinkling in the sky and moved across the threshold. “Or perhaps I will simply refuse. After all, the last waltz is for couples.”
“It will do you no harm to honor his request.”
Except it could. A woman had to be careful around a man like that. At least they were in a public place. What could he do to her here, amidst the ton?
Sarah followed Grace into the room just as the quartet played the last notes of a waltz. Lord Gibbs waited for her on the edge of the dance floor. She nodded to Grace as he swept her into the middle of the room for their dance. Despite her current partner, her thoughts wandered where they shouldn’t. Lord Luvington. Her pulse quickened at the idea of being so close to the handsome rake. A dance could prove tolerable.
No. She had no desire to become the object of tomorrow’s gossip. The idea of a renowned rake taking an interest in her upset her equilibrium. She’d worked hard to maintain her social standing and did not intend to let anyone damage her reputation. One scandal could ruin a lady beyond repair. She had seen it happen time and again. Her stomach tightened.
“Lady Sarah, did you hear me?”
Sarah blinked and focused on Lord Gibbs. “My apologies, I was lost in the music.” She gave him a smile. “You have my attention now.”
“I asked if you are enjoying the ball.” He twirled her through a line of other fashionable lords and ladies. The scents of their colognes mingled together in an exotic mix of flowers and spices.
“Indeed. Lady Vivian outdid herself. I find the ball riveting, a smashing success for certain. In fact, I cannot remember the last time I enjoyed one so thoroughly.”
“Nor can I.” He spun her around.
Sarah turned her mouth up politely. Lord Gibbs had been courting her since last season, but she did not fancy him more than a friend. She made her position clear early on, even so, he still pursued her. Mayhap he hoped to sway her. It would not happen. Sarah made her mind up to marry for love or remain a Miss some time ago. Much to her mother’s dismay, she had made it through four seasons unattached. Her father, on the other hand, fully supported her decision.
“You look lovely tonight, Lady Sarah.” He pulled her closer.
“Thank you, my lord. You look rather dashing yourself.” It was not a lie, he was attractive. She simply did not love him. Besides, the idea of becoming some gentleman’s property did not appeal to her overmuch.
The song wound down, and Lord Gibbs escorted her off the dance floor. Once again, her gaze fell on Lord Luvington. Blast, the man continued to linger near her. She studied him before she could stop herself, taking in the sharp angle of his jaw, the luster of his golden-brown hair. His smoldering blue gaze met hers. He grinned wickedly at her as if he knew what she looked like under her shift. Sarah’s cheeks warmed, and she turned away.
At the refreshment table, her mother served herself a drink. Sarah made haste to join her. Being around one’s parents made it so much easier to keep one’s thoughts away from forbidden things. She lifted a sparkling flute of champagne to her lips and took her place at her mother’s side.
“Where has Papa gone off to?” She took a drink of the cool, bubbling liquid.
“He wanted to have a word with your brother. They will be back in a moment.” Mother tipped her chin toward Lord Luvington. “Appears you have collected a new admirer.”
Sarah’s cheeks burned as she took him in, her gaze roaming across his broad chest. What would it feel like to be wrapped in his arms? She flipped open her fan, cooling herself. So much for keeping her thoughts clean. “It’s scandalous the way he keeps watching me.”
“Nonsense daughter, you should be flattered.” Mother rested her gloved hand on her chest. “It is not a daily occurrence for you to catch a marquess’ eye.”
Sarah inhaled sharply and snapped her fan closed. Had everyone lost their minds? “Mother, he is a known rake.”
“Calm yourself, dear. I did not tell you to marry him, only to be flattered at his attention. Though it is high time you consider finding a spouse. Perhaps more tasteful gentleman will be inspired by the attention Lord Luvington bestows upon you.”
Someone cleared their throat. Sarah glanced behind her. Her heart skipped a beat at the sight of her father.
“Whose attentions should my darling tulip be flattered by?” Father glanced between Sarah and his wife.
Mother grinned at her husband. “It’s nothing, really. Don’t bother yourself with it, love.” She placed her hand under his arm.
He patted it, then looked at Sarah. “Are you enjoying the evening, dearest?”
“Indeed, Papa.” If her mother believed it best to keep her admirer’s identity from Papa, then she would.
“And you will let me know if said gentleman’s attentions cross the line?”
Sarah’s nodded, sending her earbobs dancing. “Yes, Papa.”
“Very well. Excuse us then.” He gave his wife a smile. “I have been waiting to show your lovely mother off on the dance floor.”
Sarah angled her head toward the sleek marble clearing. “You had better hurry, lest you miss your chance.” She lifted her crystal glass flute to her lips.
Mother beamed as Papa led her through the crush toward the dance floor. Maybe her mother was correct, not about gaining the attention of a suitable match, but about Lord Luvington’s attention being innocuous. It was not she who acted inappropriately. Sarah decided to enjoy the rest of the ball, and if Lord Luvington insisted on studying her, then so be it.
Hours later, Sarah stood and arched her back as the quartet started a new tune. She had been dancing for hours and her feet ached inside of her thin slippers. On several occasion during the evening she caught Lord Luvington studying her. She simply could not understand his sudden interest. Soon enough she would get the chance to ask him outright about his behavior toward her. Two dances remained. No doubt Lord Shillington would seek her out soon…and then Lord Luvington.
Good heavens, the mere thought of dancing the final waltz with him set her nerves on edge. Her hands began to shake. No way did she believe his intentions innocent. She took a deep breath and steeled herself as Lord Shillington approached.
He bowed. “Shall we?”
Sarah forced a smile and threaded her hand through his offered arm. At least Lord Shillington was not an admirer, he was a family friend. The dance would prove more pleasurable for that. So long as he did not step on her toes.
Sarah moved in tune to the music while Lord Shillington led her through the dance. She could not help but search out Lord Luvington in the crowd, knowing their dance came next. He stood near the veranda door, and their gazes locked for an instant before Shillington turned her around. She nibbled her bottom lip. Refusing the dance would be considered poor manners, something she had never been accused of. Sarah sighed.
“What bothers you, Lady Sarah?” Genuine interest reflected in Lord Shillington’s gaze.
She offered a small smile. Other than her brother, Lord Shillington was the only gentleman with whom she could speak freely. He never judged her, nor did he share her musings with others. However, did she want to discuss this with him?
“Clearly something has you riled. You can tell me, whatever it is. Perhaps I can be of assistance.”
“It’s nothing.” Sarah glanced back at the veranda for a moment. “Only, how well do you know Lord Luvington?”
Lord Shillington’s mouth quirked in a teasing smile. “Has a gentleman finally captured your fancy?”
“Goodness, no,” she said without thought, then blushed at her rudeness. “But he did sign my dance card.”
Shillington twirled her, and when she came back into his hold he said, “Lord Luvington is a fine chap. I play cards with him at White’s on occasion.” He blinked. “I should likely refrain from telling you any of this.”
“Any of what? Gentlemen play cards all the time.”
“Yes, of course. What I was about to tell you is of a different nature.” His cheeks tinted pink.
Much like her, Lord Shillington was seen as a pillar of good moral behavior among their peers. Clumsiness plagued him and had gained him quite the reputation, but no one questioned his character.
“Now you simply must tell me.” Sarah batted her eyelashes and formed her lips into a pout.
“He is rather…how can I put this delicately?” He glanced away. “Popular among the fairer sex.”
“A rake, you mean.”
He swallowed, meeting her gaze again. “No matter. A dance will be fine.”
“Even if it is the last waltz of the evening?”
“Even so.” Lord Shillington spun her and brought her back into his arms once more. “There now, don’t you feel more at ease?”
“Yes, thank you.” She allowed her eyes to close for an instant. How would she survive a dance with such a man?
The quartet ended their song, and Lord Shillington led Sarah over to Lord Luvington. “I hear you have the pleasure of Lady Sarah’s last dance.”
“Indeed I do.” Lord Luvington held his arm out to her.
She glanced up at him before accepting it. Her stomach gave an unwelcome flutter. Warmth spread across her chest and cheeks as she imagined everyone in the ballroom staring at them. He led her to the middle of the dance floor and gathered her into his arms as the quartet resumed playing.
“Relax, my lady. It is only a dance.”
Mortified, she tipped her chin. “I am relaxed.” How had he known she fretted? Sarah took a deep breath and let it out slow, with a glance around at her peers.
“If this is you being relaxed, I pity those exposed to you when you are not.” His smile did uncomely things to her insides. “On my honor, this is only a dance.”
“I do not believe you have any honor, my lord, nor am I fool enough to believe this an innocent dance.” She glanced up at him. “You want something from me.”
He grinned. “Perhaps I do.”
“You are wasting your time, my lord.”
“Unless, of course, it is simply a dance.”
“You just stated you want something from me.” Sarah balled her free hand in the fabric of her skirts. If she were less of a lady, she would slap his face for toying with her.
“No, I said perhaps I wanted something. Which means I could very well want nothing.” He arched one dark brow and a chestnut lock of hair flopped onto his forehead.
Good heavens, no man should be so attractive. Sarah stared into his green eyes. “Enough of your games. Tell me what you want, Lord Luvington.”
“Tonight?”
“Yes, tonight,” Sarah bit out through clenched teeth.
“Tonight, I want to hold you.” His rakish grin made her heart nearly stop.
Sarah blushed at the implication and glanced at the couples dancing nearby. Another statement the likes of that one and she would be ruined for sure.
He pulled her scandalously close and leaned in until his lips brushed her ear. “Tomorrow, I want to get to know you better.”
The waltz ended, and before she could form a thought, he released her and walked off, leaving her standing there alone.

Titles by Amanda Mariel

Ladies and Scoundrels series:
Scandalous Endeavors
Scandalous Intentions
Scandalous Redemption

Coming soon to the Ladies and Scoundrels series
Scandalous Wallflower

Fabled Love Series
Enchanted by the Earl
Captivated by the Captain

Lady Archer’s Creed series
Theodora (Christina McKnight writing with Amanda Mariel)

Coming soon to the Lady Archer’s Creed series
Georgina (Amanda Mariel writing with Christina McKnight)

Stand alone titles
Love’s Legacy

Joint series: Connected by a Kiss
How to Kiss a Rogue (Amanda Mariel)
A Kiss at Christmastide (Christina McKnight)
A Wallflower’s Christmas Kiss (Dawn Brower)

Box sets and anthologies
Visit www.amandamariel.com to see Amanda’s current offerings

About the author

Amanda Mariel dreams of days gone by when life moved at a slower pace. She enjoys taking pen to paper and exploring historical time periods through her imagination and the written word. When she is not writing she can be found reading, crocheting, traveling, practicing her photography skills, or spending time with her family.

Amanda lives along the Lake Huron shoreline in northern Michigan with her husband and two kids. She holds a Master of Liberal Arts Degree with a concentration in literature and has a long-standing love affair with sugary junk food.

Newsletter Facebook Twitter Website

