Scialytic Shade
Sapphire Shade Series: Book Three








Copyright © 2014 by Ann Serafini Woods

All rights reserved. No part of this book (whether print or electronic edition) may be reproduced in any form without the express written consent of Ann Serafini.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is purely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


The Sapphire Shade Series
Sapphire Shade
Secret Shade
Scialytic Shade




For Andrew.
My alpha beta-reader.
I love you.

Also for Shawn.
You are the best editor I could ask for!








Prologue

Scialytic: adjective \¦sīə¦litik\ Dispersing or 
dispelling shadows.

May, 1183
Britain
The baby came out screaming, which Darek knew was a good sign. A screaming baby was a living baby. If his child had to be born during the most violent storm of the season, he might as well come out making as much noise as possible. 
The portly midwife wrapped the newborn in cloth and looked up at Darek. “It’s a boy,” she beamed as she handed Darek’s son to him. 
He was beautiful and strong, and was the answer to Darek’s prayers. For years he had asked God to send him a child. And now on this, the darkest, stormiest night in his memory, he was a father at last.
Celeste was still crying from the birthing. Darek went to his wife and handed her their son.
“What will we call him?” Darek asked Celeste.
“Something regal, like Henry. What do you think?” She sniffled and kissed his tiny nose. The baby blinked up at her with soft, gray eyes and made a gurgling noise.
Darek made a face. “Henry? I was thinking about James. James is a strong name. A man’s name.”
“He’s not a man yet. Just a wee babe, but before you know it we’ll be chasing him across the moor.” She laid her head back on the pillow, exhausted.
Darek considered her words. “What about … Chase?”
Celeste smiled and nodded, closing her eyes. “I love it,” she whispered.
“It’s settled then. Welcome to the world, Chase.” He stroked the soft thatch of dark hair on Baby Chase’s head.
At that moment, the cottage door flew open with a bang. Rain and wet leaves blew in as lightning illuminated a hooded figure standing in the doorway. Instinctively, Darek dove for his hunting dagger, the only weapon he owned. As he reached for it, the knife skidded away across the table by itself.
“You won’t be needing that.” The figure spoke in low ominous tones and Darek felt like the voice was in his head rather than something he heard with his ears.
Darek struggled against an unseen force that held him rigid. 
I must protect my son!
As if reading his thoughts, the figure said, “I’ve come for the child. Chase? Is that what you call him?” He took a step toward Celeste and the sleeping baby in her arms.
“No! Do not lay a hand on them!” Darek shouted, but was still held by invisible bonds. He looked desperately to the midwife, but she was also frozen in place with a look of shock on her round face. “Please!” he begged the cloaked man.
The man removed his hood and Darek could see the man’s face. He was old, with white hair and a short gray beard, but no less threatening. His eyes glowed with an ethereal light that terrified Darek to his core.
“Please … don’t hurt them …” he pleaded again as the man laid his hand on Celeste’s face. “Take me … but leave them alone!”
“She’s already gone,” the man said, without moving his lips. “The child will be safe with me.” He wrapped the blanket more tightly around Darek’s new son, and cradling him in his arms, strode purposefully to the door.
“Wait!” Darek called. The man stopped at the door and turned to face him. His glowing eyes seemed to penetrate Darek’s very soul. He began to feel very cold inside, like an icy hand was gripping his heart. With his last breath Darek fell to his knees and watched as the cloaked man vanished with Chase in a flash of blue light before everything went dark.







Chapter One

Spring, 2008
Moscow, Russia
	The pain was excruciating. As she regained consciousness, Asiah struggled to remember where she was and why she was in so much pain. She blinked her eyes as stinging sweat trickled off her forehead. It was extremely dark wherever she was, but with her excellent eyesight she could make out what looked like chains hanging from the ceiling. A factory or warehouse?
The pain seemed to be limited to her arms and shoulders and she turned her head to see if she could figure out why. In the darkness all she could tell was that her arms had been pulled up over her head, and were painfully restrained. Even the smallest movements induced severe throbbing that shot through her bound arms. She was on her knees on a hard concrete floor, and she could hear the sound of dripping water nearby. It was cold in the building and she shivered, cursing when she felt the flesh tear on her arms.
Harsh fluorescent lights flickered on a moment later. She squinted against the severe glare and cranked her neck back to see what was binding her. She let out a soft moan when she saw her arms. Barbed wire was looped around them from her shoulders to her wrists. Barely congealed blood covered her arms and puddled on the floor around her. Fresh blood oozed from where the barbs tore through her sleeves and raked her flesh. The wire was wound so tightly that she couldn’t pull herself free without tearing her skin completely off. The pain made it nearly impossible to clear her mind and extract herself. She tried to stand and realized that barbed wire was looped around her ankles as well, though not as tightly. She let out a frustrated groan.
“Come now, my dear, it can’t be all that bad, can it?” a man’s voice said, in perfect English. His accent was British with a hint of something else, but Asiah couldn’t place it. She could tell, however, that English, no matter how perfect his was, was not his first language.
She raised her head to see who the recipient of her wrath would be when she was finally free. He stood above her on a metal catwalk, half hidden in shadow. From what she could see from her awkward angle, he was tall with a large build, with shoulder-length black hair and a hooked nose. His eyes were too shadowed to make out. He emanated a certain energy that felt almost familiar, but Asiah was in too much pain to dwell on it. She attributed the familiarity to the fact that she recognized his loathsome face.
“Andrei,” she said, forcing her voice to sound casual. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“I should ask you the same. How does the elusive Asiah Torricelli get caught skulking around my property?”
Asiah glared at him. “I do not skulk.”
“Fine, prowl. Is that more to your liking?”
She shrugged and then winced as the barbs cut into her shoulders.
He chuckled. “You haven’t answered my question. What are you looking for?”
She thrust the pain aside and focused. Andrei Aleyev was a notorious Russian mob boss whose cronies Asiah had encountered during her time with the CIA. Aleyev had an interest in Verderya serum, a mysterious green substance that was supposed to induce super-human abilities. The serum hadn’t worked on anyone thus far, instead killing the hosts, but Aleyev supposedly knew what the missing ingredient was to make the serum work. Before he could get his hands on any to test his theory, the CIA raided the production facility in Indonesia — with Asiah’s help — and confiscated every last drop. Forced by the CIA to learn the secret of the serum, Asiah discovered that her own blood was the missing ingredient. Shortly afterward a fire had destroyed all the serum in the US Government’s possession, and nearly killed Asiah in the process.
She embarked on a quest to find out what Aleyev knew and how he knew it. The man was extremely reclusive and she couldn’t get within a mile of him without his band of thugs threatening to make Swiss cheese out of her. She could easily take them out and force her way into an audience with the man, but the bloodshed wouldn’t be worth the prize. At least not until she was out of options.
Knowing that Aleyev would undoubtedly try to start production again if he hadn’t already, Asiah spent the last several months making a concentrated effort to find out where Aleyev’s headquarters were located in Moscow. When she learned through some very tricky surveillance that he and his closest comrades would be out of the country for a few days, she’d gotten there as fast as she could to search the place.
The problem was that this time she’d gotten caught. She ­never got captured. She struggled to remember what happened before she ended up here, wrapped in barbed wire and at the mercy of a ruthless mobster. She’d been outside a warehouse, looking for a way in, when she’d seen a man … a man who looked a little too much like—
Some unseen force jerked on the wires overhead, jolting her back to the present. 
“Answer me, dearest. What are you doing here?” Aleyev said smoothly.
She ground her teeth against the fresh pain in her arms. Aleyev was lucky she wanted him alive. “Looking for you,” she ground out.
“Ah, isn’t that sweet? I wish you would have called. I was visiting a business associate in Romania. When I heard you’d dropped by, I rushed back here right away.”
“Aren’t you the perfect host?” Asiah said sarcastically. She took a steadying breath and began clearing her mind, little by little.
“It is the hostess that you should thank. She’s the one who found you and saw to your accommodations.” He gestured behind him.
A willowy redhead strolled onto the catwalk, clad all in black, with a smug look on her beautiful face.
Marysa.
Shock slammed through Asiah, but she kept her expression passive. Her nemesis leapt from the catwalk, landing easily on her feet. Pulling a metal folding chair from a rack near the wall, she set it down a few feet in front of Asiah. She sat down and crossed her legs with a smirk. Asiah needed to get out of these wires. Now.
Marysa reached out and tipped Asiah’s chin up with her finger. “Look at the little baby Shade, almost all grown up!”
Asiah jerked her chin away. “Don’t touch me,” she spat. The electric sensation she felt when Marysa touched her was sharp and unpleasant, a clash of powerful energies.
Marysa released her raspy laugh that grated on Asiah’s nerves. “I suppose I should thank you. Even though you drowned me in an ocean of my own twisted thoughts, you pulled me out — to safety. I guess 70 years of guilt will do that to a person.”
Four years earlier, Marysa had been one of the test subjects the CIA had forced Asiah to test the Verderya serum on. Asiah’s blood activated the serum, and she had to assume at the time that Marysa’s could as well. The night after Asiah injected Marysa in her catatonic state, the R&D wing of the CIA had mysteriously gone up in flames. Asiah was rescued, but assumed that Marysa had been killed in the fire with the rest of the test subjects. In her search for Aleyev, she’d also kept her ear to ground for any news of Marysa’s whereabouts, but heard nothing, nor could she sense the other Shade’s energy. Now she could see that she’d been wrong. Not only did the woman survive, but she was back to her old self. Powerful and vindictive. Asiah could only pray that Marysa didn’t have the same strength she’d had before.
Marysa had vibrant green eyes now, despite the fact that she wore wicked-looking onyx bracelets around both wrists. Asiah wondered if she was using the Verderya serum in addition to her power stones. 
She focused again on clearing her mind. It was her only chance to get out of there.
“What are you doing with him?” Asiah nodded at Aleyev, stalling for time.
Marysa cackled again. “You really don’t know anything about me do you? All that time I was locked up and you didn’t even bother to find out who I am? Do you even know my last name?”
Asiah shook her head.
“I’ll give you a hint, Shade. It starts with A and ends with –leyev!” She laughed at her own ridiculous joke.
Marysa Aleyev? Asiah cursed herself for not seeing it sooner. She knew Marysa was somewhere around 300 years old, but hadn’t considered that she was part of the Aleyev family. It certainly explained why Andrei knew the secret to the serum.
“The CIA testing, it was a set-up,” Asiah said, thinking aloud. “You were meant to be in the first phase of testing so you could be cured. How? Who knew about you?”
Andrei spoke up. “When my dearest Marysa disappeared in the thirties, my great-grandfather searched everywhere. She’d told him she was embarking on a quest of some sort, but left one morning and never returned. It was my father who eventually found her in an asylum in Chicago in the nineties. Imagine his shock in finding her not only alive, but still as young as the day she disappeared. My father knew about the serum that enhanced super-human abilities and we just bided our time until a plan could be put in place to have the serum administered to her and she could return to us.”
Asiah considered that while pushing some energy to releasing the wires around her arms. She made a weak attempt to see into Aleyev’s mind, but was unsuccessful. Marysa may have taught him how to shield his thoughts. “You have someone at the CIA,” Asiah said, buying more time.
He chortled. “Doesn’t everyone?”
She’d had enough. Blocking out everything but the wires binding her, she concentrated hard until she heard the sound of the wires snapping above and behind her. She opened her eyes in time to see Marysa go pale.
The redhead retreated and murmured out of the corner of her mouth to Aleyev. Asiah heard the Russian words for “We need to leave.”
She wondered just how much power Marysa had. It couldn’t be that much if she was attempting to flee. Asiah shook the broken wires from around her ankles and stood up, trying not to show how much effort it took. She looked directly at Marysa. “You’re afraid of me.”
Marysa tossed her red hair defiantly. “I do not fear you.”
Asiah gingerly brought her arms down in front of her and began tossing pieces of wire aside. Aleyev took out his cell phone and chattered away in Russian, probably calling in some back-up. He jammed his phone back in his pocket and pulled a gun, pointing it at Asiah’s chest. His other hand flew to his breast pocket, fiddling with something there. She ignored him and picked the last piece of metal out of her shoulder. Then, rubbing her hands over her bloody arms for a moment, she healed the torn flesh, finally relieving the pain. 
She looked back at Marysa. “You should fear me.”
Dread flashed in the woman’s eyes. She pulled her own gun and fired at one of the windows above. She then jumped up to the catwalk, grabbed Andrei’s hand and vanished in a flash of red light.
Asiah chuckled dryly to herself. At least if Marysa was back, she had a healthy respect for Asiah’s power. That would make her life a little easier. Asiah’s cell phone was on a table nearby and she picked it up and dialed her husband’s number, feeling a twinge of disappointment at not being able to effectively interrogate Aleyev.
A sleepy voice answered with a grumble. “Torricelli.”
“Hi honey, sorry to wake you.”
She heard a rustle and a sigh. “Jesus babe, I haven’t heard from you in three days. Where the hell are you?”
“I ran into an old friend in Moscow.”
“Did you find what you were looking for?”
“Not exactly, but I did learn some new information. I’m on my way home. Will you wait up for me?”
She heard him yawn. “Depends how long it takes you to get here.”
Aleyev’s men poured into the room, armed with automatic weapons. “Give me five minutes.” She dropped her phone into her pocket and cracked her knuckles.

***

Just outside Baltimore, Maryland

“What do you think?”
Sawyer Jacks examined the pendant carefully. “I don’t … get it, man.”
Ben Torricelli sighed in exasperation. “Remember last week when I told you about it?”
His best friend responded with a blank look.
“It’s the shell casing from the bullet that she saved me from four years ago,” he explained slowly, as if he were speaking to a child.
“Ohhh …” Sawyer said, finally remembering. “That’s cool. She’ll love it.” He handed the necklace back to Ben.
Ben held it up and examined it for the fiftieth time. After he requisitioned the evidence from the CIA and had the ballistics department painstakingly narrow down which shell casing originally housed the lead that almost killed him in the underground serum lab, he had a three-carat sapphire placed where the lead had been and added a silver chain to make a pendant for Asiah. It wasn’t easy to do considering the CIA didn’t even know he’d been shot. Asiah had healed him before extraction agents arrived to find him unconscious in her arms. She must have shoved the piece of lead she pulled out of his chest into his pocket, because that’s where he’d found it several days later. He’d thought it too morbid to make the pendant out of the lead itself, and decided to track down the shell casing instead. 
Tomorrow was his third wedding anniversary, and if he’d learned anything in the last four years, it was that Asiah was the hardest woman to buy gifts for that he’d ever met. He wanted to give her the world, but she only wanted him.
The past four years had been a blur for Ben. He didn’t know how he’d gotten so lucky. Aside from the fact that Asiah could do amazing things, she was an amazing woman. A year after he’d proposed in the back of an ambulance, they were married on a secluded beach in the Maldives at sunset with only Asiah’s twin sister, Meri, and Sawyer present as witnesses. They’d made love every night they were together since the day he’d pulled her out of the burning CIA building, and every time felt like the first time. He never knew love could be like this. 
After Asiah’s time with the CIA, she vowed never to work for the American government again. There were no hard feelings on her part or the CIA’s, but the bridge had been burned the day Harold Spencer threatened Asiah’s sister’s life. 
Asiah had had a trust fund from someone in her past and used the money to build her own private intelligence and security firm, appropriately named Sapphire Intelligence. Ironically, her number-one client was the United States Department of Defense. Asiah served as Director and head field agent with Ben as her partner. He also served as Deputy Director and they made all business decisions together. The firm had been open a little over two years. Sawyer left the CIA to join them as their weapons and artillery specialist and Meri was head of medical research and Asiah’s personal physician. Asiah and Ben had asked their other former teammate, Clarence “Soultrain” Mason, to join them as well, but the man was near retirement and opted to finish his tenure with the CIA.
Ben had the necklace made for Asiah this year because she had everything she could ever want already. On their first anniversary he bought her a house just outside the city. She always said she wanted to live somewhere quiet where she could see the stars at night. Ben had been ready to move out of his small apartment anyway, even if she did make it feel like home. 
On their second anniversary he took her to Europe for a month. She loved traveling and he loved watching her face light up every time she saw something beautiful. This year, he felt like he couldn’t top either of the previous two gifts. She did like sentimental gifts, though, so he thought this might just be perfect. He was already picturing what she would look like wearing the pendant. Even wearing only the pendant …
“So, when are you going to give it to her?” Sawyer’s voice snapped him back to the present.
“Tomorrow night. I got a reservation at Le Chaumiere.”
Sawyer raised his eyebrows. “Fancy pants. How’d you swing that?”
“Called in a favor. You really think she’ll like it?” Ben asked uncertainly.
“Dude, she’d like anything you give her.”
“I know … but it’s just so small compared to what I’ve given her before—”
“That’s what she said,” Sawyer interjected with a grin.
Ben rolled his eyes. “What if she’s expecting something bigger?”
“Then have her give me a call.”
Ben glared at his friend.
Sawyer laughed loudly. “I’m joking! Don’t worry about it, man. Chicks like ooey-gooey, sentimental stuff like this. You’ll definitely get laid tomorrow night.”
Ben smiled wryly. “I’ve never been worried about that.”
There came a knock at his office door and the object of his affections walked in looking breathtaking in a black ruffled blouse and a deep red pencil skirt that showed off her legs and made Ben’s mouth water. He was pretty sure it wasn’t normal to feel this way three years into a marriage, but he was loving every minute.
“I’m not interrupting anything am I?” she asked when she saw Sawyer. She looked a little drawn and tired and Ben could hear fatigue in her voice. When she came home at three this morning covered in blood, he tried to insist that she take today off and recuperate. She refused, explaining that she had too much to catch up on at work.
Ben shoved the necklace into his pocket, then stood and walked around the desk. “Nope. We’re just shootin’ the shit.” He took her chin between his thumb and forefinger and tilted it up to brush his lips against hers. He let it linger a moment and only broke away when Sawyer cleared his throat.
“I’ll leave you to it then,” Sawyer said, standing up. He turned to Asiah. “I’m almost finished customizing your firearm. Just let me know when you want to give it a test drive.”
“Thanks, Sawyer. I have some time tomorrow afternoon I think,” she said with a warm smile. 
Sawyer pulled the door shut behind him and Ben rounded on Asiah. “You’re exhausted.” It was a statement more than a question.
“That is your fault,” she said, poking him in the chest with her finger.
He grinned. “I hadn’t seen you in three days. Was I supposed to keep my hands off you?”
She smiled at him. “I suppose not.”
“You haven’t been sleeping well lately anyway. Which is not my doing,” he added when she looked like she might blame him for that, too.
She sighed and leaned her hip against his desk. The lacy edge of her thigh-high nylon stocking peeked out from under her skirt. It would have been quite the distraction if he wasn’t so worried about her. 
“It’s nothing. Just a little insomnia. I think I’m working too much lately,” she said evasively.
He slid his arms around her waist and looked into her eyes with concern. “You’re having nightmares,” he said softly. “You’ve been talking in your sleep and thrashing around. Don’t tell me it’s nothing.”
A faraway look crossed her face momentarily, then she closed her eyes and shook her head. “It’s stress. Maybe I do need some time off.”
Ben frowned and dropped his arms. She was keeping something from him. “Fine, don’t tell me. Why don’t you take the rest of the day, go home and take something to help you sleep? God knows you can use it.”
She shook her head fiercely. She was vehemently against taking any sort of medication for any reason. Something about a bad experience when she was younger that she refused to talk about. Most personal ailments could be cured by focusing her mind anyway.
He raised his hands again and ran them down her bare arms. “At least go home and try to sleep. I can’t stand to see you like this. Please? For me?”
She considered his words for a moment, then shook her head again. “I can’t. I have a teleconference at four with the team in Seattle. Tomorrow’s Friday. I promise I will try and catch up on sleep this weekend. Alright?” She gave him a pleading look.
He couldn’t refuse her when she looked at him like that. He pulled her into his arms. “Alright. But it’s early to bed tonight. I want you well-rested for our anniversary dinner tomorrow night. Then I’ll give you a reason to sleep well afterward,” he said with a wink.
She smiled. “That sounds perfect.” She tilted her chin up and he bent his head to meet her lips for a long, tender kiss. “I’m going to go make myself some tea. Did you finish that report on the Monterrey case yet?” 
She was all business again, something Ben couldn’t understand. He struggled to remember what she was talking about as he attempted to thrust erotic images of her aside for the time being. “Yeah … I have to proof it, but I’ll have Tiffany send it over in a little while,” he murmured as he started to run his hands down over her hips in search of that lacy thigh-high he’d seen earlier, but she disentangled herself from his arms.
“Good. If you want to sit in on the teleconference, I’ll be in conference room two.” She glided out of his office leaving him wanting more, as she often did.
Ben dropped into his leather desk chair. He rubbed his hands over his face and wondered what on Earth she could be dreaming about that she wouldn’t discuss with him.







Chapter Two

Asiah returned to her spacious corner office and went immediately to the gourmet tea-brewing machine in the corner. She programmed it to brew a large cup of black tea and walked to the floor-to-ceiling windows while the machine hummed away. Crossing her arms, she stared solemnly out at the beautifully landscaped grounds of the firm.
As much as she hated keeping things from Ben, she didn’t know how to talk to him about her current situation. The reason she hadn’t been sleeping well was that she’d been dreaming about Chase. She’d had one dream about him the night after she admitted to Meri and herself that she was in love with Ben, but after that, she hadn’t dreamed about him for almost four years. He’d recently returned to her dreams, but not in the same way as before. When she had her first dream about Chase 75 years ago, she couldn’t remember her real life while she was in the dream state. Now, she had gained enough control over her mind to easily travel between her waking life and the dream world, but lately her dreams had been out of her control.
The dream four years ago had been placed in her subconscious by Chase as a way to comfort her when she was uncertain of her feelings for Ben. These new dreams took place in the Forest in her mind as usual, but Asiah could feel his presence there every night. She didn’t always see him, and when she did, it was only a glimpse, a shadow. She would see something out of the corner of her eye, and when she turned to look, he was gone. At first, she searched for him, hoping to find out why he was haunting her dreams now, so long after he’d left her behind on Earth. She found that the harder she searched the Forest, the more evasive his shadow was. She looked for him in the reflecting pool, but images of him shimmered out of focus quickly the moment she saw them. Even though she never saw him clearly, his presence was as familiar to her as when she knew him on Earth.
In frustration, she began waking herself from the dreams so she didn’t have to spend her sleeping hours chasing ghosts. In the past few weeks, she had only slept perhaps an hour or two each night. Ben was a heavy sleeper and since she left most mornings before he rose, she didn’t think he had any idea of her sleeplessness. Apparently, it had begun to show. She knew she should talk to her husband about it, but she didn’t know how.
While the dreams were frustrating, a new problem had arisen in Moscow. As she searched for a way into Aleyev’s warehouse, she’d seen Chase — or at least thought she had — in the flesh. He was far away, perhaps a hundred yards or more, but she saw his face clearly, just for an instant. In that fleeting moment, she’d let her guard down and was attacked from behind and knocked unconscious by Marysa.
This morning as she walked into the building one of the groundskeepers looked up at her for a moment. She had to look twice to ensure that the man wasn’t Chase as well. It was bad enough that he was invading her dreams, did he need to plague her waking hours, too? None of these visions explained why after he’d been dead for 75 years he was appearing in both her waking and sleeping worlds.
During her teleconference, Ben sat off to the side taking notes on his laptop. At least he was supposed to be taking notes. It seemed to Asiah that he spent the entire conference with his chocolate-colored eyes glued to her, trying to see through her thin veneer of secrecy. She sighed. He couldn’t be that upset about her dreams, could he? After all, it wasn’t like they meant anything. They were just memories. Memories that were resurfacing after decades of dormancy …
That night Ben and Asiah made love without words, and she could feel the desperation in his touch and in the way his breath shuddered against her neck, as if he were afraid something had been lost between them. She closed her eyes in fear that Chase’s face would suddenly replace Ben’s when she least expected it. Her silence about her dreams scared him, and she knew that she had to tell him the truth soon.  She slid into sleep with his arms around her, praying that she could get through the night without another visit from her former lover.
It was nighttime in the Forest and she awoke in bed. It was strange that a bed would be there in the middle of the Forest and she sat up, alarmed. It was a large brass bed with a feather mattress and white satin sheets that were scented faintly of bergamot oil. Shifting to look around, she felt the sheets fall away. A chill stole over her and she yelped as she realized she was naked. Startled by the strange and unnerving circumstances, she jerked the sheets up to her neck, feeling a little foolish since this was her own dream. In her dream world, she always wore the same blue, shimmery dress. The fact that she was naked and sitting in a bed was a good indication that someone else was manipulating her dreams … And that could only be one person.
No sooner had she thought that than she felt his presence. She cast about frantically, but couldn’t see him in the darkened woods. Moonlight slanted between the branches of the trees, creating silver pools on the forest floor, but she saw no one.
“Asiah …” Her name slid through the trees on a whisper. His whisper.
Fear gripped her, of what she didn’t know. Something told her that this wasn’t just a dream. She could feel him as near as if he were standing next to the bed. A shiver ran down her spine at that thought. She refused to admit that it was anything but apprehension. She didn’t desire him anymore … did she? Could she even crave the touch of someone so long dead?
The sheet fell away — or was pulled away — and she felt a feathery touch dance over her skin. She gasped and froze, her heart racing as goose bumps rose across her body. She squeezed her eyes shut and wrapped her arms around herself, willing the sensation to stop. If anything, it intensified. Her head fell back and a soft moan escaped her lips as phantom caresses skated down her body, threatening her fragile control. She could smell him, a heady combination of bergamot oil, fresh herbs and smoky earth.
Through the haze of desire, reality tugged at her. This was too much. How dare he invade her dreams like this? Was she so bereft of his touch that she wantonly allowed him these blatant liberties with her? Forcing herself to focus, she shoved herself off the bed, dragging the satin sheet with her to wrap around her body. 
“Leave me alone!” she cried, spinning to look for the ghost. Sinking to her knees on the dark forest floor, she began to cry. Chase’s death had ripped her heart out all those years ago, and the spectral reminder of his skillful touch was more than her ravaged emotional state could take.
As the tears fell, she heard Ben’s voice calling from far away. “Wake up, baby. Come on, wake up …”

***

Ben shook Asiah gently, then harder as she moaned softly. She sat up with a gasp. Her eyes were wild with fear and something that looked a lot like … desire? She had been moaning in her sleep … What the hell had she been dreaming about?
He didn’t have time to ask her before she leapt naked from the bed and went to the bureau, grabbing her robe off the bedpost as she went. Opening the top drawer, she dug in the back behind her socks and pulled out a slim silver cigarette case. She slammed the drawer shut and headed determinedly for the balcony. Ben threw the covers off with a curse and followed her, snatching his flannel pajama pants from the floor. He arrived on the balcony in time to see her shakily lighting a cigarette with a flame emanating from the tip of her finger. She took one long draw before he ripped it from her hand and crushed it out on the marble railing. He’d had just about enough of her secrecy.
“What the fuck, Asiah?” he fumed. “If you don’t want to tell me what you’re dreaming about, fine. But this?” He held up the cigarette, from which rose a sweet fragrance that reminded him not at all of regular tobacco. “What the hell is going on?”
She looked at him mutinously for a moment, then sighed in resignation. “I’ve been dreaming about Chase,” she said wearily.
“And Chase is …?” Ben prodded.
She lowered her gaze. “The man I loved … before.”
“Ah.” She’d never mentioned his name to Ben before. In fact, she never talked about the man at all after she admitted her love for Ben. It was strange that these dreams were affecting her so. He softened his tone. “They’re just dreams, babe.”
She braced her hands on the railing, looking out into the night. “I wish that were true.” She paused. “I have dreams just like anyone else, but sometimes I dream about things that are actually happening. I haven’t dreamed that way for a long time, but lately …” She trailed off. “I don’t know what it means.”
Ben nodded. It was strange, yes, but the man was dead, right? “And the smoking?”
“When I left Earth several decades ago, I took a lot of Chase’s things with me. I found this tobacco among his things. I smoked it once or twice in moments of desperation and loneliness, when I really missed him. I rolled the rest into cigarettes and kept them with me to remind me of him. I … don’t know why I needed one tonight. The dream was just too real.” She shuddered and Ben slipped his arms around her.
“Come back to bed,” he whispered against her hair. “Let me help you forget about him.”
She drew back an inch and he could see years of pain in her eyes. Pain that she had spent considerable effort burying, only to have it come rushing back in a few sleepless nights.
“Have you thought about asking your sister for help?” he suggested, hoping the change of subject would banish that haunted look from her face.
She snorted. “I don’t know how that would help.”
He shrugged. “She knew this guy Chase, right?”
“Briefly.”
“Then talk to her about it. Obviously you aren’t that comfortable discussing it with me, which I’m surprisingly alright with now that I know what it is, but she might have some insight that I can’t give you anyway. Will you consider it at least? It’s tearing me up to see you like this.”
“I guess it can’t hurt. Can I finish my cigarette now?”
His eyebrows shot up. “Seriously?”
She nodded and reached for it.
He held it out of reach and laughed incredulously. “No!” He turned and went inside to flush the cigarette down the toilet. He heard her cursing in Gaelic behind him. He came back out afterward to see her still brooding, a frown marring her forehead. “Are you coming to bed?”
She shook her head and didn’t look at him. “Not yet. I don’t think I can go back to sleep right now.”
His heart ached for her. “Alright, but promise me that if you start to feel tired, you’ll come back to bed.”
“I promise.”

***

Asiah didn’t go back to bed, opting to avoid Chase by staying awake all night. The feeling of his ghost-hands touching her terrified her enough to keep her from sleeping anymore. Ironically, the one person who could have helped her sleep without dreaming was, in fact, Chase.
The next morning she dragged herself into her sister’s office as soon as she arrived at work. 
Merica O’Connor steepled her fingers and regarded Asiah intently across her large mahogany desk. “You’re sure it’s him?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know?”
“I just … do.”
Meri sighed. “But you haven’t actually seen him.”
Asiah frowned. “I don’t have to see him to know he’s there.”
“Alright. Let’s say for the sake of argument that it is Chase. Why do you wake yourself? Why not let the dreams play out?”
“I don’t wake myself on purpose. The dream makes me—”
“Don’t lie to me, A.” Meri glared at Asiah. “You’re afraid of something. Tell me what it is.”
“I’m not afraid.” She paused as Meri continued to glare. “My feelings, alright?” she said with an exasperated sigh. “I’m afraid of how I will feel if I see him again. Even in a dream. And I’m afraid that if Ben sees how I’m feeling that he’ll feel like I don’t love him the same way.”
Meri nodded. “It’s alright to still have feelings for Chase. He was your first love, after all.”
“I know, and I wouldn’t feel guilty about it if I thought …” She trailed off.
“What? What is it?” Meri prodded.
“This is going to sound crazy.”
Meri laughed out loud. “Almost everything you say sounds crazy at first. Then I realize that it’s all normal for you.”
Asiah didn’t join in the laughter. “I think … Chase is trying to contact me. From beyond.”
Meri stared at her for a moment in silence. “Oh.”
Asiah nodded miserably. “Yeah.”
“That’s … Wow.”
“It could be nothing. They might be just dreams. But when I’m there, I can feel him. Last night he touched me and I could smell him. It was so real, Meri. I know when my dreams are just dreams and when they’re something more. These dreams … I think he’s trying to reach me. I don’t know what to do.”
“I think there’s only one thing you can do,” Meri said.
Asiah raised her eyebrows questioningly.
“You need to let the dreams play out. Talk to Chase if you can. If he really is trying to contact you, you need to stop avoiding him.”
“But last night when he touched me, well, let’s just say there wasn’t much room for talking.”
Meri colored. “Oh. Well, they are your dreams aren’t they? Don’t let him be in total control. If he wants to talk to you that’s fine. But you need to make it clear that talking is all he can do with you. It’s your mind, and I know you’re strong enough to control what happens in it.”
Asiah frowned. “You’re right. I’m so sleep-deprived that I didn’t think of that before. My mind was always stronger than his. I’ve been so concerned with protecting my feelings from him that I didn’t think to seize control of the dream. Thanks, M. I think it’s worth a try anyway.” She rose and wrapped her sister in a tight hug.
For the first time in weeks, she wasn’t dreading sleeping, but was still anxious about the inevitable reunion she would have. She almost considered taking a nap to see if she could speed the process along, but considering how much work she had to do, she thought it best to wait until tonight. Plus, Ben said he’d made a dinner reservation for their anniversary, and she didn’t want to be thinking about Chase during dinner. It would be difficult enough to put him from her mind now that she was determined to speak to him.
Despite her lack of sleep, she worked the rest of the day tirelessly. She outlined several upcoming missions, spoke with agents in three countries, and made it through her weekly tête-à-tête with the DOD and tested her new Desert Eagle that Sawyer had customized for her all by five o’clock. She hit the gym after that to ensure that she’d be good and tired by bedtime. At six-thirty, she headed toward D.C. to meet Ben for dinner in her blue Audi TT.
Traffic was surprisingly light heading into the city, which Asiah welcomed. She thought there wasn’t anything that could dampen her mood, including the light drizzle of rain that started to fall as she entered the District of Columbia. About ten blocks from the restaurant, however, she hit a snag. Traffic came to an abrupt stop and didn’t move in any direction.
“What the hell is this?” Asiah muttered to herself. Several other drivers had already gotten out of their cars to see what the hold-up was. She followed suit and looked down the street ahead. Focusing her eyes she saw a multi-car pile-up blocking an intersection fourteen blocks ahead. Police hadn’t yet been able to reroute the waiting cars. With a sigh, Asiah started to get back in her car as something caught her eye from an alleyway.
She knew it was him, even before she saw his face. And see his face she did, and it was clearer now than any other instance since her dream four years ago. He was half-hidden in shadow, but she knew his silhouette as surely as it was permanently etched in her memory. Blinking in disbelief, she was sure she was imagining that he was standing just a few yards away, watching her. Dressed all in black with rain dripping off the ends of his long hair, he gave her a small, wistful smile as he turned and began walking away down the alley.
She glanced around quickly, assessing the traffic situation. This mess wouldn’t be cleared for hours, and she’d have to leave her car behind to make her reservation anyway. She didn’t intend to miss dinner, but she couldn’t pretend she didn’t just see Chase in the flesh, either. She had no choice but to follow him.
She slammed the car door, locked it, and wound her way through the maze of cars to the alley. He was nowhere to be seen, but she could still feel the familiar sensation of his presence. With her heart in her throat, she hurried down the alley, following her instincts rather than her eyes. The alley opened onto a vacant lot across the street from a park. She crossed the street and looked around the deserted park. The rain began to fall harder, cascading down the slide and dripping off the swings as they swayed in the breeze. Through the downpour she saw a shadow move behind a tree and she followed.
Before she realized it, she’d followed the premonition all the way to the National Mall. Through the clouds she could see the sun setting behind the Washington Monument and she pulled her cell phone out of her pocket to look at the time. It was nearly eight and she had several missed calls from Ben. She was soaking wet despite the fact that the rain was beginning to let up. With a groan, she looked around and realized that she no longer felt Chase’s presence. She was miles from her car and the restaurant. Conceding defeat, she stepped out of her heels onto the wet pavement and picked them up. It was a wonder she’d walked so far in them already. If she didn’t heal so fast she’d definitely be paying for it tomorrow.
Condensing every cell in her body into a tiny ball of light, she channeled to another alley near the restaurant, praying Ben was still there and not too angry with her, not that she’d be able to blame him after she was an hour late for dinner. Quickly stepping into her shoes, she hurried into the upscale restaurant.
The hostess gave her a steely glare when Asiah gave her name. Obviously the staff had taken pity on the poor man whose wife forgot her anniversary dinner.
Ben jumped to his feet when he saw her. “Where have you been? I’ve been trying to reach you! Is everything alright? You’re soaked!” The concern in his eyes made her feel even worse about her lateness. He signaled a passing server who rushed away to find some towels.
Asiah realized that she must look a mess in one of the fanciest restaurants in D.C. Knowing there was nothing she could do about her appearance without using her powers, she looked at Ben bleakly. “I’m fine. I’m sorry, I should have called.” 
Ever the gentleman, Ben helped her dry herself as much as possible, then skirted behind her to pull out her chair. “I thought something must have happened to you. Don’t scare me like that. Especially on our anniversary.”
His words made her feel even guiltier. “I was following a lead. Very last-minute. Time got away from me I guess.”
He tugged absently on his tie and looked at her sadly. “You know, I won’t be mad at you, no matter what you say. I love you too much. But, Asiah … just tell me the truth, alright? All this deception … it hurts me more than you know that you don’t trust me enough to talk to me about whatever this is.”
She couldn’t stand the pain in his eyes. The last thing Asiah wanted was to hurt Ben. Even if she had to give up this search for Chase. Ben was her life, her everything now. “It’s Chase, like I explained last night—”
“I thought those were just dreams,” Ben said, his gaze darkening.
“They may be, but I saw him today while I was awake … on my way here. He was just standing there, watching me. I followed him and lost track of the time. I never did find him. I’m not even really sure it was him. I think,” — she took a bracing breath — “Ben, I think he’s trying to contact me.” She looked at him tentatively. This was not what she planned on talking about over dinner on her anniversary.
He watched her intently and she could see his inner battle. Ben was patient and intelligent, but Asiah wondered if he was reaching his limit of understanding about this. He ground his teeth together for a moment before he spoke. “Listen, it’s been a while since you’ve had a good night’s sleep. I think these dreams and visions you’re having are just a result of being over-worked and over-tired.” He held up a hand to silence her when she opened her mouth to speak. “I don’t want to hear any more about it tonight. Let’s just enjoy our evening and get you home for some much-needed rest.”
After an awkward and thoroughly tense dinner, Ben drove Asiah home in silence. He didn’t bother asking where Asiah’s car was. She could have sworn he hadn’t stopped grinding his teeth all evening. Just when she thought the silent treatment would go on indefinitely, he spoke.
“Do you want him back? I mean, assuming that’s even a remote possibility.” His tone was barely controlled.
The question was so absurd Asiah didn’t respond immediately. 
Ben misread her hesitation. “I see. Must have been one hell of a guy.”
“It’s not like that! I don’t know what he’s doing or why this is happening! Why do you assume it’s because I want him back?”
“Why else would you be having these dreams all of a sudden? You know, they say that most marriages start to fall apart around three years in.”
He was being deliberately combative and it was starting to get to her. “Goddammit, Ben! I’m not having these dreams on purpose! And no, I don’t want Chase back. I’m in love with you, you idiot!”
He glanced over at her looking only slightly relieved. “Well I don’t want him to come back. Tell him that when you see him, won’t you?”
“Are you jealous?” she asked with a little smile.
“Goddamn right. I’m not having some undead sorcerer come back to steal my woman.”
“I don’t even know if that’s what’s happening. Meri said I should stop waking myself up and try to talk to him. In the dreams, I mean.”
Ben sighed. “Maybe. I don’t know if I like this plan.”
“It’s the only one I’ve got. Plus, maybe I can tell him to let me have some sleep for once.”

***

He stacked the stones hurriedly at first, then realized he was doing a shoddy job of it and forced himself to slow down. Ever since he’d found a window from his prison into her mind he worked tirelessly to build and rebuild the elemental gateway that connected the two planes.
He didn’t know how long ago he discovered it; time was immaterial where he was. The sky was always dull and gray with no sunrise or sunset. He couldn’t sleep so he had no idea how much time had passed. He only knew that he’d built the gateway 12 times now, and it was long past time he started keeping track of something.
He’d made his discovery by accident. He no longer tried to conjure the dreamglass or navigate the labyrinth. A dreamglass was simply a window between worlds that could be conjured with the proper concentration. On this plane, however, the simple task was rendered impossible by his captors. The Ikhälea made sure he had no powers in this dimension, only memories. The one time a dreamglass had appeared it was bittersweet for him. It happened because of the dream he’d implanted in her subconscious. A dream she would only experience once she’d acknowledged her love for another. He was ecstatic to see her, while having to remind himself that it was only possible because she’d finally given her heart to another. He’d wanted her only to be happy, even if it meant that he no longer held her heart. 
A few weeks (or thereabouts) earlier, he’d sat with his back against the tallest stone in the circle of monoliths that marked the entrance to the complicated labyrinth of his prison. He began to sing for no other reason than he was tired of the silence. He had never been much of a singer during his life, but had a smooth baritone voice that echoed eerily off the standing stones and the cold rock walls of the labyrinth. He sang an old Scottish lament for his lost love:

Like watercress gathered fresh from cool streams,
Thy kiss, dear love, by the Bens of Jura
Cold, cold the bens, cold thy love as they,
Like watercress gathered fresh from cool streams.
Gold the morn at dawn upwingeth,
Dreams the night, deep-drowned in dew-mist,
And my heart, reft of its own sun,
Deep lies sunk in death-torpor cold and gray.
Like watercress gathered fresh from cool streams,
Thy kiss, dear love, by the Bens of Jura
Cold, cold the bens, cold thy love as they,
Like watercress gathered fresh from cool streams.

As he sang, it began to rain. It had never rained there before, not once in the eternity of his imprisonment. Lifting his face to the sky, he let the cool drops mingle with his tears. Later, he found that it always rained when he sang, but he didn’t know why. He realized he didn’t care, because this was the first and only thing he could control in this dismal place.
He built the gateway the first time as an experiment. Having no real experience with elemental gateways, he had a working knowledge of how to build one from Tojen’s writings. He pried stones from the labyrinth walls and built a cistern in the center of the standing stones. He sang again and let the rain fill the cistern until he could see his reflection in the water. Then, he drew a sharp rock across his palm, drawing blood. Only slightly surprised that he bled when he didn’t even have a pulse, he let the blood drip into the pool of water, focusing all his energy on her, and let the power of his love forge a connection between the two worlds. The water steamed and boiled and when it finally cleared, he could see the forest in her mind.
This time, as before, he stepped into the water and cleared his mind of everything but her. Entering the plane of her subconscious was only half the battle. When he opened his eyes, he stood on a rocky outcropping above the reflecting pool in her mind. A waterfall cascaded down a cliff face in front of him and in the water he could see the murky outlines of his labyrinth. Knowing he didn’t have much time, he set off in the direction of the clearing. She always appeared in the clearing first. He hoped she would sleep soon. It was much easier to reach her if she was sleeping. If she was awake, the best he could do was watch her from a distance. She seemed to recognize him on his last attempt, as she stood in the middle of a street. He could only see her immediate surroundings, as if she were in a bubble, and he’d tried to lead her to a body of water, but the two planes were not aligned perfectly, making it difficult for him to lead her through a physical realm when all he could see was the forest. He gave it his best effort, but in the end he couldn’t stay long enough to make contact. 
As he waited impatiently in the clearing this time, she appeared suddenly, stepping out from behind a tree. She hesitated, seeming to sense his presence, or at least that something was different. Glancing around cautiously, she didn’t run as she usually did when she sensed him. He wondered what had changed and vowed he would make her see him this time. The final bridge between their astral planes had to be crossed with mutual acknowledgement of one another’s presence and physical contact.
“Are … you there?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
She was looking for him! He could have danced for joy.
“Yes! I’m here, love!” he called across the clearing, but she gave no indication that she heard him. He had to find a way to reach her. Striding purposefully across the clearing, he stood directly in front of her. “Hear me, love,” he whispered.
She looked around anxiously, still unable to hear him. Using immense force of will, he placed his hands on her waist and pushed her back a step. She gasped and froze, her eyes widening. Her arms reached out to feel for him and her hands seemed to glide right through him, as if he were just the ghost of her long lost love. With renewed concentration, he pushed her gently backward until her back was against a tree. He knew she could feel his hands, and it was time for her to feel something more. He lowered his mouth to hers and she went still, sensing his nearness. 
“Close your eyes,” he whispered against her lips and she did. He kissed her softly and she gave in with a sigh. Reaching out again, this time her arms twined around his neck. Spurred on by her response, he deepened the kiss. It wasn’t a perfect kiss; the electric charge that was so familiar to him on Earth was gone, leaving him only with the soft pliability of her mouth and her quiet sighs. For him, it was more than enough. When he finally pulled away, her eyes fluttered open, went very wide … and focused on him.
“Chase,” she breathed.
She could see him.







Chapter Three

 “Is it really you?” Asiah whispered, unable to believe her eyes. Tears began to blur her vision.
Chase looked tired, like he’d been suffering. Dark circles shadowed his red-rimmed eyes and his black tunic and trousers were worn and filthy. His face was drawn and gaunt, and there were far too many worry lines around his eyes. Even so, he smiled and she thought she’d never seen him happier.
He cupped her face in his hands and rested his forehead against hers. “I’m here, my love. You have no idea how it thrills me to be here with you, to touch you, to kiss you …” He touched his lips to hers again and her mind reeled. It was nearly as wonderful as she remembered. He broke the kiss and regarded her intently.
“Why … how …?” she began, unsure what to ask him first. She touched his face and brushed her fingers down his throat, then jerked her hand back. “You don’t have a heartbeat!” she said, stepping back.
“I’m no longer living,” he said with a haunted look.
She shook her head, trying to clear it. “But I thought …What about the æthers?”
He laughed humorlessly. “Right. I’m not sure that place exists.”
“Then where are you? How did you get here?”
“I built something called an elemental gateway. It’s a bridge between two dimensions. I’m not really here physically, just my essence. Just as you are not here, but dreaming. Our minds fill in the details from our memories so that when we touch,” — he brushed his fingers down her cheek — “we can feel each other.”
“If you aren’t in the æthers, where are you?”
He glanced away. “It doesn’t matter, as long as I can visit you here.”
She frowned. “Why would you want to visit? I thought any place you go after death was supposed to be better? That’s why no one returns from death.”
He still wouldn’t meet her eyes. “Not all places are better. No place could be better without you.”
“Tell me where you are.”
“It’s not important.”
She put a finger in his chest and backed him up against a boulder. “You tell me where you are right now, Chase Brandon!”
He sighed and took her hand in his. “I’m imprisoned,” he said, without looking up from their hands.
“What?” she whispered, stepping back in shock. “How can that be?”
“What I did — what we did together — apparently the Ikhälea disapproved.”
She remembered the words on the scroll. “‘The Fallen Conjurer’s seduction …’ But you aren’t …” She trailed off as she realized he definitely qualified as fallen now. “I never thought— no! That was my doing. I asked you to make love to me. You can’t be imprisoned for that!” she said vehemently, liking the Ikhälea less and less.
He smiled sadly. “I would do it again you know. Given the same circumstances, I would choose to make love to you every time.” He lifted her hand to his lips and lightly kissed her knuckles.
She jerked her hand back and turned away. She needed to put some distance between them to think. “Who do they think they are? You completed your task! If I ever get my hands on them—”
“There’s nothing you can do now, love. I must accept my fate.”
Like hell. “No. There’s always a way. I wish I could talk to … Arrgh! I don’t even know who to be angry with!”
Chase came to her and gripped her shoulders. “Don’t be angry. This is the way it must be. Not even the Council would hear you out.”
She raised her eyebrows. “What council? What are you talking about?”
“I didn’t have time to tell you about them when I was alive, but there is a Council of Ikhälea that can be reached from Earth. They are there for guidance only. They will not help you release me.”
“I can try, can’t I? I can’t live in peace knowing that I put you in that place.”
“My fate is not your concern. You have a duty to do on Earth. And you have found another to love. How would he feel if he knew you wanted to spring me from an inter-dimensional prison?”
She clenched her jaw. Ben would be livid, that’s how he’d feel. “I have to do something,” she whispered miserably, looking into his eyes. They were no longer green, but his natural, stormy gray. She brushed a lock of hair from his forehead and realized that the electric sensation they used to feel when they touched was gone. That was why his kiss seemed just a little bit off. “If it can be done, would you come back? To Earth?”
He slid his hands up her arms to weave his fingers into her hair. “You know I would.”
“We couldn’t be together, you know. My husband would disapprove.” She managed a weak smile.
Chase returned her smile. “He is the luckiest man on Earth. I wouldn’t come back to take you away from him. To see you happy would be enough for me.”
“It’s not enough for you right now?” She lifted an eyebrow at him.
“I’m a hungry man who hasn’t eaten in centuries. And you are a beautiful strawberry.” He grinned and kissed her again, and she couldn’t bring herself to stop him.
Lightning flashed in the Forest then, and Asiah realized how cold it was there since Chase had arrived.
He looked up at the sky. “My time is almost up.” He looked back to her face and stroked his fingers down her cheek. “The Council can be reached in a cave in New Mexico. You will know where because it is in a place to which you cannot channel. If you call them, they will answer. I will leave you to sleep for a while. I’m sorry I’ve been disturbing your slumber.” The sky flashed again and a cold wind began to blow, ruffling his dark hair. “Drop this in the reflecting pool when you are ready to see me again.” He took her hand and placed in it a ring with a blue stone. It was the ring that once was attached to her power bracelet. She’d thought the ring was lost forever. Maybe it still was, and existed only on this subconscious plane.
With a last glance at the sky, he pulled her close for a lingering kiss before he shimmered out of sight. The sky cleared and a warm breeze filtered through the trees. Asiah dropped to the ground, shaking. Her chest ached at the thought of Chase enduring an eternal prison because she’d asked for one night of passion. She would put this right, no matter what she had to do. She would find a way to bring Chase back.

***

Ben woke to the sound of his cell phone ringing. He rolled over, vaguely aware that Asiah was finally sleeping soundly next to him.
“Torricelli,” he rumbled, stifling a yawn. His alarm clock said it was just before six.
“It’s Dietrich, sir. Sorry to wake you.”
“It’s fine. What’s the problem?”
“Kidnapping, sir. I wouldn’t have woken you, but the Senator has asked if the Director would personally handle the case. He’s in a bit of a hurry.”
“Which Senator?” Ben asked, even though he already had a hunch.
“Gary Rondell.”
Ben gritted his teeth. The conservative from Texas had a penchant for buying his way into and out of any situation and publicly opposed government patronage of private agencies like Sapphire. Yet here he was, waking Ben up before dawn to find his daughter. Fifteen-year-old Shayla Rondell had run away from home a number of times with various boyfriends in a brilliant display of teenage rebellion. Each time her father had reported a kidnapping. Asiah took the case one time and brought Shayla home within an hour. Apparently she did the job too well, as the Senator took to calling on Sapphire every time his daughter ran off. 
“It’s Saturday morning, Dietrich. Is the Senator on the premises now?”
“Yes, sir.”
Ben looked at Asiah’s serene face and made a decision. “Look, the Director is unavailable to take the case at this time. Tell the Senator—”
“He’s not in the room with me, sir,” Dietrich interrupted.
Ben slid out of the king-sized, four-poster bed, grabbed his bathrobe and crept into the hallway, closing the bedroom door softly. “Then tell that entitled son-of-a-bitch that the local police or the Feds can handle his teenage runaway this time.”
“She’s still not sleeping?” There was concern in Dietrich’s voice. A former Army Ranger, Christian Dietrich was one of the first agents hired after Sapphire opened. He was one hell of a field agent and had become a good friend of the Torricelli’s.
Ben sighed and padded down the stairs to the kitchen. “Actually, she’s sleeping now for the first time in weeks. I don’t have the heart to wake her up for an arrogant bastard like Rondell.”
“Enough said, sir. I’ll tell Rondell to piss off. Sorry again for the wake-up call.”
“No harm done, Dietrich. Call me if anything big comes through, otherwise I’m going to let Asiah sleep.” He snapped his phone shut and went to the coffee maker.
Asiah appeared around 10:00 as Ben was reading the news on his laptop at the kitchen table. He removed his glasses as she shuffled into the kitchen wearing flannel pants and a hooded MIT sweatshirt.
“Good morning, gorgeous,” he said brightly and she winced.
“Tea,” she mumbled and walked to the tea maker which he had already loaded with her Irish breakfast tea leaves. She jabbed a finger at the on-button and returned to the table. Ben scooted his chair back and pulled her onto his lap. She didn’t resist and laid her head on his shoulder.
He planted a kiss on top of her head. “You slept.”
“Mmm-hmm.”
“Do you feel better?”
“A little.”
“You’re not very talkative this morning.” He nuzzled her ear.
“Sorry.”
Ben shrugged that off and reached into his robe pocket. “I didn’t give you your gift last night.”
She sat up and looked into his eyes. “You didn’t have to get me anything.”
“For our anniversary? Of course I did!” He pushed the velvet box into her hand. “Just open it.”
She frowned at the box and popped it open, then held up the bullet necklace and examined it carefully. Dropping it into her palm, she closed her eyes and ran her fingers over the shell casing. After a moment her eyes flew open. “This is—”
“From the bullet that made me realize how I could never live without you. Literally.”
Her mouth fell open in shock. “How did you find this? The CIA locked all that evidence away. And no one even knew you’d been shot!”
He grinned. “I have my methods. Do you like it?”
“It’s perfect! I was so worried you were going to buy me another house or something.”
Ben laughed. “I set the bar pretty high, didn’t I?”
“You certainly did this time.” She held it out to him and he fastened it around her neck. Tilting his chin up, she kissed him lightly. “Thank you.”
The tea maker chimed and she jumped up to silence it. As he watched her prepare her tea, Ben knew he couldn’t avoid asking his next question, no matter how much he dreaded doing so.
“So … how did it go last night?”
“Last night?” she asked, a little too innocently.
“In your dreams. Something must have changed since you slept through the night for once.”
“Yes.” She stirred her tea absently.
When she didn’t elaborate, he prodded, “Well?”
“He was there.”
“Did you speak to him?”
“Yes.” He thought he saw guilt flash in her eyes momentarily, but couldn’t be sure. “Chase was more than just a shadow this time. He found a way to make physical contact with me in my dreams. It’s really him, Ben.” She sank into a chair at the table.
Ben didn’t like her use of the words physical contact, and forced himself to ignore the implications. “Did he say why he was trying to reach you? Isn’t he supposed to be … dead?”
“At first he wouldn’t tell me why, just that he wanted to visit.”
“Like a ghost haunting a house?”
“I guess. But it turns out he’s not in the utopian place he was supposed to go to. He’s imprisoned.” Pain filled her eyes.
This conversation had gotten too bizarre. Ben had a working understanding of Asiah’s purpose and abilities on Earth, but he was still a little foggy on her people, the Ikhälea, she called them. And she’d never told him anything about this Chase guy until recently.
“What does that mean exactly?” he asked, already dreading the answer.
“It’s not his fault,” she whispered. “I made him … do something … that caused the Ikhälea to lock him up. If I’d known …” She trailed off.
“What did he do?”
She gave him a look that said he didn’t want to know. He realized she was right: he didn’t.
“So, what happens now?” he asked hesitantly.
She looked him in the eye, her blue eyes pleading, and he knew he didn’t want to hear the answer to this one either.
“I want to find a way to free him.”
Ben took a deep breath and traced a circle on the woven placemat with his finger. “Can it be done?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know. But I have to try. He’s in that awful place because of me.”
“Why didn’t he try to contact you before? You said he died 75 years ago.”
“Inter-dimensional communication isn’t like picking up a telephone. His subconscious can only connect with mine if I dream about him, which has to be initiated by him. He only recently found a way to insert himself into my dreams. I was too afraid to face him, so I ran away as soon as I felt his presence. If I’d known he was trapped …”
Ben reached across the table to take her hand. “You shouldn’t be so hard on yourself. How do you know this is real? That it’s not just some illusion in your dreams?”
“It’s hard to explain, but I know when the dreams I’m having are just ordinary dreams and when they’re something more. This is real. He’s living in hell and I have to at least try and find peace for his soul.”
Ben thought he could get on board with that. “So we’re not talking about bringing him back to life or anything, right?” Asiah was hung up on Chase for seven decades. The last thing Ben needed was for the “one that got away” to come back into her life.
“I don’t honestly know. In my dream he didn’t have a pulse and his touch used to tingle on my skin. If I can break his bonds I don’t know where he’ll go next. I just hope it’s better than where he is now.”
Ben frowned. He didn’t like the wistful look that she had when talking about this guy’s tingly touch. But if helping him reach the “other side” was all she wanted to do, he could help her with that, and then maybe she could put Chase’s memory to rest at last.
“What can I do?”
Her face lit up and he decided she probably hadn’t expected him to be so forgiving. “I need to go to New Mexico. Today. Probably not for more than a few hours. Possibly overnight.”
He lifted an eyebrow. “What’s in New Mexico?”
She was quiet a moment as she considered her answer, then she gave in with a shrug. “A cave full of alien elders who are supposed to help me in my quest.”
“Jesus.”
“Wrong dogma.” She gave him a sideways smile. “You knew what you were getting into with this.” She held up her left hand and wiggled her ring finger, from which a huge sapphire wedding ring glinted.
He stood and pulled her to her feet. “That I did.” He slid his arms around her waist. “And I would do it again in a heartbeat.” He kissed her softly and released her. “Have everything you need for the trip?”
“I need to stop by the office to gear up. Chase said I can’t channel to this place, but I assume I can get close. There may be some hiking in the desert involved.”
“In that case, I’m going to see if some of the guys want to play paintball today.” When Ben “played” paintball with the guys from Sapphire it was much more than a game with actual tactical gear and maneuvers all just for bragging rights.
“Without me?” she pouted.
He grinned. Whatever team Asiah played for usually won. “Believe me, babe, the guys will be relieved.” 
She laughed and bounded back upstairs to get dressed.







Chapter Four

Asiah did a test-channel over New Mexico looking for electromagnetic anomalies. She found a large one in the middle of the desert southwest of Albuquerque, over a hundred miles from any highway or town, and wondered why she hadn’t been aware of its existence earlier. It was a wide area in addition to being remote, and she knew that the cave she sought would be in its center. Figuring she could channel to the edge of the anomaly, she planned to hike or ride a bike the rest of the way in. Depending on where the cave was, it looked like she could be in the desert all night.
Electromagnetic anomalies existed all over the world and, Asiah assumed, the entire universe, the most well-known of which was the Bermuda Triangle. The one Asiah encountered in the desert was small by comparison, and she wasn’t able to control energy there like she could everywhere else. Luckily, it was easy for her to sense such areas from far away.
After breakfast she packed her gear in a backpack and stopped at a cycling shop to pick up a mountain bike. Hiking over 30 miles in the desert didn’t sound like the most fun, and every moment she left Chase in his prison would seem like an eternity to him. Once she’d selected the bicycle of her choice, she straddled the bike in the alley behind the shop and focused on her path to the desert. Seconds later she was madly pedaling across the rocky landscape. 
She’d never had a bicycle growing up in Ireland or even after she’d arrived in America. She taught herself to ride on Ocea with an antiquated contraption that closely resembled a bicycle, but the planet was mostly covered in jungle and she didn’t have much chance to ride for fun anyway, spending most of her time studying or exploring the small planet on foot. Tearing across the red sand now was like a childhood dream come true. She felt the wind in her hair through the vents in her helmet and the sheer exhilaration of propelling oneself across the land.
The moment she crossed into the anomaly she felt the energy around her shift, but she didn’t slow down. Her powers would be weak if not useless inside the anomaly, hence the helmet and protective pads she wore while riding. An injury could be potentially devastating when she couldn’t heal herself. 
Riding a straight line to where she calculated the center of the anomaly was, she reached a cliff after about 25 miles. Her flickering GPS unit told her she was at the center of the anomaly, although no caves were in sight. The bike skidded to a stop and she climbed off, leaning it against a boulder while she scouted the cliff face. She walked to the edge and peered over, immediately backing up. One misstep and she would plummet hundreds of feet into the gorge below. It was slightly unnerving not knowing whether she could save herself if she fell. Since the cave could only be down the cliff face, she didn’t have a lot of choice but to tempt fate.
Removing her helmet, Asiah dug in her bag for her climbing gear. Once she set her anchors, she adjusted her climbing harness and taking a deep breath, began slowly rappelling down the rocky face. The sun was beginning to set in the west and she wondered if she’d find the cave before it was too dark. Fortunately, while she couldn’t use most of her powers, she still had excellent vision and hearing. As darkness fell, she could see that she was nearing a ledge about 30 feet below her.
Her feet hit solid ground and she looked around. Luckily, ledge was the mouth of a cave. She squinted into the darkness, sure that this was the place she was searching for. She stepped out of her harness and left it at the mouth of the cave. She whispered into her palm and was surprised to see that her powers worked in the cave. Lifting her now-illuminated hand, she shined her light toward the back of the cave. The blue beam of light extended farther into the cliff than Asiah could see.
With grim resolve, she began walking into the cave. Rudimentary drawings were scattered on the walls, reminding Asiah of the caves surrounding the castle she’d inhabited on Ocea. If this was indeed the cave she sought, it made sense that the same runes lining the passages on the “in-between world” of Ocea could be seen here as well. 
The passage narrowed after about a hundred yards and Asiah had to crouch down to avoid hitting her head on the ceiling. After crawling the last 20 yards on her hands and knees, she reached a dead-end. A cool breeze whistled softly through a small gap in the rocks. Using her hand for light, she looked through the opening into the chamber beyond. It was perfectly circular with several smooth rocks arranged in a semi-circle. 
Like a council chamber …
Asiah drew back, examining the tiny hole. She would have to channel through it. Disturbing the rocks here could cause a cave-in and she had no idea if she could stop it or survive for that matter. Her powers may be accessible, but that didn’t mean they were unlimited. It made sense that the opening to the chamber was so innocuous; it was small enough that any human who found it would disregard it and turn back. She could still feel the strong electromagnetic fields surrounding this place, but somehow knew that it would not be difficult to channel through the gap. If Asiah was undoubtedly the one True Shade, then the Ikhälea purposely would have made this entrance so that only she could easily pass through. She wondered if Chase had ever come here for guidance. Probably not; it was more likely that his great-uncle had told him about it so that he could tell her. She wished she’d known about this place 75 years ago. Would it have made a difference? She’d never know.
She flashed through the gap, feeling the tight squeeze even as a tiny ball of light. Inside, she looked around at the unusual chamber. The room was perfectly round with smooth walls and a domed ceiling. The tiny hole through which she had come was barely visible in the wall behind her. The floor was also smooth, like polished marble. Seven round rocks formed a semi-circle in the back half of the room. In the center of the room stood another, taller rock, resembling a podium. There were no lights in the room, but neither was it dark. An ethereal violet-blue glow permeated the chamber, and Asiah could see a faint shimmer on the rocks and walls. The air was cool here, but not unpleasantly so. The strange atmosphere of the room made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.
She walked toward the rock in the center, her footsteps echoing off the walls. The stone was about four feet high and about two feet in diameter. Its flat surface shone like it had been meticulously polished. Had there been more light, Asiah thought she might be able to see her reflection. She examined the surface of the rock carefully trying to ascertain its purpose. She took a step back and remembered what Chase had told her. 
Call and they will answer.
Asiah had no idea how to call the Council. She had no doubt this was the chamber, but how long had it been since last they met here? Would they even come this time? Were they watching her at that very moment? She found that she was starting to feel anxious. Having only read about her mysterious ancestors, she didn’t know what to expect now that she was about to have a true close encounter. She looked down at her clothing in dismay. She was dressed in cutoff denim shorts, a white tank top and her hiking boots, and was covered in dust from her crawl through the cave, not to mention that she’d spent most of the afternoon sweating. Her apprehension mounted. How was she supposed to ask a favor of a superior race looking like this?
She turned to go, then stopped, reining in her anxiety. This was ridiculous. Chase was languishing in a prison of his own nightmares and she was worried about how she’d look to the Ikhälean Council. Whirling back around to stand in front of the center stone, she placed her hands on the stone’s surface and the swirly language of the Ikhälea appeared on its smooth exterior in glimmering gold letters. The last time she read this language she had only to concentrate to hear the words in her head. 
She closed her eyes and cleared her mind. “Here goes nothing,” she muttered.
“Long past is the time in which you should have visited,” said a voice in her head, almost immediately.
Asiah’s eyes flew open and she jumped back from the stone, startled. Spectral forms floated above each of the rocks in the semi-circle, seven in all. They were too blurry to fully discern, as if her half-human eyes could not quite bring them into focus, but they somewhat resembled people. 
“Wh-what did you say?” Asiah looked at each ghostly form, not sure which had spoken, or if any of them had. She wished their faces weren’t so hazy so she could determine their expressions.
“Speak not with your tongue, Shade. We do not have ears for your primitive utterances.” It was the one in the middle that spoke. The voice seemed more female than male in Asiah’s head, but she couldn’t be sure.
Asiah remembered then that she learned that the Ikhälea communicated exclusively through telepathy. She cursed herself for forgetting such an important detail already, and probably offending the Council in the process. She turned her communication inward, using her thoughts instead of her mouth.
“My apologies. I have never communicated with your kind before.”
The one on the far left turned its head toward her. “Our kind is also your kind, Shade.”
“Why do you come now, as your maturity approaches?” another asked.
“I only just found out about you … and this place … recently.” It took some concentration to speak without actually speaking aloud.
“The Conjurer did not tell her before his sacrifice,” the middle one said to the one next to her. 
“It matters not. You did not finish your seclusion on the half-planet. You seek our counsel prematurely.”
Asiah frowned. “You just said I was late. Now I’m too early?”
“Your training on the half-planet would be greatly enhanced had you consulted us first.”
“I’d say it was sufficient,” Asiah said tightly. What more could she have done on Ocea? She’d spent nine hellish years with a speechless monk learning how to use her powers without sapphires. Everything after that had been fine-tuning.
“Human arrogance!” a deeper voice boomed in her head, and she forced herself not to recoil. “Moments from your maturity and you have no idea what comes. At this rate you will tear yourself apart. Now there is not sufficient time to train you to survive the transition.”
“She has taken a human lover,” another ghostly being whispered to its neighbor, as if Asiah weren’t standing right in front of them, hearing their every word in her head.
The fear she’d felt at the thought of her impending maturity turned to annoyance. “You mean my husband?”
“A meaningless human label. He will be useful when your maturity looms.”
Asiah paled. She didn’t want to think about how Ben would be considered “useful” by these creatures. Forcing her breathing to slow, she changed the subject. “I came here to ask for your help. Chase — the Conjurer — has been wrongfully imprisoned.”
“Not wrongfully. He corrupted you.” 
“I asked him to do what he did. And if I’m ‘corrupted’ then what use am I to you?” she asked heatedly.
“It matters not who initiated the act. It is forbidden. You knew this, as did he.”
“Why is it forbidden? You’re clearly aware that my husband is corrupting me as well,” she snapped.
“The human emotion … love … is a distraction. Emotional attachments are liabilities.”
Asiah sensed there was more to it than that. Anyone could work past distractions with enough focus. “Then you might as well give the job to someone else. I’m not going to give up my emotional attachments.”
“Yes. We have seen as much. It is the opinion of some members of this Council that you can still accomplish your task. Although it is by a slim majority.” The female in the center spoke this time.
“Gee, thanks.”
“Save your sarcasm, Shade. It is by sheer luck that you are allowed to continue on your quest. Some of us believe that another Cleric should have been sent decades ago.”
“Would it matter? Is there still time to correct Earth’s course?” Asiah asked, wondering if she cared. Earth might just be better off without becoming this unfeeling race.
“That is also debatable. But at the present time, yes, we believe the course of events will lead to your success.”
“Are you going to tell me how?”
“No. It is your quest.”
“Great. Can Chase be freed from his prison or not?”
“No prison is permanent. His is no different.”
“How?” Hope flared in her heart.
“It is simple. He created his own prison, he need only find his meditative center.”
Asiah didn’t know what that meant, but she thought Chase might. Something else was still bothering her. “What did you mean when you said my maturity might tear me apart?”
“You are not the first Shade to transition without training. It is likely you will die, but some have survived. Your human lover would make a sufficient sacrifice.”
“Excuse me?” she blurted aloud. What the hell did that mean?
“You have all you need to know.”
Asiah rolled her eyes. These people didn’t know what love was, therefore they could never understand the true meaning of the word sacrifice. “I have to go.” She turned to the hole in the wall.
“Shade.”
She turned back, quirking an eyebrow.
“An exchange must be made.”
“An exchange?”
“If the Conjurer is released, someone must take his place.”
Asiah nodded. “Right away?”
“No. Upon death.”
“Good. Then I will take his place.”
“You will give up your place among the æthers?”
“He gave it up for me.”
“So shall it be.”
Asiah nodded grimly and turned back to the wall. She glanced over her shoulder to see that the chamber had quieted and the Council members were gone. 

***

A distant splashing sound roused Chase from his reverie. He looked around. His cistern was dry, so where could the sound have come from? His singing no longer produced rain. He wasn’t sure why it did in the first place, but whatever the reason, it had stopped. It was a crushing blow and he thought he might lose his mind, if he hadn’t already. His limited knowledge of elemental gateways was used up. Water gates were the easiest to conjure, followed by fire, earth and air. He had watched Tojen create a water gate once and had copied the old man’s actions for his own cistern, but now that he couldn’t make it rain he didn’t know what to do. Not a drop of water could be found anywhere.
He stood up and wandered around the circle. There were no streams or lakes in the labyrinth which surrounded the small rise on which the tall stones stood. He wracked his brain, trying the think where he could get some water. On impulse, he picked up a handful of sand from the base of one of the stones. He pulled a flat leaf from a nearby shrub and cupped his palm around the leaf.
“I must be mad,” he muttered to himself and threw the sand into his eyes.
He groaned in pain and blinked furiously as tears poured out of his eyes and into the leaf in his hand. He held the leaf under his eyes for several minutes until he had a tiny pool of tears in his hand. He carefully set the leaf between two stones so it wouldn’t spill and knelt down to peer at his tiny reflection.
Chase wiped the rest of the sand from his eyes and squinted at his reddened eyes reflected back at him. He cut his hand as before and added his blood to the leaf-basin. The water steamed and bubbled, and a moment later her ring appeared: the one he had told her to drop in the reflecting pool. He still didn’t know how he’d heard a splash, but apparently it had worked. He closed his bloodshot eyes and dipped his finger into the pool.
A moment later he was standing on the rocky outcropping in her forest. Breathing a sigh of relief, he turned to see her standing at the water’s edge, waiting for him. He had to restrain himself from running to her and scooping her up in his arms. She was with someone else now, and he needed to keep his urge to touch her in check. He could not, however, stop himself from making her blush.
“Breathtaking as ever, love,” he said hopping off the rocks onto the ground beside her. “Although if I didn’t know better, I’d say you’ve aged.”
Her cheeks flushed and he could tell she was also holding herself back. “I have. I’ve been aging normally for the past eight years.”
“Why?”
She shrugged. “It gives me a deadline for completing my task. I’m not sure I can do what you did and live so long. I see you found the ring.”
“It found me. Funny things, elemental gateways. I’ll teach you about them sometime.”
She turned and began walking toward the clearing, her pale blue dress sparkling as it swirled around her bare feet. “It seems there are quite a few things you didn’t get to explain before, well, you know.”
“It’s alright, I’m aware of my expired status.” He smiled sadly at her. 
She didn’t look at him. “The Council seemed upset you hadn’t directed me to them sooner.”
“I’m sorry. It was on my mind, but in my final moments all I could think about was to tell you—”
“I remember,” she interrupted. She was clearly agitated about something. She stopped in the center of the clearing and looked up at the small wedge of sky visible through the canopy. “They said I might not survive the transition to maturity.”
He walked in front of her and took her chin in his hand, making her look at him. “You will. They don’t know you like I do.”
Fear slashed across her face. “What’s going to happen to me?” she whispered brokenly.
Chase backed up a step and crossed his arms so he wouldn’t wrap them around her. “I wish I knew. If we can figure out a way to get me out of here I promise I will be there to help you.”
She nodded and clenched her jaw to try and keep it from trembling, but failed. Chase took a step forward and she turned away.
“What else did they tell you?” he asked, hoping to change the subject.
She sighed and faced him, clearly relieved that he’d changed the topic of conversation. “They said your prison isn’t permanent, that you can get out if you find your meditative center. Do you know what that means?”
He groaned. “Yes, but it doesn’t help. Your meditative center is the place you go to clear your mind. The rock in the lake in your case. My center is on the other side of a very complicated and ever-changing labyrinth. I’ve been trying to get through it for … how long have I been dead, anyway?”
“Seventy-five years.”
He raised his brows. “Is that all? Feels like centuries. Anyhow, I can’t reach my meditative center. I have no powers there.”
She looked thoughtful. “What if … I came through the gateway to help you? Can I even do that?”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea. What if you get trapped in there with me?”
“I’m sure you would just love that,” she muttered.
“Yes, I would,” he admitted with a smile.
“I wonder if my powers will work there.”
Chase shrugged. “I can use mine here, although I’m borrowing from you a bit.” He held out his hand and a ball of green fire sprang from his palm. “Didn’t you wonder where the bed came from?”
Her mouth fell open and her face turned beet-red. “I knew that was you! You almost got me in trouble that night. I was moaning in my sleep. Ben didn’t approve.”
“This … Ben. Does he approve of you helping me?”
She looked uncomfortable. “He thinks I’m going to help you move on. To the other side.”
He raised an eyebrow. “The other side of what?”
“Death. So you can rest in peace or … whatever.”
His heart lurched. “Is that what you want?”
She looked him steadily in the eye. “I want to get you out of that place. You don’t deserve to be there. If you go on to a better place, I’ll be satisfied. If you come back somehow … to live again … that would also be … alright.”
Relief washed over him. So she wasn’t just trying to be rid of him. “Just alright? Tell me you missed me at least a little more than that, love.”
She let out her breath in exasperation. “The truth is I don’t know how I’ll handle it if you are suddenly back in my life. Chances are that it’ll make things very complicated for me. But if that’s what it takes to get you out of there—”
He reached for her hand and squeezed it. “We don’t have to figure any of that out now. I’m content visiting your dreams, but if you insist on breaking me out of my nightmare, I’ll not stop you.”
“Good. How do we do it?”
“My meditative center is on the other side of the labyrinth as I said. I know the path through the labyrinth in my mind, but when I walk that path, it’s not the same. I can’t get through. The paths change and I always end up right where I’ve started.”
“Let’s assume I can get into this place and help you. Maybe I can get through where you can’t. Maybe the obstacles are only meant for you. You could tell me what path to take.”
“I’m not sure that would help. I’m the one that has to get through.”
She pondered that a moment. “I think it’s worth a try, letting me have a look at this place. Once I’m inside we can tackle the next obstacle.”
He leaned his back against a tree. The light was shifting which meant he would have to leave soon, and he wasn’t ready to leave her behind again. “Alright. But I’m only agreeing to this because I secretly hope you’ll be trapped with me forever.”
She lightly punched his shoulder. “Self-serving scoundrel.” She finally smiled at him.
He’d held back long enough and tugged her forward so her body was flush with his. He lowered his head and paused with his mouth a whisper away from hers. “Yes. I love you. I’ll always love you, and you’re going to have to accept that whether I’m living or dead.” He sealed his mouth to hers and could have cried with happiness when she kissed him back just as eagerly. 
He let her go after he told her to look in his old writings about how to construct the gateway. As the forest faded back into his dismal maze, a single tear slid down his cheek.







Chapter Five

Asiah pulled into her parking spot at Sapphire early Monday morning after managing to catch up on as much sleep as possible the day before. She groaned when she saw the town car in the guest parking area that she knew belonged to Senator Rondell. Her ordeal with Chase had taken priority in her life and she’d completely forgotten that Ben had mentioned that the Senator had called very early on Saturday morning. Upstairs, she approached her office carefully, assessing her assistant’s demeanor.
Lana Fairchild popped up out of her chair the moment she saw Asiah. “I tried to make him wait outside, but he refused!” she whispered urgently.
Asiah put her hand on the blond woman’s arm. “It’s not your fault. I’ll deal with the Senator.” She steeled herself and breezed into her office as a queen would sweep into her throne room.
“Senator,” she said without looking at him as he stared her down from the ivory leather sofa against the far wall. She sat down at her desk and opened her laptop.
“My daughter is still missing!” he snapped as he stormed over to stand in front of her enameled walnut desk.
She raised her eyebrows and graced him with a cool glare. In his late fifties, the Senator had not taken an interest in his health once in his life. He was overweight and an alcoholic with a ring of gray hair surrounding his shiny pate. His bulbous nose and beady eyes made him look like an old tortoise having a bad day.
“Have you alerted the local authorities?” she asked, turning her attention back to her email inbox and wondering if she needed to have a talk with her security team downstairs about letting Rondell through.
“Of course not! Why would I put those idiots on the case when you can get the job done before lunch?” he blustered.
“You assume I have no other scheduled commitments, which I do,” she said dryly.
“This is important! For what I’m paying you, you should drop everything and go find her!”
She gave him a look of exasperation. “You pay my standard fee and nothing more, and I haven’t agreed to take your case which means you haven’t paid me anything for your current complaint. I’m sorry, but you’ll have to let the police handle this one.”
“I don’t want the police, I want you!” He stomped his foot like an angry toddler.
She stood up and placed her hands on the desktop. She leaned forward, lowered her voice and pushed a little intimidation into his mind while she was at it. “I do not have time to run after your headstrong daughter, Senator. Now, if you don’t leave my office right now, I will have you forcibly removed.”
He paled and backed up a step. “Y-you wouldn’t dare!” he stammered.
Without breaking eye contact she punched a button on her phone. “Agent Dietrich, would you come to my office please?”
“Sure thing, boss.”
“I’m warning you, Torricelli,” Rondell said, looking like he might pass out.
Asiah crossed her arms over her chest and cocked an eyebrow at him as all 250 pounds of Christian Dietrich burst into the office. She nodded at Rondell. “Please escort the Senator out.”
Dietrich nodded and touched Rondell’s elbow. “Please come with me, Senator.”
Rondell’s eyes blazed. “Don’t touch me!” He jerked his arm out of Dietrich’s grasp and pointed a stubby finger at Asiah. “You’ll regret this, Torricelli,” he said, and stormed out.
“His daughter again?” Dietrich asked with a crooked smile.
“What else?” she replied, lowering herself into her chair. “Thanks for the back-up.”
He scratched his head and asked, “Why don’t you ever just make him leave? Like, with your mind?”
Asiah shrugged. “I could, but it makes more of a statement to have you throw him out.”
“Ironic, since you could haul him out yourself with no trouble.”
“I don’t like to show my true colors, especially with politicians,” she said.
Dietrich nodded. “Is the D.D. in yet?”
“Sleeping when I left. He should be in in about an hour. You know Ben, he needs several pots of coffee just to get him here by eight.”
“Lazy ass,” he chuckled. “Catch you later.”
“Later.”
Asiah liked the easy atmosphere around the office. All of her nearly 110 employees adored her and she enjoyed working with all of them as well. They’d only been working together for a couple of years, but she felt like they were a family already. Being lonely on Ocea for so long made her long to surround herself with a tight-knit group of people. Only very few of her employees actually knew about her abilities, including Sawyer, Dietrich, Lana, and Ben’s assistant, Tiffany. They had all signed sworn statements that if they ever left Asiah’s employ, they would be subjected to memory alteration.
Now that Rondell was out of the way, she focused again on her computer screen. She’d recently finished scanning all of Chase’s documents into digital files. It was a long and tedious process, and she couldn’t even get rid of the hard copies because so many documents were written in enchanted ink like the scroll Asiah had read at the beginning of her training. She locked all the documents in a safety deposit box at the bank. She now opened the file folder of scanned documents and searched through the files looking for information about elemental gateways. She thought maybe she had come across the information before when she’d studied these documents on Ocea, but she’d had no idea what an elemental gateway was at that time. It made more sense now that she’d seen one in action.
She’d been over Chase’s texts and journals many times and there were more things than elemental gateways that had confused her. Perhaps she would get a chance to understand these things if Chase returned. The thought both terrified and thrilled her. How could she handle Chase being back when she’d already eliminated the possibility that she’d ever see him again? Ben was distant whenever she brought it up. She’d be devastated if she saved Chase from his prison only to make all of their lives miserable.
She had mixed feelings about Chase now that she’d spent so much time reading his journals and trying to understand his struggle to find her for so many years. She’d had no idea just how many people had died because of him, assuming that only a few other Conjurers had perished because of his mission. In actuality there had been hundreds. She tried not to think of him as a brutal killer, since he hadn’t killed that many of them himself, and part of her just couldn’t believe that he was that kind of man. Not when he’d been so tender with her. At some point she’d have to face the fact that all those people had died because of him, which would be difficult to stomach.
A knock on her door made her almost jump out of her chair. She looked at the time in the corner of her screen. It was almost noon.
“Yes, come in,” she called and rubbed her eyes. She didn’t realize she’d spent so much time searching for information about inter-dimensional portals.
“You look tired, babe. I thought you were sleeping through the night again?” Ben strolled in and plopped down on the sofa, helping himself to a foil-wrapped truffle from a dish on the coffee table.
“I have, but even my dreams make me tired when I spend them trying to figure out how to get Chase out of his prison.”
“Right. Any progress on that yet? I still don’t like this whole situation,” he said with his mouth full of chocolate.
“We’re going to try something tonight that might put us on the right track.” She hesitated. “Or it could trap me in another dimension for all eternity!” she laughed at her own lame joke and Ben’s eyes went wide.
“Are you fucking kidding me? If that’s even a remote possibility—”
“I’ll be fine!” she assured him, coming over to the couch to sit with him. “There’s no indication that it will be dangerous. It’s just something that’s never been done before. We aren’t sure what will happen.”
Ben shifted on the cushion to face her. “Promise me you won’t put yourself in danger for this guy. He’s already dead for Christ’s sake. I’m not about to lose you over some fool’s errand like this.”
She smiled and squeezed his hand. “I promise. This isn’t as dangerous as you think. I shouldn’t have joked about it. I’m just going through a portal to Chase’s prison dimension to see if I can find out how to break him out.”
“And there’s a chance you could get stuck there.”
“It’s unlikely—”
“Unlikely? No. No way are you going in there unless you are certain it’s safe.”
“Listen, Chase is stuck there because he’s dead. As long as I’m alive I’m anchored to this plane of existence and I can’t be trapped in another dimension,” she explained.
He stood up and began pacing. “Isn’t there some other way you can do this without there being a chance of you being trapped in another … dimension or whatever?”
“It’s our best lead.”
“What if you get caught? By the Ick … Icky …”
“Ikhälea.”
“Them. Aren’t they kind of evil bastards?”
She glared at him. “Those ‘evil bastards’ are my people!”
He raised his voice. “I’m your people! Why doesn’t it seem to matter to you what I think?”
“You don’t understand what’s at stake here!”
“Maybe not, but you know what it looks like from my end? It looks like my wife wants to bail her old boyfriend out of jail and put herself in harm’s way to do it! You need to stop feeling guilty about whatever it is you made him do, which I’m sure he had a choice in, and leave him be. He screwed up and that’s why he’s there. End of story.”
“I’m not leaving him there.”
“Don’t do this, Asiah.” She could see the fear in his eyes.
“I have to.”
“Then you’re going to have to do it alone.” Before she could say anything, he turned and stormed out of her office, almost knocking Meri off her feet in the process.
“What’s his problem?” her sister asked, stepping inside.
“He doesn’t want me to help Chase.” She tried not to read too much into his parting words. He wasn’t leaving her, was he?
“Ah. Can’t say I blame him.”
“You’re not helping.” She walked back behind her desk and dropped into her chair wearily. She pushed her paranoid thoughts of Ben aside.
“How is that going anyway? Any ideas on how to get him out?”
“One, but it’s potentially dangerous.”
“Dangerous how?”
“I could be trapped indefinitely in a prison dimension.”
“With Chase.”
Asiah nodded.
“There was a time when that wouldn’t have bothered you a bit.” Meri quirked an eyebrow at her sister.
“Times have changed,” Asiah grumbled.
“So on one hand you can’t get him out and you have to live out your life on Earth with Ben, and on the other you get to spend eternity with the man for whom you pined for 70 years. Sounds like a win-win,” she laughed weakly.
“No matter what happens, one of the men I love will hate me when it’s over.”
Meri raised her eyebrows. “You still love Chase?”
Asiah’s eyes went wide. She hadn’t realized she’d just said that. “N-no, I just meant …” She broke off and groaned.
Meri sat came around the desk and leaned her hip against it. “I’m not going to tell on you. It must be hard seeing him again, even if it’s only in your dreams. I don’t expect you to be handling this particularly well.”
“Good, because I’m not. I’m going into Chase’s prison tonight. I need you to be there with me, to monitor my vitals. You should also monitor my sleep rhythms to make sure I stay in REM sleep. If I go deeper, I need you to wake me up.”
“What if I can’t?”
“Then shock me, hit me, do something.”
“A-alright,” Meri said uncertainly.
Asiah knew Meri would do whatever she asked even if she had no idea why she was doing it. “I’ll come to your place tonight, if that’s alright. Ben might need some space to cool off. He’s alright with me being in the line of fire on assignments but when it comes to the supernatural stuff, he has trouble.”
“That’s because he knows you can stop bullets. He doesn’t know the first thing about hopping around in dimensional space. It scares him.”
“It scares me too but he should know me well enough to trust me on this.”
Meri shrugged. “He loves you. Men in love don’t think rationally. I have to go, but I wanted to drop off the prototype for you to look at. I’ll see you tonight. Shall I order Thai food?” She handed Asiah a small box.
“Yes, please! I’ll see you later.” 
Asiah opened the box to see a small, shiny gray rock in the shape of an hourglass. Its ends were hollowed out to make room for two sapphires that would be inserted there. It was a hematite vehicle that would be inserted into the spinal process of each of her vertebrae. The hematite would conduct the sapphires’ energy to her bones and bloodstream so she’d never need serum again. Meri had been working on the hematite vehicles for months and Asiah was impressed.
She opened her laptop again and decided to do some actual work. She thrust all thoughts of Ben and Chase aside and focused on her job before the tension tore her apart.

***

“She’s crazy!” Ben railed at Sawyer. “She’s insane-asylum, padded-walls, bat-shit crazy.”
“Settle down, man, people are staring.” Sawyer gestured to the other patrons in the diner down the road from Sapphire.
Ben crossed his arms and gritted his teeth. “Don’t you think this is beyond stupid? Even for her?”
Sawyer shrugged. “You know her better than any of us. Have you told her how you feel?”
“Of course! She’s so caught up in her feelings for this dumbass — who probably deserves to be in the prison he’s in — to listen to me! You should see her face when she talks about the guy! If I didn’t know any better, I’d say she was still in love with him!” He flexed his fingers, wishing he could throttle this Chase character for sending Asiah on such a wild goose chase.
Sawyer idly stirred his coffee and sighed. “Do you trust her?”
Ben glared at his best friend. “What do you mean? Of course I do.”
“Then stop worrying. It’s understandable that you’re a little jealous because her ex is back in the picture, but if you trust her, then just leave it alone.”
“I wish it was her ex, but they never really broke up. He died.”
“Yeah, 75 years ago.” Sawyer paused. “This has got to be really weird for her.”
“Great. Now you’re taking her side!” Ben snapped.
“She does sign my paychecks, after all,” Sawyer said with a grin. Ben clenched his fists on the table and Sawyer held up his hands. “Calm down. I’m not taking anyone’s side, but you have to see this from her point of view. She spent almost her entire life trying to get over this guy, which she eventually did, and married you. Now, he’s back in her life and laying one hell of a guilt trip on her. What is she supposed to do?”
“Not put her marriage at risk by warping into another dimension in space!” Ben hissed.
“I can’t help you there,” Sawyer said. “That stuff still confuses the hell out of me.”
Ben sighed in resignation. “I don’t care if she wants to help the guy. I care that she wants to put her life at risk to do it.”
“I know she looks like a delicate flower, but you know more than anyone that she wouldn’t run blindly into a dangerous situation without a plan for getting out of it. And she’s not going to leave you for this guy. I’ve been trying to steal her away from you for four years and it hasn’t worked. What’s this guy got that you and I don’t?”
“Well, I know what I’ve got that you don’t,” Ben said, cracking a little smile before his expression sobered again. “But this guy, he’s like her. With superpowers and stuff.”
“So? That makes him more worthy of her?”
“Well, I guess not … I don’t know.”
“Did she like the necklace?” Sawyer changed the subject.
“Yeah, she said she loved it.”
“Know why?”
“Why?”
“Because you gave it to her.”
“Right, well, I need to get back.” Ben stood up and tossed some bills on the table.
“Trust her, man,” Sawyer said earnestly. “She knows what she’s doing.”
He nodded at his friend and left the diner. He trusted Asiah just fine. It was the sorcerer he didn’t trust. If she insisted on saving the man, that was fine, but Ben would make sure their association ended there.

***

Asiah picked up the Thai food Meri had ordered on her way to Meri’s house. Her sister lived in Georgetown, near the university where she guest-lectured occasionally. As one of the most prestigious surgeons in the D.C. area, Asiah sometimes wondered why her sister chose research over patient care. She could make a killing in private practice, but she was content to work for Asiah, puttering away in her medical research lab.
She knocked on the door of the modest house where Meri lived alone. She had had a few boyfriends over the last few years, but none of them stuck around very long. Asiah didn’t pry into her sister’s love life, but she couldn’t understand how any man wouldn’t throw himself at Meri’s feet in an instant. She figured most men were probably intimidated by Meri’s success.
Meri opened the door wearing a hooded sweatshirt and jeans. Asiah was also dressed comfortably in case what she was about to do took longer than overnight.
Asiah held up the bag in her hand. “Hungry?”
“Oh, yes!” Meri snatched the bag and headed for the kitchen at the back of the single-level house. Despite her success in the medical field, she lived simply with tastefully modern furniture and brightly colored artwork adorning the robin’s-egg-blue walls. “Tell me what’s going to happen tonight,” she said as she got some plates down from the cupboard.
Asiah sat down at the table and began arranging the takeout boxes. “I’ve been studying today about how to build an elemental gateway, a bridge between two dimensions in space. That’s how I can get into Chase’s prison.”
“Sounds mystical and complicated.”
“If Chase and I were two random people that had never met, it would be extremely difficult. But because we are connected, both physically and emotionally, it’s less so. Since I’m alive, my mind has all the things I need to get onto his plane. Getting back is the tricky part.”
Meri nodded. “And that’s why there’s a chance you could get stuck there.”
“Yes, but I still think it’s a low risk. Like I said, if you can monitor my brain activity, you’ll know when I need help getting back.” Asiah pulled a napkin from the take-out bag and grabbed a pen. She drew a wavy line on the napkin. “This is what normal brain activity looks like.”
“No kidding?” Meri said dryly, and Asiah smiled.
“I know you know that, but this,” she drew another line that was nearly flat, with only a small wave in it, “is not normal.”
“That’s what coma patients look like,” Meri said.
“Exactly. If my brainwaves go into this pattern, I need you to inject this.” Asiah pulled a syringe out of her bag and placed it on the table.
“It just looks like Liquid Sapphire,” Meri said, confused.
“It is, but with a boost. There’s epinephrine in there too. The combination of both should jolt me awake.”
“The epi could do that alone.”
“For a normal human, yes, but we have to assume that my mind will try and anchor me to whatever plane I’m on. The rush I get from my serum will pull me back into my own mind. In theory.”
Meri took a deep breath. “You’ve never led me astray.”
After dinner the sisters went into the living room. Meri attached sensors to Asiah’s forehead, chest, and placed a heart rate monitor on her finger. A portable unit that would monitor Asiah’s brain activity was humming on one of the end tables.
Asiah settled onto the couch. “It goes without saying that if I go into any type of physiologic distress—”
“I’ll pull you out,” Meri said. “It goes without saying.”
“Good. Thanks for doing this.”
“It’s nothing. What twin wouldn’t help her sister travel to another dimension in space to retrieve her imprisoned, dead boyfriend?”
Asiah laughed. “I love you, M.”
“Love you too, A.”
Asiah closed her eyes and let the Forest materialize around her. She looked around the clearing, searching for anything that might be different or cause a problem with what she was about to do. The Forest was calm and she could hear the birds chirping away in the trees. It was always a good sign when the birds were singing. It indicated that things were functioning normally in her mind.
The first thing she did was build a fire in the clearing so she could get back. She made sure it had enough fuel to keep burning for as long as she would be gone, which she hoped wasn’t too long. It worried her to leave an unattended fire in the Forest, but she trusted her mind to keep itself safe.
She went to the reflecting pool and stood on the rocky ledge that jutted out over the water. The pool reflected the canopy and the sky right now, but that was about to change. She drew Chase’s dagger from a sheath strapped to her leg. The bejeweled knife glittered in the sunlight that filtered down through the trees. She drew the blade lightly across her palm, just enough to draw a little blood. Then, she closed her hand around the cut and pictured Chase’s face. Closing her eyes, she concentrated on his image, shutting out everything around her. With her hand extended over the water, she squeezed her fist until blood dropped from her hand into the pool below. After another moment of intense focus, she opened her eyes.
In the water she could see a murky image. There were tall stones, like those at Stonehenge, standing in a circle. Beyond the stones was a labyrinth with towering walls of rough stones. She couldn’t see beyond the maze, but from Chase’s description, this was the right place. She put the Ikhälean blade back in its sheath and taking a deep breath, dove from the ledge into the water.







Chapter Six

Lightning flashed in the sky, making Chase leap to his feet. The sky never did anything, except for when he used to sing and it would rain. That had long since stopped, and the lightning was the first thing he’d seen come out of the sky since then.
A bolt hit the ground in the center of the standing stones only a few feet away from where he’d been sitting. His cistern blew apart, sending rocks flying in all directions. He scrambled to get behind one of the tall stones before he was pummeled by falling rock. When he heard silence after a moment, he peeked around the rock. A crater filled the space his cistern had occupied and he could see pink toes sticking up over the edge. 
A strange sense of déjà vu hit him when he saw Asiah lying in the crater. It wasn’t the first time he’d pulled her out of a similar hole in the ground. The last time had been when she misjudged a landing after channeling. He dragged her out of the crater and laid her on her back on the ground. He desperately wished he had some water to give her. She was covered in dust from head to toe, but didn’t seem to have any actual injuries. He brushed her hair from her forehead and touched her neck to check for a pulse. She had one, which was a relief since he did not.
She groaned softly and her eyes flickered open. It took her a moment to focus on anything, but when her eyes found his, she tried to sit up.
“Easy, love, you’ve had a long fall.” He helped her sit against one of the tall stones to catch her breath.
“I made it through?” she couldn’t seem to believe where she was.
“I’d say so, and in one piece, too.”
“Why is it so cold here?” she shivered and rubbed her arms.
Chase frowned. “I don’t even notice that myself. This is a plane for the dead, no living souls are supposed to come through.”
She laughed nervously. “I guess I broke that rule.” She stood up and stretched, brushing the dust from her dress. She glanced at him. “You look terrible.”
He grinned. “Seventy-five years without a bath or laundry service. At least I don’t have to shave.” He rubbed his smooth jaw.
She narrowed her eyes at something and walked over to stand in front of one of the tall stones. She ran her fingers over the words carved into the stone, the same words scribbled over the surface of every stone in the circle and even some of the labyrinth’s walls as well. They were the words to the song Chase had sung to make it rain, written a thousand times over in a vain attempt to bring the showers back. He hadn’t realized it until now, but perhaps he’d gone a little mad in this place.
“It’s so strange here,” she said distantly, tracing the etched letters. After a moment she snapped to attention. “Okay, let’s do this. The sooner we figure out how to get you out of here, the sooner I don’t have to be here anymore.” She shot another look of uncertainty at the stones before turning back to him.
He chuckled, trying to ease the tension. “Try being here for 75 years.”
She sobered. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean—”
“I know, love. It’s alright. No regrets, remember?”
She smiled sadly and nodded.
He walked to the edge of the circle of stones and pointed across the labyrinth. “Do you see that cliff, way up there?”
She squinted. “You mean that shadow that’s at least 20 miles away?”
“That’s the one. My meditative center is at the top of that cliff. That’s the way out.”
“And the labyrinth?”
“I created it as a way to keep other Conjurers from reading my thoughts. To see my inner-most secrets you have to navigate the labyrinth first.”
She frowned. “I never had to do that. When we practiced mind reading I was able to see into your mind without any effort. I could see the labyrinth, but there was a path cut through the middle of it, leading straight through.”
Chase raised his eyebrows. “Really? No wonder it was so easy for you. I wonder if you did that on your own or if I somehow allowed you in because of my feelings for you.”
“I don’t know. But that straight path is gone now. Do you know the way through?”
He sighed. “I did, but this isn’t my labyrinth. I can’t tell you if you try to go through it if you will be able to follow the path I knew. All I know is that when I go through, it changes. The walls move and where a path was clear yesterday there will be a dead end today.”
She considered. “The Council said that no prison is permanent. That means there is a way through.” She walked back to look at the crater and held out a hand. Sparks flickered over her palm but no flame caught. She looked at Chase. “What color are my eyes?”
He tilted her chin up with a finger and looked into her eyes. “The most beautiful shade of blue.”
She nodded and held up her hand again. He could see the concentration on her face as a small flame leapt from her palm. “I can use my powers here, but they are weak. I won’t be able to channel across to the other side.” She began pacing around the circle of stones, deep in thought. She stopped several times and looked across at the cliff, then shook her head and continued pacing. “I wish I could fly,” she muttered.
“You could, if you’d reached your maturity,” Chase pointed out from where he was lounging against a stone. Just watching Asiah pace back and forth was highly entertaining after his years of solitude.
“Because I’d have wings. What if …” She brightened and came to kneel in front of him. “There’s something I haven’t told you.”
A worried look crossed his face. “What is it, love?”
“Marysa is back.”
His worry turned to anger. “What? How?”
Asiah looked ashamed. “I was forced to revive her.”
“Forced?”
“Ben’s and Meri’s lives were at stake. I had to do it.”
Chase pushed himself to his feet with a curse. “Of course you did. Why are you telling me this?”
Asiah bit her lip and hesitated. “She has wings.”
He saw where this was headed and put his foot down. “No. Absolutely not. You are not to bring her here. I’d rather rot here for eternity than have you let her inside your mind. Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?”
“She could get here from her own mind. She forged a connection with you when she killed you. Besides, I’m stronger than she is.”
“Not in her Ikhälean form, which, I don’t think I need to remind you, is the only time she has wings.”
“What if I could figure out a way to control her?”
He shook his head. “The answer is no. Find another way.”
“I wish I were mature already. I’m 96 years old. How much longer do I have to wait?”
“Not long, although I’m not sure why you’re looking forward to it after everything you’ve heard about it.”
“I’m not, but if I could get you out … What about gateways within dimensions?”
He shook his head.
“Once you showed me a door in my library that led to yours, would that work?”
“Only if I were alive.”
She sighed. “Tell me how to get through the labyrinth.”
He knew she could memorize things easily, so he told her the directions. It took quite a while to tell her all of them.
“It’s worth a try,” she said and set off. In what seemed like only about ten minutes, she returned from the other side of the standing stones. “I thought …” She looked around confused. “I was sure I was going the other way.”
“No sun,” Chase said. “Makes it difficult to navigate.”
She plopped down on the ground. “I don’t know what to do.”
He sat down next to her. “Thank you for trying, love. Not all prisons can be escaped.”
She shook her head. “There’s a way. I’ll find it.” She looked up at the sky. “I don’t know how long I’ve been here, but I should get back. Hopefully my fire hasn’t gone out.” She looked into his eyes and took his hands in hers. “I will get you out of here. I promise, Chase.”
He smiled. “Just seeing you again is enough for me.”
She stood up and gathered some dried roots and branches from trees growing along the edges of the maze. She tossed them into the crater, a ready-made fire pit. With a spark from her hand, she lit the branches and coaxed the fire into a good-sized blaze. She must have read about fire gateways, Chase assumed. She pulled a dagger, his dagger, from a sheath on her leg and sliced her hand, letting the blood run into the fire. The flames roared higher and glowed with an eerie blue light.
She turned to him. “Don’t go anywhere,” she said with a sad smile.
“I won’t, love.”
She stepped into the fire and vanished.

***

Asiah sat up with a gasp. Meri jumped a little and reached for Asiah’s hand. She dropped it as soon as she touched her sister’s skin.
“Your skin is on fire!”
Asiah nodded weakly. “Water,” she rasped. It felt like her entire body was on fire.
Meri was prepared and handed her a bottle. Asiah drank the entire bottle and forced herself to cool down.
“What happened?” Meri asked after a moment.
“I saw where he’s being imprisoned.”
“And?”
“It’s a maze. An impenetrable maze.”
Meri frowned. “Did you figure out how to get him out?”
“I have one idea, but he is strongly opposed to it.”
“What is it?”
“Neither of us can get through the maze, but I think we can fly over it. I just need someone with the ability to fly …”
Meri thought for a moment. “You don’t mean—”
“Marysa’s the only person I know that can fly.”
Meri stood up. “You can’t let her in there! She’ll kill you both!”
“What if I can convince her to help instead? My mind is stronger than hers after all.”
“I can see why Chase is against this. Is flying over the maze the only way to get him out?”
“Unless we can go under it somehow. I think I can bring Marysa around. It’s the only solution I can think of.”
Meri sighed and peeled one of the sensors off Asiah’s forehead. “You could also accept his fate and leave him to it.”
“No!” Asiah shot to her feet. “It’s my fault he’s there, and I won’t leave him behind.” She tore off the rest of her sensors and stomped off toward the front door.
“Where are you going?” Meri rushed after her.
Asiah pulled open the door. “To see Marysa.” She saw her sister’s eyes go wide in horror a second before she channeled to Russia.
When she landed on the roof of Aleyev’s warehouse, she realized she should have planned this more carefully. She was wearing sweatpants and flip-flops and she didn’t even have a weapon with her. It didn’t matter; Marysa was still no match for her. She began shouting Marysa’s name at the top of her lungs. It didn’t take long for the redhead to find her. She narrowly missed being struck by lightning as she whirled to face the Phantom Shade.
“Back for more fun?” Marysa taunted.
“Yes, you are quite the entertainer,” Asiah replied dryly.
“Andrei finds me so,” she said, examining her nails.
“I don’t want to know what that means,” Asiah shuddered at the thought. “I need your help.”
Marysa cackled. “Why would I help you?”
Asiah went out on a limb. “Because there’s something you need from me as well.” She had the pleasure of seeing Marysa flush.
“What could I possibly need from an immature Shade like you?”
“My power stone.”
Marysa’s eyes glittered greedily. “You’d be a fool to give that up freely. What is it you want? It must be something good.”
“The Conjurer is imprisoned, not here, but in another dimension. I need to set him free.”
Marysa’s eyes lit with an eerie light, just for a moment, as if the prospect of bringing Chase back was tempting. She chuckled. “He corrupted you didn’t he?”
“What business is it of yours?”
“That’s the only reason he’d be imprisoned after death. He is dead, isn’t he?”
Asiah gritted her teeth. “You should know. You killed him.”
Marysa giggled as if recalling a fond memory. “Yes, I did, didn’t I?”
“Well? Will you help me or not?”
“In exchange for your power stone?”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Your power stone is useless to me on its own. I need to kill you and remove the stone from your body to become the True Shade. You don’t seem to wear a stone anymore. How do you do that, anyway?”
“That’s my little secret.”
“How about if I help you, you tell me that secret.”
“Fine.”
Marysa considered. “Why do you need my help?”
“You can fly.”
A sad look crossed her face. “I could fly, you mean. No longer.”
“What? Why not?” Asiah couldn’t keep the disappointment out of her voice.
“I cannot transform into my mature form.”
Asiah frowned. “No?” She distantly wondered if this was the reason Marysa was afraid of Asiah.
“No. She is trapped.”
“You speak of it like it’s a separate person.”
Marysa gave Asiah a pitying look. “You still know so little. The mature form has its own consciousness. Even if you could free her, it is not likely that she will help you.”
Asiah thought for a moment. “If I free her, she would owe me a favor.”
Marysa shrugged. “She would just as likely kill you.”
“You can prevent that. You need to know how to retrieve my power stone if I die, otherwise you cannot become the True Shade and have a place among the æthers.”
A dreamy look crossed Marysa’s face. “It is settled then. If you can free her from her own prison, I will do what I can to convince her to help you. But then your stone — and your life — are mine.”
Asiah held up a hand. “I will tell you my secret. But you’re on your own to kill me and take the stone.”
Marysa grinned evilly. “In that case, she will help me.”

***

Ben hated sleeping alone. He never slept well when Asiah wasn’t next to him in bed. He constantly worried about her, whether she was on a routine mission or gallivanting about time and space like Doctor Who. He dragged himself out of bed around seven the morning after Asiah was supposed to be staying overnight at her sister’s house. He was surprised to see her sitting at the kitchen table when he came downstairs. Forgetting all about their argument yesterday, he pulled her out of her chair and wrapped his arms around her tightly. She buried her face in his shoulder and let him hold her. He released her and realized she’d been crying.
“What’s wrong, babe?” he asked, wiping her tears away with his thumbs.
“I thought you were going to leave me,” she sniffled.
He pulled her close again. “I could never leave you,” he whispered.
“You were so angry yesterday.”
“I was, then Sawyer talked some sense into me.”
She laughed tearfully into his robe. “Sawyer?”
“Yeah. I didn’t believe it either. That’s when I knew I was being completely irrational.”
She sank back into her chair. “I don’t think you were being irrational. You’re just trying to protect me. I don’t even want to tell you what I’m going to do next.”
He sat down across from her with a worried look. “Tell me.”
“Remember when I told you about the other woman that’s like me, but evil?”
“Yeah. You said she was catatonic in a mental hospital somewhere.”
“I didn’t want you to worry, so I didn’t tell you, but she’s not catatonic anymore.” Asiah explained all about how the woman had her power back and was part of the Aleyev family.
“Why didn’t you tell me any of this before?” He struggled to control his anger.
“You would have just worried and she’s not a threat to me right now,” she said dismissively. “Anyway, she’s the only person who can help me get Chase out.”
“How?” Ben asked skeptically.
“I need to release a scary demon-version of her from a different psychological prison so she can fly Chase over the maze in his own prison to his exit point.”
“I heard: ‘blah-blah, scary demon, blah-blah-blah’.”
She laughed. “I know it’s hard to understand. I should take you inside my mind sometime.”
He raised his eyebrows. “You can do that?”
“Of course! It’s easy.”
“Alright, well, not right now. I have to get ready for work.” And try to wrap my mind around this crazy shit. He stood up and turned to go back upstairs. 
She grabbed his hand and stood up. After untying his robe, she slid her hands up his bare chest to his shoulders. His misgivings suddenly seemed very trivial.
“We could go in late, you know. I do sort of own the company,” she whispered with a seductive smile.
He kissed her fast and hard before tossing her over his shoulder and striding toward the stairs.







Chapter Seven

Asiah waited nervously on a bench outside the front doors of Sapphire Intelligence. Marysa would arrive at any moment and she had to be prepared for anything. She told herself over and over that Marysa needed her power stone and she was too greedy to turn down an opportunity to gain Asiah’s powers. But she couldn’t fight the niggling fear that Marysa had an ulterior motive for helping Asiah. She’d agreed much too easily. Asiah just couldn’t figure out why on Earth Marysa would want to help her get Chase back. 
Her arch-enemy appeared out of the sky a moment later, cracking the concrete in front of the doors when she landed.
Asiah frowned. “You didn’t have to damage the property, did you?”
Marysa waved her hand over the crack and it disappeared. “No harm done.” She looked up at the building’s roof, seeing the snipers Asiah had stationed there. “Am I to be treated as a prisoner?”
Asiah shrugged. “You want me dead. I have to take precautions.” She walked in front of Marysa and held out her hand, palm up. “Your bracelets, please.”
Marysa narrowed her eyes. “You never said I had to give up my power stones.”
“You’ll get them back, but this is the only way this deal is going down.”
Marysa looked torn.
Asiah sighed. “Look, you can give them to me, or you can leave. I’m not going to force you to do this.”
With a defiant sneer, Marysa unclasped her bracelets and dropped them into Asiah’s hand, still dripping with blood. Asiah opened an evidence bag and sealed the bracelets inside. 
She gestured to the door. “Please come inside.”
Escorted by two armed agents in front and two behind, Asiah led Marysa to the Scialytic Chamber. Asiah developed the specially calibrated room attuned to her own electromagnetic energy shortly after Sapphire opened. It was three stories tall with about 100 square yards of empty space. Brightly lit with walls coated with seamless white enamel that reflected the energy of the room, it allowed Asiah perfect control of each and every molecule in the room. She used the room to practice new techniques or experiment with the limits of her abilities. Occasionally she would just hover in the center of the space and meditate. It was extremely relaxing.
In the ante-chamber she handed Marysa a white bodysuit made from a special material that also reflected the room’s energy. 
The redhead quirked an eyebrow at the suit. “What is this?”
“Put it on,” Asiah answered.
“Here?” She asked, darting a glance at the two agents flanking her.
“I’m not letting you out of my sight,” Asiah retorted.
With a mutinous glare, Marysa stripped off her black leather leggings and skin-tight top. Her matching black bra and underwear followed. Marysa’s pale skin was dotted with small tattoos: one on her ribcage, ankle, thigh, both arms and one hip. She had more muscle definition than Asiah had seen on any woman who wasn’t a professional body-builder and a distinct absence of curves. Even so, one of Asiah’s agents made a soft whimpering noise and Asiah shot him a quelling glare. He coughed, recovered his composure and stared straight ahead. When Marysa finished changing Asiah looked at her four agents, making eye contact with each to ensure none of them had fallen under Marysa’s spell.
Asiah was already dressed in her own special clothing, and removed her yoga pants and hooded sweatshirt before entering the chamber. She calibrated the room by sending out pulses of energy from her hands in all directions, measuring how smoothly the atoms flowed through the space. When she was content that the room was ready, she met Meri in the ante-room. Her sister dosed her with a quick shot of Liquid Sapphire to ensure that she would have all the power she needed in Marysa’s mind.
Marysa entered and the two women went into the chamber alone. Meri sealed the door behind them. Asiah had instructed her staff that if Marysa left the chamber alone, she was to be executed on site. She was hopeful that the woman didn’t have to power to stop bullets.
They sat cross-legged on the floor facing each other.
“What is this place?” Marysa asked, glancing around in appreciation.
“It’s called the Scialytic Chamber. I have better control of electromagnetic forces in here.”
“Better control than I have?”
“Why do you think we’re in here?” Asiah replied.
They closed their eyes and Asiah took Marysa’s hands in hers, gritting her teeth against the unpleasant sensation she felt when they touched. She pushed into Marysa’s mind. Marysa resisted at first and groaned softly at the invasion. 
Asiah pulled back and opened her eyes. “Are you going to let me in or not?”
“It hurts.”
“Let me in and it won’t hurt. You’re resisting.”
“I’m not trying to. Last time you were in there you made a giant mess.”
Asiah couldn’t help but smile. “Hopefully I won’t have to do that again. Now open up.”
They tried again and with gentle pressure, Asiah was able to make it onto Marysa’s island refuge. 
She looked around in shock. This was not the same place she had torn apart before. Marysa had rebuilt, and had overdone it. The refuge was still an island, but gone were the palm trees and sand. Instead, a towering stone fortress took up the entire island. Black rock walls jutted straight up from where the women stood, reaching hundreds of feet into the air. There was no drawbridge or doorway that Asiah could see. The rocks were smooth, making it impossible to climb. The ocean raged around them, still in turmoil from the hurricane Asiah had created. The sky was dark red instead of blue, swirling with dark clouds that obscured all light. Only the faint, flickering lights from windows high up on the fortress’ walls illuminated the night.
Asiah tried to hide her shock, but Marysa had sensed it.
“I did not know how weak I was before. Let’s see you destroy my haven now.”
Asiah fixed her with a cool glare. “Don’t tempt me. Where is your other half?”
Marysa pointed up. “There, in the highest tower.”
“Why can’t you free her?”
“She needs to feed. If I release her, her first action will be to slake her lust on anyone nearby. There will likely be much killing.”
“I thought the Ikhälea only needed physical touch for nourishment?”
“She hasn’t been nourished in 75 years. Her ‘physical touches’ will be violent and deadly.”
Asiah swallowed. “I thought you and Andrei …”
“I use him for physical pleasure, yes. But as long as she’s locked up, she doesn’t gain the nutrition from it.”
“Once she’s free, can’t you just—”
“Have a large amount of sex?”
Asiah laughed nervously. This was a strange conversation to have with one’s enemy. “Well … yes.”
Marysa sighed. “As appealing as that sounds, she will take over my body for a time and I won’t be able to control her. She will seek out her own victims, as I said, whoever is close by.”
“That would only be me, since that room is sealed.”
“It’s a good thing you can use your magic room to protect yourself.”
Asiah refused to let Marysa see her fear. “Why haven’t you already freed her? Just to be done with it?”
Marysa considered Asiah a moment. “Has no one told you about the day of your maturity yet?”
Asiah shook her head, afraid to speak in case her voice shook.
“When an Ikhäle hasn’t fed in a long while, or has just reached maturity, the human part of the body must sustain quite a lot of trauma in the first feeding. Some do not survive. Because she has been locked up for so long, it will be like maturing all over again for me. I survived well enough the first time, but I’d rather keep her locked up than go through it again.”
Asiah forced herself to remain calm. “I can protect you.”
Marysa laughed incredulously. “Can you? You have no idea what you’re protecting me from. I should also mention that as the only other person on Earth with Ikhälean blood, she will try and take you first.”
“That should also mean that my touch will give her more nourishment than an ordinary human’s. If I can keep her in the Scialytic Chamber, maybe I can give her all the sustenance she needs.”
“If she doesn’t tear you to pieces first,” Marysa said off-handedly. “Are we going to release her or not?”
Asiah thought of Chase and how miserable he looked being stuck in that horrible place. “Let’s go.”
Marysa walked around the fortress until she came to the entrance. The wall looked no different to Asiah than the rest of what they’d already passed, but Marysa put her hand against a stone and an arched doorway appeared. They climbed a long, twisting staircase that kept leading up and up. Finally, the stairs opened on a wide chamber lit by torches in wall sconces. 
“How very medieval,” Asiah commented.
“Thank you,” Marysa said. “This way.” She led Asiah up another staircase into the highest tower.
There, in a shadowed corner, was a cell. There was something strange about the cell Asiah noticed as she drew near. No light reached inside and she couldn’t make out anything behind the bars. The bars themselves were also very odd. They appeared to be blue. Upon closer inspection Asiah realized they were made of thousands of tiny sapphires. Marysa’s Ikhälean side was still trapped because of what Asiah had done to the island so long ago.
“You can’t free her,” Asiah whispered. “Only I can.”
“Not that I’ve tried, but you’re probably right,” Marysa said from behind her.
“It doesn’t look like there’s anything in the cell.”
“She’s there, just immobilized by the sapphires.”
Asiah slowly extended her hand toward the bars, then stopped. “Why do you need Chase alive?”
Marysa blinked. “I do not need him for anything.”
“You aren’t helping me simply to learn the secret of my power stone.”
Marysa looked away uncomfortably. “I don’t know why, only that he is destined to live again.”
Asiah ground her teeth together. “Who told you that?”
“Andrei.”
“Hmm.” Asiah made a mental note to find and interrogate the mob boss at her earliest opportunity. She reached for the bars again.
“Remember,” Marysa said in a warning tone. “As soon as she’s free, she will come for you.”
Asiah nodded and wrapped her hands around the blue, crystalline bars. The bars dissolved in her hands. Azure dust filtered through her fingers and shimmered to the floor. She peered into the cell, every muscle in her body tensing. As the energy in the tower shifted palpably, a ghostly form shot out of the darkness. Asiah ducked as the Ikhälean essence flew past her and collided with Marysa. The Phantom Shade’s body was momentarily enveloped in a veil of dark mist. The cloud seemed to absorb right into her skin and she fell to her knees.
She looked up at Asiah with eyes black as night. “Go,” she whispered. “Now!”
Asiah released her hold on Marysa’s mind and opened her eyes. The other woman still sat in front of her with her eyes closed, but Asiah could see that she was fighting to control the being within her. Asiah got to her feet and summoned some energy from the room, preparing herself for what was to come.
The change began at the roots of Marysa’s hair. Red darkened into black as her skin took on a shimmery gray tone. Asiah had only seen this transformation once before, on the day her parents were killed, and Chase had channeled her away before she could understand what was happening. Even so, the feeling of helpless dread she felt that day began to creep over her. Today she was locked in a room with the same creature that now towered before her. A ripping sound echoed off the walls as her wings burst through the bodysuit’s material. 
Because the Ikhälea evolved from humans, they looked very nearly human. Improved sensory perception and more muscle definition set them apart, as well as impressive height. Not to mention the wings. Asiah wasn’t sure how that particular characteristic evolved in a species that didn’t need to fly –they could channel, after all– but it certainly terrified Asiah to see such an alarming sight. Sinister black eyes focused on her and Asiah clenched her fists to keep from shaking.
She could hear the Ikhäle speaking in her head. “Shade …” Her voice was a deep, raspy whisper. “How fitting that you should be my first meal.”
Before Asiah could take a breath, she was thrown back and pinned against the wall. She felt the enamel crack as her body was slammed against it. The Ikhäle flattened her body against Asiah’s and she fought down panic as she focused her mind and pulled more energy from the room. With everything she had, she pushed the being away, throwing her forcefully against the opposite wall. She heard a piercing scream in her head as the Ikhäle spread her huge wings, preparing to attack. Asiah had the distinct feeling that she’d just made her angrier.
Dark fire engulfed Asiah, singeing her skin until she managed to control it and extinguish the flames. The creature charged her again with such speed that Asiah only just summoned an electric charge to her fingertips before she was pinned again, this time on the floor. She discharged the lightning in her hands into the Ikhäle’s body and rolled away while the alien being twitched and jerked under the current, yet managed to remained standing and fix Asiah with a murderous look.
Knowing it was her only chance, Asiah swept her arms forward, knocking the creature down. With lightning speed, Asiah was on top of her. Before the Ikhäle could react, Asiah put two fingers on her forehead, forcing her into unconsciousness. Her black eyes slid closed, but she didn’t resume her human form. If she hadn’t been in this room, Asiah didn’t know if she would be able to control the creature. Keeping her fingers on the being’s forehead, she extended her other arm toward the ceiling, drawing energy from the room into herself. She took a long-fingered hand in hers and squeezed, feeding the Ikhäle with her touch, and immediately felt her energy being drained. She told herself that it wouldn’t matter because once she had finished her task, Marysa would resume her human form and be in control … at least Asiah hoped so.
After about an hour, Asiah was barely conscious. She looked down at the woman lying next to her. Marysa’s hair was red once again. Asiah wearily pulled her hands away and braced her arms on the floor, desperately trying to remain upright.
Marysa’s eyes fluttered open and she sat up and looked around. “She didn’t kill you.”
Asiah shook her head. “No. And she’s been nourished.”
Marysa looked Asiah over from head to toe. “I can see that. I wonder how easy it would be for me to overpower you right now? I could see into that pretty head of yours and learn your secrets without ever having to break your lover out of prison.”
Asiah raised her hand and made a fist, cutting off Marysa’s air. The woman’s eyes went wide as she made a choking sound. “Let’s not forget who’s in charge here,” Asiah said, willing her strength to hold out for just a little longer. She released Marysa, who collapsed in a coughing fit.
“You bitch,” she muttered.
Asiah stood shakily and held out her hand to help Marysa up. She took it grudgingly. “Meet me in the place where you took his life in two days,” Asiah said, and led her from the chamber.

***

Because time didn’t exist on his plane, Chase didn’t know how long it had been since Asiah had been to see him. He didn’t try to infiltrate her dreams anymore because she’d told him she was losing sleep because of it. So he waited. If he had to guess, it had been less than a week since she was here, but to him it felt like a year. He wondered if her absence was due to the fact that she didn’t know how to help him. She said she’d find a way and he trusted her. There was no need for her to blame herself for his imprisonment, but he knew that she wouldn’t let it go until she saw this through. It was one of the things he loved so much about her.
As thrilled as he was at the thought of being freed, he was equally trepidacious about how things would be between them now that she was married to another man. He wasn’t even sure she wanted Chase to be part of her life. He was certain that her new husband would want Chase as far from his beautiful wife as possible, something for which Chase couldn’t blame the man.
As if he’d conjured her himself, the lightning that heralded her return forked through the sky, striking the ground in the same place as before. Asiah must have figured out how to land on the other side of a gateway better, because she stepped out of the crater this time on her own two feet.
“Just FYI,” she said, “landing on the other side of an elemental water gateway without water is much harder than landing after channeling.”
“FYI?”
“Modern slang meaning ‘for your information’,” she explained.
“Oh.” He smiled. “I suppose a lot has changed since I’ve been gone.”
She shrugged. “Yes, but I’ll help you acclimate. If I could do it after 66 years on Ocea, you can do it.”
Chase’s heart swelled. She did want him in her life. He couldn’t stop himself from going to her and taking her in his arms. “Thank you for coming back for me.”
She stepped back with a worried smile. “Did you think I’d abandoned you?”
He grinned. “Never, love. Did you find a way out?”
Her smile faded. “Yes, but you can’t be angry with me.”
“Why?” he asked with an edge in his voice.
In answer to his question, another bolt of lightning struck the ground behind Asiah. She leapt out of the way and Chase caught her in his arms again. He pulled her away from the smoking crater and shot her a dire look.
“What have you done?”
“I couldn’t find another way,” she whispered. “Please, Chase, she can help.”
Dread dropped like a stone into his stomach as he watched the redheaded witch that took him away from his love emerge from the crater. He balled his hands into fists, preparing to pummel her out of his prison.
“If it isn’t the handsome Conjurer,” Marysa said with a sneer. “You look like you’ve been dead for almost a century.”
“No thanks to you,” Chase growled, then turned an accusing glare on Asiah. “How could you bring her here?”
Asiah stepped between them. “I asked her for her help and she agreed.”
“At what cost?” he asked, keeping his gaze locked on Marysa.
“She promised to show me how she uses her power without a power stone. A nifty trick, I’d say. But I can’t kill her and take the stone if I don’t know how she’s using it,” Marysa said casually.
“If you touch her—” Chase said venomously.
“Oh relax, Brandon. She’s no good to me dead … yet.”
He rounded on Asiah again. “Do you know what you’ve done?”
She reached up and touched his cheek. “I’m getting you out of here. Whatever happens afterward will happen.”
He pushed her hand away. “I won’t let you do this.”
Her expression hardened. “It’s not up to you! This is my decision and you don’t get to tell me what to do!”
He turned away with a curse. There was no talking her out of it, he was sure of that. The Phantom Shade was already here, so he might as well be done with it. But he had every intention of killing the woman dead the moment he returned to Earth. He’d die again before he’d let her harm Asiah.
“Alright,” he said with resignation. “She can help, but if she lays a finger on you before it’s done—”
“She won’t,” Asiah promised. “I have to go ahead of you anyway to prepare the other gateway. I won’t even be here. And she can’t hurt you or she’ll never get what she wants. Right?” she glared at Marysa.
“True.” Marysa shrugged.
“Take this,” Asiah pulled her dagger and handed it to Chase. “When you get to your center, build a fire. Make sure it’s big enough to reach over your head. Sprinkle your blood in the flames and think of me, think of Earth. When you can see the other plane through the flames, walk inside and keep walking until you come out the other side. Don’t stop. Understand?”
“It’s so simple?” he asked.
“I’ve already built the gateway on the other side, at the place where you died. I’ll be waiting for you there.”
He slipped his hands into her hair and looked into her eyes. “Are you sure about this?” he whispered.
“Yes. I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life.”
“Good.” He brushed his lips against hers, gently at first, and then with desperate need. “I love you,” he murmured as he released her.
A sad look crossed her face briefly. “I love you, too.”
She turned away and created a fire gate out of thin air in the crater, and with a last hopeful look at him, she vanished.
He stared at the crater for what seemed like ages before Marysa jolted him back to the present.
“That was very touching. Can we go now?”
Chase nodded. “Your Ikhälean side … can you control her? Or is she just going to kill me?”
Marysa laughed throatily. “She would kill you, but you are already dead, remember?”
“Then how do you convince her to take me across the labyrinth?”
“She wants the same thing I do. It is in her best interest to carry you across.”
“And what is it you want? I know that taking her power stone isn’t your motivation for doing this, so why don’t you tell me what’s really going on here?”
She cackled. “Can’t put anything past you, can I? The True Shade, on the other hand, is too trusting. It will kill her someday. I need you alive, Brandon.”
“Why?”
She wagged a finger at him. “That’s not part of the deal, knowing why.”
“If you need me alive, why did you kill me before?”
She sighed. “I didn’t know then what I know now.”
“So, you need me to do something for you. Something specific.”
“Yes, in a manner of speaking.”
Chase gave her a little smile. “Interesting.” He pointed at the shadowy cliff in the distance. “That is where I need to go.”
Marysa nodded. “I’ll wake her up.” She closed her eyes and Chase turned away. Watching her transform would only remind him of the day Asiah’s parents were killed, of the day he made love to her and forever condemned himself to this dismal place.
When he looked at her again, the Ikhäle regarded him like a piece of meat with her endless black eyes. She stepped forward and he sucked in a breath sharply.
“Do you despise me so much, Conjurer?” she hissed in his head.
“Not for this,” he replied evenly. “For this I could never despise you.”
She nodded and grasped his hand. Before he had a chance to think, she spread her wings and dragged him up into the colorless sky. He watched miles of labyrinth pass below as the cliff seemed to draw no nearer. He began to fear that it could never be reached, no matter how far they flew. After what seemed like hours, the rocky cliff loomed ahead. Instead of flying right up to the cliff’s top, the creature lowered him onto the moor at its base. At least the labyrinth was behind him at last.
“She cannot fly up there,” Marysa said, in her human form again. “Your center is there and no other may approach it but you. I hope this will suffice.”
Chase could have danced with joy. “It will, thank you. Do you have a way back?”
She nodded. “Yes, the True Shade introduced me to elemental gateways. Now we shall see if she is true to her word. Until we meet again, Conjurer.” She produced a flame as Asiah had and disappeared into it.
He knew that as soon as his life was restored he would have to rebuild the labyrinth now that Marysa had seen it. She’d had plenty of time to memorize it as they flew over it and could use that against him if he didn’t protect himself. Unfortunately, it was a long and tedious process, one that he dreaded already.
Tucking that thought away, Chase practically sprinted up the stone staircase that led to the top of the cliff. He expected at any moment to be thrown back to the beginning of the labyrinth, stuck in a vicious cycle, but he never was. However, at the top of the cliff he froze, his blood going cold in his veins.
A lone cloaked figure stood on the bank of what had once been a rushing stream, facing Chase with its face obscured in shadow. A set of faintly glowing eyes could just be seen beneath a voluminous hood. The figure made no move to block Chase, be neither had Chase tried to pass yet.
He regarded the cloaked interloper with caution, readying himself for a fight should it come to that. With a tentative step forward, Chase prepared himself for the worst. Then the figure spoke.
“They must not find us,” it said in a hollow, rasping voice Chase only heard inside his head.
Chase was puzzled. “Who? Find what?”
The faceless creature turned its head and Chase could feel the heat of its penetrating gaze. “Protect our world, Conjurer. Protect it from her and you will be rewarded.”
Still confused, Chase was about to ask again about whom the figure spoke when it vanished in a swirl of dark mist. With renewed purpose he vaulted the dry streambed that protected his meditative center and ran across the meadow. No wildflowers grew here, because this was a prison, but he knew when he had reached the place where his thoughts were clear and his essence was strongest. He took off his tattered tunic and left it to mark the right spot as he ran off to gather wood for the fire. A short while later, he had enough for a large bonfire.
He struck his dagger against a stone to produce a spark. A small flame leapt from the kindling and grew steadily until a large blaze loomed before him. He drew the blade across his palm and sprinkled his blood all around the fire, even making a second cut to ensure he had enough. Then, tucking the dagger in his belt, he closed his eyes as the fire roared higher and glowed green. He focused on Asiah’s face, her hair, her eyes, and the last place he’d seen her before he died. The oak trees towered overhead and he could almost feel a soft breeze ruffling his hair. 
He took a deep breath. “Here I come, love …” he whispered, and walked into the fire.

***

Asiah paced impatiently between the oak trees in front of Chase’s old cottage outside Chicago. Late spring sunshine filtered down through the new leaves and a calming breeze ruffled her hair. Chase’s home had gone to ruin, but Asiah still held the deed to the property so no one had done anything about it. It was far enough outside the city limits that not many people even knew the house was there. Those that did assumed it was abandoned.
A raging bonfire burned near the tree where Chase had taken his last breath and neither Chase nor Marysa had returned yet. Marysa’s body lounged comfortably on the ground next to Meri, who kept a watchful eye on Marysa’s brain activity.
Suddenly, Marysa gasped awake and began coughing. Meri handed her a bottle of water and watched as she gulped it down. Once she’d recovered, Marysa pushed herself up and brushed leaves from her jeans. She looked around for Asiah and walked in front of her stopping Asiah in her tracks.
“Your lover is safely through the maze,” she said haughtily. “The rest is up to him.” She stared Asiah down, silently asking for her payment.
Asiah turned and nodded to Ben, who stood leaning against a tree with his arms crossed and a dark expression on his face. He pushed away from the tree and handed Asiah a leather case. She took it and unzipped it, revealing a single syringe containing a black liquid.
“Inject this directly into your veins,” Asiah said to Marysa. “And you won’t need these.” She tapped Marysa’s wrist where her power bracelet was seated in her skin.
“Is that all? A serum?” Marysa looked skeptical. “How do I know this won’t poison me?”
“That’s what I use, except mine is blue. Inject a small amount first. If it’s poison, you can heal yourself from a small dose. But instead you’ll feel the rush much like when you use your stones.”
Marysa nodded and backed up a step. “Then we are square, O’Connor.”
“It’s Torricelli now,” Asiah said, winking at Ben.
Marysa eyed Ben thoughtfully. “Whatever. When next we meet, prepare to meet your end.” With that, she adjusted her bracelets and vanished.
“I don’t like her,” Ben said over her shoulder.
“Join the club,” Asiah said turning to face him. “Are you sure you want to be here for this? We’re tearing the veil between two planes of existence. Things could get dicey.”
“I’m staying,” he said, tilting her chin up with his finger. “If only to make sure this guy doesn’t abscond with you the minute he walks out of that fire.” He kissed her lips lightly but possessively.
	She smiled. “You’ll never see something like this happen again, either.”
He frowned. “Unless you’ve got other dead boyfriends lurking about in the cosmos.”
“Nope. Just the one.” She grinned.
His hand tightened on her waist and he tugged her closer, leaning in for another kiss.
The bonfire suddenly blazed higher and the flames burned with a greenish hue and Asiah’s heart leapt into her throat. “He’s opened the gateway,” she whispered.
Ben paled, but gave her hand an encouraging squeeze. She couldn’t believe that he was being so understanding about everything. It wasn’t like him at all. Maybe Sawyer really had talked some sense into him. Also, she no longer had to travel to other dimensions in space, which was likely a huge relief to Ben.
Asiah, Ben and Meri watched the fire intently until Asiah thought her corneas might be burning from the heat. Meri gasped and Asiah began to see the outline of a tiny man in the heart of the fire. She held her breath. Could this really be happening? The man was walking, slowly and steadily, his silhouette growing larger until he stood well over six feet tall. 
Chase stepped out of the fire and immediately collapsed to the ground. Ben and Meri rushed forward at the same time to pull him farther from the fire. Asiah was frozen in place. It was Chase’s face and body, yet she couldn’t fathom what she was seeing.
Meri called to her, snapping her out of her trance. “Are you going to help, or what?”
Asiah sank down next to him and tentatively reached out to touch Chase’s face in disbelief. When she felt the electric charge of his skin she let out a choked sob. He was naked and Meri swiftly covered him with a blanket as Asiah shifted him so his head and shoulders were in her lap. She touched his forehead, cooling his body temperature after his long journey through the fire. She didn’t realize that tears were streaming down her face until they dropped and sizzled on Chase’s hot skin. He had no hair anywhere on his body, which didn’t immediately register as strange. She was overwhelmed with relief that he was here and he was somehow alive.
His gray eyes shuddered open and Meri held a bottle of water to his lips before he had a chance to ask for it. He drank thirstily until the bottle was empty.
“More …” he croaked, his voice barely above a whisper.
Meri fetched another bottle which he also drank greedily. Afterwards, he relaxed, leaning his head back into Asiah’s lap. He took a few steadying breaths and tried to sit up. Asiah supported him and pulled the blanket around his shoulders, careful not to touch his skin too much and alarm him with her electric touch. He looked around, trying to focus his eyes.
“Wh-where the bloody hell am I?” he rasped, British accent and all.
Asiah almost cried again at the sound of his voice. “This is your old cottage. It’s falling apart now, but it’s still here.”
He turned to her at the sound of her voice. His gray eyes met hers and searched her face for a moment before he whispered, “And … who … are you?”







Chapter Eight

Chase stared at the screen on the wall in fascination. There was a man on the screen pointing to a map of the eastern United States with little numbers all over it. Chase decided it was some sort of modern media … like a radio that you could watch. He fidgeted with his blankets. He wanted more than anything to get up and walk around to see if he could figure out where he was and when. The people that found him in the woods by the cottage had brought him to this place on an airplane. He thought he remembered that airplanes existed in his past, but not like this one. It was furnished with comfortable chairs and polished wooden tables. It seemed like something out of a Jules Verne novel.
He wished he could remember something — anything — about who he was or where he’d come from, but whenever he tried, his mind went completely blank. None of the people helping him were familiar and he couldn’t even remember his own name. All he knew was that he’d woken in the woods with no memory of how he’d ended up there. The woman with the bright blue eyes had told him his name was Chase. Chase Brandon. It seemed like a good enough name. He liked the lady with the blue eyes. She smiled at him with a sort of sadness that she couldn’t quite keep from showing in her eyes. She was tall and had long, chestnut-colored hair. He thought she was beautiful. She touched his hand in the woods and it had sent a shock through him. She’d laughed and said that was normal, but promised not to touch him again until he had a medical exam to determine if he had “come through” alright. He didn’t really know what that meant. She said her name was Asiah, like the continent. It was an unusual name, but he thought it suited her.
The other woman looked just like Asiah, her twin sister, he assumed. Her name was Meri. She had brown eyes, which struck him as odd since they were practically identical in every other way. She smiled a lot, too, but Chase sensed that she felt sorry for him. He wished he knew why. The man that helped him was named Ben. He seemed nice enough, yet Chase could sense an undertone of hostility when the man fixed his dark eyes on Chase. By the way he would lay a casual hand on Asiah’s waist and look at her adoringly, Chase assumed they were together. For some reason, this bothered him. Since he had no idea who he was, Chase let the people help him, hoping that eventually his memory would come back and he could get back to his normal life, whatever that was. For now, he was stuck in this bed, waiting for a doctor to examine him.
Meri entered a moment later, followed by Asiah. Meri wore blue clothing that reminded him of a hospital smock, except that it was a shirt and trousers instead of a gown. She had a stethoscope looped around her neck and Chase thought that she must be a nurse. Asiah wore a black shirt with short sleeves and black trousers with many pockets. He noticed the muscle definition in her arms and that she carried an air of authority which made Chase think that she must be in charge. The building they were in bore no mention of her name, but every employee they’d passed on the way to the medical wing had nodded deferentially to Asiah. At the moment, she kept her distance from Chase, leaning against the wall with her arms crossed and looking somewhat uncomfortable.
“How are you feeling? Any memories yet?” Meri asked brightly, shining a bright light into Chase’s eyes.
Chase shook his head. “Nothing. I’m sorry.”
She waved her hand dismissively. “Don’t apologize, I’m sure they’ll come back eventually.” She put the stethoscope in her ears and held the other end against his chest. “A little tachy, but that’ll come down when your anxiety level drops.” She checked his blood pressure next and grunted her approval at the reading. She checked his reflexes, eyes, ears and mouth while Asiah stood watching with an unreadable expression. “All healthy, A. Just the memory loss. What do you think? Blood tests, too?”
Asiah shook her head. “That’s not necessary. I’m sure he’s fine.” She turned to Chase. “You appear to be in perfect health. Hopefully your hair starts growing back. You look strange without eyebrows.”
He rubbed his hands over his smooth face and head. That was a little strange. He was sure that he must have had hair at some point, right? He glanced at Meri. “Is a doctor going to examine me as well?”
Meri and Asiah exchanged a little smile.
“Meri is a doctor. Women get to do that sort of thing now,” Asiah said.
Chase raised his non-existent eyebrows. “Oh. I apologize. I didn’t know.” He felt foolish. What had she meant by “now?” He realized he didn’t even know what year it was. He was certain that some time had passed. Things seemed too futuristic to be otherwise.
“It’s okay,” Meri said with a smile. “I’ll leave you two alone. You have a lot to catch up on.” She gave Asiah what looked like an encouraging smile and left.
“Are you comfortable? Would you like anything?” Asiah asked him without moving away from the wall.
“It would be nice to get out of this bed. Walk around, perhaps?”
She smiled. “I’ll bet you’d like that very much.”
They had given him some strange clothing to wear. The trousers had far too many pockets all over them like the ones Asiah wore and the shirt was made of a stretchy material that clung to his skin in an odd way. He was given some strange sandals that seemed to be made of rubber and made a snapping sound against his sole when he walked. He dressed while Asiah waited outside. When he opened the door, she dragged her eyes up and down his body in a way that made him feel funny inside.
“These clothes are strange to me. Am I not wearing them correctly?” he asked, pinching the stretchy material of the shirt.
She blushed crimson when he caught her staring. “N-no, you are wearing them just fine,” she stammered as her eyes kept darting to his chest. “Shall we go?”
He nodded and she led him outside for some fresh air. The weather was mild and there were cherry blossom trees in full bloom lining the path they walked. He wondered where in the world he was. By the way everyone spoke, he guessed America.
“Is there anything at all that you remember?” she began.
He tried again to think of something, but again, his mind was blank. “No.” He brightened. “But I can tell you that I’m British.”
She laughed. It was a beautiful sound. “Do you remember that?”
“No, I can hear it in my voice. You have an American accent … with a hint of Irish.”
“Good ear. Most people can’t detect the Irish part. You are correct that you’re British.”
“And I must be around … 25 or 30 years of age?”
She laughed again. “I’m not actually sure.”
He grinned. “You don’t know how old I am?”
She cocked her head to the side. “No, I’m sorry.” She seemed to be holding something back.
He chuckled. “That’s not the most important thing I need to know anyway. Do you know when my birthday is?”
“It’s sometime in May. You never told me which day. What year do you remember most recently?”
He thought hard. “I’m not sure. Things were much less advanced though. I feel like I’ve stepped into the future.”
She blew out a breath. “You have.”
“What year is it now?”
She hesitated. “Two thousand eight.”
He stopped walking and blinked at her. “Two thousand eight? I’m sure it was nowhere near that time when I … Blimey.”
She laughed again. “I’ve never heard you say blimey before.”
He started walking again. “So, you don’t know how old I am or exactly when my birthday is, but you know my name and my speech patterns. How do we know each other exactly?”
A shadow came over her face. “You … tutored me once, briefly.”
“Is that all?”
She was quiet for a moment. “Yes.”
“Do I have any family?”
“No, it’s just you.”
“A wife?”
There was that shadow again. “No.”
He stopped again and, sensing the truth, looked into her eyes. “A lover?”
Her eyes widened for an instant before she regained control of her features. “I … I …” she stammered and looked down at her feet.
“Yes, Asiah?” He reached out, and tilted her chin up with a finger.
He didn’t immediately notice that she’d jerked back from his touch because an image flashed through his mind at the same instant. An image of a face — her face — illuminated by candlelight, smiling up at him from where she lay in bed, her hair spread majestically across a pillow. Her eyes were brown, not blue, but he was almost certain that it was this woman, and not her sister, in the image. He heard her seductive whisper in his head. 
Chase …
He shook his head to clear it and blinked at her where she stood, a good five feet away from him now, with a look of shock mingled with fear on her face.
“I think … I just had a memory,” he said, trying with all his might to recall the image. “When I touched you.” He stepped forward, reaching for her again.
She stepped back fearfully. “I’m sorry, Chase. I have to go. I’ll send someone to escort you back to your room.” She fled before he had a chance to stop her.
He held up his hand, examining the fingertip he had just touched her with. It still tingled slightly. When Meri had done her medical exam, nothing unusual had happened, but Asiah … Her touch made his skin prickle — in a good way — and apparently brought back memories, at least in flashes. Meri strode toward him now with a smile, and he decided that no matter what, he would find a way to touch Asiah again.

***

Too anxious to wait for the elevator, Asiah sprinted up seven flights of stairs to her office, embracing the physical challenge. When Chase walked out of the roaring bonfire into this plane of existence, she wasn’t sure she believed it. Even though he had no hair and no memory, it was him. She thought she could handle him being back in her life after a 75-year hiatus during which she’d come to terms with his death, but it was painfully clear now that she wasn’t ready to see him in the flesh again.
She entered her corner office and headed straight for the bottle of Connemara whiskey she kept for special occasions. Sloshing some into a rocks glass, she took a healthy swallow and slumped onto her ivory leather sofa, resting the cool glass against her forehead. She hadn’t expected the gateway between his prison and this world to actually work, and now that it had, she was at a loss for what to do. It was almost a blessing that he couldn’t remember anything. It might have made this whole thing easier … until he touched her. The merest contact between his finger and her chin had sparked a memory that flashed through both of their minds simultaneously. Asiah groaned as she relived the moment again. Of course, it just had to be a memory of the one night they’d spent in each other’s arms. Why couldn’t it have been of when they’d met on the street or when he’d trained her in the woods? Now that she knew his memories would come back if they touched, she would just have to be more careful to keep some distance between them. At least until she knew what to do about it.
A soft knock on the door startled her. “Come in,” she said, not moving from the couch.
Her husband poked his head in. “Meri said you were freaking out.”
She smiled. Her sister would put it that way. After she ditched Chase outside, she found Meri quickly and instructed her to “deal with him” before she bolted. “I’m fine. Come sit with me.”
Ben was wearing athletic shorts and a hooded sweatshirt and Asiah assumed he had hit the gym after their return from Chicago. He closed the door and ran a hand through his inky hair. “You’re drinking?”
She shrugged. “It’s been a hell of a day. Have some.”
“No, thanks. I might need to drive you home,” he said, eyeing the double shot in her glass. “How are you doing?” He dropped onto the couch next to her.
Asiah sighed heavily. “At first, when he had no memory, I thought it would make things easier. I wouldn’t have to explain as much and he could just have a normal life on Earth, starting from scratch.”
“That works for me,” he said. “If he doesn’t remember being with you, he’ll be less likely to try and get things going again.” Ben was probably thrilled that Chase had no memory.
“There’s a problem,” she said, and Ben’s face fell. “I know how to retrieve his memory. He touched my face when we were walking and a memory flashed into his mind, and mine. It was a memory of me — of us — together. It only flashed for an instant, but we both saw it. I think if we touch each other, everything will come back. I’m not sure I want that.”
Ben looked troubled. “So just don’t touch him.”
“It seems easy, but he knows what happened, too. He is going to want to get his memory back as soon as he can.”
He shrugged. “Don’t let him. Stay away from him.”
“Easy for you to say. You don’t want him to remember me.”
“You’re right, I don’t,” he said irritably.
Asiah leaned her head against the back of the sofa. “I thought this would be easier.”
Ben’s gaze softened and he reached over and covered her hand with his. “I know it’s hard. But we can get through this together. Once he gets on his feet, he’ll be out of your hair and you won’t have to worry about him. You saved him from his prison. You don’t owe him anything else.”
She nodded. “You’re right. I don’t have to babysit him. The less I see of him the better. Eventually, he will just be a guy that I went out with once.”
“Just once?” Ben asked. “I figured by the way you went on about this guy that you’d had a longer relationship.”
“We only had one night together. He died the next day.”
“Oh. No wonder you were so messed up over him.”
“I tried to tell you I was damaged goods, but did you listen?”
He leaned over and brushed a kiss against her temple. “I’m glad I didn’t.”
She smiled at the comforting gesture. “Me, too.”

***

Meri unlocked her front door and held it open for Chase. “Come on in. Sorry about the mess, I didn’t know I’d be having a houseguest.” Her house wasn’t really that messy since she spent so little time there, but having an attractive man evaluate one’s living quarters was reason enough to clean up.
He stopped inside the door and looked around. “You live here?”
Meri frowned. “I know it’s not much, but—”
“It’s wonderful!” he exclaimed. “The colors, the furniture … You are so lucky to live in a house like this.”
She remembered the quaint cottage he was used to. “I’m glad you like it. I’ll show you the guest room.”
He started to follow her, then stopped. “Please, don’t go out of your way. I’m perfectly happy sleeping on the floor.”
She waved her hand dismissively. “Absolutely not. I have a guest room with a queen-sized bed with a pillow-top mattress. You’ll sleep there or you’ll find another person to stay with.”
He sobered. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
She smiled. “You didn’t offend me. I’m still not used to you being so … old-fashioned.”
“You’ll have to explain that to me sometime. I have a lot of questions, but your sister ran away before I had a chance to finish talking to her.”
Asiah hadn’t explained to Meri about what happened with Chase earlier today, but she could tell by the way Asiah left in such a hurry that talking to Chase had been more than she could handle. Meri suggested that Chase stay with her until Asiah had a chance to sort things out. Meri figured she could answer any questions he had unless it was about his age, his powers, or his death. Those would have to wait.
“Don’t worry, I can fill you in, too. I knew you before you lost your memory, although not as well as she did.” She handed him a paper grocery bag. “These are some of Ben’s clothes. He’s about the same size as you, though you might be a smidge taller.”
“Thank you. Is he alright with me borrowing these?”
“Asiah gave them to me. I’m sure he’s fine with it.”
“I don’t think he likes me very much.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Ben? Has he said something to you?”
“No, but I can sense it. I don’t know what I’ve done to upset him.”
Meri sighed. Despite having lost his memory, Chase was still sharp as a tack. “You’ve done nothing. I promise. He’ll come around. You just have to get to know him a little.” And don’t try to steal his wife out from under him.
He looked at her hard for a moment. “It has something to do with Asiah, doesn’t it? I think we were together once.”
Meri tensed inwardly. She’d have to tread carefully around this particular subject. “You are perceptive. Yes, you and Asiah were together briefly.”
“I suppose that means I was more than just her tutor. That’s why she doesn’t want me to remember, isn’t it?”
“There’s more to it than that. A lot of things happened in your life. If it all comes rushing back at once, it could be very traumatic for you. I’m sure she would like to help you remember things slowly, so it’s easier.”
He nodded. “I see.” He put Ben’s clothes on the bed and took off the tight-fitting shirt they had given him to wear.
Meri had to keep herself from staring. Being dead for 75 years hadn’t hurt him physically, that was for sure. Asiah had told her that he was covered with scars from all the battles he’d fought in, but Meri could see he no longer had them. In fact, the only mark on his otherwise flawless body was a small, star-shaped mark just below his heart. It looked like a birthmark, but Meri knew it was more of a death-mark.
He pulled one of Ben’s T-shirts over his head and smoothed it over his perfect abs. “This will do. Why do these trousers have so many pockets?”
“It’s the tactical gear they use at Sapphire. They’re called cargo pants. Here, try those.” She pointed to Ben’s jeans on the bed and turned around while he tried them on. She heard him shed the cargo pants and tried very hard not to think about how very naked he was when he’d emerged from that fire.
“They will do.”
Meri turned around and smiled. “How about I take you shopping tomorrow? We’ll find you some clothes of your own.”
“Thank you, but I don’t have any money to pay for new clothes.”
She laughed. “Believe me, you do.”
He would have raised an eyebrow at her, if he had any. “I do?”
“Yeah, you’re loaded.”
He frowned. “I don’t know what that means.”
“It means you have more money than you’ll know what to do with. You can thank Asiah for keeping it safe for you while, well, while you’ve been gone.” She hadn’t meant to bring that up.
“Where did I go?”
She hesitated, unsure what to say. “No one really knows.”
“Oh.” He looked disappointed. “That’s why she found someone else. Because I left.”
Meri nodded. “I’m sorry this is so hard for you. I wish there was more I could do to help.”
To her surprise, he took her hand. “Merica, your kindness is immeasurable. I couldn’t ask any more of you.”
She blushed. “It’s nothing. Are you hungry?”
“Famished.”
“Do you like Thai food?”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, let’s find out.” She took his hand and led him back out to the kitchen.

***

Chase did like Thai food. And he loved this “pillow-top” mattress Meri had provided for him. He lay in the middle of the bed staring at the ceiling wondering if there was anything better in the world than this feeling. Perhaps remembering one’s past? For the moment, he was content to enjoy the way this modern bed seemed to envelop his body and make it feel like he was sleeping on a cloud.
Meri made it sound like his past was dark and complicated. Maybe it was something he didn’t want to remember. It didn’t matter; he was still determined to confront Asiah about the sensation they felt when they touched and why it seemed to spark a fleeting memory in his mind.
The smell of roasted coffee beans drifted into his room and he rubbed his eyes. His eyelids were prickly. He reluctantly left the comfortable bed and went to the mirror over the bureau. His eyelashes were starting to grow in and he had fine stubble on his head and face. He touched his chest and realized that it also was growing hair. He made a mental note to ask Meri why he had awakened in the forest completely hairless. Something about that was not quite normal.
He put on the T-shirt and jeans he was borrowing from Ben, enjoying the way the jersey cotton felt against his skin— much better than the stretchy tactical shirt. It was indeed lucky that Ben was the same size as he was. He rubbed his jaw and wondered if he should shave. He didn’t know if he normally did or if he had had a beard before. It was another thing to ask Meri. He followed the coffee smell into her small kitchen where she stood at the stove wearing jeans and a T-shirt herself. Obviously this was the fashion for both men and women in this futuristic age.
“Good morning!” she said brightly. “Would you like some coffee? I also have tea and orange juice if you prefer.”
He shrugged. “I don’t know what I prefer, but the coffee smells good.”
She poured him a cup from a glass kettle on the counter. “Cream? Sugar?”
He sipped it. “It’s good like this, thank you. Why do you have so many machines in your kitchen?”
She put two pancakes on a plate with some scrambled eggs and bacon and set the plate on the table. “Everybody has kitchen appliances these days. They make it easier to prepare food. Have some breakfast.” 
He sat down and tasted the bacon. “Mmmmm,” He couldn’t stop himself from moaning. “This is delicious bacon. I’m sure it’s never been this good before.”
She laughed. “It’s not special, just regular bacon.”
He looked around again. “Do you have a husband, Meri?”
“You’re very forward, aren’t you? No, I don’t. Nowadays, women can work just as hard as men and make just as much money. We don’t have to depend on men like we used to, so now, women can marry for love and not just for security.”
“Your sister is married,” he pointed out.
Meri looked away, tensing slightly. “She was lucky enough to find a man who adores her.” 
He frowned. “It probably wasn’t luck. She’s very beautiful … as are you.”
She blushed. “Thanks.”
“You must have suitors lined up down the block.”
She looked uncomfortable. “I’ve dated a few guys. I just haven’t found the right one yet. I think it’s because I see what great guys my sister has dated and no one can compare.”
He took a bite of the pancakes and chewed thoughtfully. “I suppose I would be one of those guys.”
She smiled shyly. “You’re the one who set the bar so high to begin with.”
They were quiet for a moment.
“Do you know why I didn’t have any hair when I woke up yesterday?” he asked, remembering his question.
Meri frowned. “No, that was strange, wasn’t it?”
He rubbed his face again. “It’s growing back anyway. I noticed that Ben is clean-shaven. Is it the current fashion?”
Meri shrugged. “Not necessarily. But you used to be clean-shaven, too. We’ll get you some shaving equipment when we go out today.”
“That’s right. You said we would go shopping today.”
“Yes! It might be a little overwhelming for you, but we’ll have a blast!”
“Blast?”
“Fun. It means fun. I wish I could give you a crash course in modern-day slang.”
“I think you’re doing fine.”
Meri drove him to the “mall” in her modern automobile. Like the airplane and Meri’s house, this was much more comfortable than Chase could have imagined. He was a little anxious when she pulled onto the “freeway” and other cars went zipping past at lightning speeds. Even the parking lot at the mall shocked him.
“I think there are more people on this planet than I remember,” he commented.
She laughed. She sounded a lot like her sister when she laughed. “About three times as many, actually.”
“There’s something I’d like to know. Why do I remember the 1930s, but nothing since then? What happened to the last 80 years?”
She looked agitated again for a moment. “Do you believe in time-travel?” she asked.
He frowned. “I don’t think so.”
“Damn. It was worth a try. Listen, this is one of the things I can’t explain to you yet. I’m sorry.” She gave him an apologetic look.
He sighed. “Alright. But I want to talk to your sister soon. She can’t avoid me forever.”
A mischievous look glinted in Meri’s brown eyes. “Well then we won’t let her.”
“This is America, right?”
She nodded. “Yes, why?”
“Are there still 48 states?”
“Actually, there are 50 now.”
“I see.” He nodded at a flagpole outside the mall. “I thought the flag looked different.” He paused. “I’m British. Do you know why I’m here?”
She laughed. “That is a long story.”
The mall was a magnificent display of shops for everything imaginable: clothing, shoes, toys, even strange apothecaries that sold scented body creams and balms. There was a place where children could design their own teddy bears. There were carts everywhere selling colorful cases for the tiny telephones everyone seemed to carry around in their pockets. Chase had the distinct feeling that whatever had happened to him had caused him to be very far removed from society. It was difficult for him not to stare open-mouthed at everything they passed.
Meri took him into a large shop called Macy’s. The sheer volume of clothing in the store was mind-boggling. “You’ll need something to wear at the office. I assume Asiah will give you something to do to keep you busy until your memory is fully restored. Maybe she’ll let you work with me. I could use a lab assistant. I don’t suppose you remember what your special skills are.”
“No.” He grinned. “Asiah said I used to tutor her. What did I teach her?”
Meri pondered that. “Physics.”
He nodded. “Then if you are a medical doctor, we both have experience with the sciences. I wonder if I remember anything about that.”
“I’ll ask her if you can work with me. You’ll need a suit or two, but in my lab you can just wear scrubs.”
He chuckled. “Yet another word I don’t know in the context you’ve used.”
Chase enjoyed being dressed by Meri. She seemed to know exactly what would look good on him, and he hadn’t found reason to disagree with her yet. He tried not to feel anxious about how much money she was spending on him because, as she said, it was apparently his own money. He marveled at the little plastic card she used to pay for their purchases.
As they were leaving the mall, a small, corner shop caught his eye. “There’s a knife seller!”
Meri raised her eyebrows. “Do you want to go in?”
Did he? Something about the place attracted him, but he didn’t know why. “Yes, let’s go.” He handed her his half of the shopping bags and practically skipped into the shop. There were blades of all shapes and sizes and even some swords on the walls. He stared open-mouthed at all the shiny metal.
“I haven’t seen anyone carrying a sword or a knife today. Do people still use them?” he asked in a low voice to Meri.
“People collect them mostly. You have quite the collection yourself.”
“I do? I knew I came in here for a reason. I collect them!” He paused. “But … why?”
She shrugged. “Why does anyone collect them? It’s a hobby. I’m sure Asiah knows where your collection is. We could look through it later if you want.”
He nodded. “I’d like that. And to speak with your sister. Tonight.”







Chapter Nine

1198 
Britain
The bracelet stung his wrist only for an instant before the rush overtook him. Chase was barely aware that his great-uncle was holding his wrists tightly as he was sure his body was convulsing in some sort of fit. He felt like he was flying and falling at the same time. After a few moments, he opened his eyes to find everything much brighter and in more vivid detail.
“How do you feel, son?” his great-uncle asked.
Chase looked around, bewildered. “Like a veil has been lifted. Everything seems so clear. And I feel almost … weightless.” He sat at the old wooden table in the cottage he lived in with his Great-uncle Tojen. Today he was to begin his apprenticeship to become a healer like Tojen. The first step was to find a healing stone to aid in his learning. His great-uncle used a pale blue aquamarine. After trying some different stones himself, Chase found the pale green peridot heightened his senses in a way he never thought imaginable.
“Good. You must always wear these bracelets, Chase. You will not be powerless without them, but your strength will not last.”
“They will help me to learn to do what you do? So that I may heal others?”
“Yes, Chase. But there is so much more that I will teach you. I have been waiting until you were ready to learn, and I think that you now are. I heal people, but I can do other things as well.” Tojen held out a hand, palm up, and a blue flame leapt from his hand.
Chase jumped up so quickly that his chair fell over backwards with a bang. “Uncle! Your hand … is aflame!”
His great-uncle extinguished the flame and held out his hand for Chase to inspect. “No harm done, son. See?”
He gingerly touched the old man’s palm with a fingertip. It was cool. “How is that possible?”
“Sorcery, my boy. You didn’t think healing was the only power I had, did you?” Tojen laughed.
“Sorcery? I thought that was the stuff of myths. Along with wizards and dragons.”
	He raised a bushy white eyebrow at Chase. “All real. Although dragons haven’t existed on this world in millions of years.”
Chase’s mouth fell open. “Dragons are real?”
“Were real. No longer I’m afraid.”
“How do you know so much?”
Tojen sighed. “I will tell you, Chase. And someday you will know as much as I do … possibly more. Today is the day your training begins. To become a sorcerer.”

***

The doorbell rang and Asiah’s head came up sharply. She looked at Ben who was slicing mushrooms on the kitchen island. He shrugged and went back to slicing. She could feel Chase’s presence even from the back of the house and groaned. She thought she had made it clear to Meri that she needed some more time to figure out what she was going to do about him. After turning down the gas on the stove so the potatoes wouldn’t boil over, she went to answer the door.
Meri had a much-too-mischievous look on her face as she stood in the doorway with Chase. Asiah reflexively backed up a step.
“Hey sis, smells good. Whatcha cookin’?” Meri’s eyes twinkled.
Asiah shot her a disapproving look. “Chicken madeira.” Interest flickered in Chase’s gray eyes and she gave in. It would be rude to turn them away, even if they were uninvited. “Would you like to have dinner with us?”
“Yes, please,” Chase said, before Meri could reply.
Asiah stood aside, well out of Chase’s reach, and held the door open for them. “Come on in, then. I was just about to open a bottle of wine.” Or whiskey.
She went to the bar and pulled a bottle from the wine rack. She didn’t even look at the label as she dug in a drawer for a corkscrew. Aware of Chase’s eyes on her as she opened the bottle, she reminded herself that she couldn’t use any of her special abilities in front of him. As far as he knew, she was just a regular person. She collected four glasses and took them with the bottle into the kitchen. She poured them each a glass of whatever red wine she’d grabbed and handed one to Meri. She left Ben’s on the island next to his cutting board and Chase’s as well. She wouldn’t risk handing it to him in case their hands touched.
“Meri! Brandon! Nice of you to drop by,” Ben said with forced joviality. He put down his knife to hug Meri and shake Chase’s hand, making it that much more obvious that Asiah was avoiding touching Chase.
Chase held up a shopping bag and spoke to Ben. “Thank you for the loan. Meri took me shopping today to get some clothing of my own.”
Ben resumed his slicing. “No problem. You can just put the bag over there.” He nodded at a table in the hallway. “Gave you some retail therapy, did she?” Asiah noted that Ben was making a genuine effort to be nice to Chase.
Chase grinned. “Yes we had a … blast.” His attempt at slang warmed Asiah’s heart.
She turned back to the stove and resumed the dinner preparations. She downed her wine and opened another bottle while Chase and Meri sat at the breakfast bar and told them all about Chase’s first trip to the mall. He was just as charismatic as she remembered, and she found it difficult, especially under the influence of the wine, not to grin like an idiot when he spoke. Oh, how she’d missed hearing his deep, lilting voice. 
Ben nudged her and she realized she was staring at Chase a little too intently. He smoothly moved her wineglass to the other counter. “Snap out of it,” he murmured in her ear.
She straightened and busied herself with mashing the potatoes, but not before she caught Chase smirking at her. Cursing herself for letting her guard down, she pasted a smile on her face. “Why don’t the two of you set the table?”
“Certainly.” Chase moved toward her and she danced away around the island.
When dinner was served, she waited until everyone else was seated before she took her seat. She could tell by the way Chase followed her every move that it was only a matter of time until he cornered her. She’d have to give Meri a piece of her mind for bringing him here.
After dinner, Chase offered to help clean up and Ben herded him into the kitchen. It was amazing how well her husband knew her. 
She rounded on Meri. “Why did you bring him here?” she demanded.
Meri shrugged. “I didn’t want him to feel like you’re avoiding him. But you’re giving him such a wide berth tonight that one might think he’s infectious.”
“I am avoiding him!” Asiah said in exasperation. “If we touch, his memory will come back. Probably all at once. I’m not ready for that, and he isn’t either.”
“You could have told me that!” Meri hissed, then softened her tone. “What would you do in his place?”
Asiah groaned. “Try to get my memory back as soon as possible.”
“Exactly.”
Chase chose that moment to appear in the dining room doorway. “Meri, do you think I could have a moment alone with Asiah?”
Meri shot her an apologetic look and Asiah wanted to strangle her. When she’d gone, Asiah deftly moved to the other side of the table, across from Chase. Not only did she want to avoid touching him because of his memory, but he looked too delicious in his black V-neck T-shirt and jeans even without hair or eyebrows. She was ashamed to admit to herself how badly she wanted him at that moment.
“I’m not going to bite, you know.”
She laughed nervously. “Of course not. It’s just that—”
“You’re afraid of what will happen if we touch again.”
She reddened. “Yes. But not for me. I’m afraid of what it will do to you.”
“You don’t want me to remember?” He shifted and crossed his arms, giving her a view of his impressive biceps.
“I-I didn’t say that,” she stammered, forcing her gaze to his face. “You have so many memories. I think it’s best if you don’t remember everything all at once. We should do it slowly.”
A slow smile spread over his face and she realized that he’d taken that as a double entendre. “Alright. Then tell me something about myself.”
She wracked her brain. “You collect knives.”
“I already know that. Something else.”
Damn. “You used to have long hair. About shoulder-length.”
“Meri told me that, too.”
She sighed. “Why don’t you tell me what you want to know?”
“Were we in love?”
Her mouth fell open. That was the last thing she’d expected him to say. Apparently the small talk was over and he wanted some real answers. Her mind was blank. She had no idea what to say to him. Yes, we loved each other more than words can express … and part of me still does. She wanted to tell him the truth, but was afraid of what saying the words aloud would do to him … or to her.
Asiah knew she was in danger of revealing the truth by her silence alone, and opened her mouth to speak just as Ben interrupted them.
“Babe? I need your help with dessert.” He darted an annoyed glance at Chase.
Asiah gave him a grateful smile and he winked before ducking back into the kitchen. “I’m sorry, Chase. I know you have a thousand questions, and I will answer them, but not tonight.” She started for the door.
He moved to block her path. “Answer my question first.”
She gave in wearily. “Yes, alright? We were in love once, but that was a long time ago.”
“How long ago?” he pressed.
He wasn’t ready for that answer yet. “I’m sorry, Chase. I have to go.” Then, hating herself for it, used her mind to make him back away from the door.
Confusion washed over his features when he realized he had moved away without getting his answer, but he didn’t comment on it. She swiftly exited the dining room before he regained control of his motor functions.
Ben cast her a worried look but she gave a small shake of her head to indicate that everything was fine. She fixed a smile on her face as Chase joined them, a frown darkening his brow.
“Alright then, who wants cobbler?”

***

Avoiding Chase after the confrontation at her house proved to be easier than Asiah expected. Meri kept him busy in her lab as an assistant at work after Asiah thoroughly chastised her for bringing Chase to dinner. If he ever ventured near Asiah’s top-floor office, her assistant, Lana, was to instruct him that she was in a meeting or on an important call. She felt terrible for avoiding him when all he wanted was to remember who he was, yet she knew she couldn’t let him remember his entire life in one touch. Eight hundred years was a lot to take in all at once. Ben was extremely helpful in keeping her away from Chase, but his motives were entirely self-serving.
She managed to get through two weeks without running into him and she still hadn’t formulated a plan for telling him who he was. Meri said he was doing well, and getting used to the way things worked in the 21st century, which gave Asiah hope that he might consider starting a whole new life without his old memories getting in the way. She’d spent this entire morning researching ways to break bad news to people. So far, she hadn’t found anything that would help her tell Chase he was an eight hundred year old undead sorcerer and knew that she was just avoiding the inevitable.
Lana poked her head into Asiah’s office to say she was going to lunch. Asiah nodded and the blond woman left. Chase must have taken the hint that she didn’t want to see him because he hadn’t come to her office since last week. Ben was on his way up with sandwiches and she was looking forward to having lunch with him. By way of avoiding Chase, Asiah had been working much longer hours than usual.
She heard the knock on her door and assumed it was her husband. Lana must have locked the door behind her; Ben usually didn’t knock. At the moment, her hands were full of file folders so she used her mind to unlock the door and pull it open from across the room. She turned to put the files on her conference table.
“I didn’t expect you to be here,” said a voice and Asiah froze. 
Carefully setting down her pile, she turned toward Chase with what she hoped looked like a genuine smile. Her smile faltered when she saw him. He wore a charcoal gray suit with a blindingly white shirt and a bright blue power tie. It fit him perfectly and he wore it like a millionaire executive. His hair and eyebrows had finally grown in enough that he looked the part as well. An unwanted surge of desire made her shiver and she forced herself to remain upright while her knees threatened to buckle.
“Chase!” she said brightly. “You’re looking well. How have you been feeling?”
He fixed her with a cool, gray stare. “Like someone’s been avoiding me.”
She closed her eyes. He always had been right to the point. “I’m sorry, Chase, I’ve been so busy, and—”
“No, you haven’t. I’ve lost my memory, Asiah. I’m not daft.” He crossed his arms in challenge.
She gestured to the couch against the far wall with a sigh. “Alright. Let’s talk.”
He nodded and sat down on the couch, unbuttoning his jacket with practiced grace. She sat across from him in a wing chair, still determined to keep some space between them.
“Where would you like to begin?” she asked.
He thought for a moment. “The biggest question I have is about the time lapse in my mind. Meri said you and I were together once, but then I left. Where did I go between the time we were together and the time I woke up in the woods?”
Asiah took a deep breath. He had to know eventually and it was better if she controlled how much information he received at one time. “You were dead,” she said carefully.
He paled. “Dead?” His voice was a strained whisper.
“Yes. You were killed. Knife wound to the heart. You’ve probably noticed the scar.” She watched him closely.
“Oh …” He looked completely lost and Asiah had to fight the urge to go comfort him.
Ben chose that moment to walk in carrying two sub sandwiches and two bottles of water. He raised his eyebrows when he saw Chase. “Hey there, Brandon. You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Chase cast him a worried look. “Apparently I am one.”
It was Ben’s turn to go pale. He turned to Asiah. “Does he remember?” Asiah shook her head and relief flooded Ben’s face. “Do you need a moment?”
She nodded and Ben left, looking a little worried himself.
“How,” Chase began, “can I be here?”
Asiah looked down at her hands. “I brought you back.”
“Why?”
“You were suffering because of something we did when you were alive. I had to make it right.”
“How is this ‘right?’” he whispered brokenly. “If I’m supposed to be dead, how can I ever live a normal life again?”
She wrung her hands. “You didn’t really have a normal life before.”
He stood up swiftly and stepped toward her. “I need to know. Please don’t make me go on without knowing who I am.”
She stood and stepped behind the chair to keep a buffer between them. “I can’t tell you everything yet. But I will. I promise. Please let me do this my way,” she begged him.
“How long was I dead?” His voice held an edge.
“Chase—”
He raised his voice. “How long?”
She shrank back a step. “Seventy-five years.”
His face suffused with anger. “That’s not possible. You’re lying.”
She nodded miserably. “It’s true.”
“How? You and you sister knew me before I … died … and neither of you is past 30!”
Asiah hated seeing him like this. She wished she could tell him everything right then, but knew if she did, she’d run straight into his arms when he inevitably opened them to her.
“Meri and I are actually 96 years old.”
Shock replaced anger on his face. “Are you some sort of … witch … or sorceress … or something?”
She looked him in the eye. “Would you believe it if I were?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know what I believe anymore.” He looked around for a moment, thinking hard. “You can bring the dead back to life, you’re much older than you look, and you opened the door earlier from across the room. What else could you be?”
She realized it might be an easier explanation than the truth for now. “I don’t use those words, but basically yes, I’m sort of like that.”
He blew out a long breath and dropped back onto the couch. “I wasn’t teaching you physics, was I?”
She silently cursed him for being too smart for his own good. “No, you weren’t.”
“Was I … am I …?”
“Like me.”
“But I don’t feel like I can do any of those things,” he said miserably.
“You just don’t remember how,” she said gently.
“How old am I? And don’t say you don’t know,” he warned.
It was the last thing that could shock him. Everything else had already been said. “You’re over 800 years old.”
He didn’t look as surprised as he had before and Asiah wondered if on some level, Chase knew what she was saying was true. He didn’t say anything, but turned to gaze out the window with the look of a man who just realized the weight of the world rested on his shoulders.
“That’s everything,” Asiah said to break the silence. “All the things I thought it would be hard to tell you. And now you see why I couldn’t just give it all back at once. You have almost a millennium of memories to restore. Wouldn’t it be better if you took it slowly?”
He nodded, still unable to speak. He stood up and buttoned his jacket, his hands shaking slightly. She thought he’d taken it much better than she had. She’d passed out and then run away when their roles had been reversed many years earlier.
“Thank you,” he said stiffly, “for telling me. I understand now why you wanted to tell me slowly.”
She nodded, relieved that he wasn’t angry.
“But,” he said in a warning tone, banishing her relief, “I want the rest. Soon. And if you don’t give it to me, I’ll take it from you.” His eyes were hard as steel and she knew he meant it.
He strode from the office, slamming the door behind him.

***

Ben had to quickly step out of the way to avoid being mowed down by Brandon, who exited Asiah’s office in a hurry with a black look. He watched the man’s retreating back in bewilderment for a moment before joining his wife.
She was sitting in her wing chair with her hands clasped in her lap. She was trembling. She looked up in alarm when he came in, and only relaxed slightly when she saw his face. He rushed to her side and knelt next to the chair, running his hands down her arms.
“Jesus babe, what happened with Brandon?”
She attempted to smile, but he could see she was terrified. It worried him; she wasn’t afraid of anything. “Nothing. We just talked. I told him everything. He needs some time, I think.” She stood up and walked to her desk, taking several deep breaths along the way.
He followed and moved to stand in front of her. “Asiah, tell me why he stormed out of here and why you look so damn scared.”
She fought against the tears for a moment then let out a broken sob. Ben pulled her forward into his arms. She cried against his shoulder for a moment before she could speak. “H-he threatened me.”
“What?!” Ben pulled back to look at her. “He’s a dead man!” He was torn between staying to comfort her and tracking the man down to bash his pretty-boy face in.
“No!” Asiah pleaded, gripping his lapels. “Let me explain. He said that if I don’t restore his memory soon, he’ll take it back himself. It’s just the way he said it. The Chase I knew would never speak to me that way. It just rattled me, that’s all.”
Ben had never seen Asiah distressed like this. “I won’t let him touch you, baby,” he said pulling her close again. “He’ll have to go through me first.”
She laughed tearfully. “In that case he won’t get very far. At least not without his powers.”
“Damn right, he won’t.” The second part of what she said registered. “His powers? Does he want them back?”
She wiped at her eyes. “He didn’t say that. He’s only just found out that he has them. He’s like me; he can’t do much without his power stone.”
“Which is?”
“Peridot. A green stone. But I didn’t tell him that.”
“Let’s not remind him just yet. Give him some time to cool off. But if he comes near you, I want you to use whatever force necessary to stop him from touching you.” He paused considering something. “When he has his stones, is he stronger than you?”
Her brow furrowed. “I don’t know. He used to be, but that was before I mastered my abilities. By nature I should be stronger, because of my blood. He is only human. Plus, he doesn’t even remember how to use his powers right now. If it came down to it, and he did take his memory back, all this hostility would be gone, and the man I knew would return.”
“I’m not sure that’s much better,” Ben muttered.
She framed his face in her hands. “He will never take me away from you,” she said earnestly. “You are my world, my entire universe now.”
As if he needed more convincing, she kissed him, softly at first, then more urgently as her desire heightened. Never taking his mouth from hers, he lifted her onto the edge of her desk, pushing her navy pleated skirt up as he did so. Her fingers tugged at his tie, loosening it, as he swiftly but carefully unbuttoned her blouse. Her head fell back with a sigh when his thumb found her nipple. A static buzz on the intercom shattered the moment.
“Director, your one o’clock is here,” Lana’s voice said serenely.
Ben sighed and rested his forehead against hers. “This isn’t over,” he whispered and greedily kissed her once more. Still breathing hard, he helped Asiah restore her clothing and ensured that he didn’t have a noticeable bulge in his pants before leaving her office.
He shot Lana a disapproving glare as he paused near her desk to tighten his tie meaningfully. Mortification flickered in her eyes momentarily as she realized what she’d interrupted. He saw her cover her mouth with her hand and he sauntered away, satisfied that he’d made his point.

***

Chase stalked straight to his room at Meri’s house, tearing off his jacket and tie as he went. He heard Meri call after him, but ignored her and slammed his door. He just wanted to be alone. He wasn’t sure what he expected Asiah to be holding back from him, but it sure as hell wasn’t that he was an 800-year-old sorcerer recently brought back from the dead. He wanted to be furious at her, scream at her that she was wrong to keep this from him, but he couldn’t.
He couldn’t be upset with her because he knew the moment she told him these things that they were true. He didn’t know how he knew, but he could feel it. He could hear it in her haunted voice that she was telling him the truth. He knew he should be shocked by this information as any normal person would be, but it sounded like he was the farthest thing from a normal person. He tried to think about what he would do in Asiah’s position, and it was exactly what she’d done. She tried to break it to him slowly so he didn’t become overwhelmed. He had to appreciate that she cared enough about him to want this to be easy for him.
Therein lay the problem. She cared for him. And he knew, on some level, that when his memory was restored, he would know just exactly how much she cared for him and consequently, how much he cared for her. He saw now that this alone was her greatest fear. She wasn’t afraid that he couldn’t handle the information about his powers or his past. She was afraid that he would remember their love and that she would be powerless to stop him from taking her back. He wasn’t sure she was wrong. Chase couldn’t remember having feelings for her, but now whenever he was near her, he could feel a magnetic pull, an attraction that went beyond the physical. For reasons he didn’t understand, he wanted her. Not just to touch her, but to be consumed with her. He knew that when he did finally remember her, there would be nothing that could stop this powerful need to have her.
This was why he needed to stay away from her. It crushed him to think he would never really remember everything from his former life, but this was how it had to be. He wouldn’t tear Asiah’s life apart for his own selfish needs. She’d gone to hell and back to bring him back to life. He owed her more than he could ever give her. Giving up his memory would be a small sacrifice compared to what she’d done for him.
“Chase?” Meri knocked tentatively on his door. “Are you alright?”
He sighed and stood up, opening the door to see Meri’s worried face. “I’m alright, Meri. I’m sorry if I alarmed you.”
She reached up and touched his cheek. “You look like you’ve had a rough day. Want to talk about it?”
He looked at her face, so like her sister’s. Every feature the same except for the eyes. The face in his memory flash had brown eyes, just like Meri’s, yet not hers. On impulse he leaned down and touched his lips to Meri’s, just for a moment. He pulled back, shaking his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t know why I did that.”
Desire had replaced worry on her face, and Chase realized too late his mistake. Her hands were already winding around his neck to pull him down again.
“Don’t apologize,” she whispered and kissed him hungrily. She nudged him backwards into his room until he backed into the bed. She gave him a little shove and he fell back onto it. Confused and exhilarated at the same time, he didn’t stop her when she straddled him and began unbuttoning his shirt. She shoved it off his shoulders and rose up to peel off her scrub top. Realizing where this was heading, Chase considered putting a stop to it right then. He told himself it was the right thing to do, but Meri’s soft moans could almost be mistaken for Asiah’s if Chase closed his eyes …
By now she was tugging his trousers off and he couldn’t hide his arousal. She touched him and he groaned as he gave in to the sensation. She wanted this, and he did too, in a way. This might be the closest he would ever get to having what he truly wanted. He sat up suddenly and switched their positions, rolling her underneath him. Just this once, he would indulge himself. 
And indulge himself he did. Meri never needed to know that it was her sister he imagined now, arching up to meet his thrusts, whispering his name, and clinging to him desperately as she reached her release. He let himself become fully immersed in the fantasy until he spent himself inside her with a groan. Weak with passion, he fell onto the bed next to her, breathing hard.
He didn’t hear himself whisper Asiah’s name against Meri’s neck until it was too late. 
She tensed next to him. “What did you just say?” she asked in a broken whisper.
What had he just said? He struggled to clear his mind, still clouded with desire. “Meri—” he began.
“No!” she said clambering off the bed. “You said Asiah! Were you thinking about her the entire time?” she accused, her eyes blazing.
“Meri, please listen to me—” he tried.
“You are such a jerk!” she cried and snatched her discarded scrubs from the floor. She stormed from the room and he heard her bedroom door slam a few seconds later.
Chase covered his face with his hands for a moment, then rolled off of bed with a sigh. He pulled on his bathrobe and went across the hall. “Meri,” he called, as he knocked gently on her door. “Please talk to me. I’m sorry, I don’t know what to say.”
“Not my sister’s name! Now go away!” she shouted.
“But—”
“I said go away!”
Chase winced at the sound of Meri’s sobs, and reluctantly returned to his room, wondering how he could have been so foolish.

***

Asiah stared into the night sky from her bedroom balcony, searching for Ocea. She found the tiny spark of light exactly where it always was, twinkling dimly amongst the Pleiades. Things were so much simpler there. She’d spent her days locked in a library of infinite knowledge, on the moor high above the sea, practicing using her powers, or in the dense forest, searching for strange creatures. Aside from missing Chase’s company, she never had to think about men or relationships. When she returned to Earth, it still wasn’t that difficult to manage the transition. When she met Ben, she’d struggled with her feelings for a short time, but eventually realized that she wanted to be in love again. If she’d only known that Chase wouldn’t just be a memory, but an ever-present reminder of her past, she might have reconsidered the whole thing.
She sensed rather than heard Ben behind her, a moment before his arms slipped around her waist.
“Come to bed,” he whispered against her hair.
A shiver went down her spine despite the warm evening, as it often did when she could hear the rampant need in her husband’s voice. Clearly wanting to pick up where they’d left off earlier, he tugged at the knot on her satin robe with one hand and moved her hair aside with the other to trail hot kisses along the back of her neck and down her shoulder. He finished untying her robe and let it fall open. He let out a soft hum of appreciation when he found that she wore nothing underneath. He slid the robe off her shoulders and turned her slowly in his arms to face him.
She could see the fire blazing in his dark eyes a second before he took her mouth and plundered it with long, luxurious strokes of his tongue. Her robe fell completely away and he let his hands roam over her body from her hips to her breasts, and around to her backside to pull her against his body where she could feel his erection through his flannel pajama pants.
She slid her fingers under the waistband of his pants and pushed them down as he lifted his feet to step out of them, never taking his mouth from hers. He lifted her then, so she was seated on the edge of the marble railing. His breath hissed out between his teeth as he entered her slowly and she held him tightly, sighing with him until he was fully sheathed inside her. His breath hitched as he looked adoringly into her eyes and began to move with long, gentle strokes. She let herself be consumed by the moment, banishing all thoughts of anything but the man before her as they made love by starlight.
When it was over, and they held each other close, mostly to keep one another from falling down, she felt the kind of contentment one longs for but so rarely finds in another. It was always like this with Ben, so intense and poignant.
“Do you know,” he whispered breathlessly, “how much I love you?”
She let him scoop her up in his arms and carry her to the bed. “Yes,” she sighed, laying her head on his shoulder. “Almost as much as I love you.”
“More.”
It was still the silent, darkest part of the night when Asiah woke up and realized she was alone. It seemed like it had only been moments ago that she drifted off to sleep in Ben’s embrace. Now she reached across the king-sized bed to find the sheets cool to the touch on his side of the bed. Confused, she turned on the bedside lamp and looked around, shoving her thick hair out of her face.
“Honey?” she called. An eerie silence greeted her. Something felt strange to her, as if the energy in the room had been disrupted. It was a feeling she knew because it usually accompanied her using her powers. Only she hadn’t used her powers in this room for the past few days. Fear shot through her, momentarily paralyzing her. She fought down panic and climbed out of bed. Throwing on her robe, she checked the bathroom before heading out onto the landing to check the rest of the house. Instead of searching every room, she closed her eyes and used her mind to locate the nearest biological energy signature. She could sense her neighbors half a mile away, but no one else was in the house. 
Ben’s keys were still in the little ceramic bowl near the door and his phone on the charger next to the bed. It was if he’d vanished into thin air. Or had been taken. Asiah again fought down dread as the pieces started to come together. The energy in the bedroom, Ben’s disappearance, Marysa’s promise at their last meeting …
Fear turned to rage as Asiah flew into motion. She was dressed and out on the balcony in less than two minutes. She channeled to Sapphire, and hit the roof running. Using her master code to unlock the roof door, she descended to her office on the top floor and opened her laptop. She’d inserted a tracking chip under the skin on the back of Ben’s neck shortly after they opened the firm. She had one also and made it mandatory for all her field agents. Ben’s chip would remain active for approximately 24 hours after death unless it was specifically destroyed. Asiah didn’t let herself think that this was a possibility, only that it would mean his chip would still be active. She pulled up her tracking program and did a global search. Her heart stopped when the words “Not Found” flashed on her screen.
“No,” she whispered. “No, he can’t be gone.” She ran the search again and again before flinging her laptop against the wall in frustration. It shattered, sending pieces of hardware and circuitry flying everywhere. She picked up her phone and dialed Sawyer Jacks’ number. Her weapons specialist answered on the fourth ring.
“Jacks,” he mumbled groggily.
“Sawyer,” she breathed, trying to keep her voice steady. “Ben’s gone. I can’t find him anywhere.”
She heard some rustling followed by a voracious yawn. “Asiah? What are you talking about?”
“Ben! He’s gone! I don’t know what to do!” she said, her voice hitching up a register.
“Are you sure? Have you tried tracking him?”
“Yes! I’m at the office now. I think,” she took a deep breath. “Sawyer, I think he’s been kidnapped.” 
She half-expected him to laugh out loud, but the concern in her voice must have convinced him. “Stay there. I’m coming in.”
When he arrived, Sawyer wasn’t satisfied until he ran the tracking search three times himself on his computer. “Damn it, man. Where are you?” he muttered to himself, running a hand through his tawny hair.
Asiah paced the office, running things over in her head. Marysa had him, she knew that much. The Phantom Shade had probably fried his tracking chip or at least scrambled the signal somehow. Asiah hoped that meant he was still alive. If she got her hands on the woman, there would be no mercy. She wouldn’t destroy only her mind this time, she would obliterate the woman entirely. 
When they parted ways after Marysa had helped Asiah retrieve Chase from his prison a few weeks ago Asiah knew it was only a matter of time until the Shade reappeared. After her defeat 75 years earlier and her subsequent revival two years ago, Marysa seemed to have developed a healthy respect for Asiah’s power, but still found a way to prey on Asiah’s one weakness: her loved ones.
As she beat her palms against her skull in an attempt to think of something, her cell phone rang. The caller’s name was blocked, but she knew who it was.
“Where is he?” she hissed into the phone, by way of answering.
Marysa’s raspy laughter echoed across the line. “Nice to hear from you as well!”
“Tell me where he is, you—”
“Now, now,” Marysa cut her off. “We can all get along here, as long as everyone cooperates. Isn’t that right, Benjamin?”
“Let me talk to him,” Asiah said, forcing her voice to remain steady.
She heard some static, then Ben’s voice whispered weakly, “Asiah … don’t—”
Marysa pulled the phone away before he could finish. “Satisfied?”
“You have no idea how dead you are,” Asiah said venomously.
She screeched with laughter. “Why don’t you come show me?”
“Been waiting for an invitation all night,” Asiah replied.
“I’m sure you can find the warehouse again, or do you need directions?”
“I’ll be right there,” she said, and started to hang up.
“One more thing, Shade. Come alone or he dies before you open the door.”
Asiah snapped the phone shut, reining in her anger. She needed a clear mind to deal with this woman. Only a few weeks earlier she had been captured by Marysa and restrained in a warehouse in Moscow. This encounter would happen in that same warehouse. If Ben was tied up in barbed wire as Asiah had been, she would find an inventive way to give Marysa a slow death.
Sawyer grabbed her shoulders. “I’m coming.”
She shook her head. “No. She said she’d kill him. I have to go alone.”
“Do you expect me to just stay here and do nothing?” His blue eyes burned into hers. “He’s my best friend!”
She pulled out of his grasp and headed back to the roof. “I’m sorry. I won’t risk his life when I can do this alone.”
He stomped up the stairs behind her. “Can you?” he asked accusingly, then softened. “I’m sorry. I know you can do this. I just hate feeling so helpless.”
She stopped on the top step and turned to face him. She reached out and squeezed his hand, trying to ease his anxiety, and hers. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
He gave her a despondent look. “Bring him back, Asiah. Just … bring him back.”

***

Ben couldn’t feel his arms. There might have been pain once, but now that feeling had dulled into a terrible numbness. His arms were restrained above his head, and by the amount of blood running down them and onto the bag covering his face, he was pretty sure they must have been mutilated in some way. All he knew was that they were still attached to his body and that his wife could heal anything. If he managed to get out of this alive, she’d take good care of him. He knew she would come, especially since he didn’t get to finish warning her not to. He could hear breathing nearby, but he knew it wasn’t Asiah’s. That evil bitch had called Asiah on the phone. Told her to come. She would come.
The breathing to his left was labored and heavy, a man’s, he guessed. He couldn’t see anything with the bag over his head, but he could tell by the way the woman’s voice echoed off the walls that he was in a large open room, like a warehouse. The man next to him groaned softly. Ben still couldn’t recognize the voice. His mind was a little cloudy from the blood loss. He tried to think of a time when he was in a more desperate situation. There must have been one in the SEALs or with the Agency, but he couldn’t think of one.
Purposeful footsteps echoed across the room, approaching from Ben’s right. He knew that gait and his heart leapt.
“What have you done?” Asiah’s voice was like music to his ears, even in such a withering tone.
He heard the redhead’s raspy laugh. “I brought some motivation along. You know how I love an audience.”
The bag was jerked off his head at that moment, even though the two women stood several feet away. Ben blinked in the harsh fluorescent light, sweat mingling with blood and stinging his eyes. Asiah’s eyes went wide when she saw him, and she was on her knees in front of him an instant later.
She pressed her shaking hands to his face. “Jesus, Ben. What has she done to you?” she whispered.
“Asiah, you have to go. It’s a trap,” he croaked. His throat felt dry as a bone. “Get out of here.”
“I’m not leaving you.” Her eyes were hard and brooked no argument.
The man next to him groaned again and Asiah turned. Brandon hung next to Ben with his hands restrained above his head with barbed wire. He was unconscious and covered in blood. 
“Chase!” she cried, and moved to touch him, too. She jerked her hand back at the last second, realizing what she was doing. Anger suffused her features as she whirled on Marysa. “Let them go. Your fight is with me.”
“I suppose that you expect me to fight fair,” Marysa said coolly. “I’m sorry, but you’re the True Shade, and that gives you a distinct advantage as I learned once before. Believe me, this is a fair fight.”
Asiah cracked her neck as Ben had often seen her do before kicking someone’s ass. 
Marysa held up a hand. “Before you throw everything you’ve got at me, listen to my terms. Those two men over there will live if you do exactly as I say. If you fight, resist, or try to take them out of here, they will die, and you will have no one. I will let you choose who gets to die first, though. I’m curious which one you’d choose, since I know you’re in love with both of them.”
Ben watched Asiah’s face carefully, but her expression only hardened. “You know nothing of love.”
Marysa shrugged. “I heard you in that nightmare of a prison. You told the Conjurer you loved him. It was just the sweetest thing.”
Asiah’s eyes darted to Ben’s just for an instant, and he knew. He knew she loved him, and powerfully so, but he could see in that look that she still loved Brandon as well. It may have been dormant for the last few years, but he could see it in her eyes that Brandon would always have her heart.
“So,” Marysa continued, “I would like you to sit down in this chair and let me bleed you.”
Asiah shot her a puzzled look.
“You lied to me Shade. You said you’d tell me how you use your powers without the stones, and you gave me a syringe of useless liquid! It worked for only a day. A day! Do you expect me to believe you inject yourself with serum daily?”
“You use your powers too much,” Asiah said. “Mine lasts over a week.”
“No matter,” Marysa said. “I’m going to bleed you dry, take that powdered stone from your blood, and inject it into mine as you breathe your last. You will let me do this because you could never live with yourself if you let them die. That is your weakness. Your corruption. Your own people, the Ikhälea, know how weak you are. That is why I should be the True Shade, not you.”
Asiah looked at Ben again, an expression of profound sadness on her beautiful face. “Alright,” she whispered.
“No!” Ben shouted hoarsely. “Asiah, you can’t!”
She walked slowly, as if in a trance, and sat in the chair. She rolled up her sleeve as Marysa prepared an IV line. As Marysa was about to stick the needle in Asiah’s arm, Asiah stopped her. 
“Release them first,” she whispered, her voice hollow and expressionless.
Marysa waved her hand and the barbed wires holding Ben and Brandon snapped. Both men slumped forward, Ben on his elbows and knees and Brandon flat on his face, jolting him awake. Ben tried to stumble to his feet, but he was too weak and his arms were completely useless. He rolled onto his back, heaving as Brandon uttered a stream of curses nearby.
Marysa cackled and with a last glance at Ben, turned back to Asiah. She tossed the IV line aside and instead pulled a long knife from her belt. She brought a five-gallon bucket over from a pile in the corner and placed it between Asiah’s legs. She jerked Asiah’s arm forward and made a long cut from her wrist to her elbow. Asiah didn’t make a sound as her blood cascaded down her arm into the bucket. Ben’s head was spinning and he couldn’t seem to pull himself up. When there was about an inch of blood in the bucket, Marysa waved her hand over the red pool as a twinkling blue mist seemed to rise from the bucket and collect in Marysa’s upturned palm.
“Perfect,” she whispered. “Give me more.” She sat back and waited as Asiah bled and bled.
Ben rolled onto his side and found himself face to face with Brandon, whose eyelids were fluttering weakly. He was struck by an idea. “Can you move?” he whispered. He hoped the redhead was too preoccupied with Asiah’s blood to notice him. 
Brandon managed a weak nod.
“Listen to me, Brandon,” Ben said, willing his heart not to break. “I need you to take care of Asiah. If you touch her, your memory will return and you’ll know what to do to save her. On my signal, go to her and get her out of here.”
Brandon frowned. “What about you? She won’t leave you behind.”
“She doesn’t get a choice this time. Promise me you’ll take care of her.”
“I’ll get her out, but she’s yours to care for.”
Ben nodded, knowing it was the best he was going to get from the man. “Ready?”
Brandon looked uncertain, but nodded.
Ben looked at Asiah. She was deathly pale and weaving slightly in the chair. There were at least four inches of blood in the bucket. Marysa now had a small pile of blue powder in her hand.
“It’s not much, but it’ll do,” she said, poking at the powder with her finger. “Any witty last words before I take over your stone and your power?”
Ben’s heart ached as he watched a tear slide down Asiah’s cheek. Selfishly, he claimed that tear as his own. 
“Now!” he whispered to Brandon, and with all the strength he had left, threw himself into the bolt of lightning shooting from Marysa’s fingers toward the woman he loved.







Chapter Ten

The first memory Chase recalled when his bloody fingers closed around Asiah’s wrist was of the day Tojen told him who he was.
“Sit down, Chase,” his great-uncle had said, gesturing to the chair next to his bed in the small cottage they shared. “My time on this plane grows short, my boy, and it’s time you learned your true purpose in this life.”
Tojen was an old man in Chase’s memory. He didn’t even know how old, just that his skin hung off his bones like moss from an old tree. He moved slowly, as if he had all the time in the world to reach his destination. His white hair grew halfway down his back and he had a long white beard to match. His eyes, as long as Chase had known him, were still bright blue and nearly glowed with an unnatural light.
Chase lifted a brow. “Am I not to be a sorcerer like you?” Over a decade had passed since Chase first inserted his power stones and began learning how to use his powers.
“The skills I have been teaching you these last few years will help you on a quest. It was my quest, but I have wasted my life on this quaint little rock. I knew when you were born, that you would continue my quest without fail.”
Chase was still confused. “What quest?”
“Chase, there are other worlds besides this one. Other planes of existence. Other people out there, among the stars. That’s where I come from.”
Chase laughed nervously. “You said you came from Scotland!”
Tojen shook his head. “I didn’t tell you the truth because I knew you wouldn’t believe it. I see now that I don’t have a choice but to tell you that I am not truly your great-uncle. The people on Earth have doomed their own existence. I can’t tell you how or why, because I didn’t take the time to figure it out myself. That is not your responsibility, either.”
Chase was thoroughly puzzled now. “What is it I’m to do?”
“I was sent here several years ago to try and right the wrongs of the human race. As I said, I didn’t take time to do this, but instead squandered the gifts I was given for gold and other pleasures.”
“How is one man supposed to right the wrongs of an entire race?”
Tojen shook his head. “I’ll never know, but that’s where you come in.”
Chase looked at him in shock. “Me?”
“I don’t expect you to do my job, but find the one who can do it: my daughter.”
“But … you don’t have a daughter.”
“This may be hard to understand, but she hasn’t been born yet. She may not be born for many years or even centuries. I need you to find her and instruct her as I have instructed you. She will right the wrongs of the human race.”
Chase’s mouth fell open. “Centuries? How am I supposed to find a girl who hasn’t been born yet?”
“I never said your task would be easy. Even once you find her it will be difficult. She will have to be made to believe what I have told you.”
“I think I’ll worry about the first part before I concern myself with what happens once I find her, if I ever do.”
“It is written that you will find her in the prophecies of old. You need not worry that it will happen, only when.”
“Do these prophecies tell of when I will find her?” Chase grumbled.
“No, only that you must harden your heart against the maiden.”
Chase was sure this was the strangest conversation he’d ever had with his great-uncle, who just happened not to be his kin after all. “Is she likely to steal it?” he asked with a charming grin.
“Yes,” Tojen said in a serious tone. “She will be the most beautiful creature you have ever seen, and will cloud your mind with her sweet words. You must not let her. She is to be your student, and nothing more. For the sake of the world.”
“Why did you not tell me this sooner, Unc— Tojen?”
“You are still young and impulsive. You will learn to be strong and calculating, but I was afraid that you would turn away from the quest.”
“Is it truly your duty to save the world?”
“Yes, but now it is yours by finding her. It may seem too grand for a peasant sorcerer like you or me, but you will find as you search and read the ancient texts that it is all true.”
As the memory faded, another took its place, followed by another, piling on top of each other faster and faster until they reached the day he met Asiah. She was sprawled in the street in Chicago, trying to pull together two piles of paper as the brutal wind threatened to sweep everything away. He had helped her and brushed his hand against hers. The feeling he felt then was only a tiny spark compared to the intense current that passed between them now. A final memory lingered an instant longer than the others: their lips were touching, but the kiss was tormented, despairing. He felt the life drain out of him and he realized he was remembering the moment of his death and her last kiss. The kiss that he’d held onto every day in that horrible prison. Everything he’d known including his time in imprisonment after death slammed through his brain in the space of less than a second.
He tightened his grip on Asiah’s wrist as she moaned, experiencing the same flashes he was. He gritted his teeth as his mind put all the pieces together in an instant. He was reeling, but he knew now what he had to do. 
The force of the exchange between him and Asiah had created a shockwave that had knocked Marysa on her back. It was a blessing, and Chase figured he had only a moment to act before the Shade attacked. He didn’t have his power stone and couldn’t channel without it, unless … 
Asiah was weak, but beneath her fluttering eyelids, he could see that her eyes were still blue. His mind raced as he looked around. One of the windows high above was broken, providing a clear path to the sky. Ben’s body lay on the ground at Asiah’s feet and Chase reached for his hand, still holding Asiah’s wrist in his other hand. He drew from her strength, what little she had left, as he saw Marysa stagger to her feet. She looked confused and disoriented and he didn’t stop to consider why. He barely summoned enough strength to channel the three of them away, through the window, and home.
They landed on the roof of Sapphire in a bloody heap. Chase heard footsteps running toward him and looked up to see Agents Jacks and Dietrich silhouetted in the early dawn light.
“What happened?” Chris Dietrich snapped at Chase, who was the only conscious one of the three, albeit barely.
Chase had let go of Ben, but couldn’t seem to let go of Asiah. He was still trying to process the fact that he was alive. The tingle of her skin was like a powerful drug and he didn’t want to give up the sensation. He shook his head, unable to speak.
“Jesus, Ben …” Jacks whispered, checking Ben’s neck for a pulse. He started pushing repeatedly on Ben’s chest. “Come on, buddy, wake up …”
Chase was beginning to see stars and he tried to hold Asiah closer, but Dietrich was lifting her into his arms. “Relax man, I’ve got her,” the other man said gently.
Chase reluctantly let her go, only because he had no strength left. As the world faded to black, he prayed he’d still remember everything later. Especially her. Please, don’t let me forget her again.

***

Asiah stared numbly at the wall of the infirmary. She lay on her side, clutching her knees to her chest trying to block out the images that haunted her whenever she closed her eyes: Ben and Chase bound and bloody in the warehouse, her own blood running down her arm into a bucket, Marysa’s evil grin, and the light going out of Ben’s eyes the moment the lightning hit him. The last image was the worst, and the one she couldn’t shut out. No one had told her that he was gone, but she knew. She couldn’t feel his life force anymore.
She’d managed to shut out the other images that raged through her mind the instant Chase had touched her, although not without a struggle. If not for Ben’s death, other disturbing scenes would be plaguing her now: Chase fighting in battle after battle in various wars, taking lives mercilessly, and plotting the deaths of the other Conjurers, not all of whom were fully grown adults. One particular image that was difficult to put aside was of Chase delivering a young girl to a council of elders in Salem, Massachusetts. They convicted her of witchcraft and hung her in the town square. Chase didn’t even bat an eye as the girl’s body dangled at the end of the noose. She knew that image would haunt her again someday when her current grief subsided, if it ever did.
Meri checked on her sister regularly, but didn’t speak. She knew Asiah was far away, lost in a sea of sorrow. She had been there after Chase’s death, and knew how much harder this one would hit her. And it did. Asiah hadn’t cried, hadn’t spoken a word to anyone, just … existed. They brought her to the infirmary after the incident in the warehouse and Meri had given her blood and serum. Asiah was perfectly healthy now, as three days had passed since her return, but she felt nothing. She swore she’d never fall in love again for this very reason. She’d taken a chance on Ben and once again, fate had taken him away from her. It would be the last time. She wasn’t sure if she could love Chase again anyway after what she’d seen.
She heard the door open behind her, and didn’t move. She didn’t care about anything right now. The world could crash down around her and she would welcome it. Her bed shifted as someone sat down on the edge of it. After a few moments of silence, the person stretched out on the bed behind her, and she recognized Sawyer’s cologne. He pulled her against his body and wrapped his arms tightly around her, the way Ben used to do. The feeling was too intense and she felt the tears finally begin to spill down her cheeks. Sawyer turned her in his arms and crushed her to his chest as she began to sob. She felt his body shaking with his own grief over the loss of his longest and best friend. They stayed that way for what felt like hours each holding onto the only piece of Ben they had left: each other.
When she’d run out of tears, she lifted her head and looked into his red-rimmed eyes. “He saved my life,” she whispered. “He saved all of us.”
“Yeah,” Sawyer said, giving her a sad smile. “Sounds like Ben.” He pressed a kiss to her forehead. “I know it’s the last thing you want to do but—”
“The memorial. I know. I need to arrange it. I should talk to his family.” Her voice didn’t sound like her own, but distant and detached.
“They’ve been notified. You should eat something.” He sat up slowly, pulling her with him.
She nodded numbly. “I don’t know if I can go home. My house …”
“He gave it to you, I know. Why don’t I come with you and we’ll get some of your things and you can stay with me?” He wiped a stray tear away with his thumb. “I know I could use the company.”
Sawyer drove her home and she hardened her resolve before walking inside. She went straight to her room and packed a bag quickly and mechanically. She poured all of her focus into what she was doing, resisting the urge to climb into the bed and smell her husband on the sheets. As she was leaving, she saw the bullet necklace Ben had given her for their third anniversary hanging from the mirror. She grabbed it and shoved it into her pocket before bolting from the room.
She wore the necklace two days later at the memorial where Ben was buried with full military honors. She kept one hand firmly wrapped around the pendant while the other gripped Sawyer’s hand with what was probably an aching tightness, although he never complained. She felt Chase’s eyes following her all through the day, from the service to the internment to the excruciatingly long reception. She was glad he was giving her space. The last thing she wanted to deal with right now was Chase with a fully-restored memory. She wasn’t ready to confront the images that had seared her mind when he touched her in that warehouse.
The reception was held at her house, but with all the people there, it didn’t seem like the house she’d shared with Ben. She spent most of the day sitting stone-faced on the couch in the living room, letting the guests express their condolences. Ben’s mother had cried on Asiah’s shoulder for a solid ten minutes, but Asiah told herself she would not break down in front of all these people. She couldn’t look Ben’s brother, Harper, in the eye because he had the same chocolate eyes as her late husband. Sawyer sat next to her most of the day, holding her hand and keeping her grounded. At one point, he got up at to fetch Asiah a glass of water and she was alone for a moment.
A glass of amber liquid appeared in front of her face, and she looked past it into Chase’s somber, gray eyes. “Take it, love. You look like you could use it.”
She gingerly accepted the glass and sipped it. The Connemara tasted wonderful. “Thank you.” He sat beside her on the couch in silence for a few minutes. His nearness was unnerving and strangely comforting at the same time. She didn’t know what to say to him. She thought she knew this man, but after reliving all of his memories in a flash, he seemed like a completely different person. She forced herself to keep the conversation light. “You haven’t called me love since before your …” She trailed off, unwilling to say the word “death.”
“That wasn’t me before. It was my face, but not my mind. I was harsh with you.” His voice was different now, more refined and cultured, yet still foreign to her.
She waved her hand dismissively, letting the alcohol dull her senses. “Don’t mention it. I knew you’d never say those things.” At least the man I thought I knew wouldn’t.
“Not to you. Never to you.” He covered her hand on her knee with his and she sucked in a breath at the electric sensation. It vibrated with the same intensity as when they first met in Chicago and she gently extracted her hand.
“I’m sorry. It’s still strange for me to feel that … sensation.”
He withdrew his hand from her knee. “He spoke to me, you know. Ben.”
She gave him a questioning look. “When?”
“Just before he leapt in front of that lightning bolt. He told me what to do, how to get you out. He gave his life for you. For both of us.”
Ben had to have known that Chase’s memory would be restored if he touched Asiah, and it didn’t bother him because he knew he was about to die. She clenched her teeth against the tears that threatened to fall. 
She was rescued by Sawyer.
“Do you really think she should be drinking right now?” Sawyer said to Chase in a low, accusatory tone.
Chase stood, vacating his seat for Sawyer. “It’s one drink. It won’t kill her.”
Sawyer gave Chase a cool glare and Asiah realized that Sawyer probably blamed him for Ben’s death. “Why don’t you let me worry about what she needs?” he said scathingly.
Chase gave Asiah a wistful smile. “When you’re ready to talk, love, you know where to find me.” He squeezed her shoulder as he turned away. Sawyer pulled the nearly-empty glass from her fingers.
“Are you alright?” he asked, tipping her chin up to look in her eyes.
It had been the longest day of her life. “I want to get out of here,” she admitted.
“Alright, let’s go.” He kissed her temple and helped her stand. They’d taken only a few steps when Senator Gary Rondell accosted them. “What do you want?” Sawyer asked icily, not bothering to hide his contempt.
“Only to offer my condolences to the widow,” he said casting Asiah an ingratiating smile. “And to let her know that my family has finally been reunited.” He sighed dramatically. “It’s a shame how often we take our loved ones for granted.”
Sawyer released Asiah and got in Rondell’s face. “You have ten seconds to leave this house, Rondell,” he said in a warning tone, “or you will be removed.” He glanced up at Dietrich, who was hovering nearby, his muscular frame barely contained in his black suit.
“I’m here to pay my respects!” The Senator blustered.
Dietrich took Rondell’s arm. “Consider them paid, Senator.” He steered Rondell out the front door.
Asiah knew it looked terrible to throw a United States Senator out of her house in front of many of the social and political elite in the D.C. area, but she didn’t care. The room had gone deathly silent and all eyes were on her. Gathering up what dignity she could muster, she stalked from the house to the garage where Sawyer’s Mustang was parked. He arrived a moment later and drove her back to his loft without a word. She was shaking visibly when he unlocked the door and she couldn’t even unbutton her jacket.
“Hey … hey,” Sawyer said in soothing tones as he pulled her into his arms. “Relax. They’re gone now. It’s just you and me.”
She rested her head against his shoulder and willed her breathing to slow. He tilted her chin up a moment later.
“You okay?” he asked.
She dropped her eyes to his lips and on impulse, pressed her mouth to his. He jumped slightly, but let her kiss him and even kissed her back gently.
After a moment he pulled back, his eyes full of concern. “Asiah, what are you doing?”
What was she doing? Her husband had only been gone a few days. But she’d felt so alone and empty that she needed something, anything to remind her that she was still alive. After her parents’ death Chase had been there to comfort her. She shook her head in confusion. This wasn’t the answer to her grief. “I don’t know, I’m sorry. I feel so lost.”
He pulled her close again. “Don’t apologize. And don’t feel lost. We’ll get through this together.”
“Thank you,” she sniffled. “I don’t know what I would do without you.”

***

1484 
Barcelona, Spain
Chase lifted an eyebrow at the diminutive man scratching his bald head next to him. His torturer tried the lever again that was supposed to stretch Chase’s body on the device the Spanish called el potro. The man didn’t realize that Chase had disengaged the lever with his mind so the machine no longer worked.
The man stormed off, muttering in Spanish. Chase lifted his head and waited until the man had gone before snapping the ropes binding his wrists and ankles and climbing down from the rack. He snatched his discarded tunic from the dirt floor of the dungeon and headed for the stairs. It was difficult for him to pass the dingy cells of others who had done nothing wrong but stand up for their own beliefs, especially when they called out to him in desperation, but he had come to this place for a purpose and would not be deterred.
He climbed up and up, headed for the inquisitor’s office, using his powers to evade the guards on his way. When he reached the door, he flattened his hand against it and sensed three people inside. Clearing his mind, he entered. The inquisitor sat at the head of a long table with an aide on either side, taking notes for him on rolls of parchment. He was a large man with thick black hair and a pointy black beard. He lifted his head at Chase’s entrance and narrowed his gleaming amber eyes at Chase. Topaz, Chase guessed, a power stone of moderate strength.
“Leave us,” the man said in Spanish to his aides. They scurried out, casting Chase curious glances. “I was wondering when you would come visit me,” he said to Chase, switching to English.
“It’s nice to be expected,” Chase replied, taking in his surroundings and keeping an eye out for the scroll.
“You must be looking for this,” the inquisitor said, pulling a glass tube encased in bronze scrollwork from the folds of his voluminous robes. “And this.” He nodded to Chase’s dagger on the table. “Or why else would you have let yourself be captured by the Inquisition?”
Chase shrugged. “It was simpler than asking for an audience … Malthus.”
“Which I would have gladly granted, had you asked.” Malthus smirked. “You are not the only one who knows things, Brandon. I recognize your dagger. They say you were trained by the Cleric himself.”
“Indeed.”
“I suppose you think that makes you worthy to be the Supreme Conjurer?”
“I have made no such claim.”
Malthus snorted. “Then you aren’t here to retrieve the Ikhälean Shade’s Scroll and kill me?”
“On the contrary.”
The inquisitor didn’t flinch. “Then you intend to become the Supreme Conjurer.”
“Yes. But I never said I was worthy.” Chase threw a bolt of green lightning so fast that Malthus didn’t have time to block it and was knocked out of his chair. Chase summoned his dagger to his hand as the other Conjurer stood shakily.
“It will do you no good. The scroll is blank,” Malthus laughed weakly.
“No,” Chase said, and hit him with another bolt, slamming him against the stone wall. “You just can’t read the writing. Only she can.”
Malthus attempted to return the lightning, but it was weak, and Chase absorbed it easily. Malthus slid down the wall. “The Shade?” he whispered. “She is but a myth.”
“She is real. And I will find her.” Chase struck him with a final bolt, rendering Malthus unconscious. He went to where the man sat slumped against the wall and pulled his hands from beneath his robes. He unfastened the two topaz bracelets from his wrists and dropped them into his own pocket. He collected the scroll and opened the door. Malthus’ two aides waited outside with faces as white as the papal robes.
“The inquisitor is guilty of practicing witchcraft,” he said to them. “Fetch the magistrate and see that he is properly sentenced.”







Chapter Eleven

A month later, Chase paced Asiah’s office impatiently, hoping she’d return from lunch soon. Today was the day they would insert his power stone for the first time since he’d come back from the dead. Chase had been pushing Asiah to help him do it for the past month in case Marysa returned. He knew Asiah would need his help when that time came, but she said wanted to wait until they were in a controlled environment in case something went wrong. He didn’t think anything could go wrong, but then again, people weren’t supposed to come back from the dead, either. Marysa hadn’t resurfaced yet, and Chase had to be prepared for the woman to come for him again, eager to wreak her vengeance on Asiah. He knew Asiah had erected electromagnetic barriers around Sapphire to protect herself from Marysa like the ones he had put around his cottage during Asiah’s training, but considering her distraught state recently, he didn’t know how strong they were.
He’d barely seen Asiah in the last month. She’d thrown herself into her work and spent almost every waking hour in her office or on assignment in the field. He was pretty sure she’d slept in her office a few times as well. Chase rose early to work each day and Asiah was already in her office and remained there long after Chase had called it a day.
Everyone knew Asiah had been staying with Jacks while she was grieving, and Chase could only hope she hadn’t given herself to the man as well. He gritted his teeth when he thought about the way the two looked at each other around the office. He didn’t want to read her mind, but he was sorely tempted. He knew it was morbid and selfish, but he couldn’t help but think that now that her husband was out of the picture she’d give him another chance.
Asiah had put him off for weeks, claiming that she was too busy now that she had to take on all of her husband’s duties in addition to her own. Chase sensed there was something else wrong, though. He didn’t yet know how she felt about the things she’d seen in his memories. No doubt it had been as overwhelming for her as it had been for him, and she had her husband’s death to deal with as well. Chase felt that he’d given her enough time to sort out her feelings and finally, after weeks of asking, she had promised Chase an entire afternoon.
When he wasn’t worrying about Asiah, Chase tried to mend his relationship with Meri. He couldn’t believe he’d made such a colossal mistake. Now that he had his memory back, he knew he never would have touched her, no matter how much she’d wanted him to. She looked like Asiah in almost every way, but she was no substitute and he was wrong to use her that way. She hadn’t spoken to him, even while she treated his wounds after what had happened in Moscow, until recently when he cornered her in her lab and made her listen to his apology. Thankfully, she’d granted his request for forgiveness, but still remained aloof and distant. There were a few rooms at Sapphire that were used for witness protection, and Chase had been staying there instead of with Meri, taking advantage of Asiah’s protective barriers.
He helped out around the firm doing odd jobs for various departments, biding his time until Asiah came out of her cave of self-pity. He stayed away from Meri’s lab, giving her plenty of space and instead spent some time at the shooting range with Agent Dietrich, learning how to use modern handguns. He liked Dietrich, and found him to be the only one around the office these days who gave Chase the time of day. Chase taught the former Army Ranger about knife-throwing, which had become a lost art in the 21st century. The two spent time together off the clock as well, as Dietrich was unmarried. They’d had drinks a few times, “scouting the womenfolk” as Dietrich called it, but when the women he was interested in gravitated toward Chase instead, they spent more time at Dietrich’s apartment watching movies. Chase didn’t mean to monopolize the ladies’ attention, especially when he only had one woman on his mind, but Dietrich didn’t hold it against him. Instead, he joked that he needed to find a better wingman, whatever that meant.
Having spent the first two months back on Earth without his powers following a 75-year prison sentence without them, Chase had become used to living like a regular person. He found, though, on the rare occasions he saw Asiah that he missed having them, if only to have something that brought him closer to her. Every time he saw her, he physically had to restrain himself from sweeping her up and absconding with her to a remote island where he could have her all to himself. Death had been cruel, but this life where he watched her from a distance, never touching her, and watching another man drive her home at night was almost worse.
At least in his prison he could imagine that she still cared for him. Here, he knew there was something hanging in limbo between them, but she was afraid to acknowledge it. Chase intended to confront her about, and soon. She’d saved him from a fate worse than death, and then ignored him ever since. It was more than his heart could take.
He’d just dropped wearily onto her ivory leather couch when she entered her office with Jacks in tow. Chase liked the way Asiah dressed now. It wasn’t the hand-me-down trousers and oversized shirts he remembered her wearing during their training, but sleek business suits and dresses in vibrant jewel tones that accentuated her perfect figure. Today she wore a black pencil skirt and blazer over en emerald green blouse that hugged her curves beautifully. Most of the time she wore sensible shoes, but lately Chase had noticed that she wore high heels more often than not. Her chestnut hair was pulled up into a chignon, showing off her graceful neck. As usual, Chase had to stop himself from staring at her.
“Chomping at the bit, I see,” she said to Chase with a tight smile.
He stood with a shrug and shoved his hands in his pockets. “I’ve only been waiting 75 years and two months for this day.”
Guilt flashed across her features briefly. “Well, you won’t have to wait any longer.” She turned to Jacks. “See you later?” she said in a breathy tone that made Chase’s blood boil.
“Later,” Jacks responded, and took Asiah’s chin between his thumb and forefinger. He kissed her boldly and possessively, finishing with a defensive glare in Chase’s direction.
Chase rolled his eyes as the man stalked out, leaving them alone. 
Asiah was bright red with embarrassment. “I-I’m sorry. I don’t know why he did that,” she stammered.
“I do,” Chase said dryly. “What are you doing with that guy anyway?”
Asiah crossed her arms and regarded him coolly. “What business is it of yours?”
“None, apparently,” Chase sighed.
She led him down to what she called the “Scialytic Chamber,” and handed him a pair of trousers made of a white, shimmery material. “Put these on and meet me inside,” she said curtly.
He shook his head as he watched her disappear into the women’s locker room. He needed to break down the walls she’d built around herself since his return. If he never got the chance to see her smile at him again he thought he might go mad.
The white trousers were comfortable despite the strange material, but he felt very exposed wearing only the trousers in the chamber with Asiah. Her clothing didn’t cover much more. Dietrich had told him that the energy flowed better in the room through certain materials, including the one these clothes were made from. She wore a tank top and tight shorts made of the shimmery white stuff.
When Chase entered, he was pleased to see her gaze linger on his bare chest for a second longer than was appropriate. He felt a little better about what he wanted to ask her.
Before he had a chance, though, she held out her hand and dropped two silver rings into his palm.
“My bracelets,” he said, amazed. “You kept them?”
She waved a hand dismissively. “I kept all your stuff.”
He looked at her, trying to see past her shields. “I didn’t know that.”
“Now you do. Are you going to put them on?” she asked impatiently.
He opened one and started to put it on, then stopped. “No. Not yet. Because once I put these on, you have no reason to stay and you’ll just run away from me again.”
She raised her eyebrows and crossed her arms. “Why do you say that?”
Her attitude was starting to get under his skin. “Because that’s all you ever do anymore! I appreciate that you saved me from that horrible prison, but all you’ve done since I’ve been back is ignore me. Tell me why, Asiah.” He struggled to keep his voice from shaking.
She looked away, uncomfortable. “Things are different now,” was all she said.
“Not for me,” he said softly. “I’ve done nothing for the last 75 years but think about you. I knew the chances of ever seeing you again were all but non-existent, but I didn’t give up hope. When you rescued me, and I remembered everything again, I thought I’d never been happier. But now … You won’t even look me in the eye. It’s worse than being trapped in that maze.”
Shame flickered in her eyes for an instant, then vanished as her blue eyes ignited. “You told me you didn’t want me to pine for you! That you wanted me to love another!”
“Yes, I did, and I’m perfectly happy to let you love another if you can tell me why you won’t speak to or look at me the way you used to.”
“You know why,” she said evasively. “The things you did …” She trailed off, looking miserable.
He took a tentative step forward and ran his fingers down her arms, delighting in the spark of her skin. “I won’t deny that I’ve done some terrible things in my life. It kills me that you had to see everything the way you did.”
She backed up a step, away from his touch. “It doesn’t matter.”
He stepped forward again and tilted her chin up, forcing her to meet his gaze. “Obviously it does. Do you want to talk about it?”
“No.”
“Is my past the only reason you’ve been avoiding me?”
“Yes … no. I don’t know. It was so … dark.” She shivered despite the warm temperature in the chamber.
“I can’t contradict you on that. But those days are behind me. I did what had to be done to find you.”
“You killed innocents.”
No one had ever come right out and said it that way before. Leave it to Asiah to throw it in his face. He couldn’t blame her; she was hurting too much. “It had to be done,” he said quietly.
She crossed her arms and turned away. “I know, but—”
“It still bothers you. I would think less of you if it didn’t.”
She squeezed her eyes shut. “I wish that was what bothers me the most, but it’s not,” she whispered, barely controlling her voice.
He couldn’t think what could be bothering her more than the fact he’d led men, women and children to their deaths countless times. “Tell me, love.”
She shook her head vehemently, unable to speak.
He pulled her into his arms and she didn’t resist. He could feel her shaking, yet she didn’t cry. “I think I know,” he said, running his fingers through her hair.
She looked up at him in alarm and backed out of his arms. “You must despise me.”
“I could never despise you.”
She looked at him bleakly. “I still love you,” she whispered. “Despite everything I saw that you did. I’m so wretched.”
He chuckled softly. “Never, love. How can I despise you for loving me when you don’t despise me for what I did?”
“I didn’t say that. I don’t even want to be in love with you!”
He decided not to read too much into that statement. “We don’t always get to choose.”
“That’s the truth.” She sighed and met his eyes. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that the way it sounded.”
He cracked a smile. “Is it so bad? Loving me? You did once before.”
She looked so lost. “That was before … so much killing. In the wars, and the children …”
He put his hands on her shoulders. “Asiah, look at me. I regret that people had to die to bring us together. But if I could go back, I wouldn’t change a thing because I might never have found you otherwise. You knew this about me before my death, why does it change the way you feel about me now?”
She shook her head. “When your memory came back, I could feel everything you felt. Like I was inside your mind. It was terrifying how easily you gave those people up to die. You felt nothing.”
“I had to feel nothing. If I let myself think about the horrible things I was doing, I would never have survived long enough to find you. Do you see, Asiah? I had to pretend those people meant nothing to me.”
“How could you be so cold?” she asked, her voice breaking. “And then be so tender with me? If you felt nothing for those people’s lives, how can I ever trust your feelings toward me?”
He cupped her face in his hands. “This is real. Trust this.” He covered her mouth with his, kissing her with all the love he’d saved for her and only her. Her knees buckled and he backed her against the wall, pressing himself against her and wishing he could make love to her right then and there and make her believe that he could never love another the way he loved her. 
He was vaguely aware that the lights in the room were flickering as she threaded her hands into his hair. She arched against him as she moaned against his mouth. No matter how much she’d claimed to hate herself for it, her feelings for him were apparent in the surrender of her mouth and her body, over which Chase now slid his hands, reveling in the way her skin danced with the magical charge between them. His fingers tugged at her meager clothing, itching to tear it from her body.
He was quickly approaching the point of no return and tore his mouth from hers with a gargantuan effort. He leaned his forehead against hers, breathing heavily. The flickering stopped.
“I can’t do this,” she said brokenly. “Please, Chase, let me go.”
He held her in place firmly. “Not until you say you trust me.”
“Chase—”
“Say it!” he whispered urgently. “Or I’ll go. Someplace far away where I won’t bother you. Because I can’t live knowing you loathe the thought of loving me.”
Tears slid down her cheeks and she laid her forehead against his shoulder, her resistance weakening. “Please don’t leave,” she whispered.
“Say the words.” His hands flexed on her waist as he struggled to maintain control.
She was quiet for a long time, but didn’t try to move away from him. “I trust you,” she whispered finally.
He believed her, but they still had a lot of ground to make up. At least this felt like a start. He stepped away from her finally. “What about Jacks?” Chase said. He had to know her feelings for the man.
Asiah sighed. “I think he’s in love with me.”
“And how do you feel about him?”
“I don’t know. Love is strange. I didn’t love Ben the same way I loved you, and the way I feel about Sawyer is different, too. But it’s not love.”
Chase tried not to dwell on the fact that she said she “loved” him in the past tense. “He’s a comfort to you.”
“When Ben died, it was almost worse than when I lost you, because I never thought it would happen to me again. I don’t love Sawyer because I won’t let myself love again. Not when I always lose so much.”
“You said you still love me,” he said, daring her to deny it. “And I will never leave you again. Not even death can keep us apart, right?”
She slid out from between him and the wall. “Listen, you and I, well, it might take some time before I’m ready to consider that. What about Sawyer?”
Chase shrugged. “Leave him.”
Asiah gave a humorless chuckle. “It’s not that simple. I do have feelings for him, even if I don’t love him. I need some time to sort things out.”
He looked down at his hands. “Are you and he …?” He couldn’t finish.
“Sleeping together?” she asked, lifting an eyebrow.
He shifted uncomfortably. “If that’s what it’s called now, yes. Are you?”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but no, we’re not.”
Chase almost couldn’t contain his relief. “Oh.”
“What about you and Meri? I know that you two were almost …” She trailed off.
“I feel terrible about that. It was before I remembered who I was. I treated your sister in a most ungentlemanly way.”
She laughed. “You would put it that way. Yes, you were a class-A prick. But she’s not terribly upset with you anymore, in case you’re wondering. She understands what your motivation was, as much as it hurt her.”
Chase smiled. “The only true motivation in my entire life has only ever been you.”
She blushed in that sweet, innocent way he loved, but he could see uncertainty in her eyes. She walked briskly back to the center of the room. “How about you put those bracelets on?”

***

Chase snapped the bracelets on and Asiah braced herself. She wasn’t sure if his reincarnated body would take to the stones in the same way his old self did. She felt the energy in the room shift. When she was alone in the chamber, or with someone with no powers, the energy spiraled around her like a cyclone. When there were two in the room who could control the energy, it swirled around and between the two in a figure eight. It was a pleasant sensation, and it helped her forget the turmoil in her heart.
As the energy shifted, Chase sank to his knees with a groan and Asiah started to rush forward. He held up a hand indicating that he was alright, despite the fact that he looked like he was in intense pain. He braced his hands on his thighs and took some deep breaths before looking up at her. She was startled by his green eyes even though she’d expected to see them. The look he gave her was so intense that she almost threw herself into his arms again. Oh, but it would be heaven. Since she’d brought him back, she’d known it would only be a matter of time until she gave in to her craving for him, his touch, and his kiss. It had been everything she’d dreamed it would be, too. She could feel his years of longing in every caress, and it made her want nothing more than to forget everything about her life here and run away with him to drown herself in his love. She wanted to care about the people he’d killed, to feel disgusted and push him away because of it, but she couldn’t. She had to force herself to focus on what was happening here, and push all thoughts of deserting with Chase aside.
He climbed unsteadily to his feet and examined his hands. “I’d nearly forgotten what this feels like,” he said, awestruck. “It’s been so long.”
“How do you feel?” she asked.
He fixed his olivine eyes on her intently. “Invincible. Like I can conquer anything.”
Absently, she pressed her hands against her stomach in an attempt to stop the fluttering sensation his words had created. “You are fairly invincible. We’ll just have to keep you away from Ikhälean blades.”
	He grinned and absently rubbed the star-shaped mark on his chest. “That we will, love.” His tone became serious. “We should talk about the Phantom Shade.”
“Yes,” she sighed. “But first, give your powers a spin.” She waved her hand in the air.
Chase nodded and moved to stand in the middle of the chamber. He closed his eyes and bowed his head in concentration. Bringing his hands together in front of his navel, he whispered something Asiah couldn’t quite make out. He extended his arms above his head and leaned his head back to look up. Green lightning shot from his fingertips and forked to the four corners of the ceiling high above with an electric crackle. The lights in the room flickered again as they had when he kissed her moments ago. She hadn’t known then why that was happening, but it made sense that the electromagnetic energy in the room had become unstable; she’d completely lost control of her senses for a moment. The bolts danced between his hands and the walls for a moment as he closed his eyes again. She could see his lips moving as he mouthed another silent incantation. All at once, he drew back, the lightning vanished, and the room became silent as a tomb. He opened his eyes and graced her once again with his penetrating gaze. Why was it so much more intense when his power stones were in play?
 With forced composure she gestured toward the door. “We’ll talk about Marysa later, but I have something I want to show you first. I’ve been using a serum for the last few years that works fairly well in place of the stones, but I find it tedious to inject myself with it weekly. Meri has come up with a way to implant the stones permanently in our bones.”
“That’s interesting. I never thought to do that,” he said, following her into the ante-room.
“Get changed and I’ll show you.” It would be much easier to discuss important matters with him if he were wearing more than a pair of wispy white pants.
Meri wasn’t in her lab, for which Asiah was grateful. After much prodding and a significant amount of wine, her sister had told her about what happened with Chase, and Asiah was secretly flattered while also feeling outraged on Meri’s behalf. Behind the flattery she felt insanely jealous that her sister had now been with Chase the same number of times she had. She knew things had been strained between Meri and Chase since then and Asiah couldn’t deny that her relationship with her sister had changed as well.
Asiah went to a cabinet and pulled out two metal boxes, each about a foot long. She opened the lids revealing a row of gemstones in hematite vehicles in each box. One box contained sapphires and the other peridots.
“May I?” Chase asked.
Asiah nodded and he picked up one of the peridot implants. The hematite vehicle was hourglass-shaped with a stone inserted at either end. There were 24 implants of varying sizes in each box: one for each spinal process in the human vertebral column, excluding the sacrum.
“You had a set made for me,” he said quietly.
“I promise I wasn’t ignoring you,” she said. “I just couldn’t face the fact that I still wanted you when, well, it doesn’t matter now.”
He brushed a stand of hair from her forehead, tucking it behind her ear in the same way he used to do. “It matters to me. I was beginning to think you’d never speak to me again.”
She smiled. “You’d never let me get away with that.”
“Right you are, love.” He trailed his fingers down her jaw and lowered his head.
Asiah heard the door to the lab open and stepped back. She turned to see Meri assessing the two of them with a frosty expression.
“I see you’ve got him all juiced up again,” Meri said, with a brief glare in Chase’s direction.
“Yep,” Asiah confirmed. “We’re ready for the procedure when your schedule permits.”
“Next week should be fine,” Meri said. “Do you think I could speak to Chase alone for a moment?”
Asiah noted the surprise on Chase’s face as she nodded. “Sure.”
“Can I come see you afterwards?” Chase asked as she turned to go.
She glanced at Meri briefly, then smiled at Chase. “You know where to find me.”

***

Meri watched her sister glide out of the lab like she didn’t have a care in the world. Something had obviously changed between Asiah and Chase. She had been avoiding him at all costs for the past month and now she looked at him the way she used to, before he died. Like she had fallen for him all over again.
That’s just perfect, Meri thought. Asiah finds absolute happiness while she herself gets left behind with no one. Everyone loved her perfect sister, and no one loved Meri. She’d thought for a moment that Chase had feelings for her, back before his memory had been restored, but then he’d whispered Asiah’s name after he’d made such sweet love to her. Her heart still hadn’t fully healed. She’d almost thought she was falling in love with him.
“What is it you’d like to speak to me about?” Chase asked, turning his green eyes on her.
She looked down to avoid his intense gaze. Why must he look at her like he could see into her soul? “Before I tell you what I have to say, I just want you to know that I don’t expect anything from you. You are under no obligation to me whatsoever, alright?”
Chase raised an eyebrow in confusion. “Alright.”
She took a deep breath, suddenly anxious. She’d never had to do this before. “Chase, I’m pregnant.”
It was almost comical how fast the emotions flitted across his features. First it was confusion, followed by shock, then realization. “Meri, I—”
She held up her hand. “You don’t have to say anything. I just thought you should know. I’m keeping the baby, but as I said before, you don’t have to be involved. I mean, you can be, if you want. You just don’t have to be.”
His brow furrowed for a moment, then he surprised her by taking her hand. “Meri, I would never leave you to do this alone. The child is my responsibility as well, and I want to help you raise it.”
Meri’s mouth fell open in shock. It was the last thing she’d expected. “But what about Asiah? Aren’t the two of you …?”
Chase looked away for a moment as a sad look came over his face. “No, we’re not.”
Meri frowned. “Don’t do this out of some misplaced sense of gallantry, Chase.”
The sad look faded and he placed his hand on her belly. “I’m not. I want to do this.” He paused, looking thoughtful. “I’ve often thought about having a child.”
She gave him a doubtful look. “Really?”
“Yes. I admit this isn’t how I thought it would happen, but I can’t think of a better mother than you, Meri.”
She couldn’t stop herself. “Not even Asiah?”
He chuckled. “Asiah has to save the world. She doesn’t have time for children.”
“Alright,” she agreed. “Let’s keep this between you and me for now, okay?”
He raised an eyebrow. “Your psychic sister is bound to figure it out sooner or later.”
She shrugged. “Yes, but let’s not hurry the process along. I have a feeling she won’t take it well.”
That sad, haunted look flashed in Chase’s eyes again. “No … she won’t.”







Chapter Twelve

1692 
Salem, Massachusetts
Chase swung his feet to the floor and sat up on the rough bed. He braced his elbows on his knees and ran his hands through his long hair. He made a mental note to ask the innkeeper for some shears later. It had been far too long since he’d cut his hair. It hung well below his shoulders and got in his way more than was tolerable. After tying it back with a strip of leather, he rubbed his eyes and stood up, walking to the small window in the room. Peering out, he saw the first pink rays of sun creeping over the horizon across the harbor. He hadn’t slept well; he never did when someone was about to die because of him.
After rounding up the majority of Conjurers around the world for the past 500 years, he had spent that last several months in Salem, watching as the local magistrates tried and executed several girls and women accused of witchcraft. Until this morning, none of the women accused had any sort of supernatural powers. Chase had found Caroline Beecher keeping a low profile in Andover while other girls were being killed for the things she was doing. She wasn’t evil, just careless and naïve, and it was the most difficult thing Chase had ever done when he confiscated her rudimentary power bracelet and delivered her to the magistrate. He oversaw her incarceration himself, using his power to secure her in her cell and reinforce the ropes that bound her. Without her power stone she was weakened, but not ineffective. In very rare cases, Conjurers could still draw power without the aid of a stone. Caroline Beecher was one of those cases.
After dressing in his tunic and breeches, he pulled on his worn leather boots and went downstairs to break his fast. He nodded at the innkeeper’s wife as she bustled over to his table with a mug in one hand and a kettle in the other. She poured his tea and gave him a warm smile. She had been especially friendly to him when her husband wasn’t around, which annoyed Chase. He didn’t let on, though, as he never went hungry or saw the bottom of his cup. After some bread and cheese and a cup of tea to ward off the morning chill, he wandered down to the town square, milling about for a while as the crowd gathered around the gallows. There was only to be one hanging today, the girl of 14.
Her eyes were downcast as they led her into the square. Chase narrowed his gaze on her to check the integrity of her bonds from a distance. From what he could sense, they were holding. Suddenly, her head shot up and she fixed her violet eyes on him with an icy glare. He returned her glare, his mouth set in grim determination. He felt her trying to pull at him, to hurt him in some way with her mind, but her power was too weak and she stumbled under the effort. The hangman settled the rope around her neck once she stepped onto the wooden platform and she looked at him again, this time with a pleading gaze.
Chase shook his head, just enough that she could see, and whispered into her mind: I’m sorry, child. Her eyes went wide in despair just as the trapdoor gave way. He didn’t look away as her neck snapped, and he was thankful it had been quick. He glanced down at his hands to see they were curled into fists. The horror of this place was getting to him, but his work here was finished. Caroline had been the only Conjurer in this area. He didn’t want to stay and watch any more innocents die. If there was something he could do, he would, but he knew that he should not challenge authority or draw attention to himself. After everything he’d seen in his life, that was always the hardest part: not being able to help those in need.
He sighed and turned away from the square. Perhaps he would go north. There was a war on, as there always was somewhere, and he needed to get his aggression out in some way. He was certain that William and Mary would appreciate his efforts on the battlefield, even if they never knew who he was. The sooner he could get the image of the hanging girl out of his head, the better.

***

Chase didn’t go to Asiah’s office as he had promised after his conversation with Meri. Instead, he sat in the café at Sapphire, hunched over a cup of tea, rubbing his temples. Things are different now. Asiah had said it, and now he knew just exactly how true her words were. He knew after their reunion in the Scialytic Chamber that she was ready to accept her feelings for him again, but now that he was about to have a child with Meri, he had no idea how Asiah would take the news. She already thought he was a poor excuse for a human being for his role in the other Conjurers’ deaths, so what would she think of him now? Would she praise him for doing the right thing or curse him for abandoning her again? He didn’t know how to tell her that he couldn’t let Meri raise the child alone, and he knew that Meri would be heartbroken if he resumed his relationship with Asiah while raising a child with her sister. At least Asiah still had Jacks. That is, until she left him for Chase.
He stood up wearily. Even if Asiah didn’t love Jacks, he couldn’t let her leave him when there was no chance of starting a relationship up again with Chase. On one hand, he had to break Meri’s heart and on the other, Asiah’s. He’d already broken Meri’s heart once in the last two months. Asiah was uncertain of him after she’d seen his memories, but he thought she might be able to handle it better. This was the worst position for a man to be in, he decided, caught between two sisters. He knew there was a good chance that this could ruin their relationship with each other as well. What a mess I’ve made of things, he thought miserably.
He tossed his paper cup in the trash on the way out of the café and headed for the shooting range. He needed some more time to think and had found that target practice was a good way to clear his mind. He thought this ironic, since so much of his life had been devoted to the study of knives and other blades. He stopped by the room in which he’d been staying and changed into his tactical gear. He still wasn’t used to the way the stretchy shirt clung to his body tightly, but he had noticed that it garnered appreciative stares from the female employees at Sapphire whenever he wore it, including Asiah.
In the armory, he selected a nine millimeter and took a few extra magazines as he headed out to the range. There was one other person at the other end of the range and Chase saw to his dismay that it was Agent Jacks. Jacks spent a lot of time at the range testing various weapons and Chase cursed himself for forgetting that fact. Jacks was at the far end of the range and Chase put several lanes in between himself and the man to avoid any confrontation.
Firing a gun was a little easier with his power stones in place, and he found it was ridiculously easy to correct his aim and hit the target dead center each time. Asiah had learned how to stop bullets midair, which was impressive, and Chase thought he might be able to do the same with enough practice. After going through 10 magazines and killing about 30 minutes, Chase removed his ear protection and reeled in his latest target.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say your magic bracelets make you a better shot,” said a drawling voice behind him.
Chase groaned inwardly. He was in no mood to spar with Sawyer Jacks today. He knew the man blamed him for Torricelli’s death, and had treated him with cool disdain ever since. Carefully ensuring the safety was engaged on his gun, Chase set it down and turned to face Jacks. “It certainly doesn’t hurt,” he said.
“Well, I’m sure you can use all the help you can get,” Jacks said with a sneer. “You know, Asiah can stop bullets. I wonder if you can do that?”
Keeping his expression passive, Chase spread his arms and called Jacks’ bluff. “Why don’t we find out?”
As expected, Jacks backed off. “Some other time, maybe. Asiah would be a little miffed if I killed you.”
Chase cocked an eyebrow at him. “Miffed doesn’t begin to describe how she’d feel.”
Jacks laughed humorlessly and dragged his finger along the grip of his holstered weapon. “You’d know, would you? Seems to me she couldn’t be too upset with me if I avenged her husband’s death.”
Chase couldn’t believe the nerve of the man. To harbor resentment against him for Torricelli’s death was one thing, but to openly accuse him was quite another. “Be careful, Jacks. That’s not a road you want to go down.” Chase’s tone held a dangerous edge.
Jacks crossed his arms. “No, I suppose not. As long as you’ve got your fancy jewelry on, anyway.”
He was deliberately taunting him, and Chase had had enough. He tore off his bracelets and let them fall to the floor, clattering loudly in the otherwise silent range. He fixed Jacks with a steely glare. “You were saying?”
Jacks chuckled arrogantly. “What are you going to do? Beat me up and steal my woman? Can’t you see I’ve already won?”
Chase gritted his teeth. “She’s not a prize to be won.”
“She is to me. Are you going to hit me or what? I’d love to see what she has to say about that.”
“You would make idle threats and then hide behind her. And it wouldn’t be a fair fight, anyway.”
“You’re right. I’m a highly trained operative and you haven’t thrown a punch in at least 75 years. I’d take you apart.”
Chase stepped forward so Jacks had to look up at him. “Try.”
Jacks backed up a step, laughing in that overconfident way that made Chase want to throttle him even more. “Alright, tomorrow. In front of witnesses. Be at the gym at nine, and leave your bangles at home. Make sure you get your affairs in order, Brandon.” With a last haughty look, he turned and strode from the range.

***

Asiah paced her office, waiting for Chase.  It was hard to believe that only a short while ago she was trying to avoid seeing him altogether. Her life had been such a roller coaster lately. Ben’s death had hit her hard, but having Sawyer for support had helped immensely. She’d known she couldn’t face Chase right away. She was too distraught, and she didn’t want her reunion with him to be under such dismal circumstances, especially now that she’d seen into his head. She hadn’t planned on Sawyer’s comfort becoming something more, either. Every night since she’d stayed with him she slept in his bed, but it was nothing more than a comforting embrace in the beginning. She couldn’t sleep alone and Sawyer’s presence helped keep the nightmares at bay. It was only about a week ago when he’d turned her in his arms and kissed her with such fierce tenderness that she couldn’t resist. Even so, she refused to give herself to him. That was something she told herself she would not share with anyone else ever again. No one else needed to die because of their association with her.
She sensed that Sawyer had fallen in love with her, even though he had never spoken the words. She also felt terrible that she so easily melted under his touch, but couldn’t feel anything more than friendly affection for him. After the way Chase kissed her today, she knew there would never be anything more than friendship between her and Sawyer. Previously denying that she was still in love with Chase even to herself, she knew it was useless to do so now. She hated herself for it, but she decided she would learn to deal with his past. After all, she’d loved him from the moment he cast his captivating green gaze on her that day in the street in front of his shop. And now that he was back in her life, she couldn’t ignore her feelings any longer. She ached for him, even now as she checked the clock on her desk for the fiftieth time.
It was almost six. What did he and Meri have to discuss that could have taken this long? She’d waited decades to have Chase back in her life, to have him hold her and love her the way he did before, and now he was making her wait even longer. She picked up her cell phone and dialed his. It went straight to voicemail, the inbox for which still hadn’t been set up. She smiled to herself. Chase was still having trouble adjusting to 21st-century technology. She tried Meri’s phone next. Her sister also did not answer. With a sigh, she assumed they had gotten caught up in their conversation and Chase had forgotten that he was going to talk to Asiah afterwards. She went to the closet in the corner and retrieved her jacket and headed down to the garage. She was a little worried that Chase and Meri were taking so long because they had decided to resume their relationship. No, she thought, he would never do that to me. Not after what happened today. 
Asiah got into her Audi and drove to Sawyer’s loft. She knew the day would come when she had to tell him goodbye. If she was smart, she would have done it weeks ago, before their relationship had become physical.
He was sitting at the table when she entered, staring at a half-empty beer bottle on the table in front of him. He raised his eyes to hers when she entered and she could see worry reflected in them. Maybe tonight wasn’t the best night to tell him she wanted to move out.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, taking a seat across from him.
“Your old boyfriend challenged me to a fight.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Chase? Why?”
Sawyer shrugged. “I may have told him that I think he’s responsible for Ben’s death.”
Her mouth fell open. “What? Why would you ever say such a thing?”
He gave her a hard look. “He didn’t have to die, Asiah. They could have just as easily switched roles. Brandon is supposed to be dead, remember? Ben could have gotten you out of there on his own.”
She pushed the painful memory of that night aside and took Sawyer’s hand. “No, Sawyer, he couldn’t have. Not in the way Chase could. It’s true that there may have been a way out without him having to die, but he made his choice and saved us instead.”
Sawyer shoved back from the table and began to pace. “How can you say that? You sound like you wanted him to die. So you could be with Brandon.”
She stood up and glared at him. “How dare you? I loved Ben more than life itself. He died for me because I was sitting in a chair, bleeding into a bucket to save his life. I was willing to give up my life and my purpose for him, and you have the nerve to say that I wanted him dead? What the hell is wrong with you?”
Sawyer stopped pacing and took her by the shoulders. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. That was out of line. That fact that Brandon lived and Ben died just doesn’t sit well with me.”
“So you’re going to fight him over it? Do you have any idea what you’re getting yourself into?”
“I told him no superpowers. Do you really think he can take me without them?”
“Yes,” she said without hesitation. “Sawyer, the man’s fought in 17 wars! He’s seen more bloodshed than you can imagine.” She suppressed a shudder. “What makes you think you can beat him?”
“He’s always had his little bracelets, right? Without them, he’s just a regular guy.”
“No, he’s a sorcerer, and a damned powerful one. He channeled three people from Moscow to Baltimore just by borrowing my power. He didn’t have his power stones for that. You’re a regular guy.”
He stepped away from her with a scowl. “Thanks for your vote of confidence. I can see whose side you’re on.”
She raised her voice. “I’m not choosing a side! I’m trying to protect you from getting hurt.”
He scoffed. “Thanks, really, but I can take care of myself.”
She sighed and headed for the stairs. “I guess we’ll find out,” she muttered to herself.
That night, she told Sawyer she had an international call to make and that he should go to bed without her. He grudgingly agreed and by the time she slipped into bed next to him, he was fast asleep. She slept soundly without dreams as she had since Ben’s death. She hadn’t ventured into the Forest in her waking moments either. She was afraid of what or who she might find there. Maybe after she told Sawyer how she felt and got back to a normal routine, she could have Chase accompany her. For some reason, she thought she might feel safer if he were in the Forest with her.
Sawyer woke early and headed to Sapphire to warm up at the gym before the fight. Asiah followed later and arrived at the office shortly before nine. She ran into Chase, who was pacing outside her office in a pair of gym shorts and a hooded sweatshirt. Lana was shooting him surreptitious glances. Asiah shot her assistant a disapproving glare and held her door open for Chase.
“Go easy on Sawyer,” she said once the door was closed and they were alone. “He has no idea what he’s up against.”
Chase nodded grimly. “There’s something I need to tell you, love.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Okay. What is it?”
He frowned and began pacing again. “I don’t really know how to say this,” he began.
She glanced at the clock. “Well, you better figure it out. Sawyer’s waiting for you.”
He cursed and stopped in front of her. “Asiah, you need to know—”
A knock at the door interrupted him. “Brandon! I know you’re in there! Are we doing this or not?” Sawyer’s voice came through the door.
Asiah gave Chase an encouraging smile. “You can tell me afterwards, alright?”
“Alright,” he sighed, then surprised her by tugging her close and placing a soft kiss on her lips. He drew back and searched her face with an unreadable expression for a moment before he opened the door and left.
Sawyer quirked an eyebrow at her from the doorway to her office. She shrugged and followed him down to the gym.
Asiah had a chain-link octagon installed in the gym when many of her agents expressed an interest in mixed martial arts as part of their training. There wasn’t enough seating around the octagon for the small crowd that had gathered to watch the fight this morning, so most were standing behind the single bench that wound around the cage. Chris Dietrich slid over to make room for Asiah on the bench.
“This oughta be pretty good,” he said, leaning over.
She realized her heart was beating faster than normal. “If it even goes past the first round,” she replied.
Chase and Sawyer were both in the octagon, stretching and shadowboxing. Chase paused for a moment and walked to where he could speak to Asiah through the fence.
“Here, hold on to these for me.” He extended his hand through the fence and dropped his power bracelets into her palm. “Wish me luck,” he said with a wink. He stood up and returned to his corner.
Agent Dara Shapiro, the athletic brunette in charge physical training at Sapphire, stepped into the middle of the ring. She held up her hands for silence and the crowd quieted. “Let’s have a clean fight, gentleman. At your request, this is a five-round fight. Standard MMA rules apply. Obey my commands at all times. Are you ready?” She looked at each man in turn, and each nodded his assent. “Let’s fight!” Shapiro backed out of the way and the two men began to circle.
Asiah put a hand on her chest, hoping to slow her heart. The look in each man’s eyes was enough to terrify even the most seasoned fighter. She truly hoped neither man was seriously injured.
Dietrich noticed her distress. “You alright, boss? You’re looking a little pale.”
“Yes, fine, Dietrich, thank you.” She dropped her hand and gripped the bench instead.
Sawyer threw out some feelers, but nothing connected. Chase did the same and Asiah noted that he had a significant reach advantage even though he was only a couple inches taller than Sawyer. Sawyer landed a few leg kicks; just enough to make Chase angry. Chase responded by lashing out with a lightning-quick right hook. Sawyer took it on the jaw and went down. Chase could have gotten on top of him and finished the fight right then, but he didn’t. Instead, he waited for Sawyer to get up before throwing a left jab that just narrowly missed. 
With renewed vigor, Sawyer attempted several maneuvers, failing at each one. Chase knocked him down again and again until Asiah realized that they had been going at it for four and a half rounds. Sawyer’s face was well-bloodied, and Chase looked like he’d just barely begun to sweat. Asiah could see that Chase was toying with Sawyer, prolonging the humiliation. As the fifth and final round drew to a close, Chase shot forward, pinning Sawyer on his back. He easily flipped him over and secured his arm under Sawyer’s chin for a rear naked choke. He locked his long legs around Sawyer’s body and sank the choke in deeper.
“Submit,” Asiah heard Chase whisper.
“Never,” Sawyer rasped.
“You don’t deserve her.” Chase squeezed harder and Asiah saw Sawyer’s body go limp. 
Shapiro blew her whistle and Chase released him. He stood up and strode from the ring without a backward glance.

***

Chase splashed cold water on his face in the locker room in an attempt to cool the rage in his heart. He knew he had no right to be angry with Jacks. Chase was angry at himself and Jacks just happened to provide a handy outlet for his aggression. He was upset that Jacks was with Asiah and Chase was now saddled with a pregnant Meri. He tried with all his might not to resent her for getting pregnant, as it was his fault just as much as hers, but the fact that he had to give up a future with the only woman he’d ever loved to raise a child with her sister was still too much for him to handle. And the fact that Asiah had yet another reason to hate him was threatening to tear him apart.
He showered and dressed in a gray T-shirt and jeans, dreading the conversation he was about to have with Asiah. Meri had said that she wanted to wait to tell Asiah, but Chase couldn’t keep it to himself any longer. He planned to stop by Meri’s lab to tell her his intentions on his way up to the executive suite, but she saved him the trouble and was waiting for him in the hallway.
“Where are you going?” she asked suspiciously.
He hesitated, then sighed. “She needs to know, Meri.”
She hastily pulled him into a nearby interrogation room and closed the door. “Then let me tell her.”
He frowned. “She’ll be upset. I don’t want her to take any anger out on you. I’ll tell her.”
She shook her head. “No. She’s my sister and I know her better than you do. Let me finish,” she said, holding up her hand when he started to protest. “She needs to hear it from me. She will be upset, but I’m more equipped to deal with it than you are.”
He sighed in resignation. “Alright, but try not to make me out to be the villain.”
Meri raised her eyebrows. “Villain? If anything, she’ll see your choice to help me as heroic.”
“Somehow I doubt that,” he muttered, and held the door open for Meri.

***

Asiah was in her office, looking out the window at the storm clouds rolling in from the east when Meri came in.
“Oh, Meri! I was expecting someone else.”
“Yes well, Chase and I decided that I should be the one to talk to you.” Meri sounded entirely too serious and it made Asiah’s stomach knot.
She laughed nervously. “Those are some ominous words.” She walked to the sofa and sat down, crossing her legs.
Meri chose the chair across from her and looked directly into Asiah’s eyes. “Something has happened that may change things around here,” she began.
Asiah frowned. “What is it?”
Meri sighed and rubbed her hands over her face. “You know that I love you and I would never do anything to hurt you.”
	Asiah smiled shakily. “Of course I know. What’s this about, M?”
She took a deep breath. “I’m pregnant.”
Her sister’s eyebrows shot up in shock. “Oh … wow…”
Still holding Asiah’s gaze, she delivered the second blow. “Chase has agreed to raise the child with me.”
Confusion and pain slashed through Asiah. “I see.”
Meri dropped her eyes and rubbed her palms together. “I’m sorry. I never meant for this to happen.”
Asiah furrowed her brow for a moment and looked out the window again. “No, of course not.” She bit her lip to keep it from trembling. “I guess that’s how it has to be,” she said softly, her voice barely controlled. Her chest ached.
“Are you alright?” Meri asked tentatively.
Asiah steeled herself and forced her features into a semblance of happiness. “I’m better than alright! I’m going to be an aunt!” She crossed to Meri’s chair and pulled her up into an awkward hug.
Meri leaned back and assessed Asiah’s face. “Are you sure?”
“Yes! I couldn’t be happier for you two,” she said with false happiness.
“We’re not telling anyone yet, but we wanted you to know.”
“Thanks,” Asiah said, hoping she kept the sarcasm out of her tone.
“Well, see you later,” Meri said, and with one last calculating glance, strode from the office.
Asiah locked the door from where she stood and sank back onto sofa, fighting for control, but finally dissolving into body-wracking sobs. After everything that had happened yesterday, he was planning on raising a child with Meri. He was choosing obligation over love, and didn’t even have the nerve to tell Asiah himself. This is what Meri had to tell Chase yesterday and now he couldn’t face her, the coward. And Meri! If Asiah didn’t know better, she’d think her sister was gloating over the fact that she’d captured the man who taught Asiah how to love as her prize. Well, that was it. There would be no more love. The pain it brought was too much. From now on she would close her heart to everyone before it shattered forever.

***

Still licking his wounds from the ass-kicking he’d received earlier, Sawyer stared gloomily into his coffee cup in his office at the back of the armory. He’d had a feeling that he should have kept his mouth shut yesterday in the range, but every time he saw Brandon, it reminded him of his dead friend. Being put to sleep by the man this morning in the octagon was humiliating, but at least Sawyer could respect Brandon’s ability to hold his own in a fight without his bracelets. He gingerly touched the skin around his left eye which was dark purple the last time he’d looked in the mirror.
	He was still a little sore at Asiah for trying to talk him out of the fight last night, but she was right that he hadn’t stood a chance. He may have lasted five rounds in the ring, but he knew, even if no one else did, that Brandon had held back. Asiah probably asked him to. Sawyer hoped that was why Brandon was in her office this morning, and not because she wanted to rekindle their relationship. He’d never told Asiah as much, but he was in love with her and it would crush him if she left. 
His desk phone rang and he reached for it wearily. “Jacks.”
“Sawyer, it’s Lana. The Director … umm …”
“What is it, Lana?”
“I think you should come up here.”
“Is she alright?” he asked, sitting up straighter.
“I … I don’t know. Just come.” She hung up.
He skipped the elevator and took the stairs two at a time up the five floors to her office. Lana’s face was drawn and worried as he stopped at her desk to catch his breath. She nodded at the door, wringing her hands. Sawyer knocked gently and after the lock disengaged from the inside, entered.
Asiah sat at her desk, open compact in one hand, carefully applying mascara. She looked fine, as if nothing was wrong. She glanced up at him with an overly bright smile. “Hi Sawyer, what brings you up here? Do you want me to heal that black eye for you?” 
Sawyer frowned. Asiah seemed overly cheerful. Something wasn’t right. “Lana called me. Said something was wrong.”
She shrugged. “Nothing wrong here.” She wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“You’re acting strange, Asiah.”
She snapped her compact closed and dropped it in a drawer. She stood up and came around the desk to stand in front of him. “Come sit down. I’m glad you came, because I want to talk to you.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Alright.” He settled himself on the couch and noticed the waste basket next to it was full of tissues with black mascara smudges on them. “What’s going on, Asiah?”
She sat in the wing chair across from him and looked at him apologetically. “I need to move out,” she said without preamble.
His stomach clenched. “What? Why? I thought we had a good thing going.”
She sighed. “Look, Sawyer, no one could have comforted me like you did after Ben died, but the truth is …” She paused and took a deep breath. “I’m not in love with you.”
He thought his heart might break right then and there. “Please don’t say that,” he whispered. “Give this some time. We’re still coping with the loss.”
She shook her head. “I know that you have feelings for me, but you need to know that I can never return those feelings. Look what’s happened to every man I’ve ever loved. They end up dead. I won’t have your death on my hands. There has been enough pain in my life already.”
“It’s not your fault they died, and one of them is back from the dead, for Christ’s sake. Don’t push me away because of some foolish excuse for your new fear of commitment.”
“I know this isn’t fair to you, but it’s also not fair for me to lead you on. I’m sorry, Sawyer, this is how it has to be.”
Hot anger boiled inside Sawyer’s chest. “This is about Brandon isn’t it? You know what? Don’t answer that. You’re making a mistake,” he said brokenly. “I love you, and I don’t care if you can’t say the same. But you could at least pretend to care about my feelings. I guess you aren’t capable of that.” He stood up and stormed out before she could twist the knife any more.







Chapter Thirteen

Chase moved back into Meri’s house the night after she delivered their news to Asiah. Meri helped him put his clothes in the bureau, and Chase was thankful for her silence. He wasn’t sure yet he wanted to know what happened. Eventually his curiosity got the better of him.
“How did she take it?” he asked.
“As expected,” she replied.
“That badly?”
“I’ve seen her more upset before. She’s hard to read sometimes.”
Chase wasn’t sure he agreed with that. He could read Asiah like a book.
“I don’t think she’s fully recovered from Ben’s death yet,” Meri continued. “At least she has Sawyer to comfort her.”
Chase didn’t want to think about Asiah taking solace in Jacks’ arms. “Look, Meri, I appreciate the help, but I think I’d like to be alone for a while.”
Meri looked a little hurt, but he couldn’t feel guilty about that right now, after how they’d railroaded her sister. “Alright. I’ll make us something to eat and you can join me when you feel like it.” She left the guest room and closed the door behind her.
Chase spent the next week away from Sapphire and Asiah. He didn’t trust himself around her and he genuinely wanted to make an effort to have a family with Meri. To occupy his time, he asked Asiah’s assistant, Lana, if he might be granted access to his old texts and writings. She told him to be at Baltimore First National Bank at nine the following Monday morning.
Eager to lay his hands on the only tangible things left from his past, he arrived early at the bank and checked in at the glossy mahogany reception desk. A beautiful woman with short black hair and a small diamond stud in her nose gestured to a cozy alcove filled with plush armchairs and asked him to wait a moment. The bank was huge, with high ceilings and intricately carved pillars. He assumed this was where the upper crust of society kept their valuables and wondered if Asiah had left his money alone if it would be kept in places like this around the world.
An attractive black woman in a dark purple business suit appeared a moment later and extended her hand. “You must be Mr. Brandon. I’m Rebecca Nance, Ms. Torricelli’s legal counsel.”
Chase stood and grasped her hand. “Call me Chase.”
“Very well, Chase. Please follow me.”
She led him to a room furnished with more of the same cushy chairs and a long conference table in the middle. At one end of the table were several black cases with locks securing them. Ms. Nance gestured for Chase to take a seat at the other end of the table. She sat across from him and opened her briefcase. She pulled out a thick stack of paper and slid it across the table to him.
“What’s this?” he asked, confused.
“Asiah informed me that you made several investments before your … hiatus.”
So that’s what they’re calling it these days. “Yes, but I assumed those were long gone.”
“Not so. Asiah kept your funds safe for you and reinvested them nine years ago. If you look at page two of this document, you will see your total assets as of this date.” She pointed to the document in front of Chase.
He lifted the top page and found the number she had indicated. He frowned. “There must be some mistake. The amount I had originally invested was much lower than this total.”
“No mistake, Chase. Your assets have increased exponentially. You are a very wealthy man.” She smiled at him serenely. “A new account has been set up in your name at this bank and the funds have already been transferred. I just need your signature on the last page of this document stating that the funds have been relinquished to you in full.”
“And then some.” He looked at the number again. He’d never imagined that he would ever have so much money. Asiah mentioned that she had borrowed from him at some point, but apparently she had paid him back, because this was a ridiculously large amount of money for one person to have. “I don’t know what to say. This isn’t what I was expecting.”
“I understand. I was also asked to inform you that if you choose to rearrange your investments in any way, there are financial advisers at Sapphire available to help you. I’ve also been instructed to give you these.” She pushed an envelope across the table which Chase found contained a British passport, a birth certificate from a London hospital dated May 15, 1977 and other identifying documents ensuring his status as a living, breathing person with an identity. He couldn’t remember what it felt like to be 31.
Ms. Nance stood up and walked to the far end of the table. “In these cases are all of your documents. You may choose to keep them here in safe deposit or they may be moved to the vault at Sapphire. You may also take them with you. The choice is yours.”
He was overcome with gratitude. Asiah had saved all of his documents, money, even his knives. He assumed that she had gone on to Ocea with only the knowledge he had given her, but instead, she had taken all of this with her for safekeeping. The only reason someone keeps things safe for another is if they expect that person to return. The pain of what he’d done to her lanced through him again, as it had so many times in the past week. He cleared his throat to keep it from constricting. “Thank you.” He didn’t know what else to say to the woman.
She smiled and took her seat again. “She takes care of those she loves,” she said softly, giving his hand a squeeze.
Chase could only nod as tears welled in his eyes. 
“I’ll leave you alone for a few minutes.” Ms. Nance stood and left the room silently.
What had he done? He pushed away his one chance at happiness because he wanted to do right by Meri. He didn’t love Meri, and there was no reason he couldn’t raise a child with her and still be with Asiah. Meri would resent him for it at first, but she couldn’t hate him forever, could she? And what did it matter if he could be with Asiah at last? He looked at the paper again and then at the black cases on the table. He needed to talk to her. To tell her that he’d made a mistake. He reached for a tissue from a box conveniently placed in the center of the table and blew his nose, then got up from the table and opened the door. Asiah’s attorney was waiting patiently on the other side.
“Send these cases to Sapphire, please.” He took her hand and shook it with both of his. “Thank you for everything, Ms. Nance.”
“Call me Becca,” she said with a smile.
He channeled directly to Sapphire from the bank, hoping against all odds that Asiah would see him. He went straight to Lana’s desk and gave her his most charming smile.
“Is she in?” he asked hopefully.
Lana raised her perfect blond eyebrows. “Let me see if she’s available.” She delicately picked up her handset and pushed a button. “I’m sorry to disturb you Director, but Mr. Brandon is here to see you.” Her voice was tentative, as if she were afraid of something. She waited for the reply and Chase forced himself not to eavesdrop on what Asiah was saying. After what seemed like an eternity, Lana replaced the handset. “You may go right in,” she said, and Chase almost thought he saw a flash of pity in her eyes.
He took a deep breath and entered. Asiah was dressed all in black, regarding him with an icy blue stare across her desk. Chase couldn’t stop his mouth from falling open. Her wavy tresses were pulled back into a severe knot at the back of her head. He wasn’t sure why she felt she needed to downgrade her appearance, but he still found her as beautiful as ever.
“What can I do for you, Brandon?” Her voice was deeper, breathier. He didn’t like it.
He was so taken aback by the changes in her that it didn’t immediately register that she’d called him by his last name. “Asiah, what’s happened to you?” he asked, before he could stop himself. 
She arched a dark brow at him. “You of all people should know the answer to that. I have a lot of work to do, so if you’re just here to make small talk—”
He marshaled his nerve. “I came to say …” He faltered under the frosty look on her face.
“Yes?” she asked impatiently.
If she’d put up this façade as a defense mechanism, he needed to break it down. The only way he knew to do that was to be straight with her. “I want to be with you, Asiah.”
She laughed in a humorless, grating way that reminded him all too well of a certain Phantom Shade. “That ship has sailed.”
He knew he should have been the one to break the news, not Meri. He had no idea what kind of person Meri had made him out to be. A philanderer? A martyr? He leaned forward, placing his hands on the desktop. “Listen to me, love. I don’t know what your sister told you, but she and I are not together. Not in the way I want to be with you. You’re the only one I’ve ever wanted. I love you and only you.”
Asiah slowly, almost threateningly, rose to her feet, fixing Chase with a steely glare that all but liquefied his nerve. “That’s not what I’ve heard, and you’ve missed your chance to defend your actions. This is the way it is now.” She paused, letting that statement resonate in Chase’s hollow heart. “Is there anything else?”
He thought furiously, refusing to be thrown out like yesterday’s laundry. “What are we going to do about Marysa?”
Her expression remained impassive as she waved her hand in a dismissive gesture. “There has been no word from her since …” Her façade cracked for just an instant as she recalled the night of her husband’s death, but the wall went right back up. “I see no reason to worry.”
Chase crossed his arms, becoming irritated with her pretense. “Yes, I’m sure she wouldn’t kidnap me twice,” he said sarcastically.
“I guess you’d better watch your back,” she replied in a chilly tone.
He backed up a step, conceding defeat … for now. “I’ll do that. Good day, Director.” He flung her title at her venomously, and stalked out before she could say another cold word.
Outside her office, he paused to regroup as Lana watched him wide-eyed. “How long has she …” he nodded at Asiah’s closed door, “… been like that?”
Lana swallowed. “Since the day of the fight last week. She left Agent Jacks and I think she’s pretty torn up about it.” She cast him a worried look.
Chase raised his eyebrows. “She left Jacks?”
Lana nodded. “She was upset about something. I heard her crying in her office after Dr. O’Connor came to see her so I called him. The next thing I knew, he was storming out. I know the signs of a breakup.”
Chase shook his head. “I didn’t know.” He paused to give Lana what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, we’ll get her back. Or I’ll be damned again.”

***

Senator Gary Rondell stormed into Asiah’s office red-faced and seething. His suit looked like he’s slept in it and his tie hung loosely from his neck.
Asiah stood abruptly as Lana followed the Senator in, pleading with him to wait. She really needed to have a talk with her security team downstairs.
“Senator, I’m afraid—” Asiah began in a frosty tone.
“Shayla’s dead!” Rondell shrieked as spittle flew from his lips. “Her goddamn boyfriend killed her because you refused to rescue her again!”
Asiah shot Lana a look that sent her scampering out of the office, closing the door behind her. 
She turned to Rondell. “How dare you accuse me of having anything to do with your daughter’s death?” she hissed.
He paled slightly and recoiled. “I asked you to find her last week. You refused once again to take the case. The feds found her three days later with a needle in her arm!”
“You said her boyfriend killed her.”
“He’s the one that gave her the drugs!” he blustered.
“I’m sure he wasn’t the one to push them into her veins,” she snarled. “She’s been a junkie since the first time I rescued her. It was only a matter of time until she overdid it.”
“Lies!” Rondell screamed. “My daughter never used drugs! Her boyfriend did this and you could have stopped it!”
“It wouldn’t have mattered,” Asiah replied, settling herself in her desk chair. “As I said, she was a ticking time bomb.”
“You heartless bitch,” he swore. “I’ll make you pay for this.”
She glanced up from her laptop. “I would advise against that, Senator. You don’t want to make an enemy of me.” She pushed a little fear into his mind.
Rondell swallowed and backed away from the desk, stumbling over his feet. He landed hard on his backside.
“Watch your step, Senator,” Asiah said threateningly. “You wouldn’t want to fall and break your neck.”
He clumsily got to his feet and went to the door, his face several shades of crimson. “This isn’t over, Torricelli. Not by a long shot.” He stomped out.
“Is everything alright?” Lana asked tentatively, lingering in the doorway and wringing her hands.
“Everything is fine, Miss Fairchild,” Asiah snapped. “Get back to work.”
Rondell’s threat didn’t faze Asiah. What could he do? He had a lot of power as a United States Senator, but he had nothing on Asiah. Especially now that she’d begun to distance herself from other people and any emotional entanglements. 
Everyone seemed to give her a wider berth and treat her with more formality, especially around the office. Before, she had encouraged everyone to call her by her first name, and now everyone called her “Director.” She found the formality oddly comforting. Chase kept his distance, for which Asiah was grateful. He’d made his bed when he climbed into it with her traitorous sister and now he could lie in it forever for all she cared.
After Meri told her the news about the pregnancy, Asiah had allowed herself only a moment of emotional outpouring before she carefully tucked all of her feelings away into a far corner of the Forest where she didn’t have to deal with them ever again. She knew now what the Council meant about her having only one lover: her task to save the world. She’d moved out of Sawyer’s loft and spent most nights at Sapphire in one of the witness protection suites, taking care to choose a different one than Chase had occupied before he’d moved back in with Meri. She still wasn’t ready to go back to the house she’d shared with Ben.
Asiah found renewed purpose in finding a way to correct humanity’s course to stabilize their evolution. From what she’d seen of Marysa’s Ikhälean side, emotions didn’t stand the test of time, so why should she be a slave to hers? What if part of achieving her Oneness had something to do with giving up all emotional feelings altogether? Would she then not be one with her unfeeling Ikhälean side that had yet to mature? It seemed to make so much sense now. She wished it had been explained to her more clearly during her training. In a way, Chase’s misery was his own fault. He should have known better than to let her go on having such human feelings when she was destined for bigger things. She was only half-human, and that half was the lesser-evolved of the two halves. If he’d just told her the truth to begin with she might have figured out how to save the world instead of wasting so much time pining for him and then falling in love with Ben.
She thrust aside thoughts of her past loves and returned her focus the email she’d been reading when Rondell barged in. It was the fourth email like it she’d received that week stating that a client had decided no longer to use her firm’s services.
Ever since Ben’s death Asiah had felt like her workload had tripled. The timely fashion in which she normally completed cases for her clients had become a slow process, causing her clients to find another, more efficient intelligence firm. Coupled with the drastic economic downturn, she was beginning to fear that her company might have to lay off some employees. She wouldn’t feel badly about it, though. Perhaps before, when she let her emotions rule her life she’d have been sorry to let people go. But not anymore. This was the cost of doing business. Times were hard and her employees would just have to understand that.

***

“And there …” the ultrasound tech said cheerily, “…is your baby.”
Meri looked at the screen, but knew at this stage of pregnancy that the baby was about the size of a peanut. She could hear the heartbeat, though, and it was strong.
The tech continued, “It’s too early to know the sex of the baby, but—”
“It’s a girl,” Chase said absently from the chair next to the exam table, inspecting an invisible spot on the back of his hand.
Meri and the tech both raised their eyebrows.
“Really?” Meri asked. “What if I wanted it to be a surprise?”
Chase shrugged. “I think she’s already surprised us enough, wouldn’t you say?”
“I suppose.” Meri frowned. Chase had been somewhat distant for the past couple of weeks. She knew it had everything to do with Asiah. Her sister had changed, almost overnight, a couple of weeks ago, right after Meri had told her about the pregnancy. She regarded Meri with such disdain that the two sisters hadn’t spoken to each other since. It was tearing Meri up inside that her best friend hated her for something that wasn’t her fault. She didn’t make Chase kiss her that night, or do anything of the things that followed. Asiah was married to Ben at the time anyway, and was trying to distance herself from Chase, whose memory was still lost at that point. Why should Asiah care if the two of them were together one time?
Meri harbored a small hope that Chase might actually try and have a real relationship with her now that they were having a baby together. But she could see that he would only ever have eyes for Asiah, even now that she’d become a cold, heartless bitch. Meri knew how much Asiah’s transformation was killing Chase, and it made her resent Asiah that much more. She wished there was something they could do to help her, but they were the two people responsible for the change and neither of them had any idea where to start.
Sensing the tension in the room, the ultrasound tech stood up and picked up Meri’s chart. “I’ll just fetch the doctor. She can answer any additional questions you may have.”
Meri and Chase had chosen an offsite obstetrician for their pre-natal care. She didn’t want to upset Asiah further by using Sapphire’s medical facilities, even though she herself was the medical director. After the doctor assured them that everything was progressing normally, Meri drove Chase back to Sapphire. This afternoon she planned to insert his stones into his spinal column.
“Are you alright? Are you nervous about the procedure?” she asked when they pulled into the parking garage. Chase had been especially quiet the whole ride back.
He shook his head. “No, I’m sure it will go well. I trust you.”
“Then what’s wrong? Are you still worried about Asiah?”
He turned to her with a bleak look. “Of course I am. I’ll be constantly worried about her until this … phase, or whatever it is, passes.”
“Maybe she needs some sense knocked into her,” Meri muttered.
Chase raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“I mean everyone’s been treading lightly around her lately. Someone needs to stand up to her and tell her to knock it the hell off. People need her, not the Wicked Witch of the West.”
He sighed. “I know. I’ve been trying to think of a way to break down the wall she’s put up. She’s using fear to keep everyone at a distance, and I mean literally instilling fear in people’s minds. That includes me. I know it’s artificial, but that doesn’t make it feel less real, even to me. Her mind is so much stronger than mine that I can’t overcome the fear to get close enough to make a stand.”
Meri put a reassuring hand on his arm. “With this procedure there will be no fewer than 48 stones from which you can draw power. Asiah told me once that more stones can yield more power. What if the procedure makes you stronger than her? Since she refuses to speak to me, she hasn’t scheduled her own procedure yet. Do you think it’s a possibility?”
Chase considered. “Perhaps. But she’d have to be without her serum, most likely. We haven’t really had a chance to compare powers since I’ve been back. Seventy-five years is a long time for her to master her powers and her mind was stronger than mine even before I died. I could best her physically, but I no longer know if that’s the case.”
“What if she didn’t have her serum?” Meri said, thinking out loud.
“How could you keep it from her?”
“I’m the one that prepares it, even though she knows how to make it as well. What if her stock suddenly disappeared? We could destroy what’s left of the serum and it would take her a few weeks to get more.”
“She could just use a stone. She wears a rather large one around her neck.”
“Yes, but would that be enough against your 48?”
“There’s no way to know for sure, but I still wouldn’t trust 48 of my stones against one of hers. I don’t think you or I have ever seen the limit of her power.”
Meri leaned back against the seat and crossed her arms. “There’s got to be something we can do. Maybe if we got rid of the serum and then restrained her somehow. If she can’t get ahold of a stone, what can she do?”
“This is a dangerous game,” Chase said with a doubtful look. “I like to think that she’d never hurt either of us, but she’s also never looked at me the way she does now. It makes me doubt everything I thought I knew about her.” He placed his hand over Meri’s belly. “I won’t give her the chance to hurt our daughter.”
Meri liked it when Chase talked about the baby as a person that they would raise together. It made her think there might be a chance for them. “She’s playing a mind game with you. With everyone. It’s all a front. I think she’s just afraid to confront her feelings and is bottling everything up inside. I’m afraid she’s going to snap one of these days and do something that she’ll regret.”
“If she’s even capable of regret,” Chase muttered, and climbed out of the car.







Chapter Fourteen

Gone was the soft undergrowth that usually carpeted the Forest floor. Instead, it was polished marble, like the kind found in posh bank foyers. Ivy still wound its way across the smooth stone surface from an unseen source, snaking up the massive pillars that reached endlessly toward the canopy above. Trees seemed to grow right out of the hard floor, without marring the pristine surface.
Asiah felt like she was in a great hall; the marble floors extended as far as she could see in all directions. She was confused as to why this place was so different now, but suspected that she knew the reason. For the past month, the Forest had gotten more artificial, losing its natural beauty and mystery. It was starting to feel more like a tomb. Her bare feet didn’t make a sound on the floor as she wandered to where she knew the reflecting pool was. She was surprised to see it was still there but, like everything else in the Forest, it had changed. A carved marble wall reached skyward in place of the cliff face, and a cascading fountain stood where the reflecting pool had once been. A sculpture of two men and a woman holding a globe on their shoulders formed the centerpiece of the fountain. Upon closer inspection Asiah saw that they were not humans, but Ikhälea.
Asiah knew that the changes in the Forest had everything to do with her new attitude toward other people. She had avoided coming here for this very reason, but decided there was no point in running from her own subconscious. As liberating as it was to feel nothing, she hadn’t expected the structure of her mind to change. The Forest was her place of solitude and reflection. If she was so easily able to control the forces around her, why couldn’t she change anything here? She looked into the fountain’s rippling water, hoping to find answers there, as she often had in the reflecting pool. Images danced in and out of focus for a moment before one picture materialized more clearly.
She saw her sister, sitting in a rocking chair next to a child’s crib. The small nursery was illuminated by a single lamp behind Meri on a table. She held a baby in her arms with a dark patch of hair and gleaming gray eyes. Meri kissed the child’s forehead and the baby smiled. Asiah fought down the twist of jealously in her gut. Another figure joined the tableau. Asiah watched in dismay as Chase crouched next to the chair and beamed at the child. He also planted a kiss on the baby’s head before looking up at Meri with obvious adoration. Asiah curled her hands into fists to keep them from shaking. With painful slowness, Chase tilted his head up to place a soft kiss on Meri’s lips. The kiss lingered for what felt like an eternity to Asiah before Chase drew back and Asiah could see love shimmering in his eyes.
With a scream of frustration, Asiah hurled a bolt of electricity at the fountain, dispelling the image and shattering the marble sculpture. She stood heaving in front of what now was a pile of wet rubble trying to rein in her anger. She considered going to the boulder in the lake to clear her mind, but was afraid of what she might find there. Another fountain? Some sort of rendering that would diminish the sanctity of the one place where the rest of the world became irrelevant? Turning away from the fountain, she was ready to leave this desolate place and forget what she just saw in the water.
A shadow moved to her left and she tensed. She didn’t sense anyone else in the Forest. The shadow moved again, ahead. She pursued, in no mood to entertain spectral guests. The shadow skipped ahead, never lingering long enough for her to see who or what it was. She paused in the clearing, turning slowly in a circle. The entity attacked her from behind, shoving her to the marble ground and leaping onto her chest, smothering her. She couldn’t see; her vision was clouded and she couldn’t breathe as a thick fog obstructed her lungs and she fought to throw the creature off. An all-consuming hatred permeated her mind and she summoned all the power she could muster to throw the thing across the clearing. She stood up, gasping as the shadow prepared for a second attack. 
She closed her eyes. “Wake up, Asiah,” she whispered to herself. “Wake up!”
She awoke with a gasp, and began rubbing her arms to smooth away the goose bumps. Still unable to go home, she’d been staying at Sapphire for the better part of a month. Her robe was hanging from the doorknob of the guest suite’s door and she dragged it on before heading up to the roof for some air. 
On the roof, she let the night air cool her face as she willed her heart to slow. The shadow in her dream was something new. It wasn’t like the times Chase had been in her head before his return. This was something different. It almost felt like it was a part of her own subconscious trying to smother her. She didn’t know how that was possible, and was secretly terrified by it. Chase would know what to do, but he was the last person she wanted to talk to. His betrayal was still a fresh wound, even though she’d pushed aside her sorrow and buried it. She took a steadying breath and promised herself that she would find out what had attacked her and kill it before it had a chance to do the same to her.

***

Chase groaned in pain. The fact that he wasn’t allowed to speed up the healing process after his surgery was unfair, but he trusted Meri’s expertise. She said she had done studies with power stones and bone tissue and discovered that the connection was optimal if the bones were allowed to mend naturally. Chase didn’t know how long that would take, but he hoped it wasn’t much longer. Aside from the aching in his heart, he wasn’t used to letting pain linger. He chuckled dryly to himself, thinking that he might not last a minute in modern day wars without his powers. In his first few wars he used to let his non-fatal war wounds heal naturally so they would scar and he’d always remember what he’d been fighting for. He found that over the centuries he no longer cared. Most wars were waged over trivial reasons: money, power, or philosophy. He continued to fight, mostly for something to do, but he didn’t hold back his healing power when it was needed.
Meri appeared at his bedside. It had been three days since his surgery and he was ready to be out of this bed. “Are you ready for your x-rays?” she asked cheerily.
“Yes. I hoped I’ve mended enough. I’m sick of this bloody bed.”
She smiled. “The third day is when I’ve seen the stones take hold in the bone tissue. Once that happens, you’ll heal right up. Are you still in pain?”
“Yes, but it’s better than yesterday.”
“I wish you would take something. I can give you some morphine.”
He shook his head. “No.”
“Why not?”
He sighed. “I developed a taste for laudanum about 150 years ago. It was a dark time for me, and I’d rather not revisit it. I can get through this without it.”
She nodded. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know.” She smiled sheepishly. “I wasn’t aware you had any flaws.”
He grinned weakly. “I’m still human, Meri.”
“Sometimes I forget,” she said, rolling a wheelchair over to the bedside.
Chase gingerly climbed into it, leaning forward so as not to put any pressure on his tender spine. The surgery had taken about eight hours from the first incision to the last suture and Meri had proclaimed initially that it was a success. He wasn’t so sure, because the pain clouded his mind, but he knew if anyone could find a way to insert power stones into bone tissue, it was the esteemed Dr. Merica O’Connor.
Half an hour later they examined the x-ray films together. Chase hadn’t spent a lot of time examining this type of image, because the discovery of x-rays as a medical imaging technique was relatively new in the early 20th century. Meri frowned at the image for a long time before Chase spoke.
“What is it? You’re being awfully quiet.”
“They look perfect. The stones have fully integrated, so I don’t understand why you feel pain.”
“Isn’t pain part of healing?” He cocked his head to the side and felt a twinge in his neck. “Bloody hell,” he muttered, rubbing his neck, careful not to disturb the sutures. It was a strange feeling and it seemed to be spreading down his spine.
“What’s wrong?” Meri asked, concern on her face.
“My neck— my whole back is starting to … tingle.” Of course! It was the rush that he felt whenever he inserted his stones. It was just different this time. It progressed more slowly, but with the same intensity. He closed his eyes as the pain in his back was replaced with a torrent of sensation. He clenched his teeth so as not to cry out as the feeling reached its peak and faded. When it was over he wanted to laugh with relief.
Meri had gone pale. “Y-your eyes are green again,” she said with a nervous giggle.
He lifted an eyebrow at her. “You act like you weren’t sure if this was going to work.”
“It’s one things to have a theory, and it’s quite another to test it.”
“True.” He pushed himself out of the wheelchair and stretched his arms above his head. “This is incredible. I don’t think it’s ever felt this natural, you know? Like the power is actually part of me, not being drawn from some outside source.” He held out his hand as a green flame sprang from his palm with hardly any effort.
“Good. That’s the idea. Do you feel stronger than you did before?”
“Not stronger per se, but I feel like my control is better.” He turned his hand over, bouncing the ball of flame on the back of it. He closed his hand and the flame vanished.
“Do you think …?” Meri began.
Chase shook his head. “I don’t want to think about her right now. Do you suppose she’d let me use her Scialytic Chamber? She told me it’s a good place to center oneself.”
Meri shrugged. “Better to beg forgiveness than ask permission. But let’s pull out your sutures first.” 
After she removed the stitches from his back, Meri led Chase down to the chamber and let him in using her clearance code. He was surprised that it worked considering that Asiah had downgraded almost every employee’s clearance to the bare minimum. 
He changed into his shimmery white trousers and entered the room alone. The room was calibrated to Asiah’s energy force, but it was simple enough to recalibrate it to his own. He wasn’t familiar with the construction of the room, and it was lucky he’d been inside before and remembered how his power reflected off the walls, forming a cyclone of energy around him. He sat down cross-legged on the floor and closed his eyes.
He’d just relaxed into a favorable breathing rhythm when he felt the energy shift. Annoyed, he opened his eyes to see Asiah standing in front of him, still dressed in black, arms crossed and eyes narrowed.
“What are you doing in here?” she said scathingly.
Maybe it was his new stones, but he didn’t feel the same niggling fear he had the last time he was near her. “Centering myself. At least I was.”
“This room is not for public use.”
He stood up, refusing to let her talk down to him. He stepped forward so she had to tilt her head back to meet his eye. “I wasn’t aware that I was considered the public.”
“The calibration of this room is very delicate. If it is disturbed— What are you laughing at?”
Chase grinned and crossed his arms, enjoying her discomfort for once. “I already recalibrated the chamber.”
“You what?”
He waved his hand in the air. “It’s true there is a delicate balance in here, but I can sense it just as well as you can. It’s not like I walked in here with an EMP weapon. Don’t look so shocked. I know about those.”
She looked so angry that Chase thought he might see steam come out of her ears like he’d seen in old silent movies. 
“Get. Out.” Her voice held a razor’s edge.
He lifted an eyebrow in challenge. “And if I don’t?”
Blue fire raged in her eyes. “I will remove you.”
He laughed, realizing this is exactly what he wanted. To challenge her, force her to tear down the wall she was hiding behind. “Then remove me, love.” he said softly.
She threw the lightning so fast he wouldn’t have been able to stop it with only his bracelets. But with his new stones his reaction time was much faster and he absorbed the bolt effortlessly. Her eyes widened in shock for an instant, and Chase realized she expected him to be much weaker than she was. Pressing his advantage, he threw her against the wall with a wave of his hand, cracking the enamel. His intention wasn’t to hurt her, only to teach her a lesson, just like the old days in Chicago.
Asiah pushed herself up and turned for a moment to examine the wall. “I just had this repaired!” she said with a glare. She tore off her black blazer and tossed it aside, now wearing a black strapless top that made her look both dangerous and enticing. Chase wasn’t sure how important it was for her to be wearing the white clothing in the chamber, but he hoped it gave him an advantage that she wasn’t. Her hair had come loose from its tight knot and tumbled over her shoulders. He couldn’t help but grin.
She flung her arms forward and knocked him off his feet with a shockwave. No sooner had he gained his feet again than she rushed him, planting her shoulder against his solar plexus and knocking him down again. He rolled and flipped her onto her back, pinning her arms above her head. He remembered just in time what she had done the last time he had her in this position and blocked her incoming knee.
She growled in frustration and he saw the fire in her eyes an instant before it erupted from her fingers. He channeled to a spot about fifteen feet away from her before the flames reached him and rolled to his feet.
“I’m faster now than you ever were. And I’m sure you were never this fast before,” she growled, attempting to knock him down again with a push.
He blocked and remained upright. “New stones,” he grinned. “Courtesy of your sister.”
“Ah,” she said. “I should have guessed. Your eyes glow brighter when you use your power. I knew I should have destroyed those.”
“Why?”
“So you’d have no reason to stay. But I guess Meri gave you a reason. Or rather, you gave her one.” Another lightning bolt shot forward from her hands.
Chase caught the lightning in his hand and made it dance between his palms before clapping it out. “There are other reasons to stay.”
She crossed her arms in frustration. “Like?”
He conjured a column of fire from his hand and made it spiral upward in a cyclone. “You.”
“Quit showing off,” she said irritably. “Why would you stay for me? There is nothing between us now.”
He let the flames die. “Isn’t there?” 
“Not for me.”
He stepped toward her. “You can’t lie to me, Asiah.”
She tilted her chin up defiantly. “I feel nothing. Not for you, not for anyone.”
He took another step. “You’ve been through a lot lately. Your husband was killed by your archenemy and I returned from the dead and impregnated your sister. I can see how you’re overwhelmed, but you can’t keep everything inside and alienate the people that want to help you.”
“I can. It’s what the Ikhälea would do.”
“Ah. You think they are an unfeeling people?”
“From what I’ve seen, yes.”
“Well, I was raised by one of them. They may seem cold and calculating, but I believe they haven’t lost the ability to feel in their evolution.”
She looked away. “I have.”
He took another step and closed the distance between them. He put his finger under her chin and tilted it up, meeting her eyes. “No, you feel things. A lot of things. Loss, betrayal, helplessness … love.”
She jerked back. “I do not love. Not anymore.”
He advanced on her again and she backed into the wall. “You are afraid. I understand that. It’s the same reason I didn’t let myself fall in love for seven and a half centuries. It hurts more than any physical pain to lose the one you love. Do you think you were the only one to curse fate for tearing us apart?” He reached out and cupped her face in one hand, running his thumb over her cheekbone. “I tried every day to find a way to contact you, if only just to see your face one more time. I know the pain of loss just as you do.”
She clenched her jaw to keep it from trembling and he knew he was getting close to breaking her. “I will not love again. Not after …” she said softly, struggling to keep her voice even.
“Then I will help you.” He dipped his head and heard her breath catch. He paused, giving her a chance to pull away. When she didn’t, he brushed his lips ever so softly over hers. She closed her eyes, still unresponsive. Her breath came in short, anxious gasps and he kissed her again, gently nibbling her lower lip in the same way he knew used to drive her wild. She made a little sound between a whimper and a sigh and he pressed her back against the broken wall, taking her mouth with reckless abandon. He could feel her resistance crumbling until she finally gave in, sliding her hands around his waist to pull him closer. His hands were in her hair, delighting in its soft waves tangled around his fingers, then stroking her throat to feel the hammering of her pulse. She opened her mouth, inviting him to kiss her deeply, moaning softly as she slid her tongue over his and gasping at the marvelous electricity between them. He kissed her cheeks, her jaw and her throat, moving her hair aside to trace his lips over her collarbone and shoulder. Her skin tasted sweet and tingly and he held her as if he would never let go.
It was a spectacular victory, and he reveled in it, never wanting the moment to end. He tugged on her strapless top, attempting to pull it down and reveal more of her treasures, but she pulled back, stilling his hands with her own.
“Chase,” she whispered. “I can’t— I won’t do this. Not again.” She tried to move away.
He held her in place firmly. “Don’t run away, love. Don’t pretend my touch means nothing to you.”
A haunted look crossed her face. “It means everything to me! But it won’t last. I had a vision last night. In the Forest. Meri was there with the baby. And you. The two of you … you were together. I won’t lose you again, especially not to her.”
He released her and took a step back. “Is that what this is about? You think because I want to help her with the baby that I’ll choose her over you?”
“You already have once.”
“It was a mistake. The only reason it ever happened in the first place was because you were married and I thought I could never be with you. I thought she was an acceptable substitute.”
“So you used her.”
He looked away miserably. “It wasn’t supposed to happen that way.”
Anger flashed in her eyes. “Well it did, and now there’ll be a little baby Brandon around to remind you every day for the rest of your life what you threw away.” With that, she stormed out, leaving him alone in the chamber.

***

Asiah maxed out the treadmill’s speed at 15 miles per hour and continued to run, despite the burning in her legs. Even with superhuman strength, her muscles needed the same nutrition and recovery as anyone else’s, but she refused to slow down. She would run until the feelings were gone. Damn Chase for being able to remind her so easily that she couldn’t help but respond to his loving touches. He had hurt her, yes, but she knew that it was just an excuse to push him away. He wanted to be with her and he reminded her of it every time she looked into his eyes. Well, she would just have to avoid his penetrating green gaze from now on. She’d worked too hard to build walls around her heart to have him tear them down with a kiss.
The treadmill whined and strained for a moment before it puttered to a stop. 
“Piece of shit,” she muttered venomously, snatching her towel from the rail. 
The other occupants of the gym had vacated the area shortly after she arrived, sensing her dark mood. She showered quickly and headed to her suite. She was starting to think that it might be time to move back into her own house. If she was going to learn to keep her feelings inside, living in the house her late husband had bought for her on their first anniversary would be a good start. She began formulating a plan to move back in over the weekend.







Chapter Fifteen

Chandeliers hung from the tree branches now, marking the newest addition to the Forest’s restructuring. There were fewer strands of ivy crawling up the pillars that now outnumbered the trees. Asiah feared that the next time she visited there would be nothing left but cold stone in all directions. This wasn’t her sacred space. This was a cruel reincarnation of a dying dream.
The reflecting pool was still only a pile of rubble, and she was disappointed, even though it was her fault it was destroyed. She didn’t know what she’d seen in the water. She’d never been able to predict the future and she suspected that the pool had merely shown her her own fears. The truth was that she couldn’t stand the idea of Chase being with anyone else but her. The pool was simply reflecting her paranoia.
She turned away and found herself face to face with the shadow that had attacked her last time. It remained only for an instant, but she saw that it was human-shaped. If anything, it resembled her own silhouette. It skirted away before she had a chance to go on the offensive. She wasn’t about to let it get the better of her this time. She stood in the middle of the clearing and shouted at the top of her lungs.
“Come out! Let’s end this now.”
It tackled her from the side and she was flat on her back as before. The same smothering hatred filled her and she fought against it with every ounce of strength she had. Thinking fast, she tried to imagine what would defeat a hateful shadow. Love? Light! Bracing her hands on what she assumed was the face of the being, she thought about her feelings for Chase and shot light beams forward and through the shadow. It recoiled immediately, releasing her. She was on her feet summoning more strength when it attacked again. Throwing more light from her palms, the shadow balked and fled behind a pillar.
She followed, willing more energy to illuminate her path. The shadow creature leapt onto her from above, once more suffocating her with its malevolence. Her hands were restrained somehow and she couldn’t move. Pushing the light into her eyes and remembering Ben’s loving sacrifice, she stared the shadow down until her hands sprang free. She forced the entity down, holding it prostrate with her hands and knees. Keeping it pinned in place with the light from her eyes, she put her hands around its throat, or what seemed to be its throat, and squeezed. She could feel it struggling, as if it was a real person and she pressed harder, vowing never to forget how to love again. She held her hands there until it no longer moved, and watched as the shadow dissipated beneath her. A face appeared in the shadow’s place for just an instant, with dead, blank eyes, staring up into nothingness. Green eyes …
A loud crack echoed through the marble hall and she looked up in alarm. A huge crevice forked through the marble beneath her. The nearest pillar teetered on its plinth and plummeted to the floor with a mighty crash. Asiah stood up, dumbfounded as the marble crumbled around her. She closed her eyes and willed herself to wake up, afraid she could be crushed by her subconscious. Chunks of stone began to rain down around her and she screamed. She staggered on the edge of the cracked marble as the gaping void below her widened. Her foot slipped and she fell headfirst into the black emptiness.

***

Chase woke up with a start. His dreams had been dark and scattered since his return to Earth, and this one … something was too real about it. Against his better judgment, he reached for his phone next to the bed. Even though it was two o’clock in the morning, he felt compelled to call Asiah. He dialed her number and waited anxiously. 
She picked up on the fourth ring, but he could only hear her shuddering breaths.
“Asiah? Are you alright, love?”
“Ch-Chase …” she whispered. He could hear the petrifying fear in her voice.
“Where are you?” he asked, springing from the bed.
“Sapphire … hurry …” The line went dead.
He threw on some jeans and a T-shirt and was at Sapphire in less than a minute. He quickly made his way to her suite and found Asiah kneeling on the bed, shaking and hugging herself. He strode to the bed and took her hands. “Come here, love.” He pulled gently and she let him take her away from the bed. He wrapped his arms around her. Her shaking increased to uncontrollable sobs and he held her, letting her ride out the torrent of emotions. When the crying stopped and she stood trembling in his arms, he carried her to the living area and sat on the couch, arranging her in his arms so she sat across his lap with her head on his shoulder. He knew she wouldn’t want to talk about it, but he had to know what had upset her.
“Tell me what happened,” he said quietly, but firmly.
“I don’t know,” she whispered. He sensed she was holding back.
“You can tell me, love. I will help you, no matter what.”
“It wasn’t you … in the dream … it was a shadow. I didn’t mean to …” She wasn’t making any sense.
“What happened in your dream?”
Her face became passive, expressionless. “It attacked me.”
“What attacked you?”
“A shadow. It was like a person, but all dark and misty. It tried to smother me. All I could feel … was hate.”
Chase thought about that. She’d thrust all her feelings aside for the past month, except for bitterness and hatred. It was possible that her own hatred had tried to gain control of her mind. Chase had seen it happen before, in other Conjurers. Closing the door on emotional feeling led to madness and he had been inside enough minds to know what the “shadow” was that Asiah had described. “What did you do?” he prodded.
“We fought. I killed it … and then the marble cracked.”
“Marble?”
“The Forest, it was becoming a stark hall of polished marble the more I thrust my feelings aside. The trees were going away. Only marble left. But when I killed that … thing … it broke. Everything started to crumble. I woke up before I was crushed. The shadow, it had your face. But all I wanted to do was destroy it.”
Chase tilted her chin up and looked into her eyes. “I’m here and I’m fine. You didn’t hurt me and I know you would never try. You can’t keep everything inside, love. You need to let your feelings out. It hurts, I know better than anyone, but it’s part of living.”
She laid her head back onto his shoulder despondently. “So much hate,” she whispered. 
He held her until she drifted off again, then touched her forehead with his forefinger. “No more dreams, love. Just sleep.”

***

Asiah woke up with a sense of déjà vu. Someone was holding her tightly, but she couldn’t remember falling asleep with anyone. She remained still, too exhausted to think. She realized she felt better somehow, lighter than she had in the last few weeks. Her hand brushed the arm that was slung across her body and she felt the electric charge of Chase’s skin. She fought to recall why he was here and why he’d be in her bed. Glancing down, she noticed that they were both fully clothed and she breathed a sigh of relief. At least she hadn’t done something impulsive.
The thought had barely crossed her mind when he shifted and yawned. He rolled her over to face him, keeping her pinned against him. “Good morning, love,” he rumbled. She remembered how much she loved the sound of his voice in the morning.
She searched his face, inches from hers. “When did you get here?”
“Middle of the night. You had a nightmare.”
“Oh.” It was strange that she couldn’t remember it.
“I destroyed it,” Chase said, anticipating her question. “Your forest is in quite a state.”
“Thank you,” she said, relieved that she didn’t have to experience it again, whatever it was. “I’ve been such a mess lately.”
He lifted his hand and brushed a strand of hair away from her face. “It’s understandable. I’ve missed you. The real you.”
She attempted a smile. “I’ve missed you, too. But I pushed you away. I said horrible, hateful things. How can you forgive me for that?”
He grinned. “It’s easy to forgive when you love someone.” 
He closed the distance and covered her mouth with his. She didn’t try to resist and let herself take comfort in his touch. His kisses became hot and desperate as the intensity of his touch increased. He moved his lips to her neck and dragged his teeth along her collarbone, making her sigh with desire. He rolled her onto her back and leaned over her, running his hands down her body. His fingers toyed with the straps of her tank top, sliding them off her shoulders as he took her mouth again. She could feel his arousal against her thigh and she realized she wasn’t ready for this. Not yet.
“Chase,” she breathed, as he gently kneaded her breast through the thin fabric of her tank top, making her ache with need.
“Mmm?” He tickled her earlobe with the tip of his tongue.
With an effort, she pushed herself up into a sitting position. 
He leaned back with a troubled expression, and lifted a hand to trail his fingers down her cheek. “What is it, love?”
She took his hand and looked into his eyes. “I want this, Chase. I want you, but …”
His brow relaxed as he understood. “You’re not ready.”
She sighed. “It’s just that the last time we did this I was distraught. My parents had just been killed. I’m not sure that I’m in a much better place now.” She touched his face. “I want the next time we make love to be under happier circumstances. Not the morning after I had a nightmare. Not when everything is so crazy.”
He nodded. “I agree. I want you to enjoy it.” His gaze darkened. “I want us to enjoy each other.”
Her stomach fluttered and she almost told him to resume what he was doing a moment before. “Thank you. Maybe we could go on a date or something.” She laughed at the absurdity of the notion.
He gave her a half-smile. “What’s so funny?”
“I never thought I’d be asking you out on a date. It might just be too normal for us.”
He chuckled. “We could use a little normal.” He leaned forward and kissed the tip of her nose. “How about Saturday night?”
She nodded. “I’m going to move back into my house on Saturday. I need some closure after Ben’s death. I haven’t been back since the memorial.”
“Do you want me to go with you?” he asked, his gaze concerned.
“No, I need to do this alone. You can pick me up there around eight.”
He leaned closer again. “That’s two whole days away. I’m not sure I can wait.”
She put her hands on his chest meaning to push him away, but instead fisted her hands in his T-shirt and pulled him close for another searing kiss. “That’ll have to hold you over until then. Now, let’s go find some breakfast. I’m starving.”

***

Vince, the head security guard at Sapphire, was the first to thank Chase for bringing Asiah back to normal. Chase hadn’t realized that the staff was so aware of her mood changes. He figured she was being cold to him and Meri for good reason, but he’d had no idea that the rest of the employees were also walking on eggshells around her.
After comforting Asiah, Chase had returned to Meri’s to shower and change. When he walked through the front door at Sapphire in a pair of pressed charcoal slacks and a white dress shirt unbuttoned at the collar, the burly guard leapt out from behind his desk and rushed forward to shake Chase’s hand.
“Mr. Brandon, I don’t know what you did, but I just want to thank you. So much!”
Chase lifted an eyebrow. “Come again?”
“Asiah! She’s back to normal. Came down and brought me a cup of coffee like she used to before the DD took one for the team.” The bald man beamed at Chase.
“Don’t mention it,” Chase said. He noticed on his way to the top floor that everyone seemed to have a spring in their step today. He knew that Asiah’s smile always lifted his spirits, but obviously he wasn’t alone. It warmed his heart that the woman he loved was also loved by all those around her. It took an effort not to grin like an idiot when he remembered that she’d finally admitted to herself that she wanted to be with him as much as he wanted to be with her.
His elation dimmed a bit when the elevator stopped on the fourth floor and Sawyer Jacks stepped on. He hesitated when he saw Chase, but sauntered in anyway and graced him with a cool glare. Obviously not everyone was thrilled with Asiah’s good mood.
“Jacks,” Chase greeted him casually.
“Brandon.” Sawyer stared straight ahead and Chase heard him grinding his teeth.
They rode in awkward silence to the seventh floor and the doors slid open. Chase started to exit, but Jacks laid a hand on his arm.
“Brandon, wait.” He hesitated, and finally met Chase’s eyes. “Thanks for bringing her back. She deserves to be with someone like you.” He held out his hand.
Chase shook it with relief and put his other hand on Jacks’ shoulder. “Don’t sell yourself short. You were there for her when no one else could have known what she was feeling.”
Emotionally moved, Jacks nodded and left the elevator. With his spirits lifted again, Chase headed for Asiah’s office. Lana beamed at him and nodded at Asiah’s door. He knocked and entered. Asiah’s black attire was gone, replaced with a brilliant blue sheath that perfectly matched her eyes. She glanced up at him from the memo she was reading with a worried look.
His joy evaporated. “What is it, love?”
She dropped the memo with a sigh. “Another one of my biggest clients is firing me. It’s the fifth one this week. If this doesn’t stop I’m going to have to downsize.”
He chucked her under the chin. “Don’t worry. This financial crisis will pass, just as others have in the past. You survived the Great Depression, Asiah. You can survive this, too.”
She smiled. He’d missed seeing her smile. “Have you decided what we’re going to do on our date?” 
He blanched. Was he supposed to plan the date? “Er …”
She giggled. “You’ve never taken a girl out before, have you?”
“FYI,” he said, tossing her slang back at her, “I’ve taken ladies to the Globe Theatre to see Shakespeare’s plays, and then introduced them to the playwright himself.”
She raised her eyebrows, then frowned. “Yes, I’d forgotten about that. Well, I doubt you’ll be able to top that.”
He thrust aside the horrible reminder that Asiah had seen all of his past experiences with other women and grinned, crossing his arms. “Is that a challenge?”
“Maybe.” She came around the desk to stand in front of him. “I have to go to China today to meet with another client. I’ve been neglecting a lot of my overseas accounts these last couple of months and I need to make up some ground before all my clients decide to jump ship. I’ll be back on Saturday in time to go on our date. Alright?”
He slipped his fingers into her hair, delighted to see her wearing it down again. “I’ll be counting the minutes.” He kissed her with an endless hunger until she pulled away with glassy eyes.
“I forgot how dangerous it is when you do that,” she murmured, gripping his shoulders to steady herself. “Now get out of here before I forget what I’m supposed to be doing,” she said with a smirk.
He gave her a devilish grin. “Hurry back, love.” He lifted her hand and brushed his lips across her knuckles briefly before he turned and left.

***

Asiah was definitely feeling like things were going back to normal as she arrived at her house Saturday afternoon. The trip to China went smoothly and she assured her clients that Sapphire would still provide the highest level of service despite the recent staff changes, namely the death of the deputy director. Ben usually handled the international relationships since he was fluent in so many languages and had better people skills than anyone else at Sapphire. What a waste of life, she thought sadly as she let herself in through the front door.
The house was tidy; Asiah had instructed her housekeeper to clean everything up after the memorial and take out any perishable food items. She also told the woman not to touch the master bedroom. She needed to take care of that room herself. Before she tackled the task, however, she went to the bar instead and poured herself a substantial amount of Connemara whiskey and took a healthy swallow to steady her nerves. The bottle came with her as she wandered to the mantel, letting the alcohol blur the edges of reality. Picking up her wedding photo, she ran her fingertip over Ben’s image, remembering how happy they were that day on the beach. Even in the photo she could tell by the adoring look in his eye that he’d found his destiny. He just didn’t know that his destiny was to die for his love three short years after they were married. She held back her tears and took another drink of whiskey, wondering how she was going to get through the day.
She glanced up the stairs, dreading going into the room that had barely been disturbed since the night he’d been taken. Still lacking the strength to go up, she sat on the couch for the next hour, drinking more whiskey than necessary, appreciating the way it was making everything fuzzy. She was aware that she wanted to be sober for tonight’s date with Chase, but she could sober up quickly if needed. Finally, when she thought she was ready, or the alcohol told her she was, she staggered up the stairs with her bottle, no longer using a glass. She stumbled into the bedroom, pausing just inside the door to inhale the faint scent of cologne that reminded her of him.
Choking back a sob, Asiah sank to the floor, clutching the doorframe to keep from throwing herself onto the bed to breathe in what was left of her husband. She took several deep breaths trying to rein in her grief. When she had gotten herself under control, she got shakily to her feet and looked around the room. Her walk-in closet door was slightly ajar which struck her as odd. Letting the whiskey bottle thud to the floor, she made her way forward unsteadily and jerked the door open the rest of the way. 
At first glance everything seemed perfectly normal and she wondered if she was being paranoid. She turned to go when a glint of metal caught her eye. Dropping to her knees, she shoved clothes and hangers aside to reveal the door of her in-wall safe. It was open.
She threw the door open all the way and peered inside as dread speared through her. Her personal documents and paperwork were still there, but the bottle containing what remained of the Verderya serum was gone. 
“No!” she cried, stumbling to her feet and throwing clothes and hangers aside, frantically searching for the bottle. Her rational mind told her it was useless; the serum had been taken long ago. She staggered back out to the bedroom, fighting the urge to throw up. Her eyes landed on a pair of leather boots. She lifted her gaze to the owner of the boots.
“You,” she whispered.
“You really should invest in a better security system,” Marysa said, off-handedly.
“You took the serum,” Asiah said, trying unsuccessfully to clear her mind. Why had she had so much to drink?
“Yes, but not for the reason you think. “Andrei has more. Lots more. But we needed to make sure that your government didn’t get ahold of it first.”
Asiah didn’t let on that she suspected the government already had a supply of Verderya serum. “Why are you just now taking it? Why didn’t you come before?”
“Ah, good question.” The Phantom Shade began to pace. “When the Conjurer touched you in the warehouse, something happened. A powerful shift in the electromagnetic field of the room put me out of commission for a few weeks. It’s a good thing you were wallowing in your own grief and didn’t use the opportunity to kill me, or it would have been too easy for you.”
Asiah cursed herself again for being so selfish and letting such an opportunity pass. 
“And now I will demonstrate how to avoid such mistakes.” She brought her hand back and Asiah realized she was in no condition to take Marysa on. 
She didn’t have much of a chance to consider her next move because she was flat on her back, staring at the ceiling as the world tilted around her. Marysa’s face appeared above hers as she lifted Asiah’s left leg and pushed her jeans up her calf, revealing Asiah’s dagger.
“So predictable,” Marysa muttered, and drew the knife from its sheath.
Panic rose in Asiah’s chest as Marysa lifted one arm and slashed Asiah’s forearm from her elbow to her wrist as she had done before in the warehouse. Only this time it was with an Ikhälean blade. Why couldn’t she move? Marysa must have been immobilizing her somehow. After slicing one arm, Marysa then made a symmetrical cut on the other arm and Asiah groaned against the blade’s sinister burn.
“We’re going to have fun this time,” Marysa sneered and dropped the knife next to Asiah. Spotting the whiskey bottle by the door, she summoned it as well. As a final touch, she placed a framed photo of Ben and Asiah from the bedside table next to where Asiah lay on the floor, still desperately trying to focus her mind. The alcohol was not only clouding her focus, but thinning her blood, causing it to cascade out of her and soak the ivory carpet on which she lay.
“We’re finished, Shade. You will die here, by my hand, and I will take your stone. They will all think that this life was too much for you to handle. So sad. I hope you saved me a nice place in the æthers.”
“Wait,” Asiah croaked, as a last-ditch effort. “If you kill me now, it will have been for nothing.” She hoped she sounded convincing.
Marysa wasn’t in a hurry and humored her. “Oh? Why is that?”
Asiah’s mind raced. “Only the power stone of the mature True Shade will give you what you desire.”
“You lie.”
“I have no reason to lie. I’m at your mercy.” 
“It matters not. I own your life now.”
Stars floated in Asiah’s vision as she watched the Shade’s evil grin slide out of focus. Her power was divided between trying to clear her mind and metabolize the alcohol and stopping the bleeding from her arms. The edges of her vision faded and she tried with all her might to stay conscious. She turned her head to the side and saw the photo of her and Ben on their honeymoon in Paris, standing outside the Louvre. Trying desperately to shut out the raspy laughter, she focused on Ben’s face one last time as everything faded away.

***

Chase practically bounded up the steps to Asiah’s front door. He’d thought of little else for the last two days. The moment his knuckles touched the door to knock, though, he knew something was wrong. The energy around this place had been disturbed, and not by Asiah. He’d know the signature of her energy anywhere, and this was not it. He unlocked the door with a thought and went inside. Sensing Asiah on the second floor, he ran for the stairs. Chase told himself not to panic, that nothing could possibly be wrong, especially after everything they’d been through. Her bedroom door was closed, but he could already smell the blood. Sprinting down the hall and throwing open the door, he found her.
Her face was angelically serene as the sun’s last rays slanted across her body, which was surrounded by a dark red stain. His heart stopped as he took in the whiskey bottle and the photograph. 
No … not Asiah … 
Despite what his eyes could see, his brain told him she’d never take her own life. She’d been through a lot, but she was coming around, recovering. He dropped to his knees next to her and saw the Ikhälean blade. His breath caught in his throat.
“No, love … not like this. Don’t leave me … not this way,” he pleaded, and put his hands on her face. His eyebrows shot up when he felt the familiar current, although it was weak. She was alive! Concentrating every ounce of his strength on healing her, he pressed his lips to hers as he gripped her wrists. He stayed that way for an eternity, whispering loving words against her mouth, her face, her throat. Exhausted, he finally let go and saw that her wrists had healed, leaving only long, jagged scars. He scooped her up in his arms to take her to Meri.
Moments later, he paced at the foot of her bed while a pale-faced Meri pumped her full of blood and serum in Sapphire’s infirmary. When she was finished, he took Asiah’s hand, willing her to wake up. “Come on, love, come back to me. Please.” He glanced up at Meri and saw that she was shaking. He carefully laid Asiah’s hand back on the bed and stood up, putting his arms around Meri as she began to cry.
“I-I can’t believe she’d do this …” she sniffled, after a moment. “Not Asiah. Not when we’ve just gotten her back.”
“I know,” he said, smoothing her hair. “We’ll find out what happened when she wakes.”
Meri shook her head. “I don’t know if she’ll wake up.”
Chase pushed her back and looked into her eyes. “What do you mean?” he said more harshly than he intended.
She looked at him miserably. “She’s in a coma, Chase.”
“But … you gave her serum. She should wake up,” he said, trying to understand.
“I don’t know what happened. She bled too much and her brain was deprived of oxygen for a long time. She was barely alive when you brought her here.”
“She must wake up!” he said fiercely, crossing his arms and turning away. “She must!” He’d come too far to lose her now. He was back from the dead, for heaven’s sake! They were supposed to be on a date right now. They were going to go to Paris for dinner and a stroll along the Seine. He knew there were probably more romantic things he could do, but he wanted to start small. Now he wasn’t sure if he’d ever see her smile again, much less take her on a date. He dropped into the chair next to the bed again and touched Asiah’s face. The charge on her skin was stronger, but she still didn’t respond to his touch. “I can look into her mind,” he said suddenly. “Maybe I can find out what’s wrong.”
Meri brightened. “Will that work?”
“It’s worth a try.”
She frowned. “I agree, but I think we should wait a day. Let her mind … stabilize or something.”
Chase remembered the brief glimpse he’d seen of her forest when he erased the memory of her nightmare a few nights ago. The trees were sickly and the foliage was brown. Piles of rubble cluttered what once was the forest floor. The birds had flown away and the lakes were dry. He knew she could repair it with time, but perhaps the fact that everything was in disarray was causing her coma.
“Her mind is badly deteriorated by everything she’s been through lately,” he said. “I don’t think another day is going to matter. However, it’s getting late and if I’m going to go in and look around, I want to be fresh and rested. I’ve encountered many things in other people’s minds that can sap my strength if I’m not properly prepared.”
Meri blinked at him. “Like what?”
Chase ran a finger down Asiah’s cheek, savoring the tingle. It was the only thing he had to hold onto right now. “Manifestations of fear, hatred, anger, or other negative emotions. It’s quite dangerous for me, really. If I am incapacitated inside another mind, I can be trapped there indefinitely.”
She blanched. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
“More than anything,” he said without hesitation. “I know what she did to bring me back. I won’t sit idly by while she suffers as I did.”
Meri nodded. “We can wheel her bed into the Scialytic Chamber in the morning.”
“There’s something we aren’t considering.”
“What’s that?”
He took a breath. “That she doesn’t want to wake up.”
She shook her head vehemently. “No. She’d never do this to herself.”
“I agree, but the alcohol and the photo … It just looked like she gave up.”
“She wouldn’t do that!” Meri shouted. She took a deep breath, pressing her hand to her forehead. “She wouldn’t.” She picked up one of Asiah’s hands, turning it over to examine the wrist. “She couldn’t do this anyway. Once one wrist was cut, she wouldn’t be able to hold the knife to cut the other.”
Chase leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Asiah’s forehead. “That’s a good point. I’ll find out what happened. Her room reeked of Marysa’s power.” He stood up and took Meri by the shoulders. “Will you be alright? I can stay with you if you like.”
She backed away, shaking her head. “No. I’m fine. I’ll see you in the morning.”
He nodded and gave Asiah another lingering look before he turned and strode from the infirmary.

***

1867 
Savannah, Georgia
The country doctor held the candle so close to Chase’s face that he thought he might set his hair on fire. He tried to recoil from the flame but every movement made him dizzy and he was afraid he might lose his stomach contents. Again.
“Pupils are pretty constricted,” the doctor was saying in his drawling Georgia accent. Do you know how much he’s had?”
A plain girl with mousy brown hair wrung her hands as she stood next to the bed. “No sir. I just came upon him like this. I only wanted to see if he needed new linens and he couldn’t even remember his own name.”
The doctor picked up a small glass bottle from beside the bed, examined it, and dropped it into his pocket. “Well, there’ll be no more laudanum for you, my boy, and I won’t lie to you, it’s gonna be a little rough these next few days.”
Chase didn’t know what he meant, or perhaps he did, but couldn’t remember. His mind was quite foggy at the moment. He did understand that the doctor was taking his medicine away and that was going to be a problem. He tried to sit up and protest, but as soon as he did, his stomach lurched and he fell back onto the bed with a groan. It was going to be worse than this? 
“Just lie still, son.” He turned to the girl. “Millie, can you watch over him? Just make sure he stays in his room and gets plenty of fluids. See if you can get him to eat. But do not, under any circumstances, let him have any more laudanum. He could have died this time, and likely will next time if he gets any more. Do you understand?”
“Please,” Chase managed to choke out, lifting a shaky hand to the doctor. Why wouldn’t he let him have any more medicine? He needed his medicine. It helped him forget things. And he had seen a lot of things he wanted to forget.
The doctor gave him a pitiful look and left the room. Millie tugged the bedclothes up even though Chase felt too hot. She was murmuring something unintelligible to him, but he wasn’t listening. He rolled onto his side hoping to ease the nausea.
The next few days passed in a blur, yet also seemed to drag as Chase experienced a new kind of hell. He thought he’d been through some hard times, but nothing was like coming down from an opium addiction. He was never comfortable; it was too hot or too cold and he couldn’t stop shaking. Visions of horrible things flitted in and out of his mind. Faces of men he’d killed or wounded on the battlefield gaped at him, bloody and disfigured. Somber visages of children whose parents had been killed because they were Conjurers haunted him with accusing stares. He felt like insects lived beneath his skin and he was sure that when he awakened from this nightmare he would have scratches all over his body from trying to rid himself of the vermin. He thought he knew a way to make the torment end faster by using his mind, but it was so muddled from the drug that he couldn’t properly focus. He felt utterly helpless.
One morning he woke to the sun streaming through his window and had only a dull ache at the back of his skull. His skin felt less clammy and when he closed his eyes he envisioned the labyrinth in his mind that he’d not seen in months because of his dependence on the drug. He couldn’t even clearly remember how long he’d been here in this place. After the War Between the States, he knew that he’d stayed here in Georgia, but didn’t remember if there was a good reason. He hadn’t encountered another Conjurer in decades and had all but given up the search. Perhaps it was time to start again. He needed a new purpose since he’d wasted so much time drowning himself in laudanum. Dressing quickly, he collected his things from his rented room, considering where to go next. He’d heard South America was nice. It might just be time to visit.
















Chapter Sixteen

The past few nights Chase hadn’t been sleeping because he was anxious about his date with Asiah, and tonight he lay awake because he worried about whether she would live or die. What if she wouldn’t wake? He had to find a way. There was no other option. He couldn’t live without her. Even though he said he’d help Meri raise their daughter, his life would be incomplete and empty without Asiah. He wondered how he lived for so many centuries without her. It seemed like a wasted life. There had been other women over the centuries —he was a man after all— but they were mere dalliances. Some of the women had tried to ensnare him, proclaiming their undying love and devotion, but he’d known better than to attach himself to a mortal female. One such woman that had fallen in love with Chase had been attacked by another Conjurer and her mind was badly damaged in an attempt to harm Chase. The only cure for her insanity had been for Chase to remove himself completely from the woman’s memory and her life.
He’d become an expert at leaving women behind, and even had a little speech that went with every separation, which he now understood was widely used and was called the “it’s not you, it’s me” speech. He liked to think he invented it first.
His cell phone buzzed next to his bed and he jerked awake just as he was beginning to doze off. He looked at the number on the screen and recognized it as Meri’s. Dread pooled in his stomach and he hoped that nothing had gone wrong with Asiah. He jabbed at the “talk” button.
“Meri? What’s wrong? Is it Asiah?”
“I need your help, Chase,” Meri said without preamble. Her voice was high and distressed.
“Is she alright?” he demanded, leaping from the bed.
“Yes, nothing has changed. Just hurry.” She hung up.
He muttered a curse and dropped his phone to pull on a T-shirt and jeans. He slid his feet into a pair of flip-flops, not willing to take an extra moment to tie on his sneakers. He dashed outside and channeled to Sapphire. Vince looked up in alarm as he sprinted through the lobby, now wishing he was wearing some shoes more suited to running.
He skidded to a halt in the infirmary. It was deserted. He forced himself to stay calm as he looked into Asiah’s room. She lay peacefully on her bed, looking exactly the same as the last time he’d seen her. But Meri was nowhere to be seen.
“Meri!” he shouted.
“In here,” came her shaky reply from a room down the hall.
He entered to see her reclining on the obstetrics table, sweeping an ultrasound probe over her belly jerkily.
She raised her panicked gaze to his. “I can’t find her heartbeat,” she whispered.
Chase covered her hand on the probe and began moving it slowly as he had seen the tech do at their last doctor’s visit. She pulled her hands away and clasped them together to keep from shaking. He swept the probe back and forth several times applying different amounts of pressure, but nothing happened.
Meri began to cry. “I think … I’ve lost her …”
Chase’s eyes went wide. “Are you sure? Maybe I’m just not doing it right.”
She shook her head. “No, you are. There was bleeding, too.”
His heart sank. He knew what that meant. The stress of Asiah’s apparent suicide had been too much for Meri. “I’m so sorry, Meri,” he said, taking her hands in his. “I know how badly you wanted this.”
She clenched her jaw and nodded as she turned away. Chase got the feeling that she didn’t want him there after all.
“Can I do anything?” he asked.
She looked back at him bleakly. “I thought … if you got here in time … you might be able to save her.”
Without taking his eyes from hers, he placed his hand on her belly, still sticky with the ultrasound gel. After a moment, his eyes widened in surprise. “She’s alright, Meri. I can feel her. Our baby is going to be okay.”
Meri let out a long breath. “Are you certain?”
Chase massaged her belly for a moment longer and smiled at Meri. “Absolutely. She just gave us a little scare.”
She let her head fall back on the bed. “Thank god.”
His voice turned serious. “Meri, Asiah’s accident has been very stressful for you and I think you should let me stay here with Asiah while you go home and get some rest.”
Her face was flushed and tearstained as she fixed him with a grateful smile. “I thought you needed rest.”
“I can’t sleep. Not tonight anyway. Go home. You’ll feel better in the morning.” He stood and leaned down to kiss her forehead. He put as much comfort into the kiss as he could, hoping to make her feel better. She let out a little sigh and he knew it had worked. He helped her down from the table and noticed her bloodstained scrubs for the first time. From experience he knew that a little spotting was normal during a pregnancy, and wondered just how close they had come to losing their child.
After Meri promised to go straight home, Chase wandered back into Asiah’s room. He was exhausted, yet still didn’t think he could sleep. He sat down in the chair next to Asiah’s bed and took her hand as he went into his mind and navigated the labyrinth quickly. He scaled the stone staircase and vaulted the stream to arrive in the meadow atop the cliff. He sat down cross-legged amidst the wildflowers and closed his eyes, dreaming of his love.

***

It was very dark. Even having eyes like a cat didn’t help in this infinite darkness. She pulled again against the invisible bonds restraining her. As usual, nothing happened. She wasn’t in pain, but she couldn’t move. She could feel a cold, rocky ground beneath her, but that was all. She couldn’t stand or even move her arms and legs more than a little bit. Her hands could just reach her face and she rubbed at her eyes in case she was blinded by something like a cloth or a hood. Nothing. Just darkness. There were no sounds but those from her own body. Her heartbeat punctuated the endless silence and her breathing was shallow and ragged. She tried to speak but no sound came out. No eyes, no ears. There were no smells, no tastes, no cloying fog to provide a clue to her location, just … emptiness. Her hands could touch, her only remaining sense. She felt the rocky ground, her clammy skin, her tangled hair. She wore a dress; it felt dirty, like it had once been soft but some liquid had soaked it and dried to leave the material rough and uncomfortable. She examined her body with her hands, searching for wounds, but found none. 
Dim memories swirled about in her head, but she was not able to clearly focus on them, like they weren’t supposed to be there. The most prominent memory was of a red-haired woman with green eyes … or were they black? She couldn’t quite remember. The woman’s gaze was full of fire and hatred and she took something away— something very important. She was starting to think that the red-haired woman was the reason she was here, imprisoned like this, in the dark.
The memories weren’t all bad. There was a man with dark hair and green eyes whose skin radiated a magical heat against hers. She tried the hardest to concentrate on that man, but his face was always just out of focus. She knew, but didn’t know how she knew, that this man would save her. It was this small ray of hope that enabled her to hold on and brave the darkness.

***

Chase awoke with a start, jerking his head up from where it had been resting on Asiah’s bed next to where he still held her hand. He’d had another strange dream. In this dream Asiah was trapped in a black cell, restrained by a dark, unfathomable force. He couldn’t see her or hear her, but he knew that she was stuck there and needed his help to be freed. He hoped it was a glimpse of someplace in her mind that he’d be able to find. It was just as likely that it was a manifestation of his own fears. 
He felt more rested now, after sleeping for a few hours at least. One of the nurses poked her head into Asiah’s room a moment later.
“Oh, Mr. Brandon, I didn’t know anyone was here. Do you know where Dr. O’Connor is?”
Chase rubbed his eyes. “I sent her home last night. She is taking her sister’s condition rather badly.” He left out the part about the miscarriage scare.
The nurse gave him a pitying look. “I’m sure she is. Agent Jacks was wondering what happened and I don’t know what to tell him.”
He sighed and stood up. “I’ll speak to him.” He followed the nurse to the reception area to see Jacks pacing. Since it was a Sunday, he was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans like Chase.
“Brandon!” he said as Chase approached. “I can’t find Asiah and she won’t answer her phone. Same with Meri. I’m worried.”
Chase stalled. “It’s Sunday. What do you need her for?”
“She’s supposed to come with me to visit my Great-Granddad today.”
Chase frowned. Asiah hadn’t told him of this plan, but then it wasn’t any of his business. He tamped down his jealous feelings in order to tell Jacks the bad news. He nodded to an empty room and closed the door once they were inside. “Asiah’s been hurt.”
Jacks paled. “What? How?”
“I believe she was attacked.”
Jacks’ face suffused with anger and he fisted his hands in Chase’s T-shirt. “What the hell happened, Brandon?”
“Take your hands off me,” Chase said quietly. His voice held a dangerous edge and Jacks reluctantly released him. “I’m not yet sure what happened,” he hedged. The last thing he needed was for Jacks to go off half-cocked.
“I’ll kill him. Whoever it is is a dead man!” Jacks balled his hands into fists, itching for a fight.
Chase held up a hand. “There’s nothing to be done at the moment, but you can see her.” He led Jacks to Asiah’s room.
Jacks dropped into the chair Chase had slept in and took Asiah’s hand. “Why isn’t she awake? Shouldn’t she have healed by now?”
Chase crossed his arms. “Meri says she’s in a coma.”
Jacks’ head swung around. “A coma? Can’t you do something?”
“I plan to. I’m taking her into the Scialytic Chamber shortly.”
“And you can bring her out of it?”
“I’m going to bloody well try,” Chase said, somewhat harshly.
Jacks raked his hands through his blond hair. “Where is Meri, anyway?”
“I sent her home last night. She was pretty shaken up.”
“Why didn’t you call me?”
Chase shrugged. “I’m sorry, it didn’t cross my mind.”
Jacks stood and walked in front of Chase. “Just help her, okay? I’ve already lost one Torricelli, and I don’t mean to lose another.”
“You know I will do everything in my power to bring her back. In the meantime, you have seniority around here and Asiah’s employees will need an explanation at some point. It can probably wait until Monday. You should go talk to Meri. She needs someone to talk to and I have to take care of Asiah. I’m not sure she wants to be around me anyway,” Chase said, recalling the still-palpable tension between him and Meri.
“You mean she doesn’t want to be comforted by the man who called her by her sister’s name in bed and then knocked her up? I wonder why?” Jacks said scathingly.
“Don’t go there, Jacks.” Chase leveled a dark look on him.
Jacks scowled and jerked the door open. “You’d like that wouldn’t you, Brandon?” He stormed out.
Chase sighed and reminded himself that Asiah’s condition was causing people to lash out and he just happened to be the one taking the brunt of it. He went to the nurses’ station and told the nurse that he had spoken to earlier that he wanted to move Asiah to the Scialytic Chamber as soon as possible.
He changed his clothes and met the nurses with the gurney in the chamber’s ante-room. Both nurses tried unsuccessfully to avert their eyes from his naked chest as he carefully lifted Asiah into his arms. He carried her inside as one of the nurses closed the door behind him. Settling Asiah on her back in the center of the room, he sat down, maneuvering her head into his lap. He was the last one to use the room, so it was still calibrated to his energy force. The energy circled around him as if he was the only one in the room and he tried not to let it bother him that it didn’t swirl around Asiah as well. After sending out a few test pulses to check the calibration, he spread his fingers on either side of her face and closed his eyes.
It was more difficult to enter her mind than his own, but she was in no position to resist. He just hoped she didn’t have any barriers blocking his path as his own labyrinth was designed to do. After a moment his vision cleared and he looked around, recognizing the clearing in her forest. He knew where he was, but the forest looked like a completely different place. The tree trunks were blackened and shriveled and the branches were cracked and dry. Very few leaves clung precariously to the branches and those that did were brown and brittle. The ground was littered with dead leaves and piles of rubble. He bent to pick up a piece of debris and found that it was a chunk of polished marble. She hadn’t exaggerated that her mind was undergoing some changes before the attack.
The forest was eerily quiet; no bird sounds could be heard and there wasn’t a wind of any sort. The first glimpse he’d seen of her mind had told him her name. He’d heard it whispered through the trees on a soft, gentle wind, beckoning to him. Now, there was no sound at all. He knew where the reflecting pool had been and started off in that direction. A larger pile of rubble filled the space at the base of the cliff where the pool was no longer. He stood on the rocky outcropping where he had constructed the elemental gateway before and looked bleakly at the rubble. Something had been here before, but what he couldn’t tell. By the pieces that were left he would have guessed it was a massive fountain.
He jumped down from the outcropping into the rubble, picking his way to the center while looking for clues. It appeared to him that something had destroyed the fountain, if that’s even what was there. He climbed to the top of the rubble pile and saw her face. He jumped in surprise as he bent to get a closer look. It wasn’t Asiah’s face as he previously thought, but a piece of sculpture that once was a woman’s face. Upon closer inspection he decided it looked nothing like Asiah, just a generic woman. He allowed himself a little smile as he thought that all women seemed generic next to Asiah. She truly was one of a kind. He ran his fingers over the sculpted face and an image flashed through his mind. It was of Asiah— no, Meri holding a baby in a nursery while he looked on. He knew that it was unlikely that it was an image of the future, but in Asiah’s mind, perhaps it was. Had it driven her to do the unthinkable? Chase wouldn’t believe it. She was stronger than that.
	He dropped the marble face and headed back to the clearing. He ran a hand through his hair and realized it was long again. He’d always preferred it longer, because it required less maintenance, but he noticed that men in this century generally kept it shorter. Perhaps he would grow accustomed to having it short. Maybe he would ask Asiah what she preferred if she woke. When, he told himself, when she wakes. He would wear his hair braided with feathers in it if she would just come back to him. He still wondered why he’d come through the portal from his prison without any hair at all. Maybe it had burned up in the fire gateway.
He crossed the clearing and walked through a thicket to where he remembered her library was. The small brick building was unimposing from the outside, but like all psychological libraries, it was bigger on the inside. He tried the mahogany door. It didn’t open. Throwing his shoulder against it, he shoved but it wouldn’t budge. He was hesitant to use his power in her mind while it was in such disarray, but he needed to search everything. He stood back from the door and used just a little energy to jar the wooden door loose on its hinges. It creaked open and he saw a beam of wood wedged against it from the inside. Kicking the beam aside, he peered into the gloom. Her library had been brightly lit the last time he was there, with skylights and tall windows everywhere. Now it was dark and gloomy, which confused Chase as it had been a bright day outside. Upon closer inspection he noticed the windows were covered in dust and grime, both on the inside and out. Books were strewn about carelessly, like someone had torn it apart looking for something.
Asiah had explained to him about how her hatred had caused changes in her mind, but he never imagined this. The forest looked like it had been torn apart by a massive storm and the library had clearly been searched, but for what and by whom he didn’t know. He suspected Marysa, but believed that Asiah was strong enough to keep her out. At least he thought she was. He needed to return to her house after this to search for more clues. Looking around despairingly, he wished he could sense Asiah’s presence, but it was like she’d left her mind entirely. Her library was much fuller than the last time he’d seen it. There were thousands of books in piles on the floor or scattered haphazardly on the shelves. He was rather impressed with the amount of knowledge she’d gained in his absence. Most people faced with her predicament at her young age would have given up after the death of their mentor.
He bent to retrieve a book from on top of a pile at his feet. He blew the dust from the cover and opened it. All the books inside one’s mental library were written as journals, chronicling events or thoughts in order. This book was from Asiah’s time on Ocea, shortly after she arrived there. He began reading:

This morning I saw a bird outside my window with blue and green feathers that shimmered in the dawn’s light. Its song was a single, mournful note that drifted into my room and truly into my very soul. I wept for the sorrow that still enfolds my heart. Chase has been gone these four years, but the pain is as fresh as if he left me only yesterday. The only respite is that I know he is in the æthers, where he truly belongs. If his sacrifice has not earned him the most esteemed position there, then nothing in this life will ever make sense to me. My only regret is that I didn’t tell him enough times how much I loved him. How much I still do…

Chase brushed away the tears that stung his eyes. He could feel her pain in the words on the page as if he were, well, inside her mind. He closed the book and dropped it on the stack. How many other books detailed the extent of her sorrow? He felt a knife in his gut for leaving her so bereft, but it only strengthened his resolve to find her and make her his once and for all. 
He looked around the dim library and a saw a glint of light nearby. A beam of sunlight penetrated the dingy windows and landed on something shiny. He went to the table and pulled a piece of shimmery blue cloth from a splintered edge of the table. He recognized it immediately as the material Asiah’s dress was made from. It looked like a piece of the hem. Was she running from something when her dress caught on the table? What was she running from? He was about to leave when something else caught his eye. He bent and retrieved a long, red hair from the floor beneath the table. Marysa. Chase clenched the material in his fist and made a quick search of the rest of the library. Marysa had been in Asiah’s head and in her room, but left Asiah alive for some reason. What was the evil Shade up to?

***

Chase didn’t want to spend all day in Asiah’s mind, even though it was perfectly safe to do so. He couldn’t waste another moment there when he should be going after Marysa. After making sure Asiah was situated in her suite at Sapphire, Chase called Meri. She answered wearily.
“Hello …?”
“Meri, it’s Chase.”
“I know,” she said, but didn’t offer explanation.
“How are you feeling?”
“Crampy.”
Chase paused uncomfortably. “I’m sorry. Is there anything I can do?”
“Not really.”
“Well … I just wanted to make sure you were alright.”
“I’m fine. Sawyer’s here.”
“Good. If you need anything—”
“I said I’m fine,” she interrupted irritably. “Don’t worry yourself over me.” She hung up.
Chase stared at his cell for a moment before dropping it back in his pocket. Meri had seemed grateful for his help the previous night, but her frosty attitude this morning indicated that she was less than thrilled to still be saddled with the surprise pregnancy that linked her inexorably to the man who was in love with her sister. He worried for Meri, but there were more important things for him to do at the moment. Like finding Marysa. 
Whatever she’d done to Asiah, she was confident enough to leave her body behind, albeit barely alive, which didn’t bode well for Chase finding a way to save her. He needed to find the Shade and break her hold over Asiah.
He was exhausted, and wearily climbed the stairs to the roof. The best way to find Marysa was to channel around the planet until he sensed her unique electromagnetic signature. Unfortunately, she was able to hide herself as well, using modern technology as well as her own power to create dummy fields that threw him off. He’d done the same thing when he was training Asiah outside Chicago. He knew this was how she’d hidden herself, Ben and Chase from Asiah when she’d kidnapped them before. It was likely she would do the same again.
A few moments later, he cursed aloud as he landed on the roof after circumnavigating the globe several times to no avail. He’d stopped briefly at the warehouse in Moscow, but Aleyev seemed to have abandoned the property. It was immensely frustrating to know that Marysa could be anywhere and he couldn’t help Asiah without finding her. If only he could get help from another source … He stopped pacing in his tracks. Of course! He would go to New Mexico and talk to the Council.
Strictly speaking, he was not worthy to ask their counsel, but he was out of options. Their emissary on Earth had been attacked and incapacitated. They had to take an interest in that, right? He didn’t give it a second thought, and channeled directly to the New Mexican desert. Landing at the edge of the anomaly, he stepped inside its peculiar energy field. He realized that he should have brought some supplies or a way to get to the center of the anomaly. Unless … 
He brought his hands together in front of him, testing his powers. Flames leapt from his fingertips. “Strange,” he muttered aloud to himself. In these types of anomalies, he’d never been able to do more than create a few useless sparks. Summoning his strength, he focused on the center of the anomaly and closed his eyes. Seconds later, his feet were skidding toward the edge of a cliff. “Bloody hell!” he cursed as he scrambled back from the edge. Had he really just channeled through an electromagnetic anomaly? It must have been the combined power of the new stones Meri had inserted into his spine. His power had never quite been this free-flowing or controllable before. It gave him a rush. One akin to having Asiah in his arms. He stood up and dusted himself off, then leaned over the cliff’s edge and spied a ledge about 50 feet below. Weighing his options, he could channel again, climb down, or jump. He hesitated to channel in case the energies around this place shifted and he ended up plummeting to his death. Climbing would take time and he didn’t have the proper equipment. If he jumped there was a good chance he could control the fall enough to land in one piece. It would require less energy on his part than channeling and thus be easier to control if the fields were uneven on the way down.
Chase had very few real fears, having lived so long and seen almost every horrible thing this planet had to offer up-close and personal, but he’d never been a fan of high places. He reminded himself this was for Asiah and his only true fear was losing her forever. With a deep breath he jumped off the cliff. The fall seemed to last forever, but finally the mouth of the cave appeared before him an instant before he slowed his descent. He landed on his feet and hastily stepped away from the edge of the cliff.
Peering into the gloom, he illuminated his hand like a torch and strode into the cave. A short while later he was crouched before a small hole in the rocks. Without hesitation he channeled through the gap and found himself in the Council’s chamber. It was warmer in here and he could feel an alien energy permeating the space. Tendrils of dread curled around him as he realized he was not welcome here. But it was too late. He wasn’t turning back if there was a chance these beings could help him. He approached a round stone in the center of the chamber and placed his hands on it. A shock of electricity made him recoil as he felt the energy in the room shift. A low buzzing could be heard echoing off the smooth walls.
“Interloper!” a voice hissed in his head.
Chase whirled in a circle, but he was still alone in the room.
“Intruder!” another said.
He steeled his nerve. The Ikhälea were not physically here, he reminded himself. They could not hurt him. “I need your help,” he said clearly, forcing his voice not to waver.
“Conjurer …?” another, more feminine voice asked.
“It is I, Chase Brandon, Supreme Conjurer.”
Multiple tittering sounds rippled through his head. Were they laughing at him? 
“Supreme you are not.”
Chase was beginning to dislike these people. “Show yourselves.”
Another round of laughter. “Your eyes cannot conceive of us. It is a wonder your primitive mind can hear our words.”
Primitive? “Why do you say I am not who I say I am?”
“A Conjurer you are; Supreme you are not.”
“I am the only Conjurer left. I trained your True Shade.”
“You trained her … and corrupted her. Had you been the Supreme Conjurer we may have overlooked your Earthly indiscretion when you reached the afterlife.”
Chase was confused, but then, the Ikhälea were known for speaking in riddles. “I sent hundreds of Conjurers to their deaths for the sole purpose of being the only one left to train Asi— the True Shade. Now you’re telling me I’m not who I think I am?”
“You would be the Supreme Conjurer if you were indeed the only one left. You are not.”
He was taken aback. How could this be? Conjurers could only be trained by other Ikhälean Conjurers, and if they were all dead … “Who else is there?”
The Ikhälean voice sounded irritated. “It matters not who. Only that you did not complete your task. You were distracted by your human urges. That is why you were imprisoned. The other became Supreme upon your death.”
That made sense, but Chase had been sure that he was the only one left. What if Marysa had trained someone? He didn’t know much about her, but was fairly sure she was greedy enough not to share her powers. After all, training a human took considerable time and effort, as Chase recalled from his early years. He needed to find this other Conjurer, but first, there was another reason he’d come to this place.
“The True Shade has been attacked by a Phantom. I don’t know how to help her.”
A brief silence followed and Chase guessed that the Ikhälea were talking amongst themselves and he couldn’t hear them.
“Has the Phantom taken the True Shade’s power stone?”
“I … I’m not sure,” Chase confessed.
“If she takes her power stone at the moment the True Shade’s life ends, the Phantom will become True.”
“And you’re alright with that?” he demanded angrily.
“It matters not to us who completes the mission, only that the Earth is saved.”
“She’ll destroy the Earth! Asiah is the only one who can save it!”
“Then we will find another planet upon which to begin a new existence.”
He couldn’t believe they spoke of the people of Earth so lightly, as if the very lives of the six billion humans inhabiting the planet didn’t matter. If they couldn’t evolve into the advanced race of the future, they were worth less than nothing. “Please, tell me how to help her. I’ll do anything,” he pleaded.
“Your debt to us is paid.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“The True Shade has agreed to serve out your sentence upon her imminent death.”
Chase felt like a dagger had pierced his heart. Asiah agreed to take his place in the prison dimension after her death? Why would she do such an idiotic thing? For love, a little voice said. When she woke up he was going to have a long talk with her about that. She could have left him in there; she didn’t have to give up her place in the æthers for him. He thrust that thought aside and focused on the reason he was before the Council. “Asiah is in some sort of coma. The Phantom Shade did something to her mind. I need to bring her back. Can you help me or not?”
“Yes,” a voice sighed. “But you must complete your quest first.”
“What must I do?”
“You must become the Supreme Conjurer … and she must be the only Shade.”
Chase wasn’t thrilled about having to take two lives in order to get help from these beings, but he didn’t have a choice. “Who is the Supreme Conjurer?”
“A face from your past.”
“Will you not tell me any more than that?”
“It is not for us to meddle in the affairs of humans.”
Chase would have laughed at the absurdity of the notion if he hadn’t just received so much bad news. “I see. Kill the Supreme Conjurer and kill the Phantom Shade. Got it.” He considered for a moment; something else had been bothering him. “Am I the Fallen Conjurer?”
“You know the answer to that.”
So it was true. In a way, he’d already known.
“Time grows short, Chase Brandon.” It was the feminine voice again. 
He could almost hear some sort of emotion in her voice that sounded like longing … or regret. And she’d been the only one to use his name. He wished he could see her.
“Please hurry,” she whispered, and then there was only a deathly silence. The beings were gone.
That was interesting. None of the voices seemed to care too much whether Asiah lived or died, but that last voice … It almost seemed as if she did care.

***

She woke in a cold sweat, shivering from head to toe, and clutched at the blankets around her, trying to get her bearings. She was in a bedroom, simply furnished with a queen-sized bed and matching bureau. Generic prints of various wildflowers hung on the otherwise bare walls. The lamp on the bedside table was turned to its dimmest setting, casting shadows across the bed. A glass of water sat next to the lamp and she lunged for it, drinking thirstily. Gasping, she took another look around. There were no windows so she couldn’t tell if it was day or night. She must have been asleep, but she couldn’t remember … anything. Carefully climbing from the bed, she noted that she felt strange in her own skin. She was dressed in loose-fitting pants and a tank-top, presumably her pajamas. In the adjoining bathroom, she flipped on the lights and, squinting against the sudden glare, peered at the woman reflected in the mirror.
She had brown hair that could use a good brushing, a pale complexion with a sprinkling of freckles across her nose, and golden-brown eyes. She touched her cheek to make sure she was looking at herself and not someone else through a window. Who was she? Why was she here? It was very disconcerting not being able to recall one iota of information about herself. She gasped as she noticed the jagged red scars on the inside of each wrist. Turning on the cold water, she splashed some on her face and pulled a towel from a rack near the shower to dry her clammy skin. Back in the bedroom, she found a sweatshirt draped over the bedpost bearing the letters “MIT.” She pulled it on and glanced toward the door. Should she stay here and wait for someone to find her? What would she do if she knew who she was?
Going with her gut feeling, she left the bedroom to explore. A small kitchen and living room made up the rest of the apartment, but there still weren’t any windows. She found this strange. She tried the door that appeared to lead outside and found it unlocked. Feeling slightly relieved to know that she wasn’t being held prisoner, she poked her head out and found a hallway stretching in both directions lined with many other identical doors. She looked at the front of her door for an identifying number and saw that it said simply “WP-10.” Committing those digits to memory, she opted to go right, and tugged her door closed behind her, making sure to leave it unlocked. Halfway down the hall she realized that she hadn’t put on any shoes. Shrugging that off, she continued down the corridor until she came to a stairwell. After climbing three flights, she found a door bearing a large “G.” On the other side of the door she found herself in a lavishly appointed lobby. The floors were polished black marble and pillars of blue frosted glass towered over her head. Her bare feet didn’t make a sound as she rounded a corner and saw some doors that led outside at last. As she headed for the revolving door, a voice behind her made her jump.
“Director?”
She turned to see a muscular man with a shaved head staring at her with a look of utter astonishment. He stood up and she noticed his uniform and badge. He was some kind of security or police officer, she guessed. As he drew nearer, she saw that his name badge said “Vincent Porter, Head of Security.”
“Director?” he repeated. “Are you alright?”
Was he speaking to her? Was she the director of something? She glanced around in confusion. “I … I don’t know,” she managed. Her breathy voice sounded foreign to her.
“I thought you were in a coma,” he said, stepping closer.
She took a precautionary step back. “I was sleeping … and then …” She trailed off, completely at a loss.
“Do you know where you are, Asiah?”
She frowned at him. “I’m in Asia?” That didn’t seem right.
His eyebrows seemed to climb higher on his forehead. “Do you remember anything?”
She shook her head. “No, but I know my door says WP-10.”
He pulled a cell phone from his pocket and pressed a button. “Come sit down,” he said to her, gesturing to the chair he had vacated, then spoke into the phone. “Dr. O’Connor? It’s Vince. Sorry to wake you, but you’re going to want to come down here.”







Chapter Seventeen

Chase stared at the conference table before him helplessly. He’d been wracking his brain for several days trying to figure out what “face from his past” could possibly still be alive. He’d gone through several of his old journals and writings, looking for anything that might stand out. He’d been present for almost every execution and for those he wasn’t, he’d seen proof of death. His journals were meticulously kept and after spreading everything out in Asiah’s largest conference room, he still couldn’t find anything that would lead him to the one that survived. It had been over a century since his last execution and whoever this last Conjurer was was probably holding one hell of a grudge since Chase would have tried to have him or her killed. It was unlikely that the person knew that Chase was alive, which gave him a sort of advantage, but he still didn’t know where to look.
He’d gone back to Asiah’s house a few days ago to look for more clues and found nothing. He called a carpet cleaning company to come take care of the blood in her bedroom so she didn’t have to see it the next time she arrived home.
If Asiah were here, she’d know where to start looking. Hell, she could probably close her eyes and go through Chase’s memories until she found something out of place. He wished she was here more than anything. He rubbed his hands over his face and was about to go raid the cafeteria when his phone buzzed in his pocket.
“Brandon.”
“Chase, it’s Meri.”
He raised his eyebrows. She was the last person whose voice he expected to hear. Before he could ask if anything was wrong with the pregnancy, she spoke again.
“It’s Asiah.”
“What’s wrong?” he demanded, his whole body tensing.
“She’s awake.”
His knees practically buckled with relief. “Where…?” he choked out.
“We’re in the infirmary, but Chase—”
He didn’t wait to hear the rest. Snapping his phone shut, he ran for the stairs. He burst into the infirmary moments later to see Meri peering into Asiah’s eye with an ophthalmoscope. Both women turned to him as he braced a hand on the doorframe to catch his breath. Meri took his arm and steered him from the room before he could speak.
“What?” he asked, jerking his arm from her grasp. “Why can’t I see her?”
“Listen to me Chase. She can’t remember anything.”
“About the attack?”
She sighed. “About anything.”
His mouth fell open. “You mean like what happened to me?”
“Yes, but it’s different somehow. I just wanted to warn you.”
He ran a hand through his hair. “Thanks … Do you think if I touch her …?”
She shrugged. “Worth a try.”
He hesitated. “How is she feeling?”
“Confused, but perfectly healthy. I gave her some serum a few days ago but it seems to have worn off already. Her eyes are brown. That’s the only thing that’s a little strange, aside from the memory loss.”
“Can I see her now?”
Meri nodded. “Just be gentle. She doesn’t know who you are.”
Chase entered the room and Asiah’s eyes met his. He was reminded of the first time he’d seen her brown eyes with little gold flecks in them. He jammed his hands into his pockets to keep himself from lunging at her and scooping her up in his arms. She probably wouldn’t take it well.
“Hello,” she said, without a hint of recognition.
“Hello, love.”
She blushed at the endearment, which he enjoyed immensely. He realized he didn’t care if she remembered him or not, he would make her fall in love all over again now that she was awake.
“I’m Chase,” he said, extending his hand and hoping for the best.
She took it and he felt … nothing. No jolt of electricity or tingling sensation. And no memory recall. Strange indeed. Her skin had tingled when she was in the coma, but not anymore.
“I’m Asiah, apparently.” She grinned sheepishly. “It’s such a weird name, isn’t it?”
“I’ve always liked it,” he said quietly.
“She got the normal name,” Asiah said, nodding at Meri. “So I guess our parents weren’t entirely crazy.”
Her sister snorted. “My name is far from normal. Meri is just short for Merica, which is now a running joke thanks to our last President. Our father had some whimsical reason for naming us the way he did which you’ll remember in time.”
“I hope so,” Asiah muttered.
“So you’ve figured out that you’re sisters then,” he said, glancing at Meri.
“Can’t keep much from this one,” Meri said with a wink at Asiah.
“I know what I look like,” Asiah said. “I saw my reflection, then noticed that she looks just like me. I’m not an idiot, I’ve just lost my memory.”
Chase chuckled. “I’ve heard that before.”
She cocked an eyebrow at him. “Who are you anyway, Chase?”
“Er …” He wasn’t sure exactly how to answer that.
Meri saved him the trouble. “He’s your boyfriend,” she said with a hint of irritation.
“Oh.” Asiah blushed again. “Why didn’t you say so?”
Chase managed a half-smile. “We hadn’t really defined our relationship in so many words until now.”
If possible, she turned a deeper shade of red. “And here I am gallivanting about in my pajamas. You must think me so improper.”
Her shyness was endearing and he couldn’t resist tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. “Never, love.”
She yawned voraciously. “So, I’ve been asleep for … how long?”
“A little over a week,” Chase answered. It had felt like a year.
“Oh, well, I’m still exhausted. I feel like someone has wreaked havoc in my brain.”
“Someone has,” he said darkly. At her look of alarm he helped her down from the exam table and pulled her to his chest. He was relieved when she didn’t resist. “Don’t worry, love. I’m going to find a way to get your memory back, no matter what it takes. I promise.”
After Meri was finished with her exam, he helped Asiah back to her suite and made sure she was comfortable. He half-hoped she’d ask him to stay so she didn’t have to be alone. When she didn’t, he turned to leave. She stopped him.
“Chase?”
He turned around, hopeful. “Yes, love?”
She traced a finger over the angry red scar on her left wrist. “What happened to me?”
He sank onto the bed and took her hand, turning it over so she didn’t have to look at the scar. “We’re still working that out.”
Her voice dropped to a pained whisper. “Did I hurt myself?”
“No.” He shook his head. “You would never do that to yourself.”
“Oh,” she said with some relief. “Thank you, Chase.”
“You’re welcome.” He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her forehead. “I love you,” he whispered against her skin, and turned to go before she could respond.

***

Meri, Asiah, Chase and Sawyer sat around the kitchen table at Meri’s house, avoiding eye contact with each other. Well, Meri was anyway. Chase was gazing at Asiah with big puppy-dog eyes that made Meri want to throw up. Asiah stared at the bottle of water in front of her, looking as miserable as she had last night when Meri arrived at Sapphire to see her sitting at Vince’s desk in her pajamas.
They were gathered to discuss their next move. Obviously something had to be done about the redheaded woman and they needed a better plan than to wait around for her to attack again. It was Chase’s idea to meet, and Asiah was here because she was involved, whether or not she could remember why. Sawyer was here for moral support. He showed up at Meri’s house last week after the miscarriage scare and kept her company for a while, even though she tried to tell him she was fine. He didn’t know about the pregnancy; only Chase and Asiah did, so he was there to comfort her after her twin sister had a near-death experience, which was fine with her. She told Sawyer her discomfort and cramping were stress responses and he didn’t question it.
Meri cleared her throat and Chase snapped to attention. “Chase? Would you like to start?”
“Yes, thank you.” He shot a sheepish glance at Meri. “I thought we should have a plan. Marysa obviously did something to Asiah’s mind and I for one am not going to wait around for her to come back and finish the job.”
“I agree,” Sawyer chimed in, with a sad look at Asiah. “We should have killed the bitch when we had the chance.” Asiah raised her eyebrows at Sawyer’s vulgarity, but didn’t say anything.
“What’s past is past,” Chase said. “There’s no point in dwelling on what should have been done. We need to focus on what to do now. Marysa has hidden herself away and I have no way of finding her. Any suggestions?”
“We could bait her somehow,” Meri said. “Draw her out.”
“With what bait? I hope you’re not suggesting we use your sister,” Chase said.
“Isn’t it strange that she was left alive in the first place?” Sawyer put in. “After Ben was killed Asiah told me that she would have died that night instead if Ben hadn’t saved her. Something about Marysa taking Asiah’s power stone at the moment of her death. But this time, she was left alive. Why?”
“I don’t know,” Chase admitted. “If I’d been there only a few minutes earlier …” He clenched his jaw and Meri felt a twinge of pity for him.
“Did you find anything inside her mind?” Meri asked.
He shook his head. “Only that Marysa had been there. I need to take another look now that she’s awake.”
“Does ‘she’ get a say in any of this?” Asiah spoke up. She sounded so much like her old self, Meri could have cried.
	Chase let out a low chuckle. “Of course, love. What do you want to do?”
She looked at him. “Why don’t you fill me in on this Marysa person and tell me what she did to me?”
He sighed and Meri sensed that he was about to sugarcoat it to protect Asiah’s feelings. She piped up before he had a chance. “A long time ago you ravaged Marysa’s mind, putting her in a state of catatonia for 75 years. She was restored recently by a synthetic serum that enhances super-human abilities. Afterwards she kidnapped your husband and killed him, throwing you into a deep depression during which you let your guard down and she attacked you after you’d had too much to drink, effectively obliterating your memory. Either that, or you tried to kill yourself.”
Asiah’s eyes went wide and Chase stood up angrily.
“Bloody hell, Meri! She barely knows who she is! You can’t drop a bomb like that on her!”
“Chase,” Asiah said softly, putting her hand on his arm. “It’s fine. I want to know these things, even if they’re hard to hear. How else am I supposed to learn who I am?”
He sank back into his chair. “Not like this.” He glared at Meri, then turned back to Asiah with a sigh. “I’ll tell you anything you want to know, but for now, we need to find a way to neutralize Marysa before she can hurt you again. I want to look into your mind again now that you’re awake. Will you allow me to do that?”
“If she’s as evil as she sounds, I’d like to help in any way I can. Although, I have no idea what you’re talking about when you say you want to look inside my mind.”
Meri was a little surprised that Asiah was taking this all so well, but then the Asiah she knew could handle almost anything. Except maybe alcohol. Meri would have to talk to her about her drinking. “So Chase will go poking around in Asiah’s head. What should the rest of us do?”
“I need to find someone from my past,” Chase said. “Someone like me. I have a list of names that you can check against your government databases.”
“I can do that,” Sawyer said. “Who is this person?”
“Another Ikhälean Conjurer. Apparently I’m not the only one left as I previously thought.”
“Wouldn’t we have heard about this person?” Meri asked.
“Would you know about me if I didn’t want you to?” Chase said.
“I suppose not. But if someone out there has the same powers as you, I think it would be hard to keep it a secret.”
“One doesn’t become Supreme Conjurer by flagrantly displaying one’s powers.”
“So you and Asiah are working together, and Sawyer will look for a name on your list; is there anything I can do?” Meri inquired.
“You can get Asiah’s spinal stones prepped for insertion. I don’t know why the serum isn’t working, but if her memory can be restored soon, she’ll want to be ready to take on Marysa. If not, I’ll have to train her again to use her abilities. Either way, she needs those stones soon.”
“I can have the O.R. ready first thing in the morning.”
“Good. I’ll do some work with her tonight and she’ll be ready for surgery tomorrow.”
Asiah looked a little shell-shocked, but she was keeping it together fairly well. Meri stood up, indicating that their meeting was over. She walked around the table to where Asiah stood somewhat unsteadily and gave her sister a hug. Asiah relaxed a little.
“I’ll see you in the morning, A. Don’t worry about a thing, we’re going to take very good care of you.”
“Thanks,” Asiah said, still sounding unsure of herself.
Chase took Asiah’s hand and led her from the kitchen. Meri heard her front door close shortly after that. She sagged into her chair and laid her head on the table. Worst. Week. Ever.
“Can I get you anything?” Sawyer’s voice startled her. She’d almost forgotten he was here.
“No, thanks. I think I just need to get some sleep. This week has been the longest one of my life.”
To her surprise, Sawyer stepped behind her chair and began massaging her shoulders. “I’ll say. It must have been hell on you when Asiah was attacked. It was for me, anyway.”
Meri wondered if Sawyer still had feelings for Asiah. “Yeah,” she evaded, remembering the night she thought she’d miscarried. That was a rough night. Part of her was nearly relieved that she wouldn’t have to raise a child with the man who loved her sister, but another part of her was becoming rather attached to the idea of having her own child. Her conflicted emotions combined with Asiah’s incident had been more than Meri could handle.
Sawyer continued to rub her shoulders for a few moments until the silence became awkward. His hands slipped away and she felt a little disappointed.
“I should go,” he said. “Call me if you need anything, won’t you?” He stood awkwardly behind her chair for a moment until she turned around and looked at him questioningly.
He looked at her for a moment with an unreadable expression, and then leaned forward to plant a kiss on top of her head. Then he turned and strode from the kitchen before she could react. She didn’t have time to overthink the unusual show of emotion; she just wanted a hot bath and a good night’s sleep. Asiah’s operation would take several hours and she wanted to be well rested.

***

Chase’s eyes glowed bright green as he set about “calibrating” the strange white room. It seemed absurd to Asiah that this would all be very normal if she were in her right mind. Chase said that she had even designed this room herself. It was called the “Scialytic Chamber.” She didn’t even know what the word scialytic meant.
He was wearing a pair of shimmery white pants and told her that in her locker she’d find some clothes of the same material. She felt a little exposed in the tight shorts and tank top, but apparently she had designed those too, and shouldn’t be embarrassed to wear them, especially in front of her boyfriend. She could see why she’d be with a man like Chase. He was handsome, had a great smile, and seemed to dote on her every chance he got. She could tell he wanted to show his feelings more, but was holding back because of her memory loss. She wasn’t sure she’d mind if he did try to put some moves on her. But that was awkward too; Meri had said something about a husband and Chase said they hadn’t defined their relationship properly yet. Had they only been together a short time? How long ago had her husband died? Had she been intimate with Chase? These questions and a host of others nagged at her incessantly.
He finished his calibration and smiled at her encouragingly. She felt a little flutter in her belly and wasn’t certain if it was from nerves or from the budding attraction she felt for him. It had to be nerves. She’d only met Chase last night! How could she be feeling anything for him yet? He plopped down on the floor across from her and took her hands. A shiver went through her and she squeezed her eyes shut in embarrassment.
He mistook her shiver for fear. “Don’t worry, love,” he said gently. “This is perfectly safe, and we’ve done it a few times before.”
“I’m not afraid.”
“Cold, then?” he said quirking a dark brow.
“No.”
“Then it’s good to see that you’re not immune to my touch.” He lifted one of her hands and brushed his lips across her knuckles with a mischievous grin. 
Her face grew hot as he chuckled.
“Right. So this is very simple,” he began. “We’ll close our eyes and you’ll feel a slight pressure in your head, like someone is trying to whisper something in your ear but you can’t quite hear it. I need you to relax and imagine you are opening a door to invite me inside. That’s all there is to it. You’ll open your eyes and see a forest … or what used to be a forest. I’ll be there to guide you. Are you ready?”
She nodded and closed her eyes. She felt the pressure Chase spoke of, and relaxed her mind to let him in. It was strangely familiar, and this eased her fears slightly. Anything this strange that felt familiar must mean that she retained at least some memory, however vague. She opened her mind’s eye and saw the forest. It wasn’t much to look at, though. Trees were dead, and there were piles of rubble everywhere. It looked like someone had driven through it with a large vehicle that had torn up the ground. It was a little depressing. How had something like this happened?
She turned and saw Chase, but he looked different now. His hair was longer, just brushing the tops of his shoulders. He was dressed in a black linen tunic over loose-fitting pants of the same material. Despite the bleak surroundings, he looked comfortable and at-ease, not like a man whose girlfriend couldn’t remember who he was. He looked around for a moment, frowning.
“Asiah?” he called.
“I’m here,” she said, moving in front of him.
He didn’t hear her, and he seemed to be looking right through her. He called her name again. When he didn’t hear her response a second time, he cursed and closed his eyes. She felt herself being pulled backwards and suddenly she was blinking against the glare in the Scialytic Chamber.
“What happened?” she asked Chase.
“You weren’t there,” he said, scratching his chin.
“Yes, I was.”
“I couldn’t see you.”
“I know. You couldn’t hear me, either, but I was there. I could see and hear you.”
“Strange. It will make it difficult to communicate.”
“Can’t we come back out, like we just did, to talk?”
He shook his head. “When we come out and go back in, we won’t return to the same location. If I travel deep inside your mind and come out, I’d have to start all over at the clearing.”
“Like an entry point?”
“Exactly.”
“Oh. Well, why don’t you travel around and I will just follow and watch? You can talk to me, and I’ll be able to hear you. It’s better than nothing.”
“It doesn’t help explain why you aren’t there,” he said grouchily.
“Maybe you’ll find something in there that will explain it.”
He sighed. “You’re right, love.” He flashed her a grin. “You’re very like yourself, you know. You don’t know who you are, but you still say the same things you would say if you did.”
“I don’t know how else to be,” she said with a shrug. “See you inside.” 
This time when she opened her eyes, Chase was standing right in front of her with a faraway look. On impulse, and knowing he couldn’t see or feel her, she stood on her tiptoes and kissed him. A tiny spark of electricity ignited between them and his eyes grew wide.
“Did you just …?” he started to ask, then stopped, knowing she couldn’t answer. He touched a finger to his lips and smiled. “Hmm. Well, let’s go, then.” He walked off toward the tree line and she followed.
Glancing down, she realized that she really wasn’t there. She couldn’t see her feet or even her body. She put her hands together and couldn’t feel them, either. She was a ghost. A ghost in her own mind. 
Chase walked for a long time through the dead forest, but he seemed to know where he was going. He stopped a couple of times to get his bearings, but continued on shortly. Finally, they came to a small footbridge over what used to be a stream. Now, it was just a dry, cracked streambed. Chase went over the bridge and paused before a dark thicket. The sun’s rays didn’t seem to penetrate the shadowy, gnarled woods here. Chase continued more slowly, pushing into the dense thicket. Asiah followed and after what felt like another hour, they came to a clearing.
In the center of the clearing was a chest. It was small, only about two feet across and a foot deep. It was made of dark mahogany wood and banded with intricately designed wrought iron. There was a keyhole on the front. Chase crouched in front of it and traced his fingers over the keyhole until Asiah heard a faint click. He pushed open the lid and rays of blue light spilled out, illuminating the clearing. He peered inside, dipping his finger in and swirling it around.
“Your memories are intact,” he said conversationally, as if they’d been speaking this entire time. He looked around uncertainly. “I don’t suppose you can come … retrieve them or something?”
So that’s what was in the chest: her memories. Hope flared in her heart. She tried to approach the chest, but an invisible wall held her back. She couldn’t get any closer than about ten feet from the chest and she couldn’t see inside. She let out a groan of frustration. Chase watched the chest closely, presumably waiting for her to do something, but when she couldn’t, he closed the lid with a frown.
“So much for that idea. What’s this now?” He walked to the edge of the clearing and pushed some dried branches out of the way to reveal another chest nestled against the base of a tree. This one was larger, about five feet across. The wood was worn and covered with elaborate carvings. It looked very old. Chase opened the chest and knelt beside it as pale green light burst out of the trunk. A look of fond nostalgia played over his handsome face. “These … are my memories.”
“Why are your memories in my head?” Asiah asked, before she could stop herself.
Fortunately, Chase anticipated her question. “A few weeks ago, I was in your shoes, with no memories.” He tapped his head. “I got them back by touching your hand, and consequently, you saw my entire past as I remembered it. This chest is a copy of the one in my mind. The good news is that your memories have not been destroyed or even meddled with. They are here, just waiting for you to come back. You haven’t lost your memory; your memory has lost you.”
“That’s why you can’t see me. I’m not really here,” she said to herself.
“Come,” he said, slamming the lid shut on his chest. “We have one more place to visit today.”
He led her back through the thicket and across the footbridge. He turned sharply to the right and followed the streambed through the woods. Despite the determination in his steps, Chase looked tired, not the kind of tired that came from lack of sleep, either. He looked like he’d been fighting a long battle, one that had been raging for centuries. Instinctively, Asiah knew he was much older than he looked. Why else would his chest of memories be so much larger than hers?
Their path descended down a slope to a lake surrounded by willow trees. The lake was the first thing they’d seen that was truly beautiful. The water was clear and shimmering in the wan sunlight. Something was different here. Energy flowed through the air near the water. Asiah thought this place must be very important. Chase walked to the water’s edge and looked out across the lake, clenching his jaw.
“Bloody hell,” he whispered. “She can’t have …”
“What?” Asiah asked.
“Your meditative center … is gone.”

***

Silence answered him again, as it had the whole time they’d been here. He wasn’t sure she was here, but she said she could see him and he trusted her. He’d have to explain everything they’d seen when they came out anyway. But he didn’t know how to explain this. Her meditative center, the one place in her mind that should be immovable, permanent and secure, was gone, like it had never existed. The lake was here, clear and blue as always, but the rock in the center where Asiah would go to clear her mind was nowhere to be seen.
The shock of it rocked him. He knew how to fix most things in the mind’s sacred space, but when the center was gone … he was at a complete loss. Marysa had done a serious number on Asiah’s mind. He didn’t know Marysa even possessed the power to alter someone’s meditative center, but he knew now without a doubt that Asiah had not tried to hurt herself in any way. There was dark magic at work here.
He closed his eyes and withdrew from Asiah’s mind. She sighed as he opened his eyes and withdrew his hands. She reached up and rubbed her hands over her face. He was proud of her for handling everything so well. When he’d had no memory, and she told him who he was, he lashed out, demanding that she give him his entire memory back at once. She declined saying that it would be too hard for him. It had been devastating to remember eight centuries in one second, but he also had only that one second to figure out how to save her life.
She dropped her hands and looked at him expectantly. He didn’t know how to explain everything to her in a way that she would believe, given that the first time he explained who she was 75 years ago, she promptly passed out. 
He stated it as simply as he could, knowing there would be time later for further discussion. “Your mind is very strong, and allows you to do things other people can’t. In order to access these abilities, you need to center your mind, and go to a special place in that forest. Your special place used to be in the center of that lake. It’s gone now. Marysa, the woman who attacked you, has removed it somehow, effectively removing you from yourself. She’s hidden your consciousness away somewhere, and we need to find it.”
“Then … how am I here? And conscious?”
He looked at her sadly. “You are just a shell. Asiah isn’t in there anywhere; she’s somewhere else. You have her body with a borrowed consciousness, running on a sort of autopilot. You still have feelings and memories from the moment you awakened, but you aren’t her.” He dropped his eyes from her tortured expression. “I’m sorry,” he added.
She sniffled and wiped a tear from her cheek, forcing a smile. “No problem. I understand.” More tears started to fall and she tried to wipe them away unsuccessfully.
He couldn’t stand to see her like this, even if she was just a ghost of the woman he loved, so he pulled her onto his lap, cradling her face in his hands. “Don’t cry, my love,” he whispered, and kissed the tears from her cheeks. It didn’t matter if she wasn’t Asiah right now, she would be again soon, and she would remember this. He moved his lips down toward her mouth and hesitated. It wasn’t fair of him to expect anything from her; after all she’d only known him a couple of days.
But when she closed her eyes and tilted her chin up, he was lost. He kissed her gently at first, just brushing his lips over hers, not wanting to alarm her with his desire. But she responded so perfectly, innocent and practiced at the same time, that he could barely contain himself. She slid her hand up to cup the back of his neck and he groaned. They remained that way for several minutes, locked together while his kisses became deeper and hungrier. She was the one to break contact, gasping as she looked into his eyes.
“Chase,” she whispered. “What are you doing to me?”
He chuckled softly. “No more than you’re doing to me, love.”
“But … I don’t even know you, yet I feel this attraction.”
“Some of Asiah’s memories linger at the edges of your consciousness, especially strong feelings, such as love.”
“Does she love you?”
He smiled. It was strange to speak as if Asiah wasn’t there. “Yes.”
“And you love her?”
“Infinitely.” He leaned down to nuzzle her neck.
“Then we should stop this,” she said, pulling back and pushing to her feet.
“Why?”
“Because, as you said, I’m not her.”
Chase stood awkwardly. “Is that what you want? For me to leave you alone?” This was too reminiscent of their first days together back in Chicago.
She shrugged helplessly. “How can I know what I want when I don’t know who I am? I only know who I’m not. And that’s the woman you love.”
He stepped forward and took her by the shoulders. “You are not fully her, but some part of you is. I can tell by the way you respond to my touch. Please don’t pull away because you think you’re not the person I want you to be.”
She sighed. “This is all so very confusing.”
He pulled her into his arms. “Stay with me, Asiah, and we’ll get through this together. If death couldn’t keep us apart, a little memory loss won’t either.”
She jerked back. “Death?”
He smiled and gave her a squeeze. “I died once. But you brought me back, and I’ll do the same for you.” He released her. “It’s late. You should get some sleep. Your sister is going to implant some gemstones in your spine tomorrow.”
“Terrifying,” she said dryly. 
He started to explain but she held up a hand.
“Don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.”
“You’ll find out soon enough, love,” he said with a grin, and led her from the chamber.
The following morning, he kissed her forehead before Meri wheeled her into the operating room. When his memory was gone, there was no way anyone would get him under the knife like this. She was fearless. It made her the perfect True Shade.
He’d lain awake all night again, staring at the ceiling in Meri’s guest room, trying to understand what exactly had happened in Asiah’s mind. His conclusion was that the death and destruction there was her own fault, brought about by her hatred that she’d let run her life before the attack. It was salvageable. When she was herself again, he could show her how to fix it and bring the forest back to life. The missing boulder, her meditative center, was taken by Marysa somehow, and consequently Asiah’s consciousness was trapped somewhere else. Chase suspected that it was being held inside Marysa’s mind. He shuddered at the thought. That was one way people went mad: when their conscious minds were meddled with too much by outside sources. He could only hope that Asiah would still have her sanity when this was all over. She’d broken down after Ben’s death and Chase had been worried then, but this was entirely different, and infinitely worse.
He finally had a semblance of a plan: find and eliminate the Supreme Conjurer, find Marysa, and enter her mind to free Asiah. He knew it could be done. The Phantom Shade’s mental capacities were never a match for his, even though Asiah told him that Marysa had fortified her defenses since the last time he’d gone head-to-head with her, so to speak. Once Asiah had her stones implanted and recovered from the surgery, she may even be able to use her powers, although Chase wasn’t hopeful. If her consciousness was gone, her knowledge to use her abilities would be gone, too. She would have to come with him into Marysa’s mind in order to restore herself, and her invisibility would actually be an advantage in this case. The evil Shade couldn’t hide forever, and Chase meant to draw her out as soon as he was able.
He went to Jacks’ office after leaving the infirmary. The door to his office at the back of the armory was open and the interim head of Sapphire Intelligence sat at his desk with his head in his hands.
Chase knocked on the doorframe. “Jacks?”
Jacks lifted his head, blond hair sticking out in all directions. “What is it, Brandon?”
Chase didn’t want to bother him with his request right away, especially when it looked like the man hadn’t slept. “Can I give you a hand with anything?”
“I need an assistant,” he grumbled. “I don’t know how Asiah handled all this. We’re losing accounts every day and I don’t know what to do.” He gestured to the piles of paperwork strewn across his desk.
“Have you asked Lana or Tiffany for help?”
Realization dawned on Jacks’ face. “Why didn’t I think of that?”
Chase shrugged. “We’re all under a lot of stress. I was wondering if you’d had a chance to run that list of names for me?”
“No, sorry, man.”
“I have some time now while Asiah’s in surgery. I just don’t know how to use the database. Technologically challenged.” He grinned.
Jacks dug through the piles on his desk until he found the list. He tossed it across the desk. “Knock yourself out. Dietrich can show you how to use the database.”
“Thanks. I’ll send one of the girls down.”
“Appreciate it, man.”
Chase stopped by the cafeteria to get some tea. He was used to working with only a little sleep, but the stress of Asiah’s predicament had made him extra-tired of late. A good strong cup of black tea ought to do the trick.
He took his tea up to the seventh floor to find Lana looking bored at her desk.
“Hello, Miss Fairchild.”
She jumped. “Oh, Mr. Brandon! Can I help you with something?” She looked desperate for something to do.
“Haven’t I told you to call me Chase? And yes, Agent Jacks is a bit overloaded. Do you think you could give him a hand?”
“Oh, yes!” She jumped up from her desk and picked up her organizer. “Is he in his office?”
“Yes, and if you bring Tiffany with you, I’m sure you can help him get everything all squared away by the end of the day.”
“Thank you, sir— I mean, Chase!” she squealed in delight and scurried away toward Ben’s assistant’s desk.
He took the stairs down to the sixth floor and knocked on Dietrich’s office door.
“He just went down to the gym,” another agent said, jerking a thumb over his shoulder.
Chase thanked the man and headed for the gym. He found Chris Dietrich pummeling the hell out of a hanging punching bag in the corner. The beefy agent glanced up as Chase strode toward him.
“’Morning, Brandon. How’s it going?”
“I’ve been better,” Chase admitted.
“Bet you have,” Dietrich said, and resumed punching the bag. “How’s the boss?”
“She’s in surgery. In the meantime, I need your help with something.”
“Name it.”
“I need to run some names through the government databases.”
“What are we talking? DMV? CODIS?”
Chase wasn’t familiar with those databases, but he knew he needed a wide search. “I’m not sure. I need to find someone from my past. It could be anyone on this list,” he brandished his page, “and they could be anywhere, using any name.”
Dietrich took off his gloves and tossed them on the floor. “Tall order, dude.”
“I know, but I’m in bit of a pinch.”
“This have anything to do with the boss?”
Chase nodded.
Dietrich took the list from him and scanned it. “Why don’t we start with these names and run the usual searches. If nothing turns up we can widen it, but you know you’re looking for a needle—”
“In a haystack, I know,” Chase finished.
Three hours later in Dietrich’s office the monitor in front of Chase pinged and both men sat up straighter in their chairs.
“What is it?” Chase asked, hopeful.
Dietrich squinted at the screen and shook his head. “It’s nothing. Just an old news story of a grave-robbing of one of the names on the list.”
“What name?”
“Calen Malthus.”
Chase’s blood froze. “What’s the date on that story?”
“November of 1933 in Barcelona.”
“That’s right after I was killed. What happened?”
“Grave was found empty, mystified the authorities. Apparently this guy Malthus was a big name during the Inquisition.”
“That’s it. That’s the one I’m looking for,” Chase said. It shouldn’t have been this easy.
“How can you be sure?”
“I didn’t kill Malthus, and I didn’t witness his execution. A reliable source told me that he’d witnessed the killing and burial, but apparently Malthus survived. He was buried alive and if they buried anything with a topaz stone on it with him, he could have used its power to stay alive all these years until … I died.”
“How long ago did you know this guy?”
“How long ago was the Spanish Inquisition?” Chase answered.
Dietrich’s eyebrows shot up. “Wow. That’s a long time to wait in a grave.”
“If I’m correct, he would have been more dead than alive at the point at which I died, making him the Supreme Conjurer. Whatever surge of power he received from that could have given him the strength to escape.”
“What are you going to do now?”
“Find him. Kill him.”
“What does this guy look like?”
Chase shrugged. “Tall, muscular, black hair, hooked nose, formidable sneer.”
Dietrich blanched, then typed a few keys on the keyboard. An image flashed onto the screen. “Is this your guy?”
Chase’s jaw dropped. “That’s him! How did you find his photograph so easily?”
“You know this guy as Calen Malthus, but we know him as Andrei Aleyev.”







Chapter Eighteen

Chase’s shock multiplied. So many things fell into place at once. When Malthus escaped his grave, he must have learned about Marysa and the Aleyev family somehow and formed a plan for his grand come-back. As Supreme Conjurer, he needed only to control the True Shade to achieve total world domination. Since the True Shade was far away on another planet, the Phantom Shade would do nicely, only she was also missing. When she was found in the nineties Malthus became Andrei Aleyev, no doubt eliminating the real Aleyev and taking his place. Now, he was working with Marysa to eliminate Asiah while keeping a low profile. Chase thought that he’d have an advantage since there was no way Malthus would know of his return, but if Marysa knew, Malthus did, too. Which meant Malthus had allowed Marysa to help Asiah bring Chase back … but why? None of this explained yet why Marysa had left Asiah alive, either. It did help explain why Asiah’s consciousness was able to be trapped somewhere outside her mind if Malthus’ power was behind it.
“Brandon?” Dietrich asked worriedly after Chase had been silent for a few moments. “What’s on your mind?”
“He knows I’m back from the dead, but he hasn’t done anything about it. He even allowed Marysa to help Asiah bring me back. Why?”
Dietrich’s face was blank. “No idea. How old is this guy?”
“Younger than me by a couple of centuries. I used to have more power than he did, but now that he’s the Supreme Conjurer, he should easily be able to kill me and maybe even take out Asiah with Marysa’s help, but he hasn’t. I need to know why.”
“Do you?” Dietrich asked. “Can’t we just take him out?”
“Ideally, but it won’t be easy.”
The former Army Ranger grinned. “We have the best operatives in the world at this agency. We live for a challenge.”
“I couldn’t ask Asiah’s people to help. It’s too dangerous.”
Dietrich gave a derisive snort. “Whatever. We’re helping whether you want us to or not. Asiah has always treated us as family. Besides, it sounds like you could use the help.”
Chase knew he couldn’t talk him out of it. “There are dark forces at work here. It will be unlike anything you have ever encountered.”
“I’m not afraid.”
Chase looked him in the eye. “You should be. I wish Asiah was herself. We could use her power.”
“We still can. She’s not incompetent. I bet she can still fight and use a gun.”
“Depends if she’s recovered from surgery by the time we need her. Speaking of which …” Chase checked his watch. “She’ll be out soon. I should go see her.”
“I’ll start assembling a team,” Dietrich called after him.
Chase arrived in the infirmary as Meri was coming out. She looked exhausted.
“Chase,” she said wearily. “I was coming to find you. Asiah’s awake and everything went perfectly. Stones are inserted and she’s all stitched up. You can go see her. I’m going to grab a shower and a nap.”
He hugged her. “Thanks, Meri.”
She extracted herself awkwardly. “No problem, Chase.”
Asiah was trying to get comfortable in her bed and Chase sympathized. The first few days after surgery had been pretty painful, but he’d also refused painkillers due to his prior dependence issues. He would make sure Asiah took something for the pain.
“How are you feeling, love?”
“Uncomfortable. I can’t remember why I let you talk me into this.”
“We’ll find out in a few days if it was worth the trouble. I’ve learned some things in the last hour that will change how we proceed with getting your memory back. But I just want you to relax for now and take something for the pain.”
“I don’t want to sit here and do nothing,” she pouted.
Chase produced a file folder and presented it to her. “I thought you might be bored, so I found this document that you have your high-level agents read. It’s all about who you are and what you can do.”
“Where did you find this?”
“In the safe in your office. It was your assistant Lana’s idea.”
“How did you get into the safe?”
He colored. “I may have used supernatural means.”
She gave him a sideways smile. “I see. Well, thanks.”
“I have some things to prepare, but I want you to call me if you need anything.” He pulled her cell phone out of his pocket and put it next to the bed. “My number is in there.” He tucked a piece of hair behind her ear and trailed his fingers down her jaw.
“You really do love her,” she said distantly.
“You.” He leaned down and kissed her lips gently. “I love you.”
She made a derisive sound, but couldn’t hide her blush. “Go take care of your business,” she said giving him a little shove.
She was becoming more like herself every day. With that happy thought, he headed back up to her conference room to resume his preparations.

***

A week later, Asiah was still bedridden, unable to move without tearing her stitches. Chase was pacing at the foot of her bed. She’d never seen him so agitated, but then, she’d only known him a week. She was growing accustomed to having a boyfriend, even though she was quite sure she didn’t use that word normally. Chase was incredibly attentive and tender with her, despite the fact that she wasn’t who she was supposed to be. Her heart broke a little when she read the file he’d given her last week and learned how he’d died for her several decades ago and then was brought back only recently. He hadn’t even had much of a chance to be alone with her before she was attacked and forgot who she was. It must be tearing him up inside that she couldn’t remember him. She was also shocked to read over the details of who she, or at least Asiah, was. She was some kind of powerful sorceress that was destined to save the world from self-destruction and apparently had all kinds of supernatural powers to aid her in that endeavor. Chase had the same powers, but he was different. He explained that he was human and she was only half-human. That was hard to wrap her mind around.
Chase had spent the week bringing her up to speed on everything she needed to know about who she was and the current situation with Marysa and another sorcerer named Malthus. She was a little apprehensive about doing battle against these two, who sounded extremely powerful and dangerous, but Chase said she should be healed soon and would be able to participate. Unfortunately, the healing process was taking longer than it should and it was getting to Chase.
She groaned as a lightning bolt of pain flashed through her skull. This had been happening all morning.
“What is it, love?” Chase said, rushing to her side.
“Nothing,” she said as the pain subsided. “Just a headache.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m fine. Have you figured out a plan yet?”
“I have, but it included you being fully healed. The stones should be set by now. I wonder if your sister will do another x-ray for us?”
“No one heals that fast, especially— Aughh!” She groaned again as a more painful jolt slashed through her, this time reaching all the way down her bedazzled backbone.
“This is not normal,” Chase said with concern in his green eyes. “Tell me what’s going on.”
“Sharp, shooting pain,” she gasped and then cried out as another jolt hit her.
Meri burst into the room, summoned by Asiah’s screaming. “What’s going on in here?” she demanded.
“Something’s wrong,” Chase explained, pressing his palm to Asiah’s clammy forehead. “She’s burning up.”
Meri gently rolled Asiah onto her side to inspect the sutures. “She’s healing normally and there’s no sign of infection. Why is she so warm?”
“You’re the doctor!” Chase said, raising his voice in a panic.
Asiah curled up into a ball as another wave rocked her. They were getting more frequent and more painful. She couldn’t see past the sparkles in her vision and the roaring in her ears was deafening. It reminded her of something, but she couldn’t remember what. She tried to focus on Chase’s face to keep herself from fainting, but she couldn’t and everything went black.

***

Chase had never been more terrified. Asiah was having some kind of seizure now and was going to tear her sutures if the seizure didn’t stop. He knew he couldn’t help her heal from the surgery or the stones wouldn’t set properly, but he didn’t care about that now. He pressed down on her shoulders and focused on calming the storm inside her. The moment he touched her he was thrown back, landing hard on the tile floor. Meri looked at him in alarm and took a step away from the bed.
Chase leapt to his feet and stepped forward again to make another attempt. He froze as realization hit him. The roots of Asiah’s hair had darkened to a midnight blue and her skin was beginning to shimmer.
“No … not now … not like this …” he whispered. This couldn’t be happening. The timing could not have been worse.
“What?” Meri squeaked. “Do you know what’s happening?”
Chase looked at her with fear in his eyes. “It’s her maturity,” he whispered, unable to say it aloud. He wasn’t sure how this worked when she was normal and healthy, much less out of her mind and recovering from major surgery. This was bad.
“But it’s too soon!” Meri insisted. She’s not even 100 years old yet!”
“It’s not an exact science, Meri. I should have seen this coming.” He looked at Meri bleakly, and realized suddenly that the room had gone deathly quiet.
He and Meri turned slowly back to the bed and the creature regarding them carefully with intense midnight-blue eyes. Chase couldn’t find his voice. She looked exactly as she had in his dream so long ago, with inky blue hair and shimmering skin the color of moonstones. She looked otherwise human aside from her ethereal eyes. He knew she had wings concealed beneath her clothing as well, but wasn’t sure he was ready to see them yet. This was already too overwhelming.
She looked at him intently for a long moment and he could feel her trying to see inside his mind. He let her. It was easier that way, and he didn’t really have anything to hide from her anyway. She rose from the bed gracefully and walked toward him. She looked beautiful and absurd at the same time emanating raw power in her T-shirt and scrub pants.
She stopped in front of him and he felt a surge of desire, because he knew she was sizing him up for her first meal.
“Conjurer …” she said into his mind, drawing a long finger down the side of his face, and electrifying him with her touch. Her voice was low and smooth as spun silk.
“Asiah …?” he choked out, forcing himself to focus. She was clouding his mind.
“I am not she. Neither is she part of this being. What has happened to her, Conjurer?”
Grateful for the distraction, Chase answered, “Her consciousness has been taken.”
“Who would dare to do such a thing?” Anger flared in her eyes.
He forced himself not to recoil. She had no reason to harm him. “The Phantom Shade, Marysa. She has the aid of the Supreme Conjurer, Malthus.”
“Yes … I feel the unbalanced energy on this plane. The Phantom will pay with her life for what she has taken.”
“I can help you,” he offered, feeling foolish and unworthy.
An amused look flashed across her face, drawing up the corners of her lips that were the color of Tahitian pearls. He wondered briefly what they tasted like.
“I do not require your help.”
“You possess your full powers, then?” he asked hopefully. If she could handle this alone, it might actually be a blessing that she’d matured at this moment.
She closed her eyes momentarily and inhaled deeply. Chase took a cautious step back. Meri was already pressed against the opposite wall, eyes wide as saucers.
The Ikhäle opened her eyes and shook her head. “Some powers, but I need the human’s consciousness. I am incomplete without her.” Her frustration was apparent.
Bloody hell. “Then allow us to work together,” Chase said.
She looked torn. “So be it. But I will take her consciousness back myself.”
“That is your prerogative. Will you spare her any pain in the transition?”
Humorless laughter echoed in his head. “It depends how hungry I am when we are joined again.”
He dreaded the question, but asked it anyway. “Can you not feed now?”
She touched his chest with a finger and drew it down toward his navel. Her voice became a seductive whisper. “It would be fruitless. But I do hope you will be available when the time comes. I am drawn to your power.”
He could feel the heat of her touch through his T-shirt as her finger drifted farther down and he took another step back before she entered dangerous territory. It felt like he was betraying Asiah but he was oddly excited by her words. He found that he also hoped he would be the one to satisfy her hunger. He told himself it was because he didn’t want the Shade using Asiah’s body to slake her lust with other men, and not because he’d imagined what it would be like ever since the one time he’d made love to Asiah.
“We plan to attack the Phantom Shade and immobilize her so to enter her mind and take back Asiah’s consciousness. The Supreme Conjurer will have to be taken out first of course.”
“That is your task, not mine. When I am needed, I will join you. My strength is limited despite the impressive power from these stones. The life of a Shade depends so much on the human side. It’s very primitive and repugnant.”
Chase chuckled at her discomfort, more at ease now that he knew she wasn’t about to rape him to death. “Very well.”
“Conjurer, one last thing.”
“Yes?”
“When I am joined with the human again, those who stand in my way will be eliminated. No exceptions. I do not know mercy.”
He swallowed. “Of course. What shall I call you?”
“I have no name,” she answered. “The Ikhälean people do not require such meaningless labels.” With that, she withdrew and Asiah’s body slumped to the floor.
Chase managed to catch her before she hit her head, and she gazed up at him dazedly.
“Wh-what happened?” It was Asiah’s voice this time.
“You fainted,” Chase said, with a meaningful look at Meri. It wasn’t the right time to tell this poor girl that an alien consciousness had just come alive inside her. He helped her back to the bed. “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes, actually.” She rubbed the back of her neck. “Hey, I’m healed now!”
He moved her thick hair aside and looked for himself. The Ikhäle had healed her surgical wound completely. He looked at her face again. Her eyes were still brown. She must need Asiah’s consciousness to access her powers. It didn’t matter now. He would see if she could fight in this form and they would do their best. It was their only hope. Now that there were two mature Shades on the planet, things would only get worse before they got better.







Chapter Nineteen

Asiah knocked Christian Dietrich down for the fifth time. Chris looked disgruntled, but Chase applauded her.
“That’s enough! She’s fine with the hand-to-hand stuff,” her boyfriend shouted across the octagon where Asiah stood ready to throw another heavy-handed punch like the last one that left Chris scowling at her from the mat. 
Asiah had surprised herself by being able to successfully take down a man more than twice her size. Chase said it was “muscle memory.” She didn’t know where the instincts had come from, but she felt like she’d known for years how to move her body in a ways to efficiently and creatively take her opponent down.
Chris and Chase had her in the gym almost from the moment she’d woken up completely healed from her fainting spell three days ago. That was a weird day. She felt like Chase was keeping something from her, but there were so many strange things about this life that she didn’t understand that she didn’t question it. She believed he loved her, or whoever she used to be, and that was enough for her to trust him.
Later that day, she and Chase practiced shooting with handguns at the range. This was also second nature to her, and she wondered if she just kept on this path if she wouldn’t just wake up one morning and remember everything.
The night before they were to embark on their bizarre mission, Chase walked her to her suite in the witness protection wing. She opened her door and expected him to follow as he did every night since she’d been able to sleep here and not in the infirmary. They usually talked long into the night about their past and went over the plan until she had every detail memorized. Tonight, though, he lingered in the doorway.
“Aren’t you going to come in?” she asked.
He looked like a leashed animal, barely restraining himself. “Not tonight.”
“Why not?”
“Because, my love, if I come in there, I’m going to throw you down on the bed and make love to you until the sun comes up.”
She couldn’t help the fluttering sensation in her belly. “Oh.” So what if he wanted that? She had to admit the thought was entirely too tempting.
“But it wouldn’t be fair to either of us,” he said.
“Oh?” How disappointing.
“I’ve been waiting to make love to you again for three-quarters of a century, and it has to be perfect. It has to be right for both of us, and …”
Again? So they had been intimate before. “I’m not her,” she said sadly, and started to turn away.
“You are, though.” He stalked inside and kicked the door shut. “You are her in so many ways …” He weaved his fingers into her hair and kissed her hard.
He’d never kissed her like that before. He’d always held something back, but not this time. His mouth was open and hot on hers and she felt her knees buckle. His tongue tangled with hers as he drank her in like fine wine. As suddenly as he’d started, he stopped and took a step back, crossing his arms over his chest and breathing hard.
“It wouldn’t be right,” he said, so brokenly that her heart twisted for him. “It has to be right.”
“Chase,” she began, but he held up his hand.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. If everything goes to plan, you’ll be back to normal tomorrow.” He went to the door and opened it. He paused and gave her one last look over his shoulder. “Goodnight, love.” He was gone before she could respond.
She sank onto the floor, hugging her knees. She sincerely hoped it would all be over tomorrow. She couldn’t take much more of this torture.
The next morning she met with the rest of the team in the armory. The team consisted of Sawyer, Chris, Chase, herself and a young woman named Raquel Torres. They all wore the same tactical gear that consisted of a black, long-sleeved top made of lightweight, moisture-wicking material and black cargo pants made of a similar material. Torres and Dietrich wore vests with several pockets to carry different pieces of gear. Sawyer had laid out a set of weapons for each agent. Asiah’s pile had only a gun and an ancient, bejeweled dagger.
“What do I do with this?” she asked, holding up the knife.
“You usually wear it strapped to your leg,” Sawyer offered. “Left inside ankle.”
“I suppose I know how to use it?”
“If the time comes that you need to, you will,” Chase said with a shuttered look.
She held up the gun, a custom-made Desert Eagle with a blue abalone rose inlaid on the grip. She ran her fingers over the design.
“You call it the ‘Azure Rose,’” Sawyer told her. “I made it for you a few months back.”
“It’s beautiful,” she said. “Kind of weird that I named my gun, though.”
She caught Chase smiling to himself at her comment.
“All set, everyone?” Sawyer asked, looking at each agent in turn.
Asiah suddenly felt very nervous. “I don’t know any of the tactical maneuvers from the briefing packet,” she whispered to Chase. She couldn’t believe her team trusted her to go with them with such limited knowledge and skill.
“Yes, you do. Just trust yourself.” He turned away and began speaking with Chris. Chase had been distant all morning. She imagined that he was just anxious to get today over with. He seemed a little apprehensive for the events ahead of them, while the rest of the team was packing up their gear as if this was business as usual.
In the briefing packet, it was mentioned that one of their priorities was to protect Asiah at all costs. She felt weird about this, since she still didn’t fully understand her importance in the world, but Sawyer assured her that she was indeed vital to the survival of humankind. He told her that once they were in the heat of battle, she’d likely be able to hold her own, but that they would all have her back. Agent Torres was specifically assigned to be Asiah’s personal bodyguard. She wondered why Chase hadn’t volunteered for the position, but figured that he was smart enough not to put himself in a position where his feelings might compromise the situation. Plus, he was the one with all the power in their group and needed to run point. Part of his strange attitude today might be attributed to the fact that he couldn’t be the one in charge of her safety.
She glanced over at Chase again and watched him examine the edge of one of the several knives he carried. His eyes were always vividly green, but they held a faint glow this morning, which she knew meant he was channeling his power. He furrowed his brow in concentration as he ran his thumb along the edge of the blade. A lock of dark brown hair fell in his eyes and he tossed it back casually. His intense gaze shot to hers suddenly and she realized she’d been staring. He gave her a wink and a half-smile before turning back to his knife. She felt a little better.
As the five of them trooped up to the roof, she started getting butterflies again. Chris and Chase had spent some time the previous night confirming the whereabouts of Malthus, the Supreme Conjurer. Wherever he was, it was likely Marysa was with him. They were going to travel to Malthus’ location by “channeling,” a process similar to teleportation. Apparently this was something Chase could do. She was pretty sure there wasn’t anything he couldn’t do.
The team stood in a circle and joined hands. Asiah stood between Chris and Raquel.
“Everyone ready?” Chase asked, looking directly at Asiah. Everyone murmured their assent, but he waited for her silent nod before continuing. “Deep breath …”
The falling sensation only lasted a second before her feet hit the ground again. Agent Torres stumbled, and Asiah gripped her hand to hold her upright. Sawyer and Chris looked a little unsteady as well, and she noticed Chase giving her a small nod of approval at being the only one besides him that had had no trouble landing. That was a good sign.
She released her hands and looked around. They were most definitely not in Russia this time. The green, rolling hills surrounding them gave her a strange sense of nostalgia. She was sure she’d been here before. They landed atop a cliff near the sea, far from any sort of civilization. Sawyer, Raquel and Chris set off inland, while Chase hung back a moment.
“It’s Ireland,” he said softly. “Your birthplace.”
“Oh. It feels like home, strangely enough.”
“You only lived here for 12 years, but it will always feel that way. It’s the way England feels for me.” He followed the others down the slope to a road below.
Chase explained that he couldn’t channel too close to Malthus’ location in case the Conjurer could sense their approach, so they had to walk for a while. They borrowed a car from a fisherman in a small village and piled in. Asiah was squeezed in the back between Sawyer and Raquel. Chris drove and Chase rode shotgun.
They arrived in Galway a short while later, and headed for the docks. It was dusk by the time they arrived at their destination even though it had been mid-morning when they left D.C. Chris left the car behind a building near the harbor and they climbed out. Asiah could see a large yacht moored in the harbor around the corner of the building.
Chase was to approach first, alone. When he reached the yacht and assessed the situation, he would signal Chris and Sawyer to follow. Raquel and Asiah were only to join them if the coast was clear. Asiah was a little disgruntled by this, feeling like she’d be of more help on the front line than hanging back waiting for the battle to be over.
“Take care of her,” Chase said meaningfully to Raquel, as he turned to go. Obviously he didn’t feel the need to say anything to Asiah.
“Chase, wait!” she burst out, feeling foolish.
He turned back and lifted an eyebrow.
She was painfully aware that everyone was watching her. She stepped closer to him and lowered her voice. “Just … be careful, alright?”
He pulled her close and kissed her forehead. “I will, love,” he whispered, and strode off.
She watched him go with her heart in her throat. She didn’t think it was possible to fall in love with someone so fast. She could only hope that when the real Asiah was back in her own mind she would love him as much as she did now.
She waited with Torres for what felt like an eternity. She was about to break protocol and follow the men when she heard a crash and a scuffle from around the corner. The sound of footsteps running away made Asiah want to investigate.
Raquel put her hand on her arm. “Stay here, I’ll check it out.”
Asiah frowned, but didn’t protest. She hated being idle. Raquel disappeared around the corner, gun drawn.
A moment later, Asiah heard her scream. “Run, Clover! Get out of here!”
Without thinking, Asiah turned and ran blindly into the night.

***

Chase studied the yacht from behind a pile of crates. It was over 300 feet long and one of the most luxurious vessels he’d ever seen. It suited Malthus to a T. He was an evil bastard, to be sure, and always made sure he was in a position of power and riches. This had to be his boat.
Chase was pausing behind the crates not only to survey the boat, but also to rein in his feelings about Asiah being here. He’d argued with Jacks for an hour the previous evening about her fitness to be on this mission. Jacks had every confidence after seeing Asiah in action the past few days that she would be just fine. Her instincts did seem to be intact. Chase just didn’t want her to get hurt. He’d never forgive himself if he brought her here and something went wrong. He was letting his feelings get in the way, and he knew that Asiah was perfectly capable of handling this and probably any situation, but he couldn’t help it. He felt closer to her since she lost her memory than he had any other time since his return to Earth. It was difficult for him to focus when her safety was at stake. However, he needed her here once he got into Marysa’s mind. When she was back to normal, she’d embrace her new power stones as he did and wreak some serious havoc. Either that or the Ikhäle inside her would. He must not forget that she would make an appearance as soon as she was able.
He took another moment to clear his mind before he made for the yacht. He kept his hands free, as he was much more effective with no weapons at all. Using just enough power to sense people’s location on the boat, he went to the stern and leapt from the dock to the deck above, landing silently. He sensed several people aboard, most of them being Malthus’ or “Aleyev’s” henchmen, but he also sensed one person aboard with a strong electromagnetic signature, which could be either Malthus or Marysa. Using a little more power to shield his movements and confirm the henchmen’s locations, he spoke into his mic.
“Barracuda, Samurai, you are clear to come aboard at the stern.”
“Roger that, Phoenix.”
Chase rolled his eyes. Dietrich had come up with Chase’s code name. He had to admit it fit him perfectly, having come back from the dead, but it seemed like overkill to use code names when their targets knew exactly who they were. Jacks said that code names were part of the protocol, and if this was to be an official mission, they needed to follow protocol. Asiah would expect it from all her agents.
Jacks and Dietrich appeared on the deck a moment later. Chase signaled for them to flank him as they moved toward the middle of the boat. An armed sentry popped out of a hatch directly in front of Chase. His eyes went wide and he fumbled for his walkie-talkie. Chase cut the man’s air off with a flick of his finger and was on top of him an instant later. He put the man to sleep and lowered his body silently to the deck. Dietrich and Jacks were staring at him dumbfounded. Another man crept up behind Jacks at that moment with a gun leveled at his head. The knife flew from Chase’s fingers so fast that Jacks didn’t register what had happened until the blood from the henchman’s jugular doused him from behind.
“Son of a bitch,” Jacks swore.
Chase shot him an annoyed glare. “Stay on your toes. I’m not here to babysit you.”
Jacks merely nodded as they set off again. Chase opened the hatch the sentry had emerged from and listened for a moment before he motioned for the other two to follow as he descended the stairs. They encountered a few other armed men along the way, but Chase made quick work of putting them to sleep before any warning shots could be fired. He didn’t like to kill people if he could avoid it, and was sorry about the man on deck that he’d skewered with a throwing knife. This is the price of war, he reminded himself.
The next door led into a large lounge area, and Chase knew that his quarry lay behind it. With a meaningful look at the other two agents, he threw open the door and summoned a charge to his fingertips.
He froze mid-step. Calen Malthus, the inquisitor Chase had bested half a millennium ago, stood behind an ornate wing chair, holding an Ikhälean blade against Agent Torres’ throat. Chase recognized it as Marysa’s blade that she’d inherited from her banished Ikhälean father. Asiah was nowhere to be seen.
“Ah, Brandon! We were beginning to wonder if you’d gotten lost,” Malthus said with an evil grin. “Weapons down, comrades.”
Chase heard Dietrich and Jacks each drop their guns behind him. “Back from the dead, Malthus? Or is it Aleyev now?” Chase asked, stalling for time.
The Conjurer laughed out loud. “You’re one to talk! Although I must say I’m impressed. I was a little worried that your return would somehow diminish my status as Supreme Conjurer, but so far, my powers are exactly what they have been since I clawed my way out of the grave 75 years ago. I never did get a chance to thank you for dying before me.”
“Buy me a drink sometime and we’ll call it even,” Chase said dryly. “Now let the woman go.”
“Not until I have what I want.”
“Which is?”
“The True Shade.”
“You said she was a myth.”
Malthus shrugged. “I was wrong.”
“You already have her,” Chase said evenly, hoping he was wrong.
Malthus confirmed his fear. “In a manner of speaking. But I need the rest of her. She is mature now, yes?”
Chase gritted his teeth. Malthus was a step ahead of him, and Chase’s ace in the hole was now out on the table. “Why does it matter if you have her consciousness?”
“She can now serve her purpose to me.”
Chase merely shot him a questioning glare.
“The mature Shade can now relinquish her power stone to my darling Phantom Shade so that she may become the True Shade. As the Supreme Conjurer I can complete her training as it is written in the prophecies and this world and all others will be mine.”
“Ambitious,” Chase said off-handedly. “But those prophecies weren’t written about you and Marysa.”
“They were written about the Supreme Conjurer and the True Shade! It matters not who they are!” Malthus shouted. Agent Torres began to shake and tears streamed down her face. Malthus’ power was weakening her. “Now tell me where she is or this one dies.”
Chase thought fast. “It won’t work. Asiah’s mind is divided. Marysa cannot assume her role simply by killing her and taking her stone.”
“She will be put right first. Long enough to remember who she is and what she’s dying for.”
Chase had had enough talking. He needed to know the limits of Malthus’ power before Marysa showed up and he was outnumbered. He threw the lightning so fast Malthus almost didn’t stop it. But the Supreme Conjurer’s power was greater than Chase had imagined. He absorbed the bolt with a sinister chuckle and drew his blade across Torres’ throat in a flick of his wrist. 
“No!” Jacks and Dietrich shouted in unison as they both hit the floor to recover their weapons. Gunshots erupted from behind Chase and Malthus stopped those, too. Bullets littered the floor around Torres’ body, splashing down into the growing pool of her blood while Malthus just laughed and wiped the Ikhälean blade clean on his pants. Chase tried again with fire, but was again shut down. Malthus countered this time with his own electrical charge, a bolt of orange lightning that knocked Chase back against the wall. This was going to be harder than he thought. 
Just as he gained his feet again, Malthus aimed a bolt at Jacks and Dietrich. Chase had only the barest instant to neutralize the charge before it hit both of his teammates square in the chest. They crumpled unconsciously to the floor and Chase could only hope his neutralizing charge had kept Malthus from killing them.
Marshaling his strength, Chase pushed himself up, preparing another attack.
It went that way for a few minutes: Chase throwing out his best shot and gaining nothing followed by Malthus knocking him back again and again. Sweat began to sting Chase’s eyes and blood oozed from a wound in his leg he didn’t remember receiving. There had to be another way to gain the upper hand.
Suddenly, a door behind and to Malthus’ left opened, and Marysa shoved a bound and gagged Asiah through it. She landed on the floor on her knees. Malthus turned, just for a second and Chase seized the opportunity. He summoned the Ikhälean blade from the sheath on Malthus’ belt to his hand, spun, and threw it back with such speed that when Malthus blinked, he never saw it coming.
The once Supreme Conjurer looked down at his chest in shock to where the blade lay buried in his heart to the hilt. His eyes flew back to Chase’s and Chase watched as the deep amber glow that illuminated them died down to a dull brown.
“Nicely done, Brandon,” he choked out, falling to his knees. Marysa screamed and ran to his side. “Some prophecy …” His chuckle was more of a grotesque gurgle as he slumped against Marysa and closed his eyes, a smile still on his face.
Satisfied that he’d done the job this time, Chase rushed forward, breaking Asiah’s bonds with his mind as he did, and hauled her into his arms. She was shaking, but seemed no worse for wear. He felt a rush come over him, as the mantle of Supreme Conjurer passed to him, and he held Asiah tighter, riding out the wave of energy and power. It was unlike any feeling he’d ever known. There was nothing he couldn’t do, and he immediately knew why this role was such a burden. He could rule the world with this power if he chose. The possibilities were endless. 
“His life will be the last you take,” a sinister voice said in his head.
His elation dimmed a bit when he turned to see Marysa in her Ikhälean form. Well, maybe there were some things he couldn’t do. He shoved Asiah behind him and prepared to fight.
“I don’t want you dead, Conjurer. I just want her.” Her black eyes glittered.
“Why?” he ground out, already envisioning the ways he would take her apart.
“She is mature now. I can finally become the True Shade.”
“What stopped you before? At her house?”
“She told me it wouldn’t work until she was mature. I couldn’t take the risk that she was telling the truth.” The Ikhӓle flexed her great wings. 
“She lied to you,” Chase said with a triumphant grin.
She sighed. “I see that now. But I will still kill her and take the stone from her blood.”
“That won’t work either.”
“She wears no stones. I know about the serum.”
“Look at her. Her eyes are brown. She has no stones or serum now,” he bluffed.
“Lies! Her eyes are brown because she cannot access the stone’s power. When I restore her—”
“She’ll tear you apart,” he finished for her. “She is mature and just waiting to be restored so she can have her first taste of flesh.”
This thought apparently had not crossed Marysa’s mind, but she covered it well. “I could just kill her human side now, you know. She’s in here.” She tapped her head with a long finger.
“What good would that do you?”
“Then neither of us gets what we want, Conjurer. If I can’t be the True Shade, you can never be reunited with your love. I’ll settle for being the only Shade. Then at least the balance will be restored. But if you help me …”
“Go on,” he said, trying to remain calm.
“Come inside my mind while I release her. Convince her to give up her role as True Shade to me, and I’ll let her live on as a human.”
“She can do that? Just give it up to you?” Chase had never read anything to that effect.
“Yes. My mentor has —had— quite a library of prophecies and ancient writings. There is much that you do not know.”
“She’ll never turn over the mantle to you.”
“She will if it means that you can live happily ever after together. Or she can die.”
“Asiah would choose death over the alternative.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“I’m sure,” Asiah said, releasing her grip on Chase to face the Shade in all her grotesque glory. “I may not really be her, but I know what she would do.” Chase hadn’t realized the Shade’s words were audible in Asiah’s head too.
“The question is, Conjurer, would you let her die?”
Chase clenched his jaw. She had him there. Selfishly, he would rather see Asiah live and Marysa become the True Shade than lose Asiah again. “Lead the way.”
Asiah shot Chase a pleading look and grabbed his hand, but he extracted his fingers gently and faced Marysa, back in her human form. They sat on the floor facing each other as Asiah stood by, awkwardly.
Chase glanced up at her and nodded to the floor next to him, where she sat, hugging her knees to her chest and keeping a wary eye on Marysa.
Gritting his teeth against the harsh spark of her touch, he joined hands with Marysa and closed his eyes. A moment later he was standing on the dark beach in her mind, listening to the surf crash nearby. He’d never been inside her mind before, only prevented her from entering his. It was a terrifying place. The sky was blood-red with dark storm clouds that seemed to constantly roll in, dark lightning dancing between them and striking the black sea somewhere off the coast. The entire island was occupied by a towering black fortress that appeared to be impenetrable to Chase’s eyes.
Marysa, now in human form, strode off down the beach and he followed, keeping a wary eye out for anything sinister and unexpected. She took him through a hidden door up into the tower that now protected her thoughts. When they had climbed about halfway up a narrow, winding staircase, she paused next to the wall, laying her hand against the rough stone.
The wall shuddered for a moment, then a narrow opening appeared, just wide enough for Chase to slip through. The chamber on the other side was lit only with a single torch, but Chase could make out the outline of a huge stone in the middle of the room: Asiah’s meditative center. He rushed forward, placing his hands on the boulder. It emanated Asiah’s energy, but only weakly.
He faced Marysa. “Where is she?” he demanded.
She nodded at the rock. “Beneath the stone is a pit. You will find her there.”
He pushed against the boulder; it didn’t move. “Then release her,” he said over his shoulder.
She laughed. “It’s more fun to watch you try.”
He glared at her and summoned his power. In Marysa’s mind, she only allowed him a small amount, but with his new power stones he thought it might be enough. Rubbing his palms together, he threw himself against the rock again, and this time, it budged.

***

The darkness had become suffocating, and she was pretty sure she was going to die soon. She didn’t even know how she’d lived as long as she had already. Her body felt thinner, and when she ran her hands over her torso she could feel her ribs. She was thirsty … so very thirsty. Curled up in a ball on the rocky ground, she hugged her knees to her chest while the darkness lay over her like a cloak.
A sound caused her to jolt upright. She hadn’t heard a sound other than her heart in … weeks? Months? Years? She strained to hear it and it came again: a scraping sound, like rock against rock. Forgetting that she had no voice, she tried to cry out.
A shaft of bright green light lanced through the darkness, causing her to scream silently and stumble backward. The light grew brighter and brighter until it was all around her, illuminating her dark prison. Her eyes would not focus; she could only see light everywhere. Then he was there, touching her face, murmuring unintelligible words, and crushing her to his chest. He lifted her, carrying her out of the darkness into another chamber, dimly lit with only a single torch on the wall. He set her on her feet and she blinked as everything started to become clear: her vision, her hearing and her memory. It was as if a blindfold had been removed and plugs removed from her ears. All her senses came to life at once. She staggered and he held her steady, with his arms around her tightly.
He whispered in her ear. “You’re safe now, love.”
She saw his face and wept.
“Chase …” she whispered through cracked lips. “Oh god, Chase …”
He held her while she cried with great, heaving sobs. “I’m here, love. I’ve got you.”
“Tell her,” another, harsher voice said. “Tell her to give it to me, or she will die.”
Asiah turned to see Marysa, and realized where they were. She didn’t know why she hadn’t seen it before. Trapped inside Marysa’s mind? How was that possible? She didn’t have time to consider it because Chase had ahold of her shoulders and he was shaking her gently.
“I’m so sorry about this,” he said earnestly, glancing up at Marysa who stood a few feet away. “But it must be this way. I know you’ll hate me for it later, but it’s the only way we can still be together.”
“What are you talking about?” she rasped. Her throat was so dry.
He pulled her swiftly into his arms and whispered right next to her ear so only she could hear. “Trust me, Asiah. And trust her. She will take care of you.” He took one of her hands and pressed it against a large boulder that was next to where they stood.
Before she could ask what he meant, because surely she was not to trust Marysa with anything, the world around them shifted and they suddenly stood on a grassy hill surrounded by standing stones: Chase’s mind.
“One more stop,” he murmured, and closed his eyes again.
They landed in the Forest this time, and Asiah was disappointed to see that it still lay in ruins. Still it was her mind, not Marysa’s. She let out a little yelp when she saw the Ikhӓle coming toward them across the clearing. She looked like Asiah, but with blue hair and shiny skin. And wings. She wore a dark cloak that shrouded her whole body, but must have had holes in the back for the wings, Asiah thought. Had her maturity come while she was imprisoned? Fear gripped her as she remembered what the Council had told her about possibly not surviving the transition.
“You have done well, Conjurer,” the Ikhäle said in a throaty voice that was definitely not Asiah’s. Her words seemed to be inside Asiah’s head and her lips did not move when she spoke.
“Be gentle with her,” Chase said to the alien being. “She’s been through a lot.”
She ignored Chase and turned to Asiah. “Time grows short.” She held out her hand to Asiah, who curled her fingers tighter around Chase’s hand.
Asiah looked at Chase. Did he really want her to go with this creature? He nodded and reluctantly let her go. She took the Ikhäle’s hand, who swiftly pulled her into an embrace and murmured some words in a language Asiah didn’t recognize against her ear. It was the first time she’d heard the Ikhäle speak from her mouth and not her mind. Her chanting grew louder until the world melted away and she was falling again.







Chapter Twenty

Chase watched the merging of Asiah’s two halves with fascination for about two seconds before he was jerked out of the forest by Marysa. When he opened his eyes, he was halfway across the room on his back and the Phantom Shade strode toward him in her human form with malice in her eyes.
“Deal’s off, Brandon. I knew I should never have trusted a human.” She raised her hand to strike and something flickered in Chase’s memory.
“You don’t want me dead,” he said quickly.
“What?”
“You said you didn’t want me dead. And Malthus allowed you to bring me back from the dead. Why? What do the prophecies say about me?”
“That you died by my hand … twice.”
“No. It’s something else. Something you want, and you need my help to get it. You can’t kill me.”
“I can. There are other ways to get what I want.”
“The prophecies are rarely wrong, and if they are, it’s because they were interpreted wrong.” He got to his feet and glanced past Marysa to see Asiah still unconscious on the floor. Why hadn’t she woken up yet?
An evil glint flashed in Marysa’s eyes. “She has your memories— all of them. I saw them when I ravaged her mind. I only need her.”
“That is, if what you need lies in my memory. It’s your choice.”
She threw lightning and he countered. Glass and wood splinters flew everywhere as they fought, destroying everything in the room. Back and forth it went and Chase realized that they were evenly matched. Even as Supreme Conjurer he still only barely matched the strength of an Ikhälean Shade. A lucky shot had him flat on his back again and this time Marysa leapt on top of him, Ikhälean blade in hand.
“Not an original or creative way to kill you, but tried and true.” She grinned and brought the knife down swiftly with all her strength. 
The tip pierced his skin, but that was all before the blade disintegrated in her hand. Shimmering dust crumbled between her fingers as her jaw dropped open in shock. She whirled just in time for Asiah to grab her by the throat and throw her against the wall. Marysa morphed mid-flight into her Ikhälean form and landed on her feet, hissing with her wings spread.
Asiah closed her eyes as the Ikhӓle took over her body as well.
Chase stumbled back out of the way and tripped over the sofa, landing hard on his elbows next to Jacks and Dietrich who were both still unconscious but breathing. Chase crouched behind the sofa and peered out to watch the battle unfolding before him. It was a blur of wings and shining flesh. Shards of glass and other debris flew toward him and he ducked, nearly losing his head to a chunk of wood. The creatures moved so fast that Chase couldn’t tell who was on top or had the advantage. They made otherworldly shrieking sounds as they clawed at each other. Fire and lightning swirled around them, creating a blinding display of light and violence.
The boat began to rock as a storm picked up outside. That was strange; the sky had been clear when they boarded the boat. Rain beat against the portholes and wind howled through the corridors of the yacht. With both Shades in their Ikhälean form the energy in the world was unbalanced and they were in the eye of the storm.
Dark blood splattered the floor around the two Shades, and Chase decided he was done waiting for them to kill each other. 
Asiah’s Ikhälean blade was on the floor nearby and he summoned it to his hand, then pulled out his gun and fired a shot into the ceiling. The creatures froze and turned to him. As they did, he threw the knife as he had before at Malthus, hoping he was fast enough. He wasn’t. Marysa jerked Asiah in front of her and for one agonizing instant Chase watched the blade streak toward Asiah’s heart. He didn’t have the power to stop it. It was too late; he’d killed the only woman he could ever love.
At the last possible instant, Asiah caught the blade midair, spun, and plunged it into Marysa’s chest. At least her chest was there a moment before. A flash of red light later, Chase saw Asiah holding the knife’s grip with the blade was buried in the ship’s wall. Marysa had just narrowly escaped. Asiah’s eyes rolled back in her head as she slumped to the floor. The storm abated as if it had never happened.
Chase crawled toward her, pulling her into his arms. She was unconscious again, covered in gashes and blood. Even though she could heal herself, he held her close until all her wounds were closed, sacrificing his own energy. Once again, her skin burned magically against his and tears stung his eyes. Her eyes fluttered open at last and focused on his face.
“Chase …” She mouthed his name, unable to speak. She closed her eyes and cleared her throat weakly. “Is it over?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Yes, my love. For now.”
“Good.” She tugged him down and kissed him desperately.
He smiled against her mouth, fighting the urge to laugh like a bleeding idiot.
Jacks cleared his throat, apparently recovered, and Chase pulled back with an effort. He stood and helped Asiah to her feet. He was vaguely aware that her Ikhälean side would be wanting some nourishment soon and he’d rather Jacks and Dietrich were not present for it.
“Are you alright?” he asked her. “Does she need …?” He didn’t really know how to ask the question.
“She’s not going to feed just yet,” Asiah answered. “She got a little nourishment out of the contact with Marysa, anyway. She has agreed to wait for the rest.”
“Until when?”
She lowered her voice. “Until we’re alone.”
He swallowed. “I see,” he said uncertainly. “Are you okay with what’s going to happen?”
“She’s agreed to let me have the reins. So it’ll just be me. No scary monsters.”
“Really?” He grinned. “How did you get her to agree to that?”
“We had a good talk. I’ll tell you about it later.”
“Is this while I was fighting with Marysa?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
She looked mildly ashamed. “Yes … sorry about that. I tried to hurry.”
“No harm done.” He really didn’t care. The thought of having Asiah all to himself made him forget about any pain inflicted by Marysa earlier.
Asiah stepped away and went to kneel beside Torres’ body. “She should never have been assigned to protect me,” she muttered. “Her training was adequate, but she had so little field experience.”
“There was no one else,” Jacks said quietly, crouching beside her. “No one else we could trust with the sensitive nature of this mission. She was the most senior field agent on staff.”
“That’s not true. What about Finley, Craddock, Powers, or Bradford?”
“All quit,” Jacks said. “After you were attacked. Torres stuck around.”
Asiah’s face fell. Chase knew she took great pride in her company and how all her employees were like family.
“We need to bring her back with us,” she said unnecessarily.
Dietrich stepped forward, still looking a little shaken, and lifted Torres like she weighed nothing at all. The three men went back up to the main deck and waited while Asiah checked the boat for anything useful. When she joined them again she gave a small shake of her head. After everyone was back on shore and they’d moved the unconscious bodies of Malthus’ cronies to the docks to wake with no memory of what had transpired, Chase released the yacht from its mooring and set it on fire. They watched as it drifted out to sea, flames leaping higher in the ocean breeze. Distant sirens sounded.
“That’s our cue,” Jacks said, reaching for Asiah’s hand.
She nodded wearily and joined the other three in a small circle. Chase channeled them home just as the fire engines rounded the corner.

*** 

Asiah was alive. And Chase was there with her. It was almost too good to be true. Everything was back to normal … almost. Marysa was still out there, probably planning her next attack. Asiah waited in her office while Chase, Chris, and Sawyer met with Agent Torres’ family. She would have gone herself, but Sawyer insisted that he would handle it. Chase hadn’t wanted to leave her side, but she told him to go with Sawyer.
She needed a moment alone to cope with this new force inside her. After she joined with her Ikhälean side, she did feel whole again, but it was different. It was almost like having a roommate in her head. The Ikhäle had wanted to feed right away, naturally, but Asiah had expected that. She made a deal with her instead. If Asiah was allowed to be in control of when the Ikhäle took over their shared body, she would not interfere with anything the creature did while she was in control. It took a great amount of trust for her to do this, having no idea what the Ikhäle’s intentions were, but she knew they both had the same goal: to save the planet from self-destruction. The Ikhäle also mentioned a wish to visit her homeland, and Asiah promised that she would look into it.
She sat at her desk, staring at its smooth, empty surface, wishing she could take a shower and go to bed. She ran her fingers over the scars on her wrists and shivered. What had the others thought when they found her, bleeding out from the wrists? What had Meri thought? And Chase? 
The men had been downstairs for nearly an hour and she wasn’t sure why she was waiting. Her bed was ten floors away and she could be curled up in it in a matter of minutes. Chase … you’re waiting for Chase. 
Her iPod was playing soft music from a speaker on the corner of her desk. She couldn’t stand the silence; it reminded her too much of the dark solitude she’d endured for the past week. Sara Bareilles’ “Love Song” was doing a fine job of filling the silence at the moment. She sighed and stood up. It wasn’t like Chase was going anywhere. If she wanted a shower, she could have one. She walked around the desk just as the door to her office opened. Expecting Chase, her steps faltered. Her sister entered instead.
“Meri,” she breathed.
Meri looked at her uncertainly for a moment. “Asiah?”
“It’s me, M.”
Her sister’s face broke into a smile and she rushed forward to wrap Asiah in a hug. “I missed you so much!” she whispered.
“Me too,” Asiah replied. “How are you feeling? How is the baby?”
Meri’s smile faltered a little. “Oh … the baby’s fine.”
Asiah sensed her sister was holding something back. “What happened, Meri?” Asiah asked, sinking into one of the leather chairs in front of her desk.
“It doesn’t matter,” Meri said evasively.
Asiah took her sister’s hands. “You can tell me.”
“When Chase found you … we thought you tried to kill yourself. It was too much.” She paused. “I almost miscarried. I think I would have if Chase hadn’t arrived to save her at the last minute.”
“Her?”
“Chase says it’s a girl.”
Asiah didn’t know what to say. Meri had almost lost the baby because she was distraught over Asiah’s possible suicide. Guilt surged through her even though she knew it wasn’t her fault. “Meri … I’m so sorry. But I’m glad she’s okay.”
Meri wiped away a tear and smiled. “Don’t feel bad. You did nothing wrong.”
Asiah shook her head “That’s not true. The way I treated you before—”
Meri waved her hand dismissively. “Forget it. I completely understand why you were upset. Chase is and always will be yours. It was wrong of me to take advantage of him when he had no memory.”
Asiah chuckled. “I thought he took advantage of you?”
Meri shrugged. “It was mutual. You were married. What were we supposed to do?”
“How did you know I was here?” Asiah asked, changing the subject so she didn’t have to think about Ben.
“Sawyer called me.”
“I’m glad he did. I should have thought to do it,” Asiah said guiltily.
Meri put her hands on Asiah’s shoulders. “You have a lot on your mind. I’m actually surprised I’m talking to you right now and not your, um, alter-ego.”
“Oh, she’s here,” Asiah said, still not used to the feeling of the other woman inside her. “She’s being very patient.”
“Patient?”
“She needs to feed, but promised not to go on a killing rampage to do it. She’s very rational, this one,” Asiah explained, tapping her head.
Meri colored. “So what is she waiting for then?”
“Chase,” Asiah said, somewhat breathlessly.
“I see,” Meri said with a grin.
His ears must have been burning, because he walked in at that moment. Asiah felt the temperature in the room increase dramatically, but then, it could have been her imagination. The Ikhäle stirred within her. She thought vaguely that she should come up with a name for her, so she’d have something to call her besides “her other half.”
Meri took her cue and hopped up from her chair. “Call me in the morning, A. We need to catch up.”
Asiah nodded, not taking her eyes off Chase. Meri ducked out, closing the door behind her. It was the first time Asiah and Chase had been alone since her restoration. Neither of them moved for a moment, but just stood staring at each other while the air crackled with unseen energy. She was still covered in blood and her clothes were torn, but Chase had managed to throw on a clean T-shirt to be presentable to the Torres family. Even so, he looked like he could use a shower as well.
Still lost in his green eyes, she didn’t realize she was running forward until she crashed into his arms. Then the tears came. He held her silently while she cried, unloading all the grief she’d held since his return, Ben’s death, Meri’s pregnancy and her attack. He stroked her back gently, and she could feel his heart pounding as hard as hers was.
She drew back after a moment, wiping her eyes. “I need to—” she began.
“Me too,” he said, tilting her chin up with a finger.
She smiled. “I was going to say shower.”
Confusion flashed across his features briefly, then he smiled. “Of course, I knew that.”
She looked at him in mock disapproval. “Did you think we were just going to get right to it?”
He grinned. “Sort of.”
“You really are from the Dark Ages, aren’t you?” She gave him a quick kiss. Any longer and she would forget about the shower. “Why don’t you do the same and meet me in my suite?”
He tightened his arms around her. “Isn’t your shower big enough for two?”
“Chase!” she admonished. “I’m not … I can’t …” she babbled nervously. She didn’t realize how anxious she was about this after all.
“Shh, love, it’s alright. I’ll shower in the locker room.” He rubbed his nose against hers. “But then …”
She giggled. “Yeah, yeah … only then.”
He released her and went to the door. “Five minutes, Asiah.” He gave her a hungry look and walked out, leaving her all at sea.
Was she ready for this? The Ikhäle inside her was, that was for certain. The other woman’s desire was already affecting her, making her weak in the knees at Chase’s intense look. Something told her that the next time she saw him, she would have no choice but to be ready. 

***

Chase took the fastest shower in history. In two minutes he’d managed to scrub all the blood and debris from his skin. He dried himself quickly and rubbed his chin with his fingers. He’d shaved yesterday, and could do with a shave now, but he was much too anxious to take the time. He tried against all odds not to set his expectations for the evening too high. After all, he’d been waiting for this for 75 years. He wasn’t sure if Asiah was truly ready, and he reminded himself to take it slow with her. She was the strongest person he knew, but right now, she was also extremely fragile.
He found that he was overthinking his clothing options. He had some tactical gear and his gym clothes in his locker, but wished he had something more presentable. In the end, he put on some jeans and a black T-shirt with Sapphire Intelligence emblazoned across the front. He figured he wouldn’t be wearing the clothing very long anyway. He went to the mirror and ran his fingers through his damp hair a few times, pulling a strand down over his forehead. His hair had grown really fast since his return, which he appreciated. Even so, it had been a long time since his hair was this short.  Turning away from the mirror, he picked up the bottle of cologne that Meri had helped him pick out that day at the mall. He’d never worn cologne before his death, but Meri told him it suited him well. He liked the scent they had chosen and spritzed a tiny bit on his wrists before replacing it in his locker. It had been ten minutes now since he left Asiah’s office, and he couldn’t wait any longer.
When he entered her suite and heard the shower running, he let out an impatient groan. “Asiah?”
“In here,” she called back from the suite’s spacious bathroom.
Surprised that she would allow him in the bathroom when she was against showering together, he shrugged and nudged the door open tentatively.
“You can come in,” she said. “I’ll just be a few more minutes.”
Between the steam and frosted glass of the shower, he could just barely make out the outline of her body, just enough to heat his blood. “Are you sure?” he asked. “I can wait outside if you like.”
“It’s not like you haven’t seen me naked before,” she said, with a forced laugh.
“Yes, but if you’d be more comfortable, I’ll wait out—”
“Just sit down and talk to me,” she said in exasperation.
He chuckled. “Yes, milady.” He sat down on the edge of the soaking tub and watched as she lifted one leg and propped it on the shower bench. “What are you doing?”
“Shaving,” she replied.
“Why?”
She laughed, more at ease now. “So I don’t have hairy legs.”
He frowned. “You never did that before.”
“I know, but I’m accustomed to it. Most women shave their legs now.”
“You know that doesn’t matter to me.”
She giggled. “I’ll feel better if I do it.”
He shrugged. “Suit yourself.” A brief silence followed, and Chase hummed a little tune softly to break the silence.
“Are you humming?” she asked.
“Yes. I’ll stop if it bothers you.”
“No, don’t stop. You have a nice voice.”
“I used to sing, you know. In the prison … to make it rain.”
“Really? What did you sing?”
“A Scottish lament about a man who’s lost the woman he loves. It’s called the Bens of Jura.”
“Will you sing it to me now?”
Chase was suddenly self-conscious. It was one thing to hum, but what if she didn’t like his singing voice? “You want to hear me sing?”
“Yes … Please?”
“If you insist,” he teased. He began singing, softly at first, then louder as he became more confident. He closed his eyes and remembered the feeling of elation he got when the rain fell, enabling him to open the gateway into her mind.
“Stop,” she whispered.
He opened his eyes to see her standing in front of him, wrapped in a towel, with tears streaming down her face. “What is it, love?” he asked in alarm, afraid she was having some sort of breakdown.
She smiled, wiping her cheeks with a corner of her towel. “Nothing’s wrong, but when you were singing, I couldn’t stop crying for some reason. I remember it happening once before, too, at your house in Chicago. You were humming and my eyes watered, but I thought it was from trying to mend my torn shirt. Why do I cry when you sing, Chase?”
He frowned. “It rained in my prison when I sang, too. I have no idea why it happens.” He realized suddenly that she stood mere inches away, wrapped in only a towel. The singing mystery could wait. “You’re finished with your shower, then?”
She blushed and backed up a step. “Um, yes. But I need just a few more minutes. There’s some wine in the kitchen, why don’t you go pour us a couple of glasses?”
He stood up and stepped closer. “Don’t be long,” he whispered, and planted a quick kiss on her forehead. He went out to the kitchen and found the wine she was talking about. He poured Asiah a small amount, remembering that she was useless against Marysa after she’d had too much to drink. He wondered vaguely if she had become too dependent on alcohol to give her strength. With that thought, he left the glasses by the sink. He wanted her unencumbered tonight.
He wandered back to the bedroom just as she emerged from the bathroom. There were a couple of scented candles on the bedside table and another on the bureau. Without lifting a finger, he lit all three and dimmed the lights in the room. 
Asiah leaned against the doorway to the bathroom, twisting her fingers nervously. She wore a long, satin robe that made his mouth water despite the fact that it covered her completely. Her hair was loose and still slightly damp and she didn’t put on any makeup. He thought she looked absolutely perfect.
She frowned at him. “No wine?”
He shook his head. “No. I want us both to have a clear head.”
She giggled nervously. “I supposed you’re right. So… what happens now?”
“This.” He stepped forward, taking her face in his hands, and kissed her ever-so-gently, resisting the urge to take her like a ravenous animal.
“Oh …” she said in a breathy tone when he pulled back. “That.”
He grinned. “Tell me if I’m going too fast for you, alright?
“I don’t think that’s going to be a problem,” she breathed, and dragged his mouth back to hers.
He let his hands drift down over the blue satin to her waist, but didn’t untie the sash. He trailed kisses along her jaw and down to her neck. She trembled and let out a little sound between a sigh and a whimper. He pulled back and looked into her eyes.
“I’m alright,” she said, answering his unasked question. “It’s her.”
He frowned. “What about her?”
She dropped her eyes. “She’s being … impatient.”
He gave her an amused look. “She’s in a hurry, but you’re not.”
She let out a breath. “Exactly.”
“Tell her,” he said, dragging his lips along her neck again, “to relax. I’m going to take my time with you.”
She took a deep breath and nodded, sliding her arms around his neck. “I missed you, Chase.”
“You have no idea, love.” 
He dropped his hands to the tie securing her robe and slowly untied it as he touched his lips to hers again. She trembled slightly. The current of her power surged through him wherever their skin touched. He was suddenly desperate to touch more of her, to become completely entwined with her. He let her robe fall open and put his hands on her waist. Her breathing increased and he opened his eyes to make sure she was alright. A soft blush heated her cheeks as his hands drifted up and down her sides, but she gave him a reassuring smile. Her body felt different now than it had before, hardened and muscular instead of soft and pliable. It didn’t matter to him; as long as he could feel the spark of her power under his hands, he was in heaven. 
He dropped his gaze to the bullet pendant resting between her breasts. Aside from the robe, it was the only thing she wore. He ran a finger over the shell casing. “You haven’t taken this off since the memorial. Even when you couldn’t remember what it was.”
Sadness briefly crossed her features. “I can’t let go of it just yet. It’s all I have left from him.”
“You don’t have to be ashamed of your love for him,” Chase murmured, pulling her more firmly against him. “And I don’t want you to feel like what we’re doing somehow diminishes it.”
“I don’t feel that way,” she said in a clear tone that left no doubt in his mind that she was ready for this. “This is between you and me.” She reached up and unclasped the chain from around her neck and leaned over to place the necklace on the bedside table. She straightened and looked him in the eye. “Now, you. Shirt off.”
He whipped his T-shirt off and flashed her a wicked grin as he scooped her up and carried her to the bed.







Chapter Twenty-One

Asiah was finding it extremely difficult to control herself while Chase laid her back on the bed and took her mouth again with wild abandon. He promised he’d go slowly, but she wasn’t sure he could, and wasn’t sure she wanted him to. It had been some weeks since Ben was killed and the last time she’d been with a man in this way. Emotionally, she was in turmoil, torn between grief for her late husband and desire for Chase, but the creature that had come to life inside her had only one thing in mind. And Asiah was inclined to let her have her way.
Chase pushed the robe off her shoulders and tossed it aside, then knelt on the bed wearing only his jeans and scoured her body with his hot gaze. Asiah suddenly felt very exposed, despite the fact she’d let him in the bathroom while she showered and the fact that they’d done this before in another life. She had aged eight years physically since then and wondered if he could see the difference in her body.
Feeling uncharacteristically shy, she grabbed a pillow and smacked him with it. “Stop staring at me and take your pants off!”
He grinned and unzipped his fly. “I thought we were taking it slow?”
She let out a desperate groan. “I’m not sure I can do that. We can go slow on round two.”
His eyebrows shot up. “Round … two?”
Chase’s surprise amused her and she tugged him forward by his waistband. “At least.”
His expression was an entertaining mixture of carnal hunger and elated surprise. “I love you,” he whispered, and seized her mouth again. “And you are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen,” he added, alleviating her worries.
She was exhausted from holding her other half back and let go. Let me be me … please … don’t change who I am … she whispered into her mind. She let the other part of herself take over, hoping the other woman would allow her to keep her human appearance. Unfortunately, she had no way to know if her wish had been granted as she took a backseat in her own body.
She found herself leaning over Chase as she lowered herself onto him slowly, letting out a sigh at the intense fullness. The last time they had been together she had not been wearing her power stone. Now, both of them each had forty-eight stones apiece and the effect they were having on the sensation of touch between them was astronomical. She wanted to feel him everywhere and pressed her body against his, tangling her fingers in his hair. He kissed her hard and wrapped his arms tightly around her as he pushed himself deeper inside. She could feel him trembling with the intensity of their long-awaited reunion.
It was over quickly. They moved together that way only a few minutes before he groaned her name against her ear as he reached his climax. His pleasure set off her own release and she gasped against his shoulder as she went over the edge.
As promised, a second, more leisurely round followed a short while later. Asiah and Chase took their time exploring each other in ways they’d never had a chance to before. He kissed her slowly this time, his tongue moving unhurriedly over hers and then down her body, leaving a trail of fire in its wake. She arched against his mouth as he brought her to a quaking eruption that went on forever. In a feverish haze, she returned the favor, delighting in the way he seemed to lose control, fisting his hands in her hair and panting her name like a lover’s mantra. 
It was late and they were both completely spent, yet they managed to make love once more, locked in a fierce embrace and lost in one another’s eyes. His body moved so perfectly with hers that she didn’t have to think, and she let their shared passion carry her movements until they lay tangled together, shaking from the intensity of it.
Ben had been amazing in bed, but Chase had been her first, and she’d thought of him this way many times over the past several decades: his soft, whispered endearments, his artful lips and his gentle hands. Most of all, she’d missed the electric fire that ignited between them. The 75 years separating this moment from the last one dissipated as if they had never existed. Chase’s love was worth giving up a quest to save the world. If every night of the rest of her life was like this, the rest of the world could rot. She knew that her normally rational mind would object, but right now, in this moment, he was all she ever wanted. They fell asleep entwined around each other as the tingling sensation calmed to a soothing hum.  Tomorrow she would have to find a way to kill Marysa and then figure out how  to save her company, but tonight was just for her. And for Chase. Forever.

***

In the early morning hours, Chase lay awake, gently dragging his lips from the nape of Asiah’s neck to the top of one shoulder and back again. He didn’t mean to wake her, but he couldn’t keep himself from touching her. He should have been exhausted after everything he’d been through since the last time he slept, but right now, all he wanted was to make love to her again. She stirred and he was torn between guilt for waking her and happiness that she was awake and still naked and warm in his arms. 
She stretched and he traced his fingers over her shoulder blade where she had a tattoo of a strange symbol. He’d noticed it before in the Scialytic Chamber, where her clothing didn’t quite cover it. It was circular with several concentric rings of various sizes. Some were elliptical and some were round. Along the lines of the circles and in the spaces between them were several dots of varying sizes. “Why do you have an Ocean astral chart tattooed on your back?” he murmured.
She tensed and rolled over to face him, her blue eyes dark and wide. “What did you say?”
“Your tattoo. It’s an astronomical chart of the Ocean sky.”
She frowned and rubbed her eyes. “How could you possibly know that?”
He blinked at her for a moment, thinking. “I … have no idea.”
She leaned up on her elbow, searching his face. “I didn’t even know what that symbol represented. How is it that you don’t even know how you know?” 
He was lost. “I’m sorry, love. I just knew when I saw it what it was.”
“But you’ve never seen the Ocean sky.”
“No, I haven’t.”
“But you recognize a cryptic symbol depicting it?” she asked, raising an eyebrow.
He smiled sheepishly. “Apparently.”
“Don’t you think that’s strange?”
“I suppose. Why didn’t you know what it was? You had it tattooed on your back.” he scolded her, kissing the tip of her nose.
“I saw the symbol once … in a cave on Ocea. It spoke to me, but I didn’t understand why. I sketched it and later, when I returned to Earth, I had it made into a tattoo.”
“Why?”
“I … also have no idea.” She took on a melodramatic tone. “Maybe we should consult the prophecies.”
“Don’t joke about that,” he said in a serious tone, but his eyes were twinkling. “They are rarely wrong. We should have some new ones to look at soon, anyway. What with all the things your team is collecting from Malthus’ old headquarters.”
She frowned again. “Yes,” she said distractedly. 
He was about to ask her what was wrong when she abruptly tossed the duvet back and got up. He couldn’t help but feel disappointed. “Where do you think you’re going?”
She disappeared into the bathroom. “To the gym,” she called back. She reappeared a moment later wearing a hooded sweatshirt that was much too big for her with the letters NAVY across the front. “Stay in bed,” she suggested. “I’ll be back soon.”
“Like hell,” Chase muttered, and climbed out of bed.
He found Asiah pummeling a punching bag in the gym. The sounds of her fists hitting the canvas echoed across the empty room from the far corner where she was letting out her aggression. She wore only a sports bra and shorts. The Navy sweatshirt was discarded nearby. Her feet were bare and her hands were wrapped in white tape. He thought her knuckles must be killing her by the way she was ruthlessly hammering the bag without gloves. He watched her for a moment, determination etched on her face. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail but her bangs were plastered to her forehead with sweat even though it had only taken Chase a few minutes to get dressed and follow her here.
She stopped suddenly and took a step back from the bag, narrowing her eyes, which had taken on a faint glow. The air in the room became charged and the hair on Chase’s arms stood up. He caught a faint whiff of ozone as she summoned an electric charge to her fingers. Sensing that she was about to fry the defenseless punching bag, he swiftly stepped in front of her.
“Asiah,” he said quietly, as she fixed him with a glare. “What are you doing?”
She stared at him mutinously for a moment before he felt the air discharge. “Nothing,” she sighed.
“Tell me what’s wrong.”
“What makes you think something’s wrong?” she said with forced nonchalance.
He took her by the shoulders. “How many times to I have to remind you that you can’t lie to me?”
She dropped her gaze. “Chase … last night—”
“Wait.” He stopped her as he realized what she was about to say. He should have realized she was wearing that Navy sweatshirt as a shield this morning. “Don’t overanalyze what happened between us. If you do, you’ll think of some reason we shouldn’t be together. Let’s move on to what we have to do, and we can consider the question of us later. Alright?”
Her expression showed him that he was correct in his assumption. She held his gaze for a moment and he could see the conflict in her eyes. 
Finally, she closed her eyes and shook her head. “Your ability to disarm me is infuriating,” she said, but not spitefully. “I need to find Marysa. Today. If I don’t end this soon, I’ll go insane.”
“I know you want to go after her, but your team will need a few days to recover,” he said.
“I’m not bringing them this time. I wouldn’t bring you either if I could stop you.”
Chase crossed his arms. “Good thing you can’t.”
She scowled at him. “If you get yourself killed again—”
“I won’t,” he said, stepping forward to grab her arms. “But I won’t let her hurt you, either.”
She brushed his hands away. “She can’t hurt me unless she hurts you.”
“I’m still going with you,” he said in a tone that brooked no argument.
She shot him a look that was both disapproving and grateful. “Are you afraid of anything?”
“Only another eternity without you.” He grinned and jerked her forward before she could move away. He wrapped his arms around her tightly. “I’m never letting you out of my sight again.” He kissed her softly and she tensed for a moment before relaxing into his touch.
“We need to make a plan,” she said a moment later, when he pulled back to catch his breath. “I’ll meet you upstairs.”
He reluctantly let her go. “Where are you going?”
“I need a shower.”
He quirked an eyebrow at her. “Need any company?”
She punched him lightly in the arm. “No! Now go see if anything has been delivered from Aley— I mean Malthus’ headquarters yet.”
When Chase entered the conference room a few minutes later he was pleased to see several cardboard boxes littering the large table, overflowing with old papers and scrolls. He had worked tirelessly during his previous life to collect as many writings pertaining to the Ikhälea as possible, and had no idea that he’d missed this many. He knew Malthus was younger than he was by a couple of centuries at least, but how had the other man collected so many writings when Chase had dedicated so much of his time to finding the same things? It was humbling.
He wandered around the table, scanning the contents of each box, looking for any writing that might say something about him or the astral chart he recognized. He also wanted to find out why Malthus and Marysa had found it necessary to bring him back and keep him alive, at least until Marysa assumed she could use Chase’s memories inside Asiah’s mind for whatever sinister purpose she had. He might even find something that explained why Asiah cried when he sang. It was clear he must be important somehow, but he always thought that finding and training Asiah was the most important thing he would ever do. Obviously, he was meant to do more than just that. It was strange having a purpose again; apparently he could say goodbye to having a somewhat normal life with Asiah, as he’d hoped. It didn’t really matter, though. Any life with her was better than the alternative.
Asiah walked in as Chase was unrolling a particularly fragile scroll. “Wow,” she said, her eyes widening at the piles on the table. “That is a lot of stuff. It’s more than you have.”
He nodded. “I tried to collect as much as possible, but clearly he was doing the same. He must have had help. I also was searching for other Conjurers and, well, you. I had other things on my mind. A few times I got fed up with the quest and drank myself into oblivion for weeks at a time.” He paused. “Malthus definitely deserved the title of Supreme Conjurer more than I did.”
Asiah came around the table and stood in front of him. “You know that’s not true.” She laid her hand against his face. “Malthus was out to conquer the world. You wanted to save it. The quest took you centuries. No one could come as far as you have without faltering.”
He looked at her bleakly. “And it’s not over. Marysa indicated that I’m mentioned in several of these prophecies. I’ve only come across a few in my own collection and they only refer to me finding you, and … other things.” He shook his head. “Apparently my work on this planet is not done.”
“What ‘other things’ did your prophecies say?” she asked. “I don’t remember any besides the ones that said you’d find me.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“Tell me, Chase,” she said, gently but demanding.
“That I would find you and fall in love with you.”
“And?” she asked, clearly not satisfied with his answer.
He felt like something was pressing on his chest. “That our love would be doomed.”
“Oh.” She looked thoughtful. “What if that referred to your death? I mean, what else could it be?” She trailed off and he knew she was overanalyzing again.
“I don’t know. I don’t like to think about that particular prophecy.”
She frowned. “I read all your prophecies on Ocea. I never read anything about our love being doomed.”
“I burned it as soon as I realized I was falling in love with you. I thought somehow it would make the words null and void.”
She gave him a weary smile and took his face in her hands. “I’d say coming back from the dead accomplished that, wouldn’t you?” She kissed him briefly and wandered around the table, examining the boxes.
Feeling a little better, he gently placed the fragile scroll on a pile on the table. “Have you given any thought to our next move?”
She traced her fingers over a dark piece of parchment. “Remember how you summoned her in Chicago? With the lightning?”
“Yes.”
She shrugged. “We’ll draw her out and kill her. Nothing fancy.”
“How do we keep her from just channeling away like she always does?”
Asiah’s eyes flared with blue light. “She won’t have a chance once I get my hands on her.”
“We need to be prepared for her to run, love.” He hoped he didn’t sound too parental. “Or we’ll just keep doing this until she backs us into a corner. Now what do you plan to do?”
“I don’t know!” she burst out. “You’d think the two of us could figure out a way to keep her in one place long enough to kill her.”
Chase thought for a moment. “Can you assume your mature form without your power stones?”
“Let me find out.” She closed her eyes for a moment and Chase knew she was consulting her other half. He couldn’t imagine how strange it would be to have another consciousness alive inside his mind. 
She opened her eyes a moment later. “She says yes, but she wouldn’t be able to stay in that form for long because it requires much more energy to sustain it.”
“That’s it then. When we have her, we need to remove Marysa’s power stones. She’ll be fairly powerless without them, especially against you, well, her, anyway.”
“What if she has inlaid her stones in bone like us?”
“When we saw her the night before last, she was just wearing bracelets.”
“There’s another factor we need to consider.”
“Which is?”
“She was restored with the Verderya serum. It may affect her powers differently even when she doesn’t have her stones.”
“She still won’t have the power that you do.”
Asiah sighed. “We won’t know until we remove the stones, will we? It’s the best plan we’ve got.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of.”

***

Asiah pored over a map, alone in her office after she managed to convince Chase to go prepare any weapons they would take with them. He probably knew she was just trying to get rid of him, but he went anyway. Last night had been every bit as wonderful as she imagined, but she woke with a heavy guilt pressing on her chest like an anvil. She loved Chase and she wouldn’t deny it, no matter what. But he had given his blessing when she fell in love with Ben, and now she had an absurd desire to seek Ben’s blessing for the same.
Isn’t that what he did when he gave his life for you? And for Chase?
She pushed the thought aside and pressed the heels of her hands against her eyes, as if they could stop the tears from coming. When had everything become so complicated? Chase was important; he knew what her tattoo meant. If he knew that, then his work on this planet wasn’t finished, and she couldn’t let him go with her to face the Phantom Shade. She’d lost him once, and then Ben had died because of her. There was no way in hell she’d let Chase put himself in harm’s way for her again. She just had to figure out how to get him out of the way. If she was going to try and start over with him, it had to be on her terms, and that meant that she would fight her own battles, and that no one else would die for her.
Chase gave her only an hour alone before he knocked softly on her office door. She hastily wiped her eyes and shoved her wastebasket full of tissues under the desk. He entered and narrowed his eyes when he saw her as if he could see everything that had run through her head in the past hour. His expression cleared an instant later; he knew she didn’t want his pity. They looked at each other for a moment before she broke the silence.
“There’s an abandoned office building in St. Petersburg, Russia. It’s near a nuclear power plant so a discharge of electricity like lightning won’t attract any undue attention. The fourteenth floor is an empty support structure for the building and has no windows. If we want to keep her from channeling away, we’ll draw her to that floor.”
“A support structure in the middle of the building? Isn’t that strange?” He sounded a little suspicious but didn’t push her. She thought maybe she was just being paranoid.
“Yes. The moment she arrives we’ll remove her power stones. At that point it will only be a matter of subduing her to a point I can kill her.”
“Are you sure you want to do it? I can take that burden from you.”
She knew he only meant to help her, to save her from more guilt, but even though she knew he wouldn’t be anywhere near her when she took Marysa on, she couldn’t let him think he’d be the one to end this.
“No. I need to do this. For my parents … and Ben.”
He nodded solemnly. “Of course. I’m sorry.”
She waved her hand dismissively. “Forget it. Are you ready to go?”
They channeled together to conserve energy, landing in an alley behind the abandoned building. Asiah knew from her research that the building was still powered, a fact she was counting on. They entered the sixty-story building through the front doors. Construction signs littered the lobby from the project that had been started and eventually abandoned some months before. The city planners were waiting for a safety inspection before the building was able to be used again.
Asiah walked to the bank of elevators near the center of the building. She pushed the up arrow and all six elevators opened simultaneously. She gestured to the middle one on her left. “After you,” she said to Chase.
He walked into the elevator without questioning her. While his back was still turned she touched the doors, causing them to slam shut. She heard his angry shout from the other side of the doors. 
“I’m sorry,” she whispered against the door. “I won’t let her hurt you again.” She heated the metal under her hands, melting the doors together. She pushed even more heat all around the car, sealing every exit Chase might take. In here, he’d be protected until she came to retrieve him later. She hoped his power wasn’t great enough to break him out, although she suspected that it might be if he worked at it.
She heard a muffled pounding against the doors as she pulled her burned palms away. Rubbing her hands together, she healed them quickly before jumping into another elevator to take her to the top floor.
On the roof, she held her hands high above her head to send a powerful bolt of lightning into the sky. The sun was setting over the Baltic Sea and it would be dark soon. The building had some antennae on top with blinking lights but otherwise the only light came from other nearby buildings.
A loud thud behind her signaled the arrival of her nemesis. She turned to face Marysa, summoning all her new strength to the surface, and lunged.
Marysa let out a screeching laugh and dodged, but not before Asiah snagged her wrist and tore one bracelet free. Blood trickled down Marysa’s wrist and dripped onto the roof, black in the dwindling light. Asiah crushed the bracelet into a fine powder in her hands and fixed her eyes on the other one.
Marysa laughed again. “Is this your plan?” she asked, removing her other bracelet. With a sneer, she tossed it over the side of the building. Her eyes faded from black to green, but her power must not have diminished. She threw a powerful bolt of lightning at Asiah’s heart.
Asiah dodged to the side and glanced up as the sky began to thunder and a sharp wind began to blow. “No stones? Getting a little cocky, aren’t you?” she taunted, throwing Marysa backward against an air duct.
She grunted as the wind was knocked out of her. “The Verderya serum works well as a substitute. Better than that sludge you gave me, anyway.” She dislodged an antenna from the roof and swung it at Asiah.
Asiah ducked and channeled to a spot behind Marysa. She hooked her arm around Marysa’s neck, maintaining contact so her opponent couldn’t channel away. “This ends now,” she said into Marysa’s ear. She felt Marysa tense as if to resist. Bringing her other arm around to brace Marysa’s face, she swiftly snapped her neck. The Shade crumpled to the ground like a rag doll.
Asiah backed away, drawing her dagger. The storm picked up and a cold rain began to swirl around her. Marysa’s body began to twitch and Asiah knew she was about to transform. When Marysa killed Asiah's parents Chase had nearly killed her then. Asiah learned that day that if a Shade’s human form is near death, the Ikhäle automatically takes over. She staunched the painful memory of that dark afternoon and moved toward Marysa to finish the job.
Something held her back. An unseen force, like an invisible wall, prevented her from approaching Marysa’s body. Asiah growled in frustration and tried to use lightning, fire, and her mind to penetrate the force field to no avail. A moment later Marysa stood before her, fully transformed, hatred glittering in her black eyes.
Asiah’s other half ached to surface, spoiling for a fight. She was already drenched and knew the storm would only get worse if they were both in their alien forms, but it didn’t matter. It was the only way to defeat the woman who had destroyed her life. The sky caught fire as she became the sinister creature with an all-consuming bloodlust, making her forget about everything else.

***

Chase pounded against the twisted metal that imprisoned him, furious with Asiah for locking him up. He was angrier with himself for not seeing it sooner. She’d agreed much too readily to him coming with her, so why had he walked into that elevator ahead of her? Support structure on the fourteenth floor indeed. He knew that sounded suspicious. Apparently, Asiah could lie to him. She’d been planning on excluding him from the fight the entire time, even when he’d offered to issue the death blow to Marysa.
He pushed again with all his strength against the melted metal. She had locked him up tight, and yet he couldn’t find it in his heart to hate her for it when he would have done the same thing in her position. He backed up against the wall opposite the doors and blasted them with green flames. The air in the elevator heated and the oxygen became scarce the longer he held the fire there, but the doors were weakening. He held it until the air petered out and the flames died. He’d been holding a breath of air in his lungs for about a minute already and stars were starting to appear in his vision. The doors smoldered in front of him and he kicked at the smoking metal. They gave a little, but not enough. He kicked again and again until his foot burst through the door, and a stream of fresh air flowed in through the hole. He took a couple breaths before he channeled through the opening and sprinted outside. 
A storm was raging and he knew the two Shades must be going at it on the roof. He was already soaked as he landed on the roof just in time to see Marysa throw Asiah down and leap on top of her. Marysa’s hands closed around Asiah’s throat.
As they did on the yacht, the two creatures moved faster than Chase’s human eyes could perceive, even with the aid of his power stones. One moment it looked like Marysa had the advantage, and the next, it was Asiah. He crouched behind an air duct to stay out of sight, and also to protect himself from the gale-force winds that could easily throw him from the roof. He wanted to help Asiah, but couldn’t find an opportunity that wouldn’t also put her in danger. He couldn’t fire a gun into the fray, and he didn’t even trust himself to throw knives, which he could do with deadly accuracy.
Asiah’s knife was discarded on the ground near the grappling Shades. Just as Chase considered summoning it to his hand, the creature with black hair snatched it from the ground and swung it toward Asiah’s throat.
“No!” he screamed before he could stop himself. The last advantage Chase had was the fact that Marysa didn’t know he was there … and he’d just blown it. Marysa paused long enough to bare her teeth at Chase in a triumphant sneer. Cursing himself, he tore three knives from his belt and hurled them at her with lightning speed. She dodged to the side, releasing Asiah in the process. Asiah didn’t even spare him a glance as she took the dominant position on top of Marysa. With surprising strength, she wrenched the blade from Marysa’s hand and jammed it under the evil Shade’s right arm, making Chase wonder why she hadn’t just gone for the heart.
Marysa’s black eyes went wide for a second, then narrowed menacingly. “You missed,” Chase heard her hiss in his head.
“No.” It was Asiah’s Ikhälean voice this time, low and smooth. She jerked the knife out and plunged it under the Shade’s left arm. “I’m just like you now, remember? Three hearts.”
An alien scream erupted from Marysa as she writhed beneath Asiah. Asiah pulled the knife out and with a final thrust, she stabbed the knife directly into Marysa’s central heart. She gave a final piercing shriek and went still. Her skin went back to normal and her hair turned red, but she didn’t move. Asiah collapsed on top of her, shifting back to her human form as well. Chase watched as Marysa’s body disintegrated into dust. The wind abated and the rain stopped almost instantaneously.
Asiah rose up onto all-fours, panting. Her eyes found his, and instead of the shame or anger he expected, there was only gratitude. She pushed herself to her feet and stumbled. He was there to catch her, and pulled her against his chest. She didn’t say anything, just held him tightly, letting her wounds heal and the relief of the moment wash over them both. 
They’d done it. Together.







Chapter Twenty-Two

Asiah sat facing the sunset on the edge of the roof of Sapphire, letting her feet dangle. With an unsteady hand, she brought the cigarette to her lips and inhaled deeply as she watched last rays of light dwindle on the horizon. Chase’s Ikhälean tobacco had a sweet flavor, nothing like the offensive odor of modern cigarettes. She hated the smell of cigarette smoke, but the ones she rolled from Chase’s tobacco filled her with nostalgia and reminded her of a simpler time … reminded her of him. She was glad she’d kept it preserved all these years.
It had been only a few hours since they’d returned from Russia. Chase had been exhausted and was taking a nap. Asiah told him she was going to do the same, but she couldn’t sleep. Now that her other side was fully nourished and balance had been restored to the energy fields around the planet, she could finally think clearly. She didn’t regret her reunion with Chase; that night had been wonderful beyond imagining. But her grief for Ben was still fresh, and she couldn’t bring herself to move on just yet. Chase wasn’t going anywhere since he’d promised to stay and help Meri raise their child, and he would have to understand that Asiah needed some more time.
She groaned inwardly when she heard him approaching from behind. He didn’t speak right away, just stood next to her looking at the multicolored sky. He glanced over and plucked the cigarette from her hand, drawing deeply from it before handing it back.
He exhaled on a sigh, “Mmm, that’s lovely,” he murmured. “Nothing they have on Earth compares.”
“Good thing I saved it,” she replied, not looking at him.
“Indeed. Especially since that’s the only Ikhälean tobacco on Earth.”
“When I first found it among you things I thought it might be Turkish.”
“It’s slightly reminiscent of Turkish tobacco,” he said. “But haven’t you ever wondered why it makes your head spin?”
“I thought that was just a side effect of smoking,” she admitted, taking another drag.
“Haven’t you ever smoked regular cigarettes? Or a cigar?”
She shook her head. “Only this. And this is only the fourth time.”
“My ‘great-uncle’ Tojen left this behind. That buzzing in the back of your brain is a feeling you can only get from Ikhälean tobacco.”
She nodded, still looking off into the distance.
He was silent for another moment. “We should talk,” he said finally, “about us.”
She snorted. “Are you breaking up with me?”
“That’s not funny, Asiah.”
She sobered. “Sorry. You go first.”
He sat down next to her, swung his legs over the edge of the building, and took the cigarette from her again. “I went before the Council.”
She looked at him, puzzled. “When?”
“When you were in a coma. I needed advice on how to help you and they seemed like the best source.” Pinching the cigarette between his thumb and forefinger, he took a short draw and handed it back.
“I see.” Dread crept in; where was he going with this?
“They told me,” he paused to take a shuddering breath, “that you agreed to take my place … and become imprisoned after death.”
So that was it. She’d known when she made that promise that he wouldn’t be happy about it. But she wouldn’t take it back. “Chase—”
“How could you?” he whispered brokenly. “It was never your burden to bear. You’ve given up your place in the æthers for what? So you could bring me back into this convoluted world where we can’t even be together?”
She opened her mouth to protest and he held up his hand.
“I know what went through your head the morning after we made love, and that’s beside the point. Don’t you realize how important you are? That you can’t just throw it all away to serve out a sentence that has nothing to do with you? My sentence?”
“It was the only way to save you!” she said hotly.
“I didn’t need saving! The reason I was imprisoned had little to do with what we did together before I died. I wasn’t the Supreme Conjurer. That’s why I was imprisoned. The Ikhälea don’t look fondly upon the minor Conjurers. If they don’t have what it takes to become Supreme, they are relegated to prison. I didn’t make sure Malthus was dead, and I paid the price.”
She spun around and stood up, dropping the cigarette and crushing it with the heel of her sneaker. “It doesn’t matter why you were there; I would have gotten you out anyway,” she said angrily, upset that her sacrifice meant so little to him. “And when were you planning to tell me that it wasn’t my fault you ended up there?”
He turned to face her, remaining seated. The orange light from behind gave him a god-like glow, along with the gleam of his bright green eyes. “It was in one of Malthus’ documents. I only found out recently. I waited to tell you until after we handled Marysa. Which brings me to my next point.”
She anticipated his reprimand and spoke up first. “I shouldn’t have locked you in that elevator. But you know you would have done the same.”
He nodded. “We need to be able to trust each other, Asiah. Lately I don’t feel like you trust me, despite what you said in the Scialytic Chamber.”
She dropped back onto the ledge. “I’ve given you plenty of reasons to think that, haven’t I?”
He took her hand and laced his fingers through hers. The spark of his touch made her ache inside. “It’s difficult sometimes when you love someone to decide when to protect that person and when to trust them to take care of themselves,” he said. “I struggle with it every day when I think about the dangers you encounter in your chosen profession.”
“It’s much less dangerous than fighting in 17 wars,” she pointed out.
“True, but I’m blinded by fear because of my feelings for you.”
“I can understand that,” she said. Taking a breath, she asked, “What did you mean when you said we can’t be together?”
He dropped his gaze for a moment before raising his eyes back to hers. “You know I would do anything for you, and there’s nothing in the world that could keep me from you, unless … you didn’t feel the same way about me.” He looked at her meaningfully.
She silently cursed him for being one step ahead of her. “Why are you always in my head?”
“I’m not,” he said quietly. “It’s written on your face. Why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind?”
She looked down to where their hands were still joined and steeled her nerve. “She clouded my mind, you know, my other half. I thought I was ready for us to be together, but I couldn’t even separate my thoughts from hers. Now, I realize that, well, I wish I’d had more time—”
“Asiah …” Chase began, but she squeezed his hand to silence him. She needed to get through this.
“I love you, Chase, but …” She braced herself for the words she didn’t want to say, knowing they’d eat her up inside if she didn’t. “Sometimes when I look at you, all I see is the light going out of his eyes for the last time.”
He stiffened, and in the silence that followed she thought she could hear his heart breaking.
“He … chose,” he said brokenly, tightening his grip on her hand. “He sacrificed himself for you. For us.”
“I know,” she said quickly. “That doesn’t change the fact that the first thing I saw after his life flickered out was you killing all those people. And now I know that they’ve all been relegated to live horrible existences in their respective afterlife prisons!”
“I’m the same man,” he broke in, his voice firm, yet desperate. “I’m the same man who fell in love with you. The man you fell in love with. I’m no different. I need you to focus on that, Asiah.”
She swallowed and nodded, determined not to cry. She hadn’t even had a chance to bring up the fact that he was having a child with her sister and that it was driving her mad with jealousy. “That’s exactly why this is so hard.”
“No,” he whispered. He lifted his hands to frame her face, pressing his forehead to hers. “I’ll give you time, hell, I’ll give you anything. Anything in the world, just don’t tell me we can’t be together. Don’t say it. I can’t bear it. Please, please don’t …”
A sob rose in her throat and she thrust it down as she pulled away from him. “I’m sorry, Chase. I’m so sorry.” She turned and fled without looking back.







Epilogue

The silence of the Forest was marred not by the bird sounds and wind as Asiah expected, but by the sound of diesel engines and men shouting. She couldn’t see anything from the clearing, except that it looked … normal. The trees were green and flowering and the ground was once again covered in soft moss. The piles of rubble she’d seen the last time she visited were gone.
Frowning, she headed toward the sound of the engines, in the direction of the reflecting pool. She stepped out of the trees to a sight she never expected: huge yellow construction vehicles roamed back and forth in the clearing, scraping up all of marble rubble and hauling it away. Crews of landscapers bustled around, planting trees and shrubs and clearing away the dead foliage. 
She stood aghast, wondering how all this was possible. Other people weren’t allowed in the Forest unless she let them in. Or they forced their way in, like Chase did. She looked around for someone who looked like they were in charge. She didn’t have to look long. A dump truck pulled to a stop in front of her and the driver hopped down, landing a few feet from where she stood. 
And there, in dusty jeans and a hard hat, was her dead husband. Her heart stopped.
“Ben … ?” she said, barely above a whisper.
“Hey, babe.” He grinned, looking like a god, even covered in dirt.
She started forward and he held up both hands.
“Wait, Asiah.”
“Why?” she whispered.
His smile faded. “I’m not really here, and if we touch, I’ll disappear. I’m just an illusion put here to help put this place back together.”
“Then … how did you get here?”
He nodded at something to Asiah’s right. She looked over to see her alter-ego leaning against a tree with her arms crossed.
“You did this?” Asiah asked her.
Her other half fixed her ethereal eyes on Asiah and Asiah heard her speak in her head.
“Your mind was in turmoil. I sought out someone from your past to restore it. You had many blissful memories of this man. I thought he would be the best image to associate with the repairs. Do you approve?”
Asiah nodded, trying to swallow the lump in her throat. “Yes … thank you.”
Her Ikhälean side merely nodded, and turned to wander into the woods. Asiah turned back to Ben.
“How long will you be here?”
He looked around. “We’re nearly finished. When it’s all repaired, I’ll have to go, too.”
“I never got to say goodbye,” she said, suddenly feeling panicky.
“I never wanted you to.” He stepped closer, just out of reach. “I wanted you to be happy. That’s all. No matter who you love, just be happy. For me.”
The Forest went still, just for a moment, and he smiled at her one last time. Then he lifted a megaphone to his mouth and shouted, “Back to work!” before he climbed back into the dump truck. The Forest came to life again as the work crews resumed their repairs. He rolled down the window, and with a last look at her, he brought his palm to his lips and blew her a kiss.
And she was filled with happiness.

End of Book 3




Thanks for reading!

Asiah’s story continues in Somnial Shade,
coming in 2015.



Follow Ann on Facebook and Twitter!

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/asiahoconnor
Twitter: @ann_serafini





The “Bens of Jura” lyrics were taken from the traditional Hebridean melody arranged by Craig Kingsbury, translated by Marjory Kennedy-Fraser, Copyright © 2002 by JEHMS, Inc., a division of Alliance Music Publications, Inc.

