SCORE
ON ME

A Renegades Novel



by Melody Heck Gatto


Score On Me
By Melody Heck Gatto
Copyright © 2015

License Notes


This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are the product of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.
All rights reserved. This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Pittsburgh Renegades™ is a fictional sports team. Their name and logo are created for the sole use of the owner and covered under protection of trademark.


Second Edition, 2015.
Editing by Bree from Vivid Words Editing
Cover Art by Kat McCarthy from Aeternum Designs



From the Author:
A few words on Kat Torella.
I love Kat!!
Score On Me features Kat Torella - a "curvy" girl. She's not overweight, but she's no size 0 either. She enjoys junk food (like most of us do-no matter what size jeans we wear) and she tends to eat according to her feelings (which in 2014 when I wrote this, I totally did stress eat. Stress=chocolate or pizza). All common things that folks (men or women) tend to do. I hope no one sees it as "fat shaming" because let me tell you, I am in no position to do that, lol, and that is not how it’s meant. I have battled with my own weight for my entire life. I'm still battling it. (check out my social media photos, it's no secret that I love a good slice of pizza or burger) 

But I did interject some of my own emotions, or thoughts in Kat. I enjoy a good fast food meal out and in no way try to show Kat as being a pig. (I personally love burgers). I just hope you understand Kat is awesome, and she doesn't even know it. All she sees is a less than perfect girl in the mirror. And a lot of us see that when we look at ourselves. This book follows Kat as she deals with those feelings. She still loves her junk food - and that's not a knock against her as a woman. It's simply her thing. She likes a good burger and fries, or arena nachos. I have a favorite tv character who has always loved frozen pizza and potato chips – for years it has been written to her character, it's just her thing. (and if I'm being honest, French fries and potato chips are a weakness of mine) So if you'll just go into Kat's story with an open mind, and remember I love Kat! In my mind she is just a gorgeous woman who prefers burgers and fries over veggies (it happens, lol).
And, I'm trying to adapt to a healthier lifestyle, but not denying myself a good burger or slice of pizza. I am learning how to eat healthier, but this girl still loves her pizza!

And to all of the girls out there who ever thought that they weren’t “pretty enough”… no matter what size or shape, you are all beautiful! There will always be someone trying to knock you down but stand tall. Be confident and be happy.
Remember, don’t ever let anyone dull your sparkle!
Do what you love and love what you do.
Smile. Dance. Laugh. Love.
#AlwaysSparkle

Remember, happiness isn’t measured in pounds…

CHAPTER 1
It was a typical January night in Pittsburgh. Snow fell in large flakes as Kat drove to the Rivers arena for a Pittsburgh Renegades hockey game. The stupid heater stopped working again, and her hands were almost numb from the freezing cold. Silently she cursed at herself. How could I forget my goddamn gloves?
“Stupid piece of shit car,” she muttered. She was irritated, but it wasn’t really because of her stupid car.
She was supposed to meet Liz at the game, but something had come up and her friend had to back out, which left Kat on her own. Her knuckles whitened as she tightened her grip on the steering wheel.
At twenty-four years old, Kat Torella lived alone in a tiny, but cute, apartment. She drove a junky little two-door, powder blue coupe. Kat loved her hockey; specifically, she loved Kris Lafleur. He was the team’s best defenseman. He was young, about her age, and a favorite amongst females. She fangirled over his flowing dark hair—his signature look—falling almost to his shoulders. It begged to be touched, and it always seemed to look effortlessly perfect.
She wore her Lafleur jersey, her Lafleur earrings and she had her Renegades purse. The purse signed by Kris Lafleur. That day was forever burned into her memory…
The hot sun beat down on her black jersey as she waited for practice to be over. She stood there for what felt like forever, but it was well worth the wait. Even with her long, dark brown hair gathered up in a ponytail, she was getting hot. The black fabric absorbed the heat, and she wished she’d worn a t-shirt instead, or at least a tank top under the jersey. Finally, a few of the guys walked out to the waiting crowd. Her breath caught as she gawked, motionless. Lafleur was standing right there, just a few feet away.
The people in front of her had brought sharpie markers and a t-shirt for the guys to sign. Looking over at them, her heart sped up and she started to sweat as panic set in. She didn’t have a marker or anything for him to sign. Why hadn’t she thought of that? She had her jersey on, so short of shoving her chest in his face to sign the black fabric, she was out of luck; but she had seriously considered it.
She asked the people in front of her if she could use their marker. When they moved over to hand it to her she looked up. Suddenly, she was face to face with Kris Lafleur. She froze.
The corner of his mouth turned up until a smile crossed his lips. He was even more handsome in person. His incredible smiling eyes mesmerized her, looked right into her. Somehow, she managed to smile back. At least she was able to do that.
Once he said hello she pretty much lost it. She didn’t remember standing next to him, or how she got there. She did know that she smiled a lot and had held out her Renegades purse and asked him if he would sign it. The couple standing next to her were nice enough to take her photo with the hockey hunk.
That photo now hung on the wall in her apartment.
Kat loved her hockey team, and was psyched to be going to the game, even if it was by herself. Her heart sank a little. As excited as she was to be going, it would be more fun with someone.
Snapping out of her self-pity, she concentrated on the road. She missed the rush hour traffic, so it took her only ten minutes to reach the university. Once she cut through that neighborhood she would be at the new arena.
She parked her car in the giant parking garage, pulled on her coat, and made the quick walk through the chill night air. Walking out of the garage, she admired the huge statue in front of the arena of the team’s owner and original golden boy, Ben Nolan.
The arena doors were already open, so she filed into the huge building with the other early fans, and headed over to the team store. Her eyes lit up as she walked through the rows of jerseys, and t-shirts. She brought a beautiful soft Renegades blanket to her cheek and then dropped it when she saw the hundred-dollar price tag. Stay focused. She wasn’t here for herself. She was here to buy a Tyler Kidd t-shirt for Gia, her sister, who also loved hockey. When they were younger, they would watch the games together on television and go ice-skating.
At the moment, Gia was in the Florida Keys enjoying the sun and warm weather with their parents. They always asked Kat to go too, but she had to work. Well, that was her ‘go to’ excuse. Catching a glimpse of herself in a mirror, her heart fell a little. Her stomach rumbled. Spending a week or more in a bathing suit with her parents was less than enticing.
After picking up the Tyler Kidd jersey, she had her ticket scanned and then made a beeline for the cafe. 
Unfortunately, the line of hockey fans spilled out the door into the arena lobby. Disappointed and pouting, Kat slowly walked to her seat instead. She didn’t want to miss warm ups; that was her favorite part. Coffee could wait until after the game. Since she was there alone there was no reason to rush tonight. She could take her time after the game.
Walking leisurely towards her section, the tasty aroma of her favorite game time snack flooded her senses—nachos with jalapeno cheese. She raced to the counter, forgetting all about the coffee.
Once the tasty nachos were in her hands, she crossed the arena to her section. Kat pulled out her ticket, handing it to the female usher.
“You know, warm ups are getting ready to start. They’re allowing people to stand down by the glass to watch.” The usher pointed to the row by the glass.
Kat smiled at her. “Awesome, thanks!” Juggling all that she was carrying, she hurried down towards the ice. She had only sat close to the glass at practices, never at the Rivers Arena. She beat most of the crowd to the front row.
A Zamboni slid up and down the ice, making sure it was fresh for game time.
The girl next to her jumped up and down, flipping around her teased hair, and almost dipping it in Kat’s nacho cheese. A heavy sigh escaped her lips. Scanning the crowd she knew she didn’t belong here. She was in a sea of skinny blondes. For a moment the excitement drained out of her. She felt invisible. Her eyes ran over every tiny waist, large breasts trying to pop out of snug tees, and perfect asses that looked like their blue jeans were painted on. She hadn’t seen jeans that size in—well, she probably never saw jeans that size. Her fat ass was nothing to stare at, unless someone was making fun of it. They might as well put her up on the Jumbotron for all to see: the wide-load in the front row, stuffing her face with nachos.
Crunching down on another chip, her eyes landed on a thin girl glaring at her as she looked Kat over.
“Hey watch it!” The girl snapped, as she flipped her hair practically in Kat’s cheese sauce. “Don’t get that cheese on me, fatty.”
Ignoring her, Kat turned her attention to the ice. She could see her reflection in the glass, that round, chubby little girl was staring back at her. The one that was teased in school when her chubby thighs rubbed together and made her shorts ride up. The chubby girl that other kids chased around at recess, laughing at her attempt to run. The chubby girl people always stared at as she ate.
That’s right, eat another nacho, tubby. The hot, gooey cheesiness will numb that pain. It always did.
The smallest thing could set her off. As an adult she was generally happy with herself. Sure, she wasn’t anywhere near skinny. But, she was happy, until she saw a reflection of herself. Well, and then there was her mom. She wasn’t a bad person, but she never hid her disgust at Kat’s size. She was a catalyst behind her weight worries. Kat was only a size fourteen, but that wasn’t approved weight in the Torella household. That was fat. She was fat.
She closed her eyes for a moment and took a breath. Maybe she shouldn’t have sat in the front row. It would have been easier to hide farther back. Opening her eyes back up, she searched the ice for the players.
The music started. She ate some of her nachos watching the guys skate out onto the ice. She could almost reach out and touch them from here, if the glass wasn’t in the way, that was. The goalies were on the ice first. They skated to their nets, and started to stretch. Kaden O’Conner, was in the net closer to Kat. He sprawled on the ice, doing splits and stretches that she didn’t even think she was capable of doing! Lifting his helmet up, his dark blond hair fell in his eyes. He poured some water in his mouth, then spat it out onto the ice.
Waiting for his teammates, he skated in wide arcs around the ice, passing right by where she was standing. He was so close to her. Before she had much time to think about being that close to a Renegades player, the other guys started to hit the ice. There was Kris Lafleur! She could see his number from across the ice. He didn’t have his helmet on and his hair blew around as he glided along the ice.
He is so damn hot. Her breath caught in her throat as her heart skipped a beat.
Watching him skate gave her butterflies. She normally wasn’t the type of girl to go ga-ga over movie stars or anything like that. But she had a crazy thing for this hockey player! She couldn’t explain it, there was something about those deep, brown eyes, the way they captivated her. However, Kat was no puck bunny. She loved the game itself. She’d loved it for longer than she could remember; the hot guys were just a bonus. A big bonus.
Gia had bought her a puck bunny t-shirt for her birthday last year as a joke. She always teased Kat and said she wouldn’t know what to do with Lafleur if she was ever lucky enough to get her hands on him. On the contrary, Kat was pretty sure she would know exactly what to do with him!
She tossed a huge chip into her mouth, nacho cheese dribbled down her chin. Of course, at that very moment Kris Lafleur skated towards where she was standing. He was only a few feet from her. Even though they were separated by glass, her heart raced. Lafleur looked into the crowd, catching her eye. His gaze stayed on her as his teammates skated around him.
He wasn’t just looking at the fans, he was looking at her. She blinked a few times. Were her eyes playing tricks on her? But it was real. He was staring directly at her, the girl with nacho cheese dripping down her chin. Really? Crap! I’m such a mess! She quickly wiped her chin with her napkin. Her face burned with embarrassment.
She watched as his eyes moved to the ice and he skated backwards a few strides. He was farther away from the glass, but he looked back up at her and grinned. Her heart skipped a beat. This couldn’t be happening.
She watched as his eyes moved to the ice and he skated backwards a few strides. He was farther away from the glass, but he looked back up at her and grinned. Her heart skipped a beat. This couldn’t be happening.
Kids and girls screamed, “Lafleur!” and pounded on the glass. There was even a girl with really big boobs holding a “Marry Me Kris” sign, and bouncing more than she needed to. But he never moved his eyes from Kat, ignoring the other fans around her, ignoring the homemade signs and even ignoring all of the big boobs. He nodded in Kat’s direction with that small smile on his lips, then skated to the other end of the ice.
She watched him speed up, skating around the net. Did Kris Lafleur just smile at her? At her? No… 
CHAPTER 2

Kris stepped onto the ice as the music started to echo throughout the building. His heart pounded in his chest when he looked around the arena. Fans packed the first few rows of the lower bowl. Little kids had their noses pressed up against the glass. Well-endowed young women were bouncing up and down, their boobs barely staying in their tight shirts.
He always enjoyed warm ups. He liked being out there and taking it all in before putting on his helmet and suiting up for the game. He quickened his stride, grabbing a puck and controlling it with his stick as he sped around the ice. He stickhandled it gracefully down the boards and shot it between the goalie’s legs. Gliding behind the net, he circled back in front and caught the rebound from Jasper’s shot. Tossing it towards the net, it bounced off of Dominic’s pads and spun into the goal.
Poor kid.
Dom was new this year and doing his best as the Renegades backup goalie. Luckily, with Kaden in net they didn’t need to call on him too much. He had talent; he just needed practice to build up his confidence.
The cheers from the fans became louder as he approached the glass.
Looking up into the crowd of people, he laid eyes on a beautiful brunette. She was eating nachos, and a bit of cheese dripped down her chin. Wow, she had the most amazing blue eyes. Even from the ice they sparkled. Kris probably stared longer than he should’ve, but he couldn’t help it.
Once she realized she had cheese on her face, she nervously wiped it away. The whole time, his eyes never left her. She was beautiful, even with the smear of cheese. He didn’t know why he couldn’t stop watching her. He could hear the fans screaming. He could hear the females and the little kids calling out players’ names. Normally he scanned the crowd, admiring the big breasts and hard female bodies. But tonight his attention was stuck solely on her.
He continued to watch the mystery girl as he skated backwards a bit. She had his jersey on. That was cute. She was cute. She wasn’t flaunting her body and her boobs weren’t bouncing around, but she held his stare. 
The whistle blew; Coach Walker called the team over. Kris tore himself away from her eyes and looked down at the ice. He started to skate away, but not before recapturing her attention and flashing a small smile at her.
After the team paused for a little pep talk from Coach Walker, players slowly started to leave the ice. Dominic was the first to go. 
Tyler Kidd, the team captain, was talking to Coach Walker by the bench as the crowd chanted his name. Tyler was always appreciative of his fans. He waved to the crowd before he left the ice.
Kris was still shooting pucks at O’Conner.
The girls continued to scream for him. Wondering if that cute brunette was still there, he took one last skate past where she was standing. His eyes met with hers. The young girls went crazy, screaming and banging on the glass for him. He just shook his head, laughing.
Coach Walker skated towards him also laughing, “Oh those girls, Kris.”
He looked up at the brunette for just a second. Hoping she knew he was watching her. Were her seats along the glass? Or maybe behind the bench? He would certainly love to meet up with her later, but the chances he’d ever see her again weren’t good. He hoped if nothing else he would be able to get a glimpse of her during the game.
Sighing, he followed Coach Walker off the ice. Hopping onto the runway, he disappeared into the locker room.

****

The team split into two groups, each skating in a circle on half of the ice. Even though it was always fun to see the players drop and stretch a little as the goalies practiced moving side to side, pretending to protect their net, Kat’s eyes never left Lafleur. He skated to the bench, took off his glove and examined the blade of his stick. She watched intently as he tugged at the hockey tape to make sure it was secure.
Obviously she’d just imagined that little bit of interaction between the two of them.
There is no way in hell he was just smiling at me, the fatty with nacho cheese dripping down her face. He was probably looking at that Barbie doll blonde over there with her boobs hanging out. Kat was not blonde, nor did she look like a Barbie doll; she was a curvy brunette. She sighed. It was highly unlikely that he’d been looking at her, but it was nice to dream.
Warm ups were over, and all of the players had left the ice. Kat couldn’t stop thinking about Kris Lafleur. Had he really been looking at her? Was she insane for even thinking that he had? In a daze, she slowly made her way to her seat. Her seats were pretty good. She was in the upper bowl, but in the second row. She set her jacket and bag on the spare seat beside her, and took a look around the arena. Two championship banners hung from the rafters. The scoreboard played video highlights and showed previously recorded player interviews. Music played; it was low and up tempo. Snacking on her nachos, she finished them off just as the lights dimmed.
The video on the scoreboard switched to live feed of the players standing outside the locker room. In preparation for the game, they joked and tapped each other with their sticks, getting pumped as they did before every game. Kaden O’Conner, the goalie, had his mask resting on his head. He was the first one to head out onto the ice. As he passed the camera, he tapped the cameraman with his stick. Kaden then flashed a sexy smile into the camera followed by a goofy face sticking his tongue out. The crowd roared with laughter as Kaden flipped his mask on and headed down the runway to the ice.
The camera followed them to the tunnel leading to the ice as the music changed to the Renegades entrance song. The bass rumbled in her chest, lights flashed around the ice and sirens blared. The crowd yelled and screamed, and the music volume increased. The lights turned back on once the players poured out onto the ice again and the buzzer rang. Through all the noise the announcer yelled, “Your Pittsburgh Renegades!”
They skated around to the loud music until it stopped. They either took their starting position on the ice, or on the bench. When it was time for the national anthem, Kris Lafleur stood on the ice, holding his helmet in his hand. He bowed his head while a small girl sang. Kat watched as his damp brown hair covered his face. She couldn’t take her eyes off of that image.
At ten after seven the puck dropped. Tyler Kidd took possession of the puck first, stealing it from Colorado and moving it clear into their end. Kidd spun around and passed the puck to Matt Jasper. He shot at the net, but the goalie deflected his shot. Lafleur skated across in front of the net to catch the rebound and tossed it over the goalie’s shoulder into the net. Score! The buzzer rang throughout the arena.
Colorado didn’t like the fact that the Renegades scored on them so quick. As Lafleur and Kidd were skating to the bench to change lines, a player from Colorado tried to slew foot Tyler Kidd, but he lost his balance and instead shoved Lafleur into the boards. Lafleur and Kidd waved their hands in the air, calling to the refs looking for a penalty, but nothing was called.
When the second period started, Lafleur skated right after the Colorado player who knocked him down. While trying to knock the puck away from him, Lafleur’s stick got caught under the Colorado player’s skate. The Colorado player stumbled, but instead of regaining his footing and continuing to skate, he looked back at Lafleur, then purposely sprawled on the ice, drawing a tripping penalty on Lafleur.
Lafleur was sent to the penalty box for a two-minute minor penalty. The arena erupted in disgust. Kat booed along with them. It was a bad call—it should’ve been diving on Colorado! Kat had a good view of the penalty box. Lafleur took off his helmet and pushed his damp hair back with his hand. That same image appeared on the Jumbotron as the female fans cheered and made catcalls for the attractive player.
His image faded off the screen and play continued. Kat watched him in the box, checking the tape on his stick.
Once his penalty expired, he flew back onto the ice, joining his line at the rush in front of the net. He grabbed the puck and passed it to Kidd, who launched it right into the net.
Goal!
Lafleur was two for two tonight so far. Colorado tried fighting back. Tyler Kidd scored a power play goal then Colorado scored two before the second period ended with the Renegades leading three to two.
People shuffled around her, taking this opportunity to go get snacks or just take a much needed break. Stadium food was her favorite. Cheesy nachos, greasy fries, and anything in between. She’d always loved food. Her family was Italian, and they loved to eat. Too bad everything she ate went to her ass. And her waist. And her hips.
Her sister, Gia, was lucky. She was never overweight. The girl could eat anything she wanted and never gain an ounce. It’s not like they had a choice as kids though. Junk food was not allowed in the house. Her mom ruled with an iron fist, and the kitchen was off limits. Period. She was pretty sure her mom had a silent alarm on the refrigerator, because every time she tried to sneak a treat her mom appeared out of nowhere to scold her.
The loud cheering of the crowd brought her attention back to the game.
“Go Renegades!” Kat cheered, as her mind cleared of the nasty memories.
She scanned the ice for Lafleur, and her heart beat quickly as her gaze finally settled on him. She sighed. He was beautiful, his strong physique gliding around the ice. 
But a guy like Lafleur didn’t go for fat girls. He was out of her league and she was wasting her time dreaming.
Colorado started the third period with a goal, tying the game at three apiece. Kat was on the edge of her seat the entire third period. The Renegades kept getting great scoring opportunities, but since Colorado put in their backup goalie after the Renegades third goal, he hadn’t let another goal in.
Tyler Kidd had many opportunities to score, but he just couldn’t get any of them in the net. The Colorado goalie seemed like a brick wall. Tonight just wasn’t Kidd’s night. Regulation ended in a 3–3 tie, and then it was time for sudden death overtime. Kat squealed, giddy with excitement and a ball of nerves all at the same time. She loved overtime.
Everyone stood as Tyler Kidd went after the puck. Kat jumped out of her seat, stepping right into her empty nachos tray.
“Oh crap.” She looked down at her feet, but luckily the cheese was empty so it didn’t make a mess. Kicking it to the side she tucked it under the seat.
She yelled and clapped as Tyler Kidd passed the puck from the face-off to Tanner MacAuley. Lafleur raced up the ice towards the net and MacAuley passed it to him. He shot it, flipping the puck right over the goaltender’s shoulder.
“Woo-hoo! Lafleur! Yay!” Kat cheered at the top of her lungs.
The crowd roared. All the fans stood with their hands in the air. Kris Lafleur had scored the game winning goal for the Renegades in overtime.
Kat giggled as they showed Lafleur on the scoreboard scoring the goal and throwing his fist in the air yelling. The other players grouped around him hugging each other and giving him high-fives. 
The players piled on to the ice, congratulating each other, especially the goalie, Kaden O’Conner. Each tapped him on the helmet.
Before the team even left the ice people started to file out of the arena. Kat’s section was already almost empty.
The announcer’s voice filled the arena revealing the game’s three stars.
“Number three-Kaden O’Conner, number two-Tyler Kidd and tonight’s number one star-Kris Lafleur!”
Each player returned to the ice for a victory lap, lifting their stick to the crowd, before exiting the ice.
Kat really didn’t want the night to end; she was having a great time. A shiver ran through her body. Rubbing her arms she tried to warm up. Gathering her things up, she headed out to the concessions area. Walking by the coffee shop, she noticed there wasn’t anyone in line. She ordered the best Café Mocha. The warm aroma enticed her taste buds. Sitting down at a small table she wrapped her still cold hands around the cup and sipped the delicious creamy drink as she people-watched.
People were always in a mad rush to get out of the arena. Kat was grateful to be able to sit and watch, while not being part of it. She would leave once it calmed down. Her mind kept going back to the warm up skate and Kris Lafleur. Did that really happen?
Her phone buzzed. It was a text message from Gia. 
Hey sis, how was the game? Hope you had fun!
Hey sis! It was awesome! Kat texted back.
Glad to hear it! I watched some of it online, Lafleur was on fire! Did you get my shirt?
Yep, got it, and Lafleur was hot! And his game was good too. lol! Do I have story for you…
She told her all about the nacho cheese all over her face and she swore Lafleur looked up at her. Gia didn’t believe her until Kat went through the whole story. It was hard for her to even believe, especially in a crowd with so many puck bunnies just waiting to get their claws on a player. She actually saw a few walk by as she was texting Gia. They were hanging around the hallways until security asked them to leave. Kat had to chuckle as they were escorted out.
After saying goodnight to Gia, she looked through the photos she’d taken on her phone during warm ups. They came out pretty nice. She’d taken a real good one of Kidd. Her sister was sure to like that. She got a close up of when Lafleur and Coach Walker skated over to the corner. She smiled when she thought about what an amazing night it turned out to be. She was sure to have pleasant dreams tonight.
Kat sipped her coffee and was daydreaming when she heard voices echo in the hallway. Trying to focus back on reality, she realized that she was the only one left in that part of the arena, and the only one in the coffee shop.
Two men walked towards the coffee shop; both men were wearing suits. It was two Renegades players. Matt Jasper and Kris Lafleur.
CHAPTER 3

Kat froze in her seat as Kris Lafleur approached the counter. She did her best not to stare, yet she was failing miserably. She couldn’t look away, she couldn’t move, and the hockey hunk was walking her way.
All she could focus on was the six-foot hockey god, who was standing right in front of her. She nervously played with her hair as her heart raced. Warmth flooded her face as the blood rushed to her cheeks. She must’ve been turning some crazy shade of red. Her heart pounded so loud that it was deafening.
Her hands began to shake. Grabbing her coffee cup with both hands she hoped to steady them or at least to hide the trembling. She knew he was a big guy, but damn, he towered over her. She saw his lips move. He was talking to her, but she couldn’t hear anything over the pounding of her own heart.
He paused, watching her. Then he spoke again. “I said, nice sweater.” The way his French accent mixed with his English made Kat melt. He chuckled softly, seemingly amused with her.
Kat realized he was referring to her Lafleur jersey. Her face had to be red; it felt on fire.
“Mind if I sit with you?”
She blinked numerous times, convinced she was seeing things. She thought for sure when she opened her eyes there would be no one standing there. But there he was.
Struggling to find her voice, she tried not to let him see her tremble. She shifted in her seat.
“Sure. Have a seat, Kris Lafleur…” She pointed to the empty chair. Her voice shook and she smiled uncontrollably. She was pretty sure that she looked like a fool. Maybe a circus clown. All she could do was stare into those amazing chocolate-brown eyes.
“Kris. Please, just call me Kris,” he said with a smirk. He sat down and mussed his damp hair, pushing it to one side.
Kat sighed longingly, wishing she could run her fingers through that hair.
“Wow, you are really decked out in fifty-eight stuff.”
If she wasn’t beat red before, then she was sure that she was now.
He looked like he hadn’t shaved in a day or so. His beard and mustache were starting to fill in, just enough to frame his face. She liked the stubble; it was sexy. He smiled when he noticed her staring, and he rubbed at his facial hair. She had seen him do that in interviews and always wondered if it was a nervous habit.
“I’m Kat,” she said. Her heart skipped a beat as he tried to tuck his hair behind his ear and it flopped back down to his face again.
“Nice to meet you, Kat.” Reaching over the table he shook her hand. “Kat… I like that. Is that short for anything? Katrina? Or maybe Katherine?”
“Um, thanks…” Kat tripped over her words. “Yes. It’s short for Katherine. No one ever calls me Katherine though. I’ve just always been Kat.” She smiled and shrugged. Only her mother ever called her Katherine.
For a few moments they sat in silence, just sipping their coffee.
Speak up, girl, Kat told herself. She hesitated and watched Kris sip his coffee. He had glanced away and she couldn’t help herself from staring. He had on a light gray striped suit with a light pink colored shirt. Before she could tear her eyes away, he looked up, catching her watching. He simply smiled, giving her butterflies, and making her lady parts tingle.
Girl, just speak up and stop staring! You’re acting like a freak. 
“That was a really great game, Kris,” she said, finally breaking the silence. Her hands were still shaking, and she felt tongue-tied. She couldn’t think of anything else to say.
“Thanks,” Kris said as he ran his fingers through that sexy dark hair again. “Exhausting.” He chuckled. “But nothing some caffeine can’t cure. Right?”
“Caffeine, right.” She scrambled for something else interesting to talk about. “This place has the best coffee.” Obviously, he would know that, duh, she thought. Tossing her hair off her shoulder, she smoothed a piece behind her ear. She crossed her legs, letting them peek out from under the table. She was never great at flirting, but he was hot, and she had his attention, so why not?
She saw his eyes wander away from her face and down to her legs. She had on tight jeans and black high heel boots.
She was doing her best to play it cool as she sat with him. She really didn’t want to act like a crazy fangirl. Thankfully she hadn’t made one of those ‘Marry Me Kris’ signs. How embarrassing would that have been?
He cleared his throat and brought his gaze back to the table. This is fun, but I’m sure he has a gorgeous Barbie doll blonde waiting for him at home, she thought. She fumbled with her coffee as he leaned forward in his chair, both elbows on the table. He grinned and looked interested in what she had to say.
“Obviously you’re a big hockey fan,” he said, motioning to her jersey.
“Obviously.” She giggled and lifted her cup to take a sip. Shaking it she realized it was almost empty. She drank what little was left and then set the cup back down on the table.
“Do you need another one?” Reaching over he shook her cup to see if it was empty. Electricity shot through her when his hand brushed against hers. His arm muscles flexed and bulged against his suit jacket. Everything seemed to freeze for a second.
Then they both pulled away slowly and exchanged nervous smiles. She paused to compose herself, then noticed he was staring at her.

****

Kris could not take his eyes off her; she was beautiful. Her crystal eyes sparkled, her silken hair sat softly on her shoulder and she flirtingly flipped it around. The way she sipped her coffee then slowly licked her lips attracted him. He wanted to kiss those delicious lips. Never had he been so completely fascinated with a girl before. He didn’t even know her yet; but he wanted to.
When it came to relationships, he thought he’d been ruined. He was sure his ex, Anna, had accomplished that before she left. Since her, he hadn’t trusted anyone enough to give them his love. Keeping his distance had served him best. But the way his pulse raced every time he looked at this girl made him think she might just change that.
His body reacted as he watched her lick her lips before she spoke. She had stunning, full lips. She intrigued him. This girl already had him sporting a nice hard-on. Observing the way her lips moved as she spoke only made his pants tighter. She made him nervous, but he had to know more about her. He’d like to know what she looked like under that jersey.
It was cute how she was nervous and bashful. The way her hands shook uncontrollably, and her cheeks turned pink every time he smiled at her. When his hand brushed against her soft skin his whole body tingled. He wasn’t used to girls making him nervous. He was usually the confident one making the girls squirm. But she was different. He couldn’t put his finger on why, but he knew she was.
Smiling shyly, her eyes were bright. She had his brain all scrambled. He scratched at his facial hair; it had become a nervous habit of his.
“So have you always been a hockey fan?” he asked.
“Yeah, as long as I can remember. When I was little I even insisted on learning how to ice skate.” She giggled, covering her mouth with her hand.
“So did I.” He teased. “Do you work?”
“I do, actually. I’m a reporter for the local paper, a sports reporter. I like it fine, except I’m fairly new, so I don’t get the big gigs like Renegades stuff. I get assignments like pee-wee hockey tournaments or high school. But it’s still fun.”
“That’s really cool. Maybe someday you’ll work with the Renegades.” 
She shook her head and laughed. “No, I highly doubt that!” She waved off his suggestion. “I’m not going to hold my breath.”
A young clerk from behind the counter approached their table. “Um…” She hesitated, looking at Kris timidly. “Mr. Lafleur, I’m sorry, but it’s late and we need to close up. The arena is already closed.” She shifted her feet and anxiously played with her hair.
“No worries.” Kris smiled at her and checked her nametag. “Kimmy. Hey, thanks for letting us stay so long. We’ll get our things together and get out of your way.” With a relieved look on her face, the young girl walked back to the counter.
Kris noticed the empty cafe and chuckled. “You would think I would know when this place closes! Oh well. Hey, uh, I know a cafe that has even better coffee than this place.” Tripping over his words he continued. “Would you… like to join me?” Tucking some of his hair behind his ear, he stood and pulled out her chair for her as she stood too. “I’ll be right back.”
While waiting on her answer, he walked to the register. He smiled at Kimmy and pulled a twenty dollar bill out of his wallet and tucked it into the tip jar.
“Thanks guys! Have a good night!” Kimmy called.
Walking back to Kat he asked, “So? What do you think?”
CHAPTER 4

Kat wasn’t sure what to think exactly. “Me?” Like there was anyone else in the cafe besides her, duh. “With you?” She felt stupid she’d said that. You could’ve responded like an intelligent person, she thought. Standing next to him made putting together coherent sentences difficult, almost impossible.
“Sure. I’ve really enjoyed talking, and I’d like to continue our conversation. What do you say?” Kris asked.
She swallowed hard. His smile made the butterflies do somersaults in her stomach—the last thing she needed was more caffeine. “Sure.”
It was cold, and the empty parking garage was dimly lit. They walked so close that he kept brushing up against her. Kris walked with his head down, but he kept glancing over at her. Her insides were squealing, and her face burned. Was he flirting with her? That’s not possible; she wasn’t anything special.
How was any of this even happening? She wasn’t the typical arm candy that Kris Lafleur walked around with. She thought about saying no to more coffee, giving him an easy out. But she didn’t want this fantasy of a night to end.
Kat headed towards her car; it was parked in a different lot than his, him being a player and all.
“Why don’t we, uh, ride together? If that’s… okay?” Kris rubbed at his right sideburn as he stuttered through his words.
She paused, not quite sure what to say. “I…” The words were just not forming. This whole night had been a dream come true. Talking to him was so easy, not to mention he was insanely attractive.
“I’ll take care of the parking, so don’t worry about that. Unless you, uh, don’t want to go. That would be okay, I mean… it is up to you.” 
They stood silent for a moment. She stared at him. He was trying to give her an out. That was sweet, but she definitely didn’t want an out.
Finally he spoke up “I thought we could continue our conversation, but if you—”
“Um… Sure, let’s go,” she interrupted him mid-sentence. “Oh, and don’t worry about the parking.” She was having a hard time worrying about her junky old car while looking into those brown eyes.
“I know the guy who owns the garage; it won’t be a problem,” Kris said with a smile. He put his hand on the small of her back and guided her to the security lot that he was parked in. When he touched her back, chills ran up her spine.
He led her to a black Jeep Grand Cherokee. It was a fancy model, but she wasn’t sure what kind exactly.
He opened the passenger side door for her and she hopped in. The interior of the Jeep was nice, dark gray leather seats, and not a speck of dust anywhere. 
When he sat in the driver side, he looked over and smiled at her. 
Oh that smile… that hair… Okay Kat, just enjoy this. Really, how often does something like this happen? Trying to relax, she sat back in her seat.
“Very nice Jeep,” she said, impressed.
“Thanks. I have a thing for Jeeps. I have a black Jeep Wrangler at home too. I don’t take that out much in the winter.”
As she was running her hand over the soft leather interior, he caught her hand in his. Kat trembled as his strong hand wrapped around hers.

****

They arrived at East Coast Coffee. It was a charming little coffee shop not far from the arena. 
Kris smiled as he watched her taking it all in, the light beige walls and the dark green tables.
“Cute place,” she said, looking around with wide eyes. Photographs that hung on the walls were of the city of Pittsburgh, some of the bridges at night, some of the various sports venues in the area, like the Rivers Arena, the old Icehouse that stood before Rivers was built, and the city’s football and baseball arenas.
“Yeah, it is. I thought you might like it.”
After ordering their coffees they found a quiet corner to sit. Kat took a seat at the small round table, and rubbed her hands together, trying to warm them up.
“Can’t get warm?” he asked, sitting opposite. Their knees lightly brushed together under the table.
“Well, no, I can’t seem to get warm, my hands are freezing. I forgot my gloves tonight, and—” Before she could finish her sentence, Kris reached over and grabbed her hands. He slid his hot hands over hers, warming them up.
“Better?” he asked. 
Kat nodded. Her face flushed pink.
“Oh!” Her phone buzzed and she jumped, pulling her hands back to grab it out of her jacket pocket. After a quick glance at the screen, she silenced it and slid it inside her purse.
“Better now?” He grinned. 
“What?” Kat asked, confusion showing on her face.
“Your hands, better? Warmer now?” Still smiling, he didn’t feel so nervous now for some reason. It amused him that she was so flustered. It was kind of cute. Everything about her was kind of cute.
“Oh yes, thank you,” she answered softly.
“I meant to ask you, were you at the game all alone tonight?” he asked, making small talk. His pants grew tighter each time her leg accidentally brushed against his under the table. There was no mistake he wanted this girl.
If he planned to hook up with someone it never took him this long. With Kat something was just different. He wanted to know about her. Looking into her soft eyes he saw kindness. And lust. He also saw lust. Her soft blue eyes sparkled in the fluorescent light every time she smiled.
Her teeth pulled at her bottom lip, nibbling on it for a moment.
“Yeah, I was.” She explained how she was supposed to be here with her sister. Then when that didn’t work out she invited her coworker, Liz. Unfortunately, she’d cancelled at the last minute.
“Her loss, my gain.” Trying to be smooth, he hoped it didn’t sound too cheesy.
“Yeah.” Her teeth pulled at her bottom lip again. “I should’ve known she was going to bail on me. I don’t really know her all that well. But, no biggie.” Kat shrugged.
“Okay, well, at least you enjoyed the game. We won, of course.” He couldn’t help the cocky smile that slid across his lips.
“Little smug, aren’t we?” she giggled.
“Nah, not at all. Who wouldn’t be confident with Tyler Kidd on their team?”
“Well, you got me there.” She shrugged, her mouth curling up at the side.
Her mouth was delicate. He wanted to kiss it and see if it was as soft as it appeared. His body throbbed; he wanted her. Looking around he was reminded they were in the middle of a coffee shop.
“We’re the top team in our division right now. I’m hoping we make it to the Cup this year. We’re having a good run so far. The honor of hoisting that trophy at age twenty-four—now that would be heaven.” Unless he could kiss those luscious lips, because that would be heaven too.
“Twenty-four, huh?”
He tilted his head at her comment. “Yeah? Don’t tell me you didn’t know from all of the media that I’m twenty-four.”
Kat looked down at the table and shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.”
Kicking back in his seat, he folded his arms as a satisfied grin lit up his face.
“I’m twenty-four, too.” She quietly squeaked out. Her eyes slowly moved up to meet his stare. “But you’ve already accomplished so much more in life than me.”
“C’mon.” He waved her comment off. “Tell me something about you. Tell me about your job.”
“No, that’s boring. You don’t want to hear about that.” She shook her head, trying hard to hide a bashful smile.
He gently slid his hand onto hers. “Sure I do.”
She silently stared at his hand holding hers. For a moment he wondered if he’d made her uncomfortable, but she didn’t pull away so he left his hand on hers. He needed to touch her.
“So, you report on hockey tournaments? And you like it just fine. But it’s not the big leagues. Yet.”
“Pretty much.” She giggled. “You summed it up nicely. But like you said, it’s not the big leagues.”
“So, that purse?” He nodded towards her purse. He could see his signature on it.
“Yeah…” She pulled her hand away, lowering her eyes.
“I remember signing that.”
“No you don’t! Really?” Kat asked, stunned.
“Kind of.” He smiled. “I remember signing a purse like that. It was at practice, right?”
“Yeah.”
“I’m sorry to say that I don’t remember the exact day. But I’m thankful our paths crossed again tonight.” His voice deepened and his eyes darkened.

****

Electricity coursed through her when he held her hands, and especially every time their eyes met. She watched him toss his hair to one side, away from his eyes.
Before they were ready to leave, Kat pulled out a tube and slowly rolled glittery lip gloss over her lips. She could feel his eyes on her. She knew he was watching, and she took her time.
He helped her put on her winter jacket, pausing as his nose moved by her hair. A chill slid over her body when he stood close to her. His strong hands paused on her arms. Her body ached for those same strong hands to push her up against a wall somewhere. Anywhere. She shook her head. She needed to get a grip. What was her problem, anyway? Why was she acting like a horny teenager?
“Thanks.” She untucked her hair from the hood of the jacket and spun around to face him. “Okay, I guess we’re ready.” Her face burned so she knew it must be bright red. There was nowhere to hide; she hated when she blushed.
No way was she going to come on to him and make a fool out of herself. Coffee was nice, but surely he was bored with her by now, and it was time for their evening to end.
Walking to his Jeep, Kris turned to her. “I really enjoyed talking with you. I’m really having a nice time.” He flashed a bashful smile and softly took her hand.
Her pulse raced as her hand slid into his. “Me too,” she replied. “I kind of don’t want it to end…” Ugh, did I really just say that? She shook her head. So much for playing it cool. Now she just looked desperate.
“You know…” Pausing he cleared his throat and rubbed at his sideburn. “The night is young. I mean, it doesn’t have to end yet. It’s up to you.”
Her mind raced. When she met his brown eyes, she wanted to agree with anything he suggested, and she meant anything. All common sense escaped her.
She had admired him from afar for a long time. Now standing beside him as he held her hand, she wasn’t sure if she should back away bashfully or hope that he wanted to put his hands on her as much as she wanted them on her. “Okay, Kris… What did you have in mind? There’s really not that much to do around here.” They seemed to keep closing out coffee shops.
The doors of the Jeep unlocked as Kris hit the button on his keychain. She turned to open her door, but he stepped directly in front of her, bracing her between him and the car. His lips were inches from hers. His warm breath played over her skin. Her breathing quickened, she wanted him to kiss her so badly. He looked down into her blue eyes, then at her lips. Leaning in, he brushed his lips gently against hers. He pulled back, only enough to look into her eyes as she drew in a sharp breath.
Her body tingled. She wanted more. Why did he stop? She was frozen, his dark eyes holding her hostage.
She stood still, with his breath on her for what felt like forever. He moved his hand to her cheek, and she looked into his dark eyes. He leaned down and kissed her lips hard. Electricity shot though her body as she parted her lips, hoping he would take it as an invitation. He did, sliding his tongue inside her waiting mouth. Her body seemed to vibrate as he pulled her close.
Kris smiled against her lips once he pulled away. She sighed, her stomach did flips, and her knees grew weak from that kiss.
“Do you trust me? I mean, besides the fact that we just met?” He chuckled. Opening her door, he helped her into his Jeep.
“Strangely enough, I do.” After that kiss, she didn’t want to be anywhere that he wasn’t tonight. It all felt surreal, but if this was a dream, she didn’t want to wake up.
“You know, Kat,” he said, looking over at her, “I noticed you before the game tonight, during warm ups.”
So she hadn’t imagined that, he did notice her… Oh No… He noticed her with nacho cheese dripping down her chin! Panic started to set in. “During warm ups?” she asked nervously.
“Yes.”
“But there were all kinds of screaming girls and kids standing around me.” And boobs. There were lots of boobs. She couldn’t believe he really did notice her in that crowd.
She touched her chin, remembering the nacho cheese on her face. She looked down to her lap and blushed.
“When I saw you in the coffee shop, I knew I had to come talk to you. I thought it had to be fate.” He ran his hand through his hair. “I know that sounds really cheesy, sorry.” He laughed a little and scratched the side of his face nervously. “But I mean it.”
“Yeah, I feel it too.” Every time he ran his hands through his hair, the butterflies in her stomach felt like they were doing circus tricks, as a rush of warmth filled her body.
“What would you say to, uh, a nightcap at my house?” Kris proposed. “I mean, don’t think that I do this all the time—” He shook his head nervously. “It’s just like you said, I kind of don’t want this night to end. We could just go have a drink?”
“Yes.” It was all she could manage to get out. She blushed shyly again, surprised at her own answer. “Sure, a nightcap at your place sounds nice.” This might be more than a nightcap; she wasn’t that naive. He was sexy as hell, and if this ended up being the one guy that she went home with for one night, well, that seemed fine with her at the moment.
“If you want to go home, just let me know.” His voice shook. “You just say the word.”
Kat nodded. “I’m good.” She smiled at him. This was the most fun she had had in a long time and she was excited to see where this was going.
CHAPTER 5

They arrived at Kris’s house. It was dark out, but from what she could see, it was a really nice house. It had a stone exterior and a double garage in the front. He drove up the large driveway and parked right outside the garage doors.
Just like a gentleman, he unlocked the front door and let Kat enter first. He flipped on the light switch, illuminating a hallway made of beautiful stone. There was a large stairway ahead of her, and a sunken in living room to her left.
She turned to say something to him, and at that very moment, his lips met hers. The force of his kiss gently pushed her against the wall. He pulled back and smiled as he gazed into her eyes. Their lips met again, harder this time. His lips were warm and soft. Kat felt like her knees were collapsing beneath her as he placed small, soft kisses on her lips, before he kissed her harder. She ran her fingers through his hair and he pulled her closer. The soapy scent of his cologne tickled her nose and made her pulse speed up. His tongue slid along her lips as he gently pushed his way inside her mouth, taking her by surprise; but she liked it. She kissed him back, and teased his tongue with hers.
His body was hard and strong against hers. His hips pinned hers to the wall, while her hands explored his broad shoulders. Even fully clothed, his body pressing against hers drove her lady parts wild. Her breathing turned into a pant. She wanted more, but a small part of her worried that once he took off her jersey and saw that she wasn’t skinny… well, that her night would promptly end.

****

Kris knew as soon as their lips met, this was it. She was it. He’d never felt this way before, and he wanted her to stay. He didn’t want to let her go.
Kris removed her jacket, then his own. He pulled at her jersey, hoping to toss it to the floor, but Kat pushed his hands away. Maybe she was self-conscious, and he wasn’t going to push her. He slipped a hand under her jersey, caressing her soft warm skin as he ran his hand up her bare back. She shivered at his touch, and he liked seeing that. He kissed her lips again, then the side of her mouth. His lips slid down her neck, scraping her skin with his teeth before moving back to her mouth. She tasted like vanilla and it was sweet and arousing.
He couldn’t get enough of her lips, full and now swollen from his kisses.
His hand moved down her back, towards her thigh, cupping her soft rear, pulling her into his hips. His hard-on pressed into her; he wanted her badly.
“You are so beautiful,” he whispered. Pulling away for a moment he paused. He didn’t want to scare her. Things were moving fast.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—” But Kat grabbed his shirt and pulled him close again. This time she was the one who kissed him. She kissed him hard and rough. He knew she wanted this as much as he did. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and ran a hand through his hair.
Leaning his forehead against hers, he tried to catch his breath. A fire blazed in her eyes. He leaned in, reclaiming her lips. Frustrated that her clothes were in the way, Kris tugged at her jersey again. He wanted it off. Now.
“Not yet,” she said softly.
He sighed, his lips sliding along her cheek. His stubble scraped her skin as he whispered in her ear. “You aren’t just being a tease, are you?”
Her body trembled under him as his breath hit her skin.
“Hardly. Trust me. Okay?”
He nodded before his lips slammed down on hers again, immediately forcing his tongue into her mouth. As he deepened the kiss, her tongue danced with his.
Her hands moved down his body. He took in a sharp breath as she unzipped his pants, letting them fall to the floor. He liked where this was going.
Kat slowly unbuttoned his dress shirt as he nibbled at her lips. Her hands slid around his waist. She ran her fingertips up his back, gently scratching his skin with her nails. That put him close to the edge, and then she slid her hands down further to see he was commando under those slacks. His heart pounded hard in his chest as she reached around and took him in her delicate hand.
Oh, now that was too much for him to handle. He wanted to be in her, not in her hand. One of two things would happen when he reached for her pants. She would freak, or she would let him take them off. He was hoping for the latter. Otherwise he had a long night in a cold shower waiting for him.
He grabbed for her pants and she gasped against his lips. Slowly he unzipped them. When she didn’t protest, he pulled off her boots one at a time, then slid off her jeans and tiny panties in one movement. She let out a hard breath. He looked up at her to make sure she was still okay. Her smile and her dark eyes told him all he needed to know.
He placed kisses up her thighs. She squirmed each time he scratched her skin with his scruff. Softly chuckling at her response, he purposely continued to do it until he reached her stomach.
She didn’t pull away, but he could feel her holding her breath. He wasn’t sure what she was afraid of, but he wanted to do anything in his power to ease her mind.
She grabbed at his shirt collar, pulling him up to her. She knew what she wanted, and he liked that. Damn, did he like that.
Her lips ran along his rough cheek. He scooped her ass up in his hands and hiked her up so her hips sat on his. Kat let out a hard breath as her body fell onto his.
“Wait, do you have protection?”
He slipped a condom from his pocket and tore open the wrapper. In a moment he’d rolled it one and was nudging at her entrance.
Taking her mouth in his and bracing her against the wall, he pushed inside of her slippery folds. She gasped into his mouth; that only turned him on more. He moved until he filled her to the hilt; she groaned against his lips.
Her body wriggled against his. He took it as a sign that she wanted more, and he was happy to oblige. She was so beautiful and he wanted more of her.
Thrusting vigorously into her, he pushed her harder against the wall. Her arms held tight around his shoulders. The way she moved against him didn’t make it easy for him to hold back. As much fun as it would be to make her come right here against the wall, he wanted to see every inch of her. He wanted to taste her skin and caress her body. His lips took over hers, as he tangled his hands into her hair.
Kat must’ve noticed he had slowed his movements, because she whispered in his ear, “More, please?” She was almost begging. Her pouty lips slid against his jaw. Damn, that was sexy.
“I need to take you upstairs for that, and lose some of these clothes.” He flashed her a devilish grin. “What do you say?”
“Yes, please.”
Dropping her to the floor, he smacked her ass as she let out a little squeal. Taking her hand, he led her up the stairs.
Once inside the doorway to his bedroom, he grabbed her and turned her quickly forcing her against the wall. He pressed his body hard against hers. Kissing her hungrily, she melted against him. He ran his tongue along the outside of Kat’s lips, then pushed into her mouth, their tongues tangling in passion.
“Can I get rid of this now?” he asked. Sex with the jersey on was intense, but he was over it.
Kat gave him a bashful look, her lips a little pouty. He took that chance and grabbed her jersey, tugging it up over her head and throwing it to the floor. Worried about why she was so nervous, he watched her intently. His eyes swept over her almost naked body, loving every inch of it.
He pulled her to him and kissed her shoulder, running his hands up her sides and along her back. His whiskers tickled her shoulder. “This has to go,” he said, referring to the black lacey bra, the only thing she had left on.
Before she could even smile, he had the bra unhooked and on the floor. He met her eyes. She appeared less nervous but still uneasy.
He moved his hands from her back, down to her curvy hips. Her body was so soft. “You are beautiful,” he whispered into Kat’s ear.
Grabbing her thighs, he lifted her up. Kat wrapped her legs around him as he carried her to the bed. Laying Kat on his bed, he crawled up her body. He ran his warm lips up her stomach as he slid his body onto hers. For a moment he paused, looking into her eyes, and moved a strand of hair out of her face. The uneasiness was gone.
“I don’t know what it is about you—” He traced the curves of her body. “Is this okay?” he asked, trying to catch his breath, hoping she wouldn’t say no.
Kat bit her bottom lip and nodded. He kissed her lips, then teased her neck with his tongue, trailing down her throat, and then licking her breasts while cupping them in his hands.
He looked down at her, taking in the beauty of her large breasts. Drawing one to his mouth, he licked around her aroused nipple and gently sucked on it. She arched her back in pleasure and moaned out loud.
Her fingers traced his muscular chest, her hands trailed down to his waist. She bit her bottom lip. He knew what she wanted. She wanted the same thing that he did.
Moving on top of her, he pressed his warm length into her, gently at first, so not to hurt her. She moaned softly at his touch. He thrust harder into her, with a slow rhythm. She was so wet; he squeezed his eyes shut, trying to keep his control.
Kat arched her back and moved her hips into him.
“Harder…” she moaned.
He grabbed her ass, pulling her to him, her legs wrapping around him. Holding her close to him with one hand he ran his other hand up, stroking her nipple. Then he thrust into her, harder and deeper. His lips made their way up her body, back to her mouth and devoured her mouth in his.
He wanted this so badly. His hard body slammed into her. He hungrily gazed down at her. “Baby, I can’t take much more. I want to explode inside of you…”
“Oh, please…” she begged.
He sped up the pace, thrusting harder and deeper into her, faster and faster, until finally she climaxed and screamed out loud as she came undone under him. Her screams pushed him over the edge and his body shook as he spilled into the condom. Exhausted, he collapsed beside her.
CHAPTER 6

Kat woke at 5 a.m., realizing she was still in Kris’s bed. She never did things like this. Her heart raced. What do I do now? Was she an honest to goodness puck bunny now?
He rolled over. Seeing that she was awake, he kissed her lips gently. “Good morning.”
“Hi, g’morning,” she whispered. “I guess I should get myself together and go get my car?” Her voice shook nervously, she wasn’t sure what to do or say.
“Don’t be silly, Kat,” he said, smiling. “Stay.” He caressed her shoulder gently, then kissed her.
“But…” She didn’t know where this was going. Was this a one night stand? When was she supposed to leave? Before she could worry anymore, he broke into her thoughts.
“Stay,” Kris said again. Looking at her reassuringly, he kissed her gently. She smiled and snuggled close to his warm body. The smell of his spicy cologne wrapped around her, reminding her of a summer day, making her feel safe and warm, until she finally fell back asleep.
A few hours later, she awoke again to Kris watching her sleep. His deep brown eyes staring at her naked body gave her goose bumps.
“Good morning again, beautiful,” he said, before softly kissing her lips. He pushed his hair back and out of his face, running his fingers through it.
“Good morning.” She looked at that gorgeous face. What a way to wake up… “Last night was amazing, but you should know I don’t ever do things like that…” she said, embarrassed.
“Trust me, I don’t either. You don’t need to explain.” His deep chocolate eyes became serious as they connected with hers. “Honestly, I don’t know what came over me. You’re just so beautiful.” His words sounded so genuine. “I hope I didn’t frighten you?”
“No, not at all.” She smiled. Surprisingly, his roughness last night was a turn on.
“Good.” His grin made her butterflies return in force. “Then how about some breakfast?” He pulled on some pajama pants, tossed on a shirt and gave her a shirt to wear.
When was she supposed to make her graceful exit? Breakfast? 
“Are you sure? I can call a cab…” She shifted nervously.
“Nonsense.” He took her face in his hands. “I don’t want you to go, okay?” He smiled, making her want to melt where she stood.
The hardwood stairway was chilly under her bare feet as she made her way downstairs. At the bottom of the steps the floor looked like stone; she remembered that from last night. This was the first time she got a look at the kitchen. Every appliance in the large kitchen was stainless steel. 
Light flowed in through the double doors that led out to the porch. Outside she could see a nice sized porch and a huge pool.
“You have a pool?” Too bad it was covered in snow.
“Oh yeah. It’s a nice place to relax in the summer.” He smiled, then walked over to stand behind her, and with his lips close to her ear said, “There’s also a hot tub out there, maybe you can join me sometime?” He smiled suggestively.
His breath on her neck made her heart race, and her lady parts tingle. She did her best to compose herself while he went back to preparing breakfast.
Helping out, Kat grabbed the cups of coffee off the counter and carried them over to their place settings at the breakfast nook. She took a sip of the hot coffee. Yum. She really enjoyed her morning coffee.
As Kris made eggs and pancakes, she watched him. He stood at the stainless steel stove in his pajama pants, bare feet, and designer t-shirt. He sure is charming. I mean what woman wouldn’t be charmed by that accent? Those strong hands? That hard body? And that sexy hair?
As if on cue, he ran his fingers through his hair, flipping it to one side. That was almost a tease.
“So, you’re a chef too?” She grinned at him from across the kitchen.
“Sure am!” He chuckled. “I always thought if I didn’t play hockey I would like to be a chef. Besides, a guy has to eat.”
“Really? Hell, you could be a male model!” She giggled.
“Sure, a model with a nose that’s been broken more than a few times!” He laughed.
His nose really wasn’t that bad looking. Kat had seen worse. “Really? I think your nose is kinda cute…”
Kris shrugged but a smirked played on his lips.
Before bringing the food to the table, he grabbed a baseball cap and put it on backwards, using it to keep the hair out of his face. She bit her bottom lip. Watching him at the stove, and especially with that baseball cap on, he was driving her senses wild. Not knowing what to think of this whole situation, she was torn. Torn between being totally turned on right now—and she was—and wondering if she should gather up her stuff and leave right after breakfast. Was she just a hook up?
She looked down at herself. She wasn’t the typical girl you would see with a hockey player. She just wasn’t. She was so worried that once he took off her jersey last night that their tryst would be over; but it wasn’t.
He sat down beside her. She could smell his cologne, and it brought back vivid memories of last night, him running his hands down her thighs, pulling her close, skimming his warm lips up her stomach, his hard body pressing on top of her… She shook her head. She needed to snap out of it.
These were the best pancakes she’d ever had. Her Grandma always said, if no one was talking during a meal, then it must be good, and that was true in this case! Kat stuffed her face, not leaving time for talking. She noticed Kris watching her and figured she had something hanging off her chin, because why wouldn’t she after the whole nacho cheese incident? Once she was able to talk, she smiled and said, “This is really good…”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t you like pancakes?” Kris mostly had eggs on his plate. He did have two tiny pancakes, but he was picking at them like a child playing with his food. Why would he make them if he didn’t like them?
Kris laughed. “No. I mean, I do like pancakes. I just, well, they’re full of carbs. I try to eat a high protein diet, as much as I can. But I wanted to give you a choice, pancakes and eggs. The pancakes smelled so good, I couldn’t help myself.”
“From what I saw, apparently whatever you’re doing is paying off,” she said, referring to his awesome physique. If she quit eating pancakes, could she look that awesome?
After they were done eating, Kris started to clear the plates, but she grabbed them up instead. She needed to do something to help. She walked them over to the sink, and before she could turn around Kris came up behind her, put one hand on her hip, and the other moved her hair aside. He bent to kiss her neck. She shivered with excitement as his lips touched her skin. He moved his hand up to her stomach, and pulled her close to his hard body. Since all she had on were her panties and one of his t-shirts, he slid his hands down to her thighs, caressing her soft skin, and trailed his touch up till he cupped her round bottom in his hands. She let out a muffled moan.
Her heart started to race as confusion set in. She’d been sure last night was a one-time thing.
“You drive me crazy… no one has ever… made me feel this way…” he said, in between kisses on her neck.
She turned to face him. Her lips were so close they were almost touching his, and he brought his hand up to cup her face.
He gently moved her face to his, and kissed her hard, pressing at her lips with his tongue, letting her know he wanted inside. Once granted entrance, their tongues twisted and danced. Pushing her towards the counter, their bodies were as close as they could be. Still she wanted more of him. Her chest heaved and she arched her back to tell him what she needed. His hands moved up under the oversized t-shirt she was wearing and caressed her bare body, then held her hips tight to his.
She could feel he was hard through his pajama pants. She caressed him lightly, then pulled away, teasing him. He let out a flirty chuckle as he gazed at her, his brown eyes heavy with lust.
They fumbled about trying to get to the couch. His t-shirt came off somewhere between the kitchen and the living room. They dropped down onto the couch, as if both were thinking the bedroom was too far away… they needed each other now. Kat didn’t know what had gotten into her, but it felt right. Kris pulled off her t-shirt to expose her breasts, grabbing at her already hard and aroused nipples. He tasted them and sucked on them, which made her let out a moan of approval.
He pulled her hips to his, pressing his hard length against her. Letting her know how badly he wanted her. He moved his hand down between her legs and gently caressed her, teasing her slippery center with his every movement. She began to push against him, moving his hand to where she wanted him. Her body was on fire and her pulse raced. She wanted more. She tugged at his pajama bottoms—luckily they slid right off—and looking into his big brown eyes, she begged, “I want you.”

****

Kris wasn’t sure why she made him feel like this. She made it hard for him to keep his cool. He never lost control, not even during a game. He prided himself on that. But he was out of control around her, which is why he always made sure he kept a condom on him. Hastily he tore it open and rolled it on.
Smirking at her, he slid her panties off and onto the floor. Taking a minute to observe the beauty lying in front of him, he looked up and down her creamy skin, his glance ending at her deep blue eyes. He leaned in and kissed her.
Kat pulled away slightly and whispered, “I want you.”
He kissed her again, devouring her mouth passionately. While looking down at her he pushed his hard and thick manhood inside her.
She moaned, “Oh God, Kris.”
Holding her legs, she was at a perfect angle for him to bury himself deep inside her wet center. He thrust slowly at first, but quickly losing all control, he moved faster. He thrust harder inside her.
She let out a muffled, “Kris…”
He moved deeper, and was rewarded with a low moan. “Yes…”
Sweat glistened on her forehead, and her eyes fixated on him. She was beautiful, with her eyes closed and her head thrown back. With a moan, she arched her hips into him more. She was so wet and the movement was too much for Kris to handle.
“Oh God, Kat, c’mere.” He dug his fingers into her hips, pushing her body onto him harder. He exploded inside of her, as she came undone and shuddered underneath him. She dug her nails into his shoulders, until her breathing quieted and then she curled up against his strong chest.
Kat let out a heavy breath and smiled. She touched his cheek, wiping perspiration off of his face.
Kris wrapped his arm around her, her body facing away from him, and hugged her tight.
His cell phone buzzed from the coffee table. He could see it said ‘Anna’. He hadn’t heard from Anna in months. Great. What the hell did she want now? She was the last person he wanted to hear from at that moment. Kat moved to see what he was doing, but he switched his phone off before she could see the display.
Pressing his chin against Kat’s shoulder he placed a kiss on her skin. He really liked her and didn’t want to scare her off. Kat looked up at him, her eyes shiny and nervous, unsure what to make of all this, still.
“Kat, I want to really get to know you. I want to know all about you, not just what you’re like in bed, even though I already know I like that.” He smirked. “I have a busy schedule with the team, but I’d love to keep seeing you.” His gaze serious as he watched for her reaction.
Kat looked down at the floor for a moment. Her silence worried him. What could be bothering her? Kris turned her to him, lifting her chin gently so he was looking into her eyes.
“Wow, my head is spinning,” she said. “This has been amazing, and I don’t mean just the out-of-this-world sex either.” This time Kat smirked and then blushed at her own candor.
Kris lowered his lips to hers for a small, gentle kiss. “C’mon, join me for a shower,” he whispered, as he gently stood her up. He kissed her again, and then took her hand, enticing her to follow him upstairs.
Kat looked around the spacious blue and tan bathroom with wide eyes. She stepped into the shower stall, Kris following closely behind her. Her ass was round and plump. Absolutely perfect, he thought as salvia filled his mouth. He wanted to bury himself in it. Grabbing her hips, he pulled her into him. A small gasp escaped her lips.
She kept her arms tightly wrapped around her chest and middle. A gentle smile crept over his lips at the sight of her bashfulness.
“Just reaching for the soap,” he said. Her damp skin pressed against his caused him to stiffen and he knew she felt his body’s reaction. He was trying not to scare her away, but he was on fire. His desire for her was intense. Why is she hiding those luscious breasts from me? It’s not like I haven’t already seen her.
Squeezing an ample amount of shower gel in his hand, he rubbed his hands together, causing the soap to foam up. “Let me wash you.”
“I don’t know—”
Before she could finish her sentence, Kris caressed the foamy soap onto her back. Cupping her ass in his hands he washed her plump behind. Continuing to press his hard on against her, his hands wandered around to her stomach as he nibbled at her ear.
“No,” she squeaked out and pushed his hands away. Her body became rigid.
The bashfulness was cute, but getting old. She was beautiful, and he wanted to look at her. He wanted to caress her damp silken skin. He swallowed hard; he wanted to have her again.
“You don’t need to hide from me, Kat. Please.” He spoke gently, hoping to convince her.
Kat slowly turned to face him. Her hands were still firmly against her front. He watched her eyes trail down his body; it sent flames through every inch of him. When her eyes met his arousal her lips curved into lusty smile. Her reaction had him wired; he was doing everything in his power to not come right then.
He took a long deep breath hoping to calm down. “You like what you see?”
“Maybe.” She teased.
“I think I should be able to see a little more, too, don’t you? After all, I am standing here for your full viewing pleasure.”
Pressing her middle against his, she removed her arms and reached for the handheld shower head. She allowed her breasts to be fully on display for him but her stomach pressed to his. She used the spray to rinse his body off.
Avoiding his eyes, she turned her attention to the water rolling off of his skin. Her teeth bit at her bottom lip, making his pulse speed up; he loved when she did that. Tilting her head up to meet his glance, he softly brushed his lips against hers.
She pulled away. “Now let me wash you.” She dampened his hair before setting the shower head back in its cradle.
Kris pushed his hair back with his hand. The warm water hitting his back combined with the fire running though his veins made his control falter.
Kat grabbed the bottle of shower gel and poured some into her hand. As she ran her soapy hands over his chest and swirled her fingers along his chest hair, he sighed heavily. Lathering up his chest, abs, and shoulders she worked her way down. He closed his eyes and let out a quick breath. He was rock hard; he desperately wanted her to touch him.
Backing off, she picked up the shower head to rinse him off. Her erect nipples brushed against him as she moved, and his body throbbed for her. He couldn’t hold back any longer.
He took the shower head from her hand, and placed it back in its cradle, then gently pushed her against the shower wall. His hard body pressed against hers; he wanted to see all of her. Taking her hand in his, he stretched her arm above her head. She had no choice but to let him look at her now. The warm water splashed at his back and dripped down her body. He was in control now, and had no desire to hold back any longer. He leaned out of the shower and grabbed the condom he’d left on the vanity.
She moaned while his teeth nipped at her neck, but let out a sharp gasp and muffled scream as he pushed inside of her. His eyes met hers as a decadent smile crept across her lips. They parted just enough to let out a gasp as he pushed deeper.
“I can’t hold back anymore…” His voice trailed off as he moved into her, hard with slow thrusts. His movement became more frenzied and swift as the moments passed. He was so close. When her hips arched into his and she squirmed under him, it was more than he could take, and his warmth spilled into her.
A soft cry escaped her lips as her body shook.
He let her arm go, and her body relaxed against his. Trying to get his breathing back to normal he traced his finger down her frame. She was no longer hiding from him. Her eyes sparkled as she watched him.
“Alright, cutie, let’s finish getting you washed up and get our day started.”
CHAPTER 7

After picking up her car, Kat felt weird about letting Kris pay her parking fee. She’d been taking care of herself for a long time and wasn’t used to someone else stepping up. She checked her mirror to make sure Kris was following behind as she led the way to her apartment. Her hands trembled as she drove her little piece of crap car. It had been known to break down, and in front of Kris that would be embarrassing.
The drive to her apartment felt longer than usual. Her heart raced as she prepared to show Kris her life. It was nothing compared to his. She lived in a simple three story old red brick building. There was nothing fancy about it. The dingy walls and worn carpet proved that.
He took her hand as they walked into the building and towards the elevator. The simple gesture made her heart flutter.
Once the elevator doors started to close, Kris asked, “Which floor?”
“Two.” Her negativity was getting the better of her again. What was she doing? Why was she bringing Kris Lafleur to her boring little apartment? I must be crazy. She looked over at Kris. Yeah, crazy for him.
They walked along the dull looking hallway. For years she had hoped they’d put up a fresh coat of paint, or at least update the decor. A fake green plant with a thick layer of dust on it sat right outside the elevator doors. Her apartment was at the end of the dim hall, the only door with a Pittsburgh Renegades sign hanging on it.
The hall was quiet, but as she unlocked her apartment door, she was startled by her neighbor who opened her door to get her paper. She was wearing a Pittsburgh Renegades t-shirt. When she looked up at Kat and Kris, she did a double take and stared at them.
Kris smiled at her and said, “Hello.”
The lady gasped, covering her mouth with her hand. Kat thought the poor woman was going to pass out! They smiled at each other and laughed a little. The neighbor’s eyes grew wide and her face turned bright red.
She tipped her head. “G’morning.”
Kat waved in his direction. “C’mon in.” She needed to get him in her apartment before the whole complex was at her door looking for autographs.
“It’s small.” She shrugged. “But it’s home.”
She didn’t need much room; it was only her. Behind her door was an oval mirror, framed in decorative brown stained wood. It had coat hooks all around it, and a shelf at the bottom. There was a purse hanging on one of the hooks, and a hooded sweatshirt on another. She hung her purse on an empty hook, and tossed her keys onto the little shelf that lay below the mirror.
“Kat…” Kris started to speak as she closed the door behind him.
She spun around, her heart in her mouth about what he was going to say next. Her stomach was in knots. Isn’t this the point where the guy drops off his one night stand, never to see her again? But, he did drive all the way over here…
She tried to tell herself that it was only ever going to be one night, but it wasn’t working. Already, she was addicted to his kisses; his touch made her feel alive. Was it foolish to hope for more? If he left, she felt like she would crumble. Ugh! This wasn’t fair! Having a taste of this passion, this sensation of amazing that she felt with him; she didn’t want it to go away. Closing her eyes she turned around. She didn’t want him to see her tears when he told her “it was fun” and walked out of her life.
“Kat,” he said again. “I know we just met, but—” He paused. “But, I want to know… how you would feel about dating?”
Turning around slowly, her eyes fixed on him. “Date me? I assumed this would be our goodbye…”
He closed the distance between them. “Yes, date you. I already told you I wanted to get to know you. I want to learn everything about you, and I can’t do that if I walk away now, can I?” He paused as his eyes drifted over her. “Kat, you have me mesmerized and I don’t know how or why, but I like it.” He took her hand in his. “I need you to know that I am not that guy. I’m not the one-night stand kind.” He smiled and played with her fingers. “If I didn’t know better, I would’ve thought that you put some kind of spell on me. I just don’t want to let you go.”
“So, what are you saying?” She stuttered. She was trying to get a handle on what he was thinking, looking for a clue in his face that he was actually serious. He looked genuine, but she was still half expecting him to run the other way. After all, he’d seen her naked; she was surprised he was even still standing here.
“I’d really like to see you again.” He grabbed her around the waist, pulled her to him, and kissed her lips. When he drew back, she smiled.
This, in fact, was him not running the other way.

****

Kris looked around her apartment. It was a nice little place, very small, with light blue walls and white trim and a pale gray carpet. It was decorated with paintings of Italy, and white curtains that fell to the floor, pooling where the wall met the carpet. Her couch was a little white puffy love seat. He felt like she was surprised that he was still here. But there was no other place he wanted to be.
On the wall was a framed photo, an eight by ten. He walked over to get a better look at it. It was of him and Kat. He grinned, pointing to it. “Is this the practice you were talking about?” 
“Yes.” She blushed. “The practice when you signed my purse.” She shrugged a little.
He chuckled, shaking his head. His phone buzzed. Reaching for it he noticed the name on the screen and shoved it back in his pocket.
He noticed Kat’s face change. Her cute blushing and smiling had changed to pale and tense. Uh-oh, he thought. He grabbed her hand and led her to the puffy couch. As they sat down, he asked, “So what’s bothering you?”
Kat shrugged. “Nothing. It’s none of my business.”
“Okay? I know something’s is bothering you. What is it?” He didn’t like to see this look on her face. He couldn’t figure out what happened to change her attitude so quickly.
She took a deep breath, and her words just fell out. “Do you have a girlfriend?”
The scared look on her face told him that wasn’t exactly how she meant to say that.
She shook her head, seemingly frustrated with herself “I mean, you said you wanted to see me again, but are you seeing other people as well? Ugh! I didn’t mean it like that. Not that it matters. I mean, I’m just wondering. No, never mind. Forget I even said anything.” She rambled, her face turning a deep shade of crimson.
A small grin slowly formed on his lips. “No, I am not seeing anyone. Why would you—?” Then it hit him. Anna kept calling him; she must’ve seen her name on his phone. Shit. “Oh… you mean Anna?”
She turned her head and looked at the floor. “It’s not funny.”
He pressed his finger to her chin and lightly pulled her face back to him. “Hey,” he whispered. “It’s okay.”
“No, it’s really not. It’s none of my business.” She stood, walked across the room and stopped by the mirror. Looking at her reflection, she ran her hand over her hips and stomach.
He watched her face in the mirror. Something wasn’t right. He went to her, curled his arms around her waist, moved her hands from her stomach and hips, and replaced them with his own. She let out a small gasp as his lips grazed her neck, and his arousal pressed against her lower back.
“Whatever you are over here thinking, you are wrong,” he said.
“But I’m sure I’m not the kind of girl you’re used to,” she said, pausing as he kissed her neck again.
“Meaning?” he asked, between kisses. “Beautiful? Sexy? Smart? All of the above?”
“Curvy.”
Curvy? What the hell did she mean by that? Little did she know that he loved all her curves. “Baby, all I see is sexy, period.” He obviously didn’t see what she saw. He saw a beautiful girl, an amazing girl. A girl that was sexy as hell. A girl who rocked his world last night. God, didn’t his hard-on tell her anything? His erection pressed against her back, but he really wanted to be inside her. “And if you think you are curvy, then I have to tell you, I really like your curves.”
“I have no idea why,” Kat said sadly.
“Because, Kat, you’re beautiful. I’m doing everything in my power to not take you right here on the floor, that’s how wild you drive me.” He wasn’t exaggerating; the pressure in his pants was unbearable.
“Really?”
Still not sure that she believed him, he spun her around and took her mouth in his, holding her head so she couldn’t pull away. Exploring her mouth with his, he pressed his arousal against her hips. He would show her how serious he was. Slowing his kiss, he pulled away slightly.
“Really.” He smiled, resting his forehead against hers.
She took in a deep breath. “Oh…” She looked up at him as he smiled at her sweetly. “Um. Let me go freshen up.” She disappeared into her room.
He followed behind her. The paint and the carpet were the same as the rest of the apartment, and she had the same curtains in her room, except they were a dark gray color. There were a handful of picture frames on the wall; a few had her and a very Italian looking younger girl in them. One was of the girls at a Pittsburgh Renegades hockey game. Cute.
He watched her study herself in the bathroom mirror as she fussed with her makeup. Once she realized he was watching her, she shut the door with a bashful smile.
When she came out, she’d changed into blue jeans and a v-neck black top.
“Are we good?” he asked, admiring her in those jeans; they made his mouth water. He wrapped his arms around her waist.
Kat nodded.
“Hey, beautiful. I wondered if you wanted to order some Chinese for dinner?”
“Yeah, we could do that.”
They decided on meals and Kris ordered their food.
“I have practice early tomorrow, and a game tomorrow night. Then we fly out to Philly and Jersey for a two game stretch. But after that, can I see you again?” His heart dropped at the thought of leaving her and having to wait almost a week to see her again.
“Yes.”
Kris smiled. “Great.” He gathered her up in his arms and took her mouth with his.
CHAPTER 8

Kat stabbed a piece of General Tso chicken with her chopstick and popped it in her mouth. It was a huge bite and she had to cover her mouth with her napkin, so she didn’t look like a complete slob.
After that little meltdown earlier, she felt almost back to normal. Kris smiled at her from his seat on the couch as he grabbed the container of white rice and added some to the chicken on his plate.
She wasn’t very good with chopsticks, and grew a little nervous about making a fool of herself; she was good at doing that. She had a container of fried rice, and one of General Tso chicken. How was she was going to eat this without wearing it?
Kris opened his cartons, steamed rice and some chicken with broccoli. He effortlessly grabbed his chopsticks, picked up a piece of chicken, and took a bite. He made that look so easy, she thought, as she tried to shovel a piece of her chicken into her mouth with the chopsticks.
She felt his eyes on her as she pushed around some rice with her sticks and used her fingers to pop another piece of chicken into her mouth. This was so embarrassing. She wanted to just try to pick up a bite of food, but knew it would end up all over her instead. How hard could it be, really? She fumbled with the sticks and tried to hold them the same way Kris was; unfortunately, he was left-handed and she wasn’t. So she tried her best to mimic what he was doing.
She was still having a staring contest with her rice when Kris asked, “Do you want a fork?” He smiled, put down his chopsticks and reached for the plastic forks that were in the bag. A rush of warmth flooded her cheeks. Obviously, he’d figured out that she couldn’t use the sticks. It wouldn’t have taken a genius to figure that out though. A baboon probably could’ve used them better than she was attempting to.
Kris picked up a plastic fork and paused before taking another bite of chicken. “I’ll teach you how to use chopsticks some other time. No worries, beautiful.”
That was all he needed to say and she felt better about using a fork, especially since he was too. She’d never met any guy who was this much of a gentleman. She put down her carton and reached for a spring roll. Kris reached for the same one. He picked the spring roll up, holding it up to feed her a bite. She was surprised but took it. His eyes flamed with intensity as he watched her mouth. He popped the remaining spring roll into his mouth with a wicked grin. A shiver ran through her body. Wow, could he be that into me?
“Aren’t those a little too fatty for you?” She teased with a chuckle.
“Like I always say, everything in moderation…” he answered, grinning.
She grabbed the fried rice and dumped some more onto her plate. Now that she had a fork to eat the Chinese food, she was really enjoying it. But, those messages on his phone from Anna still bothered her. She quickly said, “Forgive me, but I really have to ask you… who is Anna?” She shoved a spoonful of fried rice in her mouth to keep anything else stupid from falling out. It wasn’t any of her business who Anna was. Why the hell did she even ask him?
He looked at her with raised eyebrows, then shook his head while he finished the mouthful of chicken and rice. She waited, holding her breath. After taking a drink of water he asked quietly, “Okay, so that’s what was bothering you?”
“Well, kind of. Yeah.”
“My ex. If you want to know the story, I’ll tell you.”
She nodded as she took a bite.
“Okay, here goes. I met Anna Jourdain a few years back. I was new to Pittsburgh and homesick. The young girls here were throwing themselves at me and I was young and stupid.”
She rolled her eyes and mumbled, “Poor thing.” She took a mental note of the name, Anna Jourdain.
“Anyway,” he continued. “I needed a partner. I was lonely. That’s where Anna came in.”
“So, you met her here?” She bit her lip as soon as the words came out, wishing she could keep her curiosity contained.
“No. I went home to Montreal the summer after my first season here. She approached me at the gym where I was training. We started to date, and she came back to Pittsburgh with me. It was nice to have someone to come home to.” He shrugged.
Kat’s head was spinning; Anna sounded like she saved him. Great. No, nothing to worry about, Kat.
“Well, the whole thing started to crumble about a year in. She started to take frequent trips back to Montreal, and I was alone a lot of the time again. Her favorite pastimes were shopping and, well, shopping. She didn’t like sitting and listening to how my day was, or how things went at the game. She never even came to a game. She would stay longer each time she went to Montreal, claiming she was visiting family. That was around the time Pittsburgh signed me to a new contract.” He shook his head and moved the rice around his plate. “Then she got pregnant. She wanted to get married right away.”
“Wait, you have a kid?” Her eyes wide; she didn’t expect that. What the hell?
“No. I don’t.” He shook his head and looked into Kat’s confused face. “Anna was pregnant, and long story short, tried to pass the baby boy she was carrying off as mine. She had eyes on my new contract and wanted me to marry her. It was mid-season, and I had no intention of trying to plan a wedding at that point. I needed to concentrate on my game, and she wasn’t pleased about that.”
Kat was so disturbed by this story, she put her fork down. Her stomach churned as if she might be sick.
“Once she had the baby, I was ready to give him my name. I was ready to be his daddy. Until the tests came back.” She stared at him, her mouth hanging open. “Yes, I had the hospital run DNA tests, just to be sure. I wasn’t convinced that he was mine. Well, my suspicions paid off.” His eyes grew hard and his jaw ticked. “Apparently those trips to Montreal were for more than just visiting. I’d seen things online about her going to Canada, and rumors that she was hooking up with Montreal player, Shaun Braden. Ironically, I knew Shaun. We’d played Juniors together and had been friends.”
Okay, this chick was a piece of work. Kat took a drink of her water as he continued. Her racing heart slowed to normal as the story unfolded. Anna didn’t seem like so much of a threat anymore.
“Nico was Shaun’s, not mine.” He ran his hands through his hair as he took a deep breath, pushing the loose strands out of his face and back behind his ears. “She packed her things and left. Last I heard she was still in Montreal.”
“Wow.” Kat sighed. That was a whole lot of information. Her heart ached for him. It must’ve been awful, thinking he was going to be a daddy, only to find out it was some other guy’s baby.
“Hey, you asked.” He chuckled, shaking his head. “Feel better now?”
She let out a small stifled laugh. “Yep. Sorry about all that, I didn’t know and I—”
“You saw her name pop up on my phone, I know. She’s been calling lately. I don’t answer and she doesn’t leave a message. It’s been a long time since I talked to her last. I can’t imagine what she could want, but I don’t really care. Kat, you ever hear of the term gold-digger?”
“Yeah.” She laughed.
“Well, I think they created that word just for her.” He laughed at the look on her face. “Yeah, she’s that bad. The new contract I had signed with Pittsburgh was a pretty nice one, and all she saw was dollar signs.”
Breathing a sigh of relief, she was satisfied for now. She took a big bite of her chicken. But why would Anna be calling him again? Her thoughts were broken up by his voice.
“My turn.” A sneaky smile crossed his lips. Kat winced, not sure what to expect once he spoke. Kris chuckled. She played with her food without looking at him. “So, watching me play hockey… what did you like about me?” he asked.
“Well, your sexy hair caught my eye first.” His cheeks actually colored at that, and he nervously messed with his hair. Cute. “Then your accent; I like it. After that, I started to watch the game for you. As much as I enjoy the game, I also enjoyed watching you… That sounds really creepy, sorry.” Kat shook her head, hiding her face in her hands. I am such a dork, she thought, cringing.
He smiled shyly, “So you like my accent, huh?”
Her cheeks warmed. “Yeah, the accent is hot… have to admit,” she said sheepishly.
“Favorite car? Favorite color?” He was funny, asking her question after question, and she answered every one of them.
“Car? I love Mustangs. Color? Purple. My turn. Okay, favorite music? Oh wait.” She laughed. Her face burned and she wanted to hide. “I know this one… hard rock and metal. I also know your favorite color is blue, and when your birthday is… Seriously, I feel a little stalker-ish right now!” There wasn’t much she didn’t know about him, well, because it was all on the internet. And because she had done her research on him. She hid her face as best she could with her hand.
“No you aren’t stalker-ish! That info is out there online. I don’t know what I can tell you that you don’t already know. Except now you know I have a pool and hot tub, and that I’d like to see you in them,” he said in a low growl.
After a moment he changed the subject. “So, what kind of music do you like, Kat?”
“I like rock and metal. From what I’ve read, we have pretty much the same taste in music.”
“Nice,” he smiled. “So, tell me about your family.”
She wrinkled her nose, “Well, my parents are snow birds, so they spend most of their time at their place in the Florida Keys. Like now. It’s cold here, so they’re in Florida.” She didn’t really want to talk about her parents. They were gone so much during the year, and she spent most of her time on her own.
“Siblings?” Kris coaxed her as he ate.
“One sister, Gianna. We’re really close. She’s three years younger than me. She lives here but goes to the Florida Keys with my parents.” Kat sighed; she missed her sister.
“Is she here now?” Kris looked genuinely interested. Kat just had no idea why.
“She should be home in a few days, actually.”
“Nice.”
“And you? You’re so curious about me, what about you? Parents? Siblings?” He wasn’t getting away that easily. She took a big bite of her food while she waited for his answer. She was kind of enjoying this.
“Okay, fair is fair. No siblings, but I have a cousin my age that I’m very close to. He’s always been like a brother to me. He plays hockey too.” She tilted her head curiously. “He plays for Los Angeles.”
“Okay, don’t keep me in suspense. Who is he?” She knew her hockey and didn’t recall another Lafleur. How could she miss that?
“Patrick Dubois. And my parents still live in Montreal—” 
“Patrick Dubois? Seriously? The captain for Los Angeles?” Kat was shocked; she had no idea they were cousins.
“Yep. We don’t publicize it. Obviously, we don’t see each other a lot, but as kids we were real close.”
Apparently, she didn’t know all there was to know about him. She laughed to herself.
Kris turned to her and said, “Tu es incroyable et belle.”
Kat wanted to just melt… the way he spoke French to her made her heart race and her body warm.
“In case you don’t speak French, I said, ‘You are amazing and beautiful.”
This is too good to be true. She expected to wake up any minute and have it all been a dream.
“Wow… I love that!” She giggled as heat rushed to her cheeks. “I like when you speak French, it’s sexy.” Now he knew his accent was one of the things that drove her crazy.
“So is it safe to say that you’ll be anxiously waiting for me to get back from Jersey?” He asked with a sexy growl.

****

Kat had an article due for the paper reporting the finals of the local pee-wee hockey tournament. She put all of her energy into it while Kris was gone, handed it in that afternoon, and finally had some free time.
The game against Philly had been ugly, as usual. She’d watched enough hockey games to expect nothing less. Their muscle had a target on Kris and Tyler Kidd’s backs. Tyler had been hit in the jaw, which caused Kris to come to his aid, leaving Philly’s enforcer with a black eye. In the end, Pittsburgh outplayed Philly, winning 5–1.
She didn’t hear from Kris after that game, but tried not to worry about it. They weren’t even ‘officially’ dating. She wasn’t sure why she was pathetically pining away, waiting for him to get home and call.
Luckily, she had her article completed and turned in before tonight’s game in New Jersey. The microwave beeped with her reheated chili. By the time she turned on the television, the first period had already started. Realizing she’d forgotten to eat today, and was so hungry, food was her first priority.
After setting her empty bowl down on the coffee table, the horn sounded, indicating the first period was over. She muted the television and grabbed her laptop. She typed ‘Anna Jourdain’ into the search box. For a moment, she felt weird about doing this. Was it any of her business? She shook her head. Who cares? Any information online was for the public to see.
She looked through all the articles and found a handful of photos of Ms. Jourdain. Holding her breath, she clicked on one of the thumbnail photographs. Of course, Anna was a skinny strawberry-blonde with big breasts. Probably fake. She had little freckles on her nose and cheeks. Miss Big Boobs looked like she might have been older than Kris. Scrolling through the photos, she found one of Anna when she was pregnant, standing with Kris. He looked so happy.
Her heart ached. Looking up from the laptop, she wondered how badly it crushed him to find out that the baby wasn’t his. She turned the volume back up. Kris was on the ice, so she diverted her attention back to the television. She liked watching him skate, and he had a few nice shots on goal this period. Before the horn sounded, he hip-checked New Jersey’s captain into the boards, sending him sprawling onto the ice.
The refs called a two-minute penalty on him, and because the period was over, he would start out the third in the penalty box. The television cameras caught him slamming his stick into the wall as he left the ice.
Kat chuckled and went back to her laptop. Scrolling through the articles, she hoped to find something current on Anna Jourdain. She found some tabloid articles about her and Shaun Braden dating, but the only mention of marriage was that Shaun had asked her to marry him since she moved back to Montreal. There was even a photo of her, Shaun, and baby Nico. The baby had a pudgy little face and big dark eyes. He was a cutie.
There it was, a recent article mentioning Anna, but it was about Shaun Braden. Apparently, last season Braden went out with a concussion after a bad hit. He’d been on long term injured reserve; he hadn’t been back on the ice since. They recently announced he was still suffering from post-concussion syndrome, still having bad headaches, and trouble with his vision. That’s when she saw it, an article written just a few weeks ago, saying it was possible that Shaun Braden’s career was over, and mentioning that his romance with baby mama Anna Jourdain was also over.
Kat had been so involved in her internet search, that she missed what was happening in the game, until she heard the announcers yell “Kris Lafleur with the goal!” Her attention snapped back to the television, and as she watched the replay, she hooted out loud. There were two minutes left and Kris put the Renegades ahead 2–1.
She looked back at the article. Kat didn’t like the coincidence. Kris hadn’t been joking around when he’d called Anna a gold-digger. And after the way things had ended with them, why would she be calling him now, straight after splitting up with Shaun?
CHAPTER 9

“No shit! Seriously? Oh my God…” Gia’s voice echoed through her phone. “You went out with Kris Lafleur? Holy shit!”
“Yeah, seriously. Um, then I sort of went home with him that night…” Kat said quickly, her voice low. They always joked about sex, so she wasn’t embarrassed to talk to her sister about that, but she was more uncomfortable about the fact she’d jumped right into bed with him; that was so unlike her.
“Back up… what was that?” Gia asked.
“You heard me.” Kat knew Gia was making her repeat herself just to hear the words again. Kat was for the most part a good girl and never did things like this. Kat rolled her eyes. Gia must be enjoying this.
“You sort of went home with him? What in the hell does that mean?” Gia teased. “Miss Puck Bunny…”
“Alright, enough! I went home with him…” She spit out quickly, each word quieter than the last.
“You are a puck bunny!” Gia giggled. “Wow, I am impressed! And jealous! Sex with a hockey player, yum!”
“Yeah, I know, right? And it isn’t like that… ” Kat said, almost proud of that fact.
“How was he anyway? You know… the sex?” Gia was giggling.
“Um, oh… amazing…” Kat gushed. “You never realize how buff they are under all that equipment, wow!” She felt her face burning, embarrassed that Gia even asked her that, although she should’ve known that she would. “He’s such a great guy and he’s been really wonderful to me.”
“What? You mean you’ve seen him since that night?”
“Yes, we’ve been out. But there’s a problem…” Kat went on to explain about the messages from Anna. “Gia, what should I do?” Kat waited for a response from the other end of the phone. She hoped her sister had some words of wisdom for her.
“Kat, what do you want me to say? If you like him, see how things play out. She sounds like a nut job anyway. I looked her up while you were talking, and wow, can you say gold-digger?”
Kat stifled her amusement at Gia’s comment.
“Yeah, but look at her…” The quietness of her apartment started to close in on her. She really wasn’t anything compared with Anna. That self-conscious feeling was back. Miss Fake Big Boobs was really doing a number on her own confidence.
“Oh stop it! Sis, please! She has nothing on you. You’re beautiful!” Gia exclaimed. “Listen, I’ll be home in a few days. Stay strong. How likely is it that she’d come back to Pittsburgh anyway? Kris isn’t the daddy, and wouldn’t you think Braden would have some sort of rights over her not taking Nico away?”
“I guess.” Kat wasn’t sure about anything anymore, except that her diet started tomorrow.

****

Kris flopped onto his couch, finally home from the two-game road trip. “Home sweet home,” he mumbled as he popped open a beer. His phone started to ring. He quickly grabbed for it, hoping it was Kat.
But the name read Braden instead. He hadn’t talked to Shaun in years—a lot of years. Not since before he found out Anna was cheating with him. There hadn’t been any reason to. “Hello?”
“Lafleur? It’s Shaun Braden.”
“Shaun, what’s up?” He kicked back and took another sip of beer. Shaun Braden, of all people.
“It’s been a while, Kris. Hated to call you about this, but I think you should know that Anna and I are through.” He sounded sad. Shaun Braden really was a good guy, he just got mixed up with Anna. No one deserved that.
Great, he thought. This is not what he wanted to hear. At least while Anna was with Shaun, she wasn’t bothering him. “Sorry about that bud. Can’t say I didn’t see that coming.” Not surprising news. Rumor was that after Shaun got hurt, he’d proposed many times to Anna, and she turned each one down.
“Yeah, I know. Well anyway, she took off with Nico. Last I heard, he was with a nanny somewhere here in Montreal, and she may be headed to Pittsburgh.” Kris was wondering what she would want in Pittsburgh. Oh, right. “Apparently she left as soon as I had her served with the papers.”
“Papers?”
“Yeah, I’m trying to get custody of my son. I’m home all the time, and if my symptoms get too bad I can afford a live-in nanny or whatever I need to take care of him. Anna is the same as she always was. Now, instead of mysterious trips to Pittsburgh, she takes mysterious trips to Boston. I guarantee she’s messing around with Rancy. Once she gets her claws into him, that kid will never know what hit him.”
Kris shook his head. Same old Anna. He had heard the rumors about her and J.R. Rancy. “Neither will his bank account. So you’re trying to find out where Nico is?”
“No, my legal team can do that. I’m going to get him back, whether she likes it or not. But I wanted to warn you. Watch yourself. Seeing as she’s in Pittsburgh, that doesn’t sound good for you. Unless of course the Renegades have some new young hunk on the team with a big bank account.”
Kris laughed, knowing Anna ran after money, and the younger the guy the better.
“Okay, well, thanks for the heads up, Shaun. I hope things work out for you.” No, there was no new up and coming young star on the team; she had better not be here for him. Kris let out a long sigh. Oh yeah, what if that was what all the phone calls from Anna were about?
“Keep in touch, brother,” Braden said, before ending the call.
Just then, his doorbell rang.
A huge smile crept across his face once he saw Kat standing there. “Well hey, beautiful! What a sight for sore eyes! C’mon in.” She was all bundled up, wearing jeans that hugged her body nicely, an oversized sweater, and black gloves, along with black ankle boots. This girl always looked like she stepped out of a fashion magazine.
“Hey there! I hope it’s okay that I stopped by?” she asked nervously.
“Of course it is! Were you out this way?” He hoped she hadn’t made a special trip out here just to see him. But then again, he could make it worth her while.
“I was covering the college hockey tournament on Neville’s Island. I figured I was halfway here; I might as well stop by.”
“Lucky for me.” He smiled as he pulled her into his arms. “Lucky for me,” he mumbled again. She smelled like vanilla. He was really starting to get hooked on that scent. “Well come on in, are you hungry?”
“Maybe a little.” Kat followed him down into the living room.
Grabbing her in his arms, his lips brushed against hers. “I missed you,” he whispered in her ear. He missed her scent, he missed her soft skin, he missed holding her in his arms. He sighed as he held her warm body against his. He was falling for her, falling hard.
“I missed you too.” She nuzzled her face into his shoulder.
“Beautiful, you need to send me some photos of you for road trips like that,” he said with a chuckle. “That was way too long a break without being able to look into those stunning blue eyes.” He smiled, then placed a small kiss on her lips. “So, how about I order us a pizza?”
“Ooh, I do love pizza.” Her face quickly dropped, and he heard her mumble something under her breath.
“I was thinking a white pizza with broccoli and mushrooms?” He saw the smile leave her face and did his best to backpedal. “What’s up? We don’t have to get pizza if you don’t want.”
“Well, that actually sounds really good.” Kat said. Her stomach growled loud enough for him to hear it. “But I just started this diet, and—”
“Diet? Really?” Kris said as he slid his hands on her hips, feeling her frame shaking in his grasp. This girl was insane with her diet. There was nothing wrong with her, certainly no need for a diet. “Beautiful, I’ve seen what’s underneath that sweater, and I love every inch of it. There is no need for a diet.”
He had her locked in his stare, his eyes dark and serious. He pressed his hips into hers, showing her the truth to what he said. He hoped she could feel the bulge in his pants grow as he pressed closer.
“So, you can stay for a while?” He nibbled at her lips before she could answer. She only nodded but that was enough. “Good.” Pulling away, he grabbed his cell phone. “Let me order the pizza.”
Seeing he had another missed call from Anna, his expression fell. This was getting old quick. Taking Kat’s face in his hands he smiled against her lips. “I’ll be right back.”
He heard her sigh. Obviously she’d seen Anna’s name.
After ordering the pizza, he turned to say something to her, and then stopped mid breath. Before he could utter a word, she slipped off her sweater, revealing a black, form fitting Renegades V-neck top.
She looked up and caught him staring, then grabbed for her sweater, trying to quickly cover up. 
“Wow,” he said, his eyes locked on her form fitting tee. The way the fabric hugged her body, the shirt made her already perfect breasts stand out even more. He gulped, trying to regain his composure before he continued to speak. “Yeah, so they said twenty minutes. I’m sure we can find something to keep us occupied until then.” He flashed her sexy a smile.
Her face turned a deep shade of red as she brushed her hair behind her ear.
“And by the way,” he added, pulling her to him. “You look amazing.” His mouth was watering just being so close to her.
“Oh.” She shyly tried to hide her face. “Thanks.”
He ran his hands down to her ass, making sure to give it a squeeze while he was there before pulling her to the couch. His hard body moved on top of her. Starting at her collarbone, he placed small kisses along her skin until he got to her lips.
Pushing his tongue inside her slightly parted lips, he played and twisted with hers. His hand slid under her shirt and his fingers caressed her soft, bare skin, making his way to her cotton covered breast. She gave a little gasp when his finger ran over her nipple, teasing her through the fabric.
A quiet moan rumbled from the back of her throat as his lips moved down her neck, leaving her mouth swollen from the force of his kisses. His lips met her stomach, and he kissed his way down her soft skin.
Ding-Dong! Ding-Dong!
Kris let out a ragged breath. “Dammit, must be dinner.” He reluctantly pulled himself away from Kat to answer the door, unhappy with the delivery person’s timing.
Kat helped him by taking the pizza into the kitchen while he paid the delivery guy. He was on his way back to the kitchen when the doorbell rang again.
“What did I forget?” He asked out loud.
Opening the door he was surprised to see Anna standing on his porch.
CHAPTER 10

Before he could react, Anna pushed her way inside.
“What? You never answer your phone?” She spat without even a hello.
“Kris?” Kat stopped dead in her tracks as she laid eyes on Anna. 
Kris’s face burned. What the hell was she doing here? After talking to Shaun, he half-expected her, but not on his doorstep. He huffed and let out a growl. “Anna, what are you doing here?”
“I’m back.” She smiled at Kris, pausing with her arms open wide, waiting for him to take her in his arms. Kat emerged from the hallway, her eyes narrowed, and her lips puckered.  Beside him, Anna tossed her long strawberry blonde hair over her shoulder with a huff. “Who”—she pointed at Kat—“is this?”
Kris walked towards Kat. Sliding his arm around her waist he pulled her close. “This is Kat.” Without giving it much thought he added, “My girlfriend.”
Kat’s head whipped around as he said the words. Shit. That’s not really how he wanted this to go.
Anna smirked, and then laughed at Kat. “Looks like that’s news to her.”
Kris was annoyed with her already and couldn’t help himself. “Oh trust me, after the other night, she knew.” Leaning over he placed a gentle peck on Kat’s cheek and flashed her a smile.
Anna huffed, stuck her nose into the air, and sniffed. “Do I smell pizza?”
“Yeah, we’re about to eat dinner, so if you will just leave—” Kris tried pushing her towards the door, to no avail.
“Pizza? Really, Kris?” Anna gestured to Kat. “Obviously she eats pizza. But you need to watch what you eat; you can’t put all of that fat into your body.”
He pulled Kat closer as she mumbled, “Bitch.”
“Anna, let me get this straight. You left your little boy with a nanny in Montreal, just to come here to tell me how to eat? And insult my girlfriend?” Kris asked.
“I came back to remind you.” Anna corrected him. “You know we were good together. The sexiest hockey player and girlfriend pair around. We were a power couple. I came back for us.”
“Well, sorry to disappoint, but there is no us. And I hear you no longer have your hand in Shaun’s wallet, either?”
Looking Kat over again, Anna spit more venom and said, “At least Nico’s nanny has more style than she does.” She pointed at Kat. “What? Which bargain store did that outfit come from?” She cackled an evil laugh.
“Anna, get out.” Kris said calmly, as he felt Kat tense up. Anna opened her mouth to speak, but Kris cut her off. “Get out.”
Anna’s designer heels clicked on the tile. “This isn’t over,” she managed to say, before Kris shut the door and locked it behind her.
“She is a piece of work. Holy shit.” He shook his head. “Kat—”
Kat’s face clouded with confusion and her eyes had filled with unshed tears. She looked as though she was trying not to cry, and he was afraid Anna’s nasty comments got to her. He knew she wasn’t comfortable with her figure, even though it was a damn amazing figure, and Anna’s comments had to have hurt.
“Kat, c’mon. I’ll get us a beer.” Taking her hand, he pulled her to the kitchen. The aroma of the cheese wafted over him. His stomach growled and his mouth watered.
Damn Anna for making Kat feel bad. He pulled out a stool for Kat at the nook and opened the refrigerator to get the beer. Popping open the bottles, he handed her one.
He caught her pulling at her shirt, trying to loosen it around her middle.
Kris sat down beside her, frowning. Opening the pizza box, he plated a piece for each of them. “First of all, Anna is a bitch.” She lifted one corner of her mouth and shrugged.
“No really. She’s a bitch. She’s always been one.” He took a bite. “Mmm, that’s good. Go ahead, try it.” He motioned for her to take a bite of her pizza.
Nibbling on her pizza, she pulled at the stringy cheese and nodded.
“Told you.” He smiled. “So tell me what makes Kat tick.”
She covered her mouth to finish chewing before she said anything. “What do you mean?”
“Tell me about you.” He flashed her a panty dropping smile. “For starters, you said you love pizza, so why are you so self-conscious about enjoying it? You’re beautiful. I think I’m qualified to say that there is nothing you have to be ashamed of.”
Kat put her pizza down. “I am no Anna.” She shrugged. Her face reddened like she regretted the words as soon as she said them.
“No, you are certainly no Anna, and that’s what I adore about you. You’re as sweet as you are sexy. Anna doesn’t have a sweet bone in her body.” He chuckled. “That poor kid of hers.” He reached over to stroke Kat’s cheek. “C’mon, help me eat this pizza. Coach won’t be happy if you make me eat the whole thing.” Finally, a smile.
“It’s not just Anna,” she said in a tiny voice.
“What’s not just Anna? Tell me about Kat. I’m listening.” He started to eat another slice.
“I love junk food, pizza, burgers, and pastries.”
“Oh, really? You prefer junk food over salads and stuff?” He grinned at her, making the color of her face as red as the pizza sauce.
“Well, kinda… Yes. Is that bad? I know, I shouldn’t eat that stuff, but I love it.”
“No, not at all. It’s just that I don’t really do junk food. Only once in a while. I’ve always liked healthier foods. The guys like to harass me about it.” She started to look a little worried, so he smiled and continued. “That doesn’t mean you can’t like it.”
“So, yeah, I like my junk food, always have. I also enjoy going to the gym and I’ve been the same weight for years. But that’s what’s bothering me.” She swallowed hard, pausing for moment as she picked the mushrooms off her pizza and ate them. His brown eyes were fixated on her, hanging on her every word. Taking a heavy breath, she continued. “I’m not as thin as my sister. I can literally hear my parents in my head, saying that I shouldn’t be eating this pizza. I should be on a diet. Then Anna rudely refers to me as a fatty, saying I obviously like pizza. Who says things like that? So I find myself here with you, wondering why you are even interested in me?” Kat looked down at her curves, an unimpressed look on her face.
Kris braced his hand under her hair because he wanted to kiss her deeply without her pulling away. “Stay with me, and I’ll show you why. Please stay.” She gave him one sweet little smile, and then hungrily he came down on her lips. Softly sliding his tongue right into her mouth as a moan slipped from her.
He wanted her. His body throbbed; he needed to be inside her. This couldn’t wait another second. “I want to take you upstairs.” He lowered his voice and it came out husky and sexy. She responded with a blush, which he took as a yes. Closing up the pizza box he quickly slid it into the refrigerator. Then turning his attention back to Kat, he pulled her to her feet and kissed her lips, parting them with his tongue, and exploring her warm mouth.
Grabbing her thighs, he pulled her into his hips, his hard-on pushing eagerly against his blue jeans. As Kat hooked her arms around his neck, she accidentally knocked his baseball cap to the floor. His dark hair flopped into his eyes; she whisked it back behind his ear. A shiver ran through his body as she ran her hands through his hair.
“Let’s go,” he whispered as he carried her up to his bedroom.
He sat on the edge of the bed with her straddling him. Running his hands up her body, he lifted off her shirt. He cupped her cotton covered breasts in his hands and ran his tongue along her lacy bra. Reaching round her, in one motion he unhooked her bra tossing it aside. He slid her jeans down around her knees, until she moved and kicked them to the floor, exposing her matching panties.
She undid his jeans, releasing his swollen length into her grasp; she ran her hand up and down the hard, hot flesh. He arched his head back in pleasure at her touch.
Kat pulled his shirt off and threw it to the floor. She held on to him as he leaned down and took her breast in his mouth, gasping as he grabbed at her hard nipple with his teeth. He pushed against her damp panties and she moaned loudly. He needed a condom, now. Reaching into the night stand he pulled out a foil packet, ripped it open and hastily slipped it on.
Sliding off her panties, he flung them aside. He grabbed her ass, holding her against him as he thrust hard into her.
Kat let out a gasp, pushing her body rigid against his. When she threw her head back in pleasure, he grabbed her breast in his mouth again, making her cry out.
Kris was biting his lip, trying to hold back.
“Oh, make me…” she said, breathlessly.
He knew what she wanted and had no problem obliging. Holding her ass tight so he could be as deep inside her as possible, he dug his fingertips into her skin until finally he spilled into her. She moaned wildly as her climax matched his. Falling back onto the bed, she curled up beside him.
Trying to catch his breath, he huffed. “Wow…” Still in disbelief at how intense that had been, he wiped the sweat from his face.
“Yeah, wow…” She agreed softly, laying her head on his chest and snuggling in close.
CHAPTER 11

Kat had watched the television as the Renegades played against Boston. Her curiosity had gotten the worst of her, and she’d pulled out her laptop to Google Anna Jourdain. Yes, again.
Immediately she was hit with an image of Anna at Boston Gardens.
“What the hell?” she yelled. She’s in Boston, with the Renegades. Kat’s heart plummeted. No wonder she hadn’t heard from Kris since he left Pittsburgh. She wasn’t as pretty or as perfect as Anna. Tears welled up in her eyes. She’d always known this would happen.
Unable to stop herself, she searched Twitter, only to find another tweet from Anna. Spending the night with the sexiest hockey player I know.
The blood drained from Kat’s face, and she felt as though her heart had stopped beating. She shut off the television, turned off all her lights and moped to bed. With an ache in her heart, she switched off her cell phone. Kris told her he’d be calling after the game, and she didn’t feel like talking to him right now. Or, maybe he won’t call. He might be too busy with Anna. Could she really blame him? The thought of him with Anna sent a new stab of pain through her.
What a fool she’d been to think she could have any kind of future with Kris. She could never live up to Anna’s physical perfection. And that’s what guys wanted, wasn’t it? A gorgeous, sexy woman in designer outfits on their arm, not some chunky girl who buys clothes off the rack.
She desperately tried to sleep, but slumber eluded her. She tossed and turned as her mind raced the whole night, continually throwing up thoughts of Kris and Anna in each other’s arms, kissing… in bed together.
The next day she woke up exhausted. She didn’t turn her phone back on as she got ready to head out to Delmont for a figure skating championship. She had work to do, and she couldn’t deal with the inevitable heartbreak if Kris messaged her to say he’d changed his mind about Anna. 
Kat’s heart was already cracked. It wouldn’t take much more to break it apart. 
Today’s assignment wasn’t hockey, but after last night, she was okay with the distraction. As she stepped into the arena, the cold felt good for once. Her body chilled, and she let out a sharp breath. She was exhausted, but the bitterly cold air helped to keep her awake.
She loved watching the figure skaters, graceful and yet so powerful. It was a fun assignment, and even though her hot coffee had long ago turned cold, she was enjoying herself. Wrapped up in her big oversized sweater, gloves and a knit scarf, she was doing her best to stay warm.
“Kat, you okay?” Kenny asked her. Kenny was the photographer the paper had sent out with her today. Occasionally he worked with her at the pee-wee hockey tournaments too.
“I’m fine, Kenny. Had a bad night—bad night’s sleep, I mean.” She smiled at him and turned her attention back to the ice. The last competitor had just started her routine. It had been a very long morning. Looking at the arena clock, she realized it was almost two in the afternoon; no wonder her stomach was growling.
The crowd began to applaud as the last skater exited the ice. Kat let out a sigh of relief. She was starving and wished she would’ve had more than that stupid diet shake this morning. What was she thinking? Oh yeah, that she needed to get skinny if she ever had a chance in hell of keeping a guy like Kris.
Walking out to the parking lot, she stretched. Her muscles were tired and achy from being in the cold rink all day. The sun shone through the clouds, and the ground was covered in two inches of snow. She hated winter. She missed summertime already, and she still probably had two months of this left. It obviously snowed while she was inside, so she had to clean it off her car. Looking at her feet now buried in the icy stuff, she was glad she wore her winter boots instead of anything that was fashionable today.
Kenny had waved and pulled out of the parking lot as she finished clearing her car off. “Must be nice to have an automatic starter,” she mumbled to herself. Finally she got into the car and started the engine; it sounded rough. But then again, it never sounded that great to begin with. The car hated the bitterly cold temperature as much as she did. She sat in the driver’s seat, rubbing her gloved hands together while she willed the car to warm up.
The already broken heater was not cooperating at all. Finally, she just put the car into gear and pulled out onto the highway towards home.
She had her sights set on taking a nice hot bath and relaxing with a good book and maybe a glass or a bottle of wine. But not before she stopped at McDonalds and got—no, she couldn’t stop at McDonalds; she was on a diet. Maybe she would stop at that new soup place, Noodles. That couldn’t be too bad for you.
But as she pulled up to the first light off of the highway, the car made a funny sputtering noise. She put it in neutral while she sat at the light. When the light turned green, she popped it back into drive and before she could hit the gas, the car stalled.
“Damn it!” she cursed. “Don’t do this…” There was a line of traffic behind her. They were yelling and honking at her. She restarted the car and thankfully it turned over. Relieved, she put it in drive and pulled away. She slowly made it to the next intersection, but not before it turned red. She pressed the brake; again, the car started to shake. Really? Kat felt the car shudder, like it wanted to stall.
“C’mon you piece of shit… don’t do this to me today… please,” she begged as the engine went silent. 
She turned the key off, then tried to start the car again. Nothing. She gave it a minute, then tried again. Nope. The car was not going to turn back on. There was no sound of it even attempting to turn over, just silence when she tried turning the key.
She glanced in her rear-view mirror at the line of traffic behind her.
“Shit…” This was the last thing she needed today. She put on her flashers and sunk down in her seat. Tears filled her eyes. With a sigh, she pulled out her cell phone and called her car club.
“We’ll have a tow truck there in about a half hour. Open your hood so we can find you.” The operator told her. Really? You can find me? I will be the one pissing all the other drivers off because I am broken-down at the light during rush hour!
She had no idea what was wrong with her car this time. It would need to be towed to an auto body shop. She had so many things going through her mind that it made her dizzy. How would she get to work? How was she going to get this fixed? She groaned at the thought of how much it would cost to fix, and how many different credit cards she would have to put it on. She wasn’t sure if she even had enough available to do that.
She watched in her rear-view mirror as cars screeched to a halt behind her, one barely missing her bumper. Didn’t they see her sitting here with her flashers on? What did they think she was doing? She really didn’t need this mess today. She really didn’t need to get hit either. Pay attention to where you are driving, idiots!
After about fifteen minutes of irate drivers passing her, cursing her out and flipping her off, finally a tow truck showed up. Kat wiped her eyes, surprised to see it was a woman. She was in dirty overalls, with grease smudges on her face, but none the less, a woman. She got the car hooked up to her truck, and asked Kat where she wanted it towed to.
“Billy’s auto body shop on Maple Street.”
“Hop in. I’ll give you a ride there, then you can call someone to pick you up.”
Kat crawled up into the truck. It didn’t take long to get to Billy’s. Kat’s family used this mechanic often, and she’d known Bob since she was young.
They pulled the car to the front, and Kat went into the office. Bob was standing at the counter munching on a doughnut. His hands and face were smeared with grease, and his overalls stained. “Well hey there, Kat darlin’! What brings you in?”
“A tow truck,” she sighed. “My piece of shit is out there on the flatbed. Dead. Do you think you can look at it later? See if it can be salvaged?” Her face was streaked with dried tears.
“I’ll look at it next.” He offered her a doughnut, but she just shook her head. “Okay. Is your Dad coming to pick you up then?”
Kat thought for a minute. No, her parents were still in Florida. She picked up her phone to call Gia to come get her, but then realized Gia worked two to midnight today. This day was just getting worse.
There was no way she could call a cab; she was so far away from home the cab would cost a fortune. Closing her eyes, she calculated what was left in her bank account; she needed every last cent to pay to get this car fixed, so a cab was out. She dialed Kenny; he couldn’t be that far away yet. But the call went right to voicemail. Either his phone was off or the battery had died.
Maybe that girl who lived down the hall could come get her? They talked when they met at the mail boxes and had fun conversations in the laundry room. Slowly she dialed her number, but after a few rings it went right to voicemail as well. She was running out of options. Maybe I could try that girl, Kay, from work? Scrolling through her phone, she found she didn’t even have her number. Desperate, she racked her brain. Who else could she call? She sighed when she realized there was only one person left she could call.

****

Kris had been trying to call Kat since he left the arena. Sitting in his hotel room, he wondered why she wasn’t answering her phone. She knew he was going to call. Maybe she fell asleep early? Finally settling in for bed, he decided to try her in the morning; after all, he had already left a message on her voicemail. Well, maybe three messages.
He tossed and turned all night. Something wasn’t right; he could just feel it. Finally his alarm went off. He rubbed his eyes and stretched his aching back, whining. He felt like he hadn’t slept at all. His mind had raced all night and wouldn’t let him sleep. Plus, this hotel bed was awful.
He growled as he went to the coffee maker in his room, and found it was empty. Mumbling and irritated already, he got dressed. He wasn’t in the mood for the dress code today, a suit. He ran his fingers through his unbrushed hair and tossed an oversized knit beanie over it. He looked at his cell phone. Still nothing. Where was she? It was early. The guys were to meet in the lobby at eight to fly back home. In fact, he was an hour early. Doing one last check in his room to make sure he hadn’t forgotten anything, he carried his luggage to the lobby.
Tyler Kidd was already there. “Hey, Ty,” Kris called. “Is there somewhere I can get coffee around here?”
“Yeah.” Tyler pointed to the small cafe off of the lobby. “Over here. C’mon, I’ll join you. Seems as if they forgot to put coffee in my room,” he complained.
“Mine too,” Kris growled. He’d tried to text Kat this morning again, asking why she didn’t answer his calls, and still nothing. Did he do something to make her mad? Shaking his head, he followed Tyler into the cafe, and ordered a French vanilla espresso. The vanilla aroma reminded him of Kat.
Dammit! He had it bad for this girl. Why was she blowing him off all of the sudden? He was under the impression everything was great before he left.
“Dude, you okay?” Tyler asked as he sipped his own hot coffee.
“Nah, I didn’t sleep well.” He rubbed at his eye, then ran his thumb along his jaw line. His teammates knew him well enough to know his nervous habits. There was no hiding his distress from any of them.
Tyler looked at him oddly.
“Okay, yeah. Don’t look at me like that.” He knew Tyler suspected something was wrong. He hadn’t shaved today and his face was more scruffy than normal.
“Kat? Or Anna?” Tyler asked.
“Kat. I can’t get hold of her. I don’t know why. She knew I’d be calling after the game last night. But she isn’t answering my calls.” He sat back and let out a heavy breath, then took a long sip of the hot liquid, taking in the vanilla aroma.
“Um, I found this on twitter last night.” Tyler handed his phone to Kris. It was a tweet of Anna at the Garden. She didn’t have a jersey on, just a tank top with her boobs on display for the world to see, as usual. All her tweet said was, ‘Renegades vs. Bruins tonight—I’m one lucky girl.’
“Where did you see this?” he asked.
“I saw it retweeted on Rancy’s timeline after the game. But it was on Anna’s during the game. Did you see her there?”
“No, I didn’t even know she was there. Must’ve been there with him.” J.R. Rancy’s pockets were deeper than Braden’s, and Kris knew that was what Anna was after. He frowned. “Wait…”
“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. I wonder if Kat saw that? No way to really decipher in the tweet if she is all team Lafleur or team Rancy.” Tyler said exactly what Kris was thinking.
Kris shook his head. He wanted to toss his coffee across the room. Anna was messing with him. What’s worse, she was messing with Kat too. What the hell was wrong with that girl? Why couldn’t she just let him be? She could’ve just as easily tweeted that she was there with her boy-toy, but she left that out.
The team started filing into the lobby one by one. Kris struggled to get himself together. He needed to set Anna straight, but it wasn’t going to happen right now.
“Guys! The buses are here. Let’s go!” Coach Walker called.
Kris sent Kat another text once he was seated on the bus. We need to talk.
She surprised him with a response immediately. Too bad it was a disappointing one. No, we don’t.
What the hell, Kat? He thought as he let out a heavy breath of frustration. He knew she must’ve seen that tweet; it was the only explanation for her abrupt change of attitude.
I’ll be home after practice, I’ll call you tonight. He refused to give up so easily.
He guessed she was doubting him, and he wasn’t even sure she’d agree to see him. But he was prepared to convince her he hadn’t seen Anna in Boston. He wasn’t expecting it when late in the afternoon his phone rang, and Kat’s name was on the screen.
CHAPTER 12

She sat silent as the Jeep pulled out of Billy’s auto shop parking lot. She was thankful she was warm finally, but didn’t even know what to say to Kris. The aroma from the dinner he’d picked up for them teased her senses. Her stomach growled loudly, breaking the silence.
“Hungry?” Kris asked with a grin. He must’ve heard her stomach.
“Yeah.” She sat looking out the window, watching the snow as they drove along the backroads. Farms lined the road, with not much to look at. Concentrating on the white rolling hills and snow piles along the road was easier than figuring out something to say to him. Last night the decision seemed so easy. Just stop talking to him and he could go be with Anna, or whatever super model came next. 
But he didn’t seem to be going anywhere, and that confused her. Had he spent the night with Anna? Was he just waiting for the right moment to break things off with Kat? Is that why he’d agreed to help? She hated the fact that she even needed his help.
“Can I come in and eat dinner? Or do I have to eat in my car before I head back home?” Kris jokingly asked, as he pulled into her apartment parking lot. She assumed he was trying to make eye contact with her, but she just stared out the window.
She didn’t want him to come in. But after asking him to drive all the way out here to rescue her, it was rude not to at least invite him in. After all, he even bought dinner.
“No, come in,” she said sadly, without looking at him. She stepped out of the Jeep, not wanting him to see that she’d been crying. She kept her gaze low as they entered the elevator and walked ahead of him down the hall to her apartment.
After unlocking her door, she left it wide open for him and tossed her keys into the tray behind the door. She hurried to the kitchen and grabbed a napkin. She tried to wipe away the tears, hoping her eyes weren’t too puffy. She poured herself a glass of wine and called to Kris, “Do you want a beer?”
“No thanks, just water.”
She grabbed a bottle of water, her glass and the bottle of wine, and headed back out to the living room. Kris had made himself at home on the couch. She watched him for a second before she left the kitchen. He was looking at his hands, then messing with his hair. He rubbed at the scruff on his face before looking back down at his hands. She felt bad. He was either acting really guilty, or he was nervous because he had no idea why she was pushing him away. He had no idea it was for his own good.
He looked up at her as she reached the couch. She handed him his water. He stood up to meet her gaze, but she sat down and opened the bag, pulling out two mouthwatering steak salads. She looked in the bag to see there was also an order of fries. The aroma filled her nose, but she didn’t take one. She folded the bag shut and handed Kris a fork.
“You don’t want the fries?” he asked, his eyebrows raised in surprise.
“No, I can’t—” She grinded her teeth. Those fries smelled amazing and she was starving. Day one of this stupid diet was not going well.
“Kat, look at me,” Kris interrupted her.
This was silly. She felt childish playing this game, moping and giving him the silent treatment. This wasn’t her. She dug into her salad. It was really good but would’ve been even better with some of those fries. Against her better judgment she opened the bag, poured half of the fries onto her salad, and dipped them in the ranch as she ate. This was honestly the best freaking steak salad she had ever tasted.
They sat in silence for a good half hour as they ate. Kat had already been through two glasses of wine and was working on her third when Kris grabbed the glass, setting it back onto the table.
“Look, we need to talk.” He tipped her chin up towards him. Her eyes were still red. She saw his face fall once he realized that she had been crying, and the pain stabbed into her heart again.
“I saw it, Kris. I saw her posts on Twitter. So don’t worry, you don’t have to say anything. I already know.” She let out a strained laugh. “I never figured I was your type anyway.” She pulled away from him, stuffed a few French fries into her mouth, and spoke with her mouth full. “Don’t really need to diet now. Doesn’t matter.” A single tear rolled down her cheek as she spoke. Could she have been more of a fatty than at that very moment? Ugh!
Kris wiped her tear away with his thumb. “Kat, you don’t understand. Tyler showed me the posts this morning. I didn’t even know she was at the Garden last night.” He paused, lifting her chin so she had to look at him. “I swear. But I can tell you who she was there with, and it wasn’t me.” She blinked as tiny flicker of hope came to life inside her. She wasn’t sure whether to believe him or not, but he continued. “Why don’t you look up J.R. Rancy? Trust me, please?”
She stared at him for a moment and his serious eyes held hers. She grabbed her phone. What he was talking about? Curious, she got on Twitter and looked up J.R. Rancy. She saw Anna’s posts from the game. J.R. had retweeted it with the hash-tag #MyPuckBunny, as well as a photo of him looking very drunk with her. “So, are you trying to tell me she’s with him, now?”
“That’s why she was in Boston.” Kris nodded.
Kat sat back on the couch, relief flooded her face. “Okay,” she nodded. “But why did she come to see you? All that talk about you and her?”
“My guess is she thought she could have me as her backup plan, if things didn’t work out with Rancy.” He gently stroked her cheek. “Nothing in this world would make me want to get back with her.”
Kat pulled back and took a deep breath. “But that doesn’t change the fact that I’m still not your type. You might not want Anna, but I’m sure there is a super model out there with your name all over her.”
She hated even the thought of that. She wanted him for herself, but she knew it would never work out. Taking a hard breath, she sat back against the couch. He wasn’t making this very easy. Sitting there all sexy and perfect.
Kris let out a frustrated breath. “Look, what is it going to take to get you to believe me? That I want you?” He rubbed his chin and his dark eyes looked sad as he stared at her. “Kat, I don’t give up easy, but we can’t do this, you not talk to me or answer my calls, every time you feel insecure. So what’s it gonna take?”
She shook her head, reminded of the day she’d just had. “Well, hell. I need a car or a miracle right now, probably both.” She joked. She had no idea how she was going to pay for the car repairs, and it would take a miracle for her to afford a new car. The money just wasn’t there. Luckily she could work from home for a day or two while she figured everything out.
She snapped out of her thoughts and looked up to see Kris watching her. Damn, she really didn’t want to let him go.
Kris leaned over, his dark eyes locked on hers, cupping her cheek in his hand. “Kat.” He gently kissed her lips.
Giving into him she kissed him longingly. “I don’t want to let you go.” She whined as they parted.
“I already told you, I’m not going anywhere.”
CHAPTER 13

Kris shifted anxiously on the airplane headed home from Long Island. His hip ached after being shoved into the boards, but it was just bruised. He couldn’t wait to get home to Kat; it had been a long week. It would’ve been an even longer one if he hadn’t been able to talk to her. It still amazed him that she thought he wouldn’t want to be with her. He thought he’d proved that already but wasn’t opposed to doing more. It was a tough three game road trip.
Tyler sat behind him, snoring away. Matt was sitting next to him, reading.
“What’s up?” Matt asked.
Kris was holding his cell phone and looking at a photo of Kat on it.
“Nothing.” Kris turned off his phone. She’d had finally sent him a picture of herself and he couldn’t stop looking at her blue eyes. He sighed as he slid the phone into his jacket pocket.
“I saw that, bro. So what’s the deal with you and Kat? You guys have only been together a few weeks, right? You haven’t been yourself lately, dude. I mean that in a good way. Hell, I’m not too used to this happy Kris.” Matt teased.
“I don’t know, dude. Honestly, this sounds dumb,” Kris shook his head. At the risk of sounding like a lovesick teenager he said it anyway. “I’ve never felt like this before.”
“Bro, you got it bad.” Matt chuckled. “You sure you’ve never felt like this before?” He kept laughing.
“What the hell, dude? You find this funny?” Kris shook his head and laughed a little. “You know, Matt, I really think she might be… the one,” he said seriously. “I just have to convince her of that.” Yeah, that was not going to be easy.
“Dude, I thought you would’ve learned your lesson by now.” He nudged Kris with his elbow.
“What the hell are you talking about?” He hadn’t even introduced Kat to Matt yet. He didn’t appreciate his tone very much right now.
“Seriously? You don’t see any similarities here?”
“No.” Kris stared at his friend, a frown creasing his forehead. “I have no idea what you mean.”
“Well, I remember a time when you used to think Anna was ‘the one’. You used to get the same dumb look on your face when she sent you messages too.”
Kris clenched his jaw. “I meant it when I said I never felt like this before.” He took a deep breath and let it out with force. “The way I feel about Kat is nothing like how it was with Anna.”
Matt smirked. “Yeah, right. Whatever you say, bro. I’ll bet Kat is nothing like Anna.”
“She’s not.” Kris bit out. “Just wait until you meet her, then you’ll see. Kat’s beautiful, she’s—”
“Yeah, right. I’m not blind. I’ve seen her from a distance, so I know they don’t look the same.” Matt chuckled. “But I’m wondering if maybe you’re blind to other things, Kris.”
Kris gripped the seat with his hands, because if he didn’t, he wasn’t sure he could stop from hitting his friend. What did he know about Kat anyway? He’d seen them together a few times but never formally met her, so who was he to judge? “Whatever it is you’re trying to say, why don’t you just say it?”
Matt’s smile slipped away and his face became serious. “I just think that after everything that happened with Anna, you’d want to be more careful this time round.”
“This isn’t the same situation.”
“Look. Anna took you for a ride, in more ways than one. All she wanted was your cash. And she screwed around on you when it looked like she could get a better deal elsewhere. You can’t deny that.”
Kris felt heat begin to boil in his stomach. “I’m not denying that. But Kat—”
“Kat’s different?” Matt rolled his eyes. “You expect me to believe this girl being into you has nothing to do with your money? She just likes you for your conversational skills?”
Kris rubbed his forehead. “Matt… I appreciate your concern. But honestly, Kat’s not like that. She’s sweet, she’s innocent and down to Earth. She doesn’t care about money.”
“Listen, man. If I’ve learned one thing about women since joining the Renegades, it’s that they love the money. Just do yourself a favor, okay?”
Kris sighed, knowing Matt wasn’t going to give up easily. “What?”
“Just make sure you can trust her before you get in too deep.”
Kris laughed. “And how would I do that?”
Matt frowned. “You say she doesn’t care about the money. So test her. See for yourself if she really doesn’t care. Offer to buy her stuff, let her have your credit card. If she’s really not into the money, she won’t want any of it.”
The muscle ticked in Kris’s jaw again. “I don’t need to do that to know about Kat. She’s genuine.” He looked at Matt and saw something in his eyes, but it was gone a second later. “Anyway, why are you so cynical all of a sudden?”
Matt folded his arms across his chest and looked away. “Just try it. Then tell me your precious Kat is still an angel.”
“Who’s an angel?” A voice came from behind them. They turned to see Tyler shake the sleep from his head. He gazed at them through sleepy eyes. “You guys talking about me again?”
“Yeah,” Matt laughed. “Go back to sleep, angel.” He stood and put his hand on Kris’s shoulder. “Just make sure, that’s all I’m saying.” He walked toward the bathroom, leaving Kris fuming.
“What was that about?” asked Tyler, now sitting up. “Sounded serious.”
“Nothing. Just Matt trying to convince me that Kat is no different than Anna.”
“What? Is he serious?”
“Unfortunately, yes. He has no idea how wrong he is. Kat’s different than Anna in almost every way. I just wish she knew how perfect that makes her.” That was going to be a challenge. He needed to convince Kat that she was exactly what he wanted. They hadn’t been together that long, and he hadn’t seen her much since the Boston trip. Tomorrow he had a busy day with practice, team meetings, and an evening game against Boston. He’d offered Kat a ticket, but the possibility of running into Anna kept her from accepting. He couldn’t really blame her.

****

Munching on her popcorn, Kat watched the game intently. The Renegades were beating Boston 3–1 in the second period. She had kept busy the last few days, editing her articles from home. 
She stretched her legs out, then worked the kinks from the muscles in her neck. All the hours bent over the computer were killing her. She was looking forward to getting her car fixed; she needed to get out of this apartment. Sitting at a computer all day was for the birds.
Having Kris gone also gave her a little time to think. She was going to try to change. She had to. Too often she let people put her down. She still didn’t think she was what Kris needed, but she missed him.
On the screen she watched him sprint across the ice, and take a nice shot at the goal. Too bad the puck wasn’t cooperating or that might have gone in. The period ended with Boston still trailing 3–1. 
During the intermission, she quickly took a shower and changed into her night clothes. She was just going to curl up on the couch after the game anyway, so she put on her puck bunny tee and boy shorts panties. She took longer than she expected to and was barely ready by the time the third period started.
Settling in on the couch with a freshly made cup of hot chamomile tea, she set it on the coffee table. Directing her attention back to the television, she watched Kris race to the net with the puck. It was blocked by a Boston player. Before Kris could skate away from the net, he was shoved by the same player. That guy wouldn’t stop going after Kris. Kat couldn’t figure out what had happened. Maybe the guy was just protecting his goalie? She didn’t think Kris had done anything to the goalie; all he’d done was shoot the puck.
Watching the Boston player bark in Kris’s face, she realized it was Rancy. He kept yapping until Kris shoved him with his stick and ended up screaming back at him. The other guys came to both players’ aid, but Rancy shoved Kris again, knocking him off balance and his helmet flew off. His hair was falling in his face and his eyes were locked on Rancy. Then Kris tore off Rancy’s helmet and tossed it to the ice.
Rancy yelled something inaudible at Kris, a cocky smile sliding across his lips. Kris frantically lunged at Rancy, throwing a punch. The two scuffled for a few minutes as the refs watched and held back other players. Unfortunately, in the end Rancy got three good hits in; blood dripped down Kris’s face. His gloves and pads were strewn on the ice along with Rancy’s. The camera showed a shot of Kris, his eyes were in angry slits and he was still barking at Rancy and the refs.
The refs pulled the two men apart, but Kris shook the linesman off of him. The ref led them each towards their individual penalty boxes. As Rancy approached Boston’s box he yelled out something to Kris. Kat was unable to read anyone’s lips, and that was a damn shame, because Kris darted out from the penalty box and caught Rancy right across the jaw with a left hook. Rancy fell backwards and hit the ice, luckily not hitting his head. The refs grabbed Kris and sent him down the tunnel to the locker room.

****

Kris showered and had his lip sewn up. He only needed a few stitches, but it was too deep to let it go. There was a little cut under his eye too, but nothing too bad. Now he was dressed back in his game day suit and tie, sitting in the locker room. His suit jacket still hung in his locker as he watched the rest of the game on the monitor. Shaking his head, he couldn’t fathom why he let Rancy get to him so badly. He should’ve been prepared for the trash talk but instead it just pissed him off.
Rancy had been spewing comments about Anna. “Hey, Lafleur, did you teach her that thing with her tongue? Holy hell, I need to thank you for that, damn!”
Kris didn’t care about Anna, but it still got him riled up because now he was simply angered by Rancy’s ugly ass face. Rancy wasn’t playing fair; it wasn’t hockey, it was a personal attack on him.
The fight itself was legal and would have only sat each man for a five-minute major. But as Kris skated to the penalty box Rancy had yelled to him, “Lafleur! Send your new lady over to me later. I’ll break her in good for you! I’ll be giving that nice fat ass a workout. She’ll taste a real man’s dick. She’ll be begging me for mo—”
That had been the last straw. Kris’s face burned and his blood boiled. He was going to shut Rancy up before he could say one more ignorant word. All self-restraint he had was gone; he hated Rancy to begin with, but that jackass knew talking about Kat was unacceptable. Kris was well aware that leaving the penalty box area and going after that punk was going to get him thrown out of the game, but at that moment he didn’t care.
There was no point barking at the ref on his way off the ice; he knew that he was done for the night.
Shaking his head, he moved his damp hair out of his face and looked at the floor while he listened to the remainder of the game. He winced in pain; his face was throbbing. Boston had just scored. He hoped the Renegades could hold the one goal lead. If they lost because of him, he’d be getting his ass chewed out once the game was over. He knew he deserved it, but he hoped they would just hold on.
CHAPTER 14

Kat was curled up on the couch, reading the romance novel she just bought. A knock at her door startled her. Looking through the peephole she saw Kris standing there. “Kris?” She called out, not expecting to see him tonight. She unlocked the door, forgetting that she was in her night shirt and not much else.
She opened the door to a quiet, stone faced Kris. His usual smile was non-existent. She’d never seen this deadpan look on his face before. “Hey, you okay?” He didn’t look angry, just lost.
She looked him over quickly, assessing him for wounds. His bottom lip was slightly swollen and red on one side. There was dried blood and she could tell there was at least a stitch or two in there. He had a cut under his eye, but that didn’t look too bad. Bruises, where Rancy had worked him over. She softly ran her fingers over his swollen lip. He gently grabbed her hand and pulled her into him, giving her a hello kiss. She moved aside, letting him into her apartment.
As she closed the door behind her she started to say, “I didn’t expect you tonight. I just assumed you’d be busy in your gym about now. I know you like to—” As she turned to face him, he cut her off mid-sentence, slamming his lips to hers with force. 
She surrendered to his kiss, as he forced his tongue into her mouth. Grabbing at the back of her thighs he ran his hands up her legs; pushing up her night shirt, only pausing when he had her buttocks cupped in his hands.
Fire ran through her at his touch. Her body ached for his strong hands. He pinned her along the wall, his hands roaming her body. She closed her eyes and gave in to the heat of his touch, arching her back to bring their bodies closer, a groan forming in her throat.
Kris hadn’t even taken his jacket off yet. He pulled inches away from her lips only long enough to say, “I need you…” The harshness of his whisper tickled her cheek. The deepness of his voice rumbled through her body, making her want him right here and now.
She slid his jacket off; it landed on the floor somewhere. She couldn’t see straight enough to even care where. Her head was spinning, wrapped up in his sudden burst of fiery passion, and she liked it. He unbuttoned his shirt, and slid off his shoes. Then he leaned down and kissed her. He grabbed the back of her neck, as if to hold her so he could kiss her as deeply as possible. He thrust his tongue between her lips.
Kat was mesmerized by his outburst of lust and desire. He lifted her shirt off to reveal her bare breasts, perky and already hard nipples. Leaning down to taste them, he teased them with his tongue, but only for a moment.
She could feel his warm length hard through his boxers. She liked how he felt against her now damp panties. He reached down between her legs and pressed his hand to her warm core sending a wave of pleasure through her body, as he tasted her breast one more time. He moved her panties to the side and felt how wet she was. She let out a groan, clawing at his back. The faint sound of him opening the wrapper teased her ears. He quickly shed his boxers, and tore off her panties. Hiking her body up on to his hips, he pressed her back against the wall. She held onto his strong, muscular arms as his lips trailed up her collar bone.

****

“I need you…God, Kat, I need you…” He mumbled against her warm flesh.
As he moved towards her mouth, she expected him this time and opened hers to meet his tongue and lips. Not being able to wait one more second, he groaned as he buried himself deep in her warm folds. Bracing her body on the wall, he moved deep and hard inside her. She squeezed his biceps, balancing herself against him. Holding her legs tight against his hips, he explored deep inside her hot core.
She was so wet; that it made his cock harden more. He let out a growl of pleasure, as she scraped her nails down his shoulder. Their bodies moved together as he thrust hard inside her. Each time she moaned, and with each moan he wanted to fuck her even harder. With each forceful stroke he showed her how much he needed her, making her scream out in ecstasy.
Quickly, they both surrendered to the pleasure. He spilled hard into her, filling her with his warmth, thrusting her body against the wall. Her body quivered uncontrollably in his arms. He ran his lips along her neck, slid his hands down the curves of her body. His eyes lingered over her moist skin, taking in every sensual curve.
Kat collapsed into his arms, laying her head against his shoulder. Her eyes met his as he smiled. “Hi…” she said, gasping for air.
“Hi.” He laughed a little, dropping her legs to the floor. He picked up her shirt and handed it to her. “I hope I didn’t hurt y—”
Stopping him mid-sentence, she put her finger to his lips and smiled.
“It was a rough night,” he said. He pulled on his boxers, as she grabbed her panties. “I’m sorry to just show up like that, but I just needed to be with you. I couldn’t explain it. Something came over me, I just… I just needed you, Kat…”
“I think I like being the person that you need…” She kissed him.
He took a deep breath. Maybe he was finally getting through to her. Breaking down those walls of doubt that she held on to so tightly. His eyes raked over her body, devouring every delicate inch. She stood there in only her panties, no longer looking uneasy. Her beautiful body was on display for him; he loved it. Why would she think he wouldn’t want her? He couldn’t get enough of her.
A smile crept across his face. “Beautiful, I just want to be close to you tonight. I don’t want to be sitting at home wondering what you are doing or what you are thinking. I want to be with you, holding you.”
“Kris, are you asking if you can stay the night?” She reached up to gently touch his swollen lip, he winced a little. She kissed it gently.
“I am.” Taking her by surprise he lifted her up off the ground.
He kissed her lips as she giggled. Carrying her to the couch then flopping her down, he was thrilled at the sound of her laugh. He slid in beside her and she cuddled against him, running her hand up his bare chest.
“So?” He prompted, since she never really answered if he could stay the night or not.
“I wasn’t planning on letting you leave,” she answered.
Please don’t. Ever. He needed to make his move on this girl and fast.
Kat was still smiling, “Want to go lie down?”
“Yeah.”
She led the way to her bedroom.
“By the way, babe, nice shirt.” He teased her with a grin. “Puck bunny, huh?”
Kat’s face turned bright red.
Kat was so not the description of a puck bunny, far from it. It was a long night and he decided to let the shirt slide for now. He had plenty of time to pick on her about it another day.
He snuggled behind her in bed, holding her tightly to him, and pressing his warm body against hers. He needed to be as close to her as possible tonight.
“Goodnight, beautiful, see you in the morning… my little puck bunny.” He smirked, and she pretended to ignore him. He really enjoyed having her to come home to.
CHAPTER 15

Kat stood at the stove making eggs and toast while Kris made coffee. It was nice to sit down and eat breakfast together on a day that she thought she’d be spending alone. She couldn’t help but smile at him.
“I hope I wasn’t too rough last night.”
“You were just rough enough.” She smirked, then whispered, “And I kinda liked it… Anyway, I’m glad you came over last night. I was worried about you.” His lip was looking better; it wasn’t as swollen. “And I missed you.”
As they ate, she watched him, almost trying to memorize every inch of his face, even his swollen lip. She liked having him here in the morning, liked waking up next to him.
“Hey, Ma belle dame… My beautiful lady.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her from the table. “So, I have a surprise for you.” His eyes slid down her body.
He grabbed his jacket and handed her a winter coat, then led her out to his Jeep. “Here,” he said, tossing her a set of keys.
“What are these for? My car is in the shop.” Certainly he wasn’t giving her a set of keys to his Jeep? Was he?
“Hit the button, you’ll see.”
Shaking her head, still confused and a bit annoyed, she hit the button. What was she looking for? The car remote beeped when she hit the unlock button; lights flashed from the blue car next to the Jeep.
It was a really nice car.
“I talked to Bob about your car. You need a reliable car, a safe, reliable car, Kat. You need one that I don’t have to worry about you driving around in, especially when I’m not here. It was going to cost a crazy amount to fix your car, and it’s just not worth it. Really it wasn’t. And it still wasn’t going to be safe or reliable.”
She was growing irritated; she could feel her face burn. What exactly did he want her to do? She couldn’t afford another car!
“I talked to Bob, and he got me in touch with a guy that will give you cash for it.” Kris paused.
“What?” She just stared at him. What did he just say? “Wait, what?” Shaking her head, she was so confused.
“This”—he pointed to a BOSS 302 Mustang, royal blue with black hood and side stripes—“is your new car.”
“No, you can’t buy me a car!” Her wide eyes filled with tears. She never let anyone do things like this for her, not that anyone had ever offered. She had always been self-sufficient, even if it meant counting her pennies and eating ramen noodles every day. She couldn’t let him do this.
“Too bad. I already did.” Kris smiled. Kat stared at him, trying to read the strange look in his eyes, but it was gone in a flash.
She stood there for a second, not knowing what to say, and then gave in. Bending to the car, she peered in the window. It was gorgeous and she was almost afraid to touch it, still not comprehending that it was hers.
“Go ahead, sit in it.” He urged. 
Apprehensively opening the door, she sat in the driver’s seat. She looked over at him with wide eyes and a smile. This was a dream come true and she wasn’t even sure how to accept it. “Oh my God, Kris, I love it.” A tear rolled down her face. Her heart melted at the realization that he remembered her dream car. The exact car. How could he be willing to spend so much money on me? Did he feel that strongly about me? Warmth flooded her as she wondered, was he falling in love?

****

Kat stood in her apartment, looking out the window at her new car.
“So, I guess you like it?” Kris snuck up quietly behind her, lacing his arms around her waist.
She jumped, slightly startled. “Kris.” She turned to match his glance. “You shouldn’t have. I mean that’s such an extravagant gift. I shouldn’t even accept it.” Seriously, who buys someone a car?
“It was a gift, and it was my choice to get it. So, do you like it?”
She nodded. “Yes, of course I do.”
“Good,” he answered as he kissed her neck.
He rubbed at his jawline. “I really like you… I mean, God, Kat, what isn’t to like? But if you decide you don’t wa—”
She cut him off mid word. “Are you trying to get rid of me, Kris Lafleur?” She flashed him a devilish smile. “That’s not going to be as easy as you think.” She kissed his lips, sliding her hands around his middle and snuggling into him. She had made up her mind. Regardless of her feelings of not being good enough, she was going to suck it up and do what she did best, and that was fighting for what she wanted. And what she wanted was him.
“Me? Get rid of you? Hardly…” He smiled at her as she snuggled into his chest. “I’m just giving you a polite way out. Just in case.”
“Do I look like I’m leaving?” she quietly asked.
“No.”
“Well then, looks like you’re stuck with me. I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself. I always do. But out of curiosity, if I did decide to leave, do I get to keep the car?” She giggled.
Kris shook his head, laughing as a piece of hair fell in his eyes. He pushed it out of his face, and tucked it behind his ear. Grabbing her, he pressed his lips to hers, biting at her bottom lip. He whispered against her lips, “Funny.”
“I do have an article to send to my editor. Do you mind while I take care of that real quick?” She tried untangling herself from his arms, but he wasn’t budging.
“Do I mind what?” he asked, as he kissed at her neck more.
“Do you mind removing your hands from me long enough for me to take care of this? After all, it is my job.” She didn’t want him to move his hands from her. She liked them just where they were, but she had to send her article. Her deadline wasn’t going to go away.
“I guess.” Kris whined. “Can I go sit on the couch while you do your work stuff? Or will that distract you too much?”
“Ha, ha. No, the couch is fine.”
She sat down at the table and opened her laptop. The article was complete; she only had to proofread it. The last few days had been a blur and who knew what she had actually written?
She could hear him sigh as she worked. It wasn’t easy forcing herself not to look over at him, but she needed to concentrate. Once it was proofread and spell checked, all she had to do was submit it. If she didn’t do it now, she was sure she would forget all about it, and that wouldn’t be good. She needed this job.
She hit the send button. “All done.”
“Great! I have an idea. Let’s go to dinner tonight?”
“Yeah, we could do that. Um, what should I wear?” Her mind raced as she took a mental inventory of her closet. There had to be a nice black dress in there somewhere.
“Something dressy. Let’s plan for five o’clock?” he said, as she closed her laptop.
She looked over at the clock. “Well, I’d better go get ready then.” Before heading to the bedroom, she smiled, and wrapped her arms around his middle. “But what about you?”
“Well, I was hoping you’d say yes to dinner, so I brought clothes with me. They’re in the Jeep.” Kris flashed a cocky smile. “So,” he said, kissing her forehead, “I’ll get them while you’re getting ready.” He slid out of her arms and slapped her on the ass.
“Hey!” She giggled.
Her stomach tingled with delight. She didn’t know what it was, but he’d managed to turn her world upside down and she liked it. Since she’d given in to his advances, he’d made her feel like she was the only girl in the world. Things were easy between them, and everything just seemed to fall into place. All that time she spent second guessing herself could’ve been spent in his arms.
Excitedly, she hurried to her closet. What to wear? Then her heart dropped. In the back of her mind, she heard Anna’s voice sneering about bargain store clothing. It was the truth. On her income, she had to watch every cent.
She flicked through her clothes, looking for that one dress. It’d taken her months to save up for it. There it was. A sexy, slinky black dress with sheer sleeves. It had a nice low v-neckline. She paired it with black heels and some sparkly jewelry.
Pausing, she stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her long brown hair was messily clipped up on her head, with some strands hanging in curls around her face. 
She ran her hands along her middle, where the dress clung in just the right way to make her curves look smooth and feminine. The neckline dipped and showed enough of her full breasts to be seductive without making a spectacle. Oh my God. The dress made her look good! 
She drew in a deep breath. The girl in front of her was attractive, glowing… and sexy. She’d never much liked what she saw in the mirror. Was it possible Kris was changing all that?
When she finally emerged from her room, her breath caught at the sight of him. He looked so handsome in his dark slacks and white dress shirt. His hair was damp and brushed back out of his face, and his sexy five o’clock shadow accented his jaw. The bruise on his lip had started to fade, and the cut on his face was healing.
He turned to look at her and froze on the spot. “You… make that dress look amazing…” he stammered.
“Is it too much? Too dressy?” WHY am I nervous? Shaking her head, she pushed any insecure thoughts out of her mind.
“No, you’re stunning. Absolutely perfect.” His eyes trailed up and down, lingering over her every curve until finally he stepped forward, slipped his arms around her waist, pulled her to him, and kissed her lips. “We should get going… before I start something that will make us miss dinner.”
Kris pulled himself away from her reluctantly, helped her into her dark blue wool jacket before sliding on his own.
CHAPTER 16

Kris held her hand lovingly as they walked into the restaurant. The hostess looked up at them and smiled.
“Mr. Lafleur, good evening. Your table is waiting for you in the Wine Room. Right this way.” She carried two menus as she led them back to their table.
As she followed the hostess, Kat scanned the restaurant, taking note of every color and every tantalizing aroma. They passed a family enjoying their dinner. The little boy’s eyes grew wide when Kris walked by him.
The hostess led them to a luxurious private room with candlelit tables. Rich burgundy painted walls and wood trim complemented the dark mahogany chairs. Kris pulled out Kat’s chair and slid it in as she sat. He sat opposite, and the hostess placed the menus in front of them before excusing herself.
Kat glanced around, admiring the upscale room, noticing the tall wine closets on either side of the wall. Her breath caught and her pulse quickened. She didn’t know much about wine. How would she know what to order? She liked white wine, but didn’t have a favorite brand. Nor did she really know the difference between the flavors. Or types. Or whatever they were called. Oh geez, what if she ordered a wine and hated it? Is there more than one kind of white wine? Crap, what was the name of the bottle I had at home? She was in full blown panic mode. Would Kris expect her to know? Things were finally starting to go well between them, and she really didn’t want to make a fool of herself.
Taking a deep breath, she looked over the wine list. It couldn’t be that hard to make sense of it all. The wine list read: “Enjoy a view of our selection of wines collected from the four corners of the world.”
“Ever been here before?” Kris asked her over the candlelight.
She laughed a little. “No! The most high-end place my family ever went to was Red Lobster.” Her dad worked hard but they hardly ever ate at restaurants, and especially not expensive ones.
Kris chuckled. “Okay. Well, this is a great place. The guys like it here. It doesn’t hurt that it’s big on privacy.” He turned his attention to the menu in front of him. “Does anything look good to you?”
“I really don’t know. I think I want steak, if that’s okay with you? I just don’t know which one.”
“Whatever you want is perfectly okay with me, beautiful. If you want steak, I suggest either the Filet Mignon or Delmonico with roasted wild mushrooms. She’ll be back soon for our order; is white wine okay?” he asked. “Do you mind if I suggest something?” His chocolate-brown eyes sparkled over the candlelight.
“Not at all. It would actually help a great bit. What were you thinking?” Her eyebrows raised, curious about what was good on the menu.
The waitress arrived at their table, and quietly asked for their orders. Kris smiled at her, ordering glasses of water, and a Pinot Grigio white wine. He ordered himself a Filet Mignon and Kat a Delmonico steak, both with roasted wild mushrooms. He added two sides to share—grilled asparagus, and a lobster macaroni and cheese.
He looked at Kat before the waitress left. “Does that sound okay to you?”
“That actually sounds perfect.” She smiled as she handed her menu back to the waitress. Glancing across at Kris, her breath caught. He looked so handsome in the candlelight.
The waitress returned a minute later with their wine.
“You really look amazing tonight, Kat,” Kris said as they sipped their wine.
She felt her face burn. “Oh, thank you.”
“I wanted to tell you, I am so glad you decided to give us a chance.” He flashed a hunky smile. “You won’t regret it. I promise.”
His gaze stayed locked on her. She guessed he was on a mission to show her how much he needed her and that she was good for him.
She wanted to believe him; he was perfect. Too perfect for her? No, stop that. Tonight she felt like she really could fit into his world.
They drank their wine and chatted until their food was brought to the table.
Kris waited while she cut into her steak, eyes twinkling as he watched her take a bite.
“Oh my God, this is the best steak I have ever had.”
“I know.” He smiled. “Now you need to try the asparagus and the lobster mac-n-cheese.” Kris put a few pieces of asparagus on his plate, then slid the serving tray to her. 
She scooped a few pieces onto her plate. He dug his spoon into the lobster macaroni and cheese. She tried not to giggle at the huge bite he took, smearing a bit of cheese sauce on his lips.
“Mac-n-cheese, huh? I didn’t think you’d eat it. Aren’t there too many carbs in that?” She grinned at him before she took a bite herself.
He just smirked. “This is actually my favorite cheat food. The lobster really makes it decadent. I don’t eat it often, but it is my favorite.”
They sat in silence for a little while, eating and exchanging glances. “After we’re done,” Kris started, “would you like to stop for drinks? There’s this place not far from here that Matt was telling me about. Maybe we can check out their dessert menu. Interested?”
“Yeah, let’s go check it out.” She was still in the mindset that she shouldn’t eat dessert, especially in front of Kris, but she was trying hard to change that attitude. She loved dessert, so why not?
They were done with their meal and paid the bill. On their way out of the restaurant, a little boy wearing a Renegades jersey approached Kris. His mother frantically tried to stop him with a horrified look on her face.
“Excuse me, Mr. Lafleur?” The little boy looked up at Kris with big blue eyes. “Would it be okay if I got a picture with you?”
“Oh, Mr. Lafleur, I am so sorry! Honey, let’s not bother Mr. Lafleur, he’s here for dinner, just like us.” The mother must have known people tended to like their privacy here, but Kris really didn’t seem to mind. It was the same boy Kat had seen sitting with his family when they walked in.
“Please, it’s fine, I would love to take a picture with this little guy! What’s your name, buddy?” Kris smiled.
“Maxwell.” The boy said, beaming. His mother stopped looking so worried about the intrusion, and a smile crept over her face as she watched Kris talk with the young boy.
“How old are you, Maxwell?” Kris asked.
“Seven,” the little guy answered.
“You look nice all dressed up for dinner. And thanks for asking for a picture.”
Maxwell looked over at his mom, grinning like crazy, motioning for her to come over. The little guy could hardly stand still he was so excited.
So cute, Kat thought.
“Thank you so very much,” his mom said to Kris. She took a photo of Kris standing beside Maxwell with her cell phone.
“Hey, buddy,” Kris said to the boy. “Here.” He took a clean napkin off of the boy’s table and signed it. To Maxwell all my best, Kris Lafleur. The kid’s mom got another photo and thanked Kris again. 
“Now that was cute,” Kat said to Kris on their way out.
“Things like that really make my day.”
“You like kids?” she asked, not really meaning anything by it.
Kris looked over at her, wide-eyed but smiling, “Why? You offering?” He laughed at the look of alarm on her face. “Yeah, I love kids. Wouldn’t mind a few of my own one day.”
She sighed for a moment, thinking that man was going to make beautiful children with someone someday. She tried to ignore the way her heart ached when she thought about him with a family that didn’t include her.
They drove to the place Matt had told them about, Ice. There was a huge crowd outside. Kat thought it looked like a red carpet.
“There is another entrance, so we can avoid the craziness.” Kris drove around to the other side, where guards waved him through a security gate; no fans were allowed. Little trees lined the private parking lot, decorated with white holiday lights.
Inside, the lights were dim. Strings of white holiday lights lined the walls and booths, and candles decorated each high-top table. Booths sat along the walls, while tables were dotted around the middle of the restaurant. A huge half-circle bar at the end of the room faced a wall of televisions.
“Well, this is nice,” Kat commented softly, looking around in wonder.
“Yeah, I like this place. Maybe we should come here more often?”
They went over to sit at the bar and then ordered their drinks. Kat ordered a Cosmopolitan, Kris ordered a beer.
Just then a couple came up behind them. It was Matt Jasper, a left winger on the team. “Fancy meeting you folks here!”
“Hey guys! Kat, this is Matt Jasper and his girlfriend, Lindsey,” Kris said. “Guys, this is Kat.”
Kat waved at them and flashed a small bashful smile. Kris slid his arm around her waist. She immediately relaxed at his soft touch.
“Very nice to meet you, Kat,” Lindsey said, reaching out to shake Kat’s hand.
“I’ve heard a lot about you, Kat. It’s nice to finally meet you! Would you guys want to get a table? Or are we interrupting?” Matt asked.
“No it’s fine. Kat?” Kris looked to her.
“We’d love to get a table,” she said softly.
They sat together at one of the curved booths. The waitress came over and took Matt and Lindsey’s drink orders. Matt started to tell some wild stories about the road; a few even made Kris blush. It was funny to see him embarrassed.
“Yeah, some of the guys are really wild. You have to walk that fine line with Coach. He doesn’t stand for us getting too out of hand,” Matt said.
“Not me, I like to hang in the back and watch the madness from a distance.” Kris laughed, shaking his head. “No need to get all mixed up in that. Matt, on the other hand is always acting out!”
“Kat,” Lindsey asked, “You think you can hang with the crazy Renegades schedule?”
“Linds, don’t scare the girl.” Matt chuckled. “Don’t listen to her, Kat. She deals with it just fine, and she doesn’t mind all the gifts either.” He joked.
Kat wasn’t sure what Lindsey was talking about. She hadn’t been with Kris long enough to really know about the crazy schedule.
“I’m just kidding, Kat. It’s not that bad.” Lindsey seemed very friendly. “It’s been two years for me. It never gets easier, but it certainly is well worth it.” She smiled at Matt.
“Of course I’m worth it!” Matt teased, then his smile faded a little. “No, but seriously, Kris is a good guy, Kat.” The look Matt gave her made her feel strange, as though he was staring right into her. But just then Lindsay said something funny. Everyone laughed, and the moment was forgotten.
They talked for a few hours, drinking, laughing and exchanging stories. Kat really liked Lindsey and they eventually exchanged phone numbers, promising to text. They finally said their goodbyes since it was getting late, and Kris wanted to head back to Kat’s apartment.
“Well, that was fun,” he said on the drive home.
“Yeah, it was. We really need to go back there.” Kat enjoyed herself tonight. Kris was so handsome she could barely tear her eyes away from him all night. “Thanks for such a nice night, Kris.” She smiled.

****

The Renegades had been on a three-game road trip. It started in Carolina, went to Columbus and wrapped up in New Jersey. They won two out of the three games.
Kat had kept busy making sure to meet her latest deadline. And there was also her secret new project, a feature article she was hoping would work out. She’d spent days planning and scheduling an interview with Dominic Zanetti, organizing a photoshoot location and checking to make sure a photographer would be available to take photographs.
By chance, Kat had met Dominic when she’d covered one of the pee-wee games. It turned out that he had a little brother playing, and he’d helped answer some of Kat’s questions about the young players. After spending so much time with Kris and meeting some of the other players, the fact that Dominic was an up and coming Renegades player didn’t faze her. Somehow, after a long conversation, she’d managed to get him on board with the article idea. 
She hadn’t told her boss about it yet, because she didn’t want to risk him putting a more experienced reporter on the job. But she hoped he’d appreciate her initiative and approve the article when she was finished. 
Rumors had been whispered around the newsroom that Todd, the reporter who normally covered the Renegades games was thinking of making the move to broadcast. That would mean a place might open up for another reporter on the sports desk. If this article was successful, it could get Kat the recognition that could propel her from pee-wee and community reporting into the college or even the pro sports reporting team.
A tiny twinge of guilt pinched her stomach. She hadn’t told Kris about it either. She hated to keep it from him, but she hadn’t wanted him to think she was using her relationship with him to further her own career. And she knew he’d probably offer to let her interview him too, if he thought it would help her. Maybe it was crazy pride, but if she got ahead in her career, she wanted to have done it using her own talent.
A new romance novel she’d bought online had her currently engrossed. She hadn’t gotten much sleep last night because she couldn’t put it down. It was two in the morning before she finally crashed on the couch.
She was anxiously waiting for Kris to call. He said he would once he was home. She sat staring at her tablet, trying to read as she waited, but it was no use. She couldn’t concentrate. She missed him more that she thought possible; she really was falling for him. Shaking her head, she put down the tablet, and decided to go get ready.
She wanted to make sure she looked super cute for him. She tried on at least three outfits before finding one she liked. Pausing to admire herself in the mirror, she realized she looked sexy in her pair of too-tight blue jeans, and a designer baby tee. Being around Kris had a nice effect on her; she wasn’t being so harsh on herself lately. She turned in front of the mirror, liking how the jeans hugged her curves. For the first time in a long time, she decided her opinion was all that mattered.
She headed to the kitchen and brewed herself an iced coffee while she waited. Dropping a few ice cubes in the mug before pouring the freshly brewed vanilla latte, she spied her tablet on the dining room table. She thought about the book she was reading. She couldn’t get the male character out of her mind. He was strong and handsome, and such a romantic. Kat had always been a fan of romance novels, ever since she was a teen. She liked how they always had a happily ever after. Love was so easy in her fiction books. It was a feeling she hadn’t ever experienced until now.
She never dreamed she would find a happily ever after of her own. After all, Prince Charming didn’t exist in real life, not that she ever knew. But since meeting Kris she was starting to think differently about all that. Was he her Prince Charming?
Her cell phone ringtone echoed through her apartment. Seeing it was Kris, she quickly picked it up.
“Hey! You’re finally home?” she asked excitedly.
“Finally, yes.” He let out a heavy breath. “You wanna come over? I could always come get you if you want.”
“Nope, I’ll be over!” She was getting ready to hang up as he called her name.
“Kat.” He paused for a second. “Bring an overnight bag.”

****

Kat awoke to the sound of the shower. Sunlight poured in through the breaks in the curtains; she pulled the covers over her face to block it out. It felt early, too early to want to get up. The bathroom door opened, and steam flowed out into the bedroom. Kris stepped out of the bathroom in only a towel, with his hair still wet and pushed back out of his face. Water droplets dripped from the ends of his hair, onto his shoulders and rolled down his skin… Damn, what a way to wake up.
He noticed that she was awake. “Hey, beautiful, good morning.”
“Yes it is…” She replied, smiling at the sight in front of her.
“So,” he curled up next to her, hugging her body with his. “I wanted to talk to you.” He flipped her over onto her back, so she lay looking up at him.
Kat worried for a second, but the look on his face did not show concern or upset; his eyes were heavy and dark, but with anticipation. She took a deep breath as he ran his fingertips up and down her bare arm. He placed a few soft kisses on her shoulder before moving to her neck.
She giggled and pushed him away. “I thought you wanted to talk?”
“Okay, okay.” He sat back on his elbow. “Kat, I want you to stay.”
“Okay, you want me to stay the night again? I have to work in the morning, but—”
“No,” he interrupted her. “I want you to move in with me.”
She stared at him blankly, not saying a word. What? Move in with him?
“Kat, I don’t know how or why I feel so strongly about you, but I like it. You bring out feelings in me that I didn’t know existed, and I don’t want this feeling to stop. I want you next to me, no, I need you next to me.”
“But—” Kat wasn’t even sure what argument she was going to use. What girl in their right mind would not want to move in with him? Before she could form any more words, he put his index finger to her lips.
“Shh,” he said, smiling. “I’m not done. You said yourself this was a nice way to wake up. I know that I’d like to wake up next to you every day.” His eyes were darker than their normal shade of brown. He licked his lips as if his mouth were dry. He looked away, rubbing his jawline, scratching the scruff of his unshaven face. After what felt like forever, he looked back up at her, searching her face. “Kat, I love you. Please say you’ll move in with me?”
He loves me? Kat hoped her face didn’t show the shock that she was feeling, but it must not have because he didn’t react. Her lips curved into an anxious smile.
“Look, don’t answer me right now.” He pulled away, his face growing uneasy again.
He walked to his closet and grabbed a t-shirt and pair of jeans, dropped the towel, and started to get dressed. Kat’s eyes wandered over his hard body. How could she resist? The man was a work of art, every inch chiseled to perfection. She knew it wasn’t from lack of hard work though. The gym was his second home. She stared at his perfect physique. He grinned as she watched his every movement.
“I want you to take my credit card and go do some shopping, buy some clothes, have fun, get your nails done, whatever you want. I will be at practice until probably noon. We can order Chinese for dinner later, and you can give me your answer then.” He pointed to a key on the dresser, sitting with his credit card. “There’s a key to the house, it’s yours now.”
Her head was spinning. His credit card? I can’t take his money. She sat up, leaning back against the pillows, taking care to keep herself covered. “No, I can’t use your credit card…”
“Yes, you can. It’s a treat from me. Go enjoy. Do you have to do any work today?”
She shook her head. “Um, yeah. I just have to proofread my article before I send it to the editor.”
“Good.” He nodded as he walked over to the bed and kissed her on her forehead before leaning in and placing his lips on hers. “I’ll see you after practice. Go and enjoy yourself.” He paused for a moment before leaving and flashed her a smile.
Kat lay back down in the comfy bed, wrapping herself up in his scent and the soft blankets. He loved her. She sighed and shook her head. Move in with him? This really had to be a dream. No one man is that, well, that perfect.

****

Freshly showered and with her belly full, Kat drove her Mustang to the shopping area, a strip of shops on the main road. She pulled into the shopping center, noticing a coffee shop on the end. “Oh it has a drive thru!” she cooed. First stop, coffee. Her vice.
After getting a Café Mocha from the drive thru, she drove along the store fronts, past a candy shop, a pizza place and a bakery. “This is my kind of shopping center!” She laughed. Sipping her hot coffee, she noticed clothing stores at the other end of the building.
One was a high-end boutique, and the other an accessories store, handbags, purses, shoes, things like that. She parked her Mustang and sipped her coffee, waiting for the stores to open.
The lights in the boutique and the accessory store slowly came on.
She locked up her Mustang and entered the boutique as the doors were opening. She wasn’t sure this was her kind of store. She felt out of place in her sweats, especially looking at some of the price tags. An older lady greeted her, scanning over Kat with critical eyes. She held tight to the credit card Kris had given her. She didn’t want to use his money, but he wouldn’t take no for an answer.
She shopped around the store with the woman’s glare hot on her back. Some of the outfits were a little too plain for her, but then she noticed a cute one-piece black halter pant suit. She was sure she could find somewhere to wear that. The legs flared from the hips to the ankle. That would look hot with sandals or pumps, she thought. She kept it in mind as she saw a pink and blue chiffon halter jumpsuit.
Both outfits were reasonably priced. She grabbed her size in each, then moved on to a white dress shirt that had wide cuffs, and a wide collar that would sit open and show off cleavage. She grabbed one of those too and paired it with form fitting black dress slacks that sat low at the hips. “I have to have these,” she whispered to herself, grabbing one more outfit, a dress, before going to try everything on.
As Kat took the outfits to the fitting room, the sales lady still eyed her like she didn’t belong. Who was she to judge Kat on her appearance? She tried on each outfit, and surprisingly, every one looked amazing on her. She glanced at the hefty price tags. I could get these… not sure if I should… I guess I could take them back if I change my mind… She thought about the credit card Kris gave her. He did tell her to use it on anything she wanted.
Valentine’s Day was coming up, and she assumed Kris would ask her out. If he did, one of these outfits would work perfectly.
Looking at herself in the slacks and dress shirt, she ran her hand along her stomach and hips. This outfit made her feel good; she liked what she saw. Against her better judgment, she decided she would get them all. She also grabbed a pair of jeans and a designer tee on her way to the cash register.
The sales lady half smiled and greeted her, glaring at her sweats. “Are you sure you have places to wear all of these, dear?” the lady asked, as Kat laid them on the checkout counter. She cringed, but had no intention of letting this woman make her feel bad.
Seriously? What a bitch! she thought. “Yes, actually, I do. Thanks for asking.” The total wasn’t bad for all the outfits, and she handed over the credit card. She decided to be nice to the lady today, and come back another day with Kris; maybe she would get treated a bit better.
“I’m new to the area, is this a chain store? It’s really nice.” Kat asked.
“No!” The lady scoffed. “This is my store. I opened up five years ago.” Before Kat could say anything else, she added, “And no, we are not looking for help.”
Wow… Yeah, I’m not looking for a job, bitch, trust me! Kat thought as she took her receipt and left. 
She stopped in the accessory store just to look. As she walked in the door, a young blonde girl bounced over to her and greeted her with a huge smile. She noticed the bag in Kat’s hand from the boutique.
“I don’t mean to be rude, but she actually let you shop over there in sweats? Which by the way are super cute! I am a huge Renegades fan!” The young girl was bursting with bubbly.
“Um, thanks. Yeah, I was in there. She is… uh…” Kat didn’t know what to say about the boutique owner exactly; she didn’t want to be mean.
“She’s my aunt. She owns this store too, but she is an old cranky puss.” The girl laughed. “You were in her store in sweats. She was probably about to have a coronary! She thinks us young people don’t dress nice enough anymore.” The girl was really getting a kick out of it.
They had some cute shoes in the store. She spotted a pair of high heeled sandals in the corner, and knew they would look awesome with the black romper she just bought. “How much are these?” She asked as she walked towards the pair with the young girl trailing behind her.
“Oh those? They’re new, let me see,” The girl checked her book behind the counter, then came back over to Kat. “They’re forty dollars. Super cute, aren’t they?”
Kat really had to have the black open-toed stiletto pumps with thin straps and a double chain hanging around the ankle. She picked up her size and charged them to the credit card as well. She was almost positive Kris wouldn’t mind her buying these, they were hot! After the girl handed her the bag, Kat called, “I’ll definitely be back! Thanks!”

****

Kat tried making herself at home in his house. Or was it going to be their house? She wanted to tell him that she would love to move in. But was it that simple? What if he changed his mind? Ugh! She shook her head, trying to shake the negative thoughts that were creeping in. Scolding herself for sliding back into her old habits of questioning if she was good enough, she hurried upstairs and changed out of her sweats.
Grabbing the blue jeans and black blouse she brought in her overnight bag, she changed in his room. She looked at herself in the mirror; the jeans hugged her hips and the blouse had a gaping neckline that almost slid past her bra strap. Just then she heard Kris’s Jeep pull up. She ran downstairs to greet him at the door.
“There she is! Hi there, beautiful.” He leaned in and kissed her. “I brought soup, and these.” He pulled a dozen roses from behind his back.
She wanted to melt. No one had ever given her roses before. She couldn’t help but smile. “You didn’t have to do that. But it really was sweet.” He followed her into the kitchen. After she put the flowers in water, Kat turned away from the kitchen sink and right into his arms. He wrapped his hands around her waist, and his lips were inches away from hers. Their lips met; he softly kissed her.
“So, if this was your home too, I would be coming home to you every day…” Kris smiled. That smile made her swoon every time. “Did some shopping I see?” He laughed.
“Yeah, well, guilty as charged.” Hanging her head, she laughed. “Thanks, I had fun. I found the cutest little shopping center with a boutique and accessory store, and a bakery and coffee shop!”
“Oh yeah, I know that one. You didn’t get your nails done too?” He questioned.
She shook her head as they sat at the counter. “Nope, maybe some other time.” She opened the container of chicken noodle soup. “This smells good.” She spooned some into her bowl.
“Yeah, it’s one of my favorites,” Kris said, and sat down next to her. “By the way, you look really cute today.” He nuzzled his mouth into the curve of her neck, inhaling her vanilla scent.
Playfully she pushed him away. “Your soup is going to get cold.”
CHAPTER 17

“Kris!” Kat called down the basement steps. She could hear his weights clink together. “The food is here!” She looked over at the delivery man standing on his front porch. Or their porch? Man, this was a decision she never thought she would have to make.
“I’m on my way.” He ran up the steps, taking some two at a time until he reached the top, then stealing a little kiss from her lips as he passed by on his way to the front door.
“Hey, bud.” Kris greeted the delivery guy. He paid him, then shut the door and carried the food to the couch. “Ready to eat, Kat?”
“Yep.” She emerged from the kitchen, carrying two cold beers.
She made herself comfy on the couch as he lit a fire. Kat pulled out the food. There were two sets of chopsticks and also forks in the bag. She was still learning how to use those damn chopsticks. It wasn’t as easy as it looked, but at least she didn’t feel embarrassed about it anymore. Kris had his usual steamed rice, with chicken and veggies. Trying to be more health conscious, Kat had got steamed rice with chicken and broccoli.
“You’re getting better with those chopsticks,” Kris said to her, laughing a little as her broccoli fell back off her chopsticks. He looked at her with his brow raised. “How did you learn that?”
“The internet.” She giggled. “While you were out of town I may have practiced a little.” As she said that, a clump of rice fell from her chopsticks, half landing on her lap and half back in the container.
Kris chuckled. “Well, you’re much better, but why don’t you just use your fork? I’m betting you could use some veggies after me being gone for a whole week.” He smirked at her. “You didn’t have anyone to cook for you.”
“Ha, ha, very funny.” True of course, but funny. “Okay, if you insist, but I swear one of these days I’m going to get the hang of those things!” Kat giggled. She wanted to learn how to use them, but on the other hand, a fork was really so much easier.
“I have a game tomorrow night. Would you like to go?” Kris asked, before he shoveled some food into his mouth.
“Um, yeah, I’d love to go if you can get a ticket.” She fumbled with some rice.
“Tickets? Of course I can get tickets! Actually, you’ll sit in one of the owners’ boxes with all the wives and girlfriends.”
Instantly Kat got quiet. “Oh,” she whispered.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, watching as she pushed some rice around.
“Nothing.” She cleared her throat. “I’ll have to check my calendar. I might not be able to go.” Liar, of course she could go. But the thought of being around all of the girlfriends was made her nervous.
“Nonsense. What’s wrong?” He wasn’t going to let this go.
“It’s just—”
“Just what, Kat?”
“I’m just… nervous. That’s all. I’m not sure I’ll fit in.” She tossed a piece of chicken into her mouth so she wouldn’t have to say anything else just yet.
“Kat, you already met Lindsey. She was nice, right?”
“Yes.” She nodded. Lindsey was very nice. But what about the others?
“Well, they’re all nice girls. I’m sure as soon as they meet you, they’ll love you. Just give them a chance. You’ll have a great time, I’m sure of it.”
Kat just nodded. Obviously, she would go. She couldn’t wait to watch Kris play.
“So, back to our discussion from earlier.” Kris broke the silence as he uneasily pushed around the remaining food in his container. “I’m not going to pressure you. It’s up to you.”
She took in a deep breath. “I still don’t know why you chose me.” She played with her food too, trying to contain her nerves. “But I think I’d love to move in with you.” The thought of seeing him every day excited her. She hated being away from him when she had to go home. She wished she could tell him that she loved him, but it was too rushed. She pouted, wanting to explain herself.
“Hey.” Kris tipped her head up with his finger. “That’s all I wanted to hear. Everything else can wait. I don’t know why you don’t think you’re beautiful. You are so very beautiful, Kat.”
Her face heated up as she looked at his smile.
“So what did you buy today?” he asked.
“A few outfits, that’s all.”
“Oh yeah? Well, I hope there’s something in there for you to wear on Valentine’s Day.”
“Valentine’s Day?” she repeated.
Kris nodded. “Uh-huh. Valentine’s Day is coming up, and I hope you’ll join me here for a special dinner. What do you say?”
“Yes.” Kat smiled. Before she could say anything else, he kissed her. They were almost finished with their food and pushed it aside. Kris leaned back against an overstuffed pillow, pulling her on top of him. He held her close and kissed her, harder this time. Brushing the hair out of her face, he pulled away for a moment, admiring her before reclaiming her lips.
His hands wandered up her tank top, lingering at the warmth of her flesh. Pressing his tongue against her lips, he waited for her to let him in, and she did just that.
When his hands slid farther up her waist, he stopped to caress her breasts. His fingers caught her nipple, making her take in a sharp breath. She leaned back and groaned, feeling his hard-on pushing against her.
He stood in front of her, his outstretched hand waiting for her. She took it and he led her up to his room. Once they entered his bedroom, he playfully pushed her against the doorframe, gently grabbing her face in his hands, his mouth coming down on hers. He fed hungrily on her lips. His mouth never leaving hers, he ran his hands down her body, and unbuttoned her jeans. He slid them to the floor and she kicked them off. Then he tugged at her panties as they made their way to the bed.
Kris shook his own pants to the floor, leaving them in a pile along with his t-shirt. Crawling on top of Kat, he dropped to her side. As he covered her mouth with his, he slid his hand down between her legs. He gently pressed into her wet warm core. Wrapping her hands around his shoulders, she let out a muffled groan. He caressed her warm insides, making her dizzy with pleasure. When he found her sweet spot, she gasped for air. She could barely breathe; the intensity of his touch drove her mad.
He pushed her to the brink, and she liked it. She gasped as he explored every inch of her. When she knew she couldn’t take any more, Kat whispered, “No, I can’t—I won’t be able to come more than once—” But it was too late, it felt too good, and Kris obviously knew what he was doing. He continued to explore her warmth, watching her squirm under his touch.
“Oh, Kris, uh, I’m—” Kat whined, closing her eyes.
“Let it go, baby, go ahead,” he instructed.
She couldn’t hang on any longer. The pressure was too much, and she was ready to come undone.
He moved faster, causing her to contract against him. She moaned loudly as her body tightened. Pulling herself rigid to him, she came forcefully, digging her nails into his shoulders. As her body relaxed, she laid back against the cool bed, breathing heavy, and smiling, embarrassed.
“Oh, Kris.” Seeing he was aroused, she felt bad she wasn’t going to be able to come again. “I’m sorry, I didn’t want to come yet.”
“Don’t apologize, I wanted you to. Don’t worry, I will make you go again.” He looked down at her, his eyes dark and his eyelids heavy. He took her hand, placing it on his hard erection. She groaned at the feel of it in her hand.
She felt him grow at her touch. “God, Kris.” She moaned, her center warm and wet again.
She didn’t have to tell him she was ready again. From the way he looked at her with his dark, passion-filled eyes, he knew. He grabbed a condom off of the nightstand then growled, “C’mere, baby.” He sat up against the pillows and pulled her onto his lap. Holding her hips to him, he slowly pushed into her. “God, Kat.” Kris groaned. He sucked at her breasts as he filled her completely.
Kat gasped as his pace quickened, and he rocked into her harder. She grabbed onto the headboard to brace herself. She felt so much delicious pressure. He was actually going to make her come a second time; he wasn’t lying. Slowly he moved her against him.
Moving to take him in deeper, she was close. He grabbed her hips, digging his fingertips into her skin. He pushed into her hard and fast until she screamed out, her body shuddering. He let out a muffled grunt, as he released hard into her. She whipped her head back and exhaled loudly, then smiled.
“Wow.” She huffed. “You weren’t kidding.” Yeah, he wasn’t kidding, he’d said he could get her to come twice, and he was right. She fell onto the bed, curling up in his strong arms.

****

Kat sat back on the sofa while she talked on the phone. It’d been a while since Kat had spoken to Gia about her and Kris, and she knew she needed to update her sister on her new decision. 
“Yeah, so, it’s been a few weeks, but yesterday he asked me to move in with him.”
“No way! Why is this the first I’m hearing about this?”
“I didn’t know if it was going to last.”
“Well obviously it has, if he’s asking you to move in with him! Are you going to?” Gia asked. 
“Yes,” she answered quietly, ignoring her other question.
“Way to go, sis! I can’t believe you’re actually doing that, to be honest.” Gia always picked on Kat for not being very exciting or adventurous; this may have just proved her wrong. “So when do I get to come over?”
“Um, I don’t know. Let me talk to Kris, and I’ll call you, okay? But I hope soon. I miss you, and it’ll be nice to have you here.”
“So, do you ever see Tyler Kidd?” Gia asked very nonchalantly. She was infatuated with the Renegades captain.
Kat chuckled. She had wondered when that would come up. “Sure, in passing. But I’m going to the game tonight, so maybe—”
“Lucky! Wish I could go too. Ugh, I have to work tonight, so I can’t even watch it. Well, I’m not supposed to be watching it, but I’ll sneak in some of it on my phone when I’m not busy. Oh, and have you talked to Mom and Dad about Kris yet?”
“No, I was just going to let it go for now. They basically live in Florida, so what does it matter what I do?”
“Or who you do? Right?” Gia giggled.
“Yeah whatever. I’ll let you know about coming over, okay?”
Gia couldn’t help herself. “So, how many times did you do Kris Lafleur? I need details…”
“No, G! Stop! Ugh… I’ll tell Mom and Dad, eventually. I promise.” Kat sighed. “And we are not talking about this…” She added sternly.
Her dad was a huge hockey fan; she didn’t want to get him excited about her bringing Kris Lafleur home and then it never happen. Her mom, well, her mom never understood why she liked hockey, and… their relationship was complicated.
Gia snapped her out of her thoughts. “Not talking about what? Screwing Kris Lafleur?” Gia giggled more. She obviously knew that she was irritating Kat, but she didn’t care.
“Are you enjoying yourself? Yes, me, Kris Lafleur, sex, damn he’s hot… okay?” Kat laughed. Just saying the words made her miss him.
“I still can’t believe this. You’re sleeping with Kris Lafleur!” 
Kat didn’t expect her to keep her mouth shut; she rarely ever did.
“I’m having enough trouble accepting that he’d want to be with me anyway, but I’m working on that. I don’t need Mom putting more shit in my head.”
“What do you mean?” Gia asked.
“You know how she is? Katherine, are you still on your diet? Katherine, did you go to the gym today? Katherine, you look ridiculous in that outfit, don’t you have anything that fits better? Katherine, you know you shouldn’t have a second helping of potatoes. Well she was stuck in my head. Every time I looked in the mirror I saw a fatty. Kris Lafleur can’t possibly be interested in a fatty! But,”—she paused to compose herself—“he always says I’m beautiful, and he doesn’t see what I see. It’s just all those years of that shit being said to me that has me all messed up. Funny thing, G, he claimed he was going to prove to me that I was the only one for him, no matter what I thought.”
“Aw, that’s sweet. But didn’t you know about—”
“Did I tell you he bought me a car?”
“Really? What kind?” Gia squealed with excitement.
“My stupid piece of shit car broke down. It was a big mess, and it happened at the same time that I figured I wasn’t good enough for him, that he needed some Hollywood looking chick. Not me, a fatty. I was all set to never see him again, ignoring his calls. Then my car broke down while you were at work, and I had no choice. I had to call him to help me.” She grabbed a bottle of water and took a sip. “The car was a hot mess, and he remembered me telling him my dream car was a Mustang. Well, he showed up at my house after that horrible game; you know, that one where he beat the hell out of Rancy? Well, one thing led to another… Anyway…” She cleared her throat. “He surprised me by having this Mustang sitting in my parking lot.”
“Wow, nice! But, Kat, back up to the part about Mom.”
“It’s been a lot of years of me never feeling good enough, G. Because of what she says. Finally, I’m happy with how I look when I see myself in the mirror. And Kris is doing his damnedest to make me feel beautiful and desirable. Ironically, as hard as I fought him in the beginning, I finally believe him.” She really did. He told her he was going to make her believe she was the only one he wanted. When she thought about it now, he had accomplished that. “I just don’t want Mom to start in on me again and ruin all of that, when I’ve only just started feeling good about myself for once.”
“Kat, listen to me,” Gia implored. “Don’t you know why Mom has always been so hard on you? I can’t believe she never told you, dammit. That would’ve been nice for you to know. Kat, when Mom was young, she was real heavy, you know that. What you didn’t know was when she was a teenager, she was over two hundred pounds. Maybe more. That was when her dad died of a heart attack. Well, she kinda lost it.”
“What do you mean, she lost it?” Kat asked.
“You know, like cray-cray? Well, maybe not that bad. Anyway, she learned how to binge and purge, yeah, gross. She thinned down. A lot. After that, she stopped eating. She survived on coffee and weight loss pills. Dad was instrumental in getting her admitted to the hospital. She needed help. She almost died. Dad saved her.”
“I didn’t know all of that. But still, why do her issues have to be at the expense of my happiness?” So all this time, making her feel like shit, it really hadn’t been about her at all?
“Because she thinks she’s looking out for you. But, girl, you don’t need looking out for. You look great! That last photo you sent me, you looked awesome. C’mon, did you ever really see Mom eat a meal? That’s because she doesn’t. I don’t think I’ve ever seen her actually eat. Kat, she knows you aren’t fat, but she doesn’t see you when she looks at you, she sees herself, and then the cray-cray comes out. Ask Dad, he’ll tell you.”
Why didn’t anyone tell her all of this earlier? Like years ago? “Wait, why do you know about this and I don’t?”
“Because I’m a neb-shit and got into some papers that I wasn’t supposed to. Dad asked me not to tell anyone. You know, I’m really not sure why I couldn’t tell anyone, but, I didn’t. Kat, stop letting her get to you. Yes, you have curves. But damn! I wish I had an ass like yours, or those hips, something for the guys to really hold on to rather than just slap.” Kat blushed. “At least I have some boobs. I’m not totally flat, but you got the good ones. Yes, I went there—you have some great hooters! Keep doing what you’re doing, Kat. Look, it landed you Kris Lafleur, you’re doing something right, sis!”

****

Passing the food stands, her stomach growled. The nachos smelled so good. Usually she loved good nachos, but not today. Her stomach was a mess. Even though Kris held her tight as he walked her to the owner’s box. She memorized all the signs so she could get there herself next time. Well, as long as tonight went okay. Then maybe there would be a next time.
She had butterflies and her heart raced. Glancing over at Kris, she thought he looked so nice in his suit. Ugh, she was so hungry, but her stomach was doing acrobatics and wasn’t reacting friendly to the thought of food.
“Hey, beautiful.” Kris asked. “You okay over there?” He smiled at her.
Her body warmed. Oh, that smile made her melt every time.
Kat shook out of her fog. “Yep!” she said in her best enthusiastic voice.
“Well, I think you’ll be fine.” Kris laughed a little. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this nervous before.”
She was about to say something else, but they were at the owner’s box. Holding her head up high, doing her best to show Kris that she was fine, she walked in first.
The girls all turned towards the door.
“Kat! Kris! Hey, guys!” Lindsey called, flashing a welcoming smile.
“Linds, great to see you.” Kris gave her a hug. “Is the old man already downstairs?” he asked, laughing.
“Sure is. And he’s not that old. C’mon, Kat, let me introduce you. Bye Kris!” Lindsey grabbed for Kat and waved to Kris.
“Hang on, Linds, don’t run off with her yet. C’mere, beautiful.” He pulled Kat to him and wrapped his arm around her waist. “Can I get some good luck?”
“Did you even have to ask?” She leaned in and kissed him. “Good luck.”
“Hey, have fun, okay?”
Kat simply nodded. She was a mess, a ball full of nerves. But she wasn’t going to tell him that.
“Okay, enough of that mushy stuff. Shoo, Kristopher! You need to go get ready!” Lindsey said.
Kris shook his head and gave Kat one last peck on the cheek. “See you later, beautiful. I’ll be up after the game.” He winked.
“Ladies, this is Kat. Kat, this is everyone. Emily is Kaden’s girlfriend. Trish is Tanner’s…” Lindsey pointed out each as Kat nodded.
The girls were already seated in the stadium seats a few steps down from the luxury suite. After greeting everyone, Kat went to the bar and ordered a beer. She decided to stay up in the suite by the bar. Lindsey was already sitting with the other girls. They were all talking and laughing.
Kat wanted to go sit with them, but felt frozen to the ground. Injecting herself into their conversation didn’t seem right, so she went back over to the counter that overlooked the stadium seats. She set up there on the end, pressed up against the wall, and watched the game. Her stomach growled. Maybe she should go get something. There was a buffet on the other end of the room with sandwiches, salad and fruit.
She looked down at her beer bottle as she sat quietly and watched the game. This was beyond awkward now. She was sitting all alone. She knew she needed to get up and go talk to them. But she just didn’t feel like she fit in. They were laughing and having a great time. What if she tried joining in and they ignored her? Or worse, what if they looked at her like she had three heads? She shouldn’t have come. Sitting at home watching the game from her couch in her pajamas sounded like heaven right now. Ugh!
She would just sit here quietly for the duration of the game, then slip out unnoticed to wait for Kris. Now, to just get through the next two periods. 
Her stomach was really grumbling; she glanced over at the buffet, then back to the girls. They were still carrying on. Kat quietly got up to check out the buffet. Ah food! Her stomach was already thanking her.
She filled a little plate with a slider sized sandwich and salad. Why wasn’t there any junk food? Don’t any of these people eat cookies or chips?
She sat back down and picked at her food. Keeping an eye on the game, but also sitting as far into the corner as she could, she kept her head down. The sandwich wasn’t bad, just, well, just not junk food. It was no plate of nachos, that was for sure!
She pushed the salad around her plate and downed her beer. She kept her eyes on the ice like she had blinders on.
Kris was having a pretty good game. He already had two assists tonight and the Renegades were winning. Kat had a limited view, squished in the corner. Some of the girls’ heads got in the way when they cheered, but it was all okay with her. It was kind of fun, actually. It would just be more fun if she was interacting with other people. But it was fine. She shook off those thoughts; she was here to watch the game anyway. Pushing her plate away, she finished off her beer. Standing up to get another, she ran right into Lindsey.
Lindsey was standing over her. “Kat sweetie! Don’t you want to sit with us?”
“Um—” She wasn’t prepared for that. She’d thought Lindsey was still sitting with the girls.
“C’mon!” Lindsey dragged Kat down into the seats.
All the girls welcomed her with open arms.
“You hungry, kiddo?” 
Kat had no idea whose wife she was, but she had a huge rock on her finger.
“Um, yeah, kind of. But I had a sandwich, so—” Kat shook her head.
“Yeah, that buffet is great, but we like junk food. It’s bad enough some of us have to put up with all of the health food at home.” Emily said, laughing. “And Kat, don’t tell me that you don’t know what I am talking about!”
“Yeah, Kat. We all know how Kris is!” Trish commented.
All of the girls laughed and nodded. “We sure do!”
“Honey, we don’t bite!” Lindsey teased. “No need to be so shy.”
Kat just nodded as they went on and on about Kris and his healthy eating habits.
Finally she spoke up. “Well, it’s all true. So true.” She shrugged.
“Oh, we know it is! But honestly, Kris is a great guy. He really is, honey. That boy is obviously into you,” Lindsey said.
“Yeah, he’s a keeper!” Trish agreed.
“Look! Kris has the puck!” Lindsey yelled.
Kat sat silently and watched as Kris took the puck from the blue line and rushed it right down to the net. His first shot was deflected by the goalie. Matt bounced it back to Kris and he shot it at the goal again, slipping it right through the five-hole.
Score!
Kat stood up and yelled, throwing her hands in the air. Self-conscious for a second, she looked around to see the other girls all doing the same thing. No one was looking at her or watching what she was doing.
“Lindsey!” The bartender called. “Your snacks are here.”
“Oh! Good!” Lindsey ran up towards the bar. “Mike! Hey, how’s it going?” She called to a senior citizen holding what looked like concession snacks.
“Hey, Linds! I can’t complain!”
“Mike,” Lindsey started, then motioned for Kat to come over. “Kat, c’mere. Mike, this is the new girl, Kat. She’s Kris Lafleur’s girlfriend.”
“Well, Kat, it’s very nice to meet you! I hope to see you around here more often. Kris is a great guy.” The gentleman smiled.
Kat felt her face warm. “It was nice to meet you, Mike.”
“Thanks!” Lindsey said, giving him a nice tip.
“Kat, I hope you’re hungry. We got nachos and cheese, and pretzels.”
Kat’s mouth started to water.
“Not just pretzels, but you can dip them in the nacho cheese, or we always dip them in chocolate sauce. Oh it’s delicious! Salty and sweet! Yum!”
Okay, that sounded interesting, she had to admit.
“C’mon, ladies, let’s eat!” Lindsey called, as the girls hurried up to the seats where Kat was eating. Lindsey lined up the goodies and they all dug in.
The pretzels with the chocolate dip looked good, and the girls were going nuts over it. Kat had to try it. She grabbed a piece of a soft pretzel and dipped part of it in the liquid chocolate. It sounded like it would be good, but would it be? She popped the whole thing into her mouth and prayed she wouldn’t spit it out like a child. Wow. It was amazing! Waiting until she finished the huge bite she took, she noticed the girls were watching for her reaction. “Okay, yeah, that is really good!”
“Yay!” They all cheered.
“I knew you’d love it!” Lindsey said. “Everyone does!”
Kat was no longer hungry after eating a ton of nachos and cheese, and more pieces of soft pretzel than she could count. Her belly full and her head a little dizzy from all the beer, she counted down the last few seconds of the game with the other girls.
The buzzer sounded, and the game was over. The Renegades had won.
“Kat, are you coming down to the locker room?”
“No, actually, Kris is coming up here to get me.”
“Nonsense, c’mon down to the locker room with us.”
Kat shrugged, uneasy about it, but slowly shook her head. “You’re sure he’ll see me there?”
“He won’t be able to miss you, honey. C’mon!”
“Okay, I guess.”
As a group, the girls went downstairs. They all stood together in a hallway that led to the locker room.
“The guys come out here. Don’t worry, he will see you.”
Kat shifted, not sure if she should be down here. Kris said he would meet her up in the owner’s box. Maybe she should go back up?
She knew the guys had to shower and talk to the media. There was a monitor in the hallway; they could watch the players’ interviews as they waited. The guys who hadn’t played tonight came out first.
“Kat!” A familiar voice called.
She turned around to see Dominic walking towards her. “Oh, hi, Dom! How are you?” She gave him a small hug.
“I’m good. I’m surprised to see you down here. Did you enjoy the game?”
“I did. Those guys always put on a show.” She looked around nervously. “I wasn’t sure I was allowed to be here or not.”
“Oh yeah, it’s fine. Family wait here all of the time. So how’s the story coming along?”
“Oh it’s great. Plus my boss loved the coverage of your brother’s game. So all in all, things are looking good.”
“I’m glad to hear it. I see my date over there, so I’m going to let you go. I’m sure Kris will be out soon. But I’m available if you have any more questions.” Dominic softly wrapped his arms around her giving her a friendly hug. “Take care, Kat.”
“See ya, Dom.” The other guys started to pour out of the room and pair up with their families or significant others. She eagerly watched through the crowd so she wouldn’t miss Kris. Starting to worry that she missed him, she felt someone slip their arm around her waist and she smelled a familiar scent of cologne.
“Hey, beautiful,” Kris whispered against her neck.
All worry left her body as he pulled her against him.
She spun around, wrapping her arms around him, a wide smile on her face. “Hey, handsome! What a great game!”
“Thanks. Did you have a good time?” he asked.
“I did. Thanks for inviting me. Wait, how did you know to look for me down here?” she asked, confused.
“Linds texted Matt and he told me.” Kris paused for a moment, he scratched at his sideburns and cleared his throat. “So, what was that with Dom?”
“Oh that? He just stopped by to say hello.” She didn’t want to talk about Dom; she was just happy to be in his arms again. She pushed up on her tippy toes and placed a small kiss on his lips. “Let’s go home.”
CHAPTER 18

It was Valentine’s Day. Even though Kris begged her to let him come pick her up, she wanted to drive over herself. There was no reason for him to drive all the way across town to her house just to turn around and drive back to his. She wasn’t completely moved in yet. But, things were coming along. However, tonight she was getting ready at her place.
Kris opened the door just as she reached his porch. “Wow, Kat. You look amazing. Beautiful,” he said, as a smile crept across his lips. His eyes took in her blue form-fitting dress, and what she knew was a sexy pair of black heels.
“You look really nice yourself,” she said. Kris always looked good in a suit though. She thought he looked good in anything, but his suits were always tailored perfectly to his body.
As soon as Kat entered his house, she noticed a dozen red roses on the table. There was a card that read: Happy Valentine’s Day, Love, Kris.
“Thank you.” She hugged Kris. On the tray there was also a little glass bowl of candy hearts. She loved those little sugary treats! She grinned over at him. Then she realized those colorful sugary hearts all said the same things: ‘Be Mine’ and ‘XOXO’. Interesting… she thought. He might be cleverer than I thought… She grinned at him.
Kat sniffed. Something smelled delicious. Yum! What has he gone and done? 
“C’mere, let me show you something.” Kris took her by the hand, and led her onto the spacious back porch. She saw a man wearing a white chef jacket in the kitchen as she passed through.
“Do you like it?” Kris asked.
Her breath caught. It was beautiful, all lit up with white Christmas lights strung across the porch ceiling from one side to the other like trellises. More lights were hung along the railing. A fire pit stood at the corner of the porch, the flames flickering over fragrant logs, enough to keep them warm from the chill in the air. 
Kris had hired a caterer for their meal, and the table was set like something from an expensive restaurant, with flickering candles lighting it. Tiki torches added more light to the porch railing. Kris pushed Kat’s chair in as she sat down.
The caterer served them their meal, then was excused by Kris. The meal was a beautiful plate of chicken parmesan, spaghetti with a vodka sauce, mixed vegetables, a bowl of salad, and a serving basket of rolls. Kris had really outdone himself! He poured them each a glass of champagne and raised his glass to her.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, Kat.” They clinked their glasses together and sipped their drinks.
“Kris, this is amazing, thank you.” The food was divine. She couldn’t get enough of the chicken parmesan; it melted in her mouth. He had put so much time and energy into this dinner. 
The thought suddenly jolted through her. She really did love him. She did. She could kick herself for not being able to tell him before now. One look into those sexy chocolate-brown eyes and she knew he was crazy about her.
She didn’t have to be afraid that he would leave, didn’t have to worry that he would hurt her. He had proved himself time and time again. Tonight was a perfect night to tell him.
Kris stood and held out his hand to Kat. “May I have this dance?’
“Dance? But there isn’t any music?”
Kris pulled a remote out of his jacket pocket and turned on the CD player. It was set to a nice slow, sexy song, perfect for dancing.
“Yes, you may have this dance.” She smiled bashfully and stood, putting her hand in his. He pulled her close and they moved together to the beat. Kris swayed perfectly in tune with the music. This is so romantic. Kat became aware of his hot breath on her neck and his warm hands on her skin. He tightened his arms around her waist, causing her breath to catch.
After the song was over, Kris pulled back and smiled at her. “Maybe we should get dessert? Unless you’d prefer another dance?”
“Dessert sounds good.” She needed to catch her breath, wanted to enjoy every single second of tonight. Looking at his hard body in that suit, it wasn’t easy to cool down.
“Dessert it is.” Kris went to the kitchen and brought out their dessert, a single plate of Tiramisu, with two forks. He moved his chair to sit next to her and they shared the decadent treat. They were sitting so close, she could feel his gaze heavy on her as she tasted her first bite. He took another piece on his fork and fed it to her. Chills ran through her as her body broke out in goose bumps. It seemed to take hours to eat that little dessert.
“Everything is wonderful, Kris. The food, the dancing, the roses… everything.”
He leaned over and kissed her lips. “You deserve it,” he said looking into her eyes. “It being our first Valentine’s Day and all.”
She kissed him. His lips tasted like Tiramisu. She appreciated him making a big fuss out of their first Valentine’s Day together; he really was one of a kind.
When Kris started to take the dishes into the kitchen, Kat helped. After they were all brought in and put away, she thanked him for such a wonderful evening.
“It isn’t over yet…” He smiled slyly at her. He put out the fire pit and tiki torches, locked the doors leading out to the porch, and led her upstairs.
“I think I know where this is going…” She laughed softly.
Kris opened his bedroom door, and Kat stepped inside. The room was dimly lit with candles, and rose petals were scattered on the bed. A dark red bedspread covered it, one she had never seen before, and soft music played in the background. He came up behind her, slowly grabbed her around the waist, moved her hair to one side, and started to kiss her neck.
Each time his lips grazed her skin, it sent electricity through her body. She closed her eyes and moaned as his lips slid down her neck to her shoulder. He unzipped her dress and slid the fabric off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. Warm, strong hands moved to the front of her, cupping her lace covered breasts, gently kneading and caressing them as he continued to kiss her neck and shoulders.
She gently stepped out of the fabric pooled at her ankles, picked the dress up, and tossed it over the nearest chair. Sliding off his jacket, she added it to the pile on the chair. Her lips brushed against his as she slowly unbuttoned his shirt. Then easing his shirt down each arm, she let it fall to the floor. Running her fingers down his biceps, she traced his muscles.
His control vanished. He pulled her in tight, and she let out a little scream. Feverishly he kissed her lips, while moving her slowly towards the bed.
She lightly fell back. He paused for a moment to admire her body, his eyes raking over her lingerie. Softly he lay on top of her. Her heart was pounding, her breathing quickening. The pressure of his body pressed up against hers made the fire inside her intensify. She let out a soft moan as he reached around and unhooked her bra, then slid it off her shoulders and to the floor.
Taking one of her breasts in his mouth, he flicked her nipple with his tongue, and sucked gently. She moaned, this time louder. Playing gently with her nipple, he slowly teased her. She could barely stand the heavy sensation that ran through her. Her body tingled as flames built up inside her, pushing her almost to the brink of pleasure with his tongue.
It’s not nice to tease, she thought.
Kris stood at the edge of the bed to unbutton his dress slacks and belt, then dropped them to the floor. She slid under the covers as he joined her. His body was so warm. Running her hands over his chest, she traced every bulging muscle. His nipples stood hard and erect, begging him to taste them.
Tilting her head towards his, their lips met. His tongue filled her mouth, wrestling with hers. His fingers fumbled at the waistband of her panties, slowly tearing them off her body. He pressed against her; she was more than ready for him. Sliding his boxers off him completely, she returned to his protruding manhood. She took his hot flesh in her hands; his head arched back at her touch. In one swift motion he rolled her on her back while kissing her lips.
She trembled, anticipating his touch. Her body yearned for him. Her passion was too much to contain any longer as he slipped on a condom and vigorously moved his length into her. He started out slow, watching as she squirmed with delight.
“More… please,” she begged.
Kris seemed happy to oblige. Moving her legs to rest at his hips, he thrust rapidly. She melted in his grasp, and with her body unable to resist him any longer, she came undone as he spilled into her. Kris collapsed exhausted beside her.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, baby,” she whispered.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, beautiful.” He tenderly moved a strand of hair that had fallen in front of her eyes.
They lay together for a while, until finally Kris turned to the nightstand. Picking up a heart-shaped box filled with candy, he handed it to her. “Treat?”
Candles beautifully lit the room. Beside the box of chocolate, there was a glass filled with more colorful candy hearts. These ones also only had a few sayings on them, “KISS ME” and “LOVE”. He is quite the romance planner, I like this… Flashing him a smile, she was unable to find words to express her happiness tonight.
They fed each other a few pieces of candy. Her head was spinning; she didn’t even notice there were two glasses of champagne on the table as well until Kris handed one to her.
Drinking their champagne in bed, Kat knew this was the perfect time to tell him. “Kris, thank you for everything. I love you.” She smiled as his face lit up.
“I’m so glad, baby. I want you to know that you, and only you, have my heart. Kat, you’re the only one for me.” Kris set both of their glasses on the table. Pulling her close to him, he kissed her.

****

“Hey, beautiful!” Kris walked in the door and called. She trotted down the stairs, her long brown hair bouncing softly with her as she landed on each step.
“Hey, handsome…” She smiled.
Kris chuckled as she danced around like a little kid, excited for her sister to come over. She hadn’t seen enough of Gia since she got back from Florida.
“How was practice?” Silly question. He was on the ice, playing hockey; of course it was great. He could do that for hours.
“Great, as usual.” Kris smirked. “You’re in a good mood, I see.” He took the sandwiches and salad that he’d bought for this afternoon into the kitchen.
She spied a box from the bakery. “Bakery?” Kris knew she loved her goodies.
She giggled, as he kissed her smiling lips. No longer having the heavy feelings of self-consciousness, she was eager to see what wonderful surprise he brought her.
“Maybe…” He smiled. “It’s nice to see you this happy, it really is.” 
“Babe, I’ve been happy since we met.” But she did agree that today she was extra giddy.
“I know, but this is a whole different level of happy, and I like it.” He leaned in for another kiss.
“Okay, I have to get ready!” She raced up to their bedroom with Kris chasing behind her. She let out a playful squeal.
“I have to get ready! Don’t chase me!”
“Okay, okay, relax. I won’t chase you. Go get ready.”
Kat stood at her closet, smiling for no reason. She was happy that friends were coming over, but she was mainly excited that her sister was going to finally meet Kris. She grabbed a pair of jeans, flip flops and a black off-the-shoulder shirt with a yellow tank top underneath. She admired herself in the mirror. Very nice. She didn’t know when it happened exactly, but little by little, her negative body image had changed. She finally liked what she saw staring back at her in the mirror.
“Hey, I like it!” Kris said as he walked into the bedroom. He looked good in blue jeans, black Converse tennis shoes, and a short-sleeved black t-shirt that hugged his muscular frame. He put on a black hooded sweatshirt that zipped up the front over the tee. He also wore a white baseball cap, backwards as usual.
“You look very handsome yourself.” She wrapped her arms around his waist under his jacket and leaned up for a kiss as the doorbell rang.
“Gia is here!” Kat yelled, before running down the stairs and darting to the front door.
“Kat!” Gia screeched as the door swung open. Kat pulled her sister into a tight hug. It had been more than a few months since they’d seen each other.
“G! Come in, come in.” She closed the door behind Gia. “Gia, this is Kris.”
“Well hellooo sexy,” Gia said, in a faux sexy voice, as she walked into the foyer. She looked Kris up and down, circling him. Gia was a petite girl, with long, straight, very dark hair accented by a few subtle blonde highlights. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail today, and her long bangs fell into her eyes, with a few strands framing her face. She smirked at him, showing a devilish grin.
“Hey! Hands off, sis! He’s mine!” Kat laughed. “Kris, this is my sister, Gianna, or Gia as we call her. G, behave!”
Kris put out his hand to shake Gia’s. His expression turned to surprise when she grabbed him and pulled him into a hug. “It is so nice to meet you! I’ve heard so much about you.” She looked him up and down after letting him go. “Lucky, lucky girl…” she said to Kat and shook her head, smiling.
Kris smiled as Kat grabbed him around his waist and snuggled into his side. “I know, right?” She giggled, feeling slightly protective.
“It’s nice to finally meet you, Gia.” Kris said. She had on a Tyler Kidd t-shirt, jeans and flip flops. Her eyes were big, just like Kat’s, except hers were brown.
“You two are way too cute together!” Gia laughed, pointing at them. “Okay, so when can I get a beer?”
Kat shook her head. That’s my sister.
They led Gia to the kitchen, and Kris grabbed a few beers out of the refrigerator while the girls sat around the high top breakfast nook.
Kris’s phone rang. “Excuse me, ladies.” He walked into the living room. “Hello?”
“Wow, hot and has manners, impressive.” Gia giggled. “I bet the sex is amazing… especially with a body like that…”
Kat wanted to ignore that, but couldn’t help but giggle.
They could hear Kris talking from the living room. “Yeah, that’s no problem… You can stop over tonight… Okay, I’ll see you then. Bye, bro.”
“Everything all right, Kris?” Kat asked as he returned to the kitchen.
“Yep. Ty just needs to talk something over with me, so he’ll be stopping by later. Matt and Lindsey should be here soon, and I’m hungry, so let’s get the food out!” Taking the food out of the fridge he set the tray on the counter, just as the doorbell rang. “That’ll be Matt and Lindsey. I’ll just go let them in.”
Kat brought the sandwiches over to the table. Kris came back in with Matt and Lindsey, and introduced them both to Gia. Then he waited until the girls took their food, before filling his plate. He quietly sipped on his beer as the girls caught up.
The cookies and cupcake Kris had picked up were displayed in the middle of the table. Kat passed around some sandwiches to Lindsey and Matt.
“So, Kris…” Gia started, taking a bite of her food. “You treating my sis good?” She narrowed her eyes and looked at Kris, but she couldn’t keep herself from laughing and broke into giggles. “Just kidding, Kris. I obviously have no poker face. I can tell she’s happy, and that’s all I need to know.”
“I heard that, G!” Kat said, putting the tray back on the table. “He does make me very happy,” Kat said, smiling at Kris.
“Obviously. I mean, just look at him, he’s hot as hell!” Gia said matter of factly, then started to giggle. “By the way, sis, is that the new ride in the driveway?” Gia asked.
“Oh! Yes it is!” Kat beamed. Out of the corner of her eye, she thought she saw Matt elbow Lindsey, but then Lindsey spoke.
“It’s a beautiful car, Kat.” Lindsey kept smiling, so Kat decided she must’ve imagined Matt’s nudge.
“Hot boyfriend, hot car, awesome house… damn girl!” Gia laughed.
“Stop it, G…” Kat’s face reddened. She noticed the strange look Matt gave Kris, and Kris’s frown and tiny shake of the head made her stomach clench. Surely they didn’t think Gia was serious?
“Well, you can’t say it isn’t true… that’s all I’m sayin’.” Gia smirked, taking a bite of a cupcake. “Guys, this food is great. I need to eat out this way more often!” She stuffed her face with cookies, and everyone started joining in to tell Kris how great the food was, so Kat relaxed.
“Maybe if you ever get your own place, you can move out this way…” Kat teased, and in return Gia threw a piece of food at Kat.
“Yeah, possibly. This is a really nice house, Kris. Got a pool I see.” Gia said with her mouth full.
“Thanks, yep, pool and hot tub. Sometime when we’re on a road trip Kat should have you over. There’s plenty of extra room. You know, keep her company.” Kris said.
Ding-dong. Ding-dong.
“I’ll get it, I’m sure it’s Ty.” Kris excused himself from the table.
Kat heard them talking before they appeared in the kitchen. “Hey, Ty, how are you?” Kat asked.
“Hi, Kat, I’m good, and yourself?” Tyler’s gaze landed on Gia sitting there in her Kidd shirt. “I am so sorry. I didn’t know you had company! Kris, we could’ve done this another time. It’s really not that important and I don’t want to interrupt…”
“Ty, it’s fine. You’re not interrupting. When Kris said you might come by, we asked Matt and Linds over as well. This is my sister Gia. Gia, this is Tyler—” Before she could finish her introductions, Gia interrupted her.
“Kidd! Tyler Kidd!” Gia blurted out starry eyed, then quickly covered her mouth.
“G, do I need to hold you back?” Kat laughed as Gia made a fool out of herself. “Yes, G. Tyler Kidd. The Tyler Kidd.” She whispered in Gia’s ear, “Now relax and be cool, please! Crazy fans freak him out.” Gia blushed, her eyes still wide.
“Sorry about that, Tyler,” Kat apologized.
Tyler just smiled, his eyes not leaving Gia, even once he spoke. “Not a problem, Kat. Not at all.”
“Ladies, we have a few things to talk about. Afterwards, how about you join us for some drinks, Ty? You can stay a while, right?” Kris asked, ignoring Gia and her ridiculous outburst.
“Yeah, I can stay for a while, that sounds great.” They turned to go down to the basement bar area. “Nice to meet you, Gia.” Tyler grinned at her before walking away.
“Holy shit, what was that?” Kat giggled.
“What was what?” Gia shot Kat a look.
“Did you see how he smiled at you before they went downstairs?” Kat giggled.
“No. I didn’t notice. But… out of curiosity, is he seeing anyone?”
Kat just shook her head. “Oh, Gia…”

****

“So, what did you want to talk about Ty?” Kris asked, offering Tyler a seat at the bar.
“Well, first I need to ask you something. Is Gia seeing anyone?” Tyler asked, wringing his hands as he talked.
“I don’t really know. Honestly, I just met her myself. I can find out.” Uh-oh, looks like someone is interested in Gia. He shook his head. “But let’s get back to why you’re here. What’s going on? You wanted to talk about something.” 
“Well, I’ve heard from Ben that we might be signing someone new this summer. Are you aware of this?” Tyler was a young captain, but he took his leadership job very seriously.
“Yeah, I may have heard a little about it. Why do you ask, Ty?” Kris knew exactly what he was talking about. Tyler was talking about Patrick. Kris wasn’t supposed to be talking to anyone about it. It had to be kept quiet until everything was finalized. The Renegades wanted his cousin, and Patrick wanted to play for the Renegades. LA agreed to keep it on the down low for now; they didn’t want any other teams swooping in and taking him.
“I guess I’m asking for your opinion, because you’re close to the situation. Ben has asked me what I think, and I want to make sure you’re okay with it.”
“Yes, I think it’s a good move. The Renegades can use someone like that and we’ll work great together, professionally. I don’t foresee any problems with that.” He patted Tyler on the shoulder. Kris felt like he was talking in secret code, but he was trying to get around saying too much. In addition to keeping things quiet, not many people knew he and Patrick were cousins. Kris was looking forward to having him here. “Since that’s settled, you ready to head upstairs and have a beer?”
Tyler nodded and smiled. “Sure. A beer sounds good.”
As they started up the stairs, Matt came down.
“What’s up, bro?” Kris asked Matt. Matt glanced in Ty’s direction. 
“Right,” Ty said. “I’ll just go get that beer and talk to the girls for a while.” He went on upstairs, leaving Matt and Kris to talk.
Kris didn’t like the guarded look in Matt’s eye, but he knew he had to let him talk. “What’s on your mind, Matt?”
Matt looked down at the floor and shifted his weight awkwardly. “I wasn’t going to say anything. But then Kat’s sister was going on and on about the car and the house…”
Kris stared at him. “This isn’t about you thinking Kat’s just in it with me for the money again, is it? Because if it is—”
“Kris, do you remember Joey Richards?”
Kris frowned, wondering what Matt could be getting at this time. “Yeah…” he said cautiously. “He was on the last year of his contract, but I was still pretty new and didn’t have much contact with him. Why?”
“Yeah, well, Anna sure did.”
“What are you talking about?”
“He’d already made his mind up that he was going to retire at the end of that year, but teams were flocking to him, flashing all kinds of dollar signs for him to move.”
“Right, I remember that. I also know that he was suffering from headaches and vision issues due to so many concussions. He had no intention of playing another year. What’s that got to do with Anna?”
“Right, but he just let them talk. And they sure talked, to anyone that would listen. Well, somehow Anna got wind of it all. Next thing I knew, she was cuddling up to him.”
Heat that he recognized as anger rushed through Kris’s veins. “How? When? She was with me!”
“Dude, you were in the gym twenty-four seven, don’t you remember?”
He took a deep breath. It really didn’t surprise him. “Oh, yeah.”
“I walked in on them one day in the locker room showers. He’d fallen for her antics—she was young and pretty and he was, well, old. He didn’t have girls falling at his feet the way you did, until Anna. She promised him she’d go with him if he took Vancouver’s offer; it was the top one.”
“And leave me…” Just thinking about Anna and her manipulative ways made his stomach turn.
“Sorry, dude. Anyway, he didn’t want to play anymore, his body couldn’t handle it. I had the ill-fated luck of walking in on that too. This time they were in the parking garage. Well, all I saw was the fight. She was pissed. She told him if he didn’t take that offer, he was nothing but an old, washed-up has-been. I think he was wise to her games, because after she stormed away he saw me and needed to talk. So we went for drinks.”
Kris dropped his head into his hands. He’d known Anna could be greedy, but he’d never suspected she was capable of something this low.
“You okay? Want me to stop?”
Matt looked guilty, but Kris shook his head. It wasn’t Matt’s fault. “No, I need to hear this. Please, go on.”
“Okay. Well, like any older guy, he was blinded by a hot young body. I mean, who wouldn’t be? He really thought she cared, and would go with him once he retired and left Pittsburgh. But she kept pressuring him about the other contracts. Plus, do you remember the things she would show up with? New fur and leather coats, shoes, expensive purses? Did you ever wonder how she got the money to buy them?”
Kris shook his head, his mind reeling with all this information. Sure Anna was a bitch, but at the time he never imagined she would’ve done that to him. But it all made sense. Because back then, Joey’s contracts were worth a lot more than Kris’s.
“He did it to keep her content, because when she was happy, he was happy. If you know what I mean.”
“Oh God, just finish the story.”
“Once he realized she was only in it for his money, he just used her for the sex. As a matter of a fact when I saw them arguing in the parking garage, she’d just sucked him off. Then he told her he wasn’t going to sign with anyone, that he was done with the game for good.”
Kris narrowed his eyes, thinking back. “That would be why she got so clingy. She was afraid I would find out. Why didn’t you tell me at the time?”
“I’m not real sure. I guess you seemed happy. But when you got blindsided with the whole baby daddy thing, I thought that was enough pain caused by her. Then she was gone for good, so I didn’t see any point saying anything.”
“So what does any of this have to do with Kat? She isn’t anything like Anna. She actually works for her money, and she hates taking expensive gifts from me.”
Matt’s lips lifted in an almost sneer. “But she does take them, right?”
“I don’t like where you’re going with this. She’s not Anna.”
“You heard what her sister said, right?”
Kris let out a harsh breath. “That was just talk. Gia was only trying to be cute and funny. And what’s wrong with pointing out the obvious? I do have a nice home.”
Matt rolled his eyes in frustration. “I don’t want the same thing to happen to you again. If Anna can screw another guy right under your nose, don’t think Kat can’t do the same thing.”
“Watch what you’re saying, bro. I know Kat, and I trust her.”
Matt looked at him, then shrugged as if he knew nothing he said about Kat would have any effect. “I remember how broken up you were over that Anna thing. All I’m saying is be careful. Keep your eyes open.”
“Thanks for your concern. But I can look after myself and Kat.”
Kris walked up the stairs and Matt followed him from the basement.
“Hey, guys, everything okay?” Kat asked, looking between the two of them with a worried expression.
“Yep, all good,” Matt answered, his stare falling back onto Kat.
“How about we take this out to the porch?” Kris asked handing out beers.
Everyone in agreement, they sat down on the patio. The night air was a little chilly, but Kris lit the fire pit.
“So, Gia, obviously, you’re a Tyler Kidd fan?” As soon as the words came out of Kris’s mouth, Gia blushed. Must be a Torella girls thing. He loved when Kat blushed, but wasn’t expecting Gia to be so easily flustered. She seemed much more outgoing and mischievous than Kat. Maybe he was wrong.
Gia looked at her beer and smiled, “Well duh, Captain Obvious.” Snapping playfully, she rolled her dark eyes. “Yes, I’ve always been a big fan. Your jerseys are the only ones I own.” Her face grew a darker shade of red.
“Well, that’s nice to hear. Thanks.” Tyler grinned.
“Well hell…” Kat mumbled, getting up to get another beer.
“I’m right behind you, babe,” Kris said, following her into the house. “You think this is okay?” he whispered to Kat.
“Hey, I’m not my sister’s keeper; she’s a big girl. I think I’m more worried about Tyler!” Kat laughed.
Kris could hear the two of them talking quietly outside. Why was she more worried about Tyler? Matt’s warning words echoed through his mind. “Wait! What do you mean by that?” Kris called after Kat, but she was already on her way back out to the porch.
“Gia, are you behaving yourself out here?”
“Of course I am!” Gia snapped playfully. “We were just talking.”
“Kat, Gia was just telling me that she’s a big Renegades fan.” Tyler took a drink of his beer.
“She’s a big fan all right,” Kat said sarcastically, then added, “fangirl.”
“Hey!” Gia whined with a laugh. “Look who’s talking!”
“Yeah, babe, she has a poin—” Kris tried to say before Kat elbowed him in the ribs.
Tyler was drinking his beer, trying not to laugh and almost choked.
Matt stood, his face serious. “I think we’ll head home, I’m beat.” He offered his hand to Lindsey and helped her up.
“Thanks for having us,” Lindsey said. She came over to Kat and gave her a hug, before turning to Gia. “It was nice to meet you Gia, I hope we can all catch up again soon.”
“I’d love that,” Gia said with a smile.
Kris walked them to the door and a minute later he was back. 
“On that note, anyone need another beer or something to eat?” he asked. 
“Nope, I have to drive home. I will take a water and a cookie,” Gia said.
“Yeah, me too, Kris, minus the cookie. You want some help?” Tyler asked.
“No thanks, Ty, I’ll help him.” Kat got up and followed Kris back to the kitchen.
Kris plated a few cookies. “Kat, can you grab the waters?” Looking up, he saw her peering out the window. “What are you doing?”
“Shh!” she scolded.
“Well, what are you doing?” He whispered, coming up beside her. “Leave them alone, jeez.” He pulled her from the window towards the refrigerator. “Now please grab them some waters.”
“I just wanted to see—”
“No.” He stopped her.
“But what if they—”
“No.”	
“Kris!” She whined.
“What? You said you weren’t her keeper. Prove it!”
“Fine. Two waters coming up!” She stuck her tongue out at him before a sweet smile crossed her lips.
“C’mere, baby.” He dragged her to him, pressing his mouth to her pouty lips. “She’s a big girl, you said it yourself. Plus, Ty is a good guy. Maybe Gia is destined to be with a hockey player, too?”
“Let’s not get too carried away yet.” A crooked grin formed on her lips.
She pushed the hair away from his face before his lips took over hers.
“Hey Kris! Did you guys get lost?” Tyler yelled in the door.
“Ha ha, funny. We’re coming,” Kris called. “We should get back to our guests,” he said to Kat.
“Yeah you should!” Gia called from the porch.
Kat just shook her head with a laugh. “Tactful.”
Kat and Kris returned with the drinks and cookies. They handed Tyler and Gia their waters, and Kris and Kat sipped on their beers.
“Cookies!” Gia dove at the treats like a little kid.
Kat again just shook her head, but this time her face was beaming red. Gia was more of a treat addict than Kat.
“Tyler, you might want to get one before she devours the whole plate.” Kat teased.
“Don’t listen to her, Tyler. She secretly wants them all for herself,” Gia retorted.
“No I don’t!” Kat whined.
Tyler laughed, “Sisters.”
“So, Gia likes her junk food too? Is this another Torella girls thing?” Kris asked.
“Sort of. I think it’s more of a Torella sisters thing.” Gia picked up another cookie, after quickly inhaling the first.
“So anyway…” Kat redirected the conversation. “Gia is coming to a game with me, I can’t wait! It’s gonna be fun!”
“Yeah, you’ll love the luxury box, everybody does,” Kris added.
“I haven’t been to a game yet this season. I’ve been out of town, in the Florida Keys,” Gia started to explain to Tyler. “So I’m really looking forward to this!”
“You can always go with Kat to any game, Gia.” Kris offered.
“That would be great!” Kris saw Gia glance over at Tyler, and when she caught him watching her, she blushed deep pink.
“Okay, well I’m gonna get going too, Kris.” Tyler stood. “Gia, it was very nice to meet you.” He smiled at her, gently shaking her hand. 
“Nice to meet you too, Tyler.” Gia smiled.
“Maybe I’ll see you soon?” he said to Gia, before turning back to Kat. “Kat, it’s always a pleasure. Thanks for the beer, Kris.”
Kris walked him to the door. 
Returning to the porch, he caught Kat and Gia whispering. “Look how cute you two are! Were you guys always close? Even growing up?”
“Of course!” Gia said. “Do you have any siblings, Kris?”
“Well, I don’t have any brothers or sisters.” Gia looked sad for him for a second, so he quickly continued. “I grew up living in the same neighborhood as my cousin. We’re the same age, so we were always really close, kinda like brothers. He’s my best friend. So in a way, I do have a brother.” He shrugged.
“Aw! That is so sweet. Where does he live now? Obviously you’re from Canada, with that accent.”
Kris shook his head, laughing. He was starting to understand why Kat said she was more worried about Tyler. Seemed like Gia could be a handful—an amusing handful—but a handful none the less. “He’s actually in Los Angeles right now.”
“I can tell you, Kris, this is the happiest I have seen my sister. Ever.”
Kris scooted next to Kat and slid his arm around her shoulders. As he did, he bumped his baseball cap on the chair and it fell off. Flipping his hair out of his eyes, he pushed it back behind his ear. A small strand flopped back into his face. Kat ran her hands through his hair, as he kissed her lips softly.
Gia groaned in the background. “Oh! How cute!”
“Shut it!” Kat snapped at her, giggling. “Jealous much?”
“Funny,” Gia retorted.
“So, you and Ty hit it off?” Kris asked her.
“Yeah. I guess.” She shrugged. “Okay, well, it’s getting late. I better head out. I’ll see you both tomorrow.” Gia hugged Kat, “Love you sis.” Then she hugged Kris. “Damn, he is hot,” she said as she copped a feel, grabbing his ass and making Kris jump.
“Hey! Hands off, sis!” Kat laughed.
They stood on the porch and watched until Gia’s car disappeared down the street. “So, what’s the deal with her and Ty?” He figured that’s what they were whispering about.
“Well, all I know is that they exchanged phone numbers. But I saw the way Ty looked at her, Kris…” Kat laughed.
“Yeah, me too,” He answered, shaking his head.

****

The next morning Kris’s phone rang as they were eating breakfast. “Hey, bro!” he said as he picked it up. He moved from the table to the counter to refill his coffee, and so he wasn’t talking in Kat’s ear. “That’s awesome! Yeah, I guess if you can’t be playing then this is the next best thing, watching me! Ha! You gonna sit in the owner’s box or players’? Okay, sounds like a plan. How long you staying? Where are you staying? Downtown William Penn, okay. See you then. Have a safe trip in. Later.”
Kat just stared at him as she ate her breakfast. He sat back down beside her. Knowing she was curious, he set his phone down, picked his fork back up and started to eat without saying a word. But he knew her eyes were fixed on him and couldn’t hold a straight face very long, so he started to laugh. “I guess you want to know what that was about?”
“Duh…” She laughed and shoved at his shoulder.
“It was my cousin.” He could see the annoyed look on her face as he continued to eat, but decided to keep playing along.
“Okay, you’re lucky you’re so sexy, ’cause you’re getting on my nerves! Obviously that was an interesting call, because the look on your face was, well, it made me want to know what was being said!” Kat said in a huff.
“Alright, sheesh. Relax, cutie.” He smiled at her. “It was Patrick. He’ll be at the game tonight. But he’ll be in the owner’s box. Apparently, Ben invited him; he has some business to discuss with Pat.” Kris shrugged. “And before you ask, I’m not sure why Ben wants to talk to Pat. He and Pat have been buddies since the AHL, so maybe it’s nothing. Especially since Pat’s season is over.” He felt bad he couldn’t tell Kat everything, but he would as soon as he could. He probably shouldn’t have even told her that Patrick was meeting with the team’s owner.
“Okay.” She put her plate in the dishwasher.
“He’s coming down to the locker room before the game to see me, so I doubt I’ll get to introduce you today, but I was thinking of having him over this summer. It’d be nice to have him here and I’d love for you to meet him. Plus, I don’t get to see him often enough.”
“Yeah, that sounds really great. Maybe we could have a pool party this summer?”
“Yeah,”—he grabbed her around the waist—“that sounds like a great idea! We can cookout and have some of the guys over. I know Pat would love to see them. You can invite Gia too.”
CHAPTER 19

It was the first game of the championship Cup Playoffs. They pulled into the arena garage and saw Gia’s car already there. They found her in the lobby, looking at all the cool interactive Renegades stuff, decked out in her Tyler Kidd gear.
“Hey, G!” Kat called. “Ready? Kris has to get down to the locker room, so we can head up to the box.” Kat turned to Kris, wrapping her arms around him and taking his lips with hers. “Good luck out there, handsome.” He walked away, but not before he slapped her ass. “Hey!” She squealed.
“You know you liked it…” He chuckled. “Love you, beautiful.” They parted ways. Kris disappeared down the hall towards the locker room while the girls headed upstairs.
“So, we’re sitting in the owner’s box?” Gia asked.
“Not the owner’s box. We sit in the players’ box. The girlfriends and wives sit there.”
“Oh, okay. Have you met any of them yet?”
“Some of them, yeah. They’re all very nice. Okay, here we are.” Kat pointed.
“Nice!” Gia said as they walked into the Renegades Club.
There were two girls already there, sipping mixed drinks, and a third walked in right after they did. “Hi!” Kat called.
“Hi Kat!” Lindsey came over. “You remember Emily and Trish right?”
“Sure. Hi, ladies!” Kat said. “And this is my sister, Gia.”
All the girls gathered to greet Kat and Gia, then they all helped themselves to the bar.
Before warm ups started, Kat was watching the ice and saw Kris come out by himself, but there was a man she didn’t recognize at first, standing along the bench, talking to him.
“Hey, who’s that out there with Kris?” Gia asked.
The other girls came over to look, but none of them were sure. Then the rest of the team came out to warm up while Coach Walker stood by the bench, talking to the mystery man. Kat wondered if it was Patrick; it was hard to tell from all the way up here. After all, she’d only ever seen him on television, or on the internet. Gia slid beside her with a beer for herself and an Apple Martini for Kat.
“Hey, thanks, sis!” Kat said, taking a sip. “We obviously like to drink a little during the games.”
“Who doesn’t?” Gia laughed as she took a swig of her beer.
Just then, Mike the senior citizen concessions stand worker, showed up with the girls’ favorite game time snack, pretzels and chocolate. “Hi, ladies! Look at all the pretty girls!” He waved at them. “Kat, a little birdie told me that your sister was here tonight, so I brought an order of nachos and cheese too.” He smiled.
“Thanks, Mike! What do I owe you for them?” she asked, as she grabbed her purse.
“Nothing. They’re all taken care of.” He waved his hand as she tried to pay him.
It must’ve been Kris. She gave Mike a nice tip and he smiled very appreciatively.
“Kris is spoiling you, I see,” Lindsey said, coming to stand next to Kat.
“I know.” Kat laughed. “He knows my weaknesses.”
Lindsey smiled. “Matt spoils me a bit much, too.” She paused. “But I don’t expect him to.”
Kat’s smiled dropped a little. “I don’t expect Kris to do these things either. He’s just really thoughtful.”
“Kat, about Matt—”
“Hey you two! The game’s about to start,” Emily called.
When the game started, all the girls were seated, overlooking the arena with their snacks and drinks, and the exchange with Lindsey was forgotten. Each girl kept a close eye on the ice, praying no one would get hurt tonight. The national anthem was sung, and the puck ready to drop. Kris skated onto the ice with the first line. Kat nibbled on snacks, trying to tame the rapid beating of her heart.
The game started out intense. The boys had the puck down, poised to score; Kris got his chance and shot it hard from the blue line to the net. It flew right over the goaltender’s shoulder!
“GOAL!” Kat screamed. “Yay Kris! Wooo!” She smiled at the sexy, sweaty image of him on the jumbotron screen.
Gia laughed at her sister. “You’re such a dork.”
Coach Walker switched lines after the play and Kris sat on the bench. He immediately looked up at the luxury box and smiled. Butterflies danced around in Kat’s stomach. 
Gia broke the nervous silence in the box and started clapping her hands and chanting “Let’s go Renegades!” 
Trish giggled at Gia. The tension started to break up as they all started to cheer and clap along with her.
The Renegades were really dominating New York, not allowing many shots on their goal, and barely letting New York even touch the puck. Luckily there weren’t many cheap shots until the third period. The Renegades were up 3–2, and Kris had one goal and two assists; he was on fire tonight. During the third period, a Renegades forward checked a New York defenseman into the boards, but he did it so hard that the other player flew face first into the glass. There was blood everywhere and the New York player had to leave the ice. Even if it was just a broken nose, he was done for the night. Almost as soon as play restarted, a New York player came right off their bench, made a beeline for the Renegades captain, and punched Tyler right in the face.
Gia cringed, covering her face with her hands. A brawl started between two Renegades forwards and two New York players.
At this point there were just two minutes left in the game, so the Renegades tried their very best to stay clear of New York’s temper tantrums, and let time run out. The Renegades kept control of the puck and pretty much just skated around with it. The game ended 3–2.
The girls made their way downstairs to the locker area and waited anxiously in the hallway.
“I can’t believe I’m waiting outside of the Renegades locker room! Eeeek!” Gia squealed.
As the media cleared out, Kat waved to Todd, the Renegades reporter for the Post. They worked in the same office; he always got to cover the Renegades. Lucky. But maybe, with the help of her article about Dominic, she could work into being his assistant.
The team started to file out into the hallway, dressed in their suits. Kat laid eyes on her superstar immediately.
Kris hurried to her, grabbing her and lifting her slightly up off the floor, as his lips came down onto hers.
“Nice goal, babe!” She squealed once he came up for air. “I should say nice game. You were on fire out there tonight.”
“Thanks!” He looked pumped from that rush, having ended the night with three points, one on each goal. His smile wide and bright never left his face. He must’ve still been flying high from the adrenaline.
“Aww… so cute! Hey Kris, thanks for letting me watch from the box tonight, it was awesome! By the way lover boy, nice lavender suit and purple tie…” Gia giggled.
“Don’t worry.” He smirked. “It won’t be on long anyway…” He smiled at Kat while she giggled and tried to hide her warming cheeks. Kris kissed her again, biting at her bottom lip.
“Oh, you two! Gross… Enough is enough!” Gia groaned. Then her smile faded. “But seriously, is Tyler okay?” 
“Yes, Gia. Tyler will be just fine,” Kris answered.
He looked back at the locker room door just as Tyler walked out. He had a swollen lip, but other than that he was fine. Tyler’s eyes found Gia standing with them. She bit her lip and smiled nervously.
“Hey, Ty. Now you look like a real hockey player!” Kris teased, and mussed Tyler’s hair. 
Tyler greeted the girls. “Hi, Kat.” He turned his smile to her sister. “Hi there, Gia. I was wondering would you maybe want to go get some coffee or something?” 
Gia winced at the sight of his swollen, red lip.
“Trust me, it looks worse that it is.” Tyler winked.
Kat laughed to herself. Coffee, huh? Well, I know where that’s going! It all sounded too familiar to her.
“Yeah, I would.” Gia smiled. “Well, guys, I guess I am gonna go. Talk to you later, Kat.” Gia flashed Kat the shut up look.

****

The whole drive home, Kris was still on a rush from the awesome game. “You look like a little boy, bouncing around over there.” Kat laughed as she watched him.
When they got home, he went to prepare their after-game snack while she went upstairs to change. Returning to the kitchen, her stomach was giddy with anticipation. She couldn’t wait to see his reaction once he realized that all she had on was a Lafleur jersey. 
It was long, falling about mid-thigh on her. And she knew with him being so fired up from the game, this should put him over the edge.
Kris leaned against the counter drinking a bottle of water. Once he noticed that she didn’t have any pants under that jersey, he about choked as he drank.
“So, where are those sandwiches?” Kat snickered, and went on like nothing was amiss, taking the plates to their seats. Hopping up on the stool, she crossed her bare legs, and took a bite of her turkey sandwich.
Kris was motionless at the counter, and she was enjoying his reaction. If he was a cartoon character, his tongue would be rolled out onto the floor, and his eyes bulging out of his head. She held her best poker face until he sat next to her. They ate their sandwiches in silence, but she could feel the electricity radiating from him. Kris kept staring at her bare legs and shifting his position. She wasn’t blind; she knew what he was doing. All his sexy glances turned her on, but she did her best to ignore them. After they ate, she put their dirty dishes in the sink. She knew Kris had snuck up behind her; she could feel the heat coming from his body. And as she turned around, she stepped right into him.
He looked her over and said, “Nice sweater…” He ran his hands up the back of her bare thighs. Lifting her jersey he continued to run his hands up her body.
She had on panties, but they were sheer, and skimpier than any she normally wore.
“What are you trying to do to me?” He laughed. Holding her jaw in his hand he leaned down and kissed her hard. “You’ve teased me long enough. I can’t take anymore.”
Kris grabbed her up and carried her upstairs. “After the excitement of tonight… damn, this is hot!”
When they got to the top of the stairs, Kris dropped her to her feet, and chased her into the bedroom. Kat gasped as he grabbed her from behind, lifting her slightly up off of the floor.
“Kris! Put me down!” She giggled.
“Why should I?” Kris said, as he set her back on the ground.
She whirled around and grabbed his shirt, pulling him to her. Swiftly, she slid the shirt off, and unbuttoned his pants. She shoved him lightly onto the bed, and he propped himself up on some pillows, watching her every movement. Kat dragged his pants off, and climbed onto his lap. She could feel his warmth through his boxers. She made a little grinding movement on him, teasing him, before lifting her hockey jersey off. The sight of her bare breasts made him harder; she could feel it. He reached up to feel her breasts, skimming his fingers over her nipples, then swiftly flipped her onto the bed.
Kat drew in a quick breath, as Kris slid off her panties, and kicked off his shorts. Then he ran his hands up her over hips to the curves of her rib cage as he positioned himself between her legs. He slid his fingers upwards along her neck, and into her hair, then pulled her face to his and kissed her madly. As he kissed her, he pushed into her. Throwing her head back, her fingers gripped the sheets beneath her as a moan escaped her lips.
Kris kept thrusting hard, filling her to the hilt, drawing back before pushing in again, and just when she couldn’t stand anymore, they exploded together. He pulled her hips close to his while she still thrashed under him.
When she’d come down from the waves of pleasure, Kris curled his hot, sweaty body behind hers, cuddling her in his arms. “God, I love you, beautiful,” he whispered in her ear.
Kat smiled, and pressed her bare body back against his. “I love you too.”

****

The boys moved to the second series after winning four games in a row. Kat had been worried Boston would be their opponent for the second series. But they choked and were already out of the playoffs, which was fine with her. She didn’t need another match-up between Kris and Rancy, or the possibility of another appearance from Anna.
The second round was a rough one. The boys got into a few more scrums than usual, playing off their emotions more than normal. Even Kris, who didn’t typically fight. But he was shoved a lot by New Jersey and tripped a few times. 
Kat noticed a retaliatory shove from Kris and some barking going on. He slammed his stick into the boards and was screaming at the ref. She knew he was close to losing his cool and about to drop the gloves when the ref pulled him back. Quite frankly it was hot. She liked watching him being tough out there. The boys ended up easily taking the series from New Jersey.
So much had been going on, trying to cover her assignments at work, spending time with Gia, and all the excitement about the games, so the next two rounds were a blur. But here it was. Game four of the Cup Finals. The crowd in Rivers Arena was going nuts. The Renegades could take it all tonight, or Detroit could push it to a game five.
“I think this is the loudest it’s ever been in here,” Lindsey commented. It was the third period and the Renegades were leading 2–1. “All they have to do is hold them off from scoring…”
Emily knocked on the table. “Shhh! Don’t jinx them!”
“Kaden is a crazy good goalie, you don’t need to worry—” Gia started to say, but Emily interrupted her.
“C’mon, guys! Don’t jinx this!” Emily was mad superstitious. The girls normally just humored her, but tonight she was extra stressed, so Gia closed her mouth.
Kat was downing beers to keep her nerves quiet, and hadn’t eaten much all night. Her stomach hurt, twisted in knots. This could be it. She hadn’t seen Kris much that day, or all week for that matter. Coach kept the guys away from all distractions, but all she’d really wanted was to hold him.
Gia was spending a lot of time with Kat, both wishing their hockey player was at home with them. Kat shivered. She still hadn’t mastered dressing warm enough for the arena.
“I’m surprised Kris hasn’t had a blanket sent up for you,” Lindsey said, smiling.
Kat laughed. “If I admitted to him how often I forget my gloves, I’m sure he would. But it’s my fault I forget to dress warm enough, and anyway, he’s got enough to worry about without wondering if I’m cold or not. He just needs to concentrate on his job out there.”
Lindsey nodded. “How’s your job going by the way? Any plans to give up work, now that you and Kris are together?”
“Give up work?” Kat frowned. “What does that have to do with us being together?”
“Well, lots of wives and girlfriends give up their jobs so they can spend time with their men off season.” Lindsey shrugged. “It’s not as though they need the money.”
Kat hesitated. Kris had mentioned something about her not needing to work. But she’d brushed off the idea. She’d always taken care of herself, and with her background, she wouldn’t feel right if she let Kris take care of her completely. Maybe things would be different if they were married, or had children, but that was so far off in the future she couldn’t even think about it. A little worry nagged at her. Besides, what if things didn’t work out with Kris? 
“I haven’t even thought about not working,” she said to Lindsey. “I’m actually working on an article that might help me get a promotion.”
“That’s great.” Lindsey smiled. “I know Matt will be relieved to hear that.”
“Matt? Why would he—”
“Five minutes left!” Gia yelled.
Ugh. Kat took another big gulp of her beer. Gia reached over and grabbed Kat’s hand. “Don’t worry,” she whispered to Kat. 
Kat had been pretty quiet since the second period. She couldn’t help wondering what Lindsey had meant about Matt, and what it had to do with her job. She hoped Dominic hadn’t said anything to Matt about the interview, because she didn’t want Kris to find out until she’d submitted it to her boss. Then, if it got accepted, she’d tell Kris and they could celebrate together.
There was a break in the play. She turned towards the television in their box, and the camera was on the guys sitting on the bench; they were winded. Then it cut to Kris on the ice, ready for the puck to drop. He was drenched, sweat dripping off his hair, and face. He’d been on the ice almost the entire third period. But Kat knew she would never hear him complain about it.
She directed her attention back to the ice just in time to see another incredible stop by O’Conner. The girls cheered, while she just let out a breath. She was pretty sure she’d been holding her breath the whole game.
There was one-minute left in the game, and the guys were just playing keep away with the puck. The crowd started to chant… three… two… one… The buzzer sounded and the crowd yelled and screamed, tossing hats and towels into the air and onto the ice. The atmosphere was insane!
The announcers introduced the Renegades as the Cup champions.
The rest of the guys flooded off of the bench onto the ice, and gloves and sticks dropped everywhere as they hugged and congratulated each other. 
Kat jumped up so quickly her head spun and she almost fell over.
“Kat, you okay?” Gia called through the noise.
“Yeah, not sure if it’s all the beer, or lack of oxygen.” Kat called back. They won, they did it! Gia ran over to her, grabbed on and hugged her.
“They did it, Kat! Woooooo! “Gia yelled.
The girls looked on as the Cup was wheeled out onto the ice. Tears started to well up in Kat’s eyes. Why am I crying? That’s it, no more beer for me, she thought.
The team still celebrated on the ice. Giddy like little boys, they gave high fives and hugged one another. It was their moment; they earned this.
CHAPTER 20

Kris and Kat were eating breakfast on the porch in the warm sun. Summer was finally here, and now that Kris was home it was time for relaxing and fun.
“Have you heard from Gia since the other night at the game?” Kris asked.
“No. Why? When she came over to Ice with us afterwards, I lost her in all the chaos, but she texted me right before she left.” Kat flipped through a magazine while she ate.
“I was, uh, just wondering.” 
“Really? Just wondering? That was a pathetic attempt at covering your concern.” She giggled. “Why? You keeping tabs on her now? What are you worried about?” She looked up from her magazine and grinned. Kris was starting to become protective of Gia, like a little sister. It was cute.
“I was just wondering… Well, I saw her with Tyler at the party, then I lost track of Tyler too, so I was curious…”
“Yeah, I saw them at the party too.” Kris stared at her, not seeming at all satisfied with that answer, so Kat continued. “Yes, I saw them in the corner making out. They’re grown-ups, babe. Whatever they choose to do is none of our business. I know a hockey player who took a fan home as soon as he met her…” She laughed.
Kris shook his head and laughed. “Funny…” He rolled his eyes as he got up. “Time to get moving, funny girl.”
Things needed to be done around the house; this morning was the perfect opportunity. Kris worked on some landscaping in the back yard around the pool. And while Kat cleaned the living room, she couldn’t help watching him through the window. Sweat glistened on his forehead and his t-shirt clung to his rock-hard abs. 
He walked in the living room. “Like what you see?” His hair was sweaty and pushed back under his backwards baseball cap.
“Always…” Walking to him, she was careful not to touch him; he was nice to look at sweaty, but not to touch. Instead she kissed him gingerly on the lips.

****

Kris pulled into Matt’s driveway as his friend hurried out of the house and hopped into the Jeep Wrangler.
“Hey, bro. So you got out without any suspicion?” Matt asked.
“Yeah, no problem. You?” Kris hated lying to Kat, even if it was just a little white lie.
“Nah, we’re good.” Matt said. “Lindsey’s going over to your place later to hang by the pool with Kat.” As they took off, Matt turned to him. “I have to ask, bro. Are you absolutely sure you want to go through with this? You don’t have to.”
Kris had heard enough. He’d asked his friend here to help him, not start this again. “Seriously? You’re asking me this today?”
“I just want to make sure you’re one hundred percent sure it’s not a mistake. That you’re certain Kat isn’t like Anna. That she’s not in it for the money.”
Kris clenched his jaw and rubbed at his side burns. “This is the last time we’re having this conversation, Matt. She’s not like Anna. She’s not into the money.”
“But what about the car?”
“Sure, she accepted the Mustang, but I didn’t give her any choice.”
“What about spending?”
Kris sighed. “Yeah, that could be a problem.”
Matt leaned forward. “Really?”
“Yeah. I gave her my credit card, and you know what she did? She went on a huge shopping spree. She was really apologetic, so of course I forgave her. But…” He bit his lip and glanced over at Matt. “I couldn’t believe how much she spent.”
Matt winced. “That bad, huh? How much she do you for?”
“Five hundred dollars.”
Matt’s look was so funny, Kris almost burst out laughing.
“What?” Matt asked, frowning. “That’s it? Only five hundred?”
“What can I say? She’s a big spender.”
“Lindsey blows that much on one purse.”
Kris rolled his eyes. “I keep trying to tell you. Kat’s not like that. You know what else she does? She secretly buys groceries with her own money and sneaks them into the kitchen.”
Matt raised his eyebrows. “Why?”
Kris smiled. “She’s not used to having someone look after her, so she likes to feel like she’s contributing something financially. I’ve told her she should give up her job so we can spend more time together, but I haven’t convinced her yet.”
“Yeah. Linds told me Kat said she wasn’t going to stop working.” Matt was quiet for a minute. “Okay, I guess I can shut up about it then.” He grinned. 
Kris drove downtown to Goldstock’s jewelers. He’d heard good things about this place from the team’s owner. Kris wanted to make this special; he wanted nothing less than the best for his girl. He’d never looked at diamonds before and no idea what he was looking for. Matt had bought Lindsey a diamond a few years ago, so Kris really needed his friend’s help here. 
Kris looked in every case, just not sure what Kat would like. I really hope she’ll say yes. Why wouldn’t she? I mean… won’t she? His nerves were already getting the better of him. The words he’d told Matt came back to haunt him. She hadn’t wanted to give up her job. She wouldn’t let him fully take care of her. What if she wasn’t ready? Or maybe he just needed to make her see that he wanted nothing more than to give her everything and take care of her forever.
“Bro, look at these.” Matt interrupted his thoughts. He was talking to a salesgirl. “She suggests a few in here, take a look.” He pointed to a case in the back. “If you ask me, some of these look perfect for Kat.”
Kris looked, the salesgirl was right; the ring for Kat was in this case… somewhere. He knew she liked classic jewelry, and he was thinking white gold. Or was she more a fan of vintage? Or modern? Ugh, he was so confused. He looked over each of the rings the salesgirl pointed out to him. Some were too gaudy; he knew Kat would never wear those.
Then he saw it, the perfect ring for her, with a nice size diamond. He liked spoiling her and that was certainly one way. “Matt, look at this one.” The salesgirl lifted the ring out of the case for him, and set it on a black velvet pad. “This is it. This is perfect for her.”
Matt agreed. “You sure about this, bro?” Matt asked him one more time.
“Positive.” Kris looked the ring over, and he was sure this one was it. She would love it. The stone was square and petite, like her, yet it was sparkly and surrounded by a halo of diamonds as well as on the band. He also picked out a matching wedding band.
The only question was where was he going to hide it and when was he going to surprise her?
“What’s the matter, Kris?”
“Just trying to figure out how I’m going to sneak this by her. I thought I had it all figured out, but I forgot this one important detail.” Kris sighed, rubbing at his sideburns.
“Bro, how about I go in the house, and distract the ladies while you head on upstairs and find a good hiding place?”
“Okay.” He raised one eyebrow. “How are you going to distract them?”
“I dunno. I’ll take my teeth out or something. And you know I’m not joking, Linds hates when I do that.”
“Okay, well, whatever works.” Kris shook his head.
They stopped off for lunch and then headed home. Since they had been gone for a while, he didn’t want Kat calling him, wondering where they were. Then again, she was in the pool; she might not even realize they were gone.
When they walked in, they discovered the girls were out back sunbathing on the lawn chairs around the pool. It was a beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky. 
While Matt grabbed his swim stuff to go get changed, Kris headed up to their bedroom looking for a spot to hide the rings. He had a security box in his armoire that locked, so that would be the perfect hiding place. He had a safe in the room too, but Kat knew the combination to that. So he put the bag into the security box and tucked it away. 
As he turned and shut the armoire, it hit him. This was real now. He’d been thinking about asking her for months, but now he had the ring, this was really going to happen. Butterflies swirled in his stomach. Wow, he had never felt like this about anyone, ever.
He changed into his swim trunks and grabbed a towel. He filled a cooler with some beer and carried that out to the pool. As he shut the door, Kat moved her sunglasses aside and watched him. He saw a smile slide across her lips.
“Hey, babe!” she called to him, jumping up out of her chair. She hurried over. “I would’ve come to help you, but princess over there made me tinker with the pool heater because he insisted the water was too cold.”
Kris shot a look at Matt, who grinned and nodded. Mission accomplished.
“What?” Matt whined. “It was cold. Seeing how the beauty queens don’t swim since it might mess up their perfect hair, they wouldn’t know, but damn.” He rubbed his arms in exaggeration.
“Oh my God, you are such a goddamn baby. Does he whine this much on the ice? Really.” Kat rolled her eyes but was smiling the whole time and Lindsey chuckled from under her large sun hat.
“Hey, beautiful.” Kris smiled at her. She had on a black bikini. Her bottoms had rings on the sides at her hips and her ass looked amazing. Kris was almost sorry his friends were visiting. His trunks were getting snug and he wished he could take her upstairs right now.
“Wow,” he said, as she approached him. He grabbed her around her soft, bare middle and pulled her close. “That is one sexy bikini…” It was definitely her style too, cute, but sexy, and he liked it.
“Thanks, babe.” She ran her hand up from his stomach to his bare chest. “Not so bad yourself.”
Matt cleared his throat loudly from the pool, being amusingly obnoxious. Lindsey threw a bottle of sun tan lotion at him, laughing.
Kris placed a delicate kiss on Kat’s nose. Dropping his towel on a chair and setting the cooler by the table, he gave Kat another once over in that hot bikini before he ran and did a cannonball into the pool right beside Matt, splashing him something fierce. The girls giggled hysterically.
“You boys are too much.” Kat laughed as she sat back down in her lounge chair. “Yes, I called you boys…”

****

“So? You get it hidden okay? It didn’t seem to take you very long.” Matt poked at the grill, moving the chicken breasts around.
“Stop it! My God, you’re just like a child.” Kris slapped Matt’s hand with the spatula. “I did. It’s somewhere she won’t find it. Thanks for all the help, bro.”
“So, any idea when you are going to pro—”
“Dinner almost ready, boys?” Kat appeared on the porch.
Kris jumped nervously. He hadn’t heard the girls move toward them. One more word and the surprise would’ve been blown!
“I was just trying to tell your boyfriend here, Mr. Know-It-All, that these chicken breasts look done to me. But what do I know?” Matt rolled his eyes and poked at the chicken breast again.
“Why do you insist on playing with the grill? Stop it Matthew.” He glared at Matt. “They are done when I say they are done. Are you the one cooking here? I don’t think so.”
“Well, when will dinner be ready?” Kat asked.
“It’s ready now.” Kris answered matter of factly as he pulled the chicken and asparagus off of the grill. “Let’s eat!”
Kat shook her head. “You two are so weird.”
“You’ll get used to it, trust me,” Lindsey said.
“Good to know.” Kat smiled.
“Matthew, another beer? Lindsey and Kat, beer or wine?” Kris asked, handing Matt a beer.
“Wine for me.” Lindsey said, taking the glass from Kris.
“Me too, babe,” Kat said.
“The chicken is really good, Kris.” Lindsey said, as she took a bite.
“Thanks, Lindsey.” Kris smiled.
“So what were you two having a little pow-wow about over at the grill?” Kat asked. Taking a sip of her wine, her glare stayed on Kris and Matt.
“What?” Kris innocently responded. “No pow wow, just talking.” He figured Kat didn’t believe him. He had been running quite a few errands since the hockey season ended. And the fact that Kat may have heard anything they were talking about made him nervous.
“Shop talk, that’s all. I heard that Ben is hiring a new GM. Some young guy. I think he’s a friend of Ben’s or something. I can’t remember where he’s from.” Matt shrugged.
“Yeah, Nick something… I don’t remember. It’s just a shakeup in the front office. I don’t think it means much for the locker room.” Kris said, playing along with Matt. They really were getting a new GM, but it was also a good way to distract Kat.
“So check out these pics I took of some of the guys.” Matt passed his phone around so they all could see. “Look at those knuckleheads with the Cup! All those ugly mugs with that beautiful trophy.”
“And where is the picture of your ugly mug with the Cup?” Kris asked.
“It’s at home on the wall,” Lindsey said. “It’s too big to carry around. I mean big. Seriously.” She moved her hands to show how big this photo of Matt was.
“Hey!” Matt whined. “You want to walk home, Miss comedian?”
“Do you want sex tonight? Or ever?” Lindsey retorted.
“It is really big.” Matt fessed up.
“That’s what I thought.” Lindsey said.
“Oh my God, you two crack me up!” Kat said, laughing.
“The Fourth of July is coming up,” Matt said. “We wanted to invite you guys on the boat. We spend the day on the river and at night we watch the fireworks. We’re going to invite a few of the guys and bring the Cup for a party on the river. Can you make it?” 
“Sure, sounds great,” Kris said as he looked over at Kat. “You know Pat is coming in over the holiday, right?”
“Oh yeah, he mentioned that. Bring him along. It’ll be fun getting to hang out. I miss that pain in the ass. We’ll grill out and everybody can bring some food, and beer, of course. It’ll be fun.” 
After Lindsey and Matt left, Kris and Kat cleaned up.
She yawned.
“My tired little baby, you ready for bed?” Kris asked.
“Yeah, I guess that sun really took it out of me…” She looked up at him sleepily.
“It’s okay. C’mon, let’s go upstairs.” After kissing her on her nose, he turned off the lights and they headed up to bed.
CHAPTER 21

“Yeah, tomorrow works for us… Can’t wait to see you, Pat. Your room is ready… Okay see you around three? Great. Later, bro.”
“So your cousin will be in tomorrow?” Kat asked, taking a sip of her coffee.
“Yep, it’ll be three by the time his flight gets in and he drives out here. I’ll plan to make grilled chicken salads for dinner.”
Kat groaned at the thought of more damn chicken. She loved him, but he was killing her with all his health food.
“Cute,” he said at her humorous groan. “Don’t worry, my little beautiful junk food addict, I plan to stop today and get some cupcakes from the bakery for dessert.” He grabbed her ass playfully.
Kat squealed “Yay! Love me some cupcakes!”
She was actually a little nervous, seeing as how she hadn’t met Patrick yet. All she knew about him was what she read online, and it wasn’t very flattering. From what she read, he seemed like a playboy.
Kris had the basement set up for Pat when he stayed. It was nice, with its own bathroom, a small kitchenette, and a bar area. Her couch from her old apartment fit in well down there. The other half of the basement was set up as the gym.
They spent the morning taking care of errands before Pat got here. They started out at the beer distributor. After making sure they were stocked up on beer, they stopped at the market. Kat made sure there were some salty snacks among all the health food Kris was buying. Lastly, they stopped at the bakery to get the cupcakes Kris promised.
“Ooh.” Kat looked around at all the goodies. Darting from one case to another, she didn’t know what to look at first. “Can we get some of these too?” She pointed at vanilla cupcakes with pink icing. “Seriously, maybe I should work in a bakery,” she said with a smile. She all but salivated while looking through the glass display case.
“Yeah, why do I think that would not be a good idea?” Kris laughed. The lady behind the counter let out a little chuckle too. “Yes, babe, we can get the pretty pink cupcakes.” Kat smiled, satisfied, and he said to the lady behind the counter, “Also, could I have a dozen of the sugar cookies iced like flowers, and a cheese Danish roll? Thanks.”
Kat clapped her hands like a little kid. “Yay!” She couldn’t help it, she liked her goodies.
“There, now you have some goodies, and we have a sweet treat to go with our breakfast. Patrick will eat some of that junk too, so you better be nice and share.” He smirked and wagged his finger at her.
“Oh, okay. I’ll try.”

****

“Yeah, so Kris’s cousin is coming in today for about a week. He’s staying in the spare room downstairs…”
“Cool, what’s he like?” Gia asked.
“I don’t know. I haven’t met him yet. He was in town for one of the playoff games, but he spent the game in the owner’s box with Ben Nolan. Hey, are you coming over the day after the fourth? Swimming and cooking out. Please?” Silence filled the phone line; she really hoped that her sister would come.
After a moment Gia answered. “Sure. Is Tyler going to be there?”
“Yeah, a lot of the guys are. I’m sure you already knew that though.” Gia was staying tight lipped about whatever she was doing with Tyler, and Kat wasn’t going to pry. “Okay, I’ll see you then.”
She set the cell phone down as Kris walked into the kitchen. “Gia?” he asked.
“Yep. She’ll be over for the pool party.” She took a sip of coffee, and finished loading the dishwasher.
“She still being vague about her and Tyler?” Kris asked. 
Kat grimaced. “Yep.”
“Yeah, Tyler hasn’t been much better with me. The spare room is all ready, so now we’re just waiting on Patrick.” Grabbing her around the waist, he pulled her to him. “I love you.”
“Well, I love you too.” She smiled against his lips, as he held her in his strong arms.
He sighed deep as he held her close. “Our first off season together.” His hand cradled her jaw as he nipped at her lips. He pressed his forehead to hers, looking into her eyes. “What would make it better is if you’d give up your job so we could spend every day together.” 
“Kris…”
“You know you could go freelance, if you wanted. Then you’d be able to decide when and how much you wanted to work.” His eyes connected with hers. “Kat, I know you think you can’t let me take care of you, but there’s nothing I’d like more in the world than to do just that.”
She knew he meant every word, but it still felt too soon, too much of a risk to lose her livelihood, and the career she was building. 
Besides, she needed to finish that article on Dominic. Maybe after that, she’d be in a better position to go freelance.
“It’s not that I don’t want to spend the time with you, it’s just…” How could she explain that she was the kind of woman who needed a promise of forever before risking everything?
A low chuckle rumbled in the back of his throat. “I need to keep working on convincing you.”
He let her go, and she stepped away, needing some space to settle her thoughts.
“Do we have time for a swim?” Kat asked, as she searched for a bottle of water in the refrigerator. “I’d love some time out in the sun.”
She’d been swimming a lot lately, and felt good about it. Her body was more toned than ever, and doing laps always cleared her mind.
“Yeah, sure we do.” Kris walked up behind her and pressed his body to hers. “Or we could swim after Pat gets here.” He moved her hair to the side and dropped little kisses along the back of her neck. The sensation of his lips on her skin gave her goose bumps.
“Oh? Is there time for that?” She sighed at the feel of his soft lips on her skin. Suddenly she didn’t want space. She wanted him closer.
“Always…” He smacked her ass as she scooted towards the steps. “Where are you going?” he asked, smiling and motioning towards the couch.
“No way, I just cleaned the living room… if you want it, you better come upstairs!” She ran up the stairs, and her giggles echoed through the house.
Kat got to the bedroom first, but Kris hurried behind her and pulled her hips against his. He pressed his bulge against her little jeans shorts. Pulling her tank top off, he tossed it to the floor, exposing her black lace bra. He unzipped her shorts. Sliding his hands down inside them, they dropped to the floor. He ran his hands over her round bottom that her small lace panties barely covered. Kat spun around to meet his gaze. He took her mouth, his warm tongue finding hers. He lifted her up around his waist and carried her over to the bed, their mouths never parting.
He lifted off his t-shirt, revealing his muscular chest and abs. Her heart raced at the sight of him. She would never get enough of him. She ran her hand down his sculpted, muscular chest, excited that his body was hard against hers. She unbuttoned his shorts and dropped them to the floor. She sat up to meet his lips, as he pulled her hips to his. He unhooked her bra and tossed it to the floor. She gasped as he took one of her breasts in his mouth. Her body stiffened as he tasted her.
He slid her panties off, then his boxers. Her breath quickened as the cool air hit her hot body and he slid his warm hand along her skin. She couldn’t hold back as a moan escaped her when he dipped two fingers into her warm folds.
Kat arched towards him, grabbed onto his shoulder and braced her body against his. He gently bit her nipple, which made her body buck against him, pushing his fingers deeper into her. She screamed with pleasure as he moved inside her. He captured her mouth with his, thrusting in his tongue, muffling her moans.
He caressed her warm, wet center as she cried out against his mouth and dug her nails into his shoulder. He slipped on a condom and moved on top of her, kissing her breast one last time, and then sliding his throbbing manhood into her. She arched her hips towards his, wrapping her legs around his middle. She pushed him deeper inside her, letting out a whimper.
“I can’t stand one more minute.” He slammed into her, again making her cry out as he came hard into her accepting body.
Kris fell to her side in an exhausted mass. Kat laid her head on his chest as he closed his eyes and dozed off.

****

The doorbell rang just as Kris was finished getting dressed. Kat was already in the kitchen pouring an iced tea and thawing the chicken for dinner. They’d planned to swim once Patrick got there. Kat was already wearing her yellow bikini with jeans shorts, and an oversized tank top. 
Kris hurried down the steps, and then loud jovial greetings filled the hallway.
“Brother from a different mother, what’s up!” the other man exclaimed.
“It is so good to see you, Pat. Here, let me carry some of those.” Kris grabbed one of Patrick’s bags and brought it in the house.
Kat quietly walked into the foyer area.
“Pat,” Kris said, as he pulled Kat close to him, “this is my girlfriend, Kat.”
“Nice to meet you, Patrick.” She moved to shake his hand. 
Patrick was the same age as Kris, but had an older look to him, with salt and pepper hair and five o’clock shadow. He was also taller and built thicker. He wore a Los Angeles t-shirt, blue jeans shorts, and Velcro strap sandals.
“Well, what do we have here?” He smiled devilishly. “Kris, she’s even prettier than you described. Honey, what are you doing with this bum?” He joked as Kris flipped him the finger. “Kat, it’s very nice to finally meet you.” Patrick waved off her attempt to shake his hand. “Honey, you’re with Kris, so you’re family.” With that he gave her a hug. “Aw, she’s shy.” He laughed, as Kat’s face darkened with embarrassment.
“Patrick, would you like some iced tea? Or something to eat?” Kat asked.
“Thanks, but I’m going to get these bags out of your way and downstairs first. The spare room is still downstairs, right?”
“Yep, and it’s all ready for you. C’mon,” Kris carried one of the bags. “Go get your trunks on. We’re going to swim for a little while.” Kris kissed Kat softly as they walked by her. “Be right back, babe.”
“It’s nice down here, bro,” Patrick said, as he looked around his room. “You did a sweet job with the renovations!”
“Yeah, it’s private, so you can do your own thing while you’re staying with us.”
“And, damn! You weren’t kidding, Kat is smokin’!” Patrick laughed. “This is the chick from the coffee shop, right?”
“Yeah,” Kris laughed. “I never really thought of her as the girl from the coffee shop. But, yeah.”
“How long have you guys been together?”
“About five months now.” Kris smiled as his thoughts drifted to Kat.
“Whoa, you got it bad, dude, you’re even daydreaming about her! Is this the one?”
Kris shrugged. “I think.”
“She is! No way!” Patrick playfully shoved Kris’s shoulder.
“Dude, enough already. Sheesh. I’ll meet you out at the pool, okay? Sure you aren’t hungry?” Kris asked, as he left the basement.
“Nah, I’m fine. Be out in a second.” 
Kat was skimming the leaves out of the pool. Kris snuck up behind her and hugged her around her waist, kissing her neck and shoulder.
“Ready?” Setting down the skimmer, she slid off her shorts, tossing them on a lounge chair.
She tugged on his t-shirt. “C’mon, he’ll be out when he’s ready.”
Kris tossed his shirt on a chair, and jumped into the pool. “C’mon! The water is great!”
“Yeah, I’m not that brave.” She held the railing as she walked down the steps into the pool. “Thank goodness for the heater.” She swam a lap to the side of the pool where he stood.
Kris grabbed her cheek in his hand. “Do you know how much I love you?” He gazed into her blue eyes. His body burned, filled with so much love for this girl. He wanted to ask her now. He wanted to marry her. But this wasn’t how he had planned it.
“Probably as much as I love you,” she answered.
He leaned in and kissed her lips softly. His body pressed up against her wet skin, pushing her to the wall of the pool. Her skin felt warm from the sun. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she opened her mouth as he kissed her deeply.
“Hey! Enough of that! Can’t that wait till later? Sheesh! Get a room!” Patrick called, walking towards the pool.
Kris pulled away from Kat’s body slightly, just enough to flip Patrick off. “Shut up, dude!”
Kat laughed. Patrick jumped in the pool and swam over to them.
“So, the great Patrick Dubois. How do you like Los Angeles?” Kat asked as he treaded water.
“Yeah, it’s nice. Obviously they love me there, but, I dunno, I like traveling. I really like Pittsburgh.” He smirked at Kris. “So, Kat, did Kris tell you about his stick-meets-face accident as a kid?” Patrick asked.
“No. What’s that about?” Kat ruffled her brow.
“It happened when we were young… What? Maybe six?”
“Yes, we were six,” Kris answered stone faced, not amused by the story.
“Okay, so we were six. We always played street hockey, or on whatever backyard rink we could find. Well, this fateful day, we were all bundled up. Scarves, hats, gloves, you get the picture. Anyway, I went to move around him, but when I went to stick handle, I got caught up in Kris’s scarf. The stick was twisted in the fabric and as I pulled, he moved and, BAM!” Patrick smacked his hands together.
“Bam?”
“Right in the kisser! The butt end of the stick jabbed him right in the mouth.” Patrick started to chuckle. “Right in the mouth! Augh! You should’ve seen his face!” Patrick’s chuckle turned into a roar of laughter.
“Don’t try to hold back or anything, damn.” Kris looked at Kat. “Do you believe this guy? I was really hurt! How is that funny?”
“It was SO freaking funny! Oh my God! Dude, your eyes were huge, and tears were streaming down your face. I still remember you spitting out your teeth into the snow. It was so cool.”
“Yeah, cool. Somehow, I don’t recall it being funny or cool. Luckily those were my baby teeth, but I was so miserable until the new ones grew in! You know how hard it is to eat without your two front teeth?”
Patrick tried to answer but was too busy laughing.
“Aw, my poor baby. But look how perfect your adult teeth grew in.” Kat gently kissed his lips.
“Alright, relax, Mr. Sensitive.” Patrick sighed as he wiped a tear away from his eye. “I’m hungry. What do you say we get some grub?”
Kat shook her head as she climbed out of the pool.
Kris ogled her as she walked towards the towels in her tiny bikini, but then noticed Patrick looking as well. “Hey! Keep your eyes to yourself, dude. She’s mine.” Kris joked and shoved him into the water.
“I know, I know… but where can I get one of those? Hell…” Patrick continued to watch Kat. Kris shoved Patrick under the water, holding him down for a moment. Patrick responded by grabbing Kris and a friendly dunking war broke out.
“I give up!” Patrick called out, as he swam to the side of the pool and hopped out.
Kris dunked one more time, slicking his hair back, before getting out of the pool and drying off for dinner.
He made grilled chicken on top of salad, with fruit on the side.
“Still the healthy gourmet, I see?” Patrick joked.
“Still a pain in the ass, I see?”
“Oh my God, you two are killing me,” Kat said, practically choking on her salad as she laughed.
After they were done eating, she brought out the cupcakes and cookies.
“No way! The health food nut is going to eat sugary treats?” Patrick laughed. “He didn’t make these, did he?”
Again, Kris flipped Patrick off. “You’re an ass.” Kris joked. “Not for me, dude. Kat likes this stuff, and I make the healthy stuff enough, so she deserves some goodies! Plus I knew you’d eat them, ’cause you’re a pig…”
“No, he didn’t make them. They’re from the local bakery.” Before Kat had even finished her sentence, Patrick polished off his third cupcake.
“No one is going to steal your food, Pat. Damn, dude. Slow down!” Kris wagged his finger.
Patrick grabbed his fourth cupcake and took a bite. With a mouth full of cake and a grin, he simply flipped Kris the middle finger.
CHAPTER 22

The guys raced up and down the ice. They threw wrist shots at the net and stick handled down to the other end of the ice, passing the puck between them. Patrick skated in between the Renegades players. Taking a pass, he dumped it in, sliding it under Kaden’s pads.
“I still got it! Oh yeah!” Patrick yelled.
Kris skated past where Kat sat, and tapped on the glass.
When most of the players exited the ice, Kris waved for the girls to join them. As soon as Kat stepped onto the ice, Kris sped over to her and grabbed her, carrying her along. “You can’t say I never swept you off your feet.” He laughed.
“Cute…” she said, as she caught her breath. “You’re very cute…”
“Je suis assez mignon, yes I am pretty cute…” He smiled and took her hand, leading her around the rink a few times. Kat struggled to keep up with him; she wasn’t as agile on the ice as him. Her hand slipping out of his, she fell behind with the girls. Kris whipped around the ice a few times, racing the other guys to see who was faster. After another lap, he returned to her side, grabbing her waist. Skating backwards he pulled her around the ice.
“Okay, yes, this is hot.” She laughed.
Kat slowed down as she quickly grew tired. “Apparently I need to work out more, that is great exercise, but I’m out of shape.” Kat started to say, winded. “I’m going to sit out for a while.”
“Okay, I’ll just do a few more races with the guys and then we’ll go. Come on, I’ll tow you back to the seats.”
“No, you keep skating. I want to see if I can get there by myself.”
“You sure?”
“How will I ever get good enough to race you if you keep pulling me around?” 
“I like pulling you around. But if you insist, I’ll wait around so I can play hero and pick you up when your gorgeous ass hits the ice.”
She laughed, and he kissed her cheek before letting her go. She knew he was still watching her, so she concentrated on making sure she didn’t wobble as she made her way across the ice.
Matt and Lindsey were skating hand in hand and didn’t notice her coming up behind them, so she heard their conversation.
Matt’s voice filtered back to her. “…when he told me he’d given her the Mustang, and she’d accepted it. And after what happened with Anna, I wouldn’t blame him for wanting to find out for sure about her.”
Kat slowed her movements. Surely she hadn’t heard right. Her heart jumped into her throat.
“And when he gave Kat his credit card?” Lindsey said, her voice worried.
They were talking about her. She didn’t understand, but their secretive tone made her stomach churn. 
Matt laughed. “Yeah. I told him it was one way to test her.”
Oh god. Tests? Her heart thudded in her chest and the air left her lungs. She stopped skating, and stood on the ice, trying to think.
Kris had been testing her? She’d been so happy, thinking he trusted her. The Mustang. She hadn’t wanted it, but it seemed to make him happy, so she’d relented and accepted it. She’d accepted all his gifts. Shit. She’d even used his credit card.
Her face burned and her stomach rolled, knowing what she’d done. Kris hadn’t trusted her, and she’d acted just like Anna. Taking whatever he gave to her.
Tears blurred her eyes, and her legs began to wobble.
Behind her, the quiet sound of blades whisking across the ice came closer, just as her legs gave way.
“Whoa!” Kris’s strong arms came around her, saving her from hitting the ice. “I’ve got you, beautiful.”
She stared at him, wondering how this man she trusted so much, could have such little faith in her that he’d want to test her. 
“What happened? You were doing so well and suddenly you stopped.” He frowned, looking into her face. “What’s wrong? You look like you’ve see a ghost.”
“I want to go home.” She pulled out of his arms. “Please take me home.”
Kris’s frown deepened. “Sure, babe. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” With a pounding heart she shuffled her way off the rink. “Or I will be.”
He skated beside her. “You’re worrying me, Kat.”
She blinked back tears. “You won’t have to worry about me much longer.”
“What?” He stopped her as she stepped off the ice, holding her arms. “What’re you talking about?”
She looked up into his face, knowing the pain she felt must be obvious. She didn’t care. “Now that I know the truth, I’m moving out—”
“Moving out? Truth? What the hell? You’re not making any sense.”
She pulled out of his grasp and sat on the bench to unlace her skates with trembling fingers. “I won’t keep the Mustang. And I’ll leave all the clothes I bought and anything else—”
“Kat, stop! Please, beautiful. I don’t understand. What have I done to make you want to leave me?” His eyes searched hers, his expression panicked.
A sob caught in her chest. “I never wanted any of those things, Kris. All I wanted was you. I can’t believe you thought so little of me.” She tossed her skate aside and wiped a tear from her cheek.
“What do you mean? I think the world of you. I thought you knew that.”
“Really? If you thought that much of me, you would’ve trusted me, the way I trusted you.” She tossed her second skate down, ignoring the way Kris was tearing his fingers through his hair. “And what about all that talk of me giving up my job so we could spend more time together? Was all that just another one of your tests as well?” She shoved her feet into her boots, letting her tears fall.
He lifted his head and his eyes met hers. “Tests? What tests?” His eyes narrowed and he glanced out to where Matt was still skating around with Lindsey, and then his eyes moved back to Kat. “Please tell me you haven’t been talking to Matt.”
So it was true. Kat stood quickly, feeling lightheaded. Kris jumped up and tried to steady her, but she jerked back out of his reach. “He didn’t spill your secret. I overheard him and Lindsey talking about it. So I guess everyone knew what you were doing except me.” 
Kris let out a curse and shook his head. “It’s not what you’re thinking, I promise you.” His eyes pleaded with her. A tiny spark of hope flared inside her. She wanted to believe him, but how could she? It all made sense now. Practically forcing her to take the credit card shopping. The shared looks with Matt when Gia was talking about Kris’s house.
“I’m sorry I didn’t pass the tests. Or even if I did. Because if you don’t trust me, then we have nothing.”
She started walking toward the exit, but Kris ran around the front.
“Kat, stop and listen to me.” His voice was firm, and she couldn’t help the way her feet stopped moving. “Matt had some stupid idea that I should make sure you weren’t going to do to me what Anna did. I told him you were nothing like her and that I didn’t need to find out.” He took a step closer, his voice gentler. “I wasn’t testing you. I never did that.”
She scrubbed at the tears rolling down her face. “But he said—”
“He said a lot of stupid things to me. I didn’t listen to any of it. In fact, I told him last weekend that if he ever said another word about it, I’d break his nose.”
Kat sniffed. “You did?”
Kris smiled. “I bought you the Mustang because I wanted to see the happy look on your face. Not to mention I needed to know that you were driving around in a safe, reliable car when I wasn’t here, not one that might break down at any minute. I don’t care what you spend on my credit card. I want you to give up your job so we can spend our days together. You know how nice it is to wake up beside each other and not have anywhere to be. But I understand that you want your career, and I respect that, so I won’t push you.” He stepped one step closer. “I love you, Kat. I trust you with everything I have, babe. What’s mine is yours.”
“I don’t want—”
“I know that. I know you’re not used to anyone taking care of you. But I want to. I want to give you things, make you happy. And you’re going to have to trust me enough to let me.”
“I do trust you.”
“Then, will you stop buying groceries and sneaking them into the house? Will you let me pay the bills? Please?”
A tiny smile found its way onto her face. “How did you know about the groceries?”
Kris took the last step to her and pulled her into his arms. “Funny girl. Being sneaky isn’t in your nature. You’re terrible at it. Now I’m going to get Matt over here and make him explain.”
Kat winced. “You don’t have to do that. I believe you.”
“Yes I do. He owes you an apology.” He called out and beckoned Matt to come over.
Matt hung his head at the end of his explanation. “I’m sorry, Kat. I thought I was watching out for my boy, here. I knew he was getting in deep and I just wanted him to be careful.” He gave her a crooked smile. “Forgive me?”
Lindsey slapped him across the arm. “She doesn’t have to forgive you.” She turned back to Kat with a sad smile. “My boyfriend can be a total idiot sometimes. When he told me he was asking Kris about all that stuff, it worried me. I knew he was barking up the wrong tree. I kept trying to tell him he had it all wrong. But he’s so hardheaded…”
Kat nodded, but couldn’t find any words.
“So, beautiful, you ready to go home?” Kris asked, coming to her side. “To our home?” His breath was hot on her face, only inches from her lips.
“Definitely, ready.” She liked the sound of ‘our home’. Her emotions had been all over the place and all she wanted to do was to leave the rink behind.
“Yeah, I think it’s time to get out of here, I’m tired too.” Lindsey said.
Everyone said their goodbyes. Kris took her hand and led her back to the seats. He packed up their equipment and headed out the door. They almost ran right into Patrick.
“Hey, guys, heading home?” Patrick asked, oblivious to Kat’s quiet mood. Kris nodded. “Sounds good.” He hopped into the Jeep.
“So, Kat, did you enjoy yourself today?” Kris turned out of the practice complex. “I mean, before all that happened with Matt?”
“Yeah, I did. It was fun. Thanks.” She laced her fingers through his as he drove. Her relief was immense. Kris hadn’t been testing her. He trusted her, wanted to share everything with her. She couldn’t wait to get home and show him how much that meant to her. Because in spite of what had just happened, it felt as though they’d just jumped over one last hurdle. 
“Hey, cuz,” Pat said, breaking into her thoughts. “I’m going out for a meeting with Ben. Any chance I can take the Wrangler?”
“I guess. Just be careful with it.” Kris said.
“Me? Not careful with your Jeep? Please.”
“Yeah you. I know what a shitty driver you are.” Kris tried to say with a straight face.
Kat glanced out the window at the city. “Nice view from here.”
“Yeah, it sure is,” Patrick said.
Kat liked the idea of having the house to themselves tonight. Even though Patrick was all the way downstairs, they still needed their privacy. Tonight, more than ever. 
Turning into the driveway, Kris glanced back at Patrick, “Don’t forget. Be careful, dude.”
“I will, I will. Jeez,” Patrick said, as he crawled out of the vehicle.
Before Kris unlocked the front door, he tossed Patrick the keys to the Jeep. They watched from the doorway as Patrick disappeared down the street.
“You want to get a pizza and rent a movie?” Kris asked without looking up at Kat.
“Or, it could just be bedtime?” She suggested, standing on the steps. She let her eyes tell him everything she wanted.
“Yes, please!” He turned out the lights in record time and raced after her up the stairs.

****

It was Saturday morning, the Fourth of July. Kris kissed Kat’s bare shoulder, running his hand down her naked body, then stopping and squeezing her ass. 
“Hey!” she yelled playfully. “I’m sure we have to get up and get moving. Didn’t you get enough last night?” She teased.
“Never.” He laughed.
Kat got up and walked to the bathroom as Kris admired her naked body. He heard the water turn on, and figured he’d join her while she was in there. After everything that happened at the rink, and the panic he’d felt at the thought of her leaving him, he wanted to stay close to her.
Sneaking into the bathroom, he stepped into the spacious shower. He just wanted to touch her. Staring at her beautiful naked body wasn’t enough. He needed to touch it. He tried grabbing her butt, then tried kissing her, but she wasn’t having it.
“Patrick is just downstairs!” she whispered.
“So?”
She giggled as she pulled away from him and tried soaping up. She tried washing her hair, as he kissed her neck and ran his hands down her body. He could see her skin come alive with goose bumps as he slid his fingers over her hard nipples. I must be doing something right. He laughed to himself.
He lowered his head to taste her erect nipple. Deciding to have a little fun, he grabbed her and pulled her to him, then pressed her against the bathroom wall. She let out a gasp and dropped the shampoo, just missing his toes. As he kissed her hard she ran her fingers through his wet hair. Hiking her up, her legs wrapped around his waist. She softly moaned as he entered her, hard and with precise movements and rhythm.
Kat buried her head in the nape of his neck. “Oh, Kris,” she murmured.
He moved harder and faster, exploding into the most intense climax. 
He watched her bite her lip, trying not to make too much noise as she came undone. Collapsing into his arms, she sighed.
“Wow…” She giggled.
“Yeah, that’s exactly what I was thinking.” He kissed her wet forehead.
They finished their shower and headed downstairs for some breakfast. Patrick was already in the kitchen drinking his coffee. “Well, good morning, lovebirds! Coffee?” He motioned to the pot he had ready for them.
“Thanks, bro.” Kris grabbed mugs for him and Kat.
“Yeah, figured after last night you would need some.” Patrick smirked and made an obscene movement with his hips, as if he was humping the air. Kat’s head whipped around, her face bright red. “Oh, nothing to be embarrassed about. Sounded like you were having fun.” He cleared his throat. “This morning too.” His lips curled into a smirk before taking a sip of coffee.
Kris flipped him off, before shoving his shoulder. “Bro! Don’t embarrass her. That’s not cool.” Kris handed Kat her coffee. “She just met you, Pat. Stop teasing her until she figures out how to take you.” Kris could take his harassment, but it wasn’t fair for him to do it to Kat. And especially not after what happened last night. He threw Patrick the “enough” signal behind Kat’s back. Patrick chuckled but shook his head.
Kat sat silently at the table, drinking her coffee. She had her phone out with all of her attention on it. Her face was beat red, and the scowl on her face told Kris that she wasn’t happy. Wrapping his arms around her shoulders, he placed a light kiss on her temple. He got a sweet smile in return, and that was all he really wanted.
Kris felt bad she was embarrassed, but that was Patrick. He was always the center of attention and never shy about it. It never bothered Kris, but Kat was going to have to get used to him. He guessed that wasn’t going to happen this morning.
Her attention still on her phone, Kat spoke up. “Patrick, you still coming out to the boat this afternoon?”
“Yep, can’t wait,” Patrick answered.
Kris knew that Patrick was an acquired taste, but he was family. Pat never meant any harm; he’d always been loud and obnoxious. Kris wanted them to get along, but Kat didn’t look completely won over yet.

****

Patrick jumped off the boat into the lake, splashing everyone in the process. Kat brushed the water off her arms and legs, and Kris leaned over and kissed her. She cupped his scruffy cheek in her hand, just then getting hit with another splash of water. Looking up she saw that it was Patrick, of course, laughing. He thinks he is always so funny.
“Don’t be a dick, dude!” Kris yelled.
Patrick laughed hysterically from the water.
“He’s the total opposite of Kris,” Lindsey said getting up with Kat and walking towards the cabin.
“I know, right? It’s amazing.” Kat rolled her eyes. The table inside the cabin was full of yummy looking foods, but she only grabbed a few things. She filled a bowl with fruit salad for Kris, and went back out to where he was sitting.
“Matt, will the burgers be done soon?” Lindsey called over to him.
“They need a few more minutes.”
“Here, babe.” Kat handed Kris his fruit salad. Patrick was now sitting next to him. She didn’t dislike him, but he was just too arrogant. She sat down on the other side of Kris.
“Thanks.” Patrick grabbed a cookie off of her plate. He popped it in his mouth, smiling a shitty grin. Then he winked at her.
Ugh! He is so childish! She rolled her eyes. Really, there had to be more to him than this. She smiled politely and looked away, snuggling up against Kris as he wrapped his arm around her. With a heavy sigh, she avoided eye contact with Patrick.
“Bro, can you behave for a little while? Maybe stop being such an ass? I know it’ll be a challenge for you.”
“I could try. I guess. Sorry, Kat, I’ll stop being such an ass…” He put on a fake pouty lip.
Kat couldn’t help the grin that formed on her face. He wasn’t a bad guy, but he was so cocky, and when he wasn’t being obnoxious, he was flirting. If you could get past the crude jokes, he might be quite a charmer. But at this moment his eyes looked sincere as he flashed her a smile. Maybe she could give him a chance. “Here, have another cookie, Patrick.” She handed him her plate.
Kris smiled, whispering in her ear, “That’s my girl.”
Kaden grabbed the Cup and filled it with champagne. “Hey, who wants a sip?” he called from the upper deck of the boat. “Party with the Cup!” Tyler was beside him, laughing as he drank from it.
“I have an idea, come with me.” Kris led Kat to the upper deck. “Ty, take our picture.” He handed Tyler his phone and pulled Kat over behind the Cup. He kissed her as Tyler snapped a photo. Kris turned to Tyler, “Okay, one more.” He and Kat smiled behind the Cup as Tyler took another photo. “Hey, Pat!” Kris called. “C’mon! Me and you!” Patrick climbed up and took a photo with Kris.
Others followed Kris’s lead and had their photos taken with the Cup. Once the fireworks started, the couples snuggled and watched from the upper deck.
“Baby,” Kris whispered, his lips and hot breath tickling her. “I couldn’t ask for a better day, being here with you and all my friends. I know Pat is an acquired taste but I’m really glad you seem to be giving him a chance. You really are amazing.”

CHAPTER 23

To round out the holiday weekend, Kat and Kris planned a big pool party at their house. They invited the whole team, and only a few weren’t able to make it.
Matt and Lindsey just arrived when Patrick pulled Kris aside for a few minutes and they had a quiet discussion. Kat was curious, but didn’t ask. As soon as they finished their talk, some of the other guys showed up. They even brought the Cup. Matt was on his way to the pool when Kat went back into the kitchen.
“Kat,” Matt said. “Have you forgiven me yet?” He made a puppy dog face. 
She smiled. How could she stay mad at him with that face? Besides, she knew deep down that he’d only been watching out for Kris. 
“I’ll think about it. I’m not there yet, but maybe soon.”
Matt sighed dramatically. “I don’t think Kris has forgiven me yet either, and Lindsey is still mad at me too. I’ve got a lot of ass-kissing to do all round.”
“Right. You’d better get out there and start with Lindsey’s.” 
Matt grinned and headed outside, and hearing a car, Kat looked out the front window to see Gia pull up. Tyler pulled in directly behind her.
“Gia and Tyler are here!” Kris said from behind her.
“Very interesting… Hey, Gia!” she said, as she opened the door. Kat never did ask her what the deal was with them. They didn’t show up together, but they did at the exact same time, huh.
Gia walked in wearing her black bikini bathing suit with a pair of cut off blue jeans shorts and a black tank top. Her long dark hair was down, lying against her back and around her shoulders, and she had on aviator sunglasses, with big, round mirrored lenses.
She waved to Kat. “W’Sup, slut!” Turning her attention to Kris, she said, “Thanks for the invite, sexy!” She tipped her sunglasses up on to her head and raked her eyes over him.
Seriously, Gia? Kat grumbled under her breath. “Hands off, you… uh…” She couldn’t think of anything to call Gia. Since her sister was flirting with Kris, she wanted to be funny, but no words came to mind. She never was great at the name calling game.
“Ha! You can’t even think of anything to call me, can you, sis?” Gia giggled. “Don’t worry! I won’t touch, I just like to look.”
“Tyler! Good to see you, bro.” Kris greeted him as he walked in the door a minute behind Gia. Tyler said hello to Kat, then Kris walked him past Gia to the back yard. As Tyler passed by Gia, he smiled at her and Kat watched Gia grin back.
As Gia followed Kat into the kitchen, she glanced out the door to the back yard. “Wow, I know who almost everyone is out there.” She giggled. “But who is that guy?” She pointed at Patrick.
“That’s Kris’s cousin, Patrick. He’s a real joker.” Then she added, “And charmer, so be careful. But they are amusing to watch together.”
“Huh, nice.” Gia reached for a beer, not really paying attention.
“You know he is Patrick Dubois? From Los Angeles, right?” Kat asked her.
“No shit? That is his cousin? Cool! I didn’t even notice to be honest.” Gia stared out the door. No wonder she didn’t notice. Kat was pretty sure she wasn’t even looking at Patrick.
“Gia, why don’t you go see Trish and Tanner?” Kat suggested. “I think they were going to go for a swim.”
“Okay.” She shrugged. “Meet you out there.” Gia called over her shoulder.
Kat kept an eye on her sister once she got to the pool. Gia dropped her shorts and slid off her tank top. Kat scanned the party. Patrick’s eyes were fixed in Gia’s direction. Kat’s eyes found Tyler; she saw he was also watching Gia. Oh hell, this could get messy.
With everyone occupied, Kat checked her phone for the tenth time today. The photographer Kenny had introduced her to had done the scheduled photoshoot with Dominic today, and she was impatient to get her eyes on the photos. She’d done the interview with him a few days ago, and was planning to spin the article to appeal to all the female fans, presenting Dominic as the young, tattooed, bad boy of hockey. In reality, he was the sweetest guy you could ever meet, and he’d actually been concerned about going shirtless for the shoot, worrying that not everyone would be so accepting of tattoos, and he was practically covered in them.
Kat had agreed to send the proofs to Dominic after the shoot, and let Dominic choose the images to go with the article. Kat couldn’t wait to see what he chose.
She swiped the screen. No messages. With an impatient sigh, she set her phone down on the kitchen counter. Kris was manning the grill with Matt, so she decided to head down to the pool.
“Hey, guys,” she called as she sat on the side of the pool, dipping her feet in the warm water.
“Kat, come on in, the water is great,” Trish beckoned from the water. “C’mon Tanner!”
“Yeah, Tanner, I’ll go in if you and Ty do!” Kat called over to the guys, shading the sun from her eyes. She stood up and pulled off her tank top, and shorts. She saw Kris watching her from the porch. Purposely, she moved slightly slower and a bit more seductively.
“Alright, just for a little,” Tanner said as he stood up and tossed his shirt on the chair.
Tyler slowly stood up, lifting off his shirt, and leaving it on his chair. 
Kat caught Gia watching his every move. She could hear Kris trying to divert Pat’s attention.
“Pat, maybe we should go for a dip in the pool,” Kris said to Patrick.
“Pat?” he said again.
Patrick was sitting on the porch with a goofy look on his face. “Hey, bro, who is that dark haired beauty in the pool?”
“What? Which one? Bro, you aren’t talking about Kat are you?”
He better not be talking about me.
“What? No, that one with the long dark hair in the little black bikini? Not Kat, the other one. Actually, she does look a little like Kat…”
Because she’s my sister. Kat tried not to stare, but she was trying to read lips and listen carefully.
“Her? She looks like Kat because that’s her sister, Gia. Dumbass. Put your tongue back in your mouth.” Kris answered. “And that’s Tyler in the pool, also drooling over her, FYI. You know, the Renegades Captain?”
“No way… her sister? Holy hell, she’s hot! Damn, and that little black bikini…”
Interrupting their conversation, Matt called out, “Burgers are ready! Let’s eat!” The people in the pool grabbed their towels and headed over to the porch, lining up and filling their plates up with food.
“Bro, we’ll talk about that later. So, did you get everything worked out with that other thing? You know, with Ben?” Kris asked, changing the subject.
What was this big secret with Ben?
Kat watched as Tyler’s eyes stayed on Gia. Patrick was also watching Gia as she walked up the steps of the pool, the water dripping off of her.
“Damn…” Patrick muttered.
Kris snapped his finger in front of Patrick, breaking him out of his trance.
“Um, yeah almost.” It was obvious that Patrick’s eyes lingered on Gia. “You know we have to keep that quiet, bro. For now, anyway. I’ll let you know when a deal is done.”
Kat walked past the line for dinner, heading into the kitchen to check her phone one more time. Still nothing. She was about to text Dominic and ask why he was taking so long, when she felt Kris move in behind her.
“Hey babe,” he said as he kissed her shoulder. “What’re you doing in here? Food’s ready.”
Kat set her phone back down. “I was just checking work messages. Let’s go eat.”
He led her back outside, grabbed a plate and started putting a burger and some sides on it. Kat smiled at him over her shoulder.
“Hey, guys, thanks. This is great, hanging with everybody.” Patrick said.
“Kat,” Gia called as she walked over to the grill. “Is there any more beer?”
“Yeah,” Patrick answered. Reaching into the cooler behind him he grabbed a beer and handed it to Gia. “Here you go.” He smiled flirtatiously at her.
“Oh, thanks,” Gia said, barely looking at him.
“G, this is Patrick, Kris’s cousin.” Kat introduced them. She watched, waiting to see if Patrick would turn into that obnoxious Casanova that she was so annoyed by.
“Hi, I’m Gia, Kat’s sister.” Gia put out her hand.
“Nice to meet you, Gia.” Patrick smiled and shook her hand. Kat noticed how his eyes didn’t leave her sister’s face until she turned away to grab a plate. Then they wandered over her sister’s body, stopping on the tattoo on her lower back, then continuing to look her over. Kat shook her head.
“Nice to meet you, Patrick.” Gia stood there and munched on her sandwich. “Great party, Kris!” She was either oblivious to Patrick’s wandering eyes, or maybe just doing a damn good job at ignoring him.
“You make a new friend, G?” Kat whispered to Gia.
“Funny.” Gia shot Kat a dirty look as she walked back over to Trish, Tanner and Tyler as they sat eating in lounge chairs by the pool. She handed Tyler another beer, then sat down. But not before she swept her hair off of her shoulder in Patrick’s direction.
There it is! The hair flip, ugh! Kat had been waiting for that. Her sister’s patented move. Gia knew Patrick was watching her and the flirty hair flip was proof.
Patrick’s eyes were fixated on Gia. “Hey, I’m gonna go down and talk to Ty for a few. Be right back.” Patrick excused himself quickly.
Kat put her plate down and started to follow him, just as Kris moved in front of her. He gently grabbed her arms, and smiled. “Hey, where do you think you are going?”
She shrugged. “To, uh, just down to the pool.” 
“Uh-uh,” Kris said, shaking his head. “You said you weren’t going to butt in, right?” 
“But, did you see the hair fli—”
“No,” he said firmly. “Consider this me helping you not butt in.” He sat down on the bench and pulled her onto his lap. His fingers touched her chin and gently moved her face to his so he could kiss her pouty lips.
She pulled back for a second, looking at those big brown eyes, and then kissed his soft lips again.
It wasn’t until dusk that people started to leave. Lindsey and Matt hung around a bit longer, while they all sat on the porch talking. “Let’s get the elephant out of the room, shall we?” Matt spoke up.
“What would that be?” Kris asked, frowning.
“Pat, are you in town for business or pleasure?” Matt asked. “’Cause you’ve been meeting with Ben an awful lot.” 
“Dude, just visiting my cousin.” Patrick smiled. “But always looking for some pleasure.” He added with a smirk.
I’ll bet. Kat shook her head.
The gang had a few more beers before Matt and Lindsey called it a night. “Let’s talk soon, okay?” Lindsey said, as she hugged Kat goodbye.
Matt said goodbye to Patrick. “I know something is up. As soon as you can talk about it, give me a call, okay? It was really great to see you. Have a safe trip home, dude.”
It had been a long day, and a lot of work. Patrick was leaving to go back to Los Angeles tomorrow, but it was late and Kat was tired. “I’m turning in, guys. Kris, you joining me?”
“In a minute. I’ll meet you upstairs.”
“G’night, Patrick,” she called and went upstairs.

****

“Kris,” Patrick asked quietly. “So what’s the deal with Gia?”
“What do you mean?” Kris asked.
“Dude, is she single or what?” Pat bluntly asked.
“Dude, I think you’ve been in LA too long.” Kris said, mocking Patrick. “I actually don’t know if she’s single.” Kris shrugged.
“Did she really not know who I was?” Patrick questioned.
“I think she was preoccupied. She’s a big hockey fan; she probably knew,” Kris answered. “I know you’re used to girls falling at your feet…”
“Like you aren’t…” Patrick mused. “I remember those days, dude.”
“Yeah, well that was a long time ago. I told you, I’m serious about Kat.”
“Yeah, yeah, she’s the one… blah, blah, blah, I know.” Patrick rolled his eyes. “I know, bro, I believe you.” He paused. “You know I like the chase.” He shook his head. “But that Gia… I can’t get that body out of my mind.”
“Well, you are going back to LA, so try to. She’s a huge fan of Tyler’s, and I think she has a crush—”
“Yeah, I saw Ty checking her out too. I don’t want to get in his way, but damn she’s hot, and I know I could do more for her than Ty ever could. No offense to him, he’s a good kid. But he is just that, a kid. She needs a man.”
Kris groaned. “Bro, I’m staying out of this. Goodnight, see you in the morning.”

****

“Mmm, something smells good?” Kat said, as she walked down the steps with Kris the next morning and walked into the kitchen. “Well, good morning, Patrick.” 
“Morning, Kat. I made you guys breakfast.” Patrick handed her a cup of hot coffee.
“Well, thank you, Patrick.” She took a sip of the hot liquid as he diligently made breakfast. Kris could tell she felt bad. She’d already said that maybe she was wrong about Patrick. “Listen, Patrick—”
“Kat, it’s not necessary. I was a jerk when I first met you. I apologize.” He shrugged. “I know I’m a cocky son of a bitch. At first you hate me, then you love me. I come on strong, especially to beautiful women. But I’m really not that big of an ass.” He smiled at Kris as he flipped the pancakes. 
“Bro, she either loves you or hates you… and yes, you are an ass.” Kris laughed as Patrick flipped him off. “Pancakes huh? Yum.” Kris said sarcastically.
“Wah, such a whiner. I know you better than that, bro. This is for you.” Patrick pulled a griddle of scrambled eggs out of the oven and put them on a plate for Kris, along with peppers and mushrooms. “You really thought that I forgot you prefer eggs?”
“Thanks… but you’re still an ass.” Kris poured himself a cup of coffee. “You’re not being fooled by his charm, are you, Kat?” Kris laughed.
“Oh my God, I love this! You two are too funny. The bickering and name calling is hysterical.” She giggled, pointing at both men. “Patrick you are growing on me. I think you need to come back to Pittsburgh and stay with us again soon.”
“Yeah, I think I will come back.” Patrick winked. “Thanks, Kat. Okay let’s eat!”
They took the food out to the table on the back porch.
“Yum. These pancakes are actually really good, Patrick,” Kat said between mouthfuls.
“Secret recipe.” He smiled and looked down at his phone, scrolling through his social media stuff.
“Anyone want more coffee?” Kris asked, standing. Kat and Patrick shook their heads.
Kris took his cup into the kitchen, and poured another coffee. He was heading back out, when he heard the tone of Kat’s phone. Glancing around, he found it on the counter where she must’ve left it last night.
He picked it up, thinking he’d take it out to her, when an idle glance at the screen stopped him.
What the heck? A text from Dominic Zanetti? Why would Kat be getting a text from Dom?
Thinking maybe somehow Dom had his wires crossed, he opened the message. He set his cup down, as blood began to pound through his veins. There wasn’t one, but five messages. The first four contained pictures. All of them of Dominic, shirtless. 
He opened the fifth message. 
Dominic: Hey Kat. I know how bad you’ve been wanting these, so here they are. Sexy enough for you?
Another message came through while Kris was still reading.
Dominic: I enjoyed the other day. Let me know if you want me again.
Kris gripped the phone in his fist, wishing he could crush it until those pictures disappeared. Thoughts of Anna and how she’d cheated on him rushed through his mind. 
“Hey, what’s taking so long?” Kat said, walking into the kitchen to stand behind him. “I decided I needed another cup after all. Patrick’s pancakes are a bit dry.” She laughed. He slipped the phone into his pocket before turning to look at her. She was so beautiful, and he’d wanted to believe she was different. 
She gazed up at him and her laughter died away. “Kris? Everything okay?”
After a moment, he forced a smile. “Sure. Why wouldn’t it be?”
****

“Call me once things with Ben are finalized, okay?” Kris looked over at Patrick.
“Yeah, I’ll do that. I’ll give Matt a call too; I feel bad I couldn’t tell him.” Patrick pulled his bags from the Jeep. “Did Tyler talk to you about it?”
“Yeah, he did. He wanted to make sure I’d be cool with it. I told him I think things will work out having us together. Ty may be young, but he really is the heart of our team.”
“Yeah, he’s a good guy, but like I said.” A shitty grin formed on his face. “I have more to offer Gia.”
Kris just shook his head. As Patrick prepared to head inside, Kris stopped him. “Bro, have a safe trip, and try to forget about Gia, okay? I think moving in on her is a bad idea.” Yeah, bad for your career in Pittsburgh, Kris thought.
“Easier said than done, cuz. Easier said than done. Are you all right? You’ve been acting really strange since breakfast.”
Kris looked down. “There’s just something I need to figure out. It’s nothing.”
“Okay then. Take it easy, I’ll talk to you soon, and thanks for everything,” Patrick disappeared into the airport.
CHAPTER 24
“Hey, thanks for meeting me this morning,” Kris said as he jumped out of his Jeep. His head was still spinning and his heart racing. He didn’t know what move to make next, and talking to Matt first seemed like the best decision. The one place he knew that Kat would not want to go with them was the team gym at Rivers Arena.
“Everything okay, bro?” Matt asked, meeting Kris’s stride as they entered the building.
“I don’t even know.”
“So, we aren’t really here to lift weights then?” Matt asked, seeming to already know the answer.
“I don’t know what I’m doing anymore.” Kris sat down on the bench and dropped his head into his hands. “It’s Kat.”
“I thought you guys worked that out, and I’m sorry that I overstepped. She’s proven that she’s trustworthy and she genuinely loves you.”
“Do you think?”
“Wait, is that even a question?”
“Yes, it is. Can you honestly say she is trustworthy?”
“Kris, you’re not making any sense. Look, I screwed up with that whole gold-digger thing, and I’m sorry.”
He wasn’t even making sense to himself at this point. He didn’t want to believe what he’d seen and was hoping it was something completely different. “I found these on Kat’s phone.” 
“You went through her phone? Bro, that’s just wrong.” He looked down at the photo. “What the hell is that?”
“I didn’t go through her phone. The message just popped up as I was walking past, and I picked it up to take it to her. That’s when I saw these.”
He handed the cell phone to Matt. “It’s Dom.”
“Well, yeah, I can see that. But what’s he doing sending photos of himself to Kat?”
“Good question. Go ahead, read the text messages.” Kris felt a lump in his throat and his chest hurt. Was she really cheating on him? He thought he’d seen Dom hug her that day after the game, and Kat had brushed that off. But…
“What was the other day? Let him know if she wants him again? What the fuck is going on?” Matt sounded as incredulous as Kris felt.
“Matt, that’s what I need to know.”
“You didn’t confront her about this? You just took her phone?”
“Well, yeah.” His head had been so scattered since he saw the text messages, he didn’t know what to do, and stealing her phone and running off may not have been his best decision.
“I know you don’t want to hear this, especially from me, but you need to find out if she’s screwing Dom.”
Screwing Dom? The words didn’t even seem real. She couldn’t be. But then, why were those pictures and texts on her phone?
“You can handle this one of two ways. You can confront Kat or find Dom and demand answers.”
“Or,” Kris took a deep breath and messed with his sideburns. “I can do nothing and trust her. If I accuse her and it really is nothing, I might lose her.”
“You’re really going to do nothing?” Matt shook his head in disbelief.
“I don’t think I have much of a choice right now.”
“You’re wrong about that. You could call Dom in here right now and kick his ass.” Matt started to pace the room.
“Yeah, well I’m not going to do that. I trusted Kat before and everything worked out; this has to also.”
Kris looked at the photos and the texts one more time and decided to send them to his own phone. He didn’t know why he was torturing himself with the photos, but he needed to have the proof if he did confront her.
“Look, you can go if you want. I’m going to lift some weights. I have to do something with all this anxiety.” Kris moved to the chin up bar, hooked way too many weights around his waist and got ready to hop up on the chin-up bar. This would be a good start to working out all this stress.
“Seeing as you just strapped on half of your body weight, I think I’ll stay, just in case you need a spotter.”

****

“Hey,” Kris called, as he walked in the front door. Kat was waiting for him on the couch.
“Done already?”
“Yeah, the floor cleaner came in, so we had to get out of there, but at least I got done what I needed to.” He hated lying to her about this.
“Have you seen my phone? I can’t seem to find it.” She met him at the stairway. She ran her hand down his arm and tried to snuggle up to him.
There was no look of worry or guilt in her eyes, only love. His fingers touched her phone in his pocket, and he felt like shit that he was sneaking around and worrying about things when he didn’t know the whole truth. “I think it was in the bedroom. Let me go check.” He pulled away and hurried up the steps.
He acted like he was looking for her phone, making sure to erase any trace of him sending those screen shots to his phone before he tossed it on the bed. The hiding place where her ring was caught his eye. He wanted to marry her. Unlocking the compartment it was in, he admired it. This had to be a mix-up and things weren’t as they seemed. But what if it wasn’t? Would things work out between them? He couldn’t go through another situation like he had with Anna.
“Hey, what are you doing in there?” Kat called from the doorway, startling him. Quickly he hid the ring back in the locked drawer and turned to her.
“Nothing. I found your phone, it’s on the bed there.”
As if on cue it started to ring. “Oh look, it’s Lindsey,” Kat said before picking it up. “Hey girl. Yeah… Are we free this afternoon?” She looked at Kris and he nodded. “Yeah. Sure, we’ll meet you there.”
He was worried about that call. Maybe it’d been a dumb idea to talk to Matt about those messages. Matt and Lindsey almost ruined things for him once. Kat hung up and tucked the phone away in her pocket.
“Who are we meeting where?”
“Matt and Lindsey, this afternoon down at the cafe.” She walked over to him and kissed his cheek. “Mmm, you smell good. Guess I better get myself together.” She stopped and gave him a crooked look. “You okay, babe? You seem off.”
He felt off. But she was acting perfectly normal. The soft kisses, the cuddling, the loving worry. He couldn’t let what happened with Anna make him mistrust Kat. He’d said himself that Kat was nothing like Anna. If he wanted to keep her, trusting her was the only thing he could do. “No baby, I’m fine.” 
The knot that formed in his stomach had now taken up residence and he didn’t expect it to go anywhere any time soon. “I’m probably going to find something a little nicer to wear, maybe a polo or button-down shirt and some khaki shorts. I’m fine, you go get ready.” He slapped her in the ass as she walked away. “And I’m here if you want to model any outfits, don’t forget.” He called after her.
He got comfy on the bed while she got ready in the bathroom. He pulled out his phone and flipped through the photos. What was he missing? Something about the photos didn’t feel right. Didn’t look like the kind of pictures a guy would snap off and send to a girl. They weren’t selfies. 
Granted, the text messages didn’t look good. Was he stupid to trust her? But could he accuse her of cheating? Matt’s stupid suspicions almost made him lose her once, he couldn’t risk that again. He had to just trust her. Right?
He finished buttoning up his shirt when she emerged from the bathroom. She was stunning. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail, dangle earrings, white cut off shorts and a silky beige tank. As he gawked at her, she slid on high heeled sandals to match her shirt. “Damn baby, you look amazing.”
“Well, thank you. You don’t look too bad yourself.” She closed the distance between them. “Maybe when we come home you can help me take these clothes off?” She ran her fingers up his shirt, tracing his chest muscles.
“Definitely.” As long as Matt didn’t pull anything stupid at dinner.

****

“Hey guys! Over here!” Lindsey waved frantically from a table by the bar.
Kris immediately locked eyes with Matt, and shot him a pointed look. He was hoping his friend knew better than to pull a dick move, but then again Matt’s track record was not very convincing.
“So glad you guys could make it on such short notice. I thought it would be fun to grab some dinner. I just love this place.” Lindsey looked around. “The food is great and it’s like a big outdoor deck. Don’t you love it?”
“That remains to be seen.” Kris grumbled.
“Oh stop it!” Kat playfully hit his arm. “It’s perfect and I’m sure the food is amazing. This one was fine until we got here. Not sure what crawled up his, you-know-what.” Kat giggled and placed a small peck on his cheek.
Lindsey flagged down a waiter. “Can we get some waters, please?” 
“And four shots? Whatever you’ve got will be fine.” Matt added. Kris heard him mumble to Lindsey, “We might need them.”
Before he could tell his friend, he needed to cool it, he heard a familiar voice.
“Hey guys!”
He turned to see Dominic sitting at the bar with a very blonde, very busty companion, who was tattooed almost as much as he was.
Fuck.
“Well hey, Dom.” Kris slowly spoke. Matt outdid himself this time. This was more of a dick-move then he had ever done. Turning to berate him in every way he could think of, he saw Kat give Dom a hug, and his heart almost jumped out of his chest. What the hell?
“Hey Dominic. How’ve you been?”
“Good, and how about yourself? Any news yet?”
“No, but it’s fine.”
A surge of heat rose through him. “Kat. You know Dom?” he asked, before he realized what he was saying.
The waiter brought the shots, and he saw Matt quickly down one out of the corner of his eye.
“Sure I know Dominic. I met him at that pee-wee tournament that I was covering,” Kat explained, her eyes as innocent as her words. He had no choice but to believe her.
“Kat, I’d like you to meet my girlfriend, Tawny,” Dom said.
“Nice to meet you.” Kat held out her hand and shook Tawny’s.
“I don’t remember meeting her before?” Matt instigated.
“That’s because we haven’t been together too long. I met her over all-star break when I got my skull tattoo.”
“I am a tattoo-artist,” Tawny said.
“Yeah, she did my tattoo. Pretty cool, huh?”
None of this made any sense, and Kris was thankful he hadn’t confronted Kat when he was raging mad over those photos. “So what have you been up to lately?”
“Tawny and I have been working on some sketches for a few new tats that I’d like to get.”
“Well, sounds fun. We’ll let you two enjoy your drinks. It was nice meeting you, Tawny.” Kat followed Kris back to the table.
“I’m going to run to the little girl’s room, I’ll be right back.” She stopped to give Kris a soft kiss before she left.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Matt said, as soon as she was out of ear shot.
“I’m going to kill you. What in the hell are you thinking? I said I didn’t want to do this!” Kris was trying his hardest to not yell. He didn’t want to draw any attention to them.
“Calm down, bro. No harm, no foul. Plus we got to meet Tawny. Bonus?”
Kris took a few deep breaths. “You’re really pushing your luck.”
“Kris, listen to me.” Lindsey called for his attention. “Matt told me what happened.”
“Of course he did.” Kris grabbed a shot and downed it.
“Listen to me. I think he’s got this all wrong. Again. I didn’t feel good about the whole testing thing before, and look how that turned out. I just don’t think she’s doing anything behind your back. She’s been working so hard with that job of hers and you guys spend every minute together. Do you really think deep down that she’s fooling around?”
“No.” He barely croaked out.
“Then go with that gut instinct. Don’t let dip-shit over here tell you different.” She slapped Matt on the back of his head. “Whatever is going on, let her tell you about it.”
Lindsey was probably right. He had to let her tell him in her own time; he just hoped it would be soon. Pulling his phone out of his pocket, he deleted the photos and screen shots.
“Hey, I’m back.” Kat announced as she got to the table. “Did you miss me?” 
“More than you know.” Kris gently pulled her into a long, warm kiss.
“Wow, I’ll need to go to the bathroom more often.” She smiled and her eyes sparkled. For the moment that knot in his stomach was gone. He knew it would be back, but for now he was relaxed.

****

“Well, that food really was good. Why don’t we ever go there?” Kat asked, as they walked into their house.
Kris shrugged. “I don’t know, I guess I never thought about it.”
“Lindsey said Dominic told her about it. I guess it’s Dom’s favorite place.”
That explains why they went there. In the hopes of running into Dom.
“Kat, come here.” He gathered her up in his arms and gently kissed her lips. “I love you so much, I hope you know that.”
“Well, then I think you should take me upstairs.” She cooed and raced him up the steps to their bedroom. Kicking off her sandals, she kneeled on the bed and started to pull off her tank. “I thought you were going to help me get out of these clothes?”
Her phone buzzed.
They were about to make love and every bit of him hoped she would ignore the message. Because if it was him, they might just be over.
But she didn’t. She stopped what she was doing and her tank fell back in place. She picked up her phone and scrolled through her message. Kris held his breath.
Her face lit up as she set her phone down. “Baby, I have to tell you something.” Oh no. “I’ve been keeping a little secret and I feel really bad about it, but I was just so nervous. If things didn’t work out the way I wanted them to, I didn’t want to feel like a failure. And if no one knew, well, then it wouldn’t be so hard to deal with.”
This didn’t sound good. “Kat, you’re rambling. What’s going on?” Nothing about this sounded good, except for the fact that she looked excited, giddy almost.
She hopped back onto the bed and took his hand. “Okay, here goes. I’ve been working on a side project. That message was the editor of Sports Monthly Magazine. They want me on as a freelance interviewer.” Kat bounced up and down on the bed with excitement.
Kris was completely confused, a bit relieved, yet confused. “Baby, that’s great, but I don’t think I understand.”
“Well, I met Dominic at the pee-wee tournament, when I found out his little brother was playing on one of the teams. I was complaining a little more than I should’ve been about my job, then it came to me. What if I did an interview of an up and coming star, like Dominic? He liked the idea from the start. We met a few more times and I had everything I needed for a kick-ass article, but we needed photographs. Every good interview has photos.”
As she was talking, things were slowly falling into place and his heart was starting to beat normally.
“You know my camera man, Kenny? Well, he gave me the name of a photographer and found us a place to do the shoot. Dominic was a real trooper, but he wanted to pick the photos he liked, so I let him have control of that. He seemed pretty concerned with how he looked, since they were shirtless. I figured he’s a good-looking young man; the ladies would go crazy over a shirtless photo of him and all those tattoos. Anyway, once he texted me the ones he picked, I attached them and sent my article off to the magazine.”
Every single thing was matching up, and she was so excited about this… why did he ever doubt her?
“At first I planned to use the article to get me noticed at work. But then I got thinking about what you said about me going freelance so we could spend more time together. So I decided to try.”
Her eyes were glowing, and besides the obvious, this was the best news he could hear.
“Kris this is big! They loved the article and want me to freelance for them monthly, which means I get to interview sports stars! No more ballerinas on ice or pee-wee hockey games!” She flung her arms around him.
He squeezed her tight and kissed the hollow of her neck. “Beautiful, why didn’t you tell me about this? I could’ve helped you set things up.”
Kat pulled back and smiled. “I know you would’ve, but that’s exactly why I kept it secret. If I’m going to make it as a freelance writer, I needed to do this all on my own, if for no other reason than to prove to myself that I could do it.”
She wrapped her arms around him again, and he held her tight. His voice was thick as he whispered, “I am so proud of you, I really am.”
CHAPTER 25
Kat woke to an empty house. Kris was going to go skate early with Matt and then take care of some errands. Once he came home they were going to dinner at Ice.
Instead of sitting around a quiet house, Kat took a leisurely walk around the neighborhood. The weather was warm with a nice breeze, but by the time she got home she was hot and sweaty.
Once back at the house she grabbed a bottle of water, glancing out the window at the inviting pool. 
“Huh, you know, I think I’m going to do some laps,” Kat said aloud. 
She changed into her bikini. Kris hadn’t told her what errands he had to run, so she had no idea what time he’d be home.
Five laps later, she paused, dunked underwater, then smoothed her hair back against her head. The water was cool and refreshing against her hot skin, and she realized how much she enjoyed swimming as exercise. The pool party the other night had been a success, but it was nice to have it all to herself this morning. 
Gliding back across the water she swam five more laps, making a mental note to swim laps every day. Through her water filled eyes, she saw Kris step out on to the back porch looking for her. She’d been so engrossed in her swim, she hadn’t even heard his car pull up.
Finishing her lap, she swam to the side of the pool where he waited for her. His blue jeans tightened around his legs as he squatted, and his black t-shirt hugged his toned chest and arms.
“Hey, beautiful,” he said, his voice low and sexy. “Mind if I join you?”
“I’d love it.”
He jogged into the house, minutes later returning in his trunks. He set some towels on a lounge chair. Hopping into the shallow end of the pool, he was still wearing his sunglasses. Seeing him in his trunks and no shirt made her body tingle. She stopped her laps for a minute and swam over to him.
“Hey, hot stuff,” she smiled and put her arms around his neck. He leaned in and kissed her. Sitting down on a cement step, he sat Kat on his thigh. The water level was perfect; it fell just at her chest. 
He looks so sexy in his sunglasses, with his damp hair falling loosely around his face. 
He ran his fingers through his hair to toss it to one side. Then he moved his face close to hers and cradled her head in his hand. Kissing her gently, he tugged at her bottom lip slightly, playfully, as he pulled away. She ran her hand down his chiseled chest and he pulled her closer and kissed her again.
She opened her mouth, inviting him in. A fire blazed through her body as he kissed her, moving his tongue over her lips and into her warm mouth. His fingers skimmed along her skin from her neck, down her bare back. Pulling away from her lips, he rested his forehead on hers.
He shook his head, smiling.
She ran her hands over him, tracing invisible lines on his chest. He was so muscular; she liked that. He had her all worked up already, but he could do that with just one touch.
“Too bad there really isn’t time for any fun this afternoon.” Kris whined. “If we went upstairs now, we’d never make it to dinner. Did you have lunch yet, babe?”
“No, but I wanted to finish my laps first.” She knew the disappointment showed on her face. This wasn’t going to lead anywhere right now. “You want to join me?” She swam away, hoping he’d swim with her.
Without a word, Kris joined in beside her. Together they swam laps for twenty minutes.
Pausing at the deep end of the pool, they held onto the side to catch their breath. 
“So, how about I bring us out some fruit salad, then we can go get ready for dinner?” Kris asked. “I’ll race you to the steps?” Not waiting for an answer, he swam away.
Kat chased after him, but it was no use. Kris had won. He dunked backwards in the water to wet his hair and pushed it back with his hand.
She stood up inches from him, her body tingling. That hair got her every time. Looking into his eyes, she kissed his lips softly, then quickly turned and ran up the cement steps from the pool deck, yelling, “Last one out is a rotten egg!”
Kris laughed, shaking his head, and chased after her. As she was reaching for her towel, he grabbed her from behind, pulled her to him and made her giggle. He kissed the top of her shoulder, then the back of her neck. Twirling around to face him, she wanted the feel of his wet body slick against hers. His swim trunks were soaking wet, pressed against her. He kissed her forehead and smiled.
“What was that?” She laughed. She expected more than a peck on her forehead.
Kris grabbed a towel and handed it to her, then dried off with his. “I should go get that fruit. And that was me keeping our plans on track for tonight…” He flashed her a gorgeous smile.
Well, hell, that smile can get him off the hook for anything! She laughed.
Kris returned with two bowls of fruit salad.
“So, what exactly is the plan for tonight? Just dinner at Ice, right?”
“Yep. After we’re done here, we should go start getting ready for dinner.”
When they were finished, Kris put her bowl with his and carried them into the house.

****

She looked through her closet for something to wear and pulled out a dark blue form fitting dress with a low neckline. It would look nice with the new heels she just bought. As she started to get dressed, Kris appeared from the bathroom, a towel fastened around his trim hips and his hair still dripping wet from the shower. He smells so good.
“Wow, that looks nice,” Kris said as she smoothed her dress down, and stepped into her sexy stiletto heels. “Guess I need to figure out what to wear…” He just stared at her.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to look in your closet and decide?” She giggled and turned him around to face his closet, but not before she ran her hand along his clean, bare chest, then ran her lips against his skin.
“Tu es mignonne et attirante,” Kris said over his shoulder. He smiled at Kat. She had no idea what he’d said, but she liked how it sounded. “You are so cute and tempting.”
Her face burned. She loved his accent, but when he spoke in French that really got her. And of course, he knew that.
Kat finished her makeup in the bathroom while he was getting dressed. When she returned to the bedroom, he had on a pinstripe grey suit and a very light blue dress shirt with a tie that matched her dress. Kat loved seeing Kris in a suit, his sense of style smooth and classic.
“Wow, don’t you look nice!” She kissed him on his cheek.
“We look pretty awesome…” Kris said with a wink.

****

There was not much traffic, so it only took fifteen minutes to get to Ice. Kris gave their name to the hostess. When he’d made the reservations, he clued the hostess in on his plans for the evening, and made sure they would be seated in a quiet area. The hostess led them to a back corner, away from the bar.
Kat slid into the booth first, then Kris slid in beside her. The restaurant lights were subdued, and the table glowed with candles. A clear vase in the middle of the table held an arrangement of flowers. It was perfect, just the way he’d planned.
In the candlelight, her blue eyes sparkled. She smiled shyly when she caught his glance. The waitress brought over white wine, warm bread and salads.
“Wow, you had everything planned, didn’t you?” Kat smiled.
“I did. Impressed? Well, I planned everything but the main course. You actually get to choose that yourself.” His voice shook as he chuckled. “It’s nice though, don’t you think? Not that it isn’t always nice here, it is just…” Kris searched for the English words to describe it. “Extra nice tonight?” He shrugged. 
Kris was trying to make this night special. They came here often with friends; tonight needed to be different. He looked over the table. The hostess had done a great job of following his requests to make sure everything was perfect.
“Yes, it is very nice.” As Kat finished her salad, the waitress took their dinner orders. Kris ordered a grilled chicken and vegetables, and Kat ordered chicken with a mushroom sauce and vegetables.
Kris grabbed her hand with his, and smiled. “I love you, beautiful. I think I have since the moment I saw you at the arena.” Her face turned a light shade of pink. “Yes, nacho cheese and all.”
She giggled, touching her chin where she had spilled nacho cheese that night. She dropped a little kiss onto his lips. “I love you too, babe.”
The waitress delivered their main courses and refilled their wine glasses. As she walked away, Kris lifted his glass and they clinked their glasses together. Neither of them spoke much as they ate, because everything tasted so good. Kat did look up at him a few times and caught him staring at her. After they were finished eating the main course, Kat snuggled next to him as they drank their wine.
He reached into his pocket and fiddled with the small box. Tonight, she made him nervous. She was so beautiful sitting there, with the candles lighting up her face. He had never felt like this before. 
He watched her in the candlelight and rubbed nervously at his five o’clock shadow. She really was amazing. He was so glad she had agreed to move in with him. Being on the road was hard, but it was so nice to have her to come home to. He hadn’t thought this would be so difficult, but she made his heart race and his head dizzy.
The waitress interrupted his thought. “Excuse me, but are we ready for dessert?”
Well, that was his cue. If he didn’t do it now, he wasn’t sure when he would get up the courage again. He had previously planned with the wait staff for them to wait ten minutes after suggesting dessert before delivering it. That would give him time to make his move.
He tried not to look nervous, but kept looking at his hands, working up the courage. Taking in a big breath, he gently grabbed Kat’s hand. “Hey, beautiful.” He made up his mind; this was his moment, it was now or never. “Come over here with me.” He slid out of the booth, and tugged at her hand so she would slide to the end of the booth with him.
“Right there.” He motioned for Kat to stay seated at the end of the booth. Kat glanced up at him, her eyebrows slanted in confusion. He pulled the little white box out of his pocket, and dropped to one knee in front of her. In front of the entire restaurant. The room grew quiet once the other patrons saw what he was doing.
Kat gasped as he opened the box, holding it out to her. “Kat, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. I… I know it has only been six months, but I have… I’ve never felt like this before. You’re beautiful and amazing…” His accent was thick right now and he was tripping over his English. He cleared his throat and continued. “I have never in my life been so happy, and it’s all because of you.”
Kat’s eyes sparkled with tears as he stumbled over his words. Kris took the ring out of the box and held it out to her. “Kat Torella,” his hands shook as he took her hand in his. “Will you give me the honor of being my wife?”
Kat squealed and squeaked out a single word. “YES!”
Kris slid the ring onto her finger, and as he stood up, she jumped out of the booth and right into his arms. He hugged her tight. “Je t’aime… I love you,” he whispered in her ear.
Of course they were being watched by other patrons at Ice; the crowd roared with applause. Kat lowered her face, realizing they had an audience, and Kris tilted her head towards his as he felt her become shy. He kissed her lips lightly, two, then three times. He wanted her to forget everyone was watching and focus only on him.
The waitress approached them, holding a tray with one piece of Tiramisu and two spoons.
“Alright, beautiful, let’s have a seat.” He acknowledged the applauding restaurant. “Thanks, everyone!”
The waitress sat the dessert in front of them and refilled their wine glasses.
“A toast,” Kris said, as he lifted his glass to meet hers. “To the woman that I love. Mon amour, my love. To us.” They clinked their glasses and both took a sip.
Kat looked at her hand. “Kris, it’s gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous!” She wiggled her finger, watching the diamond glitter in the candlelight. “You are amazing, you really are. You planned all this, and I must say it was orchestrated very well!”
“Do you like the ring? I hope it fits okay. If you don’t—” 
“I love it! And it fits perfectly!” 
He thought it suited her, platinum, with a princess cut diamond surrounded by smaller diamonds and diamonds also wrapped around the band. 
“It really is amazing,” she said, smiling. She suddenly looked up at him with wide eyes. For a moment he thought something was wrong. Then she squealed, “I’m going to be Mrs. Kristopher Lafleur… Oh my God!”
Kris laughed a little, happy that Kat was beaming.
Kris gave her a light kiss on her lips. Then he fed her a piece of Tiramisu. “Beautiful,” Kris started, “I just wanted to say I have never been so happy.”
“Not even when you lifted the Cup?” Kat smiled, making him smile even wider.
“No, not even when I was holding the Cup.” He took her hand in his. “I love you, babe, I love you so much… I know we’ve only been together a short time, but I don’t… I don’t remember my life before you…” He started to choke up, tripping over his English again.
He gave Kat a soft kiss on her lips. There was still some Tiramisu left; he put a little piece of it on his fork and fed it to her, still sitting only inches from her.
Their audience had since gone back to their own meals, giving the happy couple their privacy. “This might sound silly, but Matt made me swear I would text him as soon as you said yes.” He chuckled.
“Seriously?” Kat laughed. “After everything he was worried about me?”
“He didn’t know you then. And now he knows how important you are to me, he wants to know what you said.”
“He’s such a girl! Go ahead, call the princess…”
“It’s hysterical how easy you two get along now. I’m glad, ’cause he’s a good guy.” Kris was glad that she was finally comfortable in his world, and with his friends. “Well, to be honest, he went with me to pick out the ring,” Kris admitted.
“Aw, that’s sweet, a real bro moment. Okay, I’m done picking on poor Matt.” She chuckled. “And I suppose I forgive him for thinking I was no good for you. He is a good friend. Go ahead, text him, and I’ll text Gia.” 
Kat pulled out her cell phone and took a photo of her ring, she sent the photo to Gia with the message: Guess What?
Kris used his phone to take a shot of him and Kat. She held her hand up so the ring was in the photo, he texted it to Matt, with the message: She said YES!
Kat’s phone rang and she answered it, holding the phone out from her ear as Gia screamed with excitement. Kat spoke to her for a moment, and then hung up. Kris laughed. “Wow, that girl has some lungs on her.”
“I know, right? She’s very happy for us. And you know what else? I swear I heard Ty in the background.” Kat giggled.
“No way, huh?” Kris knew Ty had been hanging out with Gia, but he knew she hadn’t told Kat yet. Gia would tell her when she was ready. After all, look how long it took Kat to tell her family about him.

****

Kris finished lighting the fire pit and sat down on the cushy patio love seat, snuggling next to Kat as she enjoyed a celebratory glass of wine.
“Now the question is, how long do you want to wait to get married?” he asked, taking a sip.
“Oh shit, I don’t even know!” Her eyes were wide as she jumped to her feet. “Did you tell Patrick yet? We need to tell our parents…” She paced across the porch.
Kris laughed before he cut her off. “I texted Pat. Now relax a minute and come here you. Sit beside me.” He patted the cushion beside him. Putting his arm around her, he pulled her close.
She sat listening to his heartbeat, holding him tight, feeling the warmth of his body through his dress shirt. Finally, she gazed into his big brown eyes.
“So?” he asked.
“I have no idea. Do you want to do it before the season starts? Or wait until next summer?” But before he could answer, she sat up and blurted out, “I don’t want to wait.” She looked down at the ring. She loved the way it sparkled beside the fire. “I really don’t want to wait.” 
“Really?” He smiled. “I don’t want to wait either.” He leaned over, cupped her face in his hand and kissed her lips. “So, before the season starts then? Can we get something together that fast?”
“Yes, before the season starts.” She kissed him back, his lips so warm. Excitement raced through her. “Before the season starts! I am sure I can manage, and I am sure you being Kris Lafleur will help. Gia can come over tomorrow and we can start some planning. I’m getting way too ahead of myself for tonight. But, I do have one suggestion.” 
“And what is that one suggestion?” he asked, “Should I be nervous?”
“No, of course not! Do you think we should invite our parents over so everyone can meet?” Saying the words made her a nervous wreck. She had barely spoken to her parents since they went to Florida, and they had stayed extra-long this time, enjoying the retired life. She had mentioned to them that she and Kris were dating but they hadn’t met Kris and she still hadn’t met Kris’s parents.
“Um, okay, let’s talk about that tomorrow. Before we get too busy planning, I think it is time for bed, don’t you, soon-to-be Mrs. Lafleur?” He stood up and held out his hand to her.
“Mrs. Lafleur…” She giggled. “Yes, I think you’re right, Mr. Lafleur.”
CHAPTER 26

Ding-Dong! Ding-Dong! Ding-Dong! Ding-Dong!
“Who in the hell is that?” Kris mumbled, barely awake.
“What? Who?” Kat rolled over, pulling the covers over her head. “Maybe they’ll go away.”
The doorbell rang again and again.
“Or not.” He sighed and slowly sat up. He wasn’t planning on any early morning visitors, and had hoped for a nice morning to cuddle with his new fiancée. “Guess I’ll go see who it is.”
Kat rolled over, grunted and hid under the covers.
The doorbell rang a few more times as he went downstairs. What the hell? Whoever it was needed to shut up. It was too early for this.
“Finally!” An excited Gia exclaimed as Kris opened the door. “Sorry to wake you guys up, but I couldn’t wait to come over!” She swung her arms around his neck and hugged him. “Congratulations, brother! Welcome to the family!”
“Hi, Gia, thanks. Come on in.” Sleepily he smiled before yelling up the steps. “Kat! Your sister is here! Time to get up, sleeping beauty!”
“What? Gia?” They heard Kat groan. “I’ll be down in a few…”
“She’s such a morning person.” Gia said, giggling.
Kris shook his head. Yawning, he walked towards the kitchen. “I’m gonna make some coffee. You want some, Gia?”
“Sure! I brought doughnuts.” Gia handed him the bakery box.
“Well thanks, Gia. That was nice. I know Kat will love those. You know her.” He chuckled.
“Duh! Of course I do! Sorry again for the early wake up call.” Gia grinned. “Didn’t mean to interrupt the… celebrating…” 
“Stop apologizing. It’s okay.” He handed her a cup of coffee, and sat down beside her at the high top table. He took a long sip of the hot liquid before he spoke again. “I’m going to get myself together after Kat comes down, then maybe I’ll be nice and run out and maybe get Kat some more goodies, sound okay? You hungry?” 
“Actually, I’m hungry as hell. I forgot to eat breakfast!” 
They heard Kat saunter down the stairs. Kris watched her move slowly down the hall to the kitchen, she was beautiful. She had on short jeans shorts, and a light pink tank top, with a black one peeking out underneath. She was barefoot, and her toenails were painted bright pink. Her brown hair bounced on her shoulders with every step she took, and her smile was brighter today than he had ever noticed. He walked over to her, grabbed her around the waist, and pulled her to him, kissing her lips hard. He didn’t want to let her go.
After Gia cleared her throat a few times, Kat pushed him away. “Wow, what was that for?” Kat giggled, but he knew she liked it.
“Because you looked so sexy walking down the hall. I couldn’t help myself. You’re so beautiful.” He smiled, then turned to Gia. “Okay, ladies, I’ll leave you two to talk.” Quickly, he disappeared upstairs.

****

Gia ran over to Kat and hugged her. “Let me see! Let me see!” She said, jumping up and down. Kat put her hand out, showing off the ring. “Kat, it’s amazing! I’m so happy for you both!” Gia squealed.
“Thanks, sis. Ooh, doughnuts!” Kat noticed the box on the counter. She sat beside her sister with her coffee, taking a bite of a doughnut. “Did you bring these?” she said with her mouth full, some powder sugar spraying out.
“Yes I did, slob.” Gia laughed as Kat brushed away all the powder sugar that fell out of her mouth and onto her shirt. She grabbed her own doughnut. “I’m starving.” She took a huge mouthful, finishing it in three bites.
“What else is new?”
“Ha ha… funny. So, damn. That ring is amazing. Your boy did a nice job!” Gia said.
“I know! He said Matt went with him.” Kat moved her hand around in the light; she couldn’t get enough of watching it sparkle.
Gia reached for another doughnut and handed the box to Kat. “I know you want another one…” She taunted.
Kat, reluctant at first, grabbed another. She set it on her plate. “Gia, we have a lot of planning to do. We decided we want to get married before the season starts.”
“Sure, I think we can do that. We throw Kris’s name around a little and it shouldn’t be a problem. Tyler’s too.” 
No one in Pittsburgh was going to turn down something for Kris Lafleur, or Tyler Kidd. No one. Taking a bite of her doughnut, she again looked down to see most of the sugar on her shirt. As she was wiping it away Kris popped his head in the kitchen.
“Slob,” Gia mumbled to Kat.
“Ladies, I’m headed out to the store to get some iced coffees, you interested?”
“Hell yes!” Gia answered.
“I’m afraid to see what you would be like on any more caffeine.” He shook his head. “I’ll be back soon, and I might bring goodies.” He smiled as he kissed Kat. “Back in a few, beautiful.”
“So, did you not sleep last night or something?” Kat asked her sister as Gia yawned.
“Actually”—she took a sip of coffee—“I really didn’t.”
“Do I want to know what you were up late doing last night?” Kat made a face. “I know you’re excited about our engagement, but something else is going on isn’t it?” She finished her doughnut.
“As a matter of a fact there is, but it’s so minor compared to your news.” Gia grabbed another doughnut too, but this time she dipped it in her coffee. “I told Mom and Dad that I’m moving out.” She looked at Kat’s face. “Yes, you heard correctly. I’m moving out of their rent-free garage apartment.”
“Um, okay. Good for you.” Kat scrunched up her brow in confusion. “Where are you going to go?” 
“Well, I found an apartment out this way that I like. I just love it, and I can afford it,” she said as she bounced around in her seat.
“Wait. Out this way?”
“Seeing you here with Kris gave me a kick in the butt. I don’t want to live over Mom and Dad’s garage all my life!” Gia watched as Kat laughed at her. “I know, I know. Welcome to adulthood, right?”
“Yes, and I’m glad.” Kat reached over and hugged her sister. “My little sister is finally growing up! Yay!”
“See, it wasn’t so big compared to yours. But I was so excited with everything that was going on, and I couldn’t sleep,” Gia said, smiling.
“Wait a minute. Let me get this all straight. Did you already get the apartment? How?”
“Well, yes, I got the apartment. I’m moving in tomorrow.” Gia avoided Kat’s stare and took the last bite of her doughnut.
“So, where did you get the money?”	
“Well, Tyler lent it to me…” Kat opened her mouth but Gia interrupted her, pointing her finger. “Don’t… just hear me out. He lent me some of the money. I had enough for half of what needed to be put down and he offered to loan me the other half. I insisted that I’d pay him back when I earned enough money. So, it’s just a loan, okay?”
“Okay.” Kat answered. “Why are these Renegades so damn sweet and generous?” Kat mumbled.
“That’s it? Just okay?” Gia’s eyebrows shot up. 
“Yep, okay.” Kat just smiled. “You really like him, huh?”
“Yeah,” Gia said quietly. “Plus, I like this area, and if I move out here then I don’t have to travel so far to visit you.” She looked down at her coffee, and ran her finger over the edge of the mug.
“And, it is closer to Tyler,” Kat added.
“Well… yes.” Gia glanced up from her coffee, and smiled. “Okay, okay. Tyler and I have been hanging out a lot. Not really dates, but going out. But I like him and I think he likes me too.” Gia gushed.
“And why wouldn’t he? You are a Torella, you’re hot!” Kat laughed.
“Damn right…” Gia giggled. “The only thing is I like having him as a friend. I’ve never had a friend like him.” Gia’s face grew serious. “If things happened to go bad, I wouldn’t want to hurt him. I have no intention of getting involved since he plays with Kris. I know you guys are close.”
“Well, you need to tell him that he’s just a friend first. I’ve seen him smile at you. I’m pretty sure he likes you more than a friend. If I were you, I’d let him know you treasure his friendship. Good friends are hard to find.”
“Thanks for the pep talk, sis. But enough about me.” We have things to plan! Did you guys set a date yet?”
“No, we’re trying to figure that out.” Kat smiled.
“You still have to tell Mom and Dad, right?”
Kat covered her face with her hands.
“Kat! You have to tell them!”
“I know, I know. But, well… they don’t know much about Kris. I mean, I only told them we were dating. So, I’m not sure if they’ll be as excited as you are.” Kat’s eyes never left the table as she traced circles in her mess of powder sugar.
“Kat, you know Dad will be ecstatic! Can you imagine him bragging about his son-in-law, the Pittsburgh Renegade?” Gia said, laughing.
“Yeah, I know. But Mom—”
“I know, she’ll be a harder sell, but you have to tell them.” Gia implored.
“Yeah, yeah. So I was thinking about having everyone over for dinner before the big day. Flying Kris’s parents in for the weekend, and flying Mom and Dad up too. What do you think?”
“That sounds like a good idea. You’ll cook?”
“I don’t know. I could, I guess. And of course you and Patrick would be invited.”
Gia rolled her eyes.
“Why the face?”
“Didn’t you see how Patrick was looking at me during the pool party? Yech!”
“I thought you liked being eye candy, G?” Kat said, trying to hold in her laughter.
“I usually do.” She giggled. “But he was creeping me out.”
“Was he really creeping you out? Or did you secretly like it?” Kat poked her shoulder.
“Shut up! I’m not talking about Patrick anymore! Back to the party planning. I can help you cook. We can do a nice Italian meal.”
“Well, that’s a good thing, since I suck at it. And if Kris cooks, it’ll be all chicken, steamed rice and some rabbit food.” Kat covered her mouth as she laughed.
“Poor Kris.” Gia shook her head. “Okay, let’s look at the calendar here. Hey, what about August twenty-fourth? Or something around there? That will make it right before training camp starts.”
“Okay, I’ll run that by Kris. Speak of the devil…” Kat said, as Kris walked in the door with the iced coffees.
“Ladies. Figure anything out?” He smiled and handed each of them an iced coffee. Then he put a bakery box on the table.
“Oooh, what’s that?” Kat perked up. “More goodies?”
“It’s a snack, for later.” When Kat flashed him a pouty look, he said, “At least wait until lunch, okay?” 
“Alright, well, we have some work to do anyway. You need to call your parents and I need to call mine. Dinner here next weekend.” Kat smiled.
“Whatever you say, babe.”

****

Kat had procrastinated enough this morning. She needed to call her parents. Ugh. She was not looking forward to that conversation. She decided it was now or never. Especially since her parents needed to prepare for a trip to Pittsburgh. Okay, Kat, you need to make the call NOW.
“Hi, Mom,” she said, as her mother picked up.
“Katherine dear, hello.”
“Am I on speaker phone? Is Daddy there?” Kat knew her well enough.
“Yep! Hi, kiddo! It’s nice to hear from you, sunshine! What’s new?” her dad asked loudly.
“Hi Daddy! As a matter of fact, I have some news for you guys.” Kat’s voice shook nervously.
Cece Torella spoke up. “Oh no, did you and the hockey player break up? Oh darn. Well, that was bound to happen, dear. I’m sure you’ll find someone that you’re more suited for.”
More suited for? What the hell did that mean? They hadn’t been on the phone for two minutes and her mother was already throwing backhanded insults.
“No! That’s not why you are calling, is it kiddo? I was really looking forward to meeting him.” Her dad sounded concerned.
“No, Dad, quite the opposite. Actually, he proposed. We’re getting married!” Kat squealed.
Her mom was silent, but her father was going nuts. “No way! Married! I’m gonna be the father-in-law of a Pittsburgh Renegade! Kris Lafleur is going to be my son-in-law! Congratulations, kiddo! I’m so happy for you!”
Kat smiled. That was the exact response she expected from him. Her adrenaline raced waiting for her mother’s.
“Oh?” Her mom said, unimpressed. “But it’s so fast. Are you sure you want to marry so soon after meeting him? I mean, is he sure? It’s all so sudden. Maybe you should take some more time. Make sure—”
“Make sure what, Mom? Make sure he really wants to marry me? Or make sure he doesn’t wake up and think he made a mistake?” Kat angrily interrupted her mother. She should’ve seen this coming.
“Cece, cut it out. Kat, this is wonderful news! We’re so excited for you! He must be something special in order to win over my girl.” Her dad gushed.
“He really is, Daddy. I can’t wait for you to meet him. So, we’ll be having dinner at our house. That way everyone can get acquainted. Kris will send you guys plane tickets, so watch for those.”
“I don’t know if we’ll be able to make it up, dear. We’re so busy… we might have plans already—” 
“Nonsense, Cece! Seriously, what would we have plans doing? Shuffleboard? Kat, dear, we will be there! Nothing is more important than my little girl! Tell Kris that is very nice of him to fly us up; he didn’t have to do that. Can’t wait to see you, dear! Say goodbye, Cece.”
Her mom mumbled, “Goodbye, Katherine.”
“Bye, Mom, bye, Daddy. See you soon!”
She took a big breath. Holy freaking hell. That was not painless, but at least she could say it was done.
CHAPTER 27

“Are Mom and Dad here yet?” Gia blurted out as soon as Kat opened the door.
“No, come on in.” Kat was so nervous that she almost didn’t realize that Tyler was with her sister. “Well hey there, Ty.” She tried not to sound surprised.
“Hi, Kat.” Tyler nodded. He looked very nice today, wearing a pair of dark dress slacks and a nice light grey polo shirt. His hair wasn’t its normal wavy, tussled look. It was brushed neatly and looked damp.
Kat showed them into the living room. “Well, Ty, you look nice.” 
Before Tyler could answer, Gia loudly butted in. “He wants to impress Mom and Dad. Shouldn’t they simply be impressed that he is goddamn Tyler Kidd?” Gia was freaking out, not hiding her nerves well at all. “Ugh, these heels are killing my damn feet!” She cursed as she kicked her shoes off and laid her feet on the soft carpet.
“Relax, G, you know Daddy will. He loves the Renegades.” Kat assured her.
Gia wasn’t as dressed up as Tyler, but she looked very nice. She had a sexy sense of style and today was no exception. She looked hot in black halter top that tied behind her neck; it left her whole back exposed, and her tattoo on the small of her back peeked out. Her dark slacks were snug at the waist but flared out like an A from her thighs to her ankles. The girl always looked like a super model, but apparently, her open-toed high heels looked better than they felt. 
“But Mom…” Kat winced. “Well, good luck with that. You’re on your own with her. I’ll be dodging insults all night, I fear. You know, the cutesy insults that you never see coming? She’s so good at that!”
“I know. But at least Daddy was over the moon about Kris when you called. Don’t worry.” Now a little calmer, she sat on the couch, and rubbed her feet. “Oh, and sorry I didn’t tell you that I was bringing Tyler.”
“That’s fine, but come on, let me in on what exactly is going on with you two.” Kat looked between Gia and Tyler, who gave a little smile. “You’re obviously introducing him to Mom and Daddy today, or he wouldn’t be here.” She gave Gia a serious look, wanting a straight answer and no more games.
“Alright, fine. I have no idea what we are, exactly. I guess you can say we are dating. But honestly”—she looked up at Tyler, who was standing by the fireplace quietly, doing his best to stay out of this very sisterly conversation—“and more importantly, Tyler is a good friend.” 
She got up and moved towards Tyler. He slid his hand around her waist, and she wrapped her arms around his middle. “I guess we could label it girlfriend and boyfriend. But we really are just enjoying each other’s company.”
Tyler nodded in agreement, but Kat just looked at them both.
“What? No crude comments about sex?” Gia asked.
“No, Gia, I’m not you!” Kat laughed. “Besides, I wouldn’t embarrass Ty that way.” She checked the time on her phone. “Well, Kris should be home any minute.  He and Patrick went to the airport to pick up his parents.” Kat turned and walked to the kitchen. “Can I get either of you a drink?” she called.
Gia ran after Kat, and grabbed her shoulder, “Patrick? Really?” She gasped. “Why did you invite him? Don’t you remember how he was ogling me at the pool party?” She faked a little shiver. Gia had a flare for the dramatic.
“Um, yeah. I told you that he was coming. Plus, I always thought you liked being ogled.” Kat laughed as Gia shot her a stern look. “Pat is his cousin. He and Kris are like brothers, so of course he’s invited. And he really isn’t as bad as he seems.” She shrugged at Gia, then grabbed a wine glass, and poured herself a drink. She took a sip, frowning at Gia in confusion. Then it dawned on her. “Oh, I get it. Yes, I know Patrick has a thing for you. Trust me, I know. He makes no secret about it. But he will behave. He wouldn’t act like that around Kris’s parents, so relax. Want a beer?”
“Please.” She grabbed the beer out of Kat’s hand and took one for Tyler too. Then she moved towards Kat again. “You think that he really has a thing for me?”
Kat knew it! Gia did like the attention.
“So… you and Ty?” Kat teased quietly, glancing over at poor sweet Tyler in the living room alone. Poor guy, here alone with us two neurotic girls.
“Stop it!” Gia was never shy about sex before, but she sure was shy about Tyler. “No, okay? No. I haven’t slept with him yet, is that what you want to know?” Gia snapped, but then smiled. “Not yet…” She teased, before walking back to Tyler.
“Hello?” Kris called from the doorway. “We’re home!” He moved into the hallway with his parents, and Patrick behind him.
“Hey, beautiful…”
Kat hurried out into the foyer, and Kris kissed her hello.
He turned to Kat. “Babe, this is my Mom and Dad, Matthieu and Claire Lafleur. Momma, Papa, this is Kat.”
“Kat, it is so nice to meet you!” Claire spoke with a flowing French accent, and quickly moved towards Kat to give her a great big hug. “You are a very beautiful girl, my dear.” She placed her hand on Kat’s cheek, smiling. “And congratulations are in order I hear!” Claire was a small woman, much shorter than Kat. Her brown hair was thick and wavy, framing her face although most of it was pulled back in a bun. When she smiled her whole face lit up. A very pretty beige scarf tied stylishly around her neck matched her blouse. “Let’s see this ring I have heard so much about!”
Kat held out her hand for Claire. “My dear, that is beautiful! Kristopher, you did such a good job!” Kris smiled, and almost looked embarrassed. “I always said he had exquisite taste.” She beamed proudly.
“Thanks, Momma.” Kris turned a light shade of pink.
Matthieu moved beside his wife. “Kat, it is a pleasure to meet you. We have heard such wonderful things about you. Thank you both for inviting us over. It has been too long since we last visited.”
He was a kind looking man, tall like Kris, with thinning gray hair, and a gentle smile. Kat was sure she knew where Kris inherited his smile from. They both had very thick accents, but spoke English almost as well as Kris did.
“Well, it is very nice to finally meet both of you!” Kat replied. 
Behind them, Patrick waved to her.
“Hi, Patrick, nice to see you again!”
“Good to see you, Kat.” He came forward and gave her a hug. “And congratulations!” 
Kat noticed he was hugging her extra-long and she realized he could see over her shoulder to Gia in the living room. “Behave…” she whispered in his ear.
He chuckled and let her out of his embrace, smiling a very devilish grin back at her.
Oh Lord, she thought. “I don’t like the look of that grin, Patrick,” she scolded.
Kris called into the living room, “Ty! Hey, bud! Hi, Gia, very nice of you to come, thanks!”
“Let’s move into the living room where you guys can sit down.” Kris nudged them on. “Momma, Papa, you remember Tyler?”
“Tyler! It is nice to see you again, young man!” Matthieu jovially greeted Tyler, shaking his hand.
“And this is Gia, Kat’s little sister.”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Lafleur.” Gia smiled and shook both their hands. Then she slid her hand into Tyler’s. Claire caught that subtle move, and smiled at Gia.
Patrick walked over to Tyler; they greeted one another and fist bumped. Gia slid out of his arms and snuck away to find Kat.
As she rounded the corner to the kitchen, Patrick appeared beside Gia. 
“Gia, nice to see you again.” He growled in a sexy voice and flashed a flirty smile.
“Patrick, hi. How are you?” Gia politely but nervously asked.
“Hey, Patrick. Kris’s parents are real sweethearts.” Kat smiled, diverting his attention. She could see the look on Gia’s face, and she knew Patrick well enough to know he was about to turn into a cocky creep. Mostly, she was afraid that Gia would like it.
Kris called, “Babe, I think your parents are here.”
Her stomach churned at his words, and reluctantly she walked into the hallway. Taking a long deep breath, she opened the front door just as her parents reached the porch. “Mom. Daddy. Come in!” She nervously smiled. “I wish you guys would’ve let us pick you up at the airport.”
“Nonsense, dear,” Cece said, shaking her head, then barely kissing Kat on the cheek. “We took a cab home, and settled in. It was just as easy to bring our own car all of the way out here. Katherine, maybe you should’ve worn something less revealing. You know, not so snug, some things are inappropriate for company,” she added the last part in a whisper. “Gianna, dear, hello!” Cece smiled as Gia approached.
Kat shook her head. That comment hurt. Almost unconsciously, Kat crossed her arms over her stomach. She’d thought the dress made her look sexy the way it hugged her curves. Kris loved her curves. But her mother didn’t see it that way. Even after all she’d been through, she struggled to shake off that comment, and there would surely be more to come. This was going to be a fun night. 
Sighing, she hugged her dad hello. “Hi, Daddy! It’s really good to see you. I see you got some sun.” She admired his sun-kissed complexion.
“Mom, Daddy, please come into the living room, everyone is here.” She led the way to Kris. “Mom, Daddy, this is Kri—.”
“Kris Lafleur.” Jay shook his head smiling. “Jay Torella. Pleasure to meet you, son. Never thought my Kat would end up with a hockey player.” Jay chuckled. “I’m a huge fan. I am so happy for you two!” Jay shook Kris’s hand then pulled him into a hug. 
Jay Torella was a tall, thick man with olive colored skin. His thinning hair was a mix of brown and gray, with a mostly gray beard and mustache. Her dad was always very friendly, and had kind blue eyes similar to Kat’s.
“Kris, this is my mom, Cece.”
Kat wasn’t sure what kind of greeting to expect from her mother.
“Hello, Kris. It’s nice to meet you.” Cece resembled an older Gia. They had the same features. Cece’s sweater matched her large turquoise and white beads. When she smiled at Kris, wrinkles formed around her eyes.
“It is very nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Torella.” Kris shook their hands.
“Please, call us Cece and Jay. I guess congratulations are in order.” Cece said. “Katherine, dear, let me see your ring.” Cece gasped as Kat held out her hand. “Oh my, what a large ring. I probably wouldn’t have picked something so gaudy. But, that’s just me, I guess.”
Kat pulled her hand away and straightened her shoulders; she wished this dinner was already over. “Well, good thing it’s for me and not you, huh, Mom? I love it. Kris has wonderful taste.”
“Yes, Kat, he does.” Gia said, coming to the rescue. “Mom, I would like to introduce you to Tyler, my date.”
Cece turned around as Tyler walked up to her. “Tyler, huh. I haven’t heard much about you.” Cece gave Gia a puzzled look. “Tyler? You mean Tyler Kidd?”
“Yes, ma’am.” Tyler smiled bashfully.
“Please, call me Cece. Well, it is very nice to meet you, Tyler.” Cece shook his hand and a small grin slid across her pursed lips. “Hmmm, now I understand why you’re moving to this side of town, Gianna, dear.”
Kat started to introduce her parents to Patrick, but her dad spoke up first. “Patrick Dubois? Los Angeles Patrick Dubois?”
Patrick smiled. “Yes, sir, guilty as charged.” Patrick put out his hand to shake Jay’s. “Very nice to meet you, sir.”
“Please call me Jay. And it is very nice to meet you too.” 
Her dad looked completely in his glory, surrounded by so many hockey players.
“Daddy, Patrick is Kris’s cousin.” Kat explained. She watched as her Dad was completely in awe standing in the same room as three professional hockey players. She’d never seen a grin that big on his face, ever.
“Well I’ll be… cousins, huh? Can’t wait to go tell the guys at the senior center I was at dinner with Kris Lafleur, Tyler Kidd and Patrick Dubois…” He let out a chuckle. “Maybe I might have some autographs to show off as well?” Jay hinted as he winked.
Subtle Daddy. Kat rolled her eyes. Things were working out better than planned, thank goodness.
They all sat down to a nice Italian dinner at the formal dining room table. Kat didn’t think she and Kris actually ever sat there. She chuckled to herself as she grabbed the last dish from the kitchen and turned back to the dining room. 
It was then that she noticed Patrick had sat himself directly across from Gia, so he needed no excuse to look right at her. Patrick had icy blue eyes; they made most girls melt, but not Gia. She avoided his glance as much as she could.
“Katherine, you should have come down to the Florida Keys with us this year, dear,” Cece commented.
“Well, I was perfectly happy here, but I’m glad you guys enjoyed your trip anyway.” Kat wanted to get off the subject. “Are you going back soon?” Kris tapped her under the table on her knee, and she knew what it meant. Be good.
Jay laughed lightly. Cece was always trying to get Kat to go to the Florida Keys with them, but she liked being on her own. Jay smiled at Kat and helped change the subject. “So, Gianna dear, do you like your new apartment? And the job is going well?”
“Yes, Daddy, I love the apartment, and I do like the job, things are going good.”
“Katherine, just thinking out loud here, dear…” Cece said. “But don’t you think this engagement is a bit sudden? How well do you really know each other?” 
Kat felt her jaw drop open. Seriously, Mom? She was really doing this?
“But really, Claire,” Cece said. “Don’t you feel the same way? I mean these kids can’t possibly know each other well enough to jump into this.”
Claire just looked at Cece, not answering.
“Mom, Kat is all grown up, she’s old enough to make her own decisions,” Gia said.
“By the way, Mr. Torella,” Kris said, changing the subject and obviously trying to break the tension that now loomed over the table.
“Please, son, call me Jay.”
“Okay then. Jay, if you ever want to go to a Renegades game, here or in Florida, just let me know. I can have tickets waiting for you.” Kris offered.
“I’d really enjoy that. Thank you, Kris.” Jay Torella beamed as Kat smiled at Kris. He’d already won her dad over for sure.
“Katherine, did you make this pasta sauce?” Cece asked.
Before Kat could answer, she felt Kris put his hand on her leg. She took in a deep breath before answering. “Yes, Mom, I did.”
“I figured. It’s missing something. Dear, did you remember to put the salt in?”
Heat flushed Kat’s face; she was fed up. “Look, Mom—”
“Cece,” Kris said, “Kat also made the meatballs. They are really good—my favorite actually. Have you tried them?” Without giving Cece a chance to answer, Kris continued. “Gia helped cook dinner. She made the broccoli casserole and the appetizer.” He smiled at Gia and then back at Cece. “Your girls made a wonderful meal; I am proud of both of them.” Kris leaned over and kissed Kat. “Great dinner, baby.” He turned his attention to Gia. “You too, sis! Nice job on everything!”
“Thanks, Kris.” Kat was tired of the put downs, but honestly, she had expected more of her mother tonight.
“You’re right, Kris. It is a lovely meal.” Her mother smiled at Kris, and then it fell as she turned to Kat with a little frown. “Oh, by the way, Katherine. Did you plan on getting your hair done anytime soon? It looks like it really needs some sort of style.”
“Oh, Mom.” Gia groaned.
“What? Well, it does. Don’t you think so?” Cece asked.
“Kat, dear. Everything is wonderful. You too, Gia. Dinner is amazing. Thank you both so much for such a great home cooked meal.” Claire smiled at the girls, and Kat breathed a sigh of relief. At least she had Kris’s mother on her side.
“Thank you, Claire. I will say your son is an amazing cook himself. I get many home cooked and healthy meals from him.” Kat smiled at her husband-to-be.
Don’t say anything about the healthy meals, please, Mom. Kat silently begged once she realized her poor choice in wording. She would like to hold on to a shred of her dignity tonight.
“Healthy cooking? Good, you can really use that, Katherine. Especially if you ever want to fit into a beautiful fitted wedding gown. It’d be a shame to look so puffy on your special day.”
Ugh, thanks Mom. Right on cue. She never disappointed. Kat’s heart squeezed, and she looked down at her lap. As much as it hurt, maybe her mother was right. Kat wanted to look amazing at her own wedding. She ignored the pasta on her plate and concentrated on the broccoli.
After dinner, everyone moved to the back porch for drinks. Cece declined the wine. “I’m not one to drink alcohol after a heavy dinner like that. I suppose I’ll have to go and make myself a cup of coffee.” She got up and went into the kitchen. 
Kat sighed. Nothing would ever please her mother. She put her wine glass down. “I might just have coffee too.”
She started to stand, but Kris put his hand on her arm. “You stay here. If you want coffee, I’ll make it for you.” He dropped a gentle kiss on her lips and stood up. “Back in a minute.”

****

“Mrs. Torella,” Kris said, making his way into the kitchen. Kat’s mother was frowning over the packs of coffee. 
“Don’t you have anything mild roast?” she asked, not even looking at him.
Kris grabbed a pack from the top shelf and handed it to her.
“Mrs. Torella,” he began again. “Mind if I have a word with you? About Kat?”
Cece turned to him, her eyes sharp. “I think that’s a very good idea. We need to talk. You see, Katherine doesn’t understand what it’s like to be with a man like you, trying to fit into your world. I don’t want to see her get hurt when you come to your senses and see that she’s not good enough.”
Kris looked down for a moment, his jaw clenching. He took a deep breath and looked back at Cece. 
“With all due respect, Mrs. Torella, I think it’s you who doesn’t see. Kat fits perfectly into my world. She loves hockey and she understands my lifestyle. My friends all love her. She’s everything I want.”
“Please. Right now you think—”
“I don’t think. I know Kat is the only woman for me. There isn’t a chance in hell I’d change my mind about wanting her every day for the rest of my life.” He stepped up beside Cece. “And because she’s my woman, I can’t stand by and let you hurt her.”
Cece stared at him with wide eyes. “I’d never—”
“It’s taken me six months to convince her that she’s beautiful and worthy of being loved. She’s started seeing herself the way I see her. But in the short time you’ve been here, all that is starting to come undone.”
“Listen to me, young man—”
“No, Mrs. Torella. Please. Since you arrived, I’ve watched Kat change. She’s trying to hide her figure. She hardly ate anything at dinner and now she won’t touch her wine. All because she’s worried you’ll caution her about her weight.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Look out the window. Look at Kat. What do you see?”
Cece reluctantly looked and shrugged. “Granted, she’s a pretty girl. But she could stand to lose a few—”
“Do you want to know what I see?” He gazed out the window. “I see a beautiful woman. Kat’s got gorgeous curves, it’s part of who she is and who I love. I don’t want a woman who eats like a bird. I want a woman who enjoys life the way Kat does. I want her by my side forever and I wouldn’t change one thing about her.”
Kris turned back to Cece, who stood with her arms folded across her chest. “I won’t stand by and allow you to undermine Kat’s confidence.”
“What are you saying?” Cece glared at him.
He wanted to make sure Kat’s mom knew that this had to end. “I’m asking you to stop finding fault with her. She’s sensitive and it hurts her more than she shows. She’s going to be my wife. And I will do whatever it takes to protect her.”
Cece’s eyes misted as they shifted to find Kat outside. “I don’t… You make me sound like…” 
Kris gave her a little smile. “I care about Kat and that means I care about her relationship with you. I know she loves you, but if you keep putting her down, you’re going to lose your daughter.”
She took a shaky breath. “I didn’t realize I was doing that.”
“Kat’s so excited about the wedding, and I want it to be special for her. I don’t want anything between the two of you to get in the way of her happiness.” He shrugged. “Maybe you hate me for saying all of this, but I couldn’t keep quiet.”
“I’m not happy with you.” Cece wiped a tear from her cheek and tried to smile. “But I suppose I understand why you said what you did.”
“I understand too.” Jay’s voice came from the doorway. “And nobody is going to hate you for saying it, Kris.” They turned to him as he walked into the kitchen. “Someone should’ve said this to Cece years ago.” He looked into his wife’s shocked eyes. “Yes, that’s right, Cece. You’ve been making Kat feel like she’s not good enough for years. I wish I’d been the one to say it, but I always thought things would settle down once she was out of your influence. I’m sorry to say I was wrong.” Jay turned back to Kris and patted him on the back. “I’m proud of you, Kris, for sticking up for my girl. I appreciate that you care so much about her. Kat’s chosen well.” 

CHAPTER 28

“Gia, do you even know where you are going?”
“I do. I’m following the GPS! We would’ve been there sooner if it’d told me there was construction on the highway.”
“Oh boy. Why do I feel like we’re going to get lost? Or are we already lost?”
“How can we get lost when we’re following the GPS? As your maid of honor, I’m in charge of helping you find a dress. So shut up, sit back, and relax.” Gia made a sharp right-hand turn, tossing them both around the front seat.
Kat grabbed onto the door handle to keep from flying across the car. “Maybe first we could just work on getting me there in one piece, then worry about the dress?”
“Stop your whining. We’re here. Told you I knew where I was going!” Gia abruptly pulled into a parking spot and pointed at the sign for the bridal shop.
They were down to the wire as far as the planning. Just in the past week, the pieces were all falling together nicely. The hall had been rented with a caterer, thanks to using the Renegades’ name. The DJ was easy, because Matt had connections. Kris knew the owner of a bakery in town who was more than happy to provide an exquisite wedding cake, hockey themed of course.
Kat thought they should keep things small. It would be too hard to pick one or two guys from the team to be in the wedding party. So instead, Kris had asked Patrick to be the best man, and Kat asked Gia to be the maid of honor. 
Kris was in charge of finding the tuxedos, and he’d contacted the company who supplied the tuxedos to the team when they needed them.
Now the hunt was on for the dresses. Kat knew exactly what she wanted. She’d spent the last month searching the internet for one she liked. Finally she had found the perfect dress at this local shop. She wanted that dress. Period. It was exactly what she had dreamed of as a girl. Her biggest obstacle was going to be if it didn’t fit perfectly. She hoped those doughnuts she ate a few weeks ago weren’t permanently taking up residence on her waistline.
The wedding was in only two weeks.
“Kat, hello? Anybody in there? C’mon, let’s go look for this dress.” Gia climbed out of the car.
“You know what you’re looking for, right?”
“I do. Any bridesmaid dress in royal blue.”
“Any dress at all that color. I don’t care what it is, as long as it looks nice. It shouldn’t be that hard to find. It’s such a popular color. Right?” Kat asked, as they entered the shop.
She looked around in wonder, and in the back of her mind she thought a sales person said something to her. However, her head was spinning at the sight of all the dresses. Through the fog, she could see the woman talking to her, but she couldn’t hear anything. Was she having a panic attack? Is that what this was?
The room shifted and Kat grabbed on to the nearest dress rack in the hope of steadying herself from falling.
“Kat!” Gia called, snapping her fingers in front of Kat’s face.
She heard that. That was a good sign.
“Are you okay? Deep breaths.” Gia stroked her back until she let go of the rack and looked around again. 
“I’m fine.” Kat tried to pull herself together. She didn’t want to go home empty handed at this late stage. 
“Now, pay attention. So, the royal blue dresses are over there.” Gia pointed to the back corner. “I’m going to go try a few on. I see one from here that I kind of like. Also, I showed the lady the dress you want.”
“And?”
“And she’s going to get your size. So wait here and she’ll bring it out for you to try on.”
“So they have it?”
“Duh. Yes, they have it. Why are you holding on to that rack like you’re drunk? Let’s go. Oh, and she said that in case we do need a dress altered, they have a rush service. It’ll only take a few days for one dress. But it is pricey, so Kris will have to shell out the big bucks for that.”
Kat felt like her head was swimming again.
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
Kat nodded, but she wasn’t sure. Seriously, is this what a panic attack felt like? Taking more deep breaths, she got a hold of herself just in time for the sales girl to return.
“Honey, here’s the dress. You can use this room right here. I’ll wait in case you need any help, and we’ll see how it fits!” She clapped her hands together happily.
“Thanks.” Kat wanted this dress. It was perfect. Except for those sweets she had with Gia, she’d eaten nothing but rabbit food the last few weeks, hoping this dress would fit. Staring at herself in the mirror, she wasn’t sure that even rabbit food could make that happen.
She unzipped the plastic bag and pulled out the dress. It was beautiful. Simple and elegant. Her stomach suddenly dropped as worry filled her heart. What if it looked horrible on her? There was no way she was going to look good in this dress. She wrapped her arms around her middle, hiding her stomach from the mirror.
“Kat?” Gia knocked on the dressing room door. “How’s it coming?”
“Um—”
“Do you have it on yet? How does it fit?”
Closing her eyes, she wished Gia would just shush for a second. Her head was spinning again. She was feeling short of breath this time. Trying to catch her breath, she sat down.
“Kat?” Gia called, again.
Kat unlocked the dressing room door. “No, and I don’t know.”
“But? Kat! C’mon! Why don’t you have this on yet? What’s wrong?”
“G, there’s no way it’s going to look right.”
“Are we back to self-pity? Cause I sure hope not! Kat, get up and try this on!”
Gia was getting on her last nerve. “You don’t understand. Look at you in that dress. It’s gorgeous on you.” The blue dress Gia had on hugged her every curve.
“Ha! This must be what mermaids feel like. It looks good. It does. As long as I’m standing up!” Gia tried to sit down beside Kat and every seam started to pull while Gia struggled to breathe. “Yeah, there is no way I’m sitting down in this. It’s gonna blow if I do, and I’m not paying for a dress that’s in about twenty pieces.”
“Oh my gosh!” Kat covered her mouth as a giggle escaped her lips.
“Now look, I don’t want to hear that you’re reverting to your old insecure self. Stand up! Look at the girl in the mirror! She is beautiful and hot as hell. Not to mention, she’s marrying Kris Lafleur! Hello! Do I need to remind you that he’s crazy about you?”
“No, I guess not.” Kat groaned, looking at the floor.
“I can’t hear you!” Gia shouted like a drill sergeant.
“No. You don’t have to remind me,” Kat said louder.
“Good! Now let’s see this dress on you. Oh, wait. I need to get out of this thing before it pops.” Gia squirmed out of the dress until it fell to the floor. “Maria?”
“Yes, dear?”
“Can you please hand me the other blue dress I sat out there?”
“Sure. Is everything all right in there? Can I help at all?” Maria asked.
“No, I think we have everything under control,” Gia said, and looked at Kat. “We do, don’t we?”
Kat nodded her head and smiled. “Yes. Thanks, Maria. I’ll be out in a minute.”
Kat pulled her shirt off, and took a long look in the mirror. All she saw staring back at her was Kat. It wasn’t the fat little girl anymore; that girl was gone for good. What she saw staring back at her was a beautiful girl. Yes she was curvy, and she knew she always would be. She had hips and boobs and they weren’t going anywhere. 
But her body was toned and looked strong and healthy, thanks to all her time in the pool, skating and running with Kris. As her hand ran along her stomach, the light caught her ring. The shimmer of her engagement ring made her think of Kris. She was also looking at a beautiful girl that was going to marry the one-and-only Kris Lafleur.
“Yoo-hoo. Ready?” Gia stood behind Kat, holding the wedding gown. “Let’s try this bad boy on. Shall we?”
Kat lifted the dress over her head and let the silken fabric slide down over her skin. She heard Gia gasp, and felt her zip the dress up.
“What?” Kat turned towards the mirror. The A-line dress was amazing. The fabric was silky and flowed with her every movement. The empire waist hid any imaginary imperfections.
“Oh, Kat.” Gia was looking in awe, tears in her eyes. She had already slipped on the new dress while Kat was mesmerized by her own reflection.
“Ladies, let’s see!” Maria called.
“C’mon!” Gia grabbed Kat’s arm and led her out in to the store.
“Oh my! Kat, that dress is perfect for you! That square neckline is pure elegance!” Maria fussed over Kat, checking every inch of the dress. “Do you like it? How does it feel?”
Kat stepped up on a pedestal in the center of a circle of mirrors. Her image reflected back at her from five different mirrors. The fabric swayed as she turned to look at herself from every angle. “I love it. It feels great, almost as if it was made for me.”
“Kat, you look amazing,” Gia said, wiping a tear from her eye.
Kat turned to look at Gia, not realizing she also wore a gorgeous dress. “Gia! That dress!”
“I know! I look pretty damn good. And bonus, I can sit down in this one.” The dress she wore was a sheath style that contoured to her body. The V-neckline accented her breasts and the skirt flowed freely.
“Oh, Gia, I love that dress! Do you love it?”
“I do love it! And, Kat, you need to get that dress.”
“Yes, Kat, I have never seen a more perfect dress.” Maria said. “And I’ve seen a lot of dresses!”
“So, how long do you think it will take to get altered?” Kat asked, frowning.
“Altered? Honey, this dress fits you like a glove, nothing needs to be done to it! If you want it, you can take it today! Same with you, Gia.”
“Score for the Torella sisters! The last piece of the puzzle, Kat. It’s all finally together.”

****

Kat sat at the vanity finishing her makeup. Her hair was pulled back in a perfect up-do, courtesy of Lindsey. Thin, elegant curls framed her face. She hardly recognized that girl in the mirror. She was stunning.
The joy she felt overwhelmed her, as if she was going to burst. Her face was sore from smiling so much already. Her big day had snuck up on her. One minute she was dating the most amazing man she had ever met, and the next she was sitting in a church, preparing to walk down the aisle to him.
Knock-knock-knock.
“Hello? Can I come in?” Gia poked her head in the room. “There’s the beautiful blushing bride!”
“G!” Kat jumped up from the vanity and squeezed her sister tight. “I’m so happy to see you! And you look beautiful.”
“Thanks, but today is all about you. Happy wedding day, sis! Are you ready to get dressed?”
Wedding day. She could hardly believe it was finally here. Taking a moment, she listened to the silence of the room, then the organ music mixed with the soft hum of the guests echoing through the halls.
“I think it’s time to get ready, sis.” Gia held the dress up, taking it off of the hanger.
She looked at Gia and then the dress. Words were not forming. Her wedding dress still took her breath away.
“Kat? You’re not going to cry, are you? You don’t want to mess up your make up.”
She sniffed and shook her head. “Nope. I’m good.” She untied her robe and draped it over the nearest chair. “Let’s do this.”
Gia helped Kat step into her dress and secured the zipper. “Have you seen Mom yet?”
A soft knock at the door interrupted them.
“Katherine, dear?”
Oh no, she didn’t need this stress right now. Not today.
“Yes, Mom. Come in.” Kat said as she held her breath, preparing for the endless string of criticism that she was about to endure. She had to be strong; she couldn’t let her mom affect her today.
“Girls, you both look stunning, just stunning. Gianna, that dress suits you perfectly.” Cece wrapped her arms around Gia.
Kat could see Gia’s face over her mom’s shoulder. Gia was just as surprised by the hug as Kat.
“Mom, were you hitting the communion wine already?” Gia asked, as she pulled away. “’Cause I’m pretty sure that it’s just for mass.”
“Gianna, don’t be snarky.” Cece snapped, before turning to Kat. “Katherine…”
“Yes, Mom?” Kat waited, her heart pounding. The insults had to be coming.
“Oh, dear, that dress—” Cece held Kat at arm’s length.
Here it comes.
“Katherine, dear. That dress is gorgeous. It looks like it was designed specifically for you. You look beautiful.”
What? There has to be more, wait for it.
“You look absolutely beautiful, dear.” Cece pulled Kat into a hug.
Gia giggled at the look that must have been on Kat’s face. In all her years, her mother had never given her a ‘real’ hug. She’d grown accustomed to the Hollywood hugs, the ones where you barely touch.
“You are more stunning than I could’ve ever imagined.”
Kat saw her mom’s eyes glisten. “Mom, are you crying?”
Cece sniffed. “No, if I cried, I’d mess up the makeup that I worked so hard putting on. My eyes are just so overwhelmed by your beauty right now, that’s all.”
Seriously, she had to have gotten into the wine.
“Mom? Are you feeling okay?” Gia asked, as if she read Kat’s mind.
“I’m fine.” Cece took a deep breath. “Katherine, I just have no words to describe how beautiful you are today. I wish you all the happiness in the world.” She pulled Kat again into a heavy hug.
“Um, thanks, Mom.”
“You’ve blossomed into an amazing woman, and I’m so proud of you, dear. I might not know a lot about hockey, but I know that Kris is one lucky man.”
“Wow, Mom, I don’t think you’ve ever said so many nice things in one sentence before,” Gia said.
“Gianna, dear, you really don’t need to point that out. I know how I am. But today of all days, I need your sister to know how much I love her.”
“I love you too, Mom.” Kat had no idea how to take everything that was just said to her, but one thing was for sure, she was not going to waste this moment. If this was the only time her mother expressed her love to her, then she would take it.
“Also, I want you to have these. They’ll look perfect with your dress. Unless you already have a necklace to wear?” Cece held up a pearl necklace. “It was my mother’s. It’s okay if you don’t want to wear—”
“No, Mom, it’s lovely.” Kat smiled at her mother.
“Are you sure? I wouldn’t be offended if you didn’t want to wear them.”
“No, Mom. I forgot all about jewelry, so this is exactly what I needed.”
“Let me help you.” Cece draped the string of pearls around Kat’s neck. “Perfect.”
“Thank you, Mom,” Kat said, before Cece took her in her arms again. Kat had never been hugged this much or this tightly by her mom before. It was awkward and nice all at the same time.
“If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I never would’ve believed it. Cece Torella has finally cracked.” Gia made circles with her finger by her head.
“Gianna, dear, behave. I love you too. Now get over here for a hug.”
CHAPTER 29

Here Comes the Bride echoed through the church, as a hush fell over the crowd and all heads turned to where Kat waited.
She looked down to the altar where Kris stood. A nervous smile was plastered on his face, and he looked amazing in his dapper tuxedo. Patrick stood at his side, smiling too. At least she assumed he was smiling at her, but then again, Gia was walking down the aisle in front of her.
Kat was frozen; all eyes were on her. Her feet didn’t want to move, as if they were glued to the floor. Gia had taken her place at the altar already; it was time.
“Ready, kiddo?” Her dad whispered.
Kat still didn’t move.
“Kat, don’t look at all the guests. Focus on Kris, he’s waiting for you. Just hold on to me and I’ll get you to him.”
She let out a breath as the organist repeated the music again. Her hesitation prompted a few whispers from the crowd, but she knew her dad was right. She had to keep her eyes on Kris, and only Kris. 
“Okay, Daddy, I’m ready.” She held his arm tight as they walked down the aisle. Keeping her glance pointed straight ahead, she forgot about her audience. All she could see was her groom.
Reaching the altar, Jay kissed Kat’s cheek and put her hand in Kris’s. “Welcome to the family, son,” Jay said with a wide smile as he patted Kris on the shoulder.
“You look beautiful, baby,” Kris whispered.
“Thank you. You look pretty handsome yourself.”
The priest nodded his head at Kat and Kris, and with a smile, began to speak. “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to witness the marriage of Katherine and Kristopher…”
Looking over at Kris, her nerves calmed, as she slowly became lost in his eyes. All the noise in the church became muffled and she felt as if the ceremony was happening in slow motion. She heard the priest talking. She followed his instructions, stood, sat, kneeled, but she was mesmerized by Kris.
“Since it is your intention to enter into marriage, with your hands joined, declare your consent before God and his Church, this community of your family and friends.” The priest nodded to them. It was time for the vows.
“I, Kris, take you, Kat, to be my lawfully wedded wife. To have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, all the days of my life.”
The priest looked at Kat and nodded.
“I, Kat, take you, Kris, to be my lawfully wedded husband. To have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, all the days of my life.”
Kat couldn’t contain the smile that formed on her lips as she looked at Kris. The love she felt for him was unlike anything she experienced in her life. Somehow, she fell even deeper in love with him at this moment, standing before God, their family and their friends. Was it even possible to love this much?
“The rings, please.” The priest requested.
Matt quietly brought them to the altar. Giving a quick nod and smile to Kat and Kris, he returned to his seat without a word.
The priest held the rings and read a blessing. “May these rings be a symbol of the true faith they share in each other and always remind them of their love and compassion.”
The priest had to nudge Kat out of her fog to take the ring. Nervously she slid the gold band on to Kris’s finger. “Take this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity.” Looking up into those loving dark eyes, she was lost all over again.
“Kat.” Kris slid the ring on her finger. “Take this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity.”
Kris held her hand tight for the rest of the ceremony. She thought he’d been shaking a bit earlier, but there was no sign of it now.
“It is with great pleasure that I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
Kris pulled Kat to him with a wide grin on his face. His lips came down gently on hers.
She wondered how she was going to kiss him in front of all of these people, but when his lips met hers, they were the only two people that existed. Forgetting about everyone around them, even the priest, she pressed close to him. His lips warm and soft, she opened her mouth inviting him in.
He ran his tongue over her bottom lip before meeting her tongue with his.
The priest cleared his throat, startling her. Looking up at him and then their guests, she let out a shy giggle, her face burning. Kris gently pulled her chin towards him and gave her one last peck on her lips.
Their guests simultaneously cooed. “Aww!”
“It is with great joy and honor that I present to you, Mr. and Mrs. Kristopher Lafleur!”
The church erupted in applause as the organ played the Wedding March. It was their cue.
“Shall we, Mrs. Lafleur?”

****

The reception hall was beautifully decorated in light blue and white flowers. Each table was adorned with white and royal blue tablecloths, and lit with candle centerpieces. Kat watched as the caterers set up the buffet.
“Did you see this cookie table, Kat?” Gia was standing over it with a plate already half filled. “When I saw how many cookies Mom and Claire were bringing in, I seriously didn’t think they would all fit! Tyler might have to cut me out of this dress later, ’cause I’m not leaving until I taste every single cookie.”
“Yeah, Grandma Torella would’ve been proud.” Kat pointed towards the cake table. “Don’t forget about the cake, G. How gorgeous is that?”
Gia admired the three tier square cake, swiping her finger on a corner of the white icing. “Mmm, that is good!”
“G! Get your fingers out of my cake!” Kat giggled. “Yeah, wow! They did such a nice job.”
“Not to mention the hockey sticks and pucks decorating the top layer. All the icing decoration is so intricate. I’m glad they used gold accents instead of blue, it looks much nicer.”
“Yeah, I think so too.”
“There’s my wife.” Kris flashed a bright smile as he pulled Kat to him, brushing his lips against hers.
“Here I am.” She beamed.
“Matt’s going to make his toast, and then we’ll eat. So let’s go sit down. C’mon, Gia.”
Kris led Kat back to the bridal table, with Gia following behind. “Here, take a plate of these cookies, I don’t want to look like a pig holding two,” Gia whispered.
Kat just shook her head, but took the plate. She couldn’t wait to dive right into these sweets.
Matt stood up and tapped his glass with a fork. “Excuse me, everyone. Can I have your attention?”
The room grew quiet and all eyes fixed on Matt.
“I realize that Patrick is the best man, but I’ve known Kris for a long time. So Patrick suggested that I make the big toast today, and then he’ll say a few words after.” Matt turned his attention to Patrick. “Thanks for that, Pat.”
Patrick just smiled.
“I want to thank you all for sharing this wonderful day with Kat and Kris. You’ve all heard the saying, ‘love is patient’. Right? Well, that’s true, unless you are Kristopher Lafleur.”
The crowd rumbled with laughter.
“If you are Kris Lafleur, then you close your eyes and jump right in whole heartedly with both feet. But, don’t worry, Kat, I’m not saying that’s wrong. No. Kris has excellent instincts, on and off the ice. They never fail him, and this time was no exception. Kat was the best decision Kris ever made. I think he had been searching for her his entire life. She is without a doubt his soul mate.”
Kat couldn’t help the smile that crept across her face.
“Kat is kind and sweet, and she has a big heart. She is a wonderful friend to Lindsey and me. Every guy wants to protect his best friend from heart-ache and I mistakenly tried to do that for Kris but Kat proved herself as loving, loyal and only after his heart. At that moment we knew that this love was meant to be. She had stolen Kris’s heart, and anyone can see by the way he looks at her, how devoted he is. They truly have a love of a lifetime.”
Kat grabbed her napkin and wiped away a tear that started to slide down her cheek.
“Kris and Kat, thank you so much for letting me be part of your special day. I wish you both a lifetime of happiness. To Kat and Kris.” Matt lifted his glass, and the guests cheered.
“Thank you, Matt. You said it better than I ever could,” Patrick said, as he stood with his glass. “For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Kris’s cousin, Patrick. I knew that Matt would make a better toast than me, and he didn’t disappoint. Well, I just wanted to say a few words, and then we can eat. Kris, you are many things to me. You’re my cousin, my brother, my best friend, and my teammate. We’ve been through it all together. I can honestly say that I’ve never seen you as happy as you are with Kat. I knew the moment you told me about her that you were smitten. Guys, I am honored to be part of your special day as you start your new life together.”
As Patrick spoke, Kris stole a small kiss from Kat.
“I saw that, you two. Let’s all left our glasses. To Kat and Kris.” Patrick lifted his glass. “And I have renewed hope that one day I will find a love as passionate as Kris and Kat have. Salute!”
“Salute!” The guests called back.
The wedding party was served as the guests lined up for the buffet.
Patrick looked over at Kris’s plate. “Careful of those potatoes on there. Pure fat, dude. You know what? Let me just take them for you.” Stabbing the potatoes from Kris’s plate, he popped them in his mouth.
“Ass,” Kris whispered with a smile.
“Like you were going to eat them, please!”
“Maybe I was!”
Kat took a bite of her own food. The savory morsels danced around her taste buds. The potatoes were outstanding. He needed to at least try one, and since Patrick stole his, Kat had an idea. “Babe.” She gently turned his head towards her and fed him a piece of potato.
Before he could even taste the food, a smile slid over his face. Then his face lit up at the flavor. “Wow, that’s really good.” He inched closer to Kat.
“Aw! How cute these two are!” Gia called, as she hit her fork on her glass.
That was the universal wedding sign for a kiss. Kat’s face heated up, but she leaned in as Kris brushed his lips against hers.
“That’s all you’re getting for now, folks. Eat up! And don’t forget about all those cookies over there!” Kris called.
A low hum fell over the crowd as everyone sat down to eat. Kat watched Gia quickly eat and then join Tyler at his table. She thought she noticed a hair flip or two in Patrick’s direction, but she wasn’t sure.
“Well, the caterers did a great job. That food was amazing,” Kat said, as she finished her last bite of dinner.
“They sure did! Do you think I could go get seconds?” Patrick asked. “I mean, the buffet is still up.”
“I don’t see why not.”
“Great!” Patrick headed off to the buffet, returning with a full plate and a bottle of champagne.
“Did we need more champagne?” Kris examined the bottle that was already on the table. “This still has some in it, and I probably won’t drink much more. What about you, Kat?”
“No, at the most one more glass.”
Patrick shrugged as he ate his food.
“I forgot to tell you, you do clean up nice, Patrick,” Kat said.
Patrick had a mouthful of food, and simply smiled while giving her a thumbs up sign.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’d like to have the bride and groom up here on the dance floor for their first dance as husband and wife. C’mon, you two!” the DJ announced.
Kris and Kat slowly made their way to the center of the room. A slow, romantic tune poured out of the speakers and the room became quiet. She knew all eyes were on them, again. All she really wanted to do was wrap herself up in his arms and never let go. Their bodies swayed as one to the soft music. Forgetting there was anyone else around, Kat snuggled into his chest.
Kris softly sang to her. “Let me steal you away, my love. In my arms, forever.”
As the song ended, the DJ announced, “Okay, will the maid of honor and best man please join the new couple on the dance floor?”
Kat glanced over at her sister and watched her sulk to where Patrick waited for her with a wide grin. Patrick wrapped his arms around Gia, pulling her closer than necessary. Kat giggled as Gia pushed him back, giving herself personal space.
“Behave,” Kris whispered to his cousin, only getting a devilish grin in return.
The song changed and lyrics about love played through the air. Kat swayed with Kris, forgetting all about Gia. The lights illuminated the dance floor. Kris held onto her tightly, staring longingly into her eyes as they moved to the music.
Kris’s lips slid up her jaw, and he sang softly in her ear. “I do cherish you, for the rest of my life, from the depths of my soul.”
When the song ended, Gia ran back over to Tyler. She was gone before Kat slid out of Kris’s arms. Well, it wasn’t perfect, but at least those two were co-existing. That was all she could really ask for.
Kat and Kris stayed on the dance floor, hoping for another slow song to come on.
“Alright, before we all start dancing and celebrating, I would like the bride and groom to head on over to the cake table. Folks, get your cameras ready for the cutting of the cake!”
“Guess it is cake time, babe.” Kris laced his arm around her waist and led her off of the dance floor.
“Don’t smash it up in my nose and everything, okay?” She hated when brides and grooms did that. Who wants cake up their nose?
“Wouldn’t dream of it, babe.” Kris smiled.
Together they held the knife and cut the first piece of cake. Flashes went off from every direction. It was like paparazzi! Kat giggled before saying, “Wait, now I know what it’s like to be Kris Lafleur!”
Everyone erupted in laughter.
“Cute,” Kris said with a smirk.
He picked up a little piece of cake, putting it to Kat’s lips.
She opened her mouth to take a bite, but not before he smeared a bit of icing on her lips. A smile curled on his face as his mouth covered hers and he licked off the icing. Then she fed him a small piece, smearing only a little icing on his face.
Everyone cheered and continued to snap photos.
Kat licked the remaining cake off of her lips. “This is really good.”
The caterers hurried off with the cake, slicing it up and setting it on serving plates.
Kat looked around the room for Gia and located her sitting with Tyler. At least that would keep her out of trouble for now. Patrick had been behaving himself so far. Where was he anyway? Scanning the room, she found him back at the bridal table.
Her mom and dad were having a nice conversation with Kris’s parents and appeared to be having a really nice time. 
“I’m going to talk to Ben real quick, babe.”
“Okay, I’ll meet you at our table. They’re bringing around the cake and coffee, and I don’t want to miss that. Plus, I feel bad that Patrick is sitting all by himself.”
“Kat, he’s been downing that champagne. Can you make sure he’s okay? I’m fairly sure he’s going to need someone to take him home at this point. And make sure he gets some black coffee, please.”
“Really? I didn’t notice that he drank that much. Okay.” Before Kat turned away, Kris grabbed her wrist, twirling her into him. Kissing her lips, he whispered, “Mrs. Lafleur.”
His kisses made her dizzy. She looked back at him with a smile, and then made her way to the bridal table. Patrick was sitting there all alone, emptying the bottle of champagne into his glass. “Hey, Pat. What are you up to over here?”
Patrick just shook his head and shrugged. “Great party. I like that DJ.”
“You should get out there and dance,” she suggested, but she didn’t get any response. “Okay, well, they’re passing out the cake, anyway.”
The server brought two pieces over to their table and asked, “Coffee?”
“Yes, please. Can we get three coffees here? Thanks.”
She filled three cups of coffee. Kat had planned to give them all to Patrick, but maybe she would take a sip or two. It had been a really long day.
“You want some cake? It’s really good.” She took a forkful of cake.
“Nah. You want some champagne?” He held out the bottle.
“Sure, I’ll take a little.” Kat took the bottle from him. “Whoa, it’s almost gone.” She reached for the other bottle, and that one was completely empty. If he drank all of this, he was holding his liquor pretty well, because she could barely tell. Except he was overly quiet. “Why don’t I finish this off?” There was barely enough to fill her glass. “How about some cookies?”
Patrick just shrugged as Kat pulled him over to the cookie table. “You know, I really need to make a cookie box to take with me. Patrick, grab a plate and get some cookies. There has to be a box around here somewhere.” Kat started to look under the tables.
“Kat, what are you looking for?” Gia appeared beside her.
“A box to put cookies in.”
“I brought you one, it’s over here.” Gia moved over by Patrick and paused before kneeling down to get the container from under the table.
“Thanks, sis!” Kat grabbed the container and started to fill it with cookies. “Patrick, why don’t you put some more cookies on that plate, please?” She wasn’t sure that cookies would help to sober him up, but it was worth a shot.
Looking over at Kris, she wished he’d come back to the table soon. What was he doing anyway?
Patrick moved beside Gia. “Gia, you look really great in that dress.” He leaned closer to her to fill his plate up with cookies.
Okay, well that was nice. I guess it could have been worse. Maybe he isn’t that drunk. She figured if Patrick were really drunk, he would’ve said something much worse.
“Really, Patrick? Use a little bit of class, please,” Gia shouted.
“Whoa, what’s going on?” Kat spun around, almost spilling a few cookies on the ground.
“Did you hear what he said to me?” Gia snapped, as Patrick went back to the table and finished the champagne that was left in Kris’s glass.
“Um, that you looked nice in that dress?”
“No, after that.” Gia looked mad. Until she did that hair toss in Patrick’s direction.
Yeah, Gia hated Patrick’s advances, almost as much as she liked them. There was no doubt in Kat’s mind. That little hair flounce was a patented Gia move.
“Okay, so what did he say? And are you offended or turned—”
“Shut up.” Gia wagged her finger at Kat. “He said that I would look even better out of my dress! Ugh!”
Another hair toss.
Seriously, Gia? “Look”—Kat put her arm around her sister—“Patrick has had a little too much to drink. I’m sure he wouldn’t have said that normally. He knows you’re with Tyler.”
“Gia, hey.” Kris grabbed a cookie, and helped Kat to fill the container. He lowered his voice. “Look, I don’t want Patrick driving home tonight. He’s had way too much to drink.”
“You have no idea.” Kat added.
“Can you make sure he gets home?” he asked Gia. “Please? He’s staying at our house. You can just drop him off and go. He shouldn’t be too much trouble. I’m sure he’ll pass out as soon as he gets in the door.”
Gia rolled her eyes. “I guess.” She grabbed a cookie and took a big bite.
“Thanks, Gia.” Kris turned to Kat. “As soon as you’re done with those cookies, come dance to one more song with me, and then let’s get out of here. Time to start the honeymoon.” Kris wagged his eyebrows.
Kat had hoped to get Patrick away from Gia for a while. Instead, she saw him slide next to her. As Gia turned to say something, he wiped a crumb off of her lips and popped it in his own mouth, only to say to Gia (way too loud), “I bet that dress would look even better on my floor. Gia, the things I would do to you…”
Oh Patrick, really? Kat just shook her head.
Gia turned to face him, her eyes wide and her mouth hanging open. Kat expected her to slap him, but she just stood there staring at him. She bit at her bottom lip.
“Patrick, go sit down, there’s some coffee over there for you. Gia”—she pulled her sister aside—“Thanks for not slapping him, and I have no idea how you didn’t, ’cause I might have. Just drop him off and get out of there. No need for you to hang around.”
“Yeah, I can do that. Are you guys leaving?”
“Yeah, after this song. So give me a hug now. Thanks again for taking him home. Make sure he doesn’t get too handsy.”
“Oh, Mrs. Lafleur!” Kris called from the dance floor. “I’m waiting.”
CHAPTER 30

It was a cool September morning. Curled up on the couch, Kat and Kris looked at their wedding album, admiring the photos of them standing with the Cup at the reception, and one of all the guys in their tuxes standing around the Cup. Kris ordered both of those in eighteen by twenty-four canvas prints. Kat hung them in the hall on either side of their wedding print.
Funny how life is. Kat thought, looking at the pictures of her wedding, with Pittsburgh Renegades players in it. A year ago she was lonely, doing nothing but working and sitting in her apartment.
Kris looked over to see the serious look on her face, and asked, “What is it?”
“It’s nothing, I’m just thinking how life works itself out. A year ago I never imagined I could be so lucky.” She smiled at Kris. Honestly, she never thought that they would work as a couple. Boy, was she wrong. She looked back down at the picture album. “I love these pictures with the Cup, and you and the guys all in your tuxes.” Talk about a dream wedding; all hockey players. “Look at this awkward one of Gia and Patrick during the wedding party dance.” Kat giggled. “Poor Patrick, that boy can’t see straight when she’s around.”
“Too bad for him, huh? All Gia wanted was to dance with Ty.” Kris shook his head. “I don’t know why those two can’t get along. Well, I should say too bad Gia can’t get along with Pat.” 
Kris always said that Gia protested too much against his cousin. She ran around acting like he had the cooties or something, yeah. Sure he acted like a pig around her, practically drooling at the sight of her, but that was just Pat. Kat was sure that Gia secretly liked the attention.
“She’ll get over it. Pat’s always going to be around now, so she won’t have a choice.” Kat looked through a few more pictures. The one of her and Kris with Patrick and Gia was beautiful. “We should get this one blown up to hang on the wall, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, I really like that one. You know, baby, now that we’re home, I can tell you that secret, but first…” He kissed his new bride. “I am the luckiest man around. Thanks to you, Mrs. Lafleur.”
Kat smiled against his lips and kissed him back. “Well thank you Mr. Lafleur, I feel pretty lucky myself!” Just then her cell phone buzzed. Kat sighed. She really wanted to know what kept Kris occupied all summer. Kat grabbed her phone off of the table by the door. It was a text from Gia, checking to see if they were home yet.
Kris walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. “It’s nice to be home, but it was so nice to be away…” Kris sighed and laid his chin on her shoulder.
“You are right about that. Can we go back to the Bahamas?” She giggled as he nipped at her ear. “I wonder if I should call Gia, just to see what’s new since we’ve been gone?” Since Patrick had been in town while they were away, she had hoped those two played nice.
“No, she knows we’re home now. Let’s just enjoy this quiet time. I’m sure she’ll be at our door soon enough.” Kris laughed. Too bad Kat knew it was the truth.
Kris took her by the hand and led her back into the living room.
“Come here, beautiful.” He sat on the couch and held his hand out to her. She plopped down beside him. “Back to what I was saying.” Kat perked up. “So you know Pat has been talking to Ben an awful lot this summer? Right?”
Kat nodded. She had thought something was up with Patrick and Ben.
“Ben signed Pat to a year contract, and he’d like to sign him to a long term one after this year.” Kris said quickly.
Kat was silent, then started to laugh, but it wasn’t really funny. “Oh hell.” She shook her head. The thought of having Patrick hanging around twenty-four seven was amusing. She’d get to see the boys interact all the time, as well as watch Patrick’s lame attempts at trying to get Gia. “Well, I’m glad. It’ll be nice to have him here.” She smiled genuinely.
“Yeah, it will. I’m happy to finally get to play with Pat.” He paused. “I think he said he’ll be staying in a motel until he finds an apartment.”
Kat frowned. “He doesn’t have to. I mean, the basement room is all his if he wants it, as far as I’m concerned.” 
“I guess.” Kris shrugged. “I wasn’t sure, us being newlyweds and all.” He smiled. “I wasn’t going to offer that without talking to you.”
“Well,” she said, smiling, “Yeah. But I hate to see him stay in a motel. He’s family.”
“I’ll ask him, see what he says. I really love you, Mrs. Lafleur.” He smiled as he kissed her lips.
“I love you too, Mr. Lafleur.” She kissed him back. “So how excited are you to have him on the team, really?” Kat asked.
“You have no idea! It was always our dream to play together. Los Angeles has no idea what they gave up. Kat, I know he can be an ass…” Kris started.
“Relax. Yes, he can be, but I think I get him now. Deep down he’s a good guy. I’m glad he’s moving out here.” She smiled. This is going to be interesting.

****

“You’ve got to be kidding me…” Gia groaned, sitting at the breakfast nook in Kat’s kitchen, with her head in her hands.
“Relax, G, sheesh…” Kat laughed. “You want a sandwich or something?” She was at the refrigerator looking for something to eat; her stomach had been growling for a while now.
“No, well… do you have any junk? I realize I am in the health food house, but do you have any chips or pizza? Even an old stale leftover doughnut? How can you stand all the health food?” Gia moaned. 
“Oh my God, you’re killing me!” Kat snapped. Gia loved her junk food. She ate it all the time and never gained an ounce. “G, it wouldn’t hurt you to eat a vegetable… Anyway, here, I have some chips.” She tossed a bag at her. “I have some leftover chili, you want some?”
“Yeah, I guess.” Gia was still pouting.
“Look, you’re with Tyler, right?” Kat asked, as she put the chili in the microwave.
“Yes.”
“So who cares if Pat’s going to be in Pittsburgh?” Kat split the chili into two bowls and brought them over to the high top table. She sat down next to Gia. “What’s your big problem with him anyway?”
Gia groaned. “I don’t know why he bothers me so much. I think it is his arrogance.” Gia finished another mouthful of chili. “I don’t like him drooling all over me.” She made a face of disgust, like she was wiping something off of her. Kat just laughed.
“Dramatic much? He’s actually a pretty nice guy, if you give him a chance. Of course…” She chuckled. “You wouldn’t know that, since all he does is hit on you… and acts like an ass… You’re kind of stuck though. He’s friends with Tyler, he’s my new husband’s cousin, and now he’s on the team! I still don’t get why he annoys you. Guys drool over you all the time.” She shrugged, adding, “I think the lady doth protest too much.”
“Ugh! Shut up, Kat! He annoys me. I’ll just keep my distance. It’s all I can do. So, anyway… how are you, Mrs. Lafleur? How is married life?” She finally smiled.
“It’s wonderful. I swear, Gia, Kris is my Prince Charming. This is finally my happily ever after.” Kat grinned ear to ear. It was a nice change to talk about something other than Gia for a while. Kat laughed to herself.
“Aw, that is so sweet!” Gia scraped the last little bit of chili out of her bowl. “So… When is your new cousin-in-law coming to town?”
And there it is, we are back to talking about Gia. “My what? Cousin-in-law? I never heard of that before. Anyway, I don’t know. And I think your plan to stay away from him sounds like a good one.”
EPILOGUE

Kat woke from a sound sleep, and ran for the bathroom. “Great, a stomach bug, just what I need,” she muttered before reliving last night’s dinner. 
Kris was already gone; he had to be at morning practice by nine. It was just the beginning of the season, and the schedule was already getting hectic.
Kat stood up slowly, holding onto the bathroom sink. She brushed her teeth and moped back to bed, deciding to rest for just a little longer, and try to sleep it off. There was a Renegades game tonight, and Kat intended on being there, so she hoped she’d feel better once she slept a little longer.
She must have slept for about an hour or so, when she was startled awake by her cell phone ringing. She opened her eyes to search for her phone. The room still blurry, she grabbed it off the nightstand and looked at the screen. “Kris?”
“Good morning. You still sleeping, beautiful?” he asked, laughing. “Well, sleepy-head, do you need anything before I head home? Practice ended early.”
“Hey, babe. Actually, I woke up earlier and didn’t feel so hot, so I went back to bed. Maybe it’s just something I ate.” She sat up, getting her bearings as the spinning room slowed. She didn’t go into details. Who wanted to hear about that?
“Oh, sorry I woke you up then. How are you feeling now?”
“No, it’s fine. I think I’m okay now.” She sat up, and took a quick inventory of how her stomach was doing. It seemed almost normal. “Um, I’m kind of hungry. How about bringing home some lunch? I’ll get up and get myself moving,”
“Lunch? Okay, baby, I can do that. What sounds good to you? Since you’re the one having the stomach issues this morning.” Kris sounded concerned.
“Hmm…” She thought for a second. She actually was really hungry, and had no signs of the episode from this morning. She would normally suggest sandwiches from the deli, or a nice steak salad. But today she didn’t feel like either of those. “I could really go for a fast food burger and some fries. Sorry, I know you don’t normally eat that stuff.” But she really wanted the greasy food.
“No, that’s cool, I can do that. Anything else? We have some yogurt and fruit in the refrigerator. I can make us some parfaits to go with lunch.”
“Yum, that sounds good…” Her stomach was actually growling now. Maybe she was just hungry? “Okay, just a cheeseburger and fries. Will you be home soon?”
“I’m headed to get the food now, so I won’t be long.” She could hear his smile over the phone. “I love you, beautiful.”
“Love you too.” Kat hung up, smiling. She looked down at her ring, and tilted her hand a bit to see it sparkle in the light.

****

Kat showered and was finishing up styling her hair when she heard Kris come in. She hurried downstairs. He looked up to see her cheerfully bouncing down the stairs.
“Well hey there, beautiful. You don’t look sick.”
“I feel okay now. Must have been something I ate.” She shrugged.
“Well, I’m glad you’re feeling better, Mrs. Lafleur.” He wrapped his arms around her waist and brushed his lips against hers.
“Me too, Mr. Lafleur.” She smiled.
They walked into the kitchen together. “Mmm, smells good.” She smiled.
“Yeah.” He chuckled. They sat down together at the breakfast nook.
Kris opened the bag, and handed Kat her cheeseburger. “One greasy cheeseburger, and French fries for Mrs. Lafleur…” 
He went to the fridge, and then set vanilla yogurt on the counter in front of her, with strawberries and blueberries. She spooned the yogurt into bowls and Kris added the fruit on top. She laughed as he pulled out his lunch. He wasn’t a fast food person, and this was not in his carefully planned healthy diet. He opened a plain hamburger, and threw away the bun.
“Now, how are you going to eat that?” She giggled.
“Like this.” Kris walked back to the refrigerator, grabbed some lettuce and a cucumber out of the crisper and some cut up tomato. He grabbed a fork and sat back down beside Kat. She laughed a little, as he put the lettuce, cucumber and tomato on the burger, and cut it up with his fork. “See?” He smiled and took a bite. “I’m eating fast food, it’s just low carb.”
“If you say so…” She laughed. “Sorry, I’m a bad influence. I guess I haven’t had this in so long, I just really wanted it.” She was really enjoying the cheeseburger that she had been craving. “And this tastes so good…” She giggled and scarfed down the French fries.
“It means you’re feeling better, and as long as you’re enjoying it, that’s all that matters.” He ate half the burger patty, then his parfait. Reaching into the fruit basket on the counter, he grabbed an apple while she finished her greasy meal. “You ready for the game tonight?”
“Sure am! I’m glad I feel better. I hated the idea of missing it.” She hated missing any games they played in Philly. They were big guys, so it was always a rough game, and it sucked watching that from home. She always worried about Kris when they played the rougher teams.
“Well, we need to leave here about four.” That was a heads up to Kat; she had been known to not be ready on time, and the guys couldn’t be late.
She smiled and nodded. “Yes, sir.”
He pushed his hair back out of his eyes and smiled at her.
“Hey, remind me when we get to the arena, I want to run by the coffee shop and get a coffee.”
“Why don’t you call them from the box and ask them to bring it up to you?” Kris asked.
“I don’t know, I hate doing that. Asking them to go out of their way for me. I can just as easily go get it myself.”
He put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. “Let’s go sit on the porch for a little bit.”
She lay on the porch lounger with her head on his thigh. Now and then she glanced at her ring in the sunlight. 

****

When they arrived at the arena, Kat stopped for coffee before heading up to the private box. The servers at the coffee shop were always so nice to her. Everyone in the place knew the story of how she and Kris had met there.
Tonight she was hungry, so she also grabbed a chocolate biscotti to go with her cappuccino. On her way to the box, she passed a nacho stand. Mmm, they smell so good. She stopped off to see Mike, the concessions guy. “Hey, Mike.”
“Well hello, Miss Kat!” Mike bellowed merrily. “What can I get for you, doll?”
“I wanted to see if you can also send up an order of nachos when you send up the pretzels and chocolate dip?” Or fries? Boy those fries smell good too. Crap, which one? She decided to stick with the nachos, maybe. “Wait, no… cheese fries. Yeah, an order of cheese fries. Please?”
“Definitely. No problem! You want that on the tab too?” Mike asked.
“No, I have the cash for those. Here you go.” The fries came to eight dollars. Kat handed him a ten. “Keep the change, and thanks, Mike!” She headed up to the box. When she walked in, Gia and Lindsey were already there.
“Hey, Mrs. Lafleur, where you been?” Lindsey bellowed. “How’s the new bride?”
Kat beamed. “Had to stop for a coffee.” Kat hugged Gia, then sat down at the table that overlooked the ice. “Gia, everything good?” 
Gia nodded. “Oh look, here they come for warm ups.”
Kat watched Kris and Patrick race each other around the ice, and try to out shoot each other, with Matt beating both of them.
“Why’s Ty hanging back?” Lindsey asked.
“Cause he could outshine all of them!” Gia laughed. 
Kat just smirked.
The game started off rough, with a fight right from the face off. Biting her nails, Emily said, “Good thing the snacks are arriving soon.”
Kat sat and sipped her Appletini that Gia ordered for her. The fights were going to be rough tonight. She sat back and sighed. Luckily none involved Kris, yet. They seemed to be after Tyler, which was freaking Gia out. With Matt stepping in and defending him, Lindsey was panicking every time he took a hit.
Just then the young concessions guy walked in with their pretzels. Emily took them and gave the guy a tip. “I have an order of cheese fries too,” he said. Kat had forgotten all about her fries. How could she forget those?
“Oh! Those are mine.” She hopped over to him. “Thank you.” She took them out of his hands, and in exchange gave him a small tip.
“Cheese fries?” Lindsey questioned. “Not your usual snack?”
“Yeah, I passed a stand on my way here and they smelled so good, I just had to order some. I can’t eat them all, especially if I have some pretzel, so we can all share these.” Kat set the fries in the middle of them all. “What?” she said as they stared at her, “I’m a nervous snacker, I can’t help it.” She shrugged.
“Hell, give me some of those,” Gia called, and grabbed the fries. “What? I’m a nervous snacker too!” She giggled.
“Mrs. Lafleur, doesn’t your husband feed you at home?” Lindsey joked.
“Ha ha, he actually brought me home fast food today just because I wanted it.”
They looked at her in disbelief. “Kris bought fast food? No way.”
The laughter erupted when she told them he threw most of his away. That was the Kris they knew!
The game wasn’t as bad as Kat imagined it would be. Kris didn’t get into any fights, but he did shove a few people around on the ice, knocked a few people down. Players kept getting in his face, and he wouldn’t back down. He stayed in their face until they backed off.
“Look at Kris. Man if I only knew what he was saying…” Kat gushed.
“Settle down there, you need me to spray you with cold water? Damn…” Gia fanned Kat jokingly. Kat gave her a dirty look.
The game came down to the last period. It was tied 1–1; the goalies were tight tonight. The girls snacked through all of the pretzels and chocolate, and ate the fries.
“Please don’t go into overtime…” Lindsey groaned. “Please don’t go into overtime!’“
“There are no snacks left for overtime!” Gia called, only half joking.
Kaden wasn’t letting anything by, and they needed to do something to rattle the opposing goalie. The puck dropped, and Tyler passed the puck to Kris, who flew down the ice, playing keep away with the puck. Tyler positioned himself in front of the goalie, and hit his stick on the ice; he wanted the puck.
Kris looked up and passed it to Tyler. Tyler skated straight for the goalie, then faked to the left. The goalie fell to that side to protect his goal, then Tyler made a sudden jerk to his right and shot it right past the goaltender. The Renegades won!
Kat jumped out of her seat and her stomach turned. “Oh, too much junk food,” she whispered, but only Gia heard her.

****

“Babe, you okay?” Kris called through the bathroom door.
“Yes,” she softly called back as she hugged the toilet. What is wrong with me? She sat on the floor for a few minutes, and then tried to get up. Slowly she pulled herself up to the sink to brush her teeth. Once she’d used some mouthwash, she started to feel better. She paused for a moment to get her bearings before opening the bathroom door to a concerned Kris, who was nervously waiting for her.
“Feel any better?” He wrapped his arms around her.
“Yeah, actually I do. Let’s go downstairs and get some coffee.” She really did feel better, and a hot cup of coffee sounded really good right now.
Kris made her sit down and he poured her a cup. “Do you think you should call the doctor?” he asked, his face serious.
“No, I’m fine, really.” She didn’t know why but she felt better. “Let’s eat something. Then you need to get to practice.”
“No. It’s optional today, and I’m staying home with you. I still think you should go to the doctor though. Just humor me. Please?” He said as he poured her a bowl of cereal.
Cereal? I could actually go for some greasy eggs and hash browns. She laughed. “Thanks, babe.” What is the matter with me? She didn’t have a fever, and now that she felt fine again, she was actually really hungry. “I did eat a lot of those cheese fries last night.”
“Cheese fries? You sure are on a junk food bender lately, aren’t you?” Kris laughed. “That’s it, we’re having steamed broccoli for dinner!”
Kat laughed, then all of a sudden had the urge to throw up again. She frantically jumped off the chair and ran upstairs to their bathroom. She sat on the cold bathroom floor for about ten minutes before the feeling passed. All of a sudden, her mind replayed Kris commenting about her junk food bender. I have, haven’t I? She couldn’t remember the last time she ate so much bad food.
Kris came upstairs to check on her. The bathroom door was closed. “Everything okay, beautiful?” He called through the door. “I was just kidding about the broccoli, baby.”
“Yeah, fine. I’ll be out in a second.” She called back.
Kris sat on the bed and waited.
It wasn’t long before she opened the door.
“Babe, is everything okay?”
“Well, you tell me…” She handed him a pregnancy test.
“I still think I should take you to the doctor.” He looked confused, until finally it all started to register. A blue plus sign was staring back at him. “What’s this? Wait.” Kris gasped. “You’re pregnant?”
She looked at him through tear filled eyes. “What do you think?” she asked quietly. She bit her lip, not knowing what his reaction was going to be. After all, they hadn’t planned this.
“What do I think? I think you just proved me wrong,” Kris answered with a smile.
Kat was confused. What did he mean I proved him wrong? “Wrong? Proved you wrong about what?”
Kris slid his hands softly around her waist. His lips sat inches from hers. “I thought after you agreed to marry me, you couldn’t possibly make me any happier. I had everything I ever wanted. And now what do I think? I think, I think that this news has made me even happier.”
Kat let out a heavy breath, now smiling through the tears. She threw her arms around his shoulders as he pulled her close.
“Babe, I can’t believe I am actually going to be a Papa…” He smiled and hugged Kat tightly. “A Papa…” He repeated, as a tear of joy ran down his face.



THE END

Dear Reader:

This book was a labor of love for me. I loved writing about Kris and Kat’s romance. I loved creating their love and sharing it with you. They became part of me. When I wasn’t writing about them or reading about them, I wanted to be. I missed them!

Kris is based on my favorite hockey player. I mean my favorite hockey player. Yeah, I just adore him. Each interview I see where he does a hair flip or tosses his hair, I squeal a little, because I know I captured that hair flip in my Kris. I love hockey, and getting to put parts of the game in Score On Me was so much fun.

If you enjoy the Renegades, consider joining our Facebook Readers Group. We talk about books, hockey, hot guys, tattooed guys, all of the above and more.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/MelodysIceCrew/

A big thanks to Bree from Vivid Words Editing! She’s so awesome, words can’t begin to express how much. Bree was my editor for the updated edition of this book. She helped me take an average story and push it over the top with a few small changes. She helped me turn it into a story that I can truly be proud of.
And Kat from Aeternum Designs for turning my idea of Kris and Kat into the reality of a kick-ass cover.

The next installment of the Renegades Series is available now. Unsportsmanlike Conduct – Renegades 2. I hope you will join me for Gia’s story. I have a soft spot for her. She’s unpredictable and you just never know what she will do next.

-Melody
Facebook Renegades Reader Group:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/MelodysIceCrew/

Melody’s Books:

The Renegades Series
Until You (The Renegades Book 0.5)
Score on Me (The Renegades Book 1)
Unsportsmanlike Conduct (The Renegades Book 2)
Playing the Game (The Renegades Book 3)
Zambonis and Mistletoe (The Renegades Book 4)
Shutout (The Renegades Book 5)
Shootout Save (The Renegades Series 6)
Blindsided (The Renegades Series 7)
Shot at Love (The Renegades Series 8)
Body Checked - After the Buzzer (The Renegades Series 9)
Icing Isn’t Only For Cookies (The Renegades Series 9.5)
Melting the Ice (The Renegades Series 10)

The Renegades Legacy Series
Loving the Game (Book One)
Changing the Game (Book Two) – COMING SOON
Winning the Game (Book Three) – COMING SOON

The Boise Grizzlies
Lattes & Slapshots (Boise Grizzlies Book 1) co-authored with Mary Smith
Caffeine Rush (Boise Grizzles Book 2) COMING SOON

The Holiday Series
WANTED: Boyfriend for Christmas (Book 1) – co-authored with Mary Smith
Off-Limits Valentine (Book 2) – by Melody Heck Gatto 
My Forever Valentine (Book 3) – by Melody Heck Gatto (Fall 2020)
All My Heart (Book 4) – by Melody Heck Gatto (Valentine’s Day 2021)
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Melody is an USA Today Bestselling hockey romance author. Born and raised in the Steel City, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Home of the Pittsburgh Penguins, Steelers (and Pirates). We are famous for Mario Lemieux, Sidney Crosby, Pierogis, saying “yinz”, and sandwiches with coleslaw and French fries on them (just to name a few). Melody lives with her husband, teen son, and fur babies.
The whole family are avid Pittsburgh Penguins fans and like going to hockey games when they get the chance. Having met some of the players has fueled her interest in writing about them and creating wonderful stories.
Melody has loved writing since she was small, in school she never met a creative writing assignment that she didn't love. She is lucky enough to have a wonderful husband who encourages her to write. When she was laid off from her job of 14 years, he was supportive about letting her stay home and just be a mom. During that time, she discovered hockey-romances and found a renewed love of reading as well as a passion for writing.
There isn’t a lot of time for other television during hockey season, but when she does watch, her favorite shows are BONES and SUPERNATURAL. Looking through her DVD/Blu-ray collection you’ll find every movie that stars Paul Walker, including every one of the Fast and the Furious movies.
When she’s not being a teacher to her teenage son (cyber school), or being a wife and a mom, she spends her time reading hockey romances. During the holidays, she really enjoys any romance about Christmas, and Hallmark movies on tv. When it is the hockey off-season, she catches a good Hallmark wedding movie, enjoys swimming and spending her days out in the sun with her family and a good book.
Basically, if she’s not writing or reading, then she’s doing something that has to do with hockey!

