SCRAPHEAP OF DREAMS


by BRUCE HANNA



Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Bruce Hanna


Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover image: Five faces, copyright Macchia, Dreamstime
TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.I Need You, She Wept
2.The Bimbo
3.Little Stomachs on Legs
4.A Perfect Day for a Funeral
5.Ghosts Don't Knock
6.Black Dots on a Sunny Day
7.Foxy Lady
8.Inferno
9.A Little Mouse
10.Inspector Cardiac Solves a Case
11.Gran Has the Last Word
12.She's Out There, Shooting Off Her Big Mouth Again
13.Accusing Eyes & Another Man's Wife
14.Poor Baby

About the author

Other books by Bruce Hanna

I NEED YOU, SHE WEPT


I was resting after an assignment in Stockholm, when I first met Pautret the maniac who took pot shots at me in Oslo. Years later, crazy Pautret made headlines at the other end of a gun.

In Stockholm, I had covered the Nobel awards. The alternative news agency Anga barely covered my expenses. They said few of my photos were saleable. To me they were pictures not photos. Fact is, photographs are something while pictures say something. That meant a lot to me, and nothing to them.

During my Oslo hiatus, my darling Viagara started hassling me. That wasn’t her real name, but that’s what I called her - she had the same effect on me as the little blue pills, and she was a fountain-girl, a human version of the Niagara waterfall in Ontario. She wanted me, she said. It sounds better than it was. We were long-time professional associates. Years before she switched to writing, I was one of her clients. One of her best, she said. It was partly with my help she broke into journalism. I figured she owed me something, but I didn't make a big deal of it. So, what if she had some boyfriend, she said she wanted me.

That’s what she always said. Saying it so many times did not make it less believable. Admittedly she was talking about the pictures she needed to illustrate her big story, a commissioned feature article for an experimental music magazine. I thought, let her put up with the fact I love her. Waste of time however that was!  The article she described centred on some show biz nutter by name of Pautret.

“Selph Pautret is shockingly outrageous,” she said. “Semi-comic, utterly horrific and scathing but at the same time inventive and subtly radical.”

“That must keep him busy,” I scoffed.

“Oh,” she said. “Very busy indeed. He's been around for ages and he's so far ahead of what is going on these days, he slips totally under the radar. Nobody understands what he's on about. Not yet anyway.”

It never matters to me what I point my camera at. Arse holes - political or actual - dead bodies, bowls of fruit! It was all the same. At my age, I let the pictures take themselves. Trouble was I had to get out of bed and carry the camera gear round. The camera had not yet learned to do that for itself. Viagara did her best to persuade me to help her. She was very persuasive.

“What's in it for me?”

“Let’s talk it over,” she said.

She was a quirky chick with teased blonde hair and a teasing gravel-whisper of a voice. She'd lost a lot of weight since I first knew her. Her tiny hands and feet, scrawny legs and arms and long breadstick of a neck gave the impression of littleness, but she wasn't small.  She worked on her visual impression with clashing dangles of scarves, junk jewellery and layers of colour, so at first you did not notice she was stacked like a plate of warm pancakes oozing natural maple syrup. In the pond of her little cute round face swam the two most diabolically beguiling eyes. Persuasion was always her speciality. I don't remember what she said, but she never mentioned money. Her French boyfriend drove us to the job. He was far too young for her. It was only a matter of time, before he used her for what he wanted and moved on. As I sat in the back of the little Fiat I quickly grew tired of listening to his buttery voice.

A basket of smelly laundry on the back seat leaned hard against me from the side when he drove round corners too fast. He did it on purpose I suspected. Unobtrusively I slipped a souvenir into my pocket, a cute little lacy G-string. It was pathetic of me and I wasn’t proud of doing it, but the rebel in me damn-well didn’t care. I smiled to myself, as the two in the front nattered.

“Maybe we should drop into the laundromat on the way,” I suggested. “This stuff in the basket smells a bit gunky!”

They ignored me, swapping endearments and babbling to each other, mostly in English, mixed with French and Spanish, both of which I knew enough to follow the boring conversation, but not well enough to join in and improve it.

“Oh Guy,” Viagara kept squawking. “You're outrageous!”

The French boyfriend's name was Guy, which they pronounce Ghee, like the oily Indian butter manufactured from buffalo milk.  It was a good name for him, with his olive complexion that Viagara did not tire of stroking. He had the sort of face that smiled as easily as Jersey cows fart in a paddock of clover. I was familiar with the gaseous habits of milking cows from a photographic assignment I had for a butter company years ago. Clarified butter! That was him. When he smiled there was a dumb, buffalo look about him with big sleepy eyes. Viagara rubbed his bare muscled arm again, and again till I could have ripped her hand off at the wrist and hurled it out the side window. She rubbed his bare arm and she cooed.

“Oh Guy! You're outrageous.”

She went on a bit about the musical madman we were on our way to see. But Guy seemed less interested than I was. As near as I could tell, all Guy wanted to talk about was himself. Most of it bullshit, I figured. He was outrageous enough for me to fantasise smashing his self-satisfied face with my fist, that's how incessant was his bragging. Not that I would have done so without a reasonable excuse, but he was getting me there.

“You should have your own TV cooking show, man,” I quipped. “You could call it Cooking with Ghee.”

I was disappointed. If he was offended he did not show it. For some reason, he kept calling me Monsieur Soi-disant, and I wished he would cut it out. I guess we did not like each other from the start.

“Monsieur Soi-disant, what is your interest in Sabrina's project?” the boyfriend asked. “Professional, artistic, political or personal.”

“Don't!” snapped Viagara, punching his arm.

“I usually work for Anga,” I said. “I’m a professional. This assignment is a favour.”

He surprised me when he laughed in a friendly way. We arrived outside the club where pale-fleshed skeletal types gathered on the street, lining up like beggars to get in. Guy double-parked the Fiat. We marched in like we owned the joint, and the punks at the door almost broke their faces, smiling to be nice to us, herding the chumps aside to clear the way for us, like we were big shots. I guess compared to the riff raff we were. Inside Viagara pointed out various banal shots she was keen on. I snapped a few knowing they'd turn out shit. If you've seen one nascent cadaver in the gloom, you've seen them all.

I noticed the way Guy looked at the half-dressed, half-starved girls in the crowd, and the way some looked back at him. I was pleasantly confident Viagara would lose him before long, the same as other punks she wasted herself on over the years, while I remained faithful. Then there was a dull pyrotechnic boom and the stage exploded in a spurt of pink fairy-floss lighting. And there appeared Viagara's nut case, shrieking and screeching in agony, the zonko artist, avant-garde goofball with long hair dyed jet black, and a crazed look like a stick of gelignite had gone off in the backside of his trousers. Of course, avant garde means avant garbage. The nut case was an old man, the multi-cultural son of an old time Scottish screen star, way back before black & white films turned into technicolour movies. Viagara told us a bit about him on the drive to the photo-shoot.

According to what she said, eccentricity ran in the Pautret family, the nut-case’s father was a part-Polish, Jewish cabaret singer who murdered 25 people in a one-man, anti-Communist protest, when he shot himself in the head in a Government bus behind the Iron Curtain. The bullet ricocheted out the other side of his skull and took out the bus driver. The bus did the rest, swerving off the road into a river.

“That’s Communism for you,” I said. “It’s always a disaster, when you let a Government run anything.”

“Take no notice of him,” Viagara said to Guy. “He thinks he is funny.”

If the outlandish spectacle I witnessed on stage before me was any indication of the performer’s DNA, I should have taken it as a warning. The crackpot gyrated with black rags hung from all parts of his body, so when he pranced and waved his arms, like a lumbering ogre, rags and straggles of long hair flew wildly in all directions. At times, he metamorphosed into a spider teetering on its back legs. At times, like a furry beast on hands and knees. Pasty mascara, greasepaint and rouge coloured his face; an ear-splitting, schizoid fragment of sub-urban graffiti. He was a hideous apparition, but that was nothing to compare with his screaming and the amplified industrial cacophony that blared from speaker-banks, as though Frankfurt airport and Grand Central Station collided during peak hour at a Barcelona bullfight. The maniac's antics were unbelievable. Not in a good way. Viagara tugged my sleeve and punched my shoulder with her midget fist. “Shoot him,” she shouted in my ear. I could only just make out her voice while the mad freak on stage bellowed in Germanic English. It sounded like:

...yr a cool one/why not/ Do you act stupid or innocent/ I can never tell/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people, and the people eat Gods and spit out garbage/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people/ The people eat Gods and spit out garbage/ Man is King, Man is God/ Everybody’s sucking the top dog off/ top of the pops/next thing he takes a shot/ he takes a shit/ he takes another shot/ he blows out his brains/ his brains, my brains/ it makes no difference to me/ as far as I can see/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people, spitting out garbage, spitting out evil/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people....

The performance went on forever but it seemed longer than that. The obviously drug-addled audience howled for more, stamping and shouting amid whoops of deranged delight. It reminded me briefly of once when I did a photo-shoot for an animal rights group in an overcrowded Asian canine abattoir, where the half-starved hounds went crazy at killing time, barking and howling and hurling themselves against the chain-wire fence of their compound; it sounded somehow the same. By then I had pushed through to the front of the crowd. Snap! Snap! Snap!

Face-paint cracked and bits peeled off as the eccentric artist glared into the camera's eye and surged closer to me, so close at one point that I felt a gush of bad breath in a mist of spit. He looked astonishingly ancient and evil. Bits of rag flew off the costume, whether by design or from bad sewing, it was impossible to know. I wiped my camera lens dry, with one eye on the performance, when suddenly the crazy guy pulls out a tiny pistol, and waving it around he then starts shooting. Someone pushed me from behind as I ducked. I half fell and half dived forward, rolling as the lunatic packed off a flurry of shots at me. I've seen a lot of movies and knew enough how to roll and dodge gunfire.

It's not as easy as it looks on TV. Yet by a miracle every shot missed me. It was more than a miracle. Then I realised it was over. He ran out of ammo. My camera had taken a battering. My body was bruised from arse-bone to breakfast, and my heart was jumping through the ceiling of my head. Thank God, the worst was over. The crowd screamed laughing. Amplified sound effects screeched in a crescendo and the psychopath in black dripped sweat and melting smudges of makeup as he stooped over me, yellow bloodshot eyes bulging insanely and stained teeth protruding from his mouth, he screamed in a shower of saliva at my face...

...The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people/ The people eat Gods and spit out garbage/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people/ The people eat Gods and spit out garbage/ The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people, spitting out garbage, spitting out evil...

His voice echoed.

...monkeys/monkeys/Gods and People....

And with a harrowing howl he rushed from stage. Viagara pounced out of the confusion. She grabbed my collar in both hands and tried to shake shit out of me.

“Why didn't you shoot him? You missed your chance, you idiot. You missed so many great shots, for heaven's sake!”

She was furious. I ignored the gaunt, brainlessly-grinning faces in the swarm of audience only feet away.

“The bastard almost killed me!” I screamed.

Everybody laughed, the whole crowd and caboodle, all of them like plague victims contaminated by the fleeing madman.

“They were blanks… a cap-gun!” Viagara cried. “It's his act. Are you stupid?”

Anyway. We got over that fiasco.

Guy laughed, “I never seen anything like it before, man. You looked really funny. I wish I had a camera to catch your action, Stuntman Soi-disant! You were totally outrageous.”

My hand trembled with desire to make his wish come true; little did he know how close he came to having a camera at that very moment – my camera clutched in my fist and shoved down his neck. We went backstage to the change room away from the woozy crowd. The change room was a shithouse, literally. A bank of three door-less toilet cubicles lined the wall opposite a bench with three basins under a wide, deteriorated mirror. A small table and chairs were somehow jammed in the middle. Clothing hung on the wall from nails hammered into brickwork where clumps of plaster were cracked away.

In the centre cubicle sat Selph, the long-haired maniac with American denims draped from his pale thighs and a sweaty once-white singlet that hung loose from his hairy chest as he strained. His bony, bare, withered grey arms with faded tattoos braced against his knees. Stained teeth smiled and yellow eyes squinted, in a shy, old man way. He must have been sixty years old, at least. The crazy loon wiped his arse and flushed. The stink of his shit competed with the staleness of the rest of the place.

“Thank goodness for salt damp,” I said, as he turned his back and pulled up his pants; and I snapped a shot of his bare grey hairy arse.

The old maniac lit a stick of incense and then casually set about fixing up a hit at the table.

“What did you think of the show?” he said to Viagara as he blithely strapped his arm ignoring me.

I was familiar with the attitude. Everyone talks to the writer. The photographer is just there.

Viagara said, “Your performance is more politicised than last year. But I wonder, Selph, is that what you intend?”

The old guy set the syringe on a white cloth stained with a speck of blood. He clutched at his face and pulled the skin tight, so he suddenly seemed twenty years younger, but when he sagged back into chair the wrinkles and the years sagged back into him.

“Maybe,” he sighed.

He seemed to think about it a moment with his eyes closed, or maybe he died.

When he re-emerged from his internal cemetery, he said, “I'm not sure how it works. Everything means something different to everybody.”

Viagara slipped a miniature dictation machine from her purse and thrust it at the old guy's face. Old Selph jerked a thumb in the direction of Viagara's boyfriend sitting like an inquisitive child on the bench with his back to the mirror.

“What's he doing here?”

“He's our driver,” I laughed and Viagara frowned toward the camera, meaning for me to get about my job.

I smiled. The old man wiped his nose on the back of his hand, staring at Guy and ignoring me. Snap! Snap! Snap! One thing never happened to me in my entire photographic career. Nobody ever jerked their thumb at me and asked, What is he doing here?

I snapped the subject from various angles, searchingly, while Viagara asked a series of questions that I felt sure she plagiarised from elsewhere. In her early dabbling days, I taught her there is no such thing as originality. Everything is copied from somewhere or someone or something. Every thought is a pastiche, every moment an echo of the past bouncing off the future, a photograph of something. If you're lucky it forms a picture, to you, or if you hit the jackpot, to someone else. Even an optical illusion or an hallucination has its origin, even if, in the most innocent form, as a theft by finding. I told her that, and she used my words as part of her first published article in the ancient past. We celebrated together like lovers in a porn tent show, with an invisible crowd screaming for more. What a night. It lasted two days. All too long ago, once upon a time in Heaven.

As Viagara carried on interviewing Selph, one of the club staff came in and used the toilet.

“A lot of your work hinges on re-contextualising images,” Viagara continued with the interview.

Goddamn, I was sure that was not even a real word.

“I'm interested in how you go about that. What is your thinking process?”

Snap! Snap! Snap! The more that old bullshit-artist Selph thought about the complicated questions, the less life and character showed on the old tired face hanging from his skull. He looked lost. Between words he sank into silence and sighed. Or to illustrate a point, he half sang the words of a song. In the absence of sound effects and amplification, his voice was sedate, almost frail and over-pitched, the lyrics mundane, occasionally offensive. One for instance went:

...old Ma Hammett, you stink and smell/ bitch and whore and slut from Hell/ Ma Hammett is so insane/ Watch out! Here she comes again/ She loves the whip, she loves the lashe/ she gave up cigarettes and sex/ she masturbates with a nicotine patch/ she got an itch, she got a rash/ from a BBC wearing a baseball hat/ol’ Ma Hammett will eat your brain/ Ma Hammett is totally insane…

Like that, the interspersing of profanities and insults did not conceal the fact it sounded like a perverted parody of the Beatles song Goo-goo Eyeballs. I was embarrassed for him. He was demented. A junked-up joke of a jerk-off!

“It's sort of proto-post-feminism,” said the old artist with a sly grin, and Viagara nodded enthusiastically. He said when he was young and living with his Scottish grandmother in Aberdeen, Miss Hammett was the brutal principal of his neighbourhood school. That place from his youth, and old Ma Hammett represented to him all authority and tyranny. By the end of the interview, I felt sorry for the sad geriatric would-be. If he was an artist that was his problem. There is no obligation on the creative soul to be relevant, or even sane. I got a lot of photographs, but no pictures.

“He was pathetic,” I said after we left him, and Guy agreed.

“I'll jazz him up for the article,” Viagara said. “Some of his quotes will look good when I polish them up. What about pictures?”

“I got a few good ones of you,” I said. “With the Geriatric Teenage Rebel in the background, they should have impact and won't hurt your profile. Come over tomorrow and you can check out the proofs.”



Part II


Tomorrow came and what a night it was! Viagara loved the pictures, and left no doubt in my mind or my bed as to her appreciation.  I'm sure the pictures helped sell, not only the article, but also her - as a feature writer, and no doubt they boosted old boy Pautret’s career. Viagara made him famous as the Geriatric Teenage Rebel with the title of her magazine article. The title was mine but the royalties were hers.

I hoped Viagara's young boyfriend Guy found out about our time together, and perhaps he would dump her in a jealous rage. But that did not happen. Once or twice they broke up and she turned to me. But he came crawling back each time, as slippery as ever. And she took him back. Maybe with her success and growing fame he liked her more. Life is funny with its many twists and turns. Selph Pautret became a mild sensation with a heavily-edited disco version of The Gods eat monkeys and spit out people, and the people eat Gods and spit out garbage. I guessed no one listened to the words.

Understandable misinterpretations arose with the subsequent release of Selph Pautret’s song Ma Hammett is a Bitch. It created an unpleasant stir in certain religious circles. Nevertheless, Pautret was a hit at the Eindhoven Skunkarama Festival. In more ways than one. Right-wing bigots flocked to his performances. They blamed sabotage when Pautret was almost decapitated on stage, when with a shriek, like steel being torn, stage rigging crashed down, narrowly missing the lone figure at the microphone below. People screamed, but not Selph Pautret, as wiring struck him a glancing blow. TV news footage caught it all. On the soundtrack as all else fell silent, a lone voice wailed above the murmur of the crowd.

“Is there a doctor in the house?”

Laughs and titters followed the lone outcry. The crowd in black, with red and purple dyed spiked hair, and silver-spiked faces surged forward. Clad in a torn T-shirt printed with a slogan, Scars Talk! a young man shouted, “I’m a paramedic!” I watched the young man on TV crouched over the fallen figure of Selph Pautret, and following a brief examination, the young man loudly announced something like, “He’s cool, hij is simpelweg flauw.”

The old boy had done nothing more serious than fainted, but the punk and goth crowd burst into applause, whistling and shouting. Next day Viagara was commissioned to do a feature article for one of the leading European glossy magazines, partly on the strength of her original story about the crazy old performer now he was an international internet sensation. Viagara rang me to go with her. She could have any one of a dozen well-known photographers, but she said she needed me.

“I've got a budget,” she laughed. “We'll live it up in Amsterdam.”

“That sounds great,” I tried to sound not overly excited, but I was.

I imagined renewing our intimacies. It had been too long since we had been really together, though I saw her here and there, with one of her young stupid boyfriends, Guy mainly. The few times she rang and said she needed me had never led to much, and did not last long. I noticed over the past twelve months she had widened and gathered signs of middle-age. She was going downhill fast but I didn't see it that way. Like a matured wine, there was now more burnish to her character than before, I supposed. I fantasised torrid sessions of passion in Amsterdam, fuelled by copious high-octane cannabis of brutal strength.

“It would be heavenly to work with you again,” I laughed.

It was a massive understatement.

“Yeah,” she laughed too. “Remember the story we did from that toilet block in Oslo? It will be nothing like that. I assure you. We're going five-star. Or four, at least. Just like old times, you, me and Guy!”

I went anyway. She did the interview with Pautret in her hotel suite. Snap! Snap! Snap! I was shocked at the decline in the old fellow. He was three quarters balding and his bare scalp he streaked with dark eye-shadow in a vain effort to camouflage the baldness. Ruthless daylight steaming through uncurtained hotel windows highlighted his unhealthy corpulence and pallor. If Viagara was going downhill, Selph Pautret had rushed ahead to lead the way – out of sight as they say. I was distracted by the distant muffled sound elsewhere in the suite. It was Guy singing in the shower, sounding like a cross between Charles Aznavour and Tiny Tim, while Selph Pautret was telling Viagara that after his famous on-stage accident he woke to applause as he was carried from the stage. Swirling lights blinded him, he felt weightless, as hands bore him aloft through the clamouring throng. It was his epiphany, he said, with the typical emphasis of a pretentious prick using a word he did not know the meaning of.

“It was a religious experience! My enlightenment in a way! Just like when Little Richard gave up rock n roll, and cast his diamonds into the river. Or when Nick Cave first held Kylie Minogue's breast in his hand. I swear I will never forget it,” he said. “I could not remember my performance. Had I begun? Had I finished? The crowd laughed, and whistled and cheered. The fans waved, and reached out to me. I felt their adoration. I heard only the roar of their love, and I felt I was their fallen hero.”

I recalled watching on TV the extended news footage of the fat-bellied body of a ridiculous old man collapsed on a stretcher and borne through a laughing, dancing, jeering crowd. The commentary voice-over declared it the world-record shortest musical performance. It was gross exaggeration on any count, but particularly to call it musical!

“What kind of paradigm do you see in all this?” Viagara asked. “What I mean is, for you as an artist working on the verge between the Absurd and the Surreal.”

“I never felt such adoration,” dingbat Selph Pautret muttered with emotion-wet eyes. “Seminal fluid pulsed through my veins, inspiration oozed from my hair follicles. I was elated beyond all previous experience. Such adulation. The cries of compassion for me shall echo in my blood forever.”

“No,” Selph interrupted himself, to correct his wayward wording. “Don’t put that! Reverberation is the word. The cries of compassion for me shall reverberate in my soul forever. I think it is my reward for remaining faithful to my art. Sometime soon I will compose a work to commemorate the event. It makes all my years of thankless, fruitless failure worthwhile.”

Selph’s memory of the Dutch crowd's love seemed to give him confidence that showed in his face. Snap! Snap! Snap!  I captured the look because it was there, not because I liked it, while Viagara changed the batteries in her new dictation machine.

“The recording is broadcast quality,” she moaned. “But it chews the juice out of the batteries.”

“I now have the courage to face death,” Selph said while she was at it. “Knowing I shall not be forgotten. I should have been dead years ago, the way I’ve lived, facing death night after night, dying in public, dying in the serenity of seclusion, reincarnating myself with every performance. I’ve been blessed by a thousand second chances. I’ve lived longer than Jesus Christ did.  Nearly twice as long. I’ve outlived James Dean, John Lennon, Elvis Presley, Bob Marley, Rudolph Valentino and Jimi Hendrix. All my heroes.”

He recalled his early years with the hugely unsuccessful band Care Factor Zero - when audiences were sometimes moved to boo, Pautret said, but mainly they watched with their mouths hanging open.

“We were decades before our time.”

He leaned forward and lowered his voice in conspiratorial fashion.

“We acted like we did not care about anything, but we did. I cared more then, than I do now. Isn’t that funny?”

It's funny how success changes things. That night I dined with Viagara and Guy in an expensive restaurant. The food was fit for pigs, but rich pigs and we spent like fiends. Viagara eyed the inflated bill with satisfaction that I pretended to share. But it made me depressed to see her wasting herself and her money on Guy, even if it was money off some corporate media expense account, and I shared in it. The way Guy looked at younger women made me confident Viagara would lose him before long, like others she wasted herself on over the years, while I remained faithful…. Or devoted at least. That's how life was. He did not deserve her. I did. But what could I do?

When they went to their hotel suite arm in arm I was so jealous I cried. I still loved her, especially when I had no one else. In a way, I loved her more than ever before, even more than the old days when she was younger and I suppose more attractive, though now she was putting on the pounds or kilos, depending which country we were in, and no longer possessed the full bloom of youth; to me she was more beautiful than ever.

I was still sad in a way next morning, when I woke with a hangover and flicked on the English language radio, as I did every morning in a foreign country. Music cut off mid-track with a newsflash: Selph Pautret, the avant garde performance artist had been shot down in the street. He died in hospital. Police suspected he was killed by a demented Islamic terrorist in retribution for his song Ma Hammett is a Bitch. But there was no proof. That's how things were in the Netherlands in those days, all brands of crazies pissing in a pond of paranoia, stirring up the flow of misfit James Deans in balaclavas on a ski-lift to Valhalla or wherever the Hell… and the internet became a nightmare recruiting poster for both sides of the worldwide bonfire, as the verbal venality went viral with violence.

Viagara was certain to score a front-page scoop. Probably across the world. Her last-minute interview with the assassinated artist was media gold, pure shit, but it would make her a star. Any excuse to throw the word terror in a headline was hot, however spurious, but the show biz angle gave the story a less dull edge. There would no doubt also be TV interviews. My pictures would be prime property too. The phone rang while my head span. It was Viagara. She was in tears. I was surprised. She was not a sentimental woman. I thought the news would please her, professionally at least; even though in the name of humanity, she would feel sorry for old Selph. But now he was dead, nothing could change that. Her tears almost flowed through the phone as she sobbed hysterically.

“He's gone,” she bawled over the phone. “I need you.”

Excellent. She needed me, but really, it was too much. She was acting maybe, or sentimentality was getting to her in her old age, after all, humanity only goes so far, and it is only as deep as the moment allows.

I sympathised, “The poor old guy deserved better than an assassin’s bullet, poor Selph…”

“Not him, you fool,” she hissed. “Guy has left me.”

“Oh!”

It was not the first time I heard news like that from her, and I liked it. It made sense, exactly as I foretold! I was proud of my insight to human nature, or was it really so obvious a fool could see it.

“Outrageous!” I said, feeling momentarily ashamed of the hint of sarcasm in my voice.

In a flash, I realised maybe she had not heard about poor old Pautret.

“He has run off with some young tramp,” she cried. “He emptied my purse in the night and he's gone. The bastard! I knew this would happen again. He's done it once too many times now. I'm such a fool. I need you....”

I interrupted her, “Haven't you heard the news? Pautret has been shot. He's dead. You know what that means?”

“What are you talking about?” she stifled her sobs. “When?”

“Turn on the radio.”

I heard her radio in the background on one of the main channels. There was a newsflash in Dutch. There were a couple of mentions of Pautret’s name and then there was a terrible sound. They played a snippet of the recording of Old Ma Hammett etcetera. It was unintelligible but I roughly remembered the words hearing it the first time in the dingy Oslo backstage toilet, years before, when a little old man in a croaky voice recited grotty rhymes in childish vengeance against a hated school teacher. The World was crap, and at the same time, Viagara's words rang in my ears. She said she needed me.

“Sit tight,” I almost shouted over the phone. “I'll be right there.”

“Bring all your all film,” she said. “I have to see the pictures. This is unbelievable.”



Final Movement 


Love is a beautiful thing. I never knew that better than when she needed me. Now, she hung off my arm like a drunk, trying to not fall down when we went places, smashed off our faces. We were known in all the good nosh-joints, where the fine-feathered flunkies showed us, if not always the best table in the house, never a bad one. 

Viagara needed me to be there, she said, just to be there, and she looked at me with eyes that talked louder than her mouth did. And her mouth said plenty without talking. There is something in her kiss that was not there before. Sure, she wanted my pictures, but even better, she wanted my body. Looking back, I now see it was more than that, she simply could not abide to be without someone.

She knew she could have had my photographic services cheaper, without dishing herself up as dessert. But toss me round the bed a few times and she could have had anything she wanted, camera-geek, bed-buddy, social walking stick and shoulder to cry on. (What more could a woman want?) I was glad Guy had hurt her. I was glad Selph had been murdered. All the media jerk-houses wanted her stories. Big shots you would have heard of sought her out to trade gossip. She often lied about me too. I didn’t mind. Anything was better than the truth. I was a convenience, valuable at the time, but I wasn’t listed on the stock exchange.

Now, in the media marketplace, Selph Pautret was worth ten-thousand times more dead than alive. And Viagara’s agent started handling my pictures. My value tripled too, and I wasn’t even dead. We were the new five-minute wonders on easy street. Viagara said she was proud to be seen with me. I was a man and Guy was a just a boy, a spoiled little self-centred grub, she said. At last she saw me for what I was. I was the love of her life, she said. She never knew it before, but Guy had taught her that by negative example; he taught her the value of true love like my love. I felt uneasy. How about the positive example of my years of devotion, always being there when she wanted me? Never complaining, never putting myself first. Always there for her.

Well, how could things get better? They got better every time we went to bed. She did things with me now she never did before. One thing she did blew my mind, but when she said Guy taught her that, I never let her do it again. She found other ways to please me I had not dreamed about; some things I heard about, or seen in the annuls of pornography, but she took me to Heaven again and again, till it seemed I belonged there, as the money rolled in faster in two weeks than it had in twenty years. I blessed the memory of bad boy Selph Pautret. And my photographs were displayed across the continent, then they booked me for a side-exhibition in the New York Museum of Modern Art. Work flowed in from everywhere. I was deluged with invitations. Our agent hired an accountant to help scoop up the loot flying in.

Viagara did a story about me for Vogue. Then she did a big interview that was syndicated round the World. It was the easiest success I ever had; she wrote the answers for the interview, as well as the questions. Even I was impressed with my published wittiness and intelligence. Waggish, someone called me. I was booked for an assignment in Africa. I had to leave Viagara behind, she had commitments. My photographs caused a sensation. Then another assignment in Thailand covering some Royal event. I was unsure what it was. Snap! Snap! Snap! Through my camera lens I saw dollar signs everywhere. Returning to Rome to catch up with Viagara, eager to spend time and money together I found the paparazzi waiting; they treated me like their king at the airport, too special to harass with their cameras, cosying up to me for tips, contacts and advice, shoving crowds aside to make my pathway clear. People called me a celebrity. I had arrived. Apparently, I was not the only one.

I was in Rome a day early. Imagine Viagara’s surprise when I walked in. I underestimated the effect of my sudden appearance, more like shock. She was on the floor doing push-ups of a sort, naked with a bathrobe flung beside her on the carved marble tiles. Her hair was a mess. The young bastard Guy lay beneath her.

I thought for a moment I should have called first, before I turned up unexpected. That would have been polite. From the look on her face she probably agreed, as she disengaged herself from Guy and stood gracelessly, with her body behind the robe clutched to her heart. She did not look so good to me anymore. Guy gave a plucky giggle, and he began to rise from the floor with a disgusting lack of embarrassment.

“Monsieur Soi-disant!” Guy laughed.

“I can explain,” Viagara said.

I didn’t give her a chance, my luggage hit the floor, camera case and all, and I launched myself forward. I lunged at Guy and swung a punch at him. It connected. He did not like it, but he did not fall down. Then he wiped a smear of blood across his mouth and I swung again. Viagara screamed. Next thing I knew, she cradled my head in her lap. I must have been knocked out long enough for Guy to escape. Just as well. I could have killed him, from sheer jealousy. That was unnecessary now, he was gone.

Next day so was she. Gossip columns speculated about our break-up. I only knew this from the incessant enquiries from so-called journalists. You could tell how up-market each rag was they worked for, by the whining pitch of their voices. The snobbish private school twang from either side of the Atlantic was common; but the exaggerated multilingual panache of European swearing-ladies was equally snotty – women with manly voices and vice versa, I was familiar with many, and surprised myself with our first-name familiarity. I teased their curiosity with tit-bits of waggish self-deprecation, not realising I was as hungry for sympathy as they were for gossip. It was fair trade. I should have left the phone off the hook, but I wanted the attention by now. I became hooked on it. I prayed Viagara would call me for an interview. I dreamed of her interviewing me with her body and all the charms she possessed. In one dream, she bathed me in a golden shower of rosewater, in another she danced for me as Salome and I presented her with Guy’s head on a golden platter. Wherefrom I obtained his head, thankfully I do not recall. But it was a fantasy. She never called.

I did not hear from her in two years. Our absence lasted a much longer than anyone’s concern about me. She vanished from my life. The stress and misery of my heart’s loss destroyed my appetite and sleep; I destroyed my teeth with nocturnal grinding. In that time, the gossip glossies lost interest in me; this I noticed during long waits in orthodontic waiting rooms, country after country, as I squandered my former professional popularity - dashing from one city to another, hoping to accidentally cross Viagara’s path, wherever I heard rumours of her recent whereabouts. I need have not tried. From my research in the gossip columns I was overjoyed to learn of her break-up with Guy.

My only regret was he did not cut his throat with grief, instead he was photographed with a string of young beauties, which I knew would hurt Viagara, and therefore pained me. She would have felt her age deeply I’m sure, and I hoped for her that she suffered no excessive angst from the effects of aging, compared to the prime flesh that Guy the carnal carnivore now feasted on. Obviously, Viagara suffered. I sensed her misery vicariously, as she wallowed in misery; she threw herself into affair after affair, with progressively bigger-moneyed, high-society ancients, or moustachioed gigolos on the make with nothing to offer but starry-eyed self-admiration.

I felt as sorry for her as I did for myself.

Then it happened as I always hoped it would, and as I always feared it would not; but my heart knew it was inevitable – I received a message from her. The little man at the hotel reception desk handed it to me. I was gruff, removing the small card from its envelope, thinking it a second reminder from the hotel about my outstanding bill, nothing that could not soon be settled. I was owed money from the press-photo agency. Not much, but enough to keep the fleas from biting.

Then, when I read the message I felt like kissing the little man. I smiled and said, thank you. He looked back at me with unnecessary distrust, perhaps I had been crusty at times, but I’m sure the hotel had worse guests. (I could name several well-known identities in that category.)

I rushed up to my room and called the hand-written number on the card. A woman answered curtly. I gave my name and asked for Sabrina. I waited. Eventually I heard the sweetest sound in the World, the voice of my beloved Viagara. That’s all I needed to hear, her voice, I heard the words she spoke before she said them, I heard them in the bones of my heart before they left her lips. I heard them many a time over the years, but never more sweetly than now.

“I need you.”

Her voice was a whisper that defied the laws of nature, as though I could feel her breath on my ear, over the phoneline. My hands trembled, my head span and my heart replied.

“I know.”

There was a pause. I felt our two souls brush away the time lost between us; as the dust of all that had transpired, since I last looked up at her face years before, when I lay bruised and battered in her lap in that Rome hotel after Guy bashed me. I relished the prospect of renewing our intimacies, though I knew from recent magazine photos her lissom elegance was a thing of the past. When she ceased coughing, her voice returned a fraction weaker, but more beautiful than ever.

“Oh God, I need you. I have no one else…”

“Don’t worry, Baby. I’m here for you. I’m always here for you. I’ve always been here for you. You know that.”

And I knew she knew that. That’s why she called me. My spirit soared, singing merrily on its way to her side, without yet knowing where she was, just to know now she needed me. Happiness had returned. I quickly reached for a pen to scribble on the back of the message from reception, joyously preparing to ask where she was, straining to hear her voice.

“I need you,” she wept.

And when she stopped crying, she coughed, “I’m dying.”




THE BIMBO


I arrived at the apartment early. My plan was to impress Cousin Yu En Sam with my punctuality. I thought he called to talk about a job. He drew me into the swish penthouse. I noticed he wore rubber gloves, the mood-lighting was dim but my eyes seized on the handgun pressed against his thigh. I tried to act normal. As the door clacked shut behind me, I saw through the adjacent doorway, in a side-room the bundle of a rug rolled on the centre of the floor. I took a heavy breath. Shoes and ankles protruded from the rolled end of the rug.

It blew my mind. I had gone to see Cousin Sam about a job in one of the family companies. A year of dull marriage and idle-luxury made me restless. I had no business experience but I was ambitious. I was comfortable in the light-weight suit and silk tie I wore, my image of a man on the go. I felt at ease in a coat and tie now more than I ever did in T-shirt in my old life. For months I joined in conversations where I could, with my ears and eyes open and I let it be known I was on the look-out for a career.

My sister-in-law Bunny offered me a job in her bar with her brain-damaged husband Pepe, as assistant-scapegoat to her bad temper. That wasn’t what I meant.

I aspired to walk at the highest level among the suits, preferably with an empty briefcase. I estimated Sam’s older brother, Cousin Sun to be my best chance of a job offer. Cousin Sun handed me his card one evening at the family mansion. I rang Sun's office next day and left a message, waiting for him to return my call. Staff said he was absent. Within days I woke from my daily siesta to a call from his brother Cousin Sam, to arrange an out-of-hours meeting. It seemed strange timing, 2 AM, but he was busy and it flattered me to be treated special.

An added compliment was he told me to park my Pantera in the basement instead of the street. I hated the car, the first time I drove the thing it almost killed me.  But Sam insisted definitely don’t take a family car and driver. Confidentiality was of the utmost, he said. And I should say nothing to my wife. It meant I had to wait till Mitzi was snoring, and sneak out in the darkness like an adulterer dressed in my best suit, but I followed Sam’s instructions, because he said he had an undercover job for me as his “right hand man”. Cousin Sam had a job for me alright.

When I arrived he said, “We have to get rid of this.”

He jerked his thumb toward the body rolled in the rug.

“Who is it?”

“Don’t waste time talking,” he said. “Help me here.”

We sheathed the rug-wrapped corpse in a plastic packing sack. It was a surprisingly perfect fit. I had to do the hard work. Cousin Sam gave crisp executive commands. I worried what I was getting mixed up in. I thought of Cousin Sun’s recent disappearance. I eyed the gun. I decided to tell Sam I was going home. I hoped walking out on him would not ruin my job prospects. More so, I hoped he didn’t shoot me.

“Hold this,” Sam said, handing me the weighty pistol.

I worried about my fingerprints. When he finished knotting the sack-cord and took back the gun I was glad to have the weapon out of my sweaty hand. Struggling backward with the front end of the heavy package through the apartment to the service doorway, I almost knocked Sam’s ornately-framed Family Tree from the wall. We lugged the body downstairs to the back of my car. It was a long package. Whoever it contained was taller than me, and he sagged in the middle and dragged on the floor. As we left the lift, the package took a pounding from the automatic doors trying to slam closed. I protested I did not want to get involved.

Sam gathered a shovel and a mattock and he insisted I accompany him. I drove the beastly Pantera far from the city, keeping it under the speed limit and on the road with equal difficulty. I didn’t want a cop pulling me over with a corpse in the car, though looking back it may have been best if that happened. Sam’s silence and agitated manner kept me worried all the way.

“What happened? Who is it?”

He ignored every question. The only time he spoke was to tell me what to do.

“Drive faster. Shut up with the questions. Turn up that dirt road ahead.”

From time to time I felt him staring at me. I worried he would kill me next. The two slits in his chubby colourless cheeks searched the spooky darkness far from the road. We were there. It was time for a few answers.

“Shut up and dig,” Cousin Sam said.

Every snap of a creaking palm frond in the darkness startled me as a gunshot. My back was breaking, my hands blistered and the muscles in my arms screamed. I sank in mud and clay to my knees. I took care to not dig the grave big enough for two.

With every breath and grunt, and with every clump of clay, I silently lamented. So this is where my life of luxury had led me, up to my knees on the end of a pick and shovel, a gravedigger in handmade shoes. It didn’t make sense.  My wife’s cousins were filthy rich. The entire Yu En family was. According to her their main business was underwriters and financiers. Still don’t ask me what that is. Sam was a pudgy, short man, not bigger than me, but I was terrified of him that night, as I buried the corpse in the deserted forest. Cousin Sam was a cardboard cut-out businessman and a respected pillar of society, but that night he looked like nothing more than a cheap murderer with a gun in a rubber-gloved hand.

*

Afterwards I worried on the drive home that Mitzi would not believe me. It was ludicrous to say I was sleepless and I went for a drive in the countryside. That was the weak excuse Sam insisted I use. I knew she would not believe it. She knew I hated the car. Sam said she will tell herself she believes me even if she doesn’t, he knows her too well, and if “Cousin Mitzi” gave me any trouble he would sort it out. He said he knows Mitzi better than anyone. She was asleep when I slipped out that night. And she was asleep when I returned. Sam was not surprised to hear it, and he was pleased with my performance helping him with his ‘little problem’.

I was glad it was over, and relieved I did not have to lie to Mitzi. She trusted me.

Sam questioned me about my relationship with his brother Sun, and how close was I to their cousin Bunny. He was pleased with my answers and he planned to next put me to work on his uncle, Papa, the family’s deputy patriarch - my father-in-law.

“Bury Papa?” I gasped.

Sam chuckled no, no, no. I was to become my wife’s father’s Minder. I was disappointed. I insisted I wanted a real 9 to 5 job in the family corporate empire... not babysitting the old guy.

“This is a real job,” Sam said. “You are my protégé, my right hand man. You say you want an opportunity. Many ambitious executives would give an arm for a chance this deep inside our operation.”

I still didn’t feel right. Though uneasy, I promised Sam I would not breathe a word to my wife about the undercover element in my new role. Sam admonished me, for suggesting Mitzi would keep her mouth shut. He said if I couldn’t keep my mouth shut, why should she? He was right. It was harmless corporate intelligence work, really, and in the corporate world nothing is more sacrosanct than confidentiality, Sam said, and that applies in the bedroom as much as the boardroom. I was eager to learn all I could.

When I commenced my role as Papa’s Companion, Papa said, “I gave you this job on Sam’s recommendation.”

He moved his mouth close to my ear and whispered, “Bunny is against it, Kitty is against it, and Mitzi is against it. But Mr Wu Wei informs me that my venerable father insists. Sam told me of your work. I know you can be trusted. Do you believe in ghosts?”

“No.”

With a pitying sneer Papa said, “You will.”

I have no idea what Cousin Sam said about me to Papa. Sam coached me to spy on Papa and his eldest daughter Bunny. I am not surprised Bunny was suspicious. She watched her father closer than I did. I overheard her warn Papa to be wary of me, and he chuckled with a swish of his priest-gown sleeve toward me, “Oh that Bimbo, he’s faithful as a kitten. Sam says he’s totally harmless.”

On my second day Papa told me, “Don’t be alarmed if you cannot see me. I sometimes turn invisible. It’s not something I can control. It’s a darn nuisance actually. The best thing is I have not been bitten by a mosquito in years. Get the Glock.”

To take his mind off the Glock, I said I believed some of what he said. The fact is mosquitoes don’t bite. I told him that is something I learned from watching TV. He gave a petulant shrug and warned me of the danger of science. It gives people ideas, he said. He didn’t like the idea of people getting ideas. He said science was a conspiracy to defraud the Gods.

Papa also believed his mad father, the family’s 70 year-old patriarch, possessed a magic silk kimono. That’s why the old geezer didn’t die. When I became Papa’s minder, Papa plotted with me how to steal Grandfather Gho’s robe. I never tried. The threadbare magic kimono was too well protected by servants who knew its value. Papa began to believe my failure was a sign of the kimono’s power. Papa wanted it more than ever, whenever it entered his mind. But he was simple to distract.

Harmless as a kitten, I reported to Sam how Bunny upset Papa after family meetings, badgering him on the need to show leadership.

“You know they tell me nothing,” Papa protested. “I keep turning invisible, that’s the problem. My voice too… I can’t control it.”

There was much for me to report to Sam. Lucky I developed a good memory during my childhood and adult years, struggling as an outsider in the world of written words. I sat always nearby, flicking through a magazine with eyes only for the pictures and pretty lettering, with my ears peeled, and I remembered almost verbatim Papa’s agreement with Bunny, especially in regard to family fortunes which were like a ship and he would be captain when Grandfather Gho died. Papa said he had confidence in the ship, if not the courage and capabilities of the crew. I was amazed how Bunny brainwashed her father. She criticised Cousin Sam mercilessly. I heard her tell Papa many times to distrust me. I didn’t take it personally. To my face she was always sternly polite, while behind our backs Bunny white-anted us all. She spoke derisively of the three sisters’ husbands alike. She said she could give her husband Pepe the benefit of the doubt. Since an old car crash he was a half-wit, and then after getting blown up in Cousin Shi’s boat accident Pepe was worse. But the rest of us had no excuse. Bunny ignored me lurking in earshot. I pretended to read a magazine behind her back, as she whispered in Papa’s ear. She told Papa that Han was up to no good with Cousin Sam. Papa said those shifty types could not be trusted.  He spied me watching and he scowled. I casually returned my eyes to the magazine, watching with my ears. Bunny said Han was only interested in Kitty’s money.

“That’s what they’re after… and not just hers…”

“I should have the scoundrel whipped before this day is over,” Papa growled.

Then he went off to meditate. Baby-sitting Papa was a dumb job, any idiot could have done it. It was not well-paid work, but the money Sam paid me to spy was more than I knew what to do with. I already didn’t need money at all.

It was not money that motivated me, rather the sense of purpose. I enjoyed being useful, even without knowing what the purpose was. Sam often said how much he relied on my reports. He said my intelligence was crucial. How I did not imagine. Most of it was paltry gossip. Sam said my information about Papa and Bunny showed they were still in the dark. I grabbed one of the drivers, usually Choy, to chauffeur me downtown once or twice a week to report to Sam’s apartment. Sam’s wife was never there. He said women have no place in business. He giggled when I agreed. Our meetings went well. He was always happy to see me. I could tell by the swell of his cheeks and increased squint. Not only was I his right hand man and protégé, I thought he was lonely and he adopted me as a friend. The feeling was mutual. I began to see him not as a boss, not even a cousin-in-law, more a mentor.

Cousin Sam educated me with frequent business tips and snippets of wisdom. In one of our lighter moments, he was just returned from the sauna, he shared some advice Grandfather Gho had given him as a young man: The blunter the axe, the stronger the blow necessary to sever a chicken’s head.

Though true, to me it was simply an example of old Gho’s nut-case raving. I dared not say so. The seriousness on Sam’s face made me think again. I had done a little chicken-lopping in my previous life.

I said, “The thing beheading poultry is to distract them. Otherwise they see the axe coming and jump around to get away. You’re liable to chop your own hand.”

I think I could have knocked Sam down with a feather. His eyes widened so I could almost see them, his pencil-thin brows arched and he exhaled from puckered thin lips.

He shook his head and gasped, “Fan-tastic!”

I impressed him, and we had many moments the same. No one else seemed to like him much. I could see why. He was kind of creepy. I looked beyond that. He gave me a cell-phone to be our hotline, for use only when absolutely necessary, at no other time, not for any reason.

“When would it be necessary?” I asked.

“I’ll tell you when,” Sam said.

On the drive back to Mitzi awaiting me in our wing in the mansion, as I fondled the hotline in my pocket, young driver Choy removed the cap of his military-style uniform and he ran his fingers through his stiff black hair. He was agitated.

He said, “If you don’t want people to know where you go, you really shouldn’t use a driver.”

I thought firstly, what a strange thing to say, and why would I want to keep secret where I go - unless perhaps from Papa and Bunny. If I didn’t like Choy I would have told him to mind his business.  But I liked him, I don’t know why. Maybe because unlike the other drivers he was not a stony-faced reverse-snob; the veil of difference between yellow and white did not come between us, like Cousin Sam he spoke to me as an equal.

*

Every time I visited Sam’s apartment, I glanced in the side room and I wondered, who was the dead body in the rug? And what had become of the murder weapon with my fingerprints? And what was my precise involvement legally speaking, in what occurred?  I got nervy listening to recent conjecture among relatives about Cousin Sun’s disappearance. I suspected the body in the rug may be he. Sun and Sam were brothers, but I had seen enough of the Yu En family to think anything was possible. I hoped I was wrong. When I hinted at my concerns, Cousin Sam ignored them. Sam said he would ensure I was protected, no matter what. He stared into my eyes from close range with his hand on my shoulder when he said it. Protected from what? He did not reply. It gave me mixed feelings. Sam’s torso jiggled with amusement when I asked the question. His face remained passively eyeless, with a narrow slit of a grin. He advised me to forget the past, look ahead to my promising career and corporate future. He was sure he would find a suitable position for me… a launching pad, he called it.

I had come a long way from when I met Cousin Sam for the first time at my wedding to Mitzi. I had seen Sam and his brother Sun at family affairs before that. They acknowledged my existence only when I married Mitzi.

At my wedding, Cousin Yu En Sun struck me as a tall, slender, grey epitome of oriental inscrutability, with narrow eyes behind thick, black-framed spectacles. He shook my hand as one might shake rain from an umbrella. The shorter one Cousin Sam originally made no impression on me at all, among a hundred who looked the same and shook my hand and patted my shoulder that night. Like many of their high-flying kind, both cousins had a hollow aura about them, as though their greatest pleasure was to crunch numbers in a bowl of milk for breakfast. Almost shadows of each other, they were stereotype “suits”, clean and smooth, not a hair out of place, with similar squinted eyes and a horizontal slot of a mouth that stretched sideways to smile, without turning up at the corners like normal people.

I aspired to be the same. Now I knew him better, it was hard to picture Sam as a killer. He was part of the family’s boring side. The whole family was rich as shit in all directions. They had cousins all over the planet. Money came from a bottomless well. The outside world was a toy box to them. There seemed plenty for all.

The Yu En name and money meant nothing to me at first. I thought I was merely chasing some spastic rich Asian dame called Mitzi. Good luck to me for a change. What she saw in me I didn’t know. She told me her Chinese name but it didn’t thrill me. To me she was a bit of fun. She could pay her own tab. And better still, she paid mine too.

I picked her as a little needy and desperate. I was excited to catch her, like a miner finding gold. She flung a few grand my way to help get me out of trouble with my former wife’s family. It was small-change to her. I told Mitzi they were crooks. It wasn’t a lie. The only lie I told her was I had been divorced.

Mitzi dragged me through uptown like it was a toy box. I was her dress-up doll. I came out with so many tailored clothes and handmade footwear I had to keep them in the delivery boxes. She coaxed me through hairdressers, manicurists and a dentist. When I looked in the mirror I felt a million dollars. It was a race against time to enjoy it while it lasted. She waved plastic cards like magic wands. I thought she was a criminal mastermind and any minute we’d be busted by the fraud squad. I was riding on a skyrocket to I knew not where. I didn’t care. It was a nice ride. So was she. Sometimes I felt I was in the company of a talking windmill – with her puppet-like gesticulations and madcap laughter turning heads everywhere we went, so what, we had fun and she was rich.

Rich? Sucker me, I didn’t know what rich was. I was soon absorbed into Yu En madness before I knew it. From the moment I visited the family estate I entered a different world.

It feels more I got swallowed whole. I did not believe my eyes when I first saw the Patriarch at an ancestor-worshipping ceremony in the temple. Before that I only heard of almighty Grandfather Gho. He was installed on an elevated throne constructed as summit of the dragon-spangled altar. His bald head and scrawny body had a synthetic, waxy finish under moody lighting. Eerie recorded erhu music played. He wore a fancy-dress toga I thought. I later learned the toga was his greasy, ragged pyjama. He posed stiff as a sculpture, an imposing, mange-scoured shrunken monkey God. To see the figure of Gho move unnerved me. He raised and pointed a wavering finger over our heads.

His creaky voice solemnly intoned, “Dead laughter rots in the valley of the graveyard…”

It was an outrageous spectacle. The ancestors would be pleased. The old guy’s wet grey lips drooped open among his words, panting like a hound.

“Listen to Mr Wu Wei. Everything you hear is a lie. Trust no one. Do not become involved in things you do not know about…”

The rantings of a crazy old fool. I did not realise at the time it was such good advice. He lowered his gaze and glared in Papa’s direction. He hissed.

“Dead laughter…”

Papa the deputy-patriarch in priestly garb stood on a step to the side with head bowed, his hands clasped. Papa was clearly superior to all except the partially-clad grandfather on the throne. My sisters-in-law, Bunny and Kitty flanked Cousins Sun and Sam centre-stage. Behind that lot was Mitzi and me, with Mama off in fairyland as usual, dressed like an Imperial concubine. We stood in a clump with the sisters’ husbands, Han and Pepe, and the Cousins’ placid wives in western-dress. Hangers-on and extended family ranked behind us. Membership of the inner circle at Yu En family events was an honour. Servants deferred to me, and I felt I belonged.

After the proceedings we feasted in the mansion. I remember speaking to Cousin Sun as he left after dinner, about my eagerness for a career in the corporate structure. The room behind us was alive with cross-table argument. Without a word Cousin Sun handed me his card and walked off. I think he may have smiled but I’m not sure.

Next thing, several days after that last time I saw Cousin Sun, his wife was asking questions and no one knew where on earth Sun had got to.

*

I commented to Mitzi before we married, about the strange family temple and surrounding gardens stretched miles all around. It must have cost a packet, I said. Mitzi said everything costs a packet. To talk about money was unseemly. On the other hand she did not mind complaining about the small fortune Gho and Papa wasted on the temple, when many people in the world go starving every day. I was impressed that such a rich kid could have sympathy for those less fortunate. It made me feel ashamed I was much more selfish than that.

I changed the subject back to how imposing the bright, multi-roofed prayer-house was that dominated the artificial hilltop with wide stone steps leading up to it, better than many churches I had seen. A winding avenue of white marble gravel set the tone, sweeping through the grounds from the guard-house and gates, past the mansion and directly to the base of the hill where the temple stood with a man-sized granite sculpture of a lucky toad dominating the garden opposite a pond and a gentle fountain. All that ostentation impressed me. But what fascinated me was the obsessive, hateful argumentation of the family. Gatherings of the Yu En clan soon led to wartime in the monkey house. Family meetings were shouting matches.

We all know what you did. You’re the one. You and your sneaky…. don’t try your Machiavellian nonsense on me… you’ve never been satisfied with a fair share… I never said that… no, but that’s what you meant… Don’t try and kid me…

It could go for hours interlaced with Chinese babble, on and on, the hubbub subsided only when the elderly Family Auditor, Mr Wu Wei appeared. The shrivelled scrooge-like presence of Wu Wei was announced like royalty by the doorman. More a warning it felt to me. The ruckus died immediately at the sound of Mr Wu Wei’s name. No one squabbled in the presence of that miserable old wretch dressed in black. It would be to no purpose. Grim-faced Wu Wei did not entertain frivolity. He promptly retired to consult with Grandfather Gho. He would return and solemnly advise the meeting of Grandfather Gho’s decisions, which all present assented to meekly. As Auditor Wu Wei departed, he must have heard the outbreak of hostilities behind him. Vitriol flew anew…

So that’s just what you planned you… ha, now you see what your opinion is worth… don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to… and so on.

I never gave a damn. If they knew how strange their behaviour looked, they did not care. I became accustomed to it. They hated each other. Something was going on. I just couldn’t read the signs. When I politely questioned Mitzi about the family backbiting she dismissed my curiosity as nosy.

“A family without problems isn’t much of a family at all,” she said.

Problems! She made me laugh. Not just as she spoke, contorting her face to form her words. Also things she said were often funny. There was no denying, her speaking disorder was extreme, often eye-popping, accompanied by a disarray of gesticulations over which her control was limited. The condition was the lasting effect of a disease she suffered as a child. She suffered still. It was a hardship for both of us. I paid patient attention. Eventually she would get clear what she was trying to say.

The problem exasperated her. She thought she looked ugly. She looked fine, I said. I ignored her erratic expressions and gestures. They grew normal to me after a while, just as one’s eyes adjust to glaring light. I told her she was the cutest damn little thing I ever saw in my life, and I sang her a few lines of the pop song, China Girl that everyone was mad about at the time…

Mitzi slapped my face softly in slow-motion and said, “Shut your mouth.”

Just like in the song. And she laughed and she said that’s what she loved about me. She told me the thing she most admired was my lack of sophistication. Like what? She said, for one thing…. my “financial illiteracy”. It was humiliating to hear that word.

“When we met you were a breath of fresh air,” she said, “You didn’t know the difference between thousands and millions. I liked that. You were so-o-o innocent. And even better, in the dark you reminded me of Jean Paul Belmondo too, when you smiled. I liked that. You are the only man who ever kissed me like he wasn’t doing me a favour. Some fools even expected money! And you just accepted me for what I am… even this.”

She went cross-eyed and indicated a demented grin exaggerated across her face. The realisation I was married to her made me queasy at times.

Mitzi was a nut-case, and her family was worse, starting with the smelly old Grandfather. Up close he was a scabby creature with black teeth, dribbling and spitting betel juice, wheezing as he breathed and occasionally lashing out with a warlike fan he carried everywhere. The deluded geriatric had seven grandchildren, two he’d lost in tragedies not long before I met him.

I attended both those funerals as a family hanger-on, head and shoulders over most of the crowd. Grandfather Gho did not appear at either funeral while I was there. I felt sorry for him at first, because of his bereavement. I supposed the old guy’s mind had been rattled by grief, and he was too distraught to attend. But he didn’t deserve pity. He was the ringleader of the madness.
From what I heard, the recently deceased Yu-En cousins, Shi and Ji, were as crazy as their surviving family. The highlight of both funerals was the brothers Sam and Sun turned up like a pair of eccentrics dressed in long, intricately embroidered, fancy costume with comical head-dress.

“Look,” I whispered to Mitzi, “Here come the Confucius Twins.”

She elbowed me and hissed Shush-sh-sh with an accidental spray of spittle. The funerals amazed me with mountains of flowers, random gongs and bells ringing in my ears, flocks  of well-heeled mourners jammed in nooks and crannies among the mosaic pillars, not an ordinary person in sight, and clouds of incense with every breath in the gaudy, dim-lit temple. I heard so many whispers Ji had everything to live for…  I felt like killing myself in sympathy. Stilettos clicked on tiles. Every sound boomed mellow in the echo of pseudo-ancient gloom. A few old birds in the background cackled incessantly in Chinese lingo.

Fourth Cousin Ji’s funeral was the first of the family funerals I attended. Young Ji shot himself dead through the roof of his mouth in Rome, and the body was frozen and flown back home.  Crowds of yellow faces stared at me, some with expressions like I was a celebrity, others like I was a freak. The novelty of my presence quickly wore off with my further appearances at family shows, always at Mitzi’s side. I asked her to marry me three times, and she didn’t say no. Neither did she say yes. She talked about practical difficulties. She wondered if I could fit in with her unusual family life, we were from entirely different worlds. I told her I had no other reason to live other than to be by her side. I was incomplete without her, I said. In her company even funerals were fun.

The second funeral was saddest, with a bunch of kids brought back from overseas boarding schools to bathe in family sorrow. Cousin Shi got blown up in an unexplainable boating accident before I had a chance to meet him, but from all reports Shi too was a clone of the cousins Sam and Sun. I stood at Yu En Shi’s funeral with Mitzi beside me. Jammed against my other shoulder was Bunny’s husband, goofy Pepe with a bandage on his head and shaky hands after his involvement in the boat accident that killed Shi. He seemed paranoid every time the boat or Shi was mentioned. Reportedly he was blown clear by the explosion, and he swam to a following boat and miraculously survived.

The deaths of her two cousins worried Mitzi understandably. She talked about how short life was. It was an angle I worked on. My charming manoeuvres took hold on her. I talked Mitzi into marriage, and we got hitched in the biggest wedding I ever went to, and the loneliest. I didn’t have to lift a finger or put my hand in my pocket. I felt like Yoko Ono must have when she married John Lennon, except in reverse. I remember being impressed with the gold lettering on white cards and the stacks of gourmet cuisine that lay trampled under petite diamond-studded footwear. Champagne corks popped and fireworks went off, as I swam through a sea of yellow faces from the barren island of my past to the glorious mainland of my future. I pretended to read messages of blessing when people poked them under my nose, from well-wishers I never heard of. I faked being impressed with a glance at a menu. I never stuffed my face with such a luxurious feast, and it didn’t cost me a penny. Not everyone was happy. Mitzi told me her sisters Kitty and Bunny were against our union. I could see that when Bunny congratulated me after the service. I thought she was about to throw up from the look on her face. And so too was Papa against it. Apparently they called me a money-grubbing nobody. Mitzi said her crazy old mother was the only one to support our matrimony. I’ve often wondered about that. In all the time I knew her, I never saw mad old Mama in lucid enough state of mind to form a relevant opinion about anything.

*

In my multi-purpose role as Papa’s minder and Sam’s spy, I was not insulted by Bunny’s unfriendliness. I took it professionally. She was hostile to most everybody. I heard it in family meetings and listening to her nag Papa. She was morbidly obsessed against Cousin Sam, who she said was ruthless and a conniving so-and-so and could not be trusted. Cousin Sam never wearied of me reporting her negative comments. Even so, I told him Papa said Sam and Sun were like sons.

“Yes,” Sam said, “But naturally Papa favours his daughters.”

Sam mixed us fresh drinks, and he said, “An apple does not fall from a pear tree. Nor does an apple roll far from the apple tree when it falls. That is the nature of families.”

That made sense. Now that Cousin Sun had ‘mysteriously disappeared’ I wondered, did that alter the balance of power in the family? The question in my mind came out of my mouth. Cousin Sam looked surprised, perhaps impressed with my precociousness. He handed me a drink with his left hand and he raised the other with a glass not quite to his mouth, before lowering it.

“You are a very inquisitive fellow,” he said, then with a thought he expanded, “It is fortuitous for us now, that Grandfather’s opinion counterbalances Cousin Bunny’s influence over Papa. But that may not last. That is where you are so useful, my friend. My undying indebtedness to you grows. Your work has been superlative to date. But more needs be done. We must ensure Papa is on the flight with the family to the Caymans. He cannot be allowed to remain here at the mercy of Grandfather Gho.”

“Leave everything to me,” I said confidently as I departed.

Pleasant thoughts of my prospects entertained my mind next afternoon. I followed Papa along the garden path, with my hand shielding my eyes from the low afternoon sunshine. I fantasised about my fortunate future in the family corporate. The bushes to my right burst alive. Grandfather Gho leapt out with a yell. It was a habit of his - the surprise attack! Maybe Cousin Sam was right, Papa would be safer away from the old devil. The first thing I saw was the stick swinging down, it descended and crowned Papa before any of us could react. Grandfather hollered at Papa, “You imposter! What have you done with my son?” He banged the stick onto Papa, now curled in submission on the path, with his hand raised to fend off the blow that followed.

“I yield… I yield,” Papa squealed.

I took a deep breath and leapt to help the servants subdue Grandfather. The skinny old weakling lost grip of his stick and his fan jolted from his grasp. He was harmless as a kitten without them. His greasy skin slipped in my grip like soap. Close to my face the scrawny old codger hissed and took my breath away. I fell back gasping as he scolded me.

“Keep out of family problems, Bimbo! Don’t become involved in things you don’t understand. It’s not him.”

I joked to Cousin Sam later about the fracas, exaggerating my role. Sam told me Grandfather Gho suspected Papa was behind Cousin Sun’s disappearance, and he wanted me to find out more of what Papa and Bunny were up to.

“Don’t trust either of them,” Sam said.

I queried why it was so important to get Papa on the flight to the Cayman wedding. Why bother to protect Papa from Grandfather Gho anyway, if Papa was on Bunny’s side against Sam?

Cousin Sam followed my logic and he said, “I am only trying to protect the welfare of the family, the whole family. Small business disagreements do not fray family ties.”

Sam told me Grandfather Gho was waiting for proof, and if I found it, the rewards would be boundless, for the whole family. Sam said with help of my intelligence, Grandfather Gho and Mr Wu Wei would listen to him more carefully.

“Proof of what?” I wondered aloud.

“Proof of anything,” Sam said.

I nodded soberly, with a dull but confident glow rising in me, as though intoxicated by the drink in the glass before it met my lips. I had faith everything would become clear after the Cayman wedding. Meanwhile my life of luxury continued and each day renewed my perfect dream come true.

Ever since I hooked Mitzi I didn’t need to open a can of beans or wash out a pair of underwear. Everything was taken care of. Nothing was further away than the snap of my fingers. My new life suited me marvellously the more I grew accustomed to the lavishness. I bought a De Tomaso Pantera because the name of the speedster appealed to me. My life was worth less than a set of its tyres prior to meeting Mitzi. I only drove the motorised missile twice. The first time it span out on the hairpin bend a few miles from the mansion. Fortunately, I was saved by a giant clump of bamboo that stopped me flying sideways over a steep ravine. I went back to using the chauffeured family cars. After the Pantera was returned from the repair shop, I left it to gather dust in the mansion basement, among the Bentleys and Jags. I swore to never drive the thing again.

Soon after that Sam had me use the Pantera to transport the body in the rug.

The waste of money on the Pantera mattered zilch. Whatever I wanted, Mitzi said just snap your fingers. With each new eye-opening amenity I marvelled at the change from my former humble lifestyle.

“Enjoy it,” Mitzi said, “If you can’t accept change, you can’t accept life.”

I took her advice. I lapped up luxury. Whether to languish in the sun or the shade? That was the biggest decision of my day. I marinated in expensive alcohol, snoozing on silk couches in the perfumed temple and down in the mansion, attending to Papa’s menial requests, always spying with my ears wide open. Every time I saw Papa with Bunny I turned on my mental tape recorder, and sat nearby pretending to read a newspaper or magazine, or I might pretend to doze.

Normally I would have been sympathetic to Bunny. She was quite an attractive woman if you did not know her. Mitzi told me Bunny was a former newsreader on the family TV network in her young days, but the trouble was newsreaders are supposed to read what’s put in front of them. Bunny was not that kind of girl. Also Bunny had medical problems which may have partly explained her bitterness to everyone. She hated us all, barring Grandfather Gho and the venerable Auditor, Wu Wei.

I heard Bunny brainwash Papa a thousand times. She demanded Papa go speak to Grandfather Gho and influence him. I laughed when I imagined the conversation between the old fools - with Papa accidentally turning invisible and Grandfather drifting in and out of reason’s reach, supervising invisible servants as he went. And as for Gho, any day he might be heard spouting Chinese like an Imperial poet, some other week he would creep round like a two-legged lizard trying to catch bugs in his mouth, in between he would storm about hurling orders left and right, taking care of unknown emergencies. At his best he was an ogrish oddball.

The tiny Grandfather had dementia but none of the family would admit it. They all did, to some degree. He lived in tyrannical splendour in the two-storey temple, the heart of the estate and inner-family life. He had the look of a shrivelled Buddha. His breath smelled like the Devil. He wore gold and silver emblems and medallions round his neck on a string that was grey in patches and the rest black with human grease. It would take a psychologist to know how anyone took him seriously. He somehow chewed betel with the sparse black teeth he had. He spat red mess and chunks of lime leaf when he coughed or sneezed, staining walls and windows and all else round the place. He puffed on cigars and had a doctor deliver daily injections of the Kennedy-cure, which was some concoction JFK was once on, Mitzi told me.

Grandfather Gho seemed a harmless, frail despot. More dangerous was Papa with his guns. Papa appointed me his gun steward.  He had an arsenal in a secret compartment built into the altar. His weapon of choice was the Glock.

My intimate access to Papa gave me contact with the old Grandfather more often than I cared for. I became familiar with the grubby rags the grandfather wore, always the same. He swore they absorbed death rays. Whenever I was close to him my stomach was soured by the sickly sweet smell of the old nut’s stained pyjamas. A centuries old cloak he often wore was a wrangle of faded embroideries of frayed silk threads. It once belonged to a priest who lived 110 years. It smelled like dust from under a wardrobe in a cheap hotel. Grandfather bragged the miraculous garments explained his longevity. He also carried other magic - the finely-carved bamboo fan, equal in length to his forearm. From time to time he lashed out with the bamboo fan at Papa, or even me when close enough.

I was only half-surprised when Mitzi told me a secret family scandal. The frail despot was a homicidal maniac. Years ago her insane Grandfather killed his wife, Mitzi’s Grandmother, with a blow of his stick across her head. It busted open her skull.

“He didn’t mean it,” Mitzi said with her usual awkward gawking. “He didn’t intend to hurt her; he was in a bad temper, that’s all. Thanks to our friendly police, the official verdict was Grandma fell down the stairs.”

Like the dangerous fan, the wife-slaying walking-stick never left Grandfather’s side. When servants found him wandering naked in the Garden, Grandfather Gho still always carried his stick with him, and his fan. Occasionally one or two servants were ferried to hospital with serious injuries suffered from trying to redress him.

*

Preparations were in progress for the entire family to attend a wedding somewhere in the Yu En clan overseas. I never heard of the Cayman Islands, but that’s where we were flying soon. Cousin Sam said it would be my last job as minder, if everything went smoothly. It is a wonder my face did not rip in half I smiled so hard. I had to make sure Papa was on the plane on time.

Sam mentioned future plans for me. My hungry eye for advancement swelled. My faithful service, paying my dues as Cousin Sam’s right hand man looked ready to pay off. My job as Papa’s minder gave me insight into how the family monolith was organised. I observed that family fortunes were barely controlled by Grandfather Gho. The main family companies were headed by Cousin Sam who outnumbered the three sisters by calling on the ghosts of absent brothers in family meetings. That set off Bunny like dynamite. Papa had no discernible power other than his status as deputy-patriarch, and his vote. Sam and Bunny vied for his support.

When we were alone Papa told me he trusted none of them. He said he played Bunny and Sam off against each other.

But none of the arguments and manipulation meant a thing until the Auditor arrived. Why they bothered squabbling I don’t know. In practical terms they all answered to the power resting in the hands of Mr Wu Wei. There was something about the old Auditor that gave me heebie-jeebies. His eyes would have seemed cruel and mocking if he smiled. His face showed nothing but superiority. Wu Wei operated as Grandfather’s arms and legs, and sometimes his head, I’m sure.

It was difficult to tell from the pantomime if the Auditor was acting as Grandfather Gho’s puppet or the other way round.  In my boring work hours waiting for Papa to awake from a nap, or while he entertained himself, I thought of that, and many things. I worried about the body rolled in Sam’s rug, now buried in the earth many miles deep in the forest, and my fingerprints on what was probably a murder weapon. In a pensive lull I might momentarily study the family tree, without a clue. A framed copy of the parchment-like document was displayed prominently on the wall of the temple, as in other family properties, with a string of gold-leaf Chinese characters down the narrow margins.

To kill time in the mansion, Mitzi occasionally talked me through the record of births, deaths and marriages covering centuries, with odd names of Russian, Japanese, Dutch, Indonesian and German blood mixed with Chinese. According to Mitzi here and there too was the name of a princess. It amused me. The Tree was inked artistically on ancient parchment, but Mitzi pointed out her name, so it was a recent antique. She told me tales of a few old time Generals, and of several wars that swelled family fortunes.

“Winners are grinners!” I chuckled.

Mitzi said, “It’s hard to not win when you have money on both sides.”

She made me think of the family feuding. I asked Mitzi which side she had her money on, Cousin Sam or her sister Bunny.

“Mr Wu Wei,” she said absent-mindedly, as she turned to me and asked, “How come you can’t read this. Most of it’s in English. You speak English, don’t you?”

I had to think fast and I blushed. That made her face soften. It softened more as I told her I had a vision problem.

“I hate wearing spectacles and I’m allergic to contact lenses. That’s why I don’t drive much.”

She said, “But you read magazines all the time when you’re with Papa. Bunny complains about it.”

“That’s only when I’m bored.”

I told her I just look at the big pictures to kill time. She hugged my shoulders and kissed my face.

Mitzi said, “If ever you start wearing spectacles - give me your promise you will take them off when you look at me.”

She never mentioned it again, and my secret was safe.

Despite the historical pretensions of the family, and the eclectic oriental rituals they observed, the cousins and sisters had been raised as Europeans in boarding schools in the English-speaking world. The family was moving with the times. Branches of family stretched across several countries. Many attended my wedding. Of the Yu En family I knew closely, only Grandfather Gho spoke more than a few phrases of Chinese. The Chinese servants laughed when others spouted in Cantonese or Mandarin, or whatever was the go.

As kids, the three sisters and the four cousins spent most of their lives growing up in the States, as did now their children in turn, with the younger generation all away at the most expensive boarding schools on sale. The family hitched their wagon to Western culture with new ropes, letting rot their old ties to the East. They absorbed the best of neither world. Nothing represented that to me more than my recollection of the Ghandi-like figure of Gho scampering across the lawns, with Papa blasting off shots with his Glock behind him.

*

The two patriarchs ran amok, while crazy old Mama dozed in semi-comatose reverie. And the next generation of family nutcases plotted against each other like KGB and CIA. But Mitzi was sidelined as the family freak, on account of the childhood illness that left her half-spastic with her co-ordination awry. She certainly encouraged them to sideline her from the family quarrels. They left her alone. She was no one’s rival. Her misshapen facial gestures were superficial, but it was an excuse among others to ignore her.

Though she was my wife I found her worth listening to. I should have listened to her more. She was the only one of the whole family who made sense. She didn’t join the slanging match. I was surprised how much sense she made, despite her trouble saying some words. But that was interesting too, trying to figure what she meant sometimes. Her family gossip I found engrossing. I could have made a fortune blackmailing them with the dirt I got from Mitzi. For instance, on the Family Tree there were no female-children for three hundred years, not until Papa’s three daughters were born. That’s because in the old tradition the girl children were executed at birth for bad luck. She also told me of her mother’s secret: when she was young and beautiful Mama gave birth to twin sons, but Papa had them both killed at birth, because Papa suspected at least one was sired by another man and he could not tell by sight which one..

Grandfather Gho was the suspect, although Mama denied it. Mitzi said her Mama told her all her secrets. Grandfather was the true father of the boys, and also the real father of Bunny. Mitzi swore me to secrecy because Bunny did not know the truth. I toyed with the idea of telling Cousin Sam, but I wasn’t sure how far I could trust him with such explosive intelligence.

Mitzi gave me a catalogue of scandal and shame that Mama had told her. I thought obviously that was long ago.

“You mean before she went loopy?” I said.

“Mama is not loopy,” Mitzi stretched her neck indignantly, “She’s just in-a-minute.”

Then Bang!

And Bang, a second shot followed, out in the dark gardens, from the temple direction. Mitzi and I both jumped out of our skin, and we fell back in again with a laugh. You grow offhand about gunshots in the night when you live with a mad gun lover in the family. We returned to our conversation. What did she mean Mama was in-a-minute? We soon solved the mystery, Mitzi meant intermittent. Nothing was any clearer. But the point was Mitzi believed her mother was sometimes rational. I kept an open mind because I’d begun to trust Mitzi’s judgement.

She warned me don’t get mixed up with Sam, he’s no good, he’s spoiled and ruthless. Even his brothers did not trust the guy. But she forgave me when I did. And don’t get mixed up with Bunny, she said, you see how she treats people. But Kitty was the one Mitzi warned me about most of all. Kitty modelled herself on Jackie Onassis. She was partly-educated in Paris due to her interest in fashion; while my Mitzi for instance attended a special school in New Zealand, which is where we met when I was on the run from my former wife’s family, a bunch of double-crossing dope dealers with no sense of humour.

I lost interest in my former life when I met Mitzi. I was interested in hearing about her family before I met them. They sounded like royalty. Mitzi’s parents, Papa and Mama were the final survivors of their generation. Yu En ancestors had been on winning sides in many wars, and sided with the White Merchants during the Boxer rebellion. One old guy was executed by the Communists, but he was on the Cousins’ branch of the tree. The parents of the four rich cousins were long dead before I married Mitzi. The Cousins’ mother was the sister of the richest Communist in China at the time, and the Cousins’ father was Papa’s brother. Papa’s brother was the craziest man of all Mitzi said.

“Worse than Grandfather Gho?” I asked.

In some ways, she said. The old Uncle collected tattoos. He saved the tattoos on preserved scraps of human flesh. His collection was bound in human-leather covers. It was now kept as a family treasure under glass in the temple. The mad uncle also maintained a collection of live humans, which Mitzi soon clammed up about, though I tried to find out more. She said I showed excessive interest.

She told me how her Grandfather and Papa began dressing like monks in their spare time years ago. Their fervour gradually deepened to what it is, Mitzi said, first with the bulldozers and the artificial hillside then a temple was erected and encrusted with sacred images, multi-coloured paintwork in scrolls and figures carved on columns and walls and ceilings, and the constant clouds of incense, and finally the installation of the lucky toad sculpture and the fountain. Mitzi was an atheist, and a confirmed hater of all religions. She said any God that inflicted poliomyelitis on an innocent child was a Devil. She sneered at the family temple’s religious pretensions. She dubbed them as traditional as a Christmas tree, a smorgasbord of Asian voodoo. She made me laugh the way she did a wild scary face with the word voodoo.

Several attendants and gardeners quietly maintained order round the smorgasbord of Asian voodoo, which lent an over-all illusion of worship and repose, but the temple was a gaudy, glorified madhouse. Apart from coming together to honour Grandfather Gho, or to praise mysterious ancestors, mainly corrupt warlords and war criminals, the only reason for the family to attend the temple was to squabble. The trouble appeared to stem from Grandfather Gho play-acting as God, and like all Gods letting his grandchildren go to war against each other.

The rest of the family were as nutty as the old man, in different ways. The only genuinely religious one was Mama. She lived so deep in the land of scriptures I think she became one. I watched her for any sign of rationality, such as Mitzi spoke of. I saw nothing.

Mama required a guide to go anywhere. Otherwise she just stood and looked at what was in front of her, sometimes for hours without losing interest at a spot on the path at her feet. On rare occasions I thought I glimpsed a sparkle of consciousness in her, and I passed a politeness to her; she either giggled with her eyes a-flutter or buried her face in her hands sobbing, or she ignored me.

Papa had a broader range of interests, the servant girls, the magical robe, and his guns. As his minder, he would order me to get him The Glock. If I failed to comply promptly he would threaten to have me whipped. I followed his directions always with trepidation. He would occasionally fire a round or two in the dead of night.

If anyone complained to Grandfather about the gunshots, the old fellow grumbled, “Eh? Eh? You’re all mad. I didn’t hear a thing.…”

Then there was a fuss because there was still no news of Cousin Sun. His wife ran around asking questions. She was distraught, but Sam said she was always like that. Han laughed. He said rich playboy Sun must have met a new girlfriend. Sun had a habit of disappearing without word for days and weeks at a time. Kitty said people should check the forest behind the temple grounds, Sun might have been accidentally shot by Papa. I didn’t think the joke was funny.

Eventually Cousin Sam began to show concern about his missing brother. I noticed in Sam a distinct lack of sincerity. He said Bunny was up to something, he was sure about that. Han was a worry too, he talks too much. What had I heard? I’d heard nothing. Sam asked me to spend less time with Papa. Spend my spare time at Bunny’s Bar at the airport and keep my ears open, he said.

“Watch little Bunny like a hawk.”

*

I spent many hours at the airport bar, watching and listening. Bunny was often there. It was sadistic fun to watch her bully her husband, Pepe. She didn’t have to. He bullied himself. Poor guy was always trying to please her. I could have told him where he went wrong, he was taking himself seriously. No one else did.

Bunny and I had polite conversation, not much. I watched her as Sam suggested, like a hawk. She didn’t seem bugged. Maybe she adapted to my presence from hanging round Papa. Maybe she was flattered by my attention. It was a pleasant occupation. She was not a bad looking woman for her age if you didn’t have to listen to her. In public in the bar she was nice to everybody, though when they were gone she was shamelessly sarcastic. To be fair, often she was right. She was right about me and Sam. I began to see in her some complexity I did not before. She was not always making a fuss to get her own way, at times she was simply trying to stop someone else from getting theirs. I warmed to her, but I never missed a word.

Cousin Sam was uncharacteristically angry when I reported that Bunny was telling Kitty, “Now with his three brothers not here to back him up, Cousin Sam has no-one, unless your stupid husband keeps hanging round him. Things are turning our way at last.”

Sam gritted his teeth, and spoke in his usual thoughtful and measured manner, saying how Han talked too much and Kitty was not reliable; he then paused.

“I know you have not said anything to your wife about any of this. She would tell me if you did.”

Of course not, I reminded him of my good memory. Confidentiality is sacrosanct in the bedroom as much as the boardroom. That satisfied him. He suggested I try to get Kitty alone some time, to see what she knows, but in private to not rouse suspicions. I tried to set it up with a few friendly chats. She told me about her Egyptian honeymoon. It was a safe subject. I was not interested, except to look at Kitty’s face as she spoke and to read the secrets in her eyes. Something was going on in her head. I acted innocent.

If she was trying to cast her spell over me it almost worked. Kitty was the taller of the sisters, looking somewhere between 35 and 50, she was thinner but only in a middle-aged, trendy way, with slight folds over the waist of her thousand dollar tights, and her face was pretty enough too. Mitzi warned me. She said Kitty was a vamp.

Kitty’s raw animal appeal was tempered with fashionable falseness. She wore that much jangling jewellery you could find her in a crowd with your eyes closed. She had none of the lazy power in the way Bunny sat that defied fashion. Bunny’s frock was timeless and unnoticeable, the white silk clung to her in patches of pale pink roses, as her bare arm slung over the back of the chair, one leg lifted in a half-lotus position, she looked round without a smile, her lips moving slightly, as Kitty posed nearby listening, with her eye scanning the bar for admirers. I wasn’t one of them. My interest was purely professional, plus I was mindful of Mitzi’s warning.

Mitzi said, “Don’t ever betray me. One mistake and that’s it with me. No second chances. I’ve lived the life of the family fool too long. If I even suspect something, it will be over between us. Don’t let me down.”

Mitzi suffered from her family paranoia. Kitty never showed interest in me. Mitzi said Kitty would try to get me into bed, but my interest in Kitty was work-related. When I softened Kitty up with a casual chat at the airport bar I made sure I was being transparently social and uncharming. At a table not far away sat Bunny watching me, while Kitty’s husband Han whispered in Bunny’s ear. Bunny turned her eyes from me to Han, scowling, and she threatened him.

“Don’t try and kid me or you’ll regret it. Life is a roller coaster without rails - the destination on your ticket is not always where it takes you.”

That was a good warning, if Han listened. In the insect world of wealth, as Han stared at Bunny, I pictured him smiling at the face of a venomous foe. But he laughed.

“I know where I’m going.”

If Han knew where he was going, as it turned out he was brave about it. At the time it was a sideshow to me. I felt relaxed. Kitty was giving me her whole attention without me trying. Next moment she was on her feet with Han dragging her arm, “Let’s get out of here!” If Han was jealous, that was not my problem.

The bar was quiet then. A girl behind the bar stood sentinel. A solitary guy at a far table sat like a homesick mug measuring the drink in his glass against the clock.

I was watching the lone guy, feeling sorry for the loser, remembering how far I had come from that. I figured maybe if he had a plane ticket he was way above my old league, but look at me now… Then my vision was blocked and my thoughts dissipated, as Bunny stepped up close and white silk blocked my view, with my nose close to the faint floral pattern of the cloth. I imagined the scent of the printed flowers. I looked upward, afraid she was coming onto me. The thought was at the front of my mind, when I saw her tongue lick the mischievous smile on her lips. However, she shattered my misgivings with a smirk and five words.

“Are you working for Sam?”

She almost caught me off-guard. I raised my eyebrows to give me time to reassure myself she knew nothing.

I said, “You know I work for Papa.”

She snorted, “Why don’t I believe you?”

“It’s a free world.”

“Don’t smart-mouth me, rent boy. What are you doing here, if you’re supposed to be working for Papa?”

“I had a break, I’m going back now.”

She tried to humiliate me with a sneer. She snickered loud enough to startle the homesick mug at the far table. Bunny made a fool of me and I didn’t like it. I wanted to get back at her. My driver that day was Choy, the only one on the entire staff with any sign of personality. On the way back to the estate I briefed him about a recent family meeting where Bunny complained about the behaviour of some staff. She said they were nosy. Choy’s name was mentioned. He thanked me, and cheered me up with some gossip. I already knew more about it than he did. Before he skipped out to open the door for me, I told him to be careful Bunny would be having him watched. He slapped the dash console and gave a thumps-up with an ambiguous wink, as though he knew something I didn’t. He opened the door with the same sober flair as all drivers and he saluted me the same, but between us it was a joke. I ascended the stone steps toward the temple, looking for a restful afternoon. I came to the wrong place, it wasn’t there. Papa jumped out from behind the big stone frog and almost gave me a heart attack.

“Thank God you’re here,” Papa cried desperately.

“Bunny just sent a message. He’s coming. Get the gun, get the gun…”

“What’s wrong? Who are you talking about?”

Papa was terrified. I knew in this state he would not feel safe till he was armed. I tried to pacify him. With eyes closed he shook his head, slapping my hands to get them off him.

“Go get the gun, get the gun… get my Glock I tell you, go get the gun…”

Nothing would calm him. I went to the secret hatch in the altar and I selected the smallest gauge, least powerful weapon from his arsenal, an old single-shot job. The Asiatic temple all round me, stale and warm in all its colours, was like being steamed alive in incense-flavoured vegetable soup. Outside again in the fresh air, Papa sneered at the small weapon I offered him. He stamped his sandal on the ground. His arms disappeared in folded long sleeves stiff at his sides. He was mad about the Glock. He loved the Glock. He had to have the Glock. I went back and got it. I gave him the Glock with the safety on. He liked the feel of the Glock, he said, checking it was loaded and flicking the safety, pointing it here and then with an eye squinted. Then we heard a yell and the soup boiled over, and out of the temple Grandfather came rushing naked, across the lawn with his stick brandished  menacingly high in two hands. Two servants in pursuit stumbled close behind, bearing the old man’s pyjamas and robe.

“There you are, you thief!” Grandfather Gho howled. “Who are you? Traitor-r-r!”

Mitzi’s father waved the gun like a fly spray and jerked off rapid four shots toward the temple as Grandfather Gho’s bones came upon us and rattled past with his black mouth squealing.

One servant flopped face down on the grass with wild eyes peering from under a dislodged turban. The other, a young girl, stood frozen in white suddenly bloody-white clothing. Then she buckled at the knees and flapped about on the grass like a landed fish, screaming.

Papa handed me the warm Glock and said, “I’m invisible.”

With those hasty words he rushed away, cackling in the wake of the naked patriarch. The two madmen made different getaways across the lawns, one naked, the other in a flurry of priestly robes. Luckily the girl was not murdered. It would have been blamed on me. I was standing there with the smoking gun when witnesses arrived. There was not a Yu En among them to take charge. I did well. All eyes turned to me for authority, I explained there was an accident - old Papa fired the shots. Heads nodded with understanding and frantically looked about. I told them I sent Papa away. Then the heads nodded with relief, the maniac was gone. I had the Family Doctor called, rather than an ambulance. The medical man got the screaming girl patched up and the whole episode smoothed over in-house. She deteriorated and was rushed to a private hospital next day where her wounds could be treated discretely.

When I told Sam about it, he was impressed.

“So, Papa tried to shoot Grandfather. The old fool. You did well. ”

In the excitement I forgot to tell Sam of my confrontation with Bunny at the airport bar. And by the time I saw Mitzi and I tried to tell her of the shooting, she already heard all about it. I was high on adrenalin in my system from the shooting and aftermath, mixed with whiskeys to steady my nerves afterward. I felt like doing it all again. I told Mitzi my eardrums were still echoing.

She moaned wide-mouthed, “You should be careful!”

“You’re not kidding,” I said.

I added with a laugh, “He terrifies me every time I see a loaded gun in his hand. I shit myself when the damn thing blasted off right next to me… Bang-Bang-Bang-Bang!”

“Not Papa,” she bared her teeth at me. “I’m talking about you getting mixed up with Cousin Sam. He got you into this.”

She wasn’t impressed with my handling of the shooting incident either.

She said, “You should have called the police. Let them smooth it over. That’s what we pay them for.”

*

I loved my new high-rolling life with Mitzi, cops on the payroll, controlling shares in the City Mayor, servants galore, jets and unlimited everything, and beach houses everywhere. Daily deliveries arrived from the boutique or the designer, or some European auction house. A life of ease was all I knew now, with sun-glasses perched atop my head in the latest fashion. My work as Sam’s protégé provided a sense of importance I never dreamed of. My home-life with Mitzi gave me further espionage opportunities when the sisters visited, as they carried on talking at the table like I was a part of the furniture. Bunny crapped on about Cousin Sam’s sneaky ways, and what a pity Cousin Sun was no longer around to say what he knew. She was not sure what Cousin Sam was up to, but it was something. She had to watch her husband Pepe too, to make sure he didn’t get involved. He was influenced by Sam. Bunny gave an intimate appraisal of her gastrointestinal problems and her prolapsed uterus and so on. What upset her stomach most was watching Han milking Kitty and treating her like a fool.

I felt Mitzi’s eyes on me, so I gave a weak grin, trying to not show excessive interest.

 “Doesn’t it bother you?” Bunny asked.

“Not really,” Kitty smiled faintly. “I don’t think of it like that.”

It wasn’t love anymore but pure comfort and trust that is important in a marriage, said Kitty. My eyes met Mitzi’s as we both agreed loudly with that.

Kitty said whenever she thought of her husband Han she saw a fragile look of lost weariness, far different to when she asked him to smile for the camera. Oh, then he beamed. Sometimes Han’s private weariness was the first thing she saw of a morning when she woke, and she opened her eyes to find him inches away, silently staring at her. She said it was like looking into the eyes of a madman.

Bunny said hearing Kitty’s description of Han made her see not a madman but the sneaky, self-satisfied sneer of a parasite.

I wondered what Jean Paul Belmondo looked like to Mitzi, when she looked at me in the morning.

“It’s not just your money. That’s Family Money too that Han is frittering away,” Bunny griped to Kitty, with a glare in my direction.

“He’s family. Don’t forget, Han is my husband. We’re equal partners,” Kitty said, straightening.

She smoothed the gold-trim of her see-through blouse.

“I love him and I trust him,” she said almost to herself.

The three women turned one by one toward me.

“Do you think I’m being stupid?” Kitty asked.

Of course she was stupid. Mitzi told me long ago about Kitty’s complaints. Even on their famous Egyptian honeymoon, Han was always drunk and tired, but somehow he found time to go out alone for a few hours at midnight every night. He liked to walk and clear his head. Clear his head of what? She wondered. Pressures, he said. There were no pressures on him, no money worries, no social demands, and their intimacies were desultory at best. The young marrieds returned home from the honeymoon with a thousand photographs and a shared sexually transmitted disease.

Mitzi and I talked about these things in our own time, as we worked on improving our eager marriage efforts; desultory was not a word Mitzi used to describe our intimacies, more disappointing, she said, but at least they weren’t desultory.

And here was Kitty after dinner, asking me in front of everyone, was she stupid. It was not my place to comment. Lucky me, I didn’t need to. Bunny interrupted. She said Kitty’s stupidity was not natural, love made a woman stupid.

Mitzi almost drowned from a mouthful of wine, agreeing and laughing at the same time with frantic gesticulations. Kitty used the interruption to recall her Egyptian honeymoon. Perhaps it was young Han’s simplicity that most appealed to her when they were young. She recalled his shyness. Over time she found his manner taciturn and withdrawn, his habits strange. He was secretive and evasive in private but open-hearted and gracious in public. She was comfortable with that. It reminded her of their father, before he turned into a semi-religious recluse. Papa could afford to be whatever he chose, so what’s the trouble, Kitty said. And she saw Han the same way.

“It’s a-a-all a question of perspective,” said Mitzi, waving her hands erratically, “As long as people are kind to each other and do no harm, what’s the problem?”

Bunny told us the problem was Han kept bad company such as Cousin Sam and criminals. And like Kitty said, he was secretive. He was looking out only for himself, he could not be trusted, and he was far too confident for a kept man.

For Kitty, the thing about Han that made her laugh was not his confidence, more his impulsiveness, such as his brief conversion to Islam on their honeymoon. He even purchased a prayer mat. She recalled his bruised knees and aching back, and after a few days he tired of it. She gushed with laughter. She joked about the exclusive hotel in Alexandria where a barefoot servant slept on the floor outside their door in case he was required.

“We were slumming, sure, but, really, what is wrong with the telephone?” Kitty whined helplessly.

Bunny shrugged, I raised my eyebrows to show I was still awake, and Mitzi laughed like a wind-up doll. Her laughter made me chuckle under my breath, and Kitty said the sweetest times were those surrounded by darkness, as the honeymooners paid nightly homage to the ancient past in the shadow of the pyramid. The photographs were stunning. Out of this world! She laughed with a weary smile. I could see on her face being a daffy dame was hard work. It was hard for me listening. And Bunny’s talk of parasitic husbands did not make me feel good about myself. I felt like screaming I am not a parasite like Han. I earn my place in the family. I am Cousin Sam’s protégé.

Bah! Talk of honeymoons and photographs reminded me of wedding photos; Mitzi looked fantastic in ours. She was absolutely normal and glowing in the photo-shopped portraits. I could not believe it. I told her she looked beautiful, and she sneered at them. She hated them.

She said, “It’s not me.”

The beautiful portraits were an insult. She started crying and we agreed we would never look at the wedding photos again. I knew what she meant. They weren’t her. They were portrayals of what she might have looked if she were not how she was. I wasn’t me at the wedding either. I was in the halfway world between my old existence and my new Yu En life.

It was as though two strangers neither of us knew were married at our wedding. Since then I grew to know her. She was fun to be with, and I agreed with most things she said.

That night when her sisters were gone, she said, “That was so boring, and negative.”

She kissed me and messed my hair, and she cooed with outrageous gestures subdued, “I would have told them how nice you are, Darling, but they don’t listen to me. They just talk about their own stuff.”

I said, “They made me sick criticising everyone behind their back. Bunny is the same talking to Papa all the time. Cousin Sam said…”

Mitzi raised her finger and shushed me instantly, “Don’t bring the family into it. All I ever wanted in my whole life is to be treated like a normal person and have a normal life. That’s all. You gave me that opportunity. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. You make me feel important… for me, for what I am… not for my money, not for my vote in family meetings. I believe in you. Don’t ever prove me wrong.”

I was interested in what she was getting at, so I asked her to tell me what’s so good about me, and she said, “There are many things. I tell you what…”

My pulse jumped as she said, “I’m going to write you a list of all your good points.”

I was embarrassed to foresee her presenting me with a list of indecipherable hieroglyphics.

I said, “Forget it. Just tell me one."

“Well, most of all you simply wanted to hang-round with me, just to spend time with me for no reason. Not like now, when you’re with Papa all the time. But nobody was ever like you with me before, unless they wanted something. Sure, anybody will share their troubles with you. Certainly, Kitty and Bunny do but they avoid getting close in a personal way. I’m not offended. They’re like that with each other. Sometimes they make me feel I might as well be invisible.”

Oh no, not invisible like her Papa, I hoped. But I knew well, I should not joke. And I knew to not sympathise. Mitzi warned me about that. I have always learned from my mistakes, and in our early days I learned from mistake after mistake to say nothing when she was feeling sorry for herself. I felt sorry for her too, but she hated to be patronised. I stroked her shoulder. She gripped my hand and took a deep breath…

“Did you see Bunny speak to me as she left?”

Mitzi blustered more questions like, “What’s going on? Did you see the worried look on Bunny’s face? Why does she want to speak to you? Why is she involving me? Will you speak to her privately, confidentially? That’s what she wants to know. Why is she afraid to say anything in front of Kitty?“

The boring night suddenly changed complexion.

I preferred it to be boring. Mitzi’s questions spun in my mind. She stared at me waiting for answers. I wondered how Cousin Sam would react if I met Bunny privately. The smart thing I thought was to ask Mitzi what she would do.

She explained it like this, with her head jerking more than normally, “Well, I would not be asking you for advice, that’s for sure. You cannot say no to Bunny. It’s careless to hold a tiger by one paw. The other may swipe you. There’s no percentage in it for you to come between Bunny and Cousin Sam. It’s their game, not yours. If you talk to one, you better listen to the other. Better talk to no one, just listen. Be like Mama, stay innocent.”

That’s what I was doing all along, talking to one, listening to the other. I got busy over the next days. It was a game like Mitzi said. Her words spurred me on. I gathered so much gossip to report back to Cousin Sam, at the time I wished I could have written it all down.

It had to wait. Next day or so I took a car to the airport bar to meet Bunny the way she wanted me to. Mitzi arranged it against my better judgement. She prepped me before I left, and I wondered if her words may have been different if she knew the whole story, starting with the night I met Sam in his apartment with the rolled up rug with the shoes sticking out.

Mitzi told me at the door as I left, “It doesn’t hurt to go and listen, but don’t become involved. Things always take care of themselves, if you let them.”

*

On the long drive to the airport I sank in leather upholstery and breathed wood scent. I enjoyed the buzz of superiority as the limousine cruised by local peasants in their pointy bamboo hats wandering in poverty along the roadside as we left them behind in clouds of dust. My worries were soothed by the inner warmth of Mitzi’s support. Choy my little driver stopped along a quiet road for a piss. It wasn’t very professional of him, I thought, but he must have been busting, the urgent need he had to get out of the car. Hot open air surged in from outside until the driver’s door swung shut again. Choy left the motor running with A/C humming. I loosened my necktie and waited, with a couple of slugs from my hip flask. I returned the flask to my inner coat pocket and through the heavily tinted windows I admired the dusty vista bleached in sunlight. Choy was a while and I turned my face, glimpsing him in the side mirror behind the car as he injected himself in the arm with a syringe. It startled me and I jumped straight in the seat and looked the other away.

Sometime later, the door snapped open and Choy slid back behind the steering wheel with a sigh. Then he turned to stare over the seat-back, “So you saw me huh?”

What did I care, compared to shooting bullet holes in servant girls, and wrapping corpses in floor rugs, a man poking needle-holes in himself was not much of a secret to keep.

I said, “It’s none of my business. Confidentiality is sacrosanct to me.”

He laughed at that and a few things I said on the rest of the drive to the airport. Maybe he warmed to me, or the drug he injected loosened his tongue. He talked. He said I should be careful. Working for the family was okay, plenty of good money but… you want to break free, see what happens. He said he knew one guy didn’t like what they wanted him to do, tried to say good-bye…

Choy drew his finger across his throat, “Everything’s nice, but you try to get away, then it’s a different story…”

I had no intention of getting away. I wanted more. Choy said keep it quiet, he was going to move on and start somewhere else, but he said if ever I was in trouble I could call on him. That’s if he was still around. Sure. The kid wasn’t in my league, but I appreciated his friendliness. It made me think how little friendliness there was in my new world, just Mitzi. But she was enough.

As I weaved my way among the ground floor hoi polloi at the airport, dodging the swarming peasantry and wheeled baggage, there was a vibration in my pocket. It was a call from Kitty. I backtracked, Kitty sounded in a fix: “Thank God you answered. I need to see you, now. It’s urgent.”

Then she sucked her teeth. I explained it was impossible. She gave me the name of a nearby hotel and a room number. She said she knew I had a driver. She somehow knew I was at the airport. Get here before it’s too late, she said, right now. She guaranteed I would not be sorry. I checked the little gold watch on my wrist, the one I liked. It didn’t have numbers. It suggested I had time.

If Bunny wanted to speak to me, she could wait. I wondered if Kitty had something to say that Cousin Sam might be pleased to learn. I told Kitty to get her ass over to the airport if it was so important, I would meet her at the entrance and we could have a quiet chat out of the way somewhere.

Kitty snarled, “That’s okay, we can chat some other time. Go and meet the bitch.”

I held my breath wondering how Kitty knew about my meeting with Bunny, and, if Kitty knew did Sam know, when over the phone I heard Han’s voice in the background.

“Gimme that phone, Kitty for Gods-sake, let me talk to him.”

That was not on my agenda. I flicked the line dead, and turned it to flight mode. I had no desire to talk to Han. If Sam did not trust Han, and if Bunny did not trust Han, I certainly didn’t. I wandered lazily to meet with Bunny. She sat on a bar stool in a high-cut blue frock that looked like sewed-on money. The delicate material slunk straight when she stood. A thick black belt with chains loose-hugged her waist. Knee-high black boots caught my eye, the image of a little dominatrix. She greeted me warmly, but her eyes were cold.

She said, “Come up to my suite.”

She led me behind the high facades, down a passageway to a push-button door into a tiny lift that put us close together. We elevated through two numbers. We entered a chintzy mini-hotel-style capsule with a giant fluffy bed filling a side room. In front of me ten chairs and a long table set with drinks, cheese and fruit faced a glass wall overlooking a tarmac-level outdoor storage area. Bunny flicked a switch. The window glass automatically darkened. I was hungry and immediately set about the cheese and wine, and I sat back to hear what she had to say. She wasted two seconds taking breath before lecturing me on the delicacy of our meeting. She insisted on confidentiality. It cost me nothing to agree.

I said, “Confidentiality is of the essence - in the bedroom as much as the boardroom.”

It seemed to go over her head.

Then leaning on the table opposite, she said, “You’re working for Sam, I know that - both you and Han probably, and half the staff.”

Oh, yeah, and don’t tell me the other half isn’t working for you, Bunny. That’s what I was thinking. I hid my smile behind the knuckles of my fist wiping cheese bits crumbling from my lips with the back of my hand, slowly shaking my head, not to deny the fact of her statement, simply to admire her doggedness. The cheese was exceptional. The chick was obsessed. I said nothing. She read my mind.

She said, “I’m not the crazy one you seem to think.”

Then, as far as I was concerned, she hit herself for a home run; she said, “It’s Sam. He's the crazy one; he wants to wipe us all out, yes, even you.”

Most of cheese did not leave my mouth, though my smile did.

I replied with a mouthful of food, “Why should anyone wipe me out? Don’t be ridiculous. I’m harmless as a kitten.”

I wiped a few spattered crumbs from my clothes, I poured more wine and wiped my face with the linen napkin and blew my nose on it. If I wanted to say anything I got no chance. Bunny strode round the table as she continued, “Someone has to do something about him. He tricked poor simple Pepe to get involved in killing his brother Shi… You look surprised. Don’t doubt it, Sam had Shi executed. Maybe Sam did the same with Cousin Ji too… It was no suicide. Ji had everything to live for. He was Grandfather’s favourite.”

I felt sorry for Bunny, thinking how she would feel if I reported all this to Sam. His ears would glow hot. But of course, she asked for Confidentiality. I could not forget that.

Bunny seemed to have gotten something off her chest and she sidled near me. She put her hand on my shoulder. She leaned to grab the open wine bottle. She poured a bit and drained the glass and walked away.

“I’ll be frank with you. I’ll take that risk. I’ve been watching you closely. I don’t think you are as shifty as you look. Mitzi is sure you can be trusted. Is that true? She says your only danger is gullibility. Is that true? Are you gullible?”

I was there to listen, not answer questions. Bunny raised her eyes expectantly.  I gave a tough grin and held it, waiting to hear more. She adjusted a bra strap that had plenty of work to do I noticed.

She shook her head and stared at me more, before she continued, “…Cousin Sun found out Sam had plans to get rid of people, and I heard about it too. Don’t think you are the first Bimbo in this circus. We knew he was working with someone, but I still don’t know who.”

The next look she gave me was blunt as a sledge-hammer.

“Is it you?”

I felt my features flinch as I gasped What?

“Are you working with Sam to kill us?”

The stunned-mullet look of incredulity on my face obviously convinced her, she stared out the window with a sigh as I began to stammer, and she cut me off.

“We could never discover what the plan was. There was a list our contact saw. It had everyone’s name on it, except Grandfather’s and Sam’s. You and Mitzi were on the list too. Two names were crossed out - Shi and Ji. We had a guy on the inside but our guy went missing, and about the same time we got the information that Cousin Sun had vanished too. Does that strike you as a coincidence?”

I emptied the bottle into my glass and finished the wine with one gulp. I wondered if Bunny was watching too many gangster movies. I had an uneasy feeling she and Sam would play me off against the other, if I gave them the chance. Each accused the other of Sun’s disappearance. I couldn’t believe them both.  They might both be full of malarkey. But I was thinking of the body rolled in the rug, as I uncorked a second bottle. I heard Bunny’s voice in the blur of my thoughts.

“Are you interested in what I have to say, before your name is the fourth name crossed off the list?”

“Keep talking,” I said, pouring wine, but I wasn’t thirsty.

“I need you to tell me what Sam is planning.”

I thought about it a while, and suggested, “The trip to the wedding in the Caymans next week?”

She tried again. Of course, I knew Sam’s plans included me, but that is all. I said I knew nothing about Sam’s plans.

“Well, I want you to find out, for everybody’s sake. This is deadly serious. You know what I’m talking about. Sam is the type of guy who won’t let anything stand in his way. Not you, not me. I’m only asking you to act in the family’s interest, not spy on them. Keep your ears open. I need to know what the skunk is up to. You can go on with your usual snooping for him. ”

I let her talk. She was way out of line by now. But I agreed to do it, in a moment of weakness, thinking of the body in the rug I could not mention. As soon as I agreed, I wished to hell I had shut my mouth. Mitzi was right to warn me don’t get mixed up with her sister; Bunny was a powerhouse of paranoia. Mitzi should have had more sense – she arranged the meeting for me. After escaping from Bunny I got out of the airport as quickly as I could. I was scared. I was not sure what I had agreed to.

*

Mitzi was right, listen but don’t become involved. When I next reported to Sam I did not mention the meeting with Bunny. I worried it was a mistake to meet her, and it was a mistake to keep it a secret from Sam. But I had no shortage of gossip to report. He was not interested. Other things were on his mind. With the family’s trip to the wedding in the Cayman’s, Cousin Sam’s plans were approaching fruition. He had big plans for the future and we drank to them. And he slapped my back.

When I asked about the plan he said, “Don’t worry. You won’t be left out. Once the Cayman Wedding is over, everything will be smooth, smooth sailing for everybody.”

We toasted the future again, and he said, “Forget about Kitty. She doesn’t matter. And don’t talk to Han. That guy is a problem. If he approaches you call me on the hotline immediately.”

I felt a lot better. If Kitty and Han were in Sam’s bad books, he would not listen to them blab about my meeting with Bunny. The meeting with Bunny was over days ago but my nerves remained on edge. Things Bunny said played on my mind. I decided on staying away from both Sam and Bunny.

Mitzi said at last now I was using my head. She was not interested in hearing about my meetings with anybody, and I didn’t want to worry her. She advised me to allow things to sort their-selves out.

Bunny and Sam did not appear to miss me. I gladly overheard nothing that would interest either of them. Grandfather kept away from Papa, and Papa shot no one. Life was easy. I browsed through pictorial magazines, using my deduction skills and logic, to decipher the gist of the accompanying captions, instead of puzzling about family intrigues surrounding me. I pictured myself soon sucking cocktails on the private five-star sands of a delightful tropical tax haven.

The night before we flew to the wedding, I received a call to go see Sam. I was disappointed he didn’t ring on the hotline. I went to see him and Mitzi said I should tell him I quit, but I reassured her I was merely going to listen. She was half-happy, but she wisecracked, “Can’t you listen over the telephone?”

When I arrived Sam said he was worried about some business detail. He was grateful for my concern, but he brushed off my questions. He said his departure may be delayed, but nothing would make him miss the wedding. If he missed the flight with the family, he had a jet on stand-by. He would meet us within hours of our arrival, and see me there. He brushed my arm affectionately.

He said, “I know I can rely on you now more than ever.”

Sam gave an embarrassed laugh, but quickly recomposed.

“Worry about nothing else. Papa must be on the flight. It is paramount you get him on that plane, no matter what. The future depends on it. You know what to do. As always, I’m counting on you.”

Someone packed my luggage. I slept easy that night and I found myself in a flotilla of Bentleys next day on route to the private airfield, with Papa, Mitzi and Mama. My role as Papa’s minder gave me ranking. We were in the front car. I estimated we carried three tons of luggage.

Mama sat staring at the ceiling-lining of the vehicle like it was the Sistine Chapel, mumbling Om mani padme hung. Papa fiddled with his robes, and he licked his lips till I wondered if they were leaking invisible ice cream, and Mitzi prattled on about the Cayman wedding. She knew the couple and said they were nice normal people with four children and two art galleries in New York and one in Dubai. It sounded to me about time they got married.

We slew into the airfield along the main runway, in convoy led by me with Mitzi, Papa and Mama. A blank-faced chauffeur snapped open my door. He saluted me. We were instantly swept up in the excitement of a pack of adults squabbling like kids pouring from cars. Baggage was unloaded and trolleyed from under cover, across the tarmac to fill the gut of the medium-sized jetliner parked in the sun with cables and tubes attached and hatches open like a hospital victim. I pointed to Pepe’s travel bag and quipped to him under my breath that his luggage was smaller than his wife’s tits. He grinned proudly and said he had other bags too. I kept my eyes on Papa. He began following the luggage till ground crew grabbed him and ushered him back out of harm’s way.

“Scoundrels,” Papa muttered as he slumped to my side in a huff, “I ought to show them. Where is it?”

I groaned, oh no not that again, he needed a distraction, I hissed with urgency, “Papa you’re the highest ranking officer. Inform the others. They need to respect that.”

“No. Keep them in the dark,” he said with a sly smile before wandering off, and I groaned when he walked into the women’s toilets, and I groaned when he came out again carrying a waste basket.

Papa approached the Cousins' wives standing aside smoking cigarettes, keeping apart from the rest. Papa presented the basket to Yu En Sam’s wife. She cringed from Papa and his offering like she might any second run away. I kept groaning.

“What’s wrong with you?” said Mitzi. “Cheer up. It’s a holiday.”

She made me laugh. Her life was a holiday. She knew nothing else. I hadn’t had a drink, not counting the half-empty hip flask in my breast pocket, and it was already late afternoon. I wiped drool from Mitzi’s chin with her silk scarf and I grumbled, “Everyone is on holiday except me. I’m working.”

With a fright I looked round to see where Papa had gone. Mitzi laughed. She didn’t think Papa’s Minder was a real job. She did not understand behind the scenes my secret role, and how much Sam depended on me, and how much stress I was under now, since listening to Bunny’s paranoia. The good thing was Bunny said she was just looking after the family welfare. Cousin Sam told me the same thing before that. I felt in safe hands, if only they could work together. My heart was set on big things and smooth sailing after the Cayman wedding. All was loaded and ready to go.

The Yu En herd clambered aboard the aircraft, and they jostled for seats as we bundled Mama and Papa up the gangway. The only one running late was Cousin Sam.

Mitzi laughed, “Let’s leave him behind.”

Her humour as always cheered me up. Pepe passed me on the way to the toilet without his travel bag.

I quipped, “Where’s your luggage, Pepe? I hoped you remembered to pack your water wings and swimming costume.”

He said he didn’t need any, he can’t swim. I thought that would interest Sam, but I also thought of dropping the whole corporate espionage thing. No more spying, no more babysitting Papa, no more listening to Bunny’s paranoia, just Mitzi and me and her hundreds of millions. The pleasant thought vanished as someone roughly brushed me aside. It was Han ignoring me and he sulked into a window seat, Kitty snubbed her nose at me as she followed. Bunny turned and shot a grim smile at me over the headrest of her seat. Her piercing, questioning eyes lingered on my face till I had to turn away. I noticed the wives of Yu En Sam and Yu En Sun at the front jabbering Chinese intently, as far away from the others as possible. The wives of the dead cousins Ji and Shi sat in the less crowded backend seats with the only child aboard, Cousin Shi’s eighteen year old daughter just returned from college mid-term in disgrace. Then Papa began getting upset, going crazy, blustering about he forgot something. He was out of his seat and on his way out of the jet. I stood in his way.

“Call me a driver,” he barked.

A holler rang from back of the plane, “You’re a driver, Papa.”

I turned with exasperation. Pepe was smiling like a clown at a children’s birthday party. Someone laughed. I tried to reason with Papa. We had an hour maybe before departure. We were simply waiting for Sam to join us, before taking off. He would be here any minute. Papa wouldn’t hear about it. Papa wanted the Glock.

“The scoundrels would not talk to me like that if I had my Glock,” he growled.

I suggested, “Why don’t we have the scoundrels whipped when we return from the Cayman Islands Papa. Remember the wedding?”

“Damn the wedding. Cancel the flight. We’re all going home. I’m the senior in command. That’s my order...

He glared into my eyes with seething menace and hissed, "Unless!”

He held his unwavering glare. He had to have it! I looked down his grey-red throat as he begged for it. He couldn’t go without it. And he wouldn’t. I felt like strangling him then and there. It might have pleased Cousin Sam. Mama would notice nothing as she sat next to him. I told Papa to leave everything to me. I had a word with the pilot. I told him the problem, without mentioning the Glock. I asked did they have a pair of handcuffs on board.

“No,” he said with a smarmy grin.

He said, “We have to be out of here by half-past. I have orders to take-off no matter what.”

“Orders? Who from?”

“The top guy!”

The top guy had to be Sam… or Grandfather Gho, if he was having a good day. Or maybe it was Mr Wu Wei. I didn’t want to appear a dummy and ask the jet-jockey who the top guy was. I had the immediate problems to deal with. We’d been through the customs setup once. As usual they didn’t check a thing. People don’t hijack their own jets as a rule, so security was a waste of time. I was confident the Glock would be a snatch to smuggle through the door, and I could do the round trip to the temple and back in less than 45 minutes. I didn’t allow for contingencies. You tend to become blasé in a world where everything goes like clockwork. It was just a normal Yu En gathering, by now herded into seats on the plane. Those without faces glued to cell-phones or tablet-computers were whispering in another’s ear. A couple of young stewardesses attended to their demands. Drinks of all colours came from the galley to lubricate snide comments flung across the cabin.  I was glad to get away from them. I could think of nothing but carrying out Sam’s order, keeping Papa on the plane, even if it meant skedaddling round the countryside for Papa’s precious pistol. Mitzi said she would make sure Papa did not leave his seat till I got back or Sam arrived.  She went and buckled Papa’s seat belt.

I told her, “Remember everything he says.”

“Why?’

“Forget it. I’ll be back.”

*

One of our cars was parked in the no-parking zone directly outside the building. A couple of others were in the carpark. I went to the near one. When the driver zipped down the tinted side window I saw Choy’s smiling face. I was glad. He was a rare human face among the army of Yu En staff. He said he shouldn’t drive me anywhere because he had a job to do, but because it was me, once I explained my problem, he said he’d do it. He laughed at me when I asked what was the job he was supposed to be doing.

“Same as yours,” he said.

“You work for Sam?”

I took his lack of answer for a yes, “So you’re watching Papa.”

“Not Papa?” he said cagily.

“Who?”

He smiled again with no answer. Choy said he just does what he’s told, and he keeps his mouth shut. He was sick of it.

I had no such qualms, except in regard of the first night with Cousin Sam dumping the body. My only crime was, if at all, a victimless crime, I didn’t hurt the guy rolled in the rug. I trusted Choy, and I felt an urge to talk plainer, but I simply said I saw no harm in anything I was asked to do. “Lucky you,” said Choy, “You get asked. I get told.” I wondered if there is any difference. He said he planned to get out of the operation soon anyway. He said if I had any sense I would get out too, before someone gave me a reason to. I told him that was not my plan. The whole place was going crazy, he said, the dirty work just gets dirtier. He asked me to keep all that under my hat. No problem, but as for dirty work, I didn’t see much dirtier work than digging a hole in the forest big enough to put a man in. I didn’t mention that. Nor did I mention the fact that after the digging job I had to throw away my best suit and the ruined remains of a pair of handmade slip-on dress shoes.

I liked Choy as much as I liked anyone, except Mitzi and Sam, but he was pissing me off, talking the whole while I was in a hurry, and driving a bit slow for my liking. Maybe he was on drugs again. Still I had to be grateful he was doing me a favour. I earmarked him as a potential right-hand man, if I needed one in my future role. He might fit the bill, if he promised to keep off the drugs. He got me there, past the gatehouse, past the mansion, with a skid to halt in the gravel at the base of the hilltop temple. I flung myself at the stone steps two at a time and scampered past the fountain and frog, and inside to the sanctum of the sacred farce. The old Grandfather was blubbering to a servant girl by the temple entrance. She looked scared.

He grabbed me, “What are you doing here? You’re the Bimbo. Where’s Papa? What’s going wrong? Don’t let me down…”

I shut him up briefly with my explanation, till he began to weep.

“You’re meant to be with Papa,” Gho whimpered, “The imposter cannot be trusted. They told me he will be watched at all times…”

I pulled Gho’s hands off me but he clutched one sleeve with both hands and started whining again. “Dead laughter rots…”

I shook him off as quickly as I could. I dashed to the carved wooden altar, clicked the secret levers, pressed the panel with concealed compartments and I did what I had to do. I emptied the weapon’s magazine and checked the breech was clear. Papa would complain, but didn’t want him doing something stupid on the plane, like shooting the pilot, or blowing us all to kingdom come. I slipped the lightened Glock into a briefcase and rushed back out to the car.

As I brushed past Grandfather Gho and the servant girl, the old guy’s gob dropped open. Maybe he had something to say. Maybe he forgot he’d seen me moments ago.  I had no time to waste. Fresh air and sunlight hit me in the face. I stopped dead at the edge of the stone steps leading downward, my eyes feasting on marble gravel below. I gazed in all directions. I blinked my eyes and looked again; the Bentley and Choy were gone. Without wasting a moment I rushed across the grass fields to the mansion. Sunglasses flew from my head and I left them behind. I grunted up steps, inside straight to the nearest WC. I pissed two gallons, and zoomed downstairs to the basement where my Pantera had been parked ever since I used it as a hearse. Now the keys were joined by a spider web to the steering wheel cover. I collapsed breathlessly behind the wheel, sucking air with agony. I tossed the briefcase behind the passenger seat. I dragged loose my necktie. Visions of a body rolled in a rug flooded my mind. The damn motor kicked over and over and took forever to start. It shivered and shook then purred like a beast disturbed. I lead-footed it and I almost crashed in the basement then sideswiped the gatepost as I sped out into daylight. The motor warmed to its task. After leaving loose gravel the tyres gripped on hard road surface sloppily. They needed air.

So did I, breathless from my high-pressured morning and the long run across the spongy lawn. I didn’t have time to worry about tyres or the speed limit. I prayed I didn’t get a blowout. Then a few minutes from the mansion came the sharp uphill leftward hairpin bend and I coaxed the steering wheel in that direction without easing speed. There was a sluggish whine as the vehicle half-crabbed straight on  across the centreline, with the feeling of steel-rim skating on rubber like soap, it all happened slowly as the car went off the soft edge of the tree-lined road and went airborne over the embankment, taking a strip of bamboo fence with it. I should have had on the seatbelt. The front end crashed into a dried paddy and the impact almost cracked open my skull. I wasn’t thinking straight. I revved the motor till it squealed and blew smoke and the wheels dug down in dirt to the axles. I cradled my head. It felt in one piece on the outside, inside was a crate of broken eggs.

Panic seized me. I hit open air, stumbled across deep furrows and loose dirt, through the tree-line. I could not believe somehow in the crash the vehicle did not hit at least one tree. I clambered up the steep embankment onto the road, eventually flagged a ride, and bribed the guy to speed me to the airfield.

Half-past the hour of departure was long gone. I crossed my fingers though it was hopeless. I paid the guy for driving me as we approached the airfield. I jumped out the door as he screeched to a halt in the deserted carpark. As my good Samaritan drove away I ran to the locked gates and fell to my knees and cried, shrunken to the size of an insect crushed with failure. The place was empty. The jet was gone as scheduled with Mitzi and family en route to the Cayman Islands without me. I was gutted. I blamed Choy. What was wrong with the fool? I thought he was my friend. Did he misunderstand when I asked him to wait with the motor running? Maybe he was working for someone against me. That was nutty-thinking. I blamed the crack on my head. The kid Choy was probably spaced out on drugs, it did not help me. All I knew was I had to catch up with the family in the Caymans, re-join Mitzi and take charge of Papa again. I toyed with the hotline to Sam. If ever there was a necessity to use it, it was now. But with Sam on the plane, he would know what happened. I trusted Mitzi to explain everything.

I ached for a hot bath and a change of clothes. I emptied my pocket flask into my throat. Swallowing hurt now after wrenching my neck in the car crash. I binned the silver flask, it was no use to me, and I calmed down enough to devise a plan. The situation was not so bad. I had at least succeeded in my mission to get Papa on the plane. I rang a taxi, and I aged ten years waiting half an hour for it to come. “Step on it!” I said. We reached the main airport terminal half an hour away and I remembered the Glock I left behind in the crash. So, all my rush was for no purpose. I kept rushing.

I found a desk-woman at an airline counter eager to help me; she jumped at the wad of notes I poked under her nose. I didn’t count them, I just made sure they got her attention. The notes disappeared and she went straight to work, ratting at her keyboard with a pencil in her mouth, searching for the fastest way to get me to the Cayman Islands. She was checking the routes. Apparently it was a difficult task. My insistence on travelling first class made it harder. But I refused to fly cattle-class economy. Those days for me were long gone. It seemed the same for a lot of people heading to the Cayman's that day. First class was booked out.

While she searched further she asked for my passport. Blood drained from my veins. I looked at her helplessly. My passport was on the plane with Mitzi, as far as I knew. I tried to explain. As I did, a voice over the PA called upon persons connected with the Yu En matter. That got me asking questions. Security staff snapped to attention when they heard who I was. I enjoyed that. But they knew nothing. They drove me in a golf-cart across the terminal to an obscure wing marked No Entry. I was led into a crowded room. Amidst a hubbub of murmurs, an official told me there was a problem. The Yu En jet had gone missing soon after take-off over rugged country, the worst was feared. They let the news begin to sink in. Before I could ask what they meant, they said the plane had crashed. Rescue choppers and fixed wing search-craft were rushing to the last radar sighting. They said something about the passenger list and missing persons. I was the second. They were seeking another. One was on the way down from upstairs…

“Crashed?”

Fresh news was rushed into the room. The official made a grim-faced announcement.

“The wreckage has been located in a valley… disintegrated on impact! Identification is definite. The scene has been closely inspected from the air. No survival is possible. ”

I almost fainted. Inside I was a mess. Oh, Mitzi!

My world crashed down with the plane, I freaked out.  My regret at having missed the take-off slowly transformed into hysterical ecstasy. By a series of errors my life had been somehow spared thanks to a misunderstanding with my driver, and low tyre-pressure, and of course Papa’s craving for his Glock…

Maybe I didn’t cry, but I felt like it. My life’s love lost in plane wreckage I knew not where. My mind flashed with images of Mitzi and my mentor, Sam, with the rest of the Yu En clan mingled in the ultimate intimacy of death. Possessed by the enormity of the tragedy, I did not know what I was saying. Things were going down so fast, I could not keep up. I blame the crack on my head. I asked for medication. They gave me something that spun me out. Despondency shrouded all round. People were staring. To lighten the mood before I choked on it, I quipped light-heartedly without thinking, something like, “I hope they had life insurance.”

The loudness of my voice and the silence that met it shocked me. Then I thought I had gone mad. Mitzi’s voice echoed in my state of hallucination.

The echo said, “What did you say about life insurance?”

Turning my head my eyes popped. She was standing there, her smiling face the colour of a cooked prawn. I could see she’d been bawling her eyes out. The remnant of a wide smile shrank off her face and in its place a scowl of confusion. I gasped with relief to my core. I had an urge to throw myself down to kiss her feet.

“It’s you?” I gasped, “I thought you were on the plane.”

The confusion on Mitzi’s face congealed into utter revulsion, “Is that what you planned?”

What she hinted at was not true. She launched into a tirade, the kind I heard habitually from her hot-blooded relatives, not from my placid Mitzi.

She said, among much else, “I would have been murdered on that plane with Mama, oh my poor Mama, and the rest of them I don’t care about. But how could you do that to Mama? For lousy insurance money? I was wrong about you… you Beast!”

She accused me of bloody-minded greed and heartless treachery. I don’t think others in the stuffy room could fully understand exactly what she was saying. Her distorted diction was so further warped with rage. However, they seemed to have similar questions on their faces. Looks of suspicion, in particular from several men in uniform, were making me feel guilty.

“Hey, I had nothing to do with that,” I protested.

“To do with that?” Mitzi snarled, “What that?”

Her quivering lips showed all her gum. “You assassin! Oh my God. Life Insurance!”

She collapsed in despair, disintegrating in sobs, dribble and tears of hatred.

I automatically stepped forward to comfort her, and she growled clearly with flawless pronunciation and a venomous glare, “Get that gold-digger away from me!”

*

Detectives chauffeured me from the airfield. I slumped in the back seat. I asked where were we going, was I under arrest, and if not what was all this about. They said they wanted to discuss a few things. Soon it was obvious where we were headed. I saw far off-road the bright lights of the Yu En mansion in the distance, next swerving off bitumen at the big, flood-lit stone gateway. The black ironwork cast flickering shadows as we cruised by in top gear with tyres scudding onto marble gravel. Two cars full of cops tailed. The big black sedans skidded to a stop, one, two, three in front of the mansion, with a phone loudly ringing from the front seat in our lead car.

From out of the side exit of the mansion basement, in a swirl of headlights, dust, and marble gravel, a Jaguar-shaped shadow with darkness-piercing eyes slew past us in a spray of stones. Our driver answered the call on the car phone, and cursed.

“That’s them.”

Without a word he slammed his foot on the accelerator and our heavy sedan scattered gravel in a tight U-turn, with a following roar behind us, then another. The Jag disappeared in the dark ahead. Our cop-filled convoy cruised to Sam’s downtown apartment building. No particular purpose was indicated as the detectives escorted me up the service lift from the basement. I remembered the hassle Sam and I had the night we dragged the body in the packing bag out of the lift.

In concussion and confusion, from the crack on my head in the car crash, the medication, and the shock of seeing Mitzi alive, and then the cruel shock of her turning against me, I despaired. But there was some comfort in the familiarity of Sam’s apartment, though he was now gone. Poor Sam lost and no longer with us; now his scheming amounted to nothing, his big plan was dead in the plane wreckage. And Bunny dead with him: was she right, was she wrong, it no longer mattered. Death sure has a way of putting the true value of things in perspective.

Sam and Bunny, I could do without, I wished only Mitzi were with me, I felt so alone. The cops sat me down. They stood. Then the questions began. I saw tell-tale shadows of other persons cast from an adjoining room, perhaps cops eavesdropping, but it did not bother me. I had nothing to hide. The questions grew more pointed and way out of line. Then they suggested I was responsible for the plane crash.

“Don’t be ridiculous. It was probably an accident. That’s my family you’re talking about. How do you know anyone is responsible?  You think I would try to kill Mitzi, my own wife? I’m not crazy. I love her. And Yu En Sam, he was my benefactor. He was my mentor…”

“We already know what happened. It was no accident. The pilot was in touch with the airfield all the way down. Ugly! It was sabotage alright. Ground staff listened to the screams the whole time. The best thing you can do now is face up to it. Get it off your chest…”

These cops sounded like they were not on the Yu En payroll.

“I got nothing on my chest,” I said to their deaf ears.

“Your wife thinks you did it for the insurance. So do we, it’s not an unusual case. It’s a reasonable enough motive, textbook perfect. And we’re not talking retirement pay, are we? That’s Yu En money we’re talking about. You wanted it all. That’s understandable. The insurance payout would have been no more than icing on the cake.”

The accusations got me frantic. Point blank they blamed me for murdering the passenger list plus air and cabin crew. Maybe if I told them the whole truth, they would see - whatever happened, nothing had anything to do with me. I tried to explain I was merely doing my job, carrying out harmless orders. I blurted out the whole story from the beginning, starting candidly with the body in the rug, since that was how I got the job. Then they would see my willingness to help, I could be trusted. I was on their side. I wanted to know what happened too. Let them figure out the truth. I couldn’t.
 The detectives stared at each other the way I hoped they would. My story stopped them talking about the plane crash. For the first time they were taking me seriously. They wanted to know everything. 
At last I could relax. Confidentiality had to stop somewhere. I was desperate. I had no choice - the same as the night I stepped through the door of Cousin Sam’s apartment. Maybe I was disloyal to Sam, to break his trust and say what I did, but I was fighting for my innocence. Sam was dead anyway, so what’s the difference?

The cops didn’t want to hear about Sam, “Tell us about the body. Where’d you dump it?”

I could not show them on the map, so I talked them through it. I predicted there they would find the body of Yu En Sun. As I did so, I was aware a man entered from the other room. He was all black but for grey hands and grey face. I blinked and saw the vertically-creviced features of the Auditor, Mr Wu Wei. A shiver of relief passed through me at the arrival of genuine authority. He would know how to deal with this half-baked cop claptrap. Wu Wei showed grey teeth in an almost-sympathetic, not quite pleasant grin. My stomach dried at the sight of his bloodshot yellow-grey eyes. I almost fell off my chair when out of the Auditor’s shadow stepped Cousin Yu En Sam. Not dead.

“That is a very interesting story,” said Cousin Sam, paying no regard to the surrounding cops, or the fact he should be splattered in ashes across some mountain valley. “You look surprised to see me. Unfortunately I missed the flight. Some business matter I had to attend to at the last moment. But, for the sake of my good standing in the community, how fortuitous it is that I am here to say I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. But it is an interesting tale, I’m sure.”

Sam looked at Wu Wei and Wu Wei concurred, “I have no doubt the officers would be as eager as we are to discover what is behind this astonishing story.”

Mr Wu Wei and Cousin Sam stood by as I was wrongfully accused of committing an act of terror, causing the jet to crash, air piracy, sabotage and multiple homicides, felonies and larcenies, attempted insurance fraud, and what other charges I don’t remember, and I don’t remember where I was. I scribbled my meaningless ‘signature’ on papers before being driven cross-town to the remand centre, and they locked me up ‘for further processing’.

All too soon I found where further processing led. From then on I was assaulted with accusations. Despite my worries I slept like a log that night thanks to the knock on my head earlier in the day; I was comforted by a vague feeling things could not turn worse. On the morning of my first awakening as prime suspect in the plane crash case the cops had more news. They informed me that Grandfather Gho was found by servants with half his head shot off the previous day. The suspected murder weapon was discovered in a briefcase behind the seat in my abandoned Pantera. The magazine was loaded, one shot was missing. It was impossible. I was on a conveyor belt in a framing factory. It was obvious to me the Glock must have been used to slaughter Grandfather Gho after I crashed the car. It was unloaded when I last had it. The cops laughed at my version of events. They said maybe the weapon loaded itself and the bullet bounced out of the car in the collision and rolled back to the temple by itself and blew Yu En Gho’s head into confetti. The cops laughed at my every supposition, and they dumped my alibis in the Bye-Bye basket, and they charged me with the murder of mad old grandfather Gho.

It was raining murder charges. Since I could not read the forest roadmaps they showed me, the cops drove me in a fleet of sirens to the place in the forest I told them about. They were unable to find the location without my help. They chatted to me nicely all the way. We got there following my directions. They did high-fives all-round albeit not with me, when they spied the oblong of sunken earth that was the grave. They called for reinforcements and drove me straight back behind bars, acting this time with routine aloofness.

In my absence, the cops dug up the spot I showed them. There they found the body in the rug, exactly where I said. They charged me with that murder too. But my fears all along were proved wrong; the body in the rug was not Cousin Sun. The cops thought that was hilarious. They joked among themselves.

“How many murders has this guy done? I love this chump. He can’t even remember which victim he buried where. Mr Wu Wei was right. The guy is a prosecutor’s dream.”

The corpse in the rug was identified as a cheap criminal. So what, I never heard of him. I never saw the sucker’s face before. I said he looked like Jackie Chan’s golf caddy. The smallest of the cops smacked me across the side of my head, and called me a smart-ass racist son-of-a-bitch!

I was not being smart, I’d met Jackie’s caddy in the toilets at the golf club earlier in the year. I had a few words with him at the urinal, never realising I would one day cop a thump on the head for the privilege. As I steadied myself back onto the chair and dripped blood from my nose, another of the plainclothes cops stepped forward and grabbed the hand of my fly-weight assailant. With a finger raised like a schoolteacher he chastened his colleague, “Now, hold on, steady. Remember, they said none of that!”

He blabbed-on in local dialect. I expected more but I was not man-handled again. Instead I was tortured with non-stop questions about the plane crash, and the body in the rug, and Grandfather Gho’s murder, and the disappearance of Cousin Sun. Never once did the thought occur to them I could be innocent of anything.

I assume the wedding in the Cayman Islands went ahead without me and the rest of the family. At week’s end, the cops received an anonymous tip-off, so they questioned me further. I told them all I knew about it, which took zero minutes. They went off in a huff, and presumably they snatched up their shovels and spades and scurried off into the woods, treasure hunting again. That evening I heard a kerfuffle out on the steel walkway. A crowd of cops and screws burst into my cell. One had mud on his shoes. I smelled booze on his breath. He flicked my nose to and fro with a business card. It was the card Cousin Sun handed me at the mansion when I last saw him. They had it in the evidence from my wallet. The cop bragged, ha-ha, they didn’t need my help after all. The anonymous tip led them to burial site number two. There they dug up the corpse of Yu En Sun, buried in the same neat fashion as the first-found victim. They laughed. And I was charged with that too, murder charge number three. At that stage, it was an anti-climax, mere foreplay, waiting for a bunch of plane crash murders to be added to the list and really screw me.

It was only by freakish luck Mitzi and I survived the plane crash. I suffered a haunting vision of faces rising from ashes, Yu En spirits strewn across the scorched earth of their mountainous burial ground, each vying for possession of my psyche. Perhaps the ghosts thought I was their murderer, like everybody else. They would enjoy seeing the vengeance of justice against me. I could not blame anyone for thinking I was guilty. With all the evidence stacking up against me I was almost half-believing it too.

I imagined the ghost of Bunny’s mockery in my dreams, with Kitty laughing on the sidelines in her usual dopey-dame way, and Han snivelling in her shadow, and Pepe laughing like a party clown to Papa’s foolish cackle, and poor Mama giggling with eyes a-flutter. The premeditated ghost of Cousin Sam was the loudest in my dreams, with the nasty laugh of an Asian Joker, the living vision of his leering face pressed so close to mine the shock woke me with a scream. The anonymous aircraft crew too had a presence in my dreams, vague faces of tortured banshees with voices howling like the wind. Only the patronising pilot did I dream of clearly, humouring me like I was the family nutcase when I asked  him for handcuffs. So, he decided to do me a favour and take off without me. That’s fine.

*

When I was moved to a proper prison, reality asserted itself. My medication was reduced. The disturbing visions faded. Gaolbirds were impressed with my reputation. I did not bother the murderers and petty scammers around me with my pleas of innocence. I saved that for the trials. I was chauffeured between courthouse and gaol-house. Everything was pre-arranged. Perhaps down to the detail of the outcome. Family lawyers represented me. I guessed Cousin Sam sent them, not Mitzi after I tried repeatedly to contact her by phone. The only response was an official letter. I asked a cell-neighbour to read it to me. The letter referred to my phone calls to Ms Yu En. The writer insisted I desist. The letter came from Mitzi’s lawyers, the same family firm representing me. If I could have written back I would have apologised for bothering her. I was confused. Court appearances confused me further. The jury appeared as bored as I felt. Lawyers advised me to take a plea bargain. With family influence it was feasible. There might be some political resistance, but the prosecution would agree to ten years on the basis of reduced responsibility due to mental impairment, or something along those lines. The plausibility factor was strong, they said. The nerve of them! My heart stopped listening, but my brain ticked over. My eyes were listening harder than my ears. Ten years? The lawyers nodded among themselves. They expected the time would be served in a comfortable facility, it could be arranged…

Their faces glowed. Not mine. I knew what they meant.

“You want me to plea insanity? Forget it. Mental impairment, my ass… just because a man never went through school like you lucky bastards doesn’t make me a homicidal psychopath. They’ve got the wrong guy. I’m not so insane I would admit I’m guilty of murders I never did, and end up ten years in the nuthouse. No thanks guys. Get me a shovel and I’ll start digging now.”

They said the alternative was to face the possibility of the Death Sentence. I optimistically mentioned the possibility of a not-guilty verdict. After all, I was not guilty! My lead lawyer looked at me a long time. He showed no expression. His look-away said it all. He said they would go think about it. I cheekily suggested they discuss the problem with Cousin Yu En Sam.

The deal they brought back was this: they would do their best, all they needed me to do was shut up and say no more about Sam, and they might be able to save my neck. The lawyers prescribed stronger medication to assist me through the jurisprudence. I asked what the medication was. They laughed it was not truth serum.

I had no desire to talk about Cousin Sam or anyone else. Most of my answers in court were truthful. I simply did not know anything. And I did not want to know. I ignored the repetitious proceedings except when I was in the witness box. I steeled myself to stonewall the prosecutor’s questions about Sam and the body in the rug but they never came. Yu En Sam was never mentioned. I was taken in handcuffs to several doctors for mental interrogation, despite my silent protests. The courtroom legal drama was as drab as yesterday’s canned beans, until the session when the prosecution tabled their bombshell evidence. That’s what they called it, Bombshell Evidence. Many people gasped. Flashbulbs popped. I yawned. It was merely the second murder weapon with my fingerprints, the one from that night in Sam’s apartment. Forensic evidence proved it was the gun that shot both Cousin Sun and the guy in the rug. The prosecution waved Sam’s gun and Papa’s Glock round the courtroom at every opportunity to weaken my case. It proved nothing. They said the two exhibits tied everything together.

They also raised supersized pictures of my fingerprints over their heads, and paraded round with them like religious icons to impress the passengers in the jury-box. The crazy thing was I explained how my prints got on the guns without mentioning the body at Sam’s apartment. I described how Grandfather was still alive after I last saw him. The Glock wasn’t even loaded. My prints proved nothing. A servant girl could testify Grandfather Gho was alive when I left the temple. The cops checked out my story. They turned up nothing. My legal team made enquiries. They got nothing. My team searched for my so-called “get-away-man” and also young Choy the family driver, but they came up with nothing. Again it was my word against nothing. When it came to my word against nothing, nothing won.

Near the finish of the case I purely wanted it to be over. I was sick of repeating I was innocent to smirks all round. I was beating my head on a wall of scorn. If they gave me the choice then, I would have settled for a verdict by the toss of a coin. Every time I turned to the gallery Mitzi buried her face in her scarf at the sight of me.

My head swam uncontrollably, when the verdict resounded... Guilty as charged, Guilty as charged, Guilty as charged!

And still more to come. All eyes avoided my face. I sensed they were frightened by the presence of a death sentence staring over my shoulder. Days passed on a roulette wheel, till the afternoon for pronouncement of my sentence. At the sound of the first word from the Judge with his face tight as a knot of wood, I fainted.

My legal team were overjoyed. Nineteen years only! That was a light sentence for three murders. I escaped execution. My lead lawyer crowed that psychiatry assessments carried out without my consent were extremely helpful to my case for leniency. That was the key. I had to thank the trial judge and family influence for that. Too bad the prosecution found the second gun with my fingerprints. It looked bad at the time, but looks aren’t everything. My lawyers joked under their breath it was gentlemanly of prosecutors to avoid the words cold-blooded. Yes, honourable and wise. The most damaging evidence against me was the information I gave police when I first mentioned the body in the rug. If I had kept my mouth shut then, it would have been merely a plane crash the cops tried to pin on me, at most. The lawyers said the plane case was more manageable than a clutch of murders. It was more information than I could handle. My gaol popularity spiked with three convictions. I became a criminal celebrity. But there were no paparazzi in prison.

I laugh about some things now, I did not laugh at the time.

By now, I have stopped counting the years. This is my life. I accept it. Chewed up by Yu En madness, and spat out into gaol, my incarceration is not wasted on recriminations. I try to understand where I went wrong. Getting mixed up with Cousin Sam was a bad move. I see I had little chance to avoid it. I might have been smart and listened to the lawyers’ advice during the court case. Perhaps they could have halved my sentence with a plea bargain of insanity.

If I was smarter, I would have listened to Mitzi to begin with, warning me to not get involved with Cousin Sam.

On the other hand, in the end I could have hurried back to the airfield from the temple quicker and jumped aboard the plane crash just in time. That would be the end of my worries. And Mitzi and I would remain inseparable.

Jokes aside, that is my only regret, losing Mitzi. She visited me in prison only once, after the scandal died down, and that time only to have me sign divorce-related papers, just to make things easy for both of us, rather than to see me hit with bigamy charges. The pain on her face was unmistakable. Without reading a word I signed each page proudly, actually writing my name, not the meaningless scribble I used for years as a signature including on our marriage papers. She took each page of the legal document and inspected my signature, and she left me with her parting words, “The family will meet your legal costs etcetera, on condition you never again attempt to see me or contact me in any way.”

As she spoke she looked like she was smiling. She could not help that, it was a spasm, as she rocked awkwardly in the chair and with spastic hands she fumbled the documents into a leather satchel. Other prisoners and visitors in the meeting racks turned our way to watch through wire partitions and through the flexi-glass screen like she was a freak. To me, with her long neck and lively little Asian face, she looked a million dollars slipping out of my hands. My last link with human reality snapped as she left.

She never answered my question: “How are you?”

I fantasise, she will someday realise - by her getting off that doomed plane to wait for me at the airfield on that fateful day, I saved her life in a way.

Now partly-dead, I bury my face in books.  After hiding the fact I could not read and write all my life and all through my marriage, I was forced to attend prison classes to escape work details. I’ve learned to read everything I can get my hands on. Paradoxically, it is liberating even behind bars as I languish in limbo, learning to read has been my great escape.

I seek to perfect my lettering too, with the word Mitzi ever at my fingertips as I write her sweet name a hundred times over and over in obsessive compulsive delight, awaiting news that never means anything. Things take care of themselves, as Mitzi said.

The plane crash murder cases remain tangled in red tape. My lawyer laughed to me in a jolly fashion. Politicians have been more helpful to me than lawyers. Complex forensic investigation could take decades. He went on for five minutes about the plane crash and summed up, “Ignore any mention of the insurance question. It is facetious speculation…”

My heart screamed inside me, Tell that to Mitzi, as the lawyer persisted summarising.

“Every allegation rests entirely on the pilot’s reported dying screams over the radio. They raise many questions. Regrettably there are no answers. There is no evidence of sabotage in the end. They are analysing ashes in the dirt, for God’s sake. The Prosecutors Office put on extra staff to move the case along. That is helpful. We have expert eyes and ears everywhere.”

The little lawyer’s next words hit like a bolt out of the blue.

He said off-handed, “No doubt you have heard about Mr Yu En Sam’s marriage to your ex-wife.”

I should not have been surprised. Just as Cousin Sam had taken control of my life, he was now taking my girl. What he saw in Mitzi eluded me. A guy like that doesn’t have normal human feelings. Clearly, Sam could not love Mitzi half as good as the way I did. It was impossible to imagine Mitzi hooking up with him, unless it was for self-preservation. He would want control of her share of the family fortune, that’s for sure. With the massive Yu En inheritances involved, Sam and Mitzi would have about 50-50 of everything. The shocking news slowly strangled me. Maybe Mitzi traded control of her fortune in marriage to buy her safety, unless of course… my mind was haywire… unless… unless if all along Mitzi and Sam were secretly working together.

The lawyer’s voice pierced my pulsating paranoia, “I see you raise your eyebrows. Many people do. But of course it’s perfectly legal for cousins to wed. Oh, by the way, you might like to know we caught up with your young driver Choy… in a sense. Sadly, his body was found washed up in the river. The cops say it looks like suicide. The fish left insufficient to say otherwise. They say it has nothing to do with your case.”

Suicide? Nothing to do with my case?  Tssss…the damn cops got everything else wrong. I figured they got that wrong too.

The lawyer shoved his arm into his overcoat sleeve readying to leave. He stepped forward in the narrow cell. I sat nailed to the chair by the news of Mitzi’s marriage. The old lawyer stooped with his lips near my neck and he breathed on my ear, with his hand shielding the side of his mouth. I smelled the perfume of non-prison soap.

He whispered, “A wise person in your position would let time pass quietly, and upon release, sooner rather than later, slip out of the country under an assumed identity… then vanish without trace. It can be arranged if you wish. Several non-extradition territories would be suitable. He made a swishing gesture with his hand and he whispered conspiratorially… smooth sailing…

Perhaps it was sound legal advice. I was afraid to respond in any way. My lips quivered.

I asked, “Is Mitzi okay?”

The lawyer smiled as though I spoke an unknown language. He shook my hand. Upon that, without further word as usual, he left me with my empty thoughts of the future.

The worst, I fear is yet to come. I receive threats on my life from fellow prisoners jealous of my high-class legal team and the small benefits I mysteriously receive. They say I enjoy special treatment. It’s true, but I fear to lose the few comforts that come my way, as much as I fear the danger of my surroundings.

I fear also for Mitzi’s safety on the outside, and I dread the day of my freedom, if I live that long, when I walk out a free man into the prison of my wondrous new world now gone. I have a recurring nightmare of that day, the day of my release, to find Mitzi waiting to greet me at the gate. She is more beautiful than ever, but her face is frozen, it’s not her face, it’s a photograph, a mask worn by Cousin Yu En Sam. He tears off the mask, with a pinch-eyed, pale glow of joy and he laughs… I‘m here to protect you, no matter what... In fact, the face revealed is not Sam’s face it seems, but yet a second mask. A grey hand reaches up and tears away the mask of Sam’s face, to reveal the craggy, gaunt features of Mr Wu Wei. I wake in terror at his evil grin. I don’t know why.

It has me recall the musty family temple long ago, and above us, nutty old Grandfather Gho on the altar groaning like a prophet, everything you hear is a lie, trust no one…

If only I had listened to the maniac.



LITTLE STOMACHS ON LEGS


An aggrieved husband pursued his runaway wife. He traced her to the edge of the city among the trash, waste and garbage. There he tracked her down, among the broken and the rotted and the unwanted, be they human or otherwise. The city scrap heap spread over a vast area, fading into the distance. There, children wore faces beyond their years with faded skin and tainted eyes. All aged quickly. None stood more than one step from death’s door.

The aggrieved husband took one look at the runaway wife. She had become a wreck. Denizens of the great rubbish dump called the wrecked woman Shoo-shoo. The disgruntled husband said by now she was too filthy to beat, and too scrawny to sell. He went away grumbling how he wasted his time to find her, and he vowed to rid himself of her memory.

The Shoo-shoo woman too left her past behind. Once, the husband kept a roof over her head, but he gave her no children. The more she complained the more he beat her. The more he beat her the more she complained. He prevented her seeing friends, or even leaving the house without his supervision. She became trapped under the roof he kept over her head. Like a mad man he beat her body. Like a fiend he beat her face. She fled in shame with only her bad luck and the clothes she wore. She left behind everything else, especially his despised name. She vowed she would have nothing in the world if she could not have one or two children to love and a man to treat her kindly. She tried to kill herself, but after failing twice she fled.

And so, they said, to this inglorious scrapheap of dreams she came, where, from amidst the degradation and squalid filth, over the years she gathered a brood of stray urchins. Unbeknownst to her at first she also attracted the creeping attentions of an increasingly conspicuous admirer. The admirer was thwarted in furthering his admirations by the protective swarm of little stomachs on legs that all day and all night surrounded the woman. There was no chance to get close to her without them being there. But the man did not give up his hopes. He occasionally would greet the woman with howdy do, followed by some snippet of news or wisdom.

“Faith is stronger than any obstruction,” said the old man, repeating something he once heard from inside a church as he pilfered offerings in the moonlit graveyard. “But only up to a certain point.”

He was merely trying to impress the old Shoo-shoo woman. The words meant nothing in particular to him he could use for example, but they sounded fine, and were few enough for him to remember. His only wish was that the Shoo-shoo woman would care for him. He sometimes imagined, with no genuine faith or hope, that he might impress her if he had two shoes to wear on the battered bare feet that carried him about, as he shuffled from one place to another through his lousy life. If it were a pair of shoes even better. Though to be sure any two shoes would suffice…

He sang as he wandered his way through the day, “Any slipper or boot would do - in place of a shoe, so long as the Lord is kind enough to send me two.”

Then he gave a furtive look around. Thank goodness there was no witness to his muttering. He did not want his secret desire known. Children mocked him already. And if the old woman became aware of his designs, how would that help? Little faith could he have in all his hopes and dreams combined - whilst ever that old woman was surrounded by the brawling pack of scabby little starving stomachs on legs gathered unto her.

“In the end,” he thought, almost silently, “faith is no more than the smell of reality farting in the face of a broken heart.”

“Farting in the face of a broken heart,” he pursued the thought further, from within his own resources, the third time loudest of all. “Bloody farting in the face of my poor old broken heart.”

Nonetheless, the old man continued to dream forlornly that the grumpy old Shoo-shoo woman would give a damn about him, though she never showed a sign she would. All she cared about were the discarded urchins and orphans she gathered from the human scrap heap where they all served their miserable days. The old man wished the young ones to Hell so he could have a chance with the old woman. Such hopes cost him nothing – considering he had not a penny in the world and, accordingly, he was not surprised when he got his money’s worth.

Pennies and such were the stuff of dreams on the scrapheap. The old man dreamed the children would disappear, just go or die and somehow be gone. He prayed they would no longer come between him and the object of his desire, the Shoo-shoo woman. While he waited for his dreams to come true and for his prayers to be granted, he went to see her, planning to walk by accidentally, wherever she happened to be.

“I am saving every penny I can for the children,” old Shoo-shoo woman told the old man.

“How many pennies do you have saved already?” he asked her with a toothless, too-interested grin.

“Nothing so far,” said the old woman. “But I have this rusted tin pot to put the coins in when I find them.”

And in the night, the woman would sit with the battered metal pot pressed for safekeeping to her empty belly while she hummed a tune to sooth the hungry groaning of the urchins slumbered about her. Without her knowledge, the old man sleeping in a castoff cupboard with no door not far away, dreamed of her and he prayed for fate to tear her free from the clutches of her little ones.

“Shoo-shoo,” she would hiss, like a little self-propelled humpback steam engine, as she puffed and wheezed about the scrapheap by day, scavenging here and foraging there, swishing a greasy stick at the four-legged feral bags of bone and mange that competed with her for scant findings. From time to time she would raise the stick above her head and belt it down on the skull of one of the dogs if it dared menace one of her dear little ones. She was so protective even the swollen-gutted flies seemed to steer clear of the misery-dimmed mischievous midgets that trailed the old woman on her rounds.

The very next day the old woman found some mouldy wheat that she fed to her ravenous brood of foundlings. They gratefully gulped down the stuff, and when it was nearly all gone the old woman shoved the handful that was left around the edges into her own toothless gob.

That night the young ones did not groan with hunger. They soon began to moan with something else, and the old woman too joined in their laments. The chorus of moaning arose in a crescendo of cries and retching, until choking sounds echoed with such loudness across the scrapheap, all who infested the vicinity grew alarmed. By morning the old woman’s whole collection of waifs had perished. Only by the perverse miracle of the young ones’ greedy hunger had the old woman survived because they left such a small share of the poison for her. If the brats left more of the grain for the old woman, she too might have escaped the misery of the scrapheap with them.

News of the tragedy spread beyond the realm and dominion of garbage and trash, reaching the edges of the nearby town, where the hearts of some soft-hearted folk were moved. One so much as donated the loan of a rusted shovel for the digging of a shallow grave for the young unfortunates. The old woman’s admirer was there in his bare feet and rags to see the shovel handed over. He wanted to see they were treated right in death, having been failed in life. He was anguished with guilt that he, with his prayers, brought upon the deaths of the children in such a tragedy.

“Make sure you dig a deep grave pit,” said the generous benefactor. “For it is well known that small ghosts are no less terrifying than large ones. And don’t forget to clean the shovel before you return it. I don’t want any disease carried back into my garden.”

The old admirer grieved for the sufferings of the Shoo-shoo woman in her bleak sorrow. Another sympathetic soul in the town was moved by the tale of the old woman’s sufferings. The sympathetic soul gave up an old pair of derelict boots - partly to console the old woman in her grief, and also partly to get rid of them, for they were no longer of proper use. The old man was sorely envious of those boots. Had he not prayed remorselessly for a pair of footwear? His long connivance with the Gods had gleaned him no reward. Of what sin was he guilty, he wondered, that he should not have a pair of something to put on his feet too?

Thus shod, the old Shoo-shoo woman carried her empty tin pot symbolically in the ragged funeral procession - a procession comprised mainly of four-legged mourners. She followed the youths who dragged along the ground two large burial sacks of dead stomachs and heads with little bony arms and legs sticking out through the tattered holes. And all the way the old crone’s newly acquired over-sized boots squeaked and rattled against the bones of her feet. With each step her black toes stuck their noses out through the torn canvas. Occasionally she gave a disheartened wave of her greasy stick at the dogs sniffing close to the sack of dead young ones.

The old man watched sadly. He shed a tear for the young innocents, with their parts protruding from the sacks. He shed a tear for the old woman crushed by the deaths and not yet returned to what she was. The old man prayed for power to turn back the clock and undo his prayers. But it was hopeless, and he blamed himself, as the old woman shuffled by. Infrequently and with little conviction she made a barely audible and desultory shooing sound that had little effect on the four-legged mourners who surely would not leave the departed for long buried and forgotten.

When the pitiful pit in the scrap heap of rubbish was closed over, and the little bodies put out of sight under the rubble, the old man chose his moment to kick at a dog and to console the old woman in her grief. His instinct was to cheer her up.

“Them’s good shoes,” said the old man, flashing his gums in a quick smile.

He lowered his eyes furtively to harmlessly snatch a glimpse through the torn bodice of rags that partly covered the smooth grey skin of the old woman’s ribs as they heaved with a heavy but frail sigh, for he saw no harm in looking. When she saw his glance divert toward where her dead heart rotted, the old lady was too numbed to feel offence or compliment.

In the brief lull of this unilateral erotic interlude, the old man estimated he stood a better chance with the old woman, now those pesky little stomachs, rest their souls, were gone. Her eyes seemingly looked his way, but blankly, with less of a damn than ever. The old man embraced his hopes with optimism. He enthusiastically licked the greasy dust from his split lips with a dry tongue disturbing the flies attracted by the foam at the edge of his mouth.

“I never seen a pair of footwears so close-up in all my quarter century of years,” he said.

The old woman looked away without reply, her face more leathery and worn-out than the canvas and rubber things on her feet. And the old man wondered, what else might he say? What should he next do, to help improve his chances with her, now the circumstances of her situation had changed more conducive to his advantage?

It was said the old man pursued the woman of his dreams and wore down the distance between them, till she no longer bothered to shoo him away. Perhaps the old saying was true.  Maybe faith is stronger than hindrance. Or, was it his determination? Maybe these things will never be known. Maybe these things never happened. Some said the pair of old ones became devoted friends and they foraged together well, and for a while about the place they got well-known for taking care of child stragglers, a tribe of little lost stomachs on legs. Each of them - the old woman and the old man - blamed themselves for the deaths of the young ones by poisoning long ago. They were bound together in their separate sorrows where no happiness extended. The woman endlessly berated herself for poisoning the young brood, it is believed. The man constantly consoled the old woman, no doubt afraid to confess the guilt he bore by virtue of his terrible prayers. Both would find solace in the other, through their understanding and acceptance of fate and destiny perhaps. They may have each gained a sense of forgiveness permeated from the other’s secret guilt. Some say that after a time the old man died in the old woman’s arms. But some said it was the other way round. Is it possible both stories can be true? One thing is certain. They both died before long, as people do.




A PERFECT DAY FOR A FUNERAL

There is nothing like walking past a graveyard to make you feel alive. To go inside and walk among the dead is a taste of immortality. It’s not all about gravestones and funerals. You don’t have to be morbid about it. The working guys get singing and joking down there, hacking holes in dirt, and tossing the soil up into piles to later fill the occupied graves, and their cheerful labour tells a whole other side to the sadness.

I go to the graveyard a lot, just to watch. One particularly chilly occasion, before I went I rolled a joint of marijuana, flavoured with some heroin granules my flatmate said I could have. It was a good day for it. I was whacked out of my brain before I got to the graveyard - spooking off and on like a Christmas light.

I wondered, why do we farewell the dead, when they are already gone? It was perplexing. A gaggle of grey strangers attracted me to a funeral - the living with nowhere to run, surrounding the dead with nowhere to hide. Grey skies above illuminated all beneath in grey shadows. It was a good day for observing the former living farewelled by the future dead.

Moving respectfully among the mourners at the funeral I saw pinned to the coffin a handwritten note on pink paper stained with purple ink. I imagined the purple writing looked like the squeezed juice of many violets, though I had no way of knowing. Among the mourners was a tall woman in a dainty purple suit. So deeply hued in purple was the cloth, it seemed black in the gloom. She covered her mouth and nose with a lace rag that may have been white but now seemed grey. The same overall greyness tinted her eyes, skin and hair. Her long, ringed fingers were stained violet. She wore a pearl on a violet ribbon round the long, bent, thin stem of her neck. The whole scene was a landscape in grey, with at its centre, her, a captivating splash of deep purple.

The pink note on the coffin mysteriously read something like, “Refusez ce cochon du monde”.

I assumed the words were French or Italian - perhaps a misspelled misquotation, a bit pretentious and portentous, I thought. I scribbled it in my notebook for later reference. As far as funerals go I’d seen it all before. Generic tears almost came to me, as I regarded the simple coffin in which the body was laid, among strangers - if not strangers in life, strangers now. I was relieved a respectable number of people turned up. A lonely funeral seems sad. I don’t know why. I was glad to see these people though they were unknown to me. Who were they? Had they come to say farewell? Had they come purely to be seen to be there? And if to mourn, why did they seem to ignore each other so? Did they know each other so well? Funerals can be a solitary as much as a social occasion. Not all funerals are the same. Were these people members of a family? Were they friends? Did the deceased have any friends? And if not, would the corpse care? Why even ask? It seemed to not matter at all, but I wondered. As I covered a stoned yawn I resisted the swimming sensation rippling through me again after my recent smoke. I had a sobering thought that someday I would take the same journey as the stranger before me in the casket. I thought if I had an inscription on my gravestone I would like it to read something cool. Maybe something along the lines of: Love me not dead with a stone on my head, nor otherwise revere my memory – for, in the end, nothing will do me any good that has not already been done to me.

Thinking like that benefits no-one. It is maudlin, and at worst can be depressive. I realised I was tripping and that is what perhaps steeled me against darker thoughts. I tried to chill out in the cold.

I stepped toward the mourner nearest me. I whispered.

“Who are all these people?”

The vapour of my breath wrapped around her ear. The woman in the purple suit flicked long lashes and fixed a grey gaze my way for the briefest moment. Her eyes turned toward me under partly-lowered lids. Her eyes were as enticing as a partly opened bedroom door as she looked me up and down. Slowly the expression on her face softened. Her voice was soft and worn – as one accustomed to whispering many secrets, I imagine.

“I know them all, but not one of them is anybody,” she said.

I knew what she meant. She gave a slight smile, more on one side of her mouth than the other. It was a disarming shared moment, as though she sensed I was out-of-it. My eyes felt swollen in their sockets and my face  stiff as cake-icing. Remembering the solid zonk of that cocktail I smoked, I am sure it showed.

“I myself have been loved by both the monkey and the organ grinder,” she said softly.

I detected a hint of sadness in her voice. To be frank I was sure she was either off her face too, or a bit psychotic, as many people are if you know the signs.

She whispered under her breath so I could barely hear, “We are all fakes. But this lot are all phoney phoneys. I’m the only genuine phoney of them all.”

As she smiled just for me, I wondered what she took for medication.

Instead I asked, “Why are they here? Why are you here?”

I gestured with an open palm at the scene.

“What do you mean?” she said, staring at me like I was important enough to not ignore.

“Are you here for some reason? Did you have some sort of relationship with the deceased?”

“I barely knew him,” she said coolly, almost inaudibly. “How many of us really know ourselves as well as we think we do; much less one another? I knew of him more than I knew him. It is far easier to know men than it is to know a man. Maybe I’ve known too many, slept with too many, been to too many of their funerals. Brutes! Every last one of them...”

Her breath, giving hint of strong tobacco and menthol, made grey lace tremble in the vicinity of her mouth.

“Perhaps I know you. Do you know me?”

“No,” I said.

“You don’t know me. Then I don’t know you either. Nor do I know of you for that matter. Even worse. So there! Perhaps we had a brief affair, or not. I can’t remember. We have at least that much in common: he and you… and I. Other than that, I suppose, I am here for the same reason that we all are here.”

A number of eyes shifted our way. Whether they were directed at her or me I cannot say. For a moment I felt paranoid. I meet a lot of friendly people in the graveyard. This woman in purple was not the first. Grey shadows from above sank between us. Mourners huddled together to feed on the other’s warmth and significance, though precious little warmth penetrated the grey. All motion and every sound was slow and sombre, ponderous almost, expressing cold reluctance.

Shit, that joint I smoked was a gas! How people face boredom without it I dunno. I watched the mourners who drifted away; they appeared to do so reluctantly. Those who remained did so with a look no less reluctant. The air was alive with reluctance. I loved it, just how a funeral should be. Even the dying leaves as they tumbled from stark branches seemed to stall in mid air with only the icy graveyard below them. Empty cartoon balloons of mist swelled from each mouth. We breathed clouds of condensation, bowing our heads around the little mouth in the ground as it swallowed the coffin slowly lowered on rope by four gruff labourers who reeked of sweat and tobacco. Steam rose softly from the warm dirt in the depths of the grave. The smell of the gravediggers added to it.. Three of the labourers I knew well by sight, the fourth was a new guy I did not think would last long. He was too clean for such labour.

Not a word was spoken much of the time. Long pauses outweighed the Undertaker’s perfunctory solemnity. Stifled coughs were heard while the thick silver fog slowly lowered, ever closer and closer to the ground, and rose again. The Undertaker rubbed leather-skinned hands. He spoke without an upward glance, the seam of his colourless lips as sharp and straight as the crease in his black trouser-pants.

“Would someone wish to say a few final words?”

“The fewer the better too,” grumbled one brute-looking labourer with a blood stained bandage round his head. “I’m freezing here, my boots have holes in them and even the worms in my brain don’t give a damn if I live or die.”

Stepping back out of the way,  further from earshot behind the gathered funeral-goers he scratched a match that rasped and sputtered, like his own voice when he spoke. He lit the remains of a rough-rolled cigarette. Eyes turned hungrily to the brave little flame, as the rough fellow lit the butt he salvaged from a crevice in his coat. Thinned fog wisped about our faces, wrapping around us, so each one for a moment in turn stood briefly cloaked or masked, only to be revealed again by the parting curtain of mist. The labourer’s rusty voice raked through the cold ashes of otherwise seeming silence.

“And some of us only have one ear, so don’t forget, don’t be going on too long,” he grumbled, pointing at the bits of frozen blood clinging to his bandaged head. “For long it won’t be till they find us all frozen here and intern us too alongside this fellow.”

“At least one of us is not feeling the cold,” the grumpy labourer’s nearest companion grumbled.

All eyes stared at the coffin in the grave. I raised my hand sheepishly to gain the Undertaker’s attention. Maybe the sombre scene moved me. Maybe I was just stoned. I felt at least somebody should say a few words.

“Would somebody like to speak?” the Undertaker said, ignoring my gesture.

“Excuse me,” I said. “Excuse me, Sir… Mr Undertaker.”

He turned me a pained grin.

“There must be some mistake,” he said. “There is no undertaker here.”

“I’m sorry. I thought you were the…”

Even as I spoke I saw again his face showed the same pained grin of distaste.

“I am the Funeral Director!” he declared.

Three labourers drifted some distance from their bandaged colleague. They continued to wind up ropes in coils. The fourth, the bandage-capped one, puffed his cigarette butt and spat out specks of tobacco. Of the other three gravediggers, a big fat chap with a broken, squashed nose took a nearby shovel and nudged dirt toward the hole in the ground. Bits of dirt went clomp, clomp onto the coffin below. He slowly separated lumps of stone from the dirt, so as not to bang on the coffin and wake the corpse perhaps. He kept at the lazy task, humming as he did an air so sad it was almost tuneless, while the others watched with wise expressions, each a critic able to discern the weakness in the performance, but unbothered to do better.

A loud spoken voice disturbed the dull scene. It was mine.

“My apologies… I just wanted to say a few words,” I said. “But only if no one else does… I think one of us should.”

I often ponder: what are the most appropriate words for the funeral of a stranger. I sometimes at a funeral have said a few words. Not always did it turn out badly. The purple woman at my side nudged me. In one hand she held a thin leather-bound flask. The Funeral Director gave a pout. He moved his head sombrely, side to side, as though to say: No.

His actual words were, as I recall, “I am afraid these things are not done. Unless… one of the family would like to speak….”

There were no takers. The Funeral Director responded to shaking heads with a click of his tongue. He concluded the proceedings. Among mutters, various ones cast a few flowers to go with each shovelful of dirt into the hole. Slowly they drifted off. Some didn’t go so slowly. One didn’t go at all and I was glad; the woman in the purple suit lingered by the grave. I stood beside her and watched the labourers, breathing deeply for the scent of her warmth as she farewelled one of the departing flock.

The workmen seemed to enjoy watching the crowd disintegrate. And I thought of all I was hearing and seeing. I could not be sure it was real. Or was it just my stoned brain flicking through the coffee table magazine of what surrounded me. The nose-broken hummer among the labourers picked up a rock and wiped it on his ragged trousers and dropped it in the icy grave where it clunked in with the dirt, stones and flowers. Rhythmic shovelling continued, disturbing the dirt and raising odours of stale, damp clay.

“It’s all over now for this lucky guy,” one toiling labourer grunted. “All packed up and finished.”

“Nothing is fucking ever finished, is it?” another shoveler grumbled beneath his breath, muttering out the side of his mouth, while forcing his shovel hard into the pile of wet dirt. “You can’t get a feed or fuck or a feel-up anywhere these days, unless if you pay. You could cut out your heart and nail it to a wall and who gives a fuck? No one gives a hoot, except on payday. They don’t even want to know you exist - not until they can rape you dead in your grave like this; funerals are a form of necrophilia and cannibalism, in the end we’re nothing but victims and purple-traitors.”

“Purple traitors?” I mumbled.

“He said perpetrators,” the woman in purple muttered.

“I warn you,” the erudite gravedigger continued. “Dare die and wait till they find a way to peddle your dead bones in some form. They’d dig your life’s work out of the ground if they could and sell your dead ass into the bargain. That’s one thing you can count on. You can’t count on anybody; friends especially.”

The talkative labouring guy was a failed painter; I knew that from my previous visits to the cemetery. He bragged he was anyway. We all have the right to fail at something. I guess if he said he was a failed painter he was a failed painter. Maybe he failed at other things too. I never saw any of his work other than the holes he dug and filled in at the graveyard. He wiped the back of his hand on his head-bandage.

“I don’t find many friends,” he snickered.

“Friends, like excrement, come out of you,” said the woman in purple. “You don’t find them.”

 Her voice startled me sweetly. I could relate to what she said. At the same time I wondered did she actually speak, or did I simply imagine her voice. Whichever it was, fact or fantasy, the truth was I don’t find friends easily, except for my flatmates. Instead, I watch people closely. You learn more that way, more than you do from listening to them. I always seemed on visits to the graveyard to find someone to have a talk. They may be chatty or withdrawn but you can still squeeze a word out of them. Some of them are extreme; sobbing and howling and all that. That intrigues me. You never know what you get from people when death is round the place. You usually meet at least one talkative soul, too bad if they are a bit nutty.

Or, when you are too stoned and ripped for mixing with people, you can at least sit and watch the working guys. They’re friendly. After the funeral one of the unruly navvies began to sing, as they sometimes did when no one much was round. The songs were usually unrespectable. And strangely he sang to the same air hummed by the fat fellow now leaning on his shovel. It seemed strange anyway. The big guy hummed along melodiously through his squashed up nose and the fourth beat his hand on his thigh, occasionally joining in the chorus. I called them the Graveyard Quartet. The new guy missed singing half the words, but like me did his best. You wouldn’t believe how good they sounded at times unless you heard them. I heard the song before, and I joined softly in the simple chorus…


They’d shackle your shivering bones for a sheckle in a twinkle
An’ peddle your ice-bound soul for a sprinkle of cold piddle,
And all they ever give ya’s fuck-all 

The men sang no further. I thought in view of the presence of the woman in purple, it was considerate. The rest of the song was too filthy for mixed company. My prickly state of mind had me half waiting for the woman in purple to begin singing and take up the third verse herself. I was glad when the eerie graveyard quietness was restored.

“What the hell is a sheckle anyway?” the new guy grumbled.

The woman in purple took a slug and a swig from her flask. She swished it in her mouth side to side before she swallowed. The humming fell silent, and the grumbling labourer spat near his own feet. I watched the show.

“A sheckle?’ one of the mates whined. “Don’t you read? Doesn’t Merchant of Venus mean anything to you?”

By then the smog was clearing, ready to break. Out of the retreating haze a brighter world appeared. A heavy stoned shiver passed through me. Although I could see him, I more sensed the outspoken labourer nearby, due to the odour that came from his way. His odour mixed with that of the dug earth, dirt and dampness all round. Battling against these odours, beside me the woman in purple, her delicate scent warmed my nostrils. I breathed deeply. When our eyes met I smelled only her breath, as she spoke.

“It’s getting colder because the clouds are parting. Soon the sun should break through and make us warm. I need it,” she said.

“It’s always like this for us outdoor labourers,” one of the workmates intoned. “Every workday it’s stinking cold. Have a day off and it’s still stinking cold.”

“Don’t bury me in the freezing cold when I die,” said another. “No thank you. I’ll be nice and warmly cremated thank you very much. Burn me and forget me.”

“Job half done already,” grumbled the one with a badly bandaged head. “Better to be forgotten forever than to be loved and remembered for one day when you’re dead. That is the hugest of insults – when even your rotting carcass and second-hand memories are of more value than you were when you’re breathing and bleating.”

He concluded with a loud lament, “Ah, how worthless is the value of Posthumous Anything?”

Three workers went on their way with their tools and occupational attributes, leaving behind only the big mouth with the bandaged head.

“He’s the trouble maker. You can tell,” the woman in purple whispered. “Of course, sometimes the ugly troublemaker is much loved by many people – but only after he dies. They avoid him when he is alive. Can you imagine his filthy hands on your naked body? Not to mention to be invaded by him in his clumsy urgent, desperation. Oh God, how horrendously despicable. My skin crawls at the thought!”

She slipped her flask from somewhere and raised it to purple-hued lips. She took a slug, and I stared in wonder…

“Don’t worry it’s not booze, Darling; it’s morphine,” she quipped. “I need it.”

I thought if she offers me some, I would try it.

And then she started talking again, “That’s what brutes do to you... I’ve had worse, whether I knew it or not at the time… You should see the dreams I have… even still….”

 I was puzzled.

She gave me a glance and she shrugged, “You may think I have no shame. Perhaps! But, you imagine it: to be seized in the clasp of those filthy, brute hands with those rough eyes invading you, and to be captured on canvas, trapped by his starved, foul-breathed imagination… and like an insect swallowed whole and squeezed out in the painted excrement of his brush strokes. That was then; the smell of him and the taste of his mouth are less strong now. I am not sure it was so nice at the time. It might have been. I forget the worst of it. I was young, probably drugged and drunk and happy. You do anything when you’re happy, don’t you? And when you’re unhappy, who cares?”

She spat on the ground. I felt relief to see her spit did not desecrate the grave dirt. The remaining labourer watched the woman in purple too. The last strands of mist drifted between us and masked her face. Her words seemed to come from far away.

“The one I speak of was a troublemaker in his time,” she said, “Poor thing. They say at times he was so hungry, for both food and love, and for recognition, he would have eaten a woman’s shit to see one of his works admired. Now you have to fight through crowds to see the content of his discontent rotting on a gallery wall, the crazy canvases smeared with creative excrement.”

“You talk about excrement a lot, lady,” the fat labourer with the squashed nose interjected.

Ignoring my presence, with eyes only for her he said, “And true enough too I suppose, lady; excrement is a word, and you have every right to use it, if it’s true. Not that it’s any of my business… but you don’t seem to be keeping it a secret.”

The purple lady looked impatiently over her shoulder at the big guy. He winked at her and she looked away without a word.

He wiped his nose on the heel of his hand and greased the shovel handle. He gave a wry gummy grin, with a dull twinkle in his eye. He spat again, and said, “That’s a fine example of my work.”

 It was hard to tell by a fine example of his work whether he meant the grave in the ground; or his phlegm in the mud; or the stained wood of the shovel handle. The sky cleared on the almost deserted fresh grave. Sunlight struggled then speared through dispersing clouds. Shivering mourners in the distance followed the dark clouds away. The woman in purple slumped on a nearby stone. She squinted in the now bright sunlight with one hand on her hip.

She said, “I can’t go on.”

“That’s what I’m here for,” said the squashed nosed labourer, several paces behind.

In the cold sunshine the woman’s suit was brighter purple than before, only seeming black in its own shadows. Her skin was not grey in the sun, rather pale with colour enough to look deadly rather than deathly. She unbuttoned her coat. I admired a glimpse of pale flesh under a revelation of tightly stretched sheer purple silk and dark lace discernible beneath the silk. She took from her purse a pair of jet-black sunglasses and placed them on her face, concealing her most private parts. Then she turned to the large workman.

“What are you hanging round for?” she asked.

The labourer smiled, showing stained and broken teeth. He gave his bandaged scalp a scratch.

“Someone has to dig you a hole, lady,” he said. “That’s what happens when you can’t go on.”

“Don’t be ridiculous. Do you think I am going to sit here and die?” she scoffed. “God no! I have a long way to go, yet. My husband's car will pick me up soon.”

She turned quickly back to me, her skin smooth in the warm sunlight, as she muttered, looking briefly at the grave, “That’s right, eh pal?”

“Anyway,” she drawled, staring, “What are you doing here?”

I didn’t get time to reply; I was lost in trying to interpret the look in her eyes.

She said, “Are you sure we haven’t, you know, had an affair or a short fling sometime? I’m not as old as I look. How old are you? It’s all these wrinkles. I lost a lot of weight. Too many drugs when I was young. Can’t get enough now.”

Again without allowing me to reply she turned to the labourer and said, “You know I’ve been with a lot of men in my life. My husbands hated me saying it, but it’s true. I’ve been faithful to them most of the time, but they even complained about the ones before I met them. All men are brutes. They’re excrement. I should know.”

She lit a cigarette and drew hard on it. Her purple covered breasts heaved to take the smoke deep in her and her chin tilted upward. The motion stretched her throat clear of her collar like an arm emerging from a sleeve. The sunlight had bleached away any wrinkles she had as well as I could see. But I was so stoned by now I could no longer swallow and when I tried to speak a squeak was all I uttered. I tried to centre myself, to focus. All I could see was purple.

While she smoked she said, “Well, aren’t you going to answer my question?”

When I told her I had no clue what she was talking about, she repeated the question.

I answered, “I just joined in the crowd, that’s all. Nothing special…”

She stared at me and said, “You wanna toke, big boy?”

“Sure.”

 Like I said, you usually find someone interesting to hang out with at the graveyard. Even with eyes hidden behind shades, her face displayed a cavalcade of emotions, expressions and innuendo as she rattled on. She turned her back on me and I could still see her eyes.

“Why don’t you go away?” she asked the labourer.

The big guy chuckled and rubbed his squashed nose on his sleeve, twisting the shovel handle so the blade disturbed the dirt.

“I have to wait for you to leave before I can lock the gate. But take your time. It’s your day. I’m getting paid overtime. I don’t mind.”

“He’s right - though I hate to say it,” said the woman in purple. “We ought to go.”

She and I finished the loaded cigarette and as we passed it she stroked my hand. Mild hallucinations warped my sense of space and time. I snubbed the big gravedigger now. The effects of my earlier smoke were disturbed by this one now; I was double-stoned and triple-stoned and intoxicated by the closeness of the purple wrapped woman. The touch of her hand sent my head spinning and blood rushing low. My mind was sucking the energy out of my body. The woman dressed in purple felt like ice, even in the chill of the day. Deep under the skin of her hands I could discern the two colours of blood going in different directions. Her skin was as thin and clear as a smear of water. I flinched at the cold touch of her violet-tinged fingers.

“Don’t panic,” she said. “I won’t bite you. But you’d bleed if I did.”

As we turned to go she waved elegantly to the grave and chirped in a put-on voice, “So long, pal.”

I waved weakly and gave a nod of my head toward the dirt of the grave. The labourer stayed behind and I waved to him. I’d seen him many times before and I’d see him again. He winked as I went, leering at my purple companion. I had no idea what he thought was going on, but I was getting ideas for myself. The longer I was with her the more I felt I knew her from before, long ago and maybe somewhere in the future. It was a strong feeling that came upon me as her fingers wrapped round the sleeve of my jacket. The woman in purple laughed and clung to my arm, rubbing her face against mine a bit as she did, and she giggled again. It hurt my neck as I twisted my face to look at her, trying to figure her out. Her perfume was a life-giving vapour.

“Don’t worry, I’m totally sexless,” she said.” Don’t be fooled by the way I act and talk. I just talk this way because I always did. My husbands all seemed to like it, unless I talked to anyone else. I do other voices, but they’re all the same. They’re just different sorts of loud.”

She laughed again and let go my sleeve. I was digging her weird talk.

“Do you have many women? I hope you do. You quiet ones are the ones to watch, but you miss out all the time,” she said. “Were any of your women the same as me? How would you know, it’s not fair.  I think you’re too young for me. It would be like going to school again for you. You would fall asleep.”

“How can you be so sure?” I said. “You might be surprised.”

“Surprised? Me? Me surprised? That’s a laugh,” she totally dismissed the idea. “In your dreams, Baby… I haven’t had a surprise in God-knows how many years. I see it in your face. I’m not really sure I want you to want me. You can’t yet accept the fact that you do want me. I can see you still thinking about it, Silly boy. You could not possibly have the faintest clue. I see it in your eyes. Don’t try to lie. That’s the only trick that never worked with me. Lies… Huh… fucking lies!”

She slowed to light up another of her heavy tasting cigarettes. She gave me a puff on it as we walked along. It lifted me as I brushed her violet-tinged fingers and she told me don’t be cheeky. Luckily the smoke was less strong than the one before, or its effects were simply overflow; still it lifted me again. I could hardly suck it as I hurried to keep pace with her when she broke back into stride.

She said over her shoulder, “My husband's car will be here. Sorry I can’t give you a lift.”

 I was glad the walk was short and downhill. It was hard to keep up with those long skinny legs of hers. The cheeks of her backside weren’t big but they gave a good show of themselves, pounding along. She looked beautiful from behind. When she turned to smile good-bye, more years melted off her face. A big dark blue car moved nearby and drew to the kerb beside us. She handed me the drug-laced cigarette to finish. She seemed for an instant about to say something, but she didn’t. It was a practiced look, I felt.

I had a powerful inkling, seeing that look on her face as she licked her lips. It was the feeling I had definitely seen her some other time. I was sure, maybe something in the news, a celebrity a little time ago, perhaps. Wasn’t it to do with that big scandal - all the big shots and stuff?

She smiled still, as she curled backward into the back seat of her husband's car, drawing her long legs in behind her slowly. A tattoo on her ankle showed under the stocking. She wound the window down before the door closed.

“I hope you enjoyed my husband’s funeral as much as I did,” she smiled.




GHOSTS DON’T KNOCK


I did not like Mozo QC at all, sometimes I wondered if he was real. He once confided to me that the QC stood for Queen’s Council. Like a garbage man? I said. In a way he kind of chuckled but the look on his face confused me.

Mozo was for sure, a real queer guy. The first time I told him I was terrorised by dreams of a fire-breathing monster, he laughed. How’s that for a useless response.

Mozo’s clothes smelled stale as old farts scented with women’s perfume. I did not trust him. But who else could I go to. I never went anywhere. In fact I did not go to Mozo at all; he came to me on one of his regular visits doing my father’s dirty work.

Dreams of the fire-breathing dragon haunted me for years. The ghastly creature was as big as a Shetland pony and in my dreams spurted flames from his nostrils. He reminded me of my mother’s sister, my crazy Aunt Madagetha. She in turn reminded me of my mother. I suffered in my dreams. I was terrorised by a beast more vicious than my mother and my Aunt combined, and more masculine than either of them both with my father’s head thrown in for good measure. In reality the beast dwelt on the other side of my backyard fence. I never saw the beast breathe fire in real life - but if I did I would not have been surprised.

In true life the actual real live beast next door terrorised me no less than did the fiendish monster of my dreams. To me they were one.

When I told old Mozo, he simply said, “Don’t be so silly. The dog is on a chain and he cannot bother you.”

“He already does bother me… very much!” I cried.

Mozo merely said, “Tsk tsk.”

How could I trust such a fellow who gave me no sympathy in my hardship and disregarded my mortal fears? I hated Mozo for that.

When after many years of suffering, listening to the fiend behind the fence growling whenever I was in my own backyard, and once having him almost devour my head when I peered over the fence one time, I finally told the cops about the fire-breathing dog.

The cops could not have been less interested. They were concerned only with the mysterious disappearance of a person I never heard of.

How would I find time to commit a complicated crime? It’s ridiculous. I am busy enough without that. The detectives did not tell me what they were investigating, but it was certainly something serious. People say bad luck comes in threes. That’s true.

There were three cops. The grumpier two were dressed in coats and ties like Mozo and my father always did, but more shabbily. Not that I ever saw my father anymore, but I remembered him.

The suit-clad cops were a big young one and a fat old one, the third of the trio wore the common blue uniform, with a pistol and other intriguing items strapped round his hips. I stared at the jiggling decorations dangling from the blue cop’s belt. I was mesmerised like a child by the walking blue Christmas tree, especially by the handcuffs that were folded and clipped tight in a wallet-like fob. Ever since a kid I wanted to be a cop.

The gun appealed to me. I fantasised what I could do with it. Certainly I’d put up with nobody’s bullshit, that’s for sure, with such a ghetto-blaster to shove in any bastard’s face who got up my nose, as Mozo would put it. Who knows, I may be someday. A cop, that is. That’s official, according to Mozo’s legal opinion. When I discussed my ambitions with my father’s lawyer, old Mozo said he did not wish to give me false hope.

I said, “I want false hope.”

Mozo looked at me sadly. For a moment he looked like the lawyer he is, the Honourable Albert Mosley QC.

Mozo said, “Very well, then, my boy, who knows, some day you may well be a police officer.”

I corrected him.

“You mean a cop.”

I did not like Mozo even when he was being friendly. It gave him an air of superiority. My father used to say QC stands for Queer Cunt. That’s how my father talked. My father is the richest man in the World. That is the only good thing about him, and it brings out the worst in him.

It seems when the cops came to my door the reason was because some neighbour made an anonymous call to the crime-stoppers hotline. They alerted the police to what the cops called my strange behaviour. I told them they should speak to Mozo, he’s a queer cunt, just ask my father – he should know, he’s the richest man in the World. The cops told me to shut up and start talking. That is how cops talk. Really dumb. Start talking? I already was talking and it made me mad, and I said so. The cops asked what made me angry, did I have something to hide.

Of course I had something to hide but I was saying nothing about that. Mozo warned me to never breathe a word to anyone about the big secret and I never will.

I forget what I said to the cops but they soon grew tired of it. The fact is I have terrible neighbours, especially the Psycho next door.

I cannot explain the situation adequately. It was certainly something serious they had in mind, bugging me like that, like I was some criminal suspect in an investigation. They went on about it. Where was I on so-and-so? Did I go this place or that place? What was I doing with all the porn magazines? I said blame Mozo for that, although Mozo only got me the magazines because I begged him to.

The cops eventually made it clear they were investigating a disappearing person and they suspected me of the ‘abduction’. How the cops got the idea I could abduct someone I don’t know.

When they first banged on my front door I peeped through the curtain and I saw them. I ran and hid under the bed. They said that was suspicious. I don’t know why. Where else could I hide?

No one normally visits me much. People sometimes knock on my door. I know it is people and not ghosts. Ghosts don’t knock. They just walk through walls. Just to be sure, I peep through the curtains. I see a human but I pretend the house is deserted.

I never answer. If they persist I yell out, “I’m not here.  Go away.”

When Mozo sometimes comes he refuses to go away. He talks to me through the door, before he goes round and comes in the back. When I hide under my bed, he sits with his little fat bottom on the edge and talks to me as though I am there, like he has nothing better to do.
He says, “I know you are listening.”

He’s wrong. He tells me many things and I lay under the bed hoping he will go away, listening to his voice, trying to ignore whatever he says. It is nice to hear his voice. He has a soft, kind voice. But I take no notice of what he says.

I think he does the same with me, mostly.

He usually ignores my requests and he says, “That is not appropriate. “

Mozo is the one who pays all the bills and does business things I do not care about. Otherwise I would have to go and live back under the bridge. I like the bridge. When the trains roar riotously overhead they make such a noise I am ecstatic, and the ground beneath me shudders. But it is cold there sometimes and wet when the rain whooshes through in blizzards. And I got hungry. So I went thieving food. Otherwise they would never have caught me.

As well as Mozo a woman comes to my house too, every day. An ugly, old woman about 30 she smells different every time, more like a man than Mozo, probably on account of the hard work she does. It depends what she has been eating. She rubs herself with smelly creams. On her face and hands all day, and many places besides I imagine. She talks to me about her children who she says never had the advantages I have. I don’t care about all that. But I do listen when she tells me about the food parcels she leaves for me in the “fridge”.

I correct her and say, “It’s a refrigerator.”

Her name is Mrs Bickley. I always called her Mrs Big Bottom. She walks by the bed this way and that. I look up her short dress and play with my stiffy.

“Don’t do that!” she says.

“Why not it’s mine,” I tell her.

Sometimes I say I will stop if she does it for me.

“You wish!” she says with an angry voice.

She’s right about that, my hand sure gets tired after a while. Mrs Bickley takes away my clothes and leaves fresh clean ones. I threw them out the backyard a few times because I don’t like things.

She said if I do it again she will put rat-poison in my milkshake… so I don’t do it anymore. She makes me a milkshake and leaves it when she goes. It tastes so sweet. I like to imagine she squeezes the milk out of her own titties. Once a week at least, sometimes more, she always fills the bath with warm water. I hope she will take off her clothes to have a bath, but she never does. If she did I would go and watch her because she has big titties and I think it would be the finest fun to see them in real life, not just my dreams. My titties are very small and boring. Once I gave one of hers a feel but she went mad and said if I ever did that again she would tell my father. That spelled the end of my further plans.

She also gets angry while she is bathing me when I fart in the water. That’s why I do it. She has a beautiful face with a big scar. I asked her what happened to her face and she cried. I tell her it looks nice. Then she cries more. I love to watch her cry. I said I wish I had a scar like that and asked if I could touch it but she cried again and said, “No.”

It was a lie anyway. I only tell her she looks beautiful because I like to watch her cry. When she leaves I look in the mirror and try to copy her, crying like a big booby. It feels swell.

The cops came in the night when Mrs Big Bottom was not there.

I refused to open the door for them. I saw them when I pulled the curtain aside just far enough to see through. The first shock was an ugly huge nose close to the window with such hairy nostrils the idiot had to breathe through his mouth, and then… I noticed this giant eye with red veins staring at me through glass. I was alarmed as a man in a submarine might be upon encountering a giant squid in the depths of the ocean. I was flabbergasted. For a moment I froze. I heard a deep scary voice from the other side.

“Hello-o-o-o…” it said, ominously.

I let the curtain edge fall back into place, and I fled to safety and dived under my bed. They simply walked round the path and came in the back door. I never lock it because I am scared to lock myself out. And I have long ago lost the key. I am the only one who had ever used the back door except for Mozo and Mrs Big Bottom – that is until the moment I heard the cops come stamping in through the house.

“The bastard is in here somewhere,” said one cop, and I started laughing for some unknown reason.

The cops dragged me out from under the bed and they tried to introduce themselves.

I interrupted and said, “I know who you are…”

They seemed surprised.

I said, “You’re somebody else.”

They shook their heads and ignored that and proceeded to inform me of their business.

“Where were you that night?” they asked. It was a simple question.

“Nowhere,” I said.

They insisted on more information, not very politely either. The answer is I sit in the dark most nights thinking in the absence of the TV which I threw out in the backyard the day it was delivered by Mozo’s henchmen in a delivery truck. The night is my favourite time. The growing shadows I find interesting, with the gradual-changing shape of things. I watch out the back window too at the sky darkening. I like dark things and loneliness. The apparent motion of time intrigues me. When the cops asked what else I do with my time I was at a loss. The cops were full of trick questions. It was an arduous task to satisfy their curiosity - more hopeless than arduous in fact.

My efforts to elaborate basically made them impatient and increased their suspicions. I tried and tried but in the end I remained unable to explain.

When they complained and accused me of the abduction of some kid in the neighbourhood, I said, “I would not hurt a fly.”

The big fat cop sneered, “Don’t act dumb.”

The blue cop muttered to his bosses, “This guy reminds me of Psycho.”

The fat guy stripped off his coat like he meant business.

His belly hung over his pants like a giant human muffin. His backside was huge. I am sure if he sat on a toilet the whole thing would disintegrate under his weight. What a bum. Cops are all bums, my father says and he is never wrong. Talking about everybody he says they are all bums, everyone except himself.

“Oh-ho…” I gave a chilling laugh to the cops. “The Psycho! Yeah-eah-heah-h-h! I’ve seen the Psycho.”

The cops looked at each other instead of me. It lent me a moment of short-lived peace. I was tired of their eyes which had weighed upon me dreadfully the whole time until then.

“He lives next door,” I said, “Him and the fire-breathing dragon.”

I had often spied over the bad neighbour’s fence and seen the monstrous dog digging up bones in the backyard next door, small bones at first, just one or two, then a longer one wearing a little dirty white shoe. The monster of a dog had escaped off his chain. The Psycho later went crazy and he burst out his back door and flogged the beast. That pleased me. I would do it myself if I had the chance, because one night in the past when I fell over the fence while stealing fruit off the Psycho’s peach tree, the dog attacked me.

The night of my botched peach-robbery I waited till the Psycho drove off somewhere in his car. I think he went to murder someone, but maybe not. The peaches were a little out of reach and when I slipped I had no other way to save myself except to fall. Luckily because I am tired of banging my head on the branches I wore my bicycle helmet, and because of the helmet I did not knock myself out on the ground when I fell from the fence top into my neighbour’s yard.

The helmet was one I had a habit to wear round the house sometimes because I felt it was a sign of importance. I think it was the only thing Mozo ever got me that I wanted. That and the porn magazines with women’s whoppie-doos all pulled open to see inside and titties as big as cantaloupes, and men with stiffies going in and out everywhere.

From my window I had seen people on bicycles ride by in the street and they impressed me. I was not interested in the bicycle, just the helmet. I often admired the look of myself in the bathroom mirror with the helmet on my head. I think the helmet in fact saved my life and I was very sad to eventually lose it, like losing an old friend.

Okay. I was clinging to the fence top, leaning out, stretching my arm to grab the ripest fruit; then it happened. The giant dog with foaming tusks and fire blazing from mad eyes barked and jumped at me. He jerked on his chain, roaring and ripping with huge sharp, golden fangs at the air between us, hurling his body against the fence so forcefully it shook me off balance. The chain round the dragon’s neck ripped out chunks of fur and blood. I noticed that while I was airborne. Then the ground hit me like a flyswatter in the Psycho neighbour’s yard among fallen peaches. The beast swooped. The ravenous demon pounced on me immediately I hit the ground, gnashing with ferocious teeth and strings of saliva splattering all over his face. His fangs sank into the soft foam helmet and the violent jerk of the strap under my chin almost dislocated me. I sprang to my feet, trying to pull my head free of the monster’s jaws, and he ripped the bicycle helmet off my head in pieces and he bit my arm and leg a couple of times as I jumped over the fence, clambering to get away before I was eaten alive, and before the Psycho came home and buried me in his backyard with the other ones. My arm was bleeding with nerves hanging out and I could see into the bone. After that the Psycho hammered up extra sheets of metal above his fence so I could no longer get the peaches. I have no idea what he did with my bicycle helmet, unless the big dog might have eaten it.

It took a long time before the dog-bites healed and Mrs Big Bottom was amazed when she saw them. At first I refused to undress for her and sat screaming from the pain in the bath of warm bloodstained water fully-clothed to hide my wounds. She made me undress. It was worse being naked, with all the bites to be seen, not just the rips in my arm flesh. I told her a dog had bitten me. It was useless to pretend otherwise. The teeth-marks were obvious.

When she saw them she just went, “S-s-s-s-s-s-s……”

I said, “You’re not kidding.”

But I did not mention the peaches, or the dog chained to the peach tree next door or the Psycho or my bicycle helmet, and she simply put stuff on the bites and bandaged them up. And then she took me to the doctor for a “tetanus jab”. She said if I died of tetanus it would be a lot less trouble, except then she would have no job. And the bites went away. If Mrs Big Bottom told Mozo, he never mentioned the subject to me. And I was too scared to say anything should Mozo tell my father and they would send me back to the madhouse. I would have rather died of tetanus. Only one thing scared me more than the madhouse, and that was on the end of the dog-chain next door.

Trying to explain all this old news to the cops was a waste of time. They were interested only to pester me with questions. I sensed they were trying to trick me into admitting I knew more than I was letting on.

The cops insisted I accompany them into my backyard.

“To have a look around,” they said.

I said, “I’ve seen it before.”

Still they insisted I go too. They wanted to search the backyard shed, which I normally avoided entirely, because I was sure ghosts gather there for shelter on windy nights. I often heard ghosts howling and banging on the metal walls. That is what ghosts do as far as I know. I suspected the ghosts had some association with the Psycho too. On windy nights I rarely had a moment of peaceful sleep in those days.

I told the cops the shed was locked. They soon found I lied. They stared at me accusingly. They discovered nothing there but the smashed TV set and piles of boxes of junk. With the two grumpy cops busily occupied searching through the boxes, I whispered to the third cop in blue that I would like to wear the handcuffs he had.

He grunted, “Not yet!”

It gave me something to look forward to while the other cops went about closely inspecting the contents of the boxes – mainly things that I had previously thrown out the back door. They were dumped there over the years by Mrs Big Bottom after she gathered them up round the yard. The blue cop merely folded his arms and watched me the whole time, and I watched him just as closely with a cunning smile. I did not know what he was thinking, but I knew what I was thinking.

I quietly asked the blue cop if I could have a go of his pistol.

The less fat cop overheard me and he asked, “Why?”

I said I wanted to shoot the giant dog next door.

The three cops all spoke at the same time, “Are you crazy?”

I just smiled. I don’t know what gave them that idea. All I could think of was to go Pow! And that big monster dog would not know what hit him.

The old fat cop was sweating and huffing and puffing. When he bent over, his shirt tail popped out of his trousers. I could see his bum. My eyes popped nearly out of my head looking at the size of his backside. After seeing that - Mrs Bickley would never again be Mrs Big Bottom for me! She was like a mouse compared to the cop. Honestly, I think he was a half-caste elephant. I was frightened if he farted it might blow my brains out. I tried to edge toward the door but the blue cop stood in my way. The other two cops removed their coats and made the blue cop hold them. I saw now the grumpy cops wore guns also. The old cop had his in a brown holster strapped on his shoulder and the other wore his on his pants-belt.

That is when I got really stewed up. I felt surrounded by a gang of gunslingers who might any moment turn on me and fill me full of lead.

“What the fuck is this?”

They held up something I had never seen before. It came in a box the year Mozo stopped bringing me birthday presents and I never opened it. I just threw it out the backdoor and Mrs Bickley put it in the shed. That was the nature of my ordeal in the shed every minute with the three gunmen, the big one sweating till his shirt was saturated and the young one violently flinging everything out of the boxes into a pile and spouting foul language. They asked me about one thing after another, and I told them I did not know. One thing worried me more than the mass of bum protruding further from the big guy’s pants. That was the sight of the angry cops' guns. I was petrified they might shoot me, they were so agitated. My legs were shaking too much to run away. The cops were irate.

“This is a fucking waste of time.”

“There’s nothing here.”

“What a load of bullshit.”

I began to hope they might find something to please them.

I stuttered under my breath to the blue cop, “They won’t shoot me, will they?”

“Don’t tempt them,” grunted the blue cop.

I felt sure they might easily shoot me whether I tempted them or not. Accidentally I was unable to not wee myself. The fat cop stared at the wet floor round my foot, then at my wet pants and then at me. I don’t know what made his eyes go like that – a sort of disgust and hatred melange sprinkled with repugnance.

Without warning the metal-door of the shed flung open behind me… Kapow! A little bit of poo popped out into my pants in fright at the sudden clamour. Both the angry cops stooped over the boxes of rubbish suddenly stared beyond me with terror toward the door!

My instantaneous thought was, Argh-h-h No!

If they were scared… what dreadfulness had appeared?

I imagined the fire-breathing dog, or worse… the Psycho…

The light around me began to flicker, the air thinned and I felt myself swoon.

“What the Hell is going on here?” in my semi-conscious haze I dreamed I heard Mozo’s voice.

The sweet sound was soft and calm as always, behind me.

I fell down, not on purpose. It was the fault of my legs. Everything was dark, except for the light shining in my eyes.

I heard the melodious voice of my beloved Mozo, talking to someone I did not know was there.

“I have three of your men here. This is totally unacceptable,” Mozo said. “The line has been crossed… ”

Mozo sounded very unhappy… but not with me. The anger was obvious in his softly serious and calm way nonetheless. I looked around from where I lay and saw Mozo speaking on the tiny telephone he carried in his pocket. The blue cop carelessly helped me to my feet. The other two were desperately struggling back into their coats again with red faces as though they were ashamed to have been caught so naked. They were apologising to Mozo, calling him Mr Mosley all the time and saying they were just doing their job Mr Mosley.

Mozo put away his phone. He gave a lecture to the cops, in his soft sneering voice but it was scary. I felt sorry for the cops. They said they would clean up the mess immediately, Mr Mosley.

Mozo told them to forget it, it was nothing compared to the mess they were in. He asked them if they had informed me of my rights. Mozo called them bumbling idiots and things like that. He told them they were harassing his client and they would regret this day for the remainder of their careers. I felt sorry for them. I wondered who was Mozo’s client? The cops appeared confused too. The fat one seemed to be almost crying, and Mozo said to me, “Oh my God, Lachlan, you have soiled yourself. Are you alright?”

I said, “They were going to shoot me.”

“Nobody is going to shoot you. I’ll call Mrs Bickley,” Mozo said, and he did right away while the cops stood there dumbstruck, and I felt a little better, but not much.

Then Mozo said calmly to the cops, “Now get out of here, you lot.”

They did.

It was like they could not escape quickly enough almost falling over each other to be first out the doorway. They reminded me of the time I made my getaway from the Psycho’s dog. If there was a fence instead of a doorway I am sure they would have jumped it, except the one who was too fat.

He would be a goner.

I whispered to Mozo, “Where’s your gun?”

He ignored my question. But after that, I always had a different respect for old Mozo, the little pink-faced man with his round glasses perched on his swollen blue nose and the curl of white hair on his almost bald head. Tougher than three giant cops was tiny Mozo. It confused me, but good confusion.

Mrs Bickley soon came. But while we waited for her, Mozo had me tell him what the cops said to me, and what I told the cops.

Now and then he interrupted my account of the episode, saying, “Less detail, Lachlan. What happened then?”

I am not sure he was interested but he just sat listening. He seemed to rapidly lose interest in the cops and the handcuffs and all that. And I certainly did not mention the peaches and all that. But I could not resist telling him about my great happiness when in the old days, I saw the dragon dig up the bones next door and the Psycho flogged the big dog till it bled from the brains and did poo all over itself, and the Psycho madly buried the bones and the shoe back in the ground.

Mozo listened with his mouth sagging slightly open more as my story went on.

Anytime I finished what I had to say, Mozo would say either, “Are you totally sure that is true, Lachlan, you really saw that… in real life – or, what happened then?”

Mozo drove me mad. I was exhausted. In the end I had enough of his poking and prying. He was worse than the cops in a way I felt.

Finally I said, “And then you came. That’s all! Can I stop now? Your ears have worn my voice out…”

The only genuine interest Mozo showed was about the shoe and the bones dug up by the big dog, and where the Psycho buried the first one. Mozo raised his eyebrows and asked what colour was the shoe.

I said impatiently, “I already told you.”

And Mozo said, “Tell me again.”

It disappointed me he showed so little interest in my concerns about the fire-breathing dog of my nightmares. Then Mrs Bickley came and Mozo left and she gave me a bath when he was gone. This time I did not fart in the water. I think all my farts were frightened out of me already. I had lived through the third most frightening moment of my life… except for the time I was attacked by the fire-breathing dog… and except for the time when I was in the madhouse and the terrible thing happened that is my deepest secret which made me run away and live under the railway bridge.

That night, after Mozo left and Mrs Big Bottom locked me in my bedroom, I slept under my bed with the room-light on all night. Mrs Big Bottom let me out in the morning and I was not sure if she stayed the night or went home and came back. My brain was rapidly filling up with things I did not know. Each day after that she locked me in my room at night then let me out in the morning. I felt like I was in gaol. My only regret is she did not put handcuffs on me too.

And it was less than a week later that the cops came again. But this time there were only two cops and they were not men. This time Mozo came with them and so did Mrs Bickley. One of the lady cops was as ugly as a man and sounded like one too when she spoke. Maybe she was a man in disguise, like an undercover cop or some espionage spy.

It was time to be careful what I said. The other lady cop pretended to be nice but she did not fool me. She smelled like a liar. They made me sit on a chair. Mozo sat quietly on a chair alongside me and I heard the monster next door barking like the Devil. Voices shouted out the back of the house and next door. The sound of metal crashing and all the banging and footsteps rushing, and the shouting made me shake all over and my feet started dancing by themselves, like they were gone crazy. Mrs Bickley squeezed my shoulder and I farted. I am glad no lumps came out with it. A man’s voice was screaming while others shouted loudly and I heard a big smash of glass. I recognised the screaming voice.

It was the Psycho next door. But one thing scared me stiff - so much my legs stopped shaking. That was the blood-chilling growl and roaring bark of the beast. I never heard a sound so loud except for the noise of trains going over my head on the railway bridge many years ago. Then there was a huge Bang!

In fact it was not so much a Bang! More of an echoing Blammo! Louder even than that. It was an explosion. It made me and everyone in the room jump, even the ugly lady cop. Everyone jumped as though shaken by an earthquake… everyone except Mozo.

And with the sound of the explosion the barking stopped instantly. I saw Mozo calmly check the time on his watch, and he leaned close to me and he winked.

“I guess that’s the end of your fire-breathing monster,” he whispered with a private little smile just for me.

And I smiled to him, exactly the same - like for the first time in my life I truly had an equal and a friend. It was the first real conversation we ever had, man to man, and the only words spoken were those when he said - I guess that’s the end of your fire-breathing monster.

It made me proud of him. I wished at that moment Mozo was my real father. And I wondered if perhaps he secretly was.

Soon it was all over. The cop with the backside like an elephant came into my house. With a big grovelling grin he told Mozo it was “all done and dusted, Mr Mosley. No problems”… and the “little job” taken care of.

The cop said proudly, “I did it myself.” And from the conversation among Mozo and the lady cops and the fat old cop, it was clear the cops had not come to get me this time…

They came to get the Psycho.




BLACK DOTS ON A SUNNY DAY


Far from the wartime danger of the big city filled with peacekeepers armed to the teeth and suicide bombers loaded with diazepam, the new district surgeon hurried on his way to perform a highly confidential and dangerous procedure, a delicate and dirty business indeed. Worthy neighbours and strangers alike delayed the surgeon only briefly as he passed through the village. Word passed round he had been seen at morning prayer and his leather satchel showed he was on official business. The secret purpose of his business: a politically sensitive abortion, a matter part mission of mercy and part murder in the eyes of many, an illegal and sinful act that gave him no pleasure, as one way or another the patient's life hung in the balance. The surgeon steeled himself to the suffering of his patients and the boredom of his remote posting with daily self medication, another of life's illegal and sinful necessities. He avoided worrying about the risk of the operation he was to perform, and likewise the possible complications medically and legally. He distracted his mind with stimulating daydreams of his beloved.

Being a big shot from the city endowed the district surgeon with social advantage, even among the high-class provincial peasantry. Locals soon discovered this new district surgeon was a fast worker. This afternoon he would advance his marriage plans and see his beloved's face for the first time. He strode manfully with his toolbag down a mortar-pocked dirt stretch of the old highway where in passing he ruefully paid respect to mounds of staling, shallow graves. Nearby a gang of local boys enjoyed themselves in the sunshine. Laughing together on an ancient stone wall the youngsters watched a young beef animal beneath them. The calf struggled with rope-bound legs; the screeching creature's eyes bulging in all directions. The young animal squealed with human-like terror while hard-working hired help nicked open the scrotum, flicked out the balls and severed the tubes. Immediately the young animal forgot he had been cut as with a scorching hiss the landowner’s branding iron burned panic into his soft hide.

To the surgeon the daily events of the quaint locality were a cultural novelty. He did not belong and could never belong in such a backward environment. He gained merit by taking the remote posting. Merit was worth more than real money in business and professional terms. Eventually ambition would move him on to fresher, more lush pastures. This remote posting was a temporary arrangement. His intended fiancée was daughter of the local great man, head of an ancient family and landlord of all round. The proposed marriage was an upward step for the young surgeon. He had dreams of a prosperous future. As he passed close to the stone stock pen he shielded his mouth and nose from the dust and the smell of animals. Fat black flies swarmed among billows of dust rising from blood-speckled dirt, as in the faraway sky behind the village a haze of black dots swarmed among the clouds over distant mountains.

Amidst dust on the village outskirts idle lads laughed aloud at the men working, and the men sneered with sidelong glances at the laughing boys. The boys stared and the men dipped their heads in respect with a grin toward the passing surgeon in his western dress. The mutilated animal fled from the branding iron with a spatter of blood when freed, back to three others gathering with a mixture of self pity and relief at the gateway where a small flatbed army vehicle waited. Nearby the beautiful boys enjoyed themselves watching a young four-legged martyr being separated from his pals for the slaughter.

Further along the road the surgeon came upon others grazing in another field. A gathering of old bullocks enjoyed a different life in the same sunshine, passed by a truckload of young men and boys with deep scowled faces marked by war, cut off from their homes and families. The ragged troop of dull faces being trucked toward their next skirmish with guns slung over their shoulders scanned the vicinity and with more urgency they stared at the sky behind them.

The big black bullocks grey with roadside dust twitched lazily and shook their bulky horns, watching the truckload of human cattle roar and rumble, speeding away through sunlit golden dustclouds pierced by shafts of sunshine. The animals' brown eyes then scanned the horizon in the opposite direction, twitching their ears to the rising roar of  approaching black dots in the sky rapidly growing larger and now louder.

Alike in terror the eyes of man and beast widened upward and their mouths opened as their throats swelled with bellows and screams and squeals, and in all directions they fled in hopeless panic, some pissing or defecating in terror, other tumbling amidst a cascade of thunderstruck earth as the great dots swooped overhead, growing large, suddenly lashing out in rage, hurling bolts of fire, shaking the earth and spitting out thunder, bearing down with murderous frenzy. And from the hard silver centres of the glassy, airborne, hate-filled orbs, tiny faces like those of men peered down at the already shell-pocked highway and the mudbrick mounds of a village savaged by fresh wounds of filth and smoke and fire. The faces of the flying monsters above stared down with young, intelligent, highly trained eyes at the destruction unleashed beneath them as tiny black dots below scrambled and fell, fleeing in all directions from heaven-sent golden clouds of Hell.




FOXY LADY


Foxy almost told the doctor to fuck off calling her Florence.  As if he didn’t know who she was. Instead of writing a prescription, he scribbled notes in her file.  Foxy declined his suggestion she see a specialist.  She was too busy.  She had things to get done. Her brother-in-law was getting out of prison.  She had to pick up groceries and slabs of beer.  She had to pick up her son from school and run a halfway house for released convicts.  Not to mention all the housework and the nagging pain from her teeth.

All she needed was a prescription for something to steady her nerves, so she could go faster than ever before. She did not tell the doctor how she ran herself ragged with her double life. If he could not solve half her problems, what was the point talking about them all? It was none of the doctor’s business. It was irrelevant, and anyway, she was tired of her lover. She thought she would end the affair any day now, before it grew into something more trouble than it was worth.

Foxy was cooking, not just on the stove; she lived loud and not always according to the rules. She liked to be in control. Life was a spicy treat, best dished up nice and hot and tasty, and men liked what she dished up. Sometimes she acted crazy. Folk said she was hyperactive, some said anorexic even semi-schizophrenic. One said she was nothing but wild jailbait grown up sad.

Foxy said, “I’ve heard all that shit. They don’t know what they’re talking about.”

Strangely she never looked truly happy, even when she smiled - there was something about her eyes.

Family and friends agreed she was a caring if not careful mother, but a bit of a ratbag into the bargain. Everybody said she drove a motorcar like a man. Foxy took it as a compliment.

She was lucky to be alive after her worst crash down a thirty foot embankment into an empty creek bed. When she was growing up, she drove her mother mad with her cop trouble and her car crashes. Some said she never grew up at all. Like a lot of her type Foxy laughed too loud. Men said she was hot. Boys said she was cool. Women said she was a heartbreaker. They said a lot of things, but they shut up talking about her when her husband almost killed a guy.

Foxy wondered was she living under an evil spell? In any case, she had her share of bad luck, with car crashes and miscarriages, bad teeth and medical problems. Her husband said her medical problems were in her head. He liked to joke that his wife’s moods, like her bowel movements, were nicotine-and-dope dependant.

Her married name was Florence Stuball. Everyone in town, except the doctor, called her Foxy, because of how she was. There was nothing of her on the scales, but she was wiry, tough and strong willed. She liked to get her own way. Foxy was a scrawny half-pint woman with the face of a naughty kid.

Slightly over the speed limit she watched the road ahead with big eyes peeled wide, like a nocturnal marsupial. The sealed road surface suddenly ended with a jolt. Pounding on graded dirt the vehicle raised a fast-moving spume of dust through dusty road works. Even without help of power steering, hard muscles in her thin arms made easy work of the ancient V8 jolting. The heavy station sedan drifted in a controlled slide on the smoothly graded curves. She heard rust groan. She was making good time, but she drove safely, to protect the loved one beside her. People thought the boy her only child. They forgot about her two dear ones, born dead. She loved her living son with love enough for three. There was nothing the kid couldn’t do, and there was nothing she would not do for him. Her highest hope was for him to pass his school exams and win a white fella job with a collar and tie, She cursed the jealous old man with silver hair who put his bad spell on her, saying she was such a slut that no girl child would ever be born from her alive, and that her marriages would all end in turmoil and ruin.

Now her brother-in-law was to be released from prison, the last of her husband’s surviving brothers. Another mouth to feed! Who knows for how long? Or what trouble he would bring along? He wasn’t a bad guy, her husband’s brother. At least in gaol he could read books, which he always loved. In prison he learned to write poetry too, they said, for whatever good it would do him out in the world. She never saw any of the poems, and she wondered if he wrote one about her. The problem was when the two brothers got together, big brother Eddie always was thinking up scams to impress young Tom. And her Tom would go along with any crazy plan, just so no one could say he wasn’t there when it happened. The Stuball brothers brought out the worst in each other. And Foxy’s Tom owed his big brother Eddie plenty.

Three years was a long time behind bars. Tom felt responsible for his brother’s bad luck. And for three years he had been haunted by guilt, though you wouldn’t think so; in public he carried on in his traditional carefree way. But Foxy slept with him and she knew his conscience was driving Tom nuts in his sleep, and it affected his libido.

No problem, Foxy handled it in her way. She was no model wife. She was playing up with some guy half the man and half the age of her Tom. She went through her usual crazy act, but her heart wasn’t in it, knowing she would soon need to chase the clock home. She almost told the young stud his fun was finished, over and out, but she had to be at the school in ten minutes. He looked so happy with himself she felt the need to bring him down to earth, but even if she had all day, she didn’t have the energy.

She made her getaway. The motor purred, the radio blasted rock music and prattle. She did the pick-ups at school and the store. She whispered under her breath, keep it under control, staring through the stone-scarred and bug-spattered windscreen. It was a struggle. She felt herself being watched by the child's huge loving brown eyes. The boy’s eyes filled with wonder, staring with childish pride at his mother driving like a man, the way everybody said she did.

“Is Uncle Eddie coming to live with us?” the kid asked.

Foxy muttered, of course, as her mind grappled with the road and the hours ahead of her. The kid listened to the car radio, as his mother controlled everything. She absent-mindedly made crazy guitar noises with her voice to the music.

“Hey, Mum! That man on the song is singing Foxy Lady! Is that song about you, Mum?”

“No Darling,” she laughed, and her face broke in half when she smiled. “It’s about a lady much younger than me.”

“But what about when she is older?” the kid asked with a grin nearly as wide as his mother’s, with teeth that gleamed white.

“I think she is supposed to be a very beautiful lady, Darling. Much more good looking than me.”

The child sat back confidently.

“Everybody says you’re good looking, Mum. Even Dad does.”

“That’s nice of everybody,” she laughed. “Especially your father…”

Looking good is easy when young. She never thought about it then. She was still trim but she could feel the sags and wrinkles of age coming. Time was catching up with her. She was catching up lost time, cracking up inside at the same time. Stress they called it. She did not blame the pressure. She just needed something to lift her lid and let the pressure out.

She was in emotional chaos but the mess inside did not show on the surface. Life had lost its fizz, that’s all, and she did not know where to find it. Things she once did for fun were now a chore. People seemed unreal. Whenever she walked in a crowded room she did not belong.

“I’m not talking about the black and white thing,” she tried to explain to the doctor. “It’s nothing to do with race and all that.”

She said she sometimes felt she were not really there; she was losing it; from time to time she lost her mind, she sometimes felt so lonely - even in her man’s arms; and worst of all, sometimes when hugging her child. The doctor said her symptoms were depression. She said she knew depression well; she suffered from it ever since the day she was born. And she needed something stronger, the drugs she took did not work anymore…

“That’s a worry, Florence,” the medical man said, dismissively.

“You can joke,” she told the doctor. “It is a feeling lonelier than being alone. If I never see anybody I know again, I wouldn’t notice, let alone care. I go places out of habit and I forget what I am there for. I don’t even like myself anymore. Sometimes I hate myself. It’s a bad marriage. My mind and my body are like they are living completely different lives. I can’t get drunk enough to put up with it anymore.”

The doctor asked had she contemplated suicide. Foxy sneered with contempt at his suggestion, “Thanks for the idea, Doc. Where would I get the time?”

Her life was skew-whiff, like the signboard skew-whiff at the entrance to the community where Foxy lived with her son and husband, in their large well-kept house among the other houses, with paddocks all round. The sign read: No Alcohol. No Drugs. No Pornography. Underneath, a vandal spray-canned almost illegible graffiti that said, No Fucking Idiots!


Eight houses remained in the small community, a relic of brief government concern. The cheap houses were close enough for neighbours to hear fights next door, but far enough apart to not hear the lovemaking. Five houses were never built, due to bureaucratic blunders. It seemed the bureaucrats left a sign to protect the community when they removed funding. The Great Signboard of Rules, locals called it. Standing there, forever, leaning on one hip like a cowboy beside the gate that never closed.

The broken-down signboard like a bureaucratic scarecrow commanded troubles disperse like birds. On the other side of the coin, the sign did not prohibit fires. Too bad, one old house burned down and the family who lived there moved away from the scene, taking their bad luck with them, and leaving behind three kids tucked away in the lonely graveyard a few miles down the road. Fifteen cottages were planned by the authorities to house local indigenous working families.

The tenth house was demolished when the old man with long silver hair and beard died there. No one would go near it. The place cost more to demolish than it was worth. Turned out the old bloke had some highly contagious disease that could have caused a plague.

Foxy said the disease was the jealous old bugger’s evil heart. His place was a rat heap with car wrecks and rubbish spilling over the fences. When he was alive the old man refused to clean up anything. He said the rubbish was the white man's treasure and the white man would come and get it when he wanted it.

“No sense chasing a horse for a sandwich when the pig has already eaten the bread,” the old man said.

 No one knew what the hell he was talking about. They feared the silver-haired bastard with his silver beard. He knew magic from the old days. Only some believed in those things, but the majority of the community were afraid to call the old man a fake, because he made terrible stuff happen. Foxy’s bad luck was confirmation of the old man’s powers in many minds. At Tom’s birthday party Foxy said the old black man with the silver beard caused her miscarriages, though when she was sober she denied it. In any case, it was common knowledge the footie team always bribed the old man near end of season, to ensure he did not do black magic against their chances in the finals. Everyone had a hushed story to tell. They all took it seriously, except Tom Stuball. Tom laughed at everything. He took nothing seriously most of the time, but there was one time he got dead serious, and Foxy did not like the look on his face as he took her hand.

When Tom’s brother Eddie got out of gaol, Tom held Foxy’s hand tightly, and said, “Why don’t you fix him up? He’s been three years without laying eyes on a woman. It’s the least we can do. We owe him, don’t you think?”

She was shocked. She drew her hand from his. Tom was serious. The man she knew was not in the room. Tom was drunk and stoned but he was serious. Then his words sank in fully through her marijuana haze.

“The least we can do?” Foxy said sarcastically. She was stoned and drunk too, or she might have said something more.

They laughed in separate ways.

“You’re not much deadly, are you?” she said, and whacked him one.

He did not flinch though the blow left a mark under his eye. His earnest look showed he was not joking. Foxy was a down to earth woman and she chewed over what Tom said. She thought it one thing for a man to give another man the shirt off his back. It is an entirely different matter to give him the woman out from under him. She saw something noble in Tom’s heroic gesture. Not every man would think such a thing. How much can a man love his brother? This was the kindest way she could think of it. At the same time she could not ignore the feeling of being offered on loan, like a pair of footie boots, or a car.

She could almost hear Tom say to Eddie, “Now you give her back. Nice and clean with a full tank. And don’t go thrashing her.”

Her thoughts were interrupted. Tom began to cry. He was no good at crying; not enough practise. She let him do it though. It was a rare sight and she didn’t want to miss it.

“I gave him money, but it means nothing,” Tom sobbed. “I don’t have enough to give him - to mean anything. I’d give him everything I had if I could. But you are the best thing I’ve got. Please don’t ask me to beg you.”

Then he wiped his eyes with a stupid look and he said, “I thought this would kill me. But now I’ve said it I feel the weight off my mind.”

“Yeah, that’s because you just dumped it on my mind instead,” Foxy said.

Tom and Foxy never really sorted it out, just let the idea hang in the air over their heads.

And the whole time Eddie came and stayed, Tom never cried again. Foxy asked Tom had he spoken to Eddie about his stupid idea.

“I can’t talk to him at all,” said Tom. “He’s gone strange. He’s sort of religious now, but not about God or anything. It’s weird.”

Tom raved on about what happened when he picked up Eddie at the prison, so Foxy could see how weird Eddie had become. He worried about Eddie’s insanity. Tom said he took a book and his pay packet and a bottle of whisky for a gift on Eddie’s first morning out, because Tom knew how Eddie had a lifelong love of reading. Eddie said he read so much in prison he would never touch a book again. But he took the money and drank the whisky, Tom said. But Eddie did not say thanks; that really bugged Tom and set him off on his guilt trip again.

“How’s life?” Tom asked Eddie on the drive home.

“How would I know?” Eddie replied.

In the car, thinking of a drink for lunch, Tom asked Eddie the time and Eddie replied coldly.

“Is it tomorrow already yet? Or is it still today? Let me guess.”

Foxy said, “Give the guy a chance. It will take time for him to return to normal.”

“The conversation went downhill from there,” Tom said.

"Eddie wasn’t interested in nothing.”

“I offered to run him round to a brothel straight away.” Tom said. “Like after three years what else would you want? He was nasty; grunting like a pig he said he’d wait outside for me. He won’t even show me that poetry he says he writes; I can’t imagine what it’s about. He’s like you, he’s always thinking of something.”

Foxy said Eddie seemed all right to her. And he looked really good. Tom sneered like she was a dumb kid - as he often did, too often for her liking. He said Foxy would change her tune once she heard Eddie raving.

“I always thought I was the smart one but I can’t figure him out,” Tom said. “He’s turned into a nutter! You should have been in the car and heard him. He really freaked me out.”
It started as soon as they met. Tom could not say anything Eddie did not take wrong. When again Tom asked Eddie to give him a smile, he was out of gaol, Eddie simply sighed, and shut up.

“You’re out of the can again,” said Tom, with a slap on the steering wheel. “You’re free.  Smile! For Christ’s sake! You should be happy.”

Eddie said, “Should I? In prison I discovered everything means nothing. Now, I walk into a place with people there and I feel alone, more alone than if I was by myself. I walk out, and I can’t remember who was there or why I went in there.”

Tom didn’t know what to say, and Eddie said, “I sit in this car now. If I close my eyes I am back in my cell and this becomes one of my dreams, of things I used to do - like going for a ride in a car.”

“Go on, give us a grin. It’s been so long. It’s good to have you back with us,” Tom said.

“Am I here, or have I gone already?” Eddie said spookily. “Either way has no significance. I don’t know how to be free. I have no memory of it. The incidents I recall now are dried particles crumbled off the clumps in which they first occurred. It means nothing and it all just drifts away.”

Tom showed Foxy how Eddie waved his hand, like he was giving the brush off to the world. Eddie was full of the same gloomy stuff over and over, about things drifting away, and being hooked on a line like a fish. Tom complained Eddie talked like he was brainwashed; too much reading no doubt – half poetry and half fishing magazine. They brainwash guys in prison you know, with religion and education and shit. Maybe Eddie had been reprogrammed.

“In prison everything I was drifted away,” Eddie said. “Far from believing in myself, or even being myself.”

And that’s when Tom finally lost all hope, when Eddie started on about being a fish.

“Sometimes I feel I’m caught inside this body like a fish on a line being hauled through deep water.”

It was too much for Tom.

“The question is does the fish swim in the ocean?” Eddie asked. “Or does the water simply possess the fish? You know what I mean?”

Tom had no answer. As they drove along, Eddie fidgeted. Tom felt uneasy. Then Eddie resumed without warning, speaking his miserable thoughts.

“Fear kills your memory, that’s what does it. Such memories as once belonged to me, I now belong to them. They drift out of sight. I am left empty where I am. My resistance is lost.”

That’s exactly what Eddie said, Tom swore, and Eddie went on about his resilience being exhausted.

Eddie said, “It’s like I’m jammed between a rock and a hard place. It’s as though I’m caught at the end of an invisible line with some huge invisible hook that tugs at my flesh, and it stretches my lips grotesquely and tears the smile off my face.”

“Is that some poetry or something?”

“Jesus, Tommy. That’s how I feel,” said Eddie, clamming up. “You keep asking me why I don’t smile.”

“Do I?”

Eddie did not reply. After waiting plenty long enough, it was time to break the ice with a change of subject.

“Remember the old days,” Tom gave a chuckle, and Eddie grumbled.

“All days are old days.”

That was it, as far as Tom was concerned. Foxy was amused by Tom’s bemusement. He was confused.  He always thought Eddie was a book-reading misery guts, now he was a thousand times worse of a misery guts, that’s what gaol did to a man.

“He won’t even read the book I bought him,” Tom said. “I can’t figure it out. He could at least pretend.”

“Three years is a long time,” Foxy said.

Foxy liked Tom better when he could not understand things. It was rare enough he tried to figure out a problem; Tom’s usual response was to ignore problems. The brothers were alike in some ways, but not in that. Eddie always thought about things. The boys shared sorrows in different ways. They had baby sisters taken from them, during the so-called stolen generation days, the mad white fella gestapo went round kidnapping an entire race of babies.

Foxy had no time for politics. Everybody knows what happened back in those days; what good did it do? More immediately, Foxy wondered how would Tom and Eddie now be if they met their grown-up lost sisters again? What happened to the girls and how their lives turned out was a complete unknown. Tom said Eddie was so changed by his time in prison, he now felt he was losing Eddie too.

Tom was not a good loser. Like a punctured car tyre he deflated. He looked flabby. Foxy knew how loss felt. Yet, despite the loss of her two little dead-born girls, her family remained mainly intact. She saw the oldies often, but only for a few minutes at a time, her life was so busy. Still she found time to feel sorry for poor Tom and Eddy, having lost their older brothers one by one to tragedy, as well as their two sisters. Tom said he didn’t want to think about all that, it made him feel empty. Eddie said he thought about it all the time, but like a lot of things, he never said what he thought. Now Eddie had changed, and Tom didn’t like it. More painful than that, Tom was unable to laugh it off.

“Eddie is freaking me out, man. He’s my last brother and now he’s gone weirdo,” Tom told Foxy, and she laughed, dragging Tom by the hand to the bedroom.

While she helped him relax, Foxy thought about Tom’s idea and his selfless gesture, a selfless gesture in more ways than one. After all, it was her who Tom expected to fix up Eddie, not himself. That was selfless.

In the first few days Foxy noticed the way Eddie looked at her round the house. He was polite and hardly said a word. Sometimes he watched her, half hawk and half man. There was something pent up and dark inside him. Was that poetry? Or was it prison? Whatever it was, it smouldered in his deep brown eyes. She was no mug. Some girls get a look from a guy and they go gaga. Foxy was canny enough to realise what it meant. It was bullshit. Men lived in invisible cages. They rattled their own bars. Men looked at her in the street. She saw them look at her skinny legs and little round backside. If she wanted she could make them look harder, with the way she moved. That’s how she ended up married to Tom. She moved plenty. Theirs was a football marriage. She hung around the club long enough to learn what makes a star shine, especially a lair like Tom.

On his release, gaolbird Eddie was more polite than ever as he moped from room to room. He made no mess, which Foxy admired. Not like untidy Tom. Eddie was quieter than she expected, far less explosive, after all of three years locked away in prison.

He made her curious. She moved close to his black body in the kitchen to feel the heat of him, and he smelled fresh. She smiled to herself when he stepped away.

Men always amused her. They amused her more when she was young. She was attracted to their gusto. Tom had a ton of gusto, macho gusto. He was competitive enough to chase Foxy ahead of his mates. He had many mates, and all the idiots tried hard to win her. Tom chased with the pack, until she caught him. She plucked him from the bunch. He was as good as any man she ever came across. He was dumb as the rest, but he made people laugh and he was handsome. He was irresistibly simple, and he had a V-8 engine in his hips, she told friends. When they said they knew that, she called them lying bitches, but if they liked looking at themselves in the mirror, she better not find them sitting in her garage. She loved the way Tom did what he liked and he seemed to think about nothing. He earned not bad money which helped. He walked proudly, like the champion he was when young. Eddie was the quiet older brother, always thinking. Young brother Tom did things. But Tom was suffering from his soft life. His older brother, whipped into shape by three years hard living, looked ten years younger.

People still took notice of Tom. They always did, whereas much less of Eddie. The most attention Eddie ever got was during his court case; five minutes of fame in newsprint soon faded.

No one had ever given Eddie Stuball a second thought when he battled away to get by, trying to stay out of trouble. During their footie playing days, Eddie played second division. Tom was the A grade crack gun. They were wild boys and no angels, but the Stuball brothers were no worse than anybody else.

Eddie was the lesser brother in every way, except he was not as dumb as most guys. The problem was he was too trusting. That’s how he got caught by the coppers and did time. It was only because Eddie kept his mouth shut, that Tom didn’t go down on the same charges with him. The sentence was made harsher because Eddie refused to talk. Tom owed Eddie three years of freedom. It was as simple as that.

“You don’t have to do it, if you don’t want to,” Tom told Foxy.

“Who said I would do it?” she asked.

She hadn’t decided anything. She did not pretend she was an angel. She wasn’t. Everyone knew. Tom ignored the way she flirted. He liked to see his woman the object of other men’s envy. It was the same with all things. The trophies on the sideboard meant nothing to him. It was the winning of the game at the time, and talking about it forever after that turned him on. That made his blood rush. When his football career was over, she thought Tom would slow down. Instead he played around like always.

Foxy repaid Tom his infidelities in like kind, not often, but from time to time, for her amusement, not to get even. Tom did not hassle her, even in moments that would make a fool wise. Like when he found her without pants in a room with an open window. She said she was masturbating. He knew it was a lie, but he raised his eyebrows and said nothing. For a while he was awful after that, but eventually he got back to his normal Who-cares? It was cool, so long as nobody upset the applecart. One idiot got pissed at a bar-b-que and said something disrespectful about the women in attendance. Tom fumed, but he did nothing. Foxy was relieved. Tom wasn’t getting any younger. In each fight he had in recent times he was hurt more than in the one before. There was no trouble, until the guy with the big mouth said something about women shaving, and he winked at Foxy with a leer as he spoke, and she stared back with icy hatred. Then she felt sort of sorry for the drunken bastard.

Tom smashed the big mouth so hard the poor guy did not speak another word for three months. When he got out of hospital with his jaw screwed in place the troublemaker wrote an apology. Tom wiped his bum on the note and posted it back.

But all was forgiven, so long as the lesson was not forgotten. That’s how it was with Tom. The whole town was strictly careful of Foxy’s reputation thereafter. Even those with nothing to say fell silent. Her kid was the most popular kid in the school. Her husband was a legend. Women paid respect to Foxy and men desired her. She liked it like that. From time to time she indulged her curiosity in men, as one might impulsively pluck one squalling kitten from a litter to pet, but only to pass the moment. It was nothing more, an almost sentimental indulgence. Amorous adventures, few as they were compared to those of her spouse, did not interfere with her duties as mother and wife. Even when things came apart at the edges, she remained in control. Her life too often slewed out of control, but she managed to whip the wheel of emotions one way, and back the other, correcting the slide, dumping one thing to save another, and always the same thing to save. The child was all that mattered. She had a family to consider. When with a man, the first thing he found out was Foxy was in charge. To them it was a fantasy. To her it was the way it had to be.

“Mention my name round town or even breathe a word of this to anyone and you’re ice cold fucking dead!”

There were some she recalled were unable to perform after hearing this announcement. She did not need to tell them she meant it. They listened.

Eventually Tom contrived to leave Foxy alone with Eddie late one night while he went out to score some dope.

Foxy was being cagey. Sometimes Tom liked her acting that way, sometimes he didn’t. She refused to say if she would or she wouldn’t. Foxy told Tom she was not going to be forced into anything. And he said it was all up to her. Thanks, she said. It seemed no great concession. First, she ordered the men to do the dishes and clean up her cooking mess, before she would even let Tom go out.

The kid was in his room asleep. Sounds of insects swept across the paddocks through the still night, with the windows open wide. Tom winked at Foxy, and then again, at Eddie, as he went. Eddie scratched his chin and stared at Tom, as though in discomfort.

“Tom will be gone for three hours, at least,” Foxy said to Eddie, as outside the V-8 whirlwind roared away down the dirt drive, ”What do you reckon?”

Eddie shrugged. Foxy stood before him. Her hips rolled toward him. She looked away to let him look at her, if he wanted. She got four beers from the fridge and with deft, long, thin fingers, slickly skinned up a half dozen thick spliffs. They talked normal shit.

“Has Tom spoken to you about me?”

“Of course. He loves you a lot.”

“I’m not talking about that, Stupid,” she said, handing Eddie the lighted joint. “Sure. You’ve been locked away all that time. You must be hungry, you know, sort of? I guess.”

She laughed and rubbed his leg as though to brush off a fallen ash.

“Maybe you don’t want to talk about those things.”

Eddie started talking. She thought he would. Men like to talk. He told her of a gay man he met in prison, a robber and a thief, named Benny Wheels, a paraplegic. Eddie said Benny Wheels did a robbery in broad daylight. He stuck a gun in the face of a cashier and did a runner in the city, fleeing from the hold up with the money in a plastic bag clenched between his teeth, while he pushed the wheels of his wheelchair frantically with both hands. Benny had the strongest arms said Eddie, even though his arms were really skinny. And he looked at Foxy hard.

“That’s how Benny got away, strong arms. Crazy Benny hailed an access cab for his getaway. It dropped him off at the casino. He sat there at the black jack table losing the stolen money as fast as he could before the cops finally tracked him down.”

Eddie laughed, shaking his head so long Foxy thought it strange.

“What? They caught him?”

“Yeah. But they didn’t catch him before he lost all the money. Benny always laughed about that. He said it was the best fun he ever had in his life without someone’s cock in his mouth,” Eddie chuckled. “You remind me of Benny.”

“How?” Foxy said indignantly, jabbing Eddie in the ribs.

“Strong arms… he was the toughest little white guy I ever met,” Eddie said.“You punch like Benny too. I see the strength in those skinny little matchsticks of yours when you hug your baby boy.”

“He’s your nephew, he has a name.”

“Yeah okay, when you hug little Eddie.”

Eddie rubbed his ribs and Foxy sat close to him and put her hand on his. She could see her closeness stirred him.

She said, “What are you thinking?”

He thought awhile more. It seemed a strange long time. He drew his hand from her and said, “In prison I discovered everything is nothing. Now, when I walk in a room it’s like I’m not really there. I feel that way now, here with you.”

“I want to help you,” she said. “We all do, Tom and I, and little Eddie.”

They talked of other things, and as they did Foxy moved. She moved naturally, and not in any noticeable way, but if he wanted he could enjoy it, however he liked. When she arched her back her hair fell down and she turned her head to look through the hair hanging over her face. She moved as supple as a cat, her brown eyes tracking her prey from behind dangling strands of black. His eyes were elsewhere, not far from her face, and he swallowed. She scooped her hair in a handful and flicked it through an elastic tie into a ponytail, and she brushed against him deliberately. When she apologised coyly, she made sure he knew she didn’t mean it. After a time his voice deepened, and he spoke more slowly.

“Being with people is worse than being by myself.” he said.

She said I know what you feel. I’m the same.

“I don’t feel like that now, here with you,” he said.

He did not need to lean far when he leaned toward her. He kissed her, softly on her wide mouth. She breathed smoke into his, while they looked closely at each other’s eyes. He licked the taste of smoke from her fleshy lips. Then he sank back against the arm of the couch. He reached for his beer and took it in his hand, but he didn’t take a drink.

“I’m sorry,” he said. “I shouldn’t have done that. It was stupid. I’m sorry.”

“No need to be sorry. I started it.  He won’t be back for ages yet. We don’t have to do anything. It’s just you and me for hours. Relax. It’s about time you could!”

Foxy moved stuff on the coffee table and Eddie watched her, while she prattled on. The ponytail fell from one side of her twig-like neck to the other. Eddie glanced at the clock.

“You deserve a little looking after,” Foxy said. “You need to wind down. Unwind!”

Nothing was said till she spoke again.

“I know something would make you relax and feel better.”

“What?” he said.

She said, “Guess.”

She relaxed him. She noticed as she watched him, she saw a look she had seen on her own face at times, as she sometimes watched herself in the mirror as she made love, when she was thinking about someone else. Eddie laughed at how rapidly he relaxed.

Eddie said, “It feels better than it used to. For me anyway it did - probably not for you. I’m out of practice. You know, I thought of you - a lot - like the time we spent together down at the river. I thought of it many times. I thought of you often, when I was inside.”

“I think about it too, that time down there then by the water,” she said, looking a bit sheepish. “Sometimes…”

“Sure,” he said. “I bet you can’t even remember.”

“Of course I remember. You hardly knew what to do.”

They had to laugh. It didn’t matter. For a while they did nothing but drink, smoke, talk and laugh. She rose from the floor and sat on the couch, facing him while they chatted. Eddie had a score to sort out down south, for someone in prison. He talked about how his friend Benny got put in a wheelchair. Who did what, and for what they would be held account. Eddie was impatient to do what he felt he had to do. He had the money Tom gave him, that would get him there, and maybe back again. He laughed. Eddie said he could not rest until the matter was settled, one-way or the other. He owed Benny a favour and he would do it.

Eddie did not want to say more, and Foxy did not want to hear it. He had it all organised in his head. That was never a good sign in the case of Eddie. Talking never changed a thing. It only made whatever he was up to harder for him.

Foxy said, “Tell me about Benny.”

Eddie told her the whole thing, warts and all, and she shook her head.

“Shaking your head is very helpful,” he said.

Eddie stretched full length on the floor. His dark face grew darker, and with stab-mark-eyes he stared at the ceiling like it wasn’t there. He began to fade away as Foxy watched. A silent alarm went off inside her as she saw his face gradually tighten. Teary fluid welled in his eye slits. His teeth began to grind.

“Don’t think about it, whatever it is!” she said.

She got Eddie to help her fix instant coffees and she stirred him back into full colour. He resisted and he yielded; she made him relax again, with her jeans tossed halfway across the room. Her ponytail fell out of the tie, and her hair fell around her shoulders. She whipped his face with her hair and they laughed how much longer he lasted the second time. That’s with a bit of practise, she said.

Eddie said with her hair down round her face and that gleam in her eye, Foxy looked like the devil.

“Bullshit! He looks like me,” she said.

Eddie laughed and soon fell silent. At first Foxy did not notice, as she rubbed the soles of his feet. In a while he groaned.

“I think I’m going crazy.”

Then as if the words were the punch line to a secret joke, he laughed, “I guess my mind and I just don’t get on so well anymore.”

Foxy said, “I know what you mean.”

“How can you?”

She said, “Look. You know Tom and I owe you everything these last three years. I won’t forget it. I’m serious. You’re welcome as long as you want. You can take me at my word.”
“I know that.”

She went to wash and when she came back she grinned at him like a child sharing a secret, and said. “Tomorrow when you wake up, stay in bed. You understand me?”

They talked more. When they heard a car crashing over the stock grate at the gate to the driveway, Eddie looked at Foxy sadly, and he asked her, did she intend to tell Tom what they had done?

“Do you think he doesn’t know?” she said blandly. “And what he doesn’t need to know, he won’t hear from me. So there.”

Eddie said he was going to bed. He did not want to see the look on Tom’s face when his young brother walked in the door. He said he could see the look already. He told Foxy that he couldn’t stand it. He’d seen it too much through the years.

“He always acts so superior,” Eddie said.

Then he grinned. “Knowing Tommy, he’ll probably expect me to smile.”

“Take no notice,” Foxy told Eddie. “You know that’s just the way Tom is.”

Eddie shuffled off to bed, kissing her lips as he went. Foxy heard the car door slam. Tom made more than his usual noise when he came in the house. He tossed a bag of dope on the desk. He gave a casual look around, and seeing Foxy alone, raised his eyebrows.

“Where’s Eddie?” Tom whispered. “How did it go?”

“Mind your own business,” she told him.

“My own business? I’d like to know - if this hoo-ha isn’t my business, what is? My own wife and my own brother, eh, and poor old me out half the night….”

“Shush,” she said. “We can talk in bed.”


With her jeans tossed on the floor, surrounded by pillows, Foxy told Tom that she fixed up Eddie. She said that’s all she would say about it. But things weren’t that simple, she told Tom. One night does not turn back the pain of a thousand. How could they expect to help Eddie get back to normal so quickly - after what Eddie had been through for three years? Tom twisted his face with suspicion, an expression reflected in the tone of his voice.

“What did you two get up to?”

“What do you think?” she reached for the bedside ashtray and lit the remains of a cigarette, taking a couple of drags before she spoke again. “And we talked a lot.”

“Talked?”

“Yeah. Afterwards, we talked. That’s what men and women do, some do anyway. He’s very interesting. We talked about what he wants to do. He said he’s worried that you may not realise how long it is.”

“How long is what? Eh?” Tom asked absentmindedly. “His cock? I’ve seen it. It’s not so….”

“Don’t be stupid. He’s not talking about that. He’s talking about him and us - him and you, and me. The three years. He’s talking about the debt we owe him. He means like him and me, and tonight, you know? He says we don’t realise….”

“Of course we realise. We both do. You know it. I know it. It’s a debt we must repay somehow. Does he think we haven’t thought about that? Isn’t that what tonight was about?”

“Yes, that’s the problem,” Foxy drawled. “He worries that you don’t realise – three years is a very long time. He thinks that’s how long this will need to go on. You know, like tonight. With him and me. Three years. What do you reckon? If I fix him up, you know, for three years, like you say. Would that be too much?”

“Too much?”

Foxy stared at Tom innocently, with big eyes, as a child deferring to an elder. Tom rose from the bed. He walked around, slowly rubbing his scalp through his hair.  He muttered something she did not hear. The only word she caught was disaster. He sat down. He glared at Foxy.

Tom grumbled. “If Eddie thinks I’m going out half the night, four bloody nights every week, for the next three years….”

Tom interrupted himself, “Three years? What the hell did you two get up to? This is ridiculous! What are we going to do? It’s impossible. And what about you? He didn’t ask you what you think about it, I’ll bet.”

“Sure he did,” she said. “We talked about it.”

“Talked? And did you tell him?”

“Of course. I told him you said you really want me to fix him up. He’s a dreadfully nice guy, like you, you’re his brother, of course. He’s deadly as! And we do owe him. From his point of view it makes sense. I said you would want to make things right for him. No more than three or four nights a week, I would think. He’s agreed to help with the housework, so that’s another thing. And I told him I must always respect your conjugal rights. After all, you are my husband. And it is only three years we owe him. You did say we owe him. It’s just now and then, you know. Three years will be over before we know it. That’s what he said.”

Tom sat with his mouth open. He blinked. He gave a helpless shake of his head, and stared at Foxy out the corner of his eye. It was a dark, brooding glare of distrust and she could not help feeling evil. Tom rubbed his face to think of what to do about the stupid situation.

“Three years! Three years! I can’t….”

He shook terrible thoughts from his head and swallowed hard.

“What are we going to do about him?”

Foxy grinned. With arms folded over her breasts she closed her eyes and shook her head. This was a scream for her, Tom look so worried and helpless. He was cute.

“Eddie is leaving on Thursday!” Foxy laughed in Tom’s face. “He’s catching the fucking bus to Adelaide, you dickhead! He’s going.”

Tom’s face went flaccid.

Foxy lost it. She leaked tears of mirth, rocking back and forth on the mattress, giggling till she almost pissed herself.

“So Eddie is leaving on Thursday? Yeah?” Tom leaned keenly toward Foxy and whispered with a big grin. “Yeah? And you loved taking the piss out of me, didn’t you bitch!”

Foxy told Tom she was finished with his crazy ideas. She said she didn’t want to hear a word about any of it again, and he ought to be more understanding on account of Eddie’s heart was broken, because he left his disabled gay lover in prison. Tom thought she was taking the piss out of him again. Foxy told him the whole story. In the end Tom half believed her. Three years is a long time. No one could blame a man.

Foxy chuckled, “At least being half-gay is not as bad as being half-white!”

Even though Tom smiled at the racist joke he turned serious and told her, don’t be so stupid.

“Stupid or not,” she said. “I wouldn’t want to be the guy who put Benny in that wheelchair when Eddie gets down south.”

Foxy could see Tom thinking. Then he began to speak.

“You mean to tell me….”

So began the longest, most complicated and most pathetic question Foxy heard in her life, and she never let Tom forget it. As well, whenever she felt the need over following years, she liked to remind Tom of his great stupid idea about her fixing up Eddie. He rarely treated her like a dumb kid anymore. If he did, a sarcastic reminder soon changed the look on his face and shut him up.

Both Foxy and Tom felt partly responsible for brother Eddie’s next trouble, a twelve month sentence down south in Adelaide, after he belted some bastard shitless outside a burger place in Hindley Street. It was a fair fight, Eddie said. Tom flew down and visited Eddie in prison. Eddie was pissed off newspapers described the fight as a coward punch.

When he flew home Tom told Foxy that Eddie sent her a message. The message was that she still reminded Eddie of Benny.

Tom said he didn’t get it, “Why Benny?”

“Strong arms,” Foxy said, flexing her bicep like a man.

And that’s how things went for Foxy and Tom as little Eddie grew increasingly independent. Years ticked by and each passing toothache left another gap in Foxy's mouth; then Tom passed away. As if according to Tom’s Last Will & Testament, of which he had none, old Eddie returned to town for the funeral and he moved into the house with Foxy; unkind gossips said Eddie inherited her.

It started as a temporary arrangement of convenience. When the grown-up kid little Eddie went to the city, old Eddie moved into little Eddie’s room. Foxy was alone and Eddie had no other place. As a couple Eddie and Foxy was nothing near the same as Tom and Foxy people said, they were no fun at all anymore.

Foxy and old Eddie both loved dead Tommy in his grave more than they loved each other, but they were a devoted couple, as old folk best can be when they grow too old to fight, or have nothing to fight over. Up till the day Foxy died, Foxy’s son, little Eddie, would fly from his collar and tie job in the city and go in a taxi-cab straight to the old place to see his Mum. The house was falling down and the kid paid for repairs, and he happily joined in the old folks’ endless conversations about his Dad Tom.

Invariably, on his visits until his mother died, the man they still called little Eddie would stand over the scrawny little old lady they still called Foxy, and he would smile down at her with his big white teeth in his dead-handsome black face, and he would growl, like he was coming to get her…

“Foxy Lady!"

Old Eddie would watch and slap his knee.

“Isn’t he? Isn’t he? Just like his father! I’ll be damned… spittin’ image, down to a tee.”

Foxy would rock in her creaky chair, grasping her walking frame with one hand, reaching with the other to touch her sacred son, with her face a contour map of wrinkles, her grey shrunken head nodding happily and chuckling with her last yellowed tooth shining like a tombstone in her gaping grin.




INFERNO


Of course, the idea of murdering him was crazy but dreaming hurt no one. Alas, I grew ashamed of my own prayers, and sometimes, I hoped God did not hear them. The object of my anger was Donny Taylor, a lazy drug-addict - known to his friends as Don Tay. He was ruining my marriage and making my life a misery.

He lived round the corner from us, far too close for my comfort. His place was disgusting. It stunk of marijuana you could smell from the street. The front yard was littered with junk mail among the tall weeds. The interior of the house was ruled by two giant bull mastiffs. They made the walls tremble when they growled. The floor rug shone with rubbed-in dog-grime. The one and only time I was forced to visit Donny’s house he locked the vicious beasts in another room while I was there. I heard them sniffing under the door and licking their lips with their stomachs growling, as though they had not eaten in a week. Every piece of furniture was piled with clothes and other things. The sink was a stinky swamp of greasy dishes under a leaning tower of pizza cartons.

How Donny’s kitchen got so messy puzzled me, since he habitually ate at our house. He ate like a pig and spoke with his mouth full. Though he lived nearby he was too lazy to walk even that short distance. He would invariably park his old Citroen in our driveway, dripping oil on the scoria. He was a wise-guy, always negative, spouting black drivel. He had no sense of humour. I was sick of him hanging round our place cadging meals and upsetting my asthmatic wife, Julie. But he was her brother and I could do nothing. Even the slightest upset would cause Julie to wheeze and retire to bed. Each Sunday on our return from church, we turned the corner and my heart would sink. Once again, my prayers had gone unanswered. I would see my brother-in-law’s car parked in our driveway.

In her meek voice my wife would urge me, “Don’t start anything John.”

I had to park in the street, because of Donny, and to avoid upsetting Julie I could say nothing. Though he had a key to the house, not by my choosing, we would usually find Donny reclining on the banana-chair in the backyard smoking drugs and tossing his marijuana butts into the flower garden which annoyed me. Even more irritating, once or twice a week I had to crawl about on my knees gathering the incriminating butts with tweezers. I was in terror of the drug squad finding them.

Donny’s visits invariably led to one of his outbursts spoiling my traditional Sunday afternoon treat of Julie’s fresh cake smoothed with thick creamy icing. Any innocent comment by me might trigger a tirade from him. Mere mention of a word such as justice would provoke a lecture.

“Don’t talk to me about the justice system. They crucified Jesus Christ, and now they let murderers, torturers and cannibals walk free, and they execute mere drug-runners… they gaol bloody shop-lifters and they license goddam gambling casinos… they bestow glory and honours on destructive sociopaths and they mock and revile those who dare complain about it… and you call this civilisation? Don’t even mention the paedophile priests and corrupt bankers….”

He would go on and on in that vein. Though I tried, it was impossible to endlessly contain my frustration.

I would say, “What in Hell are you talking about? Who do you mean, They?”
It was a match to a firecracker. His worst discharges occurred during parliamentary elections. He would nit-pick over every news report. He was impervious to restraint or reason. They were his enemies - politicians, churches, police, the status quo, big business, the media, and bureaucrats. He claimed the so-called establishment was guilty of a conspiracy. The world was locked in a cycle of destructive consumption and the enslavement of mankind and Mother Nature. In short, my brother-in-law was an utterly paranoid iconoclast.

Finally I said to him, “Why don’t you run for Parliament?”

“What? And become one of Them?” he sneered.

So that was Donald Taylor in a nutshell (and I use the word nut advisedly), yet my wife Julie totally adored doomsayer Donny. She seemed oblivious to her marijuana-puffing brother’s faults. Any time trouble flared, she blamed me. Sometimes I prayed for him to leave town, I did not care how – in a hearse would have pleased me as well as any other way. Julie on the other hand I knew prayed for him. She said he was depressed, that’s all. I don’t know about that, but he was depressing me. I don’t know why he never committed suicide. He certainly sounded like he ought to most days. It was not only his inescapable belligerence that riled me.

He undermined my marriage. He was always borrowing money from Julie, a fact that she hid from me. She even lied to me about it when I questioned her. I once threatened to report Donny to the cops over his marijuana, and Julie threatened to leave me if I did. When she smashed our four-wheel drive one time I wondered was she really driving or was it her brother, and was she was covering for him. I was suspicious about that when Donny offered to drive me across town to the crash repair shop to pick up the car. Our second car was also being panel-beaten for the umpteenth time - Julie was an exceptionally flighty and erratic driver, I have on occasion seen her close her eyes and pray as she slammed on the brakes to narrowly miss the rear of the car stopping in front of her – or not quite stopping in time, as was sometimes the case. I think the fact at times she avoided a crash in this manner encouraged her to try it more often, no matter how many times I warned her Our Lord did not work for the road safety council.

As for Donny’s offer of a lift cross-town, I said I preferred to take a taxi to pick up the four-wheel drive, but Julie insisted I not insult her brother’s kindness. It was the same old story. I had to give him money to fill his tank with fuel to get there. He purchased a couple of chocolate bars with the change, which also infuriated me. All the way, I was forced to listen to his car sputter and cough, with Donny chewing and spitting crumbs of the chocolate bar while he ranted and yelled at every “idiot” on the road, and half the places of business along the way. I was embarrassed to be seen in the car with him. He was demented - whether from the marijuana or simply his twisted brain, I don’t know.

A young P-plate driver overtook at excessive speed and Donny griped, “Look at that idiot in his damn suicide apparatus! He thinks he’s sitting on his bed at home playing Highway Death Rider or some other fucking video game.”

All the way Donny carried on in this way - like, “Look at this! I have to get stuck behind a four-wheel drive boutique-mobile who can’t even fucking drive, changing lanes without a warning. Just push your way in, Stupid! Oh, bugger everyone else! He probably thinks Going Off Road means when he parks in his driveway at home. The bloody fool! God almighty, where these assholes get their licences I don’t know. And look at him go - bloody big Sherman-Tank moron. What’s he think, he owns the road – pig-headed, bullying bastard - did you see the face on him? Self-satisfied competitive Fish Head - it makes him feel good - he’s just got to get ahead of somebody…”

At a speedster Donny would sneer aloud, “Zoom to your Doom arsehole!!!”

Between jibes Donny would glance at me, I am sure to see if I was affected by his veiled insults. Donny often complained nobody understood him. I never said so, but I always thought it no wonder. However, he did have one friend, an unsavoury, little, tubby, bearded red-eyed chap. Donny’s pal had the general appearance of an overgrown garden gnome who almost never said a word. The friend had tattoos and called my brother-in-law Dan-Tay, like some mispronounced literary allusion. Donny brought the bearded gnome to our house for a free feed a few times. I was not friendly to the fellow though he never said or did anything to antagonise me. The chap was always shy and polite and respectful, and grateful for a meal – the exact opposite of Donny, His association with Julie’s brother was enough to deserve my animosity. Donny had the habit of using our home as if it were his own. On occasion he would collapse on the couch at our place and sleep overnight, snoring like an asthmatic lawnmower. I hated it. But Julie would cover him with a rug and kiss him on the forehead. It made me sick, and she was then unreceptive to intimacies on account of his presence. Not that I wanted to particularly kiss her lips after they touched that repulsive wretch’s face. He would wake in the morning, and wander round making an instant coffee to wash down his first marijuana cigarette out in the backyard, on account of Julie’s asthma. Donny prowled the house in a dishevelled state and a foul temper. You would think someone had broken into his house overnight and stolen his most valuable possessions, from the look on his face. He commandeered the toilet and kitchen as though they belonged to him. When Julie greeted him with Good morning, her dear brother would snarl what’s good about it?  He grumbled to himself as he shuffled about, ransacking the refrigerator and cupboards, growling in vindictive fashion, and abusing inanimate objects that earned his displeasure. Whenever he asked me if I wanted a cup of tea, I was almost too scared to say Yes - even in my own home.

Inevitably we had words. I had been counselled by a medical professional in regard to my deteriorating emotional condition – and my fear someday I might commit an irretrievable act of violence against my tormentor and his sister, and even myself. Counselling was a waste of money, not to mention my time. The counsellor suggested I confront my problems and “stop bottling up the tension”. That I tried to do, which was a second waste of time since Donny took it simply as an invitation for more of his tedious argumentation, and he began screaming at me. I was already screaming at him. Even worse, Julie packed up and left our home that very night.

To my horror and embarrassment, she moved in round the corner at Donny’s place. I was confident the arrangement would not last long – with the filth at Donny’s place and Julie’s asthma. When I mentioned this, she said Donny had gotten rid of his dogs straightaway, and with them the foul floor rug. The next day Donny and his friend the gnome had re-painted a room for her. Immediately I noticed the impact on our savings account balance. Further enquiries revealed I had soon paid for a virtual renovation of Donny’s pig-sty. I ceased attending Church in shame. I dreaded going to work, because people would ask how things were. My CEO asked if the steam-iron at home had broken down. I tried to pretend all was normal. “I’m fine,” I would say to everyday enquiries, with my hands trembling and a tear or two sometimes escaping from my eye.  I had genuine thoughts of murder which were only contained by my fear of subsequent disgrace, and the knowledge I would thereby lose my Julie forever. I did not fear the wrath of God on the matter, for I felt my own wrath at the time surely no less than His.

I would send emails to Julie from my work computer. I begged her to come home. She had taken our computer and our now-repaired second car. The night she left she loaded the car with things from home to take with her, along with what-little happiness I enjoyed in life. Naturally she returned, whilst I was absent at work and she took whatever else she wanted in the meantime. To add insult to injury, her brother began to use Julie’s PC to send me abusive emails. Julie had apparently shown him something I had sent her. Donny took extreme exception to what I had written about him. I decided to put an end to the problem once and for all. As I prepared to depart from work that day, I wrote him an email threatening to contact the police about his marijuana use, and worse. He sent a chat box response, and he dared me to do it. His abuse I replied to in kind. My spelling and grammar became abysmal in my rage. He was not scared of me he wrote, and he criticised my religion and my conservative values (although he did not call them that). He also made a disparaging remark regarding my performance as a husband, and our childless marriage.
That was the final straw. I decided immediately upon 5 o’clock, I would depart from work – that was highly unusual for me, I was no “clock-watcher” – and I resolved to drive round to Donny’s place and punch him on the nose. Then on the chat box I read in the middle of his uncompleted sentence, the words - must go

He simply stopped writing - no full-stop, no goodbye! I continued sending retaliatory messages for a minute or two, but he did not respond. Like a coward he had lashed out at me verbally and fled. I was fuming.

Obviously he had cut me off. I was left like a dog barking at an empty street. I imagined him snickering at my futile attempts, probably enjoying a smoke on one of his “joints”. I felt as a matter of honour I was entitled to satisfaction. It was 5.01 PM I noticed, and I launched into action. I seized a paper-piercer from my desk, determined to use it if necessary. Within approximately ten minutes I arrived in Donny’s street, just as the fire appliances arrived. First I heard sirens and ignored them, for as usual they had no relevance to me I thought. Then, with the sight of the big red trucks, the flashing blue lights and red lights and cabin doors bursting open, I saw the smoke rising and Donny’s place ablaze. I leapt from my four-wheel drive, crossing the road toward the house screaming, “Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie!”

Terror-struck in panic and despite the pulsing force that hit me as tremendous as an ocean wave of heat - I advanced slowly with my arm protecting my face, madly approaching the fierce conflagration, for indeed the house blaze was flashing from several shattered windows. Grey smoke streamed from beneath roof tiles and black smoke exploded in gusts from the open doorway, dragging shreds of flame. I heard more sirens. A perceptible stench of smouldering plastic and marijuana hung in the air. Shouting fire fighters suited like alien warriors leapt from more large red trucks arriving with a scream, slamming to a standstill, motors roaring, lights flashing, great hoses unwinding violently, voices shouting in controlled terror.

Bang, Clang-chunk, Crack, Whirr-r-r-r, Crash-bang… the blaze and the red chariots roared at each other across a field of trampled weeds glowing with every fresh outburst of flame. Dwarfed by flares of fire and billowing palls of black smoke – the men in heavy jackets and gloves shouted and gestured me to retreat away, with great boots stomping, white helmets gleaming, their voices muffled by monstrous masks as they charged into battle. They stormed by me, as I staggered away unable to breathe from the smoke and unable to withstand the intense heat. All I saw were the alien-like combatants blasting cannons of water at the building from close quarters. Several wearing scuba gear surged forth directly toward the inferno only to be immediately swallowed-up and devoured by the smoke. By this time my mind was like the wildly blazing house consumed in riotous turmoil. I saw snakes and sprays of water dancing among smoky clouds, fireballs ascending in bursts from the gutted roof. Black specks descended from above like sprinkles of incinerated confetti. A fire fighter jostled me back a distance. Only then did I see a car moving to a halt in the middle of the hectic street scene, Julie’s car, and from it, she appeared - my beloved. I felt saved from a fate worse than perdition. I rushed toward her, and I seized her, rubbing my tearful face in her hair.

“Julie! Julie!” I sobbed, “I thought… I thought…”

I could not utter my fearful thoughts. Nor did she give me time to, for she struck me and wrenched herself loose of my embrace and she fled toward the burning house, screaming, “Donny! Donny! Donny!”

The shock of everything I think possessed me - both in awe and physical impact. I remember these things as one might a childhood illness. Patches of fevered hallucination, glimpses of the incident - even now they mingle amidst the memory of my helpless suffering. Around me voices shouted and spoke, I heard ferocious crackling and explosions and collapse. I saw movement, darkness and bright light, I felt heat scorching the air upon my skin and sweeping overhead, I smelled fire, fear, water and smoke - I choked from time to time on it. At first I did not see the rescuers retrieve the limp body of Donny from the blazing, steaming ruins. When I did I realised I was the last soul on this Earth to hear his voice, not in real-life but in spirit, through the medium of the email chat box. And then, upon witness to his last words, unbeknownst to me - as I saw now his body laid before me - my prayers were answered in the supine form of Donny vanquished and presented as an offering. As I looked down on him, inert at my feet, Julie was there crouched on her knees before me amidst the roar and clamour and the heat of nearby battle, under the glare and gloom of the enraged inferno, I was possessed by emotion.

I had eyes only for Julie’s frail shoulders above her unmoving brother, as she rocked like a madwoman sobbing shockingly - I swooned with my senses both dulled and sharpened to all about me and most of all to Julie’s inconsolable weeping.

“Must go…” indeed, indeed, I heard again and again Donny’s final words now ringing in my ears with his voice - words spoken, not with sarcasm or hostility as I interpreted them on the computer screen at my desk, but spoken in awe as a man might speak having heard the voice of his Lord calling him.

“I must go!” I heard Donny say again, and how truthfully at that I thought, as I gazed down on his drenched body.

What terror he might have felt I do not know as he was torn from our online dispute by the peril upon him. Like a drowned soul now he lay perfect in stillness under the broken-hearted shadow of his grieving sister, lifeless, no sign of distress of any kind to be seen other than streams of black dribble from his nose and mouth. I felt my prayers had been answered more completely and in such wrathful plenty that I literally quaked. I saw hands from both sides grasp my wife and forcibly yank her upward from her brother’s body. How she screamed and sobbed, and her knees folded upward in agony. With her came away two parts of her brother’s shirt, hanging in tatters from her clenched fists. Ambulance attendants and a fire fighter began feeling Donny’s neck and blowing into his mouth and pushing down on his ribs, loosening his belt and raising his eyelid. At that moment, a surge swept through me – it might have been empathy, but I suspect more envy, as Julie whimpered beseechingly, “Oh Lord, not Donny, please Oh Lord, No-o-o-o-o!”

What possessed me was shock on the one hand, and on the other utter dismay. Yeah, I felt pity and sorrow - for her, not him. There was no reason for my sudden anguish and no Reason to it, the urgent and overpowering distress that gripped me. Almost in agony I reached out to her my Julie, not with my hand, nor my heart, and not my mind. As I said, there was neither reason nor Reason to it, but something else, maybe not even human, for there was no feeling in me of any kind. I was simply defeated by my own ultimate, innate futility. I heard a voice come from within, as I fell to my knees with my hands clasped and I heard my voice cry out from deep, deep, down, “Oh my Lord, save him! Save him! Hear me, Lord! I beg thee! Save our dear brother Donny Taylor, Oh my Lord, we beseech thee: Please let Donny live!”

And damn me if the Power of Prayer can ever be doubted. I was blind with tears and my eyes clenched, my head bowed. I heard voices all round me swirling. I do believe they were the voices of Angels. And I was raised from the Earth and borne aloft, for a moment dreaming I had been taken in Donny’s place, and I was in sub-conscious Ecstasy.

I heard the growling hiss of a serpent as water drowned the dying flames and the jangling of bells celebrated. I woke staring at the sky on an ambulance stretcher, and I raised my head and looked to see the form of my Julie lain upon a third, whilst between us borne on yet another stretcher lay Donny Taylor with his face under a medical breathing mask, his robes rent and his fingers twitching back to life, as he was, upon many hands, raised devoutly aloft into the ambulance. The sacred significance of the vision was not lost on me, nor was I deceived by the temporal features of the experience.

Inevitably, my reveries returned to reality - and Julie likewise was returned unto me. 
“Oh John, my John,” she wept happy tears upon my face in our bed on the night of her return, after so many nights of sadness now mercifully repaired.

Her voice heated my face, close and silky as wet icing smoothed upon a warm cake, “I heard you praying for Donny, I did. You were wonderful, and I know in my heart, our Lord heard your voice. Oh John, I heard your voice, my beloved, my love, how I doubted you. Shame me, John, shame me now…”

Her intentions that night she made plain, and I am not sure if our Lord would entirely approve of all her words and ways. For certainly I shamed her with a vengeance, as we found between us boons I had never in all my life given thought. I do not know what got into her. And less, what possessed me. Were it not for the piousness we shared, I might have thought it Satan.
The woman my Julie whom I now know, I had never known before - nor myself either. I lay after our moments of utter closeness breathing, as though healing from a blessed wound, sorely sublime and frantically serene. There was only one hint of a world beyond our two souls. The hint came when Julie touched me tenderly, and she whispered a question in my ear, followed by a second appeal. She asked if Donny could move into our spare room when he was released from hospital. Then she asked could we pay for the cost of his lawyers, since the fire investigator deduced from the burned out remains of his place the cause of the fire was an illicit crop of the marijuana he had growing in the roof-space. Donny’s dodgy do-it-yourself electrical lighting system apparently set ablaze the illicit leaves or something.
To Julie’s request I was barely able to speak at all. In timeless and sedate merriment I lay suspended still, in tranquil, post-intimacy exaltation. I licked my puffed and wearied lips with dry tongue and my throat quivered as I uttered the only thought I was capable of at that instant.

“Whatever you want, that’s fine, Honey.”

I had no power otherwise. I treated her wishes as our Lord had treated my prayers. I cared not an iota about such things as money or her stupid brother, nor the second mortgage we needed to take on the house to pay for Donny’s disaster. The fact he owes to me his life thereby diminishes any bother he might ever attempt to produce upon me. Now he lives with us, smoking his marijuana out the backyard, dumping his butts in the flower beds, stinking out the house, and ranting at the Universe, I allow him to use the four-wheel drive anytime he asks, though his wheedling excuses often have me shake my head and laugh. I even travel to work on the public bus for his convenience.

Understandably, I returned to my churchgoing with my Faith replenished beyond measure. My many prayers had been answered, and when I changed them at the last moment, from hatred to love, my Lord heard me again and granted me his all-patient favour. And bless my soul, I bear witness – the Lord in his boundless Love and incomprehensible mercy dressed my dreams in fire and ashes and now, made my misery a spectacle of enlightened Joy. My life has been totally transformed. I am greatly admired, not only in my wife’s arms. The CEO at work has praised my immaculately-ironed shirts, and my Director tells me to not worry when I make errors in my work. Nothing surprised me more than the morning tea for staff they held to honour me. A newspaper made me famous with some cock and bull story.

News reports at the time of Donny’s big fire credited me as being overcome by smoke fumes in an attempt to rescue Donny. The legend of my heroism, perhaps misconstrued, may contain more genuine Truth than appears on the surface. My Julie certainly thinks so. There can be no illumination but in relation to darkness, likewise there can be no relief but for the sufferings of experience. Julie insisted Donny thank me for my prayers. He did so, apparently without rancour, no doubt too, partly for the purpose of finding a roof over his head. Now when Donny castigates all and sundry among his enemies, namely Them - the politicians, the police, the status quo, big business, the media, bureaucrats and the whole establishment – I place my hands together and bow my head with closed eyes. My response clearly unsettles him.

I sombrely mutter, “For their sins, oh Lord, may your wrath descend upon all of them! Amen.”

Julie closes her eyes and says Amen. She then smiles at us both fondly, when we have these conversations. It does no harm. Donny’s verbal tantrums I now humour as one might the fancies of a child confused by growing emotions and hormones. I think of it as a joke, a joke that I share with Our Lord who understands everything so shrewdly.




THE LITTLE MOUSE


They said the old girl used to be a TV glamour queen. She sat there, with eyes staring out of the mirror like an unmoving image caught on camera. Then from barely moving lips - a voice – and the old woman facing the mirror spoke – perhaps to an invisible stranger, perhaps to herself. An attendant gathered laundry and stuff and remarked to the trainee nurse.

“What is she doing now?”

“Talking to herself.”

“What’s she saying?”

“Same old thing. It’s a little mouse, Daddy. She’s off with the fairies again, poor old dear.”

The orderly wiped a tear from the old woman’s wrinkles. The orderly spoke, watching the old woman’s face to see if she heard.

“Her husband was a bastard,” said the orderly. “I remember his case well. I blame him for the way she is. Imagine what she went through living with him before he got arrested. They gave the evil bastard twenty years.”

“It a little mouse Daddy,” said the old woman with a baby like voice, staring into the void of the mirror, deep into the gloomy and shadowy past.

***

“It a little mouse Daddy,” said the child with glee.

Without warning the father hurled a house brick at the small grey shadow with sparkling eyes and wispy twitching whiskers. Tiny mouse knuckles were gathered prayer-like, clenched close to a busy mouth from which a crumb fell, as the shadow of the brick descended.  The mouse leapt, without time to see whereto. It was the instant of panic that separates the living from all others. The mouse crashed into the wall as the brick crashed into the same spot at the same time. Brick, mouse and wall joined there together, suspended forever and preserved in the small girl’s tiny fragile mind. By some perverse miracle, the mouse was not killed instantly but lay in a bloody mess, panting, staring with one eye that remained in the squashed skull. The broken body twitched with a single leg protruding from the bleeding fur somewhere in the otherwise normal vicinity of the stomach. Inner parts lay open to the air out of the smirch of bloody gore; the useless leg with perfectly formed, undamaged miniature toes moved in the air as though to wave goodbye.

“Save him, Daddy,” cried the child. “It a little mouse. It a little mouse.”

As an old woman the girl remembered this event. It lay foremost in her dreams among the many things she tried to forget all her life; things done to her, things done to others, things not done and things undone. She remembered the disappointment on her husband’s face when they married. It did not go as he wanted. She was timid. He said she was frigid. When she saw him naked she was horrified at the sight of the size of what she saw. She was terrified when he tried to put it in her. It was so huge, she cried. He was crushed. He thought she was being sarcastic. The power of manhood frightened her always. She could not forget the anger and horror on her father’s face as he stared at the murdered mouse. His whiskers bristled and his eyes were mad and his mouth twitched like he might any minute begin to cry or laugh. The child understood nothing – only the terrible tragedy that surrounded her. Gravity dragged her one step further away from innocence toward ignominy, in her life’s long remorseless slide. She did not know the reason the mouse was punished and why did she herself feel so responsible, so guilty? In her childish effort to make meaning out of the unworthy, she saw her father as a man condemned thereafter. Would God punish him for such a murder? As young as she was, she understood punishment. She wondered, what had she herself done to make this happen? How could she ever understand such a man who would without meaning kill - when he might as well let live? What other senseless harm might he do? As a hardened, brazen adult, she yet shivered when she recalled how coldly she as a child had watched her father inflict the final destruction of the innocent and defenceless mouse, and how this coldness prepared her for things that she would then face through the years. She recalled with microscopic detail, their whiskers and the bright darkness of their eyes and the crushing of her heart between them, when the little mouse and her father collided and her whole world crashed down upon her and kept crashing down all through the years.

Many years later she realised that her father’s next action was not a bad thing. Like so many other things she wished she could reconcile, she realised when it was too late for her to tell him, he did the only thing he then  could do, he put the mouse out of its misery. The child watched him, with the heel of his shoe extinguishing the unfortunate creature’s agony; she watched coldly as his heel drove down on the skull of the battered mite, and she hated him, as she would learn to hate him for other things.

“It a little mouse, Daddy,” she cried.

“Not any more. “

The father smiled mysteriously.

The child was too young to understand why her father was not quite right in the head. What else could be expected after what he had been through? A professional soldier, he rose to the rank of sergeant. He had reason to be proud. Such pride had been purchased at an unseen price, not known or even imagined by those who welcomed him home. He deserved understanding but where would he get such a thing? Not from a mere child, surely. And what would people say if they knew how much of the war he would carry inside him always, and how through his poisoned hands it would touch others without their even knowing where it came from, or what it was?

The child would grow and marry. It was an unusual marriage. She and the husband both worked in TV. He was a minor big shot in the media machine. She was afraid of him. He was bigger than her. She was afraid of things large and small, even things she could not see. Despite having hired help in the home, she was a fanatical cleaner. She drove friends mad with her obsessive habit of wiping down surfaces, and her fear of germs. The husband was unhappy and she was submissive. That much friends could see. She seemed afraid of the husband. She seemed afraid of everything. Only in front of a camera or a mirror did she ever seem at ease. The sight of a mouse made her hysterical. She was a success in front of camera. At stages in her career she was famous as a weather lady, for general on-air hosting duties, and for years reading the news. She was not at her best reading bulletins dealing with violence and tragedy. She displayed her nerves. She looked afraid. The network almost took her off air, until audience research showed a positive response. When she read of the hunt for the masked rapist who preyed on married women, her hands shook. Women identified, and men were beguiled. She was different from the rest. She had the hypnotic art they said of staring through the camera lens into the home. She had numerous platonic relations with male colleagues on account of her petite appearance and gloss. They said she was as cute as a painted mouse. These friendships all turned sour when any male friend tried something with her. They called it getting fresh. There was nothing fresh about it. No. It was stale muck as far as she was concerned. For heavens sake, she told them, one after the other, I’m another man’s wife. This only spurred some men to try harder. Their faces as they cajoled her seemed to sweat and swell, and to contort at close quarters into visions of her father. Male proximity gave her shudders. She let them think she had loyalty hang ups toward her husband. She earned the reputation of a prick teaser. When her husband told her this, she smiled. What the smile represented he never knew. When he complained of the lack of sexual activity in the marriage, she gave him a torn out page of newspaper. It was from the classified section, a page of advertisements for Adult Relaxation Services. She suggested he seek satisfaction from professionals, since he did not like what he got at home. He said he could not remember getting anything at home it was so rare. She told him she was on his side. They could both enjoy the relief. He should enjoy himself. Do whatever you want, she said, I will stand by you! That’s how they got by - they could afford it, until her medical bills started flooding in. But regardless of how bad finances became, she always insisted the husband enjoy a weekly visit to the brothel. It was as much his right as her donations to animal charities and her subscription to the Protection of Small Rodents Association. She had no evidence of the reason for her husband’s long absences and his strange behaviour. He was fanatical about his privacy. He became a compulsive watcher of the news at times, watching reports of mystery serial crimes with childish glee. He kept secrets from her. She knew it, but she did not want to know what they were. She was afraid of what those secrets might be. When police arrested him, she thought it was all a big mistake, she said. The pressure of the lie, the tension of the court case with its stressful publicity finally tipped her over the edge, they said. She was lucky, after the network took her off air, to get a little work. But her heart was not in it. She was no longer competent. She let the offers dribble away. She disowned her husband. She became a recluse. There was no routine or reason to draw her away from the image of herself in the mirror. It became the focus of her existence, like a mirror in a cage to a small thing with feathers or fur kept alone too long. Some in the family feared she was going the way of her father down the path of rapid late life decline.

It was a shame watching her father poor old Barney go that way. The local war hero, deserved better. Sometimes he would smile for strange secret reasons. Poor old Barney never was the same after the war, they said. He served in Korea and Vietnam. Small wars, perhaps, but he was a deadly shot and a brave man who won medals, a natural hunter, a trained killer, a born leader, a man rightly much admired and respected in the community. Nobody believed the child when she accused her father of bad things. He was a good man. The mother worried how the poor father would react if he ever discovered what the child said about him. It might push him completely over the edge. The poor man had given enough to his country. The mother thought, what right did anyone have to torture the poor man’s nervous wreckage – and even more so the wild imaginings of a child? And where did a child pick up such language? The mother slapped the small face more from surprise than anger. It was not a very hard blow, but to the child it felt of betrayal; the force of the blow exploded inside her. If such was the punishment for speaking the unwanted truth where might she drag her heart for shelter? So young, she found herself upon the downward path to where life drags too many. Even through her married life in her dreams with tears streaming down her face, she would hear her own distant words echo. Her husband never understood why she woke up at night crying. She was a highly-strung woman, submissive in every other way, except she did not enjoy being touched. As he served out his twenty-year sentence, when fellow prisoners asked the husband bluntly what it was like to fuck the famous TV beauty, the ex-husband told lie upon lie. Every lie was more depraved and extreme in fantasy than the one before it, to please his captive audience all the more. His popularity grew. Few imaginable indignities did she escape in his lies. Most tantalising of all to the prisoners was how much she loved everything he did to her, in his lies. It got better the more she lost her mind, he laughed.

In the course of his twenty year long crime spree, he said, if it wasn’t for the fact that his wife noticed nothing he would not have been able to prey on his victims so easily for so long. He said she never noticed a thing. And if she did notice, she said nothing. He knew she was afraid of him. But he never knew why. She was of everything in life. He found her increasingly in front of the mirror staring at her reflection and muttering strangely. He sometimes mentioned the frustration this caused him, in his last days of freedom, when she was off with the fairies.

“It a little mouse, Daddy.”

He said, whatever she saw in the mirror there was nothing there he could ever see. She was still there, at it, when the coppers arrived. He shook his head. It took them ten minutes to snap her out of it. He should have tried the trick himself, he said, the rat house couldn’t be worse than “this place”. The coppers stripped him and he knew he was a goner. His wife watched serenely, as though she did not see. And she did not support him through the trial. His letters received no reply. But even though she turned her back on him, the husband sighed in his cell - she was still his wife as far as he knew, sitting in front of a mirror somewhere, unless she was dead. He guessed she would be happy enough wherever she was. He felt more married to her now than ever he did before. He began to love her, the way she never was. His stories got to him. His mind wed her in them. Fellow prisoners attended the wedding, night after night, listening to the filthy lies, the filthier the better, from the famous serial rapist who preyed on other men’s wives. In his stir crazed memory his lost wife was transformed. She became an accomplice in the fantasies he grew to believe. She played the part of willing victims, real and imagined, in his stories and his dreams. He played the big man. But every time he took a piss, the truth emerged. Witness accounts provided by victims at his trial all referred to the size of the offending weapon. The attacker was spectacularly small in that region, they stated. News reports repeated the quotes nauseously. They called him the poorly endowed masked rapist, while the cops, with their strange police humour, referred to it among themselves as the Case of the Little Mouse.



INSPECTOR CARDIAC SOLVES A CASE


Inspector Cardiac dressed in his best suit for a dinner date, one week before his retirement. The coat was loose. Loneliness in late years was eating him away, but the coat hung well on his lean frame. He licked a finger and smoothed his thin grey moustache. Unfortunately tonight was merely a social call. He placed in his pockets a wallet, matches, keys, cell-phone, a magnifying glass wrapped in a clean white handkerchief, a pipe and tobacco and a pistol. He clipped a beeper to his belt, and patted his hips.

He had a crush on the independent lady hotelier, Madame, but who wouldn’t? She was a fine specimen. Of course he had no hope. The age difference of thirty years did not help. He drove up the long narrow laneway to the small hotel, the Pension Parmi les Nuages, high on the hillside overlooking the sea. He parked his town-car behind Madame’s yellow four-wheel micro-mini runabout. On a fencepost by a crumbling shrine, a large grey-winged seabird, a ghostly gabion stood defiantly white in the misty moonlight and rising sea mist.

A squabbling pack of dogs barked manically as the Inspector mounted stairs to the Pension terrace. Madame met him with gracious cheek-kisses at the doorway, oblivious to the swirl of mutts yapping round his legs. Behind him the sea dappled with the dancing shine of moonlight. In the warm glow of electric houselights Madam’s eye glittered and her cheeks gleamed. Her face slightly creased adding to the charm of her smile.

The Inspector was pleased to learn Madame’s mute friend declined to join them. The mute would dine alone in his room, she said, offering no excuse for the scoundrel’s lack of good manners. The fast-working mute, Madame’s so-called guest, her lover according to hearsay, had been in town only a few months. The Inspector was selectively deaf to gossip, and he tried to not even think about what he heard. Some people seemed to like the mute, but people are easily fooled. The Inspector did not like the mute drifter at first sight. He ran a police-check, but the guy was clean. Or, at least his record was clean. The Inspector still didn’t trust him. You never know.

The mute on the other hand, showed no care one way or the other about the Inspector, other than a blatant disinterest in the Inspector’s obsessive chatter. Madame explained to the mute, it is useful to stay on good terms with authorities. Now Inspector Cardiac was retiring, he might put in a positive word with his replacement…

“Hopefully the new police chief will be as easy to get along with as the one we have now.”

Inspector Cardiac and Madame were joined at the dining table by a couple of young guests. Polite, modern, tattooed trendies, it was hard to tell him from her at a glance, with lookalike dark clothing and pale faces with many piercings. Cardiac knew the type. He kept his thoughts to himself, though the pursing of his lips gave intimation. Fresh flowers graced the table. Cats and dogs preyed on Madame’s scraps. After sharing a bowl of fifty sea urchins for aperitif, the meal was delicious, large herb-stuffed sardines baked in tomatoes and onions, and a salad sweating garlic, pepper and oil. The cheese and bread were exquisite, said the Inspector. He tore chunks of baguette with a flourish, he made jolly remarks on how Madam’s dogs swooped like gabions on bits of cheese rind she dropped to the floor, and he laughed with a mouthful of bread; the wine was superb.

Madame showed great interest in the Inspector’s theories about two recent murders in Paris, totally unrelated. One was the assassination of a high-ranking businessman. That was an inside job if ever there was one. The other was the intriguing case of a body dumped on a demolition site, found burned beyond recognition, certainly female. Under microscope, stab wounds were evident in the torso of the charred remains. That fitted the Inspector’s theory it was a crime of passion, not merely foul play. There was a lot more of that sort of thing in the old days, before women’s liberation, he said.

The young man made awkward excuses, and the tattooed couple went to their room. Madame and the Inspector exchanged knowing smiles behind the departing pair. The Inspector moved his chair closer. He had consumed a litre of wine. His eyes and lips showed it. Bread crumbs stuck to his face were wine-coloured. He fumbled with the chair and took a while to get round to what he had to say.

He picked the napkin from his lap and said softly, “As you know, I shall soon be retired. I could spend a little of my spare time helping you here, you know. It would give me an interest. I see you still have trees needing pruning. There must be many odd jobs… And I would be security for you, added protection alone up here as you are at times.”

“I’m never alone here. I have my cats and my dogs, and…”

“Yes, cats and dogs and that fellow - that’s what I worry about. I’m not happy with you alone with him here, however helpful he may be. Men like that…”

The Inspector raised his brows melodramatically, and mopped his lips with the napkin and discretely left it at that.

“He’s my friend and my guest,” Madame said blandly.

Then she brightened, “Oh by the way, what can you tell me about this new Inspector we are yet to meet?”

Madame began to clear things from the table. The Inspector dutifully recounted what he knew of his impending replacement, a no-account timeserver from the Dark Side. The Inspector reflected that there are two sides to police work. He developed a thoughtful scowl and his voice took a soberly measured tone.

Quite simply, the bright side of police work is all murder and robbery, investigation and deduction. The Dark Side occurs behind closed doors, in the bureaucracy, both sides of the Department. He summed up the wisdom of a lifetime’s police work. It took a while. Madame made several trips to the kitchen, showing appropriate curiosity on the way to and fro. The Inspector’s admiring gaze followed her in both directions. He said some silly things. The table was cleared. He noticed a slim crime novel on a side-table. She offered it to him. Perhaps the wine was not as superb as the Inspector first thought. In any case the conversation had gone not well. He apologised for his previous boldness. He was simply concerned for Madame’s safety, and he thanked Madame profusely for a wonderful evening, and for the book.

With Cardiac gone, Madam left the dinner dishes stacked in the kitchen, for the cats to lick off what they wanted. It was midnight when Madame found the mute pretending to be asleep in his room at the bottom of the stairs. She stripped down and slipped between the sheets alongside him. He rolled over and stared in the semi-darkness. She asked was it okay, she did not want to disturb the dogs in her room. Plus, she was lonely. He grunted. She described the Inspector’s visit.

“Same old Inspector, same old boring prattle… He never grows tired of talking about himself.”

The mute snorted. She asked how the mute liked his new sandals. She reminded him he had to pick up a guest next day. She began to speak of her future plans. The mute slithered within the sheets around her, and he hissed like a snake. His hands came from different directions, and he seized her bare shoulders. Without warning, his teeth worried the soft flesh of her neck with insufferably ticklish nibbles…

The night had just begun for them. And they were at it again in the warmth of the next morning, till in the distance outside the seaward window the sun rose out of the sea, redder-than-red, streaking shallow banks of dark cloud with slashes of fiery glow.

The mute was first to rise. In the kitchen he found the metal baking-dish licked smooth and shiny. The day shone around him with a chorus of meowling cats clawing at his new sandals. As he cleared the clutter and washed the dishes, with dogs fighting among themselves outside, and the shrieking of large white seabirds, the proud gabions, airborne and perched on chimney-tops, with their aggressive cries imitating sheep, cats, geese, dogs and human babies. The gabions’ orange beaks were weapons able to rip open garbage bags that these feathered-scavengers preyed on overnight in the harbour-side town far below.

The mute set things boiling. Soon the scent of coffee, strong enough to almost raise the dead, filled the air as Madame appeared in the kitchen, threw on her apron and performed miracles. Aromas spread from the kitchen doorway to arouse tastebuds. Food appeared. Guests appeared.

Madame was here and there, whispering words of encouragement to the mute, and a warm welcome to everyone else, next thing she was on her haunches cleaning a dog mess from floor tiles beside a couch, as the young guests enjoyed late breakfast alone at the nearby table. The red-eyed guests silently enjoyed the view of white birds scattered in the sky, the village rooftops below the tree-line, the busy harbour and the high horizon out to sea in the direction of Africa, through wispy clouds slowly making their way uphill. In the misty distance, a tuna boat came landwards from the sea, surrounded by opportunistic feathered omnivores, flecks of white sparkling in the sunshine.

Morning sunlight bleached the terrace and poured through windows and glass doors, across the large room to the far wall. Various cats lay on warm tiles and licked their paws, assorted dogs licked where their tongues could reach; and with big eyes they watched all goings-on with Lordly disinterest.

On this brilliant sunny day the mute drove briskly through the narrow alleys of the old village. It was his job to pick up a guest arriving by train. He wore new sandals, a gift from the boss lady. She was more than the boss. He parked her canvas-roofed yellow runabout outside the boucherie and skipped across the road to the boulangerie. He promptly returned with the usual order of baguettes tucked under his arm. Across the canal bridge he motored to the rail station in the Mediterranean sunshine. Noisy, wide-winged gabions whirled over the water.

At the station’s historic archway, as the tall, thin mute went by, a chubby young porter muttered out the side of his mouth to an ancient station-attendant.

“Look, there he is again, that jerk! What Madame up on the hill sees in him, I don’t know. He can’t even talk that guy. Has he got a tongue?”

Thinking about it, the grizzled old station attendant said nothing. The mute held up a sign that read Pension Parmi les Nuages as he waded against the tide of passengers spilling from carriages and flowing to the station exit. A white hat caught the mute’s eye, worn by a man in a white suit, not a tall man but wide shouldered with a low-slung head that moved easily, perhaps too easily, his eyes casing the crowd. The guy in white had a hint of the hunter. His large hands gripped two medium sized matching cases, a subtle tone of tan; the luggage seemed to weigh nothing. The man in the white hat saw the upheld sign and approached. His face creased lazily with a grin one side. He gave off a scent of wood.

“So you’re the mute, huh? She said you’d be here. I’m Monsieur Martin. You can’t talk, eh? No questions, that’s perfect, you and I’ll get along fine.”

The mute smiled and picked up the chunky stranger’s cases. They were heavier than they looked.

The distinctive yellow runabout strained up the hillside, through the old fishing village, weaving along poky streets designed for donkey-traffic, now a hotchpotch maze lined with empty vehicles blocking the sidewalk, half-blocking the roadway.  At an intersection there was a delay. The road ahead was barred by a small, smoke-belching car. Out the window of the undersize vehicle blocking the way, a big man leaned waving his arms in exuberant conversation with friends on the sidewalk. It took a while.

Alongside the mute, the impatient man in white tapped his fingers on the dash. “Nice town”, he groaned, “Nobody’s in too much hurry here.” He perused the passenger side of the street where a rundown fishing-and-sports store window displayed a model of leisure rifle, under ornate signwriting: The secret of good hunting!

The man in white mused, “Hmm, the secret of good hunting, eh.”

Then he laughed through his nose. Flags of washing flapped from first floor windows over the streets. The village was soon left behind. The little yellow car groaned down a gear at a sign Rue Dans Issue. It swung off the roadway, following a narrow drive between ancient stone walls, climbing steeply under a canopy of overhanging branches, far uphill to a dead end. There the yellow micro-auto clumped to a halt near the gateway close to a crumbling stone altar topped by an elaborate cross constructed of rust. From the gate, stone paving led upward through the skeletons of a mulberry orchard, to the steps of the vine-covered hilltop pension, where from the terrace one overlooked treetops, the village roofs below, the harbour, and the sea all the way to the horizon. Most of the gnarled mulberry trees were pruned brutally, surrounded by a multitude of weeds dancing in bloom. Other trees awaited the secateurs and pruning saw, their unwanted new season growth of long thin branches reaching skyward.

The mute followed the man in white up the garden path. The man with free hands took the steps briskly. He stopped to admire the view at the top, while the mute with travel bags and baguettes caught up. The man removed his white hat to squint at the wide winged gabions whirling above.

“Nice setting,” he muttered and slapping his hat on his thigh, he turned to go in.

The lady hotel owner sat on a low couch in the sunny main room, smiling - Madame with on her lap a fleabag bouquet. Madame wore her usual dark dungarees, darker sweater and rainbow foulard. The walls surrounding her were cluttered with objet d’art and framed photographs. Several dogs on her lap were different shapes and colours, with big eyes, but all the same tiny size. Madame sprang to her feet and dogs spilled everywhere. A few yelped. The boss-dog squawked like a piglet. He was the ugliest and noisiest of the rat-like pooches, therefore, as in human society, he was the leader and he asserted his authority in the raucous melee.

The mute avoided the dogs, and he dumped the bread on the dining table and disappeared with the guest’s luggage upstairs. A couple of dogs scurried at his heels. Madame and the guest in white meanwhile greeted each other with cheek-kisses. The floor-tiles clicked from the heels of riding boots she wore. She’d never been on the back of a horse, but they suited her. Her beaming hospitality added light to the room and the guest’s half-grin glowed with her warmth.

“Monsieur Martin?” she looked at him confused and glanced at a photograph on the wall, then she returned her eyes to his face with a friendly smirk.

“Ha-ha, your name is not Martin… I know you. You are Monsieur Dusourire…”

“I beg your pardon?”

Slowly a scowl melted from the face of the man in white. He raised a finger to his lips then he chuckled.

“Yes, you are quite right, it’s me. I’m working undercover. It’s nothing to do with you or this place… government business elsewhere. Don’t waste your time asking more than that.”

It was not only his face she recognised, it was the braced smile and cold eyes.

“Well, Monsieur Dusourire, it has been a long time between visits. You see I still have that photograph of you and your wife on the wall over there, from the time you stayed here. You were my first honeymooners. How long ago was that? How is she these days?”

The Monsieur’s face stiffened till his smile was gone. If anything, the coldness in his eyes grew icier. He turned slowly to the wall of framed photographs and artefacts Madame pointed to.

“Take it down and burn it,” he said, “And please call me Martin.”

He grumbled as far as his private life was concerned, it had not gone well in recent years, but no, he was not divorced. Things were not that simple. Madame said she understood perfectly. She had a husband from 10 years ago and she was still not divorced from him. It made little difference. Monsieur Martin said his situation was not like that, and he changed the subject. Madame informed him the other current guests were a young couple. They were leaving, and a male guest was expected next day. That pleased the Monsieur. He went to his room.

He locked the door from inside and located his bags at the foot of his bed. He removed his white coat and rolled up his shirtsleeves and he unpacked a few things. From among belongings he lifted a hinged leather box from which he removed a pistol. He admired the weapon and put it back. That was insurance, if things go wrong. He did not intend to kill anyone with it. He retrieved from an inner side-pocket of his luggage a plastic zip-bag containing a knife. The knife blade was well stained with darkened matter. Then from the other case Monsieur Martin removed a weighty bundle of technician’s hand tools.

In the kitchen later, Madame whispered to the mute, this new guest Monsieur “Martin” had marriage problems and he was working undercover for the government. That was no surprise. She recalled he had marriage problems on his honeymoon. She said he was a creepy man. She remembered now, he was a secret army type his young wife said at the time.

Dusourire was a guest on his honeymoon years ago, when Madame was married to her third husband. M. Dusourire’s poor young bride was terrified of him. Madame whispered lower, close to the mute’s ear that the young wife was the saddest woman Madame ever met. The mute shoved a cat off the sink and grunted. He crushed garlic cloves with the flat of a knife. He pushed the cat off the sink again, and it fell among others mooching round floor level. The mute chopped the garlic, and cut ginger and other stuff, and Madame asked if he could go downstairs to do laundry. The mute raised his hands, silently beseeching the heavens for mercy.

Then his hands found their way to Madame’s waist. He leaned his neck over her shoulder and kissed her ear. He made a sound in his throat.

“Go! Don’t be silly,” she giggled, twisting her ear away from his tickly breath, and she hustled a few steps away.

The mute growled like a dog disturbed from its food. He slunk off to his allotted task. The guest dressed in white came downstairs, and crossed the mute’s path on his way.  When Madame saw the white suit at the kitchen door, she smiled over her shoulder, stirring a big pot with a wooden spoon, “I took that photograph down, as you asked. I’m sorry if it offended you.”

“Not at all,” Monsieur Martin said with a thin smile - his eyes squinted in friendly fashion.

“It was unreasonable of me. My marriage is a touchy subject. It was a touchy subject. It’s all over now. There is merely one minor detail to sort out. Neither of us was really happy, even in the beginning. There was a lot of social pressure, and that sort of thing.”

Madame laughed and wiped steam from her face. The guest ventured into the kitchen. In the background was a barking uproar from outside. The mute returned from the laundry, skipping upstairs to warn Madame of the Inspector’s arrival. Seeing the kitchen crowded, the mute detoured to the pantry. He eavesdropped as he searched out a bulk container of laundry liquid.

The mute heard M. Martin tell Madame, “You are the reason I am pleased to be here, though other circumstances have led me here. Over the years I remembered how I felt in this place. Many times I relived those weeks spent here. My brightest memories are the view, the quietness and you. I’ve never forgotten any of it…”

He gave a laugh with his eyes fixed on her.

“Maybe it’s silly, but those memories always gave me precisely the same feeling I had when I arrived here today, the minute I stood on the terrace at your front door, staring out to sea. It was as though time had disappeared. I almost forgot what I have come for. Strange that…”

“Yes, it is a lovely view,” Madame agreed.

Martin tilted his head, “And the years seem to have treated you well. Are you still married to the gentleman? I forget his name.”

“Oh, no he’s long gone…” said Madame.

“Not replaced?”

Madame said she had too many ex-husbands already. As one grows older, one becomes more sensible about things. She said she now shares her life with a friend, but they don’t flaunt it. With mention of the lover’s name, Monsieur Martin did a double-take and pointed backward with his thumb vaguely over his shoulder.

“The mute?”

The discussion was interrupted, by canine ruckus at the front door. The Inspector entered the pension surrounded by yelping dogs, as he waved a slender book in the air.

The Inspector called out to Madame when he approached the kitchen, “Thank you. Thank you. I read all night, and finished this morning. I could not wait to return this fine novel and thank you. It illustrates all I was saying. A marvellous read, just as it says on the cover…”

With a beaming grin and bouncing step he traversed the dining room and reaching the kitchen doorway to exchange cheek kisses. He noticed over Madame’s shoulder a man in a white suit by the sink.

Inspector Cardiac’s demeanour instantly sobered. He apologised for interrupting. Not at all, Madame introduced the men and she lowered the heat on the stove gas, smoothly drying her hands and removing her apron. The men shook hands, and eagerly joined her at the dining table where she served hot coffee from a large thermos.

The conversation was one-sided. Monsieur Martin was unable to speak about his Government work. The Inspector respected national security, but he was free to discuss his lifetime of civil service.

“Justice is not Government work. It belongs to the people. In theory, at least….”

Monsieur Martin listened with a half-smile and an occasional nod. The Inspector joked he served in the police force more years than malefactors serve in prison for murder. He boasted of his speed-reading capabilities, and his photographic memory. He spoke of several contemporary cases that interested him, in particular the recent case of the mysterious burned corpse. Monsieur Martin’s eyes widened and narrowed again. He pouted, and speculated.

“Perhaps the truth will never been known.”

The Inspector muttered drily, “One should not underestimate the powers of deduction. But I must agree it is unlikely the full truth is ever known regarding any crime of passion.”
He then chuckled, “Speaking of passion: we lose our colourful young guests tomorrow, I believe.”

Madame said a new guest was expected.

Monsieur Martin raised his eyebrows, “Perhaps a single man arriving by train from Paris?”

Madame said that was so. The Inspector gasped.

“Amazing! How did you deduce that? Or was it a wild guess?”

Monsieur Martin quipped with a sly smirk, “The mute told me.”

With a questioning stare the Inspector stroked his thin moustache. Seeing Martin wink, he slapped his knee, and the two men shared a naughty chuckle, while Madame sat in stony-faced silence. The Inspector remembered himself with a cough and fell silent. Martin bowed and excused himself with an additional chuckle. When he was gone, the Inspector said to Madam, “I feel a lot better with a chap like that about the place. He seems a decent, reliable type. I’d like to know more about him. Yes, I should…”

“All my guests are nice people,” said Madame.

“Bah,” said the Inspector.

“You are the nice one. You bring out the best in everyone. And don’t forget my offer of assistance. I could help you look after things here, now I have time on my hands. You may find I’m a decent, reliable type too.”

He grinned. If he saw what he looked like at that moment, maybe he would not have. His face glowed with half-witted optimism. Madame had no choice but to brush the moment aside with a girlish laugh.

Later in the night, the mute entered Madame’s room, where in the darkness she lay surrounded by furry fleabags. The mute hunted a cat out of the room, and he evicted the dogs from the bed. The platoon of miniature canines sat in a disgruntled row, with huge eyes watching shadows move in the dark, their ears twitching to every whisper, every squeak, every bump and every sigh. Buried among clothes in a cane basket in the corner of the dark room, a hidden cat curled dead to the world. Madame began to complain in a soft voice about the rude guest in the white suit. The mute’s insistent lips prevented her saying more than a few words...

The night passed like a dream. Madame met the morning in her customary full-length apron and in a whirlwind of activity, surrounded by animals. Food appeared for cats and dogs and people. The telephone rang. Hot breakfast materialised. Smells of coffee and toasted baguette and bacon filled the air. The mute wandered like a self-satisfied shadow between odd menial tasks. All the while, upon its high perch on the hillside, the Pension Parmi les Nuages overlooked the ancient moods of the mighty Mediterranean. Wide blue water stretched away to the edge of the sky. Giant tuna boats came in from the rough sea, appearing in the distance the size of toys surrounded by white moving spots; no fishing vessel in centuries had returned to harbour without an escort of the jostling gabions, in the distance the big seabirds appeared like clouds of tiny white blowfly above floating trash cans.

After breakfast, Madame and the mute sipped coffee on the landing atop the terrace stairs, high on the hill over village and harbour, before launching into preparations for lunch. Madame received a telephone call from the Inspector.

“Who in the blazes is this Martin character you have staying with you?” the Inspector sounded grumpy. “He doesn’t exist.”

Madame laughed. She quickly clarified the confusion.

“Sure, sure,” said the Inspector, “Don’t perplex me. What is his real name?”

He waited in silence, while Madame weighed up the importance of national security versus the Inspector’s peace of mind, then she whispered, “Dusourire…”

***

With cheerful cheek-kisses in the main room of the Pension Parmi les Nuages, Madame bade a fond farewell to the young tattooed trendies on their departure. The mute led the couple out into the sunshine. Madame wandered off to one of the bathrooms with dustpan and broom to clean up a fresh cat-kill. Tiny dogs bouncing on stub-like legs suddenly created havoc, stampeding down the stairs and from all directions barking in panic, descending on the doorway, out in a fury, hurtling downhill, yelping all the way, and threatening to bite anything that fit in their mouths.

Out the open gate they fled in a pack to attack the local postman. The tiny postman was terrified. Madame stormed out the front door in pursuit of the dogs, and down the steps yelling, then down the path waving a hand-broom in the air, dashing to save the fragile old fellow, as the barking rats corralled the trembling postman behind his bicycle, and he backed up against the yellow auto.

The cats who quietly ruled the hotel building watched proceedings from windows, or from where they sprawled in the sunshine along the ledge of the terrace. At an upstairs window, M. Martin grinned from behind half closed shutters, as the mute below helped the young couple with luggage out the gateway.

Madame screamed louder and the postman squawked in the pandemonium. The young couple laughed and the mute ignored the fuss, as Madame gained domination. She admonished the dogs fiercely and scolded them by name. She herded them back through the Pension gate.
The postman, first chance he got, bounced away on his bicycle downhill.
The little yellow auto was loaded. What did not fit in, was tied on. And away it went. The auto caught the jiggling bicycle-rider, and crawled behind, unable to squeeze past on the narrow drive; and Madame stomped up the pathway under the skeletal trees, with boots stamping on the stones behind the happy mutts, panting with her face red as if she had done all the barking and screaming without their help.

The man in the white coat licked his lips at the upper window, with a look of satisfaction, part-hidden in the shadow of the shutter. He watched events take their natural course. He gathered his hat and went downstairs for a stroll among the weeds and the cats and dogs in the garden.

***

The mute dropped off the trendy young guests at the rail station. The mod young man shook the mute’s hand and thanked him. The tattooed girl gave the mute cheek kisses goodbye as the train arrived. The mute wandered in the crowd looking for the next expected guest. He found a middle-aged fidgety bald man with a single small suitcase. Not a holiday-goer, the man walked quickly, repeatedly glancing over his shoulder like a refugee or fugitive in a movie scene. The bald man hurried toward the upheld Pension Parmi les Nuages sign.

“Let’s get out of here,” the bald man said to the mute, without introducing himself.

On the drive through the village the new arrival asked questions, turning to peer out the tiny back window. He smelled of sweat. The mute explained with obvious hand-signs he couldn’t talk. The guy apologised. He forgot, the Manager of the Pension mentioned that. He had a lot on his mind. He wiped his face and scalp and muttered he hoped the Pension was ‘out of the way’. A friend had planned to meet him there, but he didn’t know if she could make it, he would wait a few days, he didn’t know how long. He was exhausted. The mute nodded and swung off the road, up the Rue Dans Issue.

From the first floor window Monsieur Martin watched from a crack between his almost closed shutters, as the yellow runabout halted below the hotel. Martin grinned to see a bald man clamber out clinging to a suitcase. The new arrival looked carefully in every direction but not toward the sea. Then he hurried up the path under the lengthening shadows of mulberry branches.

Monsieur Martin stared from the window, rubbing his hands together, his lips twisted in thought. The mute meanwhile vanished from view, whilst downstairs Madame greeted the newcomer with warm cheek-kisses.

“Ah, Monsieur Tracas…”

The guest suffered the formality, with eyes darting about the bright room.

Madam’s voice sang welcome, “How wonderful to meet you, I hope you have a restful stay with…”

Monsieur Tracas interrupted, asking were there other guests. Only one she said, a Monsieur Martin, and he was dining in his room that night before leaving next day. Monsieur Tracas seemed nervously satisfied. He asked could he speak to her in privacy. They were already alone. She took him to the kitchen. His lips trembled, his eyes were damp. He said he was expecting to meet a friend but it was a delicate matter.

“I don’t know what has happened to her. She told me to meet her here if anything happened. And now she just disappears. So I guess I should wait.”

Madame wiped her hands on a drying cloth. Dogs and a cat watched closely.

“It sounds strange,” she said, “But nothing unusual.”

“I may be silly, worrying about nothing. But if anyone asks for me, you’ve never heard of me, okay?”

Madame’s brow creased as she raised her eyebrows.

“Certainly you can rely on my discretion. But what if the lady friend you speak of comes asking for you?”

The bald man smiled. It was the calm smile of a gentle man, unlike his nervous talk. He had pleasant features and nice eyes when his face relaxed.

“I suppose I’m being overdramatic. I don’t want to be caught off guard if anything happens.”

“What do you mean if anything happens? We don’t want any trouble.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll be no trouble. If he comes here, I’ll go.”

“He? This is our quiet season. I’d like to keep it that way. But if he turns up, who is he?”

The bald man swallowed and his face reddened. Madame tilted her head.

Monsieur Tracas swallowed again and said, “Her husband.”

“Oh, a jealous husband, is that all? They’re no trouble. I’ve had a few of them myself. I think they all are actually. You’ll be quite safe here. We’ve dealt with these things before. You must be tired. I’ll do dinner early. We can sign you in the register tomorrow when you’ve rested, if you prefer.”

“Oh, thank you,” said the worried guy.

His face softened and he smiled again, with the look of a lonely little worried boy.

“I’ll go to my room now.”

He returned for dinner with Madame and the mute. The only other guest ate alone in his room. Madame talked a lot and the mute grunted, while she slipped tit-bits to animals clawing at her chair. At times Madame and the mute did sign language, but the mute was embarrassed by Madame’s efforts. The mute preferred to grunt and groan.

The bald man avoided conversation and fiddled with his food. He went to bed early. Madame and the mute followed soon after to her room. In the hours between late and early she was disturbed by noises, the boss-dog began barking and she let it out the door into the hallway, and later someone took a shower in the dead of night, but nothing unusual. Maybe the nervous new guest had trouble sleeping with all his worries. The mute did not stir, even when she poked him to see if he was awake. She tried to wake him, to send him to see what the dog was growling for. She was too tired to go herself. The mute just rolled over and snored. So she did too.

In the morning Monsieur Martin bounded downstairs early for breakfast, spotlessly white with his two bags in hand ready to depart. After a leisurely breakfast, a fond farewell from Madame and a promise to return, it was time to go. The bug-eyed boss-dog squatted staring at Monsieur Martin, growling the whole time, the mutt’s torso quivering. The remaining guest, Monsieur Tracas had not yet appeared for breakfast.

Outside, the bright sky was clear blue with a chilly breeze. From out at sea, approaching the harbour mouth, pale specks like white vultures circled a death-boat returning from a voyage laden with maritime massacre.

The mute delivered Monsieur Martin and his two bags to the rail station. Martin leaned across from his seat and shook the mute’s hand. He half-grinned with grit teeth and sneered as he stared searchingly into the mute’s eyes. In surprise the mute allowed his hand to be shaken. The man in white gave a slow, condescending waggle of his head and laughed. Then he slipped out the door, leaned back in, grabbed his bags and was gone, without a word. It seemed there were cops everywhere. The mute quickly closed the door left open by the creepy guy and drove away.

***

The mute found somewhere to park in the village. He did a shopping-run through the open-air market. On his return with a load of baguettes and bulging plastic bags of fish and vegetables, he found the way blocked at the top of the hill by a police patrol car and the Inspector’s runabout. The mute parked behind them and hobbled up the last of the hill with his bags.

A cop at the front door blocked the mute from entering the Pension. The mute stomped about the terrace in exasperation, begging with his hands to hear what was going on. Then he was ushered inside, past the open door to his room. He saw a watch on the middle of his bed. The cop’s firm grip on his elbow guided the mute upstairs, to the Inspector and Madame in the hallway.

Madame stood with tightly folded arms and a stern face, “I don’t know how anyone could have gotten in… the door was locked when I heard the cat scratching to get out, and obviously no one answered when I knocked… and I found him… and the room-key was inside on the dresser. It doesn’t make sense unless…”

Her voice froze in mid-sentence when the mute appeared. The Inspector saw the change in Madame’s face. Turning to see the mute, the Inspector smiled.

“Did you see the watch?”

The mute nodded, the Inspector’s smile widened.

“So did we!” said the Inspector.

He turned to Madame, and said, “You told me we could look anywhere…”

Madame cried to the mute, “Monsieur Tracas is dead …. been murdered! Can you believe it? Stabbed, there’s blood everywhere in there.”

She pointed at a shut door. The mute made hand-signs and the Inspector snapped, “That’s enough of that. No secret communication. What do you know about the knife we found in your room with the victim’s watch…. etcetera?”

The Inspector waved his hands in the air with the word etcetera. The mute shook his head and stared scared. With a gaping sound he mouthed the word what?

“We’ll need an interpreter,” said the Inspector to a uniformed underling. “Take him away to assist our enquiries, nothing official, just a friendly chat for now.”

“Inspector,” Madame said, “I can interpret for you.”

“Madame,” the Inspector looked at her powerlessly.

His eyes melted, and his voice with them, as he said, “I’m afraid that is impossible.”

“You’re making a big mistake,” said Madame, turning with concentration to the floor, “He’s done nothing. It’s impossible, totally ridiculous. He was with me the whole time, all night and all this morning, until he drove Monsieur Martin to the station…”

The Inspector’s chest sagged. His eyes searched Madame’s face as she raised her eyes as the mute was led downstairs. Her face pained as the mute’s head descended from sight. She returned her eyes to the floor and said, “Did you see that before?” She pointed to a trail of faint smudges on the edge of the hall rug. They were almost indiscernible at a glance, blending with the patterned weave.

The smudges marked a trail between the door of the room where the victim was found and the room adjacent. Madam wiped an eye dry on the back of a hand and she pointed her finger.

“That was Monsieur Martin’s room,” she said.

The Inspector opened the door to the room where lay the corpse in situ. The trail of smudges on the floor inside grew clearer until it led under the edge of the bloody bed where the body lay. Someone had trodden in a patch of partially-digested feathers and muck. The bird-sized mess lay in a pool of blood filtered through the mattress above. The Inspector scratched his chin and followed the trail of smudge marks a few steps back to the hallway. He inspected beneath his shoes and asked Madam to show the soles of her boots. They were clean. He drew a magnifying glass from his pocket. A couple of marks on the carpet he inspected closely through the glass lens, while holding a handkerchief over his nose, moustache and mouth. He thought he detected smidges of blood.

He said, “I’ll let the experts deal with all this. Evidence is not my forte…”

He drew a pipe from his pocket and a tin of tobacco, “I think perhaps I would enjoy a chat with Monsieur Martin, I should say, Monsieur Dusourire.”

“He’ll be on the train by now,” Madame groaned. ”Long gone.”

“Not necessarily,” Inspector Cardiac fished out his matches and loaded the pipe with tobacco and puffed a few times to light it.

Madame asked with a grimace, “Was this his undercover work?”

“I wonder…” the Inspector frowned, chewing at a thought.

With a few puffs on his pipe, a wry smile crept to his face, “You know… I did a check on your guest Monsieur Dusourire after we met. Casual interest, professional curiosity, nothing more… It turns out not wasted time… He was indeed as he said, working in an obscure area of government. Most interesting… Apparently he was an expert locksmith on the technical security side in his early days. His career skyrocketed in the Department when he married some boss’s daughter. He caused a lot of trouble and a few years ago they retired him on medical grounds. He was a violent nutter according to my contact… really went off the rails, lucky to escape the madhouse. Monsieur Dusourire was in fact being sought by investigators in Paris on another matter. I informed city colleagues of his presence here. They were eager to obtain credit, and asked me to leave him to them. In the meantime, I was alarmed to receive your call this morning. I thought it would be remiss of me to not speak with “Monsieur Martin” immediately concerning this incident. He may have heard something. I made urgent arrangements for him to be detained at the rail station… purely routine. I should speak to him directly…”

The Inspector’s tone changed abruptly, “The Pension Parmi les Nuages will be sealed off as a crime scene until further notice. That’s you and the menagerie… all out. You can take one bag of personal effects, under supervision. Speak to no one about this business, and I will see what I can do. You’ll hear from me.”

The Inspector gave no response to Madame’s demands that her friend be released immediately. Afterward he did not return Madame’s phone calls. She was denied contact with the mute. Despite endless questions from everyone who saw her, she spoke to no one except her lawyer about it.

The lawyer said it didn’t look good. The lawyer consulted the Inspector. The lawyer listened a lot and advised Madame to say nothing to anyone, until she heard more.

“More than what?” Madame wept. “I’ve heard nothing.”

On the second day Inspector Cardiac summoned Madame to his dingy office. He seated her at the far side of his giant desk. A single tall window permitted a little daylight to invade the shadows. The room was walled with cluttered shelves. Surrounded by his life’s work he now wound up his final investigation. He brushed aside Madam’s aggressive outburst in defence of her mute friend. When in exasperation she ran out of breath, the Inspector tried to ignore Madame’s cold stare, and he smiled warmly.

He said, “I regret the inconvenience caused by the investigation, and the necessity to temporarily hold your friend. Unfortunately, Monsieur Dusourire was unable to help us clarify matters quicker than we have. However, all has turned out well… though certainly not for the late Monsieur Tracas… Have you spoken to anyone apart from your lawyer about this matter?”

Madame shook her head. Inspector Cardiac waved away any further doubt with his hand. He said it was ironic in the age of forensic science, simple old fashioned deduction had pre-empted all modern technology could reveal.

He said, “Everything turned out as I supposed by simple logic and abstraction, although in a round-about way. Additional facts have shed light on my initial suppositions…”

The Inspector smiled with brazen pride.

He said, “I was not surprised to be informed by city-colleagues only hours ago that Monsieur Tracas was in fact the secret lover of Monsieur Dusourire’s wife. It is confirmed by members of the close family. In light of events, one would think that suspicious, no?”

Madame agreed.

“There is more to it than that.”

He fished in his pockets for pipe, tobacco and matches, and he continued, “Detectives were searching for Monsieur Dusourire all over the suburbs of Paris for days, pursuing routine enquiries in relation to family concerns regarding the whereabouts and well-being of Madame Dusourire…. meanwhile you had him in the guise of Monsieur Martin, here in your pension.”

The Inspector smiled and let the implications sink in.

Madame coiled forward in the chair, and with determination that made her face suddenly age, she enquired, “That’s very well, Inspector! Will you now set my friend free? What’s the problem? Obviously he had nothing to do with anything… Unless you think I’m a murderer too… I was with him all that night!”

The Inspector winced. He informed Madame her friend was already released, and being escorted back to the Pension Parmi les Nuages...

Madame heaved a sigh of exhausted frustration. She slumped back in the chair. Emotion lumped in her throat, and she dragged a crumpled tissue from a trouser pocket to mop her tears.

The Inspector’s deductions had not ended.

He slowly loaded his pipe and said, “We have established the connection between your murdered guest and Monsieur Dusourire’s wife. One may reasonably deduce - with motive, means and opportunity - the jealous husband - Monsieur Dusourire - plotted and, in the guise of the white knight, Monsieur Martin, he carried out his intention - the vengeful murder of his rival, the victim Tracas. That proves nothing, however convincing may be the logic. Yet it does lend our local murder case a sense of circumstantial certainty, when further facts are revealed to us.”

In particular, the Inspector noted the mysterious case of the burned corpse in the city. That turned out to be a crime of passion too, as he deduced from the beginning. It was not the only connection between the two cases. He lit the pipe and puffed three times.

He let the nicotine-dullness sink in, and he said, “Investigators have all-but-conclusively identified the charred remains of the unfortunate female victim in that case. She is, or was, the wife of none other than our Monsieur Dusourire.”

The Inspector firmly clamped his lips and lengthened his face for effect. Madame sank in the seat, nodding to the Inspector’s words.

“They say they have traces of blood of two victims on the murder weapon. Tests have to prove beyond doubt the blood of whom, but clearly we have two simple crimes of passion. The naked face of misery is never a pretty sight. It remains for the courts and newspapers to sort out the tangle of jealousy, vengeance and lust from the evidence.”

The Inspector’s voice dropped a tone, and he said, “Speaking of evidence, the murder weapon and so on found in your pension were located in an unoccupied downstairs room. No doubt discarded by the murderer in haste. That’s what our report says. You understand?”

Madame nodded. He told her she would be questioned again, but there was nothing to worry about, she will be treated as a reliable witness. She smiled weakly.

The Inspector looked away from her face and with white lips he said, “You tell me that fellow, your mute… friend… was with you all night and all morning… the whole time from when you last saw Monsieur Tracas alive…”

“One presumes the obvious…” the Inspector said bitterly. “I accept your word without question… if not with comfort.”

He lowered his head, “I know I shouldn’t ask, but I am an old man and I wonder about these things. If you will humour my impertinence, might I ask?”

Madam said nothing.

The Inspector began with half-shut eyelids quivering, “That man… that silent drifter, for heavens sakes, the fellow floats into town like a wandering gabion, and a few months later he is set in a nest on the hillside as though he belongs here. What is it? I don’t understand…”

Madam sat silent with an awkward smile. The Inspector waited, chewing on his yellow teeth. He fidgeted with a pencil and flicked it aside.

Then he blustered, “What is it you see in the fellow?”

“He’s a good listener,” Madame said.

The Inspector stared. Her eyes turned away from his, toward somewhere on his desk. He sighed and changed the subject.

He spoke of how clever he was to get the paperwork for his murder case done by colleagues – already his retirement was paying off. And now the city cops sought his advice. For instance, he helped solve the case of the murder of the well-known businessman. Investigations confirmed Inspector Cardiac’s original deduction in that matter too. It was an inside job. The real murderer planted evidence to incriminate an innocent party. That led investigators barking up the wrong tree, until the Inspector set them right.

“That’s the trouble with evidence,” the Inspector said. “It can be manufactured. I was caught out one time and ruined a man… well, one time I know of…”

The Inspector cleared his throat and folded his hands together on the desk.

“One day to go. Then freedom,” he said, and he leaned forward earnestly, “I do hope you remember my offer of help in the future...”

“I shall,” said Madame, offering her hand across the desk. “Thank you very much Inspector.”

The crime scene embargo was lifted from the Pension Parmi les Nuages. That night the mute stood barefoot with Madame by the big doors of the hilltop hotel, wide open to the fresh air. Their bodies glowed with the lingering warmth of a shared bath. She snuggled under his arm. Creatures sprawled round the big room, all over the floor and furniture, happily back home. The boss-dog sat quietly, while nearby another mutt chewed through the tasty straps of one of the mute’s new leather sandals. Far off in the dark, gabions fluttered and soared, high out of reach of the town lights below, their dim-lit wing-shapes like pale bats in the rising mist drifting in from the sea. Madame told the mute of her meeting with the Inspector, detailing everything, how helpful the Inspector was; and how the Inspector bragged the Tracas murder case was so important it was taken out of his hands. And the city cops repeatedly asked his opinion, and the Inspector was solving all their cases. Ha-ha… She did not mention the Inspector’s remarks about the silent drifter in his nest on the hillside. She repeated the Inspector’s advice about the murder weapon.

“We must say nothing!” she said solemnly.

The mute shrugged and said, “M-m.”

Madam stared out to the dark sea. She lowered her eyes to the shadows in the garden below and she said, “We better get those last mulberry trees pruned first thing tomorrow morning.”




GRAN HAS THE LAST WORD


Family life has gone down what Uncle Boris would have called the shit-hole.  People don't stick together these days. Each era has its good and bad points. Old folk like my Mum and Dad stuck together. A pity it didn’t work out like that for me.

Marriage was more important in the past. Most women I ever knew were other men’s wives. My first love was married. She was married to my Uncle Boris. My first wife still reminds me of her, with her jolly disposition and superior airs.  The disappointment is my kids won’t grow up in the same close-knit atmosphere I knew as a child.

The family say I am like Boris with my obsessions and failed marriage. It’s a disconcerting compliment. They joke I am twice the man Boris ever was. I do not appreciate humour directed at my weight. I laugh it off but it hurts.

Boris was not much loved by women, but they obsessed him. His obsession was worse when they were gone. Though he was passionate about his own wives, his longest-lasting loves were for other men's wives; they being his mother, old Gran, and to a lesser extent his little sister Aunty Emily. He said Emily had no more brains than the rear end of a cat. He said she took after their father and he Boris took after their mother, Gran. And old Gran would sit shyly in the corner with her cup of tea and say, “Now, now, now…”

Boris and Gran remembered old Grandad better than the rest of the family. Old Grandad died of a heart attack at forty, when the others were young. They said Grandad was the biggest man they’d ever seen, swelling to the size of a Sumo wrestler with his health problems. I saw Boris once drunk and bawling to Dad, about the night their father died. My Dad was too young to remember.

Boris was crying that Gran had woke Boris with her screams when their father died. Grandad was too heavy. She couldn’t get his body off the top of her. As a small boy Boris had to drag his dead father off his half-crushed mother. He shook his head as though he ached under the weight of even more he could not say. Poor old Boris! Poor old Gran!

And poor old Grandad I guess.

"He was still warm!" Boris blubbered.

“Shut up Boris. Not in front of the boy, you stupid bastard,” Dad silenced his brother.

Then Dad snarled at me as though it was my fault for things that happened before I was born, “Get to bed, Fatty.”

Most of us in our family were overweight - except for Uncle Boris and his wives. Maybe it was our DNA, maybe it was how we lived round the big kitchen table, endlessly laughing and arguing, eating loads of meat and veg and slabs of bread paved with butter and jam, drinking pot after pot of tea with milk in cups glazed with sugar. I grew up hearing the adults call Boris “stringbean” to his face. He seemed abnormally skeletal compared to the rest of us. We felt sorry for him, though he didn’t care. He said it was irrelevant, although in politics he said it pays to be fat unless you are a woman. Thin politicians as with thin babies suggest some inadequacy, he said. It may be unhealthy to be fat, but by crikey, there’s no medical examination to get in Government. I remembered this, when I felt fat and lonely, and I dreamed of a political career. If I have political ambitions now, Uncle Boris sowed the seed. He said if politicians were required to pass an intelligence test, Parliament would be empty. And that would be no loss.

I should not give the impression Uncle Boris was a great fan of intelligence. He hated stupidity, but he said most so-called intelligence is purely lack of romance and imagination. He loved romance but didn’t get much of it in his life as far as I ever knew. Mum said Boris’s problem was he thought all women were as good as his mother. Then she did her scary laugh.

Dad said Boris had two problems – one was the look of his head, and the second was the contents of what was in it. For whatever reason, what life lacked in romance, Boris made up for in imagination. He imagined he could see through lies a thousand years thick, and he could read people’s faces. He imagined himself a bit of an orator. Yet, he said there is nothing special about orators - the greatest skill of a politician is listening. He advised me if I wanted to learn anything, listen to women he said, men just talk a load of shit. It was his imagination speaking; Boris didn’t listen a lot.

He saw me grinning, and after a moment he added. “Anyway, that’s what I think.”

I guess he got a lot of thinking done on account of his loneliness. Maybe if he weren’t so lonely he would have been a different character. For me it would be a far less interesting world without good old Uncle Boris.

He was my lonely, bitter and irreverent inspiration. It was mainly on account of sour Boris I became interested in politics. Current events are quite boring really but Boris made them interesting with irreverent observations and pithy mottoes. No part of life went beyond his attention. If you went to the toilet he would likely make the comment, be careful your head don’t cave in.

When he went to the loo he would come back making a wisecrack like, I just made a perfect sculpture of that so-and-so…” This statement would always conclude with the name of a prominent politician.

“Man’s most creative moments are those he spends on the bog,” Boris would say.

He was scathing toward mankind in general, and toward the privileged and powerful in particular. But to people individually, he always was sympathetic, except to old Uncle Frank. To us kids in the family when we were young, Boris and Gran were easy-going, while other adults especially our parents were bossy.

Boris sympathised when kids teased me for being fat. I began to hate myself. I was ashamed and I was depressed about being ashamed, because I knew it wasn’t my fault. I felt I was the victim, but I did not know who to blame. Aunt Emily said I should accept myself because God made us that way. It did not help. I had no belief in God’s existence, and at the same time I was too scared to blame Him, just in case I was wrong. I was condemned to a life as one of God’s botched jobs. Of course, like Uncle Boris said, “Ninety-nine per cent of the people with a problem blame the world, and then they spend their whole lives punishing themselves for it.”

“Be kind to yourself…” Boris told me. “No other bastard will be.”

He based most of his thinking on the simple double-barrelled premise: the world is a bastard, and anyone who says otherwise is a lying bastard.

“Don’t make yourself feel bad,” Uncle Boris said. “That’s the World’s job.”


Boris could drive you nuts with his advice. But when you had a problem, you could always count on him. His suggestions may often miss the target, but he never ran out of ammunition.

“You don't know who is on your side until you see who turns against you. Believe anything they tell you if you think it makes sense but rely on none of it. Just do your best, and tell them all to get fucked,” was his type of stand-by advice.

He spoke like a daily newspaper, and every story started with a punch line in bold print. It was rare for him to say a thing only once. Anything worth saying is worth saying again and again he taught me. He said that is the foundation of all culture, good and bad. He spoke in the manner of a journalist barking emotive headlines. Dad said if Boris were run over by a steam roller, the blood would come out in bold print. The trouble was Boris’s commentary came with too much editorial content and not enough entertainment. Turn a page and more headlines hit you in the face. Still, many of his sayings stuck in my mind.

One in particular made a strong impression on me at a young age, for obvious reasons.

“It is fatuous of skinny people to think they are more worthy than fat people. Thinner is simply less!”

Uncle Boris said it more than once, rubbing his greyhound-like guts as proof. That was in those early days before his belly swelled with misery, drinking and sloth like an overfed pup’s, while the rest of him remained skin and bone.

I looked up fatuous in my school dictionary. I was impressed and hoped to impress others when I used the quote in a class discussion. I did not reveal my source. I told the teacher I read it some place. She took a close interest in me, although I was not sure why. She smelled magnificent and her skin was magnetic. My classmates called me Fatuous Maximus after that; I wasn’t so impressed with Uncle Boris’s mottoes then.

Funnily, Boris even had a motto to show he didn’t much value mottoes. It was strange. He relied on them almost entirely himself, but he hated the mottoes of the opposite side.

“Mottoes will save a man where mental activity will only drag him further toward the truth,” he said.

“Then you, Boris, are truly a saved man,” sneered Uncle Frank who was an accountant and always wore a collar and tie, and for a time served on the local council. Like Boris, Uncle Frank considered himself an expert on politics and history; it was the one thing they had in common. The main difference to me was Boris was blood and Frank was married into the family.

Uncle Frank was what Uncle Boris called a reactionary. The other thing was Frank's grandfather was a leader of the old time New Guard which Frank denied but said he would be proud if he was. On the other hand Uncle Boris was what Uncle Frank called a Bolshevik, which according to my father is exactly what Uncle Boris loved to think of himself.

“Don’t tell Frank,” Dad laughed. “But Uncle Boris takes it as a compliment.”

Boris would challenge Frank to explain what he meant by Bolshevik.

“Don’t Frank!” Aunt Emily would chant. “Please don’t!”

She knew how soon Frank would easily become entangled in a wrestle of philosophy, and the pedantic ranting would go on all night. As with sage warnings, her cries fell on ears otherwise occupied. Mum said Uncle Boris was an anarchist and he only joined the Communist Party to drive mad people like Uncle Frank and his wife Aunt Emily.

Aunt Emily had things to say about Uncle Boris’s politics, but none of it was complimentary. I grew up in the midst of an uneasy ideological co-existence. I didn’t know it at the time but the Cold War was fought heatedly over our kitchen table. They would have been shooting at each other elsewhere in the World.

When I asked Uncle Boris if he was a communist or an anarchist, his answer included a brief history of the universe and a diatribe against numerous public figures and even people like Uncle Frank. I have no doubt much of it was true. In the end I lost track of his answer… and with it went interest in the question I asked to begin with.

***

Long before I was born, Uncle Frank married Dad and Boris’s sister, our Aunt Emily. I don’t know how things were before that. Maybe it comes with growing old, but Emily and Frank made each other seem more boring. Maybe that happens to people when they spend their entire time locked in permanent agreement. Aunt Emily’s children were squirts - they treated me like an uncle more than a cousin, though I was just a kid too.

Emily was Boris and Dad’s baby sister, but she had them scared with her vicious turns of temper. Mum said Emily was a “spoiled So-and-So” which was about the coarsest language I heard my mother use until I was a grown man. But to me Emily was just another old lady like Mum and Gran... unlike Boris’s wives.

Gran once told me the whole mob of them squabbled in the old days too. According to family legend there were a number of fistfights before my time. I think Gran had a secret yearning for the old kind of excitement. The biggest real excitement in my time was when Aunt Emily would occasionally chuck a fruity. Everyone would shut up when she did. You couldn’t be sure whether she was going crazy or faking.

When Gran said Emily had emotional problems, Dad would pipe up, “Who doesn’t?”

Mum would grin her secret grin - and if you know what women are like you know what I mean when I say Gran would sort of roll her partly closed eyes up toward the ceiling.

“Now, now,” Gran would say,. “Now, now… don't let things get out of hand.”

Uncle Frank was the family conservative, and he hated everything Uncle Boris stood for: Soviet Union, China, Cuba, Vietnam and trade unions. Even Aunt Emily who always agreed with Uncle Frank said Frank sometimes went too far, particularly with things he said starting with 'the Multicultural Gang of Four' Aborigines, Africans, Arabs and Asians, down the alphabet through Jews and the rest of the non-Frank World. Aunt Emily would remind Uncle Frank of certain heroic figures, such as, “What about Albert Einstein? And Albert Namatjira? Or…”

“Don’t get me wrong,” Frank would say before she went further. “I’m no bigot. As individuals I don’t have a problem with them; they are fine people. But get them in a group – that’s when you start to see their true colours…”

Dad couldn’t help laughing.

He said to Frank, “What is with you? I can’t see what you’ve got against guys called Albert?”

Uncle Frank’s hatred of Communism was easier to see, if only because it was closer to home. Aunt Emily agreed wholeheartedly with Uncle Frank’s anti-liberal Liberal Party allegiance and his adoration of all things to do with success and wealth and progress. Whenever Uncle Boris was getting the upper hand in an argument Aunty Emily usually galloped to the rescue while Uncle Frank’s face changed to the colour of the communist flag. Aunt Emily was forever apologising to Uncle Frank for her brother Boris’s behaviour. It was one of her ploys to save Frank from the argument.

“Don’t apologise for me,” Uncle Boris would say.

It was not a good sign. When offended, people turn nasty. In arguments between the two uncles there was no safety on either side. You were as bad off in the middle, especially when Uncle Frank began foaming at the mouth and spraying spit with his words, and Boris would pound his fist on the table bouncing cutlery, crockery and glassware.

 “It is the welfare of the people, not wealth, that’s important,” Uncle Boris would holler.

Uncle Frank would plea just as stridently for reason, “Then why is the country called the Common-wealth of Australia? We don’t call it the Common Welfare of Australia, do we?”

“All you two-bob capitalists are the same,” Uncle Boris would sneer. “You’re like amplified dung beetles! You feed on bull shit and crawl around bellowing like bulls.”

That would be time for my Dad to interject. “Don’t get personal Boris.”

Uncle Frank would exasperate, Boris would sneer, and Uncle Frank would sneer back as though the argument was beneath him. Emily would glare viciously at Boris while Mum and Dad would eye each other and Gran would raise her gaze to the ceiling. I don’t know about the other kids in the house but I was eager for the fray.

“People! Not profits! That’s what matters…” Uncle Boris would mutter and Uncle Frank would mutter in return, “Huh! What do you know about profits? Or people, for that matter?”

And Gran with the lids of her half closed eyes aquiver would go, “Now, now, boys… Now, now…”

In this midst I grew to become what I am today, a promising young go-getter they say. Any subject of discussion could expect similar treatment in our home; rarely however, in those old days were interchanges so polite or as brief as I describe. It would be uncouth to detail the most colourful discussions I witnessed. I dare not recount the arguments flung from both sides on the evening Uncle Boris offered marital guidance to Uncle Frank and Aunt Emily.

Suffice to record that a dozen stitches left a faint scar on Uncle Boris’s forehead, and he forgave Aunt Emily only because she was his baby sister, and only after a thousand Now-now’s from Gran.

It was a bad time for Uncle Boris. His wife left him before the scar healed on his head. As far as I recall no one genuinely blamed Boris’s wife for leaving. I felt an immense sense of loss. She was my first serious infatuation. Dad told me to stop following Aunty round the house.

His actual words at the time were Stop following the poor woman around like a bad smell! I was outraged on her behalf; she smelled delightful. When she left I was shattered, broken-hearted and desolate.

Perhaps I was in love with another man’s wife, perhaps I deserved no better. The fact her husband was my Uncle gave poignancy to my heartaches. What or whom she went on to, and where she went, I cannot say with certainty. Yet somehow, the life of Boris went on, and on and on and on... sustained by political fervours where love had failed him.

The welfare of the people was Uncle Boris’s platform and agenda. If the welfare of the people meant anything to the Government they would have listened to Uncle Boris. He could provide mottoes to fuel a dozen election campaigns. Likewise, he was profusely armed on key issues. Precious few times was he caught without an appropriate catchphrase; he seemed to make them up on the spot, along his usual theme - the danger of us all being swept down the historical shit-hole.

All roads led to some shit-hole in the World of Boris. All things existed in the shadow of the shit-hole threat. All things were subject to the shit-hole effect. When questioned, Uncle Boris never claimed to have seen the mythical shit-hole, but he laughed off scepticism with confidence. To Uncle Boris the existence of the shit-hole was undeniable as the coming of tomorrow, as reliable as his memory of yesterday.

I recall one occasion when Uncle Boris ran short of a motto, and all mention of the shit-hole waned… that was when his second wife ran off. Those who saw the fellow she ran off with said he was a policeman, or maybe a railway guard. Either way above the level of blue collar vocations, they said though Emily was not impressed, making the point neither a cop or train conductor was really a proper white collar job, were they? Not like for instance, accountancy.

Reflections were made on the rival man’s respectable appearance, while Uncle Boris was described politely as Mr Average, run of the mill in most respects, too thin to be called medium and too flabby to be called slim. He was too tall to be called short and so on. Boris dressed like an aged pensioner with a homemade haircut, Emily said behind his back.

Boris’s impact on my life was not from his appearance. Different episodes I often recall, but the two most frequent relate to unconnected threads, they are Boris’s obsession with the dissolution of the Communist Party, and the day of the funeral that led to my mother shocking me.

***

There were times Uncle Boris faded from the scene. Months at a time, he worked on construction sites far and wide. His union activities are an entirely other story. He was locked up many times for his part in pickets and protests. More than once he was roughed up as well, not always by the cops, sometimes by his fellow unionists. Maoists he called them. Everyone in the family thought the gaol sentences unjust, except Frank and Emily, though to be fair Emily joined the other women in their crying. Dad reckoned Emily's tears were from shame brought on the family not sorrow, but who is to know. While Boris was in prison over a malicious damage and riotous behaviour charge, Gran and I were the ones who missed him most. Gran became morose and erratic… at times when she’d normally say, Now, now, now… she sat in surly silence. Then other times for no reason, with bowed head she would strangely grumble as though scolding herself for things in her mind.

In Boris’s absence Frank and Emily said everything ran more smoothly without him round. Even though Gran and I didn’t like it, neither of us could with any honesty disagree.

Old fashions return to popularity from time to time. Uncle Boris merely returned. I was glad. On one of these returns in the early days, before Boris became totally disenchanted and embittered, the most memorable fact was with his baggage Uncle Boris brought his first wife. Boris had the biggest smile on his face. I thought something was wrong at first; quite the opposite, all that was to come later.

When he fell in love, Uncle Boris suddenly became an expert on matters of romance. This disconcerted the family at large. He rented a flat nearby. None of us were invited to visit. Mum and Dad called it The Love Nest. But most every evening Boris came around with his wife, so we could watch him adore her in front of us. It was a sickening spectacle, but I understood. I could hardly take my eyes off her too.

And old Gran would go, “Boris, you have to eat. You’re losing weight again. Oh my God you worry me.”

We laughed. If Boris lost any weight in those days he would have blown away in the wind. Anything he lost in weight he gained in energy. The image of Uncle Boris in love conjures visions of a violently shaken beer bottle with the cap flipped off and foam spewing everywhere. Ebullient may be the word for it. Gran said Boris was grinning like the cat that ate the canary. She didn’t look too happy when she said it neither.

In his most jolly moments Boris’s mottoes were not always fit for mixed company, or family stability. Soon, marital troubles of his own distracted Boris from giving others advice. Increasingly he visited us alone, tapping his bleeding fingertips on the bare table and chewing his disappearing nails.

“Stop that, tap-tap-tapping…” Mum would chide him the way she did with us kids.

Boris would sullenly obey, jiggling his foot nervously and shaking his head, till someone asked what was wrong.

“Nothing,” he would laugh loudly, “Nothing’s wrong. What could be wrong? Ha-ha-ha….”

Then he would laugh louder and louder like an insane crazy man and burst into tears like an overgrown baby, with his face falling into his folded arms, noisily sobbing with shoulders shaking; then if Mum or anyone went to calm him, at their touch he would leap to his feet and dash out of the house. It was better to leave him be, till he ran out of tears and he would stand and raise himself to his proper height and stride across the room as though on his way to the gallows. That was not the worst bit.

I cannot attempt to describe the look on Gran’s face when she was there to witness the spectacle or it would make you cry too. Let it be enough to say Boris’s pain clearly hurt her worse than it did him.

Of course, things were entirely different when Boris and his wife were together. They seemed happy enough, too happy sometimes, sort of falsely happy perhaps, and eventually she left to my distress, after the big fight. It was not a fight between Boris and his wife, the big fight was with Uncle Frank. It ended with Boris off to the hospital.

It was less of a fight than a vicious verbal exchange with sporadic physical gestures, mainly harmless furniture-thumping. Uncle Frank towered over Uncle Boris and was twice the weight. The size-difference disadvantaged the taller man when at rare times they shoved and pushed each other, due to Boris’s lower centre of gravity. As the two men jostled Emily raised her hands in enraged exasperation. With a mighty crash she split Boris open from where his hairline used to be down to his brow, shattering the dinner plate she held in her hands.

Boris’s wife apparently prior to this event had not realised she married into a family of violent maniacs.

“Now, now,” Gran screamed just once and it was all over, bar Boris’s bleeding and his wife storming out of the place...

With the final departure of Boris's wife a couple of days after that, and after many tears and so on, Uncle Boris’s attention eventually returned to his favoured preoccupation – matters of the World. He moved back to our house with the few possessions not claimed by his departed spouse. Here he bunked out back in our built-in veranda, he bravely hid the wounds of his lost love battle. He was stoic in front of the family but I was not the only one to find him on the camp cot out the back crying. He spent long hours there whimpering, “Why did she go? Why did she go? Why, o why? Why did she go?”

I was only young but I think I could have told him.

It was on his rebound from this great doomed love that Uncle Boris re-joined the Communist Party in the heyday of its decline. According to my Dad, Uncle Boris was a secret member of the Party when they had many thousands of members, but he got himself expelled after fisticuffs with a leading Party functionary. The functionary had since died and the feud was all old hat. The Party had since split with the doctrinaire followers of China or as Boris called them the Gang of Not Many.

And then there was a further split with the dogmatic Soviet-liners or as Boris called them the Kremlin Cattle. Those Party stalwarts who remained began dividing into cliques led by two well-established Jewish families from different cities, and a group of self-appointed intellectuals that called itself the Left Tendency. When speaking of the two families who dominated the Australian “Politburo”, entrenched eminence was Boris's common description.  Each of the voting blocs attracted hangers-on. The rest of the Party membership Boris nicknamed the Blindfolded Passengers. According to Boris none of the factions would have him and he would have none of them.

As Uncle Boris analysed in graphic detail each splinter group it was like listening ad nauseum to a description of the individual spuds that make up a plate of mashed potatoes – just as clear and as interesting as that. The storyline was a plot made up of tangled twists I could not follow… and many strangled hopes it seemed.

When he re-joined the Communist Party Boris’s old enemies were either dead or too insulated to hold a grudge. Perhaps now so fragmented, the Party was desperate for members, and when they scraped the bottom of the barrel they found Boris there waiting. The remains of the Party pinned great hopes on the new open-minded Euro-Communism… or Neuro-Communism as Uncle Boris tagged it. More “paralysis by analysis”, he predicted. You could have any flavour you wanted – Marxist, Leninist, Stalinist, Maoist, Trotskyite, Reformist or revisionist.

“They’re all exactly the same as each other,” Boris said… “Irrelevant!”

This both amused and pleased Uncle Frank no end.

“You’re telling me there are how many Communist Parties? How many? Oh my God… Surely one is enough for a small handful of extremists.”

Frank roared with condescending delight, shaking his head with a big grin taunting Boris. Frank's expression was almost affectionate, as though to watch a deluded child skipping across a playground imagining himself to be a cowboy riding on a horse.

Uncle Frank laughed that “the traditional British principle of Divide and Rule” had reached new heights. The Communists were doing it to themselves.

In those days, according to Uncle Boris, the Communist Party was a self-confessed hotbed of recidivist revisionism.

"I agree entirely," said Frank.

As his Party soared to the zenith of self-proclaimed insignificance, Uncle Boris saw himself a one-man rear guard defence against the Party leadership and its apparent addiction to obliteration…  revolutionary self-euthanasia, he fumed. Boris’s metaphors flew in flocks in those days. Left wing debate proceeded in the form of slow-motion panic as the sabotaged ship of high ideals was being run aground in order for the rats to reach dry land, Boris said.

Over a period of five years Uncle Boris nagged in horror all ears round the table, “Seventy years of working class struggle – all that being paddled down the shit-hole. What for? I’ll tell you what for…”

For five years I endured him telling me what for, until in the final year of the Party’s life I recall Boris proudly reporting one of the Party leaders rose wearily to his feet at a meeting and roared, “I don’t want to hear any more from the Comrade with his eccentric theories of some imaginary great Historical Shit Hole… I move his comments be deemed vexatious and struck from the record.”

Boris smiled proudly when he told the story. It never occurred to him that members of his sacred Party had lost interest in their revolutionary organization, and furthermore it was unlikely anyone else would be more interested.

When I tried to explain what I meant he waved his hand and said, “What? Next thing you’ll be trying to teach me how to shit.”

Obviously what I said made him unhappy. The truth can do that to even the best of us. I gave up. He should have been able to see my point. I lost count of how many times since as a kid I heard him say, “The current Party leadership has entered the stage of political dementia… for their historical failure they stand forever condemned in the eyes of the Working Class.”

He said this ominously, in booming voice.

I grew up entertained by a vision of an omniscient giant called The Working Class with mighty eyes staring down on the miniature Communist chiefs. I knew how the little Commie leaders felt, me being a child in a world of adults, I imagined the honchoes playing musical chairs round a long table surrounded by tiny kiddie chairs; with all the while looming above the labouring city day and night, the monolithic Working Class frowning, forever glowering downward upon their historical failure…

***

In my childhood imagination the Working Class peered down on us all as we washed inexorably toward the drain of Uncle Boris’s shit-hole; and at the edge waving his hands demonically stood my nondescript uncle, warning us all too often of our miserable fate - and finally now, in his own view, too late.

“Half the wannabes are just trying to get themselves into the Labor Party, and the other half are following along like sheep, just as they’ve always done, straight out of university onto the Central Committee,” he would rave. “But the bloody Labor Party doesn’t want them. Why would they? They’ve got their own damn bullshit-artists and opportunists.”

One thing in our family, we never needed to buy sleeping pills when Uncle Boris was around. And Gran would join in the debate, because she didn’t like to hear Uncle Boris bad-mouth her Party. Gran was a dyed-in-the wool Labor man.

“Now, now…” she would say. “Now, now, that’s enough Boris!”

Only then would he ever shut up. Uncle Boris had a lot of time for the Labor Party “working man” like Gran. He always said the Party, meaning the Communists, would benefit more from a few good Labor men joining the Reds than the Labor Party would benefit from a few Communist bureaucrats joining Labor. According to Dad, Uncle Boris came within three votes of being expelled from the Commoes for saying “stupid things like that”.

Maybe in those days they didn’t have enough members to expel anyone.

“They might be true, the things Boris says,” Dad winced. “But you don’t say them.”

It seemed ironical that in the one year they were trying to kick old Uncle Boris out of the Party, and then the next year the same Leadership was trying to kick the Party to death. That’s what Uncle Boris said, and Uncle Frank smiled, listening politely as Boris carved up the carcass of his dearest hopes and dreams.

“For seventy years… the whole capitalist establishment… with all their powers, money, spies, agent-provocateurs and all their propaganda failed year after year to destroy The Party. The dog Menzies even lost a bloody referendum trying to do it. For Christ sake… a referendum no less!”

It seemed the “common man in the street” had more brains in the old days than the Communist “functionaries and faction lackeys” had in later years.

Any time one of our household debaters made reference to the common man, either Mum or Gran would normally chirp, “and Common Woman if you don't mind!”

Like salt and pepper and sugar on the table… you only noticed the opinions and argument in our house when they were not there.

And Boris would concur with a nod of his head, as though Frank's interjections merely added force to his argument, “Now within a few years of theorising on their shiny backsides full of bullshit, beating round the bush, backstabbing and ball sucking, those soft-pawed, book-suckled dimwits destroy a bloody vital working class institution - all in the name of Oh-It’s-Too-Hard, I-Want-To-Be-Respectable… They won’t be happy till they’re all Ministerial Advisers and professors in the university writing for the Jewish Times. Bloody opportunist dickheads!”

I guess the leaders of the Communist Party didn’t put as much importance on Uncle Boris’s opinions as he would have liked, as they steered themselves out of history.

Uncle Boris consoled himself for a time with his mottoes and outbursts of vitriol aimed at ambitious types who, according to him, destroyed every working class movement dating back beyond the formation of the Labor Party, back beyond the European revolutions, beyond the slave and peasant rebellions, beyond the Jesus uprising… and beyond beyond…

Boris even criticised the Party rank and file comrades who followed into the dissolution frenzy. Though confident he did not go “down the shit-hole” in silence, I innocently asked Uncle Boris if he was one of the evil rank and filers, the ones who stood by with their tongues tied while the Party talked itself to death.

It was not the first time I had seen a look of self-doubt in his eyes. Uncle Boris swore some Party leaders were agents of reaction; that was the root of the real problem. The names meant little to me. As a kid I thought Reaction was a country where Reactionaries came from.

Uncle Boris was horrified at my stupidity on occasions, but he was rarely too horrified to explain.

“Don’t they teach you anything in school?  Reactionaries are the bastards who always want to make things more unequal… more wealth and power for the rich… unemployment and war for the poor… No matter how bad things get, they always want more… If things are good they want to make them bad. If things are bad, they will make them worse. They have no country, like a dog has no country. They sleep where Master Greed takes them. The difference between a dog and a right-wing reactionary is that a dog has more brains, at least a dog thinks for itself. It might not think much, but it can tell the difference between a kick in the ass and a pat on the head. If you kick his ass today… when you pat him on the head tomorrow he bites you… that’s brains. With people, when the bosses kick their ass half the time they bend over to take it and lick his hand!”

That’s what Uncle Boris told me. I never fully understood, but for what good it did, I remembered it, no doubt from hearing the same story many times. I think it helped me to grow up with an open mind to a wide range of political opinion. I see good and bad in all things – even bad things have their good points, and good things have their bad points. I still wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing that Boris’s Party closed down. If Uncle Boris was a sign of what other members were like, I wonder. They say it was the demise of the Party made Uncle Boris fall in love again.

“Boris loved that Party so much, I thought it would kill him when they disbanded,” said my father who considered radical politics nearly as big a waste of time as Uncle Boris’s second wife.

We called her his second wife, though he never legally married either one. We kids were warned to never talk about it outside the family. It was not respectable. Boris didn’t care about that kind of respectability at all…

“A wedding is when two things become one,” he would say. “That is a depletion in any sense of the word.  The only healthy human relationship is between two equal independent, free-thinking souls. When two people become one… that’s not a marriage… that’s a melange!”

It seemed a strange thing to say on his honeymoon. Aunty Emily disapproved of the whole thing. She said it was a common-law marriage, which was nothing in the eyes of God. They did not even get themselves done at the registry, she whined. That was because Uncle Boris was a believer in free love. Dad said there was no such thing as free love, somehow you always pay for it whether you are married or not.

The adults took turns guessing how long this second marriage would last. Emily called the second Mrs Aunty Boris, girlfriend number two. Emily's meaningful expression made it clear by the term number two she paid reference to the schoolyard slang for shit. Clearly she was merely a defacto wife, which to me at the time sounded exotic. They said whatever she was, or had been, she was part of the family now. Aunt Emily scowled at that, saying a prostitute never changes its spots. The argument grew intense, mainly with everyone trying to get Emily to shut up. I didn’t get it. The argument went on behind Uncle Boris’s back. I found it cruel, but I always listened intently.

“Who would marry a man anything like Boris?” Mum would laugh. “I don’t know…”

It upset Gran, you could tell from her face turning hard at the far corner of the table, slapping her hand down, and the harsh tone of her otherwise familiar…  Now, now…

We knew from Mum’s attitude, she was having a veiled mock at Dad, because Gran always told everyone her two sons were so much alike. Both Mum and Gran said they saw a little of both Boris and Dad in my face. When I was young I felt proud to hear it. In later years I suffer in silence.

“Don’t blame me,” Uncle Boris would say, raising his hands in innocence when anyone suggested I looked like him. “I wasn’t there.”

Everyone laughed, especially Gran, and Mum blushed.

Then Gran would giggle, “Now, now…”

Such moments were a pleasant relief from the usual bickering. Family arguments surprisingly fell by the wayside in the presence of Uncle Boris when Uncle Frank was not there. Nonetheless, Frank or no Frank, it took little excuse for Boris to start with his advice and mottoes. Luckily, Wife Number Two sometimes managed to shut him up when he commenced. Too often she let him go too far. She took a perverse delight in watching our family squabbles. I fantasised maybe she allowed the distraction of discord to develop so I might find opportunity to gaze at her without being noticed.

This new Aunty would sit with her back straight and head high, her thighs crossed, breasts thrust and at times lingering with a slight glance in my direction. She would raise her long finger extended toward her face, the red tip of her nail deftly stroking the skin, I presume where some itch bothered her, always with a pretty smile, as Boris would go on about how the Labor Government did this and that, sending out troops to shoot the miners, or deregulate banks or whatever, “doing the bosses’ dirty work.”

The new Aunty would daintily draw the hem of her skirt higher up her thigh and subtly smile to herself, as Boris would go on about how middle class lawyers and school teachers and tertiary-educated union bureaucrats had hi-jacked the Labor Party; how unions were plagued with wheelers and dealers squirming into politics where they lost their way and led the working people astray; and about the monopolisation and prostitution of the national economy… and the destruction of land, sea and sky for short-term profit; he would go on about men who swam against the tide to their own destruction - Lang, Whitlam, Dunstan and Chifley as if the rest of Australian history was a wheel spinning backwards.

And the new Aunty would sit smiling, cascades of hair falling in waves round her shoulders whatever colour she had it dyed at the time, long black lashes entrancing, her lips and face shining as though lacquered, her cardigan stretched tight and sleeves pushed up her shiny smooth forearms naked as her knees, as Boris mourned the destruction of Australian shipbuilding and railways; he would go on about world history like it was a Hollywood movie with two huge sides drawn up to do battle across the face of the Earth - slave drivers versus the slaves.

Boris would go on and Frank would go on in the opposite direction. The new Aunty would smile in the same good-natured way at them both. In a childish way, I felt she should smile at Boris and Frank differently. The two men would glance from time to time toward the new Aunty as though seeking her approval. She seemed more a moderator than a part of the discussion even when she had something to say, with her soothing voice that melted in my ear.

Lord help us, there was no moderation when Uncle Boris started on about the conservatives and the reactionaries and the fascists and the capitalists and the Liberal Party. These were sacred institutions that Uncle Frank bitterly defended, all the while his face growing redder and redder, as Uncle Boris turned the air blue with veiled obscenities.

“Nobody is interested in that, Boris,” his wife the new Aunty would coo.

 “Well, they should be,” Uncle Boris would snap back.

He would carry on less vehemently after the soft-spoken new Aunty admonished him sweetly and soon he would stop as though deflated from an undetectable puncture.

***

Of course Uncle Boris was not our only problem. One time, I guess in my teens, I overheard Aunty Emily crying to Mum in the kitchen about Uncle Frank. I silently sank into the lounge in the next room and heard it all. Uncle Frank had sworn to Aunt Emily that he was not having an affair with Uncle Boris’s wife. But Aunty Emily said she could smell the woman all over him. Her words scorched an image in my mind. Such events have a terrible effect on families.

“Then Frank swore on the children’s heads it was not true,” cried Aunty Emily. “My blood went cold. I screamed at him, Don’t say it! Don’t say it! How could he? How could he?”

Mum said if the new Aunty would open her legs for her own sister-in-law’s husband she would open her legs for anybody. Anybody? That was welcome news to me, and for weeks I lay awake at night eager for my turn to come. The women’s words were branded in my mind. I wanted the smell of the new Aunty all over me. Too bad if it was wrong of me - why care? I already had much to be ashamed of, one more thing did not matter. I imagined her creeping to me and crawling all over me under my blanket where I lay ready for her - very, very ready to betray my own blood.

I knew a little about sex and I was hopelessly in love. What my older cousins had not revealed to me I made up for myself. I definitely knew enough to stain my bed sheets on occasion.

Meanwhile real life went on, year after year, tensions grew and the whole family together seemed to be sliding closer to the mythical shit-hole. In family discussions the new Aunty began to side with Uncle Frank and Aunt Emily, much to Aunt Emily’s disgruntlement.

“Showing her true colours,” Dad grunted mysteriously, and Mum grumbled about the emerging alliance between “Frank and her” meaning Boris’s wife.

“Now she’s showing her true colours?” Uncle Frank asked, beaming with delight as he came prancing through the door. “Who?”

Frank seemed oblivious to his own scandal.

Aunt Emily began to walk round with a deepening glare. Something was wrong in her life. It was clear, she would be happier if the new Aunt sided with Uncle Boris where “the woman” belonged. I agreed with that. Politics was one thing, but what was proper was something else.

I agreed only that the new Aunty should side with Boris, not with the criticism. That way, with her closer to Boris I felt she would be closer to me. Emily said our new Aunty not only was a prostitute, she was a whore. This unkind remark, in my shallow experience of life, I found exciting. I gave many smouldering looks to the new Aunty, to let her know of my strong feelings. I did not care if she was a whore, or anything else. I was mad about her. I tried to reveal my yearning with looks and sighs, small courtesies, laughter at her wit, grunts of approval, supercilious gestures of sympathy at awkward moments, offering her sugar even when I knew she already had it, stepping aside with gallant regard… She showed so little notice I was sure: like me she hid her true feelings.

Mum told me to stop following Aunty round. Dad said I was like a pup following a scent and I didn’t know what it was.

“Pity help us when he does find out,” Gran laughed. “Boris to the core… Boris to the core…”

To my disappointment oftentimes Uncle Boris would attend a family gathering without Aunty. She was either home ill or she had business affairs to see to.

“Business!” someone would say, and the adults would exchange knowing glances behind Uncle Boris’s back.

“Showing her true colours elsewhere,” I overheard Dad say to Mum numerous times.

“It’s clear the marriage will not last, such as it is,” Mum reckoned. “I feel sorry for Boris.”

“How would you know it won't last?” Dad scoffed, and I was on his side, silently defending the honour of the new Aunty.

“She’s not so bad,” he said. “You’ve got to take the rough with the smooth.”

“Smooth? What smooth?” Mum asked and Dad laughed, like he often did for reasons I did not understand.

Although I approached matriculation age I was not as wise to the ways of the World as I am today. To conceal my naiveté I had a vast vocabulary, which in great part I owed to my Uncle Boris. In political matters I was outspoken and family members were mainly amused, tolerant or encouraging. Uncle Frank mostly confined his comments to those through his nose. The new Aunty in particular was impressed with me, which was exhilarating. She of course had vastly different politics to Uncle Boris, obviously. Less obvious was what her politics were. She seemed to agree even with contradictory views, at least to a shallow degree, which I found magnanimous. She tolerated beyond politeness Uncle Frank’s attacks on Boris, but she would smile too when Boris fought back. Her smile to my eyes was a curious mix of inscrutable charm and beguiling allure. I found her complexities titillating. The more deeply Boris lamented the brighter her eyes shone. I noticed she only smiled at Uncle Frank when Gran was not in the room.

The solid political alliance between Uncle Frank and Aunt Emily found new company in the elusive glances shared between Uncle Frank and the new Aunty. I don’t know today if I was the only one who saw it but I'm sure not.

It seemed in these days Uncle Frank attacked Uncle Boris with increased rancour. He enjoyed the wounds inflicted with almost erotic satisfaction. The new Aunt watched this sadness with a smile.

If she enjoyed Boris’s sadness she should have stuck around when she was not there. He missed her so bad it was sinful. He would pace round watching the clock and peeking out the window, until she turned up, or he would dash out often without a word to we knew not where.

Even though she was not officially married to Boris we always called her Aunty. And though other adults said she was only using Uncle Boris, I am ashamed to now admit, at the time I felt more love for her than I did him. Aunty always had a bright smile. Boris wore a cantankerous scowl. He only did the same old dumb jokes all the time, the invariable complaints dressed in time-worn mottoes. You could not introduce him to friends without he embarrassed you. It had to be serious and political with Uncle Boris. Even at Christmas you would think Santa Claus was a capitalist agent trying to enslave the working people into debt and mind-numbing consumption, the way Uncle Boris gave it. When it came to the class struggle, we kids were on Santa’s side. We were sleepless, waiting for gifts to be smuggled to us, like Bibles behind the Iron Curtain. I knew about all that listening to Uncle Frank lecture Boris.

It was hard for us to reconcile the new Aunt’s sudden disappearance from the family fold when she left. Frank said she ran off with a policeman who had been her secret lover long before she took up with Uncle Boris. Dad said she ran off with whatever she could get. Mum just said, “Pffffff….”

Of the adults, it seemed only Uncle Frank and my Dad had a kind word to say for Aunty Number Two. I heard them say it to each other out the backyard when the wives were inside washing up, and could not hear them. Frank said that whatever she was, the new Aunty at least gave Boris a share of it - and he should be thankful for having what somebody else would have otherwise got.

“Yeah… well you’d know more about that than me,” Dad said to Frank.

I was excited as I felt tension crackle in the air between them. If they started fighting I would be the only one who saw it. I was certain Dad would easily beat Frank.

“What are you getting at?” said Uncle Frank, his words sounding more to me like a ringside bell to commence a boxing match than a question.

When they saw me eavesdropping they sent me inside to help with the washing up. I felt demoted. From the kitchen window I strained my ears to hear the first sound of a scuffle outside. Every clash of crockery and clatter of cutlery I thought was it, and I rose on tip-toes to see nothing. The women were doing dishes and talking about Aunty again. I was glad for that at least.

“She was just filling in time for herself, using Boris. Anyone could see that,” said my mother grimly, with her hair in plastic curlers, her arms sunk to her elbows in suds, scrubbing greasy China while her lips juggled a cigarette.

Gran called from her corner, “Any danger of a cup of tea?”

She was either thirsty or trying to change the subject.

“Do you want it with soap or suds?” Mum asked.

Aunt Emily continued muttering to Mum. “Well that’s obvious she was using Boris. It was obvious all the time. Pity men are so blind.”

It was hard to tell if the two women were moved more by fondness for Boris or just disappointment in the second Aunty.

“That… (followed by a meaningful silent pause) woman - she used Boris when she had no one else. The minute the other bloke was available, she had no need of poor old Boris. She’ll end up where she began.”

In the time of Boris’s great melancholy Emily smiled more that week than I could remember. Her worries had mysteriously gone.

For once, now with his second wife lost, Uncle Boris did not have a motto. From the look on his face he might have been too lost in deep thinking. If he was they were bad thoughts he was lost in. He just did not speak unless spoken to, and barely then. He should have said he was sick, he looked it. He looked terrible and he walked like in a trance. He interrogated himself muttering: Why did she go? But not as before, now his utterances were feeble, his grief uninspired; now the sobs leaked from him. He looked older, more dismal and weaker with every step.

I was older too, in a different way. From a schoolboy I had become a man, cultivating the fluff on my face with a razor, enjoying the rumble and resonance of a voice growing in me I was yet unused to.

I felt proud when I spoke now, especially one time, I said something in the front room to one of the other kids and Gran poked her head round the door and said, “Who said that? Who's here?”

Then she looked round in genuine confusion and said, “Who was that? Where’s he gone? I thought I heard Boris.”

I had opinions about all things, whether I cared or not, whether I needed to or shouldn’t have. I sided with the women simply because they were usually right. I always hated it when the husbands called me a Mummy’s boy, and especially now I felt myself a man. I also hated it when the wives criticised our runaway Aunt. In my heart I felt somehow unfaithful when I did not defend her in her absence. It did not occur she might in any way have contributed to the situation. I blamed Uncle Boris for losing her, and thereby now she was lost to me.

I concealed my feelings behind opinions about other things. I grew pedantic. Uncle Boris rarely opened his mouth without me attacking his point of view. Even when I agreed with him I still made snide comments. There seemed to be something vital missing in him after Aunty left.

Sometimes Boris would allow Uncle Frank to make a despicable statement without uttering a protest. Anything I said nasty he would meet with a flickering smile. The few times Boris rose to the occasion he did so slowly, without enthusiasm. Boris was not my only victim.

I was attending university and a member of several clubs, most of all I became active in student politics and gravitated with much encouragement to sub-branch involvement in the Labor cause. I treated Uncle Frank as a joke, naturally. Mum begged me to not argue with Frank because it upset Aunt Emily. I was warned. Had I forgotten Emily’s irrational attack on her brother Boris?

Did I want to suffer the same fate at the hands of a flying dinner plate? Boris on the other hand was fair game for me to test my sniping skills.

“Take no notice of him, Boris,” my father would say when I took a pot shot across the table. “Now he’s at university he thinks he knows everything.”

This only encouraged me. Frank would whisper in my ear to egg me on. I was not even slightly fond of Frank, but I was young and went for any scrap of popularity. Many times Boris would yield to my reasoning. I took this as a sign of my prowess. I got great self-esteem from it. I was avid for every ego boost. I often stooped low to get one.

“Yeah, well maybe you’ve got a point,” Uncle Boris would say disheartened.

I could tell, many times, from his weak and disappointed look, he didn’t think much of what I had to say or the way I said it. Sometimes, for the life of me, I had no point at all. Just the pesky need to shit-stir the old fellow for my own bloody-minded, youthful self-importance. The whole family joined in the sport. Poor Boris…

He began to arrive later each time he returned to the house and to depart early and he was often absent, which did not bother me. I had other victims.

Both at home and in the outer world I noticed I often got a good laugh from repeating one of Boris’s old sayings. I chose carefully, because his repertoire was a mix of good and bad, often excessively esoteric and much beyond the pale. When conversations lagged, it was a sure livener to toss in one of Boris’s old kitchen-table mottoes. We all did it at home. Then when Boris arrived you could see the surprise on his face as he hesitated at the door, staring at us. This happened several times before I wondered… What the Hell is the old guy looking at?  I looked round the room next time it happened. When I saw what Boris could see, I understood. How confusing it must have been, for him to see us all looking at him with smiles on our faces.

***

Now I was a big shot at university they were all proud of me - Mum, Dad, Gran, the Uncles and Emily, my young brother and sister who had always deferred to me like a grown up, and all the rest. The adults had shrunken over the years and I was inches taller than them all. It was not only for that I looked down on them. Times were changing and they were being left behind, it was my turn I felt.

When Gran died it was a damn shock. I was manly about it in front of the others. It was not easy. I cried in my room. And as I buried my bawling face in the pillow so no one outside could hear, I suddenly stopped at the sound of a voice:

Now, now… Now, now…

It was Gran’s voice in the room with me. My breath stopped. Dead-set, it was the freakiest thing! I raised my head and looked up… It was her with me in the dark room, smiling with that same old loving disbelief how she always did when she looked at me… honestly, she was there alive in front of my eyes. I blinked and shook my head and Thank God! She was gone again! Breath came back to me. It was one of those unexplainable things… Grief can send you mad I suppose. Who knows?

After Gran passed away I felt a hundred years older, we all seemed suddenly very much older. I bothered myself less and less with what was going on in the family. I had too much going for me out in the real world. I laughed in his face the time Uncle Frank cajoled me to join the Young Liberals. As if I could take him seriously. He could not have picked a worse moment to raise the stupid notion.

“I’ll introduce you to some people,” he said as we gathered at the Chapel for Gran’s cremation. “They’ll be solid establishment contacts who’ll take care of you, show you the way, real movers and shakers. The rest will take care of itself.”

Gran insisted on being cremated. I’m not sure why. What does it matter once you are dead? That was my attitude, the same as Frank and Emily, although they were motivated by the cost. Dad and Mum saw only sentimental value in the matter and no reason to argue. It was Boris who sealed the deal.

“A cremation is what Mum wanted. And that’s what she’s having – if I’ve got to burn the fucking place down to do it!”

Boris maybe got overheated about it. Personally I found it hard to connect with the idea of a dead person being bothered one way or the other.

Frank looked stunned at the Chapel entrance, among the expensive flowers and rented finery, as though I slapped his face when I told him I was not interested in his conservative movers and shakers, I had already joined the Young Labor movement. I am not sure which more offended him the Young or Labor part. Frank already disowned the entire younger generation. He was a man lost in the time of logarithms and the British Empire, now in a time of electric calculators and Fred Flintstone politics. His own children had no time for him, although they were closer to Emily than I was to my own Mum. Frank whined, he had his hopes pinned on me.

“Boris has been at you, I suppose,” said Frank forlornly.

I was insulted. Boris was always criticising the Labor Party. Why would he get me to join it? Frank was off his face without drugs. He didn’t need them. He was a ratbag.

I expected Boris to be slightly negative when I gave him the news. All he did was slap me on the back. It was a soft one.

“Just do your best, son…” Uncle Boris whispered.

I could almost hear his words ringing in the pause that followed. I heard him say it in many different regards before:

All you can do is your best… just do your best, and tell the rest to all go get fucked.

But he did not utter the final words… His voice was a whisper, as you would expect on his mother’s final day. At that moment things political seemed dull, dwindled and unimportant.

I could tell he would have said more had I encouraged him, but I only said, “Thanks.”

His eyes were ghostly. He shuffled instead of walking. He muttered to himself, why did she go? He missed Gran it seemed, more than all of us put together. It looked like he was lingering on, rather than living. I turned away to avoid seeing him grow older, more dismal and weaker with every shuffle.

Then Uncle Boris died too, soon after Gran was gone. He was three-quarters dead at Gran’s funeral, Dad said. Mum said bad luck comes in threes.

Dad asked her. “Who’s next?”

Mum said she meant for Boris his death being the third bad luck after Aunty Two left him, then secondly his mother passing away. And then he himself dies, completing the trifecta.

Mum said seeing it was Dad’s own brother, how could Dad joke at a time like this? Dad said he wasn’t joking. From his perspective, with the passing first of Gran, then Boris… there was one more moment of bad luck to come. It clearly worried him.

Being totally unsuperstitious my thoughts were all of Boris. I realised I had been watching and listening to the old guy slowly dying for years in front of our eyes. At home, preparing to leave for Boris’s funeral Mum said she could see a bit of Boris in my face that day, and Dad said he could see it too. It showed more than usual that gloomy day.

They said it made them feel both happy and sad. It only made me sad. I realised that there were many times in the past when I had a hand in the killing of Uncle Boris. The bastard World had somehow gotten me to help do its dirty work. It was the second family funeral that year. My mood had sunk to unknown depths by the time we arrived at the cemetery.

“Trust old Boris,” Dad said and took a deep breath. “Boris always said he only went on living till he saw Gran die - poor old Mum. Good old Boris didn’t want to break her heart by dying before she did.

Mum was less fond of Uncle Boris than Dad was. I think she saved all her loving for her own kids. She simply said, “Well that was kind of Boris. He broke poor old Gran’s heart plenty of times before she died…”

“What do you mean?” said Dad.

The look on his face would have shut anyone else up, but not Mum.

“All I mean is Gran wouldn’t have minded having a grandchild from her oldest son if he could have spared the time from gallivanting around with all those Communists.”

The way she glared in my direction while she spoke I felt her words were directed as a warning to me.

“That wasn’t Boris’s fault!” Dad growled. “The poor guy would have loved to have kids.”

Tears welled in Dad’s eyes, but he smiled, then he quoted one of Uncle Boris’s old sayings, “Is a weed less a weed because its seed falls on stone?”

“Well there’ll be no more seeds falling on stone now,” Mum muttered - and Dad nodded.

At the funeral Dad’s sister Emily said, “I feel we could have been kinder to Boris in his last few years.”

“Don’t say that,” Frank chuckled, turning to me as we lagged behind the others. “I could not have stood it. Another couple of rounds of the class struggle and I would have been carried from the ring asleep.”

Unable to contain myself I glared hatefully at Frank and saw him for what he really was… and I felt not much better than that myself. I knew in my heart I had treated Uncle Boris as unkindly as any of them, maybe worse in a way. I remembered the weak and disappointed look on Boris’s face in our brief spats. That look I saw more and more before he died. I sometimes saw it when I treated him with disdain, or indifference. Which was worse? It was the look of a man sapped by betrayal and drained by treachery. It was a look of sufferance. The World itself had failed his good heart. And yet always there was Boris's sad look of understanding.  That’s what really got to me, staring his sad look of understanding in the face. And most sadly of all, I now realise the look on his face was the look of forgiveness. And I knew in a way that I was unable to express or fully acknowledge, even to myself, that Uncle Boris was my own personal martyr.

I was developing an adult political awareness. I had joined the Labor Party proper after Gran was gone. I felt I did so, after all, in her honour. I regretted I did not do so when she was alive. It would have pleased her I am sure. I was nearing the end of uni and I was working part-time in the office of a major solicitor. I made friends and impressed key contacts with my reliability, loyalty, savvy and discretion. These were not necessarily qualities in me that would have impressed Boris, but they were important to my ambitions. Boris would have supported me, I thought, at least on a personal level. Commitments had been made. I could be confident of pre-selection within ten years the rate I was going. I had solid connections in the Party machine. I had a reputation for a fast wit and a biting turn of phrase. I owed my reputation to that irascible old man, Boris. I was known around the sub-branches as somewhat of a raconteur. It had not been lost on me that my most successful anecdotes all revolved around the doings and sayings of old Uncle Boris. I did try to diversify, but when the going got tough I knew well enough I was able to resort to something Boris had said and with a little tampering I could use it to good effect.

And now he was dead, but not yet quite gone, as I went to his unreligious funeral, I felt his presence unresolved deep in me. I did not feel well. For months I had been burning the candle at both ends. Associates were amazed how I kept going. I pushed myself harder to amaze them even more. I was highly competitive, always on edge. I enjoyed the stress. I was heavily dieting to lose weight. I had an urgent call to drop off documents on my way to the funeral. Always in a rush, I arrived in time at the funeral on a sour, empty stomach with a foggy head. A tipsy guy I’d never previously seen caused embarrassment by singing a few muddled verses of The Red Flag… obviously an old Comrade. I wondered what Boris would have made of that painful scenario. Boris would certainly not have enjoyed the haughty sneer on Uncle Frank’s face while the singing went on…

I moved my lips silently in synch with the words I knew from old times. I wondered if it was the words that brought a few tears to my eyes or just the sadness of the moment, or the dry-eyed tiredness after my long night. I had been up late the evening before drinking with friends, networking, and planning our next moves in the big game, and working on urgent documents through the early morning hours. Maybe I had two hours sleep after that, not a rare occurrence. All of these things seemed less than real to me now, as I gathered with family and friends to bury our sad, old, misunderstood Boris.

Strangers, former comrades and workmates of the old guy shook my hand. Their condolences barely intruded on my mood. I wonder what Boris would have thought of each one. Were any of them the bastards Boris reviled over the years, I wondered?

I felt a peculiar urge to somehow mark this day. I owed Boris at least that much… with Uncle Frank’s smug, self-satisfied mug in my sights, I resigned myself to what must be. I looked round through blurred vision to make sure Boris’s sister Emily was out of earshot. At Boris's funeral there were no dinner plates to be seen that she might use to smash my head open. I parted my lips for Boris, and spoke through gritted teeth.

“Boris was twice the man you will ever be, Frank. Twice the fucking man! At least he cared about people,” I hissed in the ear of Aunt Emily’s husband, half with hatred and half with heartbreak.

“Now, now,” Gran would have said, if she were still around. “Now, now…”

I was angry, straining under a burden of grief, and under the weight on my conscience for all the injustices that we had inflicted on Boris in his lifetime. I felt honoured to have known the dear old rascal. Maybe I was selfish to lash out at Frank. But my actions, I felt, somehow assuaged the shadow of guilt I bore, for the poor way I had repaid Uncle Boris for all he had given me.

Tears remained in my eyes and my ribs ached. It was getting hard to breathe. I felt too weak to rub away the beads of trickling sweat tickling my neck. I wore a suit and tie, for the first time since the Party Conference days before. Now, in the presence of Boris’s hidden corpse my fine clothes felt like a straightjacket of rags.

I was proud of myself, as I attacked Frank. I wished Boris had been alive to hear my words in his defence. I felt ashamed at the same time, for I knew whatever I did for Boris now was too little too late - and probably for the wrong reasons. Frank laughed in my face. Several heads turned to look at us. Among them I noticed Aunty Number Two. Boris’s second wife was there dressed like a recycled society matron hooked on the arm of a uniformed fellow. Now much older and matronly, with caked-on make-up she was a gaudy parody of what I remembered. Now she cast an impression of solidity, nothing else. Her companion may have been a security guard. I was caught in a time warp. Was it really she? Was this really I?  I felt my legs weakening. It was worse than being drunk.

“Just look at you, Boy” Frank snickered. “You are everything Boris hated. You are a bloody, middle class, university-trained lawyer and a would-be Labor Party hack. He was ashamed of you. He told me so before he died.”

The words struck like the blows of an axe. I remember nothing except Frank’s words… chop, chop, chop….

“He was ashamed of you…”

The cruel insult hacked at my legs and echoed...

“He told me so…" Frank said. "He was ashamed of you… He told me so… before he died… he was ashamed of you…”

Frank’s face seemed closer, rounder, fatter and hanging loosely from his skull. Huge red pores yawned in his sagging skin. His mouth was a gaping, grinning rip in his face. Then he seemed further away. I felt my heart stop beating and my lungs collapsed. Frank’s voice boomed and echoed, and his words chopped my legs from under me, I saw the sky sweep by.

He was ashamed of you… he told me so…

I later learned I collapsed and was carried to the shade of a nearby car. They told me Boris’s second wife rushed to my side and cried my name; and she cradled my head in her lap until my Mum roughly brushed her aside. They say the Aunt’s uniformed companion called for the ambulance on his mobile phone. They said Frank almost had a heart attack with the shock of my collapse. He kept saying to anyone who would listen, “I don’t know what came over him. I said nothing.”

A doctor came rushing from elsewhere and when I opened my eyes he said I’d simply fainted. He said I would be fine. They said I did not need an ambulance. I stood and collapsed again. Then I did need an ambulance.

I don’t know how much later it was when I found myself in bed listening to them talk to each other of these strange events, with Mum holding my hand and Dad standing by her side. Then they told me what happened. Still it did not make sense. I was agitated. I needed to know more… but I had no chance to ask.

Before I could speak Mum said to Dad, “She had a bloody hide, that woman, turning up to the funeral like that. Boris would have been disgusted.”

“And on the arm of that bloke, whatever he was,” muttered Dad. “Some people have no respect.”

“Now, now, now…” Gran would have said, if she was still round.

“What were you and Uncle Frank arguing about?” Mum asked me.

I sobbed out what I said to Frank.

“Good on you, Son,” said Dad. “Good on you, Mate!”

He leaned over me and wrapped an arm around me and clutched my head to his chest with the other. He almost suffocated me and I didn’t mind. I felt as close to Uncle Boris in my father’s arms as I could hope to be, with Dad’s face wetting my ear.

“Good on you, Fatty. You did your Uncle Boris proud,” Dad said.

I pulled away, and coughed like releasing a cork from my throat. Words flooded out. Tears flooded out with them. I somehow managed to tell them again what Frank had said, that Uncle Boris said he was ashamed of me.

Dad clutched my shoulder. I looked up to him but his eyes were toward Mum now, with his mouth hung open helplessly. I gazed from him to her and back again… Mum squeezed my hand with her nails biting. Close by I could hear her teeth grind. For years I had wondered what that sound was at home in the night. Now I knew.

“The lying bastard,” Dad hissed. “Boris would never, ever say anything like that about you. He was as proud of you as a man can be. I know that. He was my bloody brother. Jesus! … that damn Frank!”

Dad glared at Mum and she ignored him. Her eyes were all over my face… I heard Dad’s voice from far away…

“Tell him, Darl’!”

“Your Father is right,” Mum said. “Uncle Boris would never tell Frank anything. You know that. Frank is a bloody liar. You can’t believe a word he ever says. Boris loved you.”

My mind was all over the place. I was coming down to Earth fast. I wanted to land on my feet. I stared from Mum’s face to Dad, searching for an answer. I needed to know… Why? Why???

“Why would Frank say Boris said he was ashamed of me? Why would he make up something like that?”

Dad shook his head and my mother answered my questions with cold, unblinking eyes. Her teeth stopped grinding. She ground out words instead…

“Frank is a weak cunt! Everyone knows that,” Mum said.

With the shock of hearing Mum's words a bitter thought rushed through my mind among a jumble of many others: Emily might be saying the same thing about me to console Uncle Frank. That's how it is in families. I trembled all over. That's how it works in politics too. My head swam. The room swirled round me. I could almost hear Gran sitting in the corner as if she was still around going, “Now, now… now, now…”




SHE'S OUT THERE, SHOOTING OFF HER BIG MOUTH AGAIN

(A Misogynist Fiasco)


Don’t take anything out of context - especially what my ex-wife says about me! I am a respected businessman. I might get a damn-sight more respect if she stopped shooting off her big mouth behind my back.

The trouble started long before the scandalous court case. She started it. We were partners in a leading bookstore. Now, she goes so far to say I know nothing about books and writers. Writers and wives and whores have something in common. Each, in their own context attends to certain spiritual needs, I suggest. I think of them each, in general, in no disparaging way. And about whores, and such, my wife has much more to say than I do.

Some people don’t read, some don’t get married, some don’t patronise brothels. Some do. I make no judgement in regard to people on account of these peripheral matters. Live and let live I always said, and still I uphold the principle; for many years, my wife agreed. She and I owned a second-hand bookshop during our happily married lives. If anything, the global economic fiasco helped improve our business. This became obvious after she ripped off my share in the shop, as part of our divorce settlement. I will not say I was blameless. However, my greatest fault was excessive optimism. I thought she would be civilised. That was wrong. The first thing she did, when she took over the business, was close down my Special Book Section.

Until her treachery, I maintained a separate set of shelving to house the category of books in which I specialised. I called it Man-to-Man. Gay guys sometimes misunderstood, but I found no difficulty explaining. I felt this special category, Man-to-Man, warranted a separate and select genre in the literary icon, to be recognised as such. My then wife did not share this view. She called them grumpy old men books. She said I was excessively optimistic about their literary value. Hallucinatory is the word she most often used. In spite of her doubts, I judiciously played a kind of futures market, speculating in my field of specialisation. I predicted fads and scoured the usual places for bargains. With expert timing, I could later produce these bargains as lost treasures, and sell them, sometimes with a thousand per cent mark up. They sold quite well in a quiet fashion, all quality authors. They were mainly single edition efforts, simplifying my work.

It is one thing to read the many Kurt Vonnegut novels. But where you meet the creative Kurt at work is in Palm Sunday. That is merely one from of my vast collection. You are honoured to meet a little more of the man, in the Palm where he goes so far as to produce a sketch of his own asshole. (Not even Leonardo da Vinci did such a thing, as far as I know). The book is really more of an intimately shared journey than narrative. Such works bend the boundaries of our culture. It is a privilege to meet a top-flight author reflecting, in varying graceful ways as they do, on those matters significant to him. Such ruminations put a writer’s body of work into context.

My wife praised the money my sales brought in, but she did not like the books, or the writers. Nor did she have any time for my talk of context. She would heave a long sigh, when customers requested a title from my specialty range, such as Kingdom of Fear, by Hunter S. Thompson (in which the best bit in my view is the part written by the lawyer Goldstein). Another title she described as sheer jumble is the masterpiece Raw, by Alan Sillitoe (you must have a go at that one). I have a very soft spot too for Confessions of an Irish Rebel, by Brendan Behan (that - he probably recited drunk to some woman in a hotel room). I am confident my wife’s sighs of despair in discussing the Man-to-Man range were more often directed at my look of satisfaction, rather than the actual book sales.

My favourite item of stock, of course, in terms of craft, and for other reasons, was Truman Capote’s Answered Prayers, which did not entirely fit my category, but the darn little book refused to be excluded, because I liked it so much. My wife did not like it at all. She said she much preferred Breakfast at Tiffany’s, which puzzled me because she only read Answered Prayers once, and the other a dozen times. There can be no comparison. One is a story, the other a phenomena.

When I think of books that speak man to man (perhaps I should say person to person) many titles come to mind. They deal with the hard facts of brilliant lives. They represent the nectar of lived experience strained through fine talent and stirred by powerful imagination. Such books soon go out of print. They are often guilty of unguarded and sometimes fatal honesty. Some seem lazily constructed and less finished than more precious and precise works by the same author. They offer less reserve and balance and pretence and artificiality than the formal memoir. They may meander somewhat, tend to be sketchy and impulsive, but they can be wise as hard drinking and years ever make a man. I read them all. The reason I liked them was the far from simple, manly honesty I admire in all kinds of writing. When I told my wife this, she said I was compensating. I said she was being nasty. I was wrong. She was not being nasty. That came later.

She honestly thought I was compensating. In a way, perhaps she was right, we all compensate for something. She had me at a disadvantage though, because she did not say for what she thought I was compensating. I denied it, of course. I did so on the principle a man is innocent until proven guilty. With this too, in my case, she did not agree.

I would say writers, like people, mellow with age. She would say my favourite authors pickled themselves, and that they faded away on the page. She denied they grew sharper. She denied they grew blunter. I read to her examples of where they wrote more deeply from the soul, when they had nothing to lose; or when, for some, they ran out of other things to say. She said small doses were okay. But they meandered. That’s how she saw breadth of range and scope.

It is only to be expected, that in flights of more free expression, a degree of craziness, self-indulgence and sloppy writing might intrude. For me it was part of the candid, casual moment in which the reader permits the author to have a drink and relax. Through haze and muddle, I trusted my carefully chosen authors and they never let me down. Many customers consulted me for my expertise. It pleased me. This annoyed my wife. That pleased me too.

That was nothing. The real trouble came after business hours. She censured me over a number of previous disasters occurring both at home and in the bookshop. My optimism strained under her torrent of indefensible accusations. Then, at my lowest ebb, she complained she was tired of my incessant and increasingly diverse sexual demands. (The word she used was perverted.) I was not surprised. Worse happens between people. We all know of such things, if we read a little. People shoot each other sometimes, after decades caged in a single married life. I didn’t mind marriage as much as she did. And I understood her need for independence. It gave me time to read. But, after twenty years of marriage, I was tired of a few things too. Particularly annoying was her compulsive feminism.

Feminism was the big F. It came with a gang of three little fs – flaky female friends. One of my wife’s friends was a female lawyer, very much not a good sign in a marriage. My wife said her friends made her feel I took her for granted. She flooded the bookshop with feminist propaganda, mainly pseudo-academic, semi-separatist, fly-by-night bandwagon baggage, dumped out of the USA or Europe, and a surprising number of feminist autobiographies. I read it all. I never realised there were so many lesbians in the world. I worried about my wife and her friends, but not perhaps as much as I should have. Germaine Greer was my favourite of the feminists, not just because she was grumpy, but she wrote man to man. My wife refused to let me include Greer in my specialty section, because she was a woman. I claimed Greer was more of a man than Capote, as an author. My wife said both Germaine Greer and Truman Capote would be unpleased to hear my views. I reminded her Capote was dead, so if he heard my comments it would be a miracle. Despite my wife’s insistence I could have no woman author, I had a large supply of the memoir of a porn star, Ordeal, by Linda Lovelace. I said she was not the true author, because the book was ghost written by a man, some journo for Los Angeles Times. That was a coup for me. I forget what the writing was like, so it couldn’t have been too bad. Lovelace’s was a very sad and courageously told sobering story. It could have been easily messed up. It wasn’t. The simply told story belted you in the face off the page. It was as hard-bitten, down to earth and heart-softening as anything I read. The poor kid she was with a shit life, although I guess she found a sympathetic friend in Sammy Davis jnr. for a while. My wife refused to read it. She said she would not have that filth shoved down her throat. I thought of Sammy Davis jnr for obvious reasons if you read the book. I was proud to include Ordeal in my range. And like many of my ideas, it made money.

Like I always said, ideas are one thing and reality is another, and, as I predicted, the feminist stock moved slowly, especially when I was around. The dykes and old ladies avoided me for some reason. When my wife noticed this, as she soon did, we agreed I was to go bargain hunting, and remain out of the shop more often. This suited everybody, especially after my wife later came up with the idea that eventually caused my world to come crashing down. Maybe, even at that early stage, unknown to me, she was squeezing me out.

My wife and I once had a very happy life. She was mad for love and madder for sex, and so was I, but our shared passion was books; different books admittedly but books all the same. And we both hated children. She used to laugh gaily in the old days, she did not need a child, she had me, and I lapped up the attention. Sometimes I would read to her, and she would curl up in my arms and beg me to read something different. If I had the chance over again, I would read her something she liked.

For all our differences we were very compatible. She loved cooking and I loved eating. Not just that. We were united as one in our furious opposition to censorship. We both enjoyed high-class artful erotica, though in this my tastes were less elevated than hers. And we had our personal obsessions. She hated my grumpy old men books, and her feminism plagued me. It got to the point where, after many years of domestic discord, I was forced to sacrifice huge chunks of my precious reading time to household chores. She claimed she was allergic to a chemical in the household cleansers, so you can imagine what that meant. I requested she produce a doctor’s certificate. My request she called pathetic. My request was only pathetic because she ignored it. When it came to housework, I was more the feminist than she. In my usual optimistic fashion, I found a solution. Talking books and a clip-on tape player; you know the sort of thing, the books on audiotape, read by an actor, or sometimes the author. I listened as I laboured. The quality and speed of my work suffered, but I was happy, like a big baby, listening to books being read to me. For hours every day, I retreated into a world of wonderment circumscribed by my earphones. I thought, when I go blind that’s what I will do - just lie around listening to books, not doing housework. Later, my wife got a woman in to help, because my work was too sloppy. She could afford such luxuries as the bookshop made more money. Our main selling point I think was my wife being so helpful with the customers. She had no end of ideas of how to sell books. She mainly talked to people about things when she knew nothing. I flattered myself I taught her that. I taught her many things, like the importance of closing a sale, and planning, which perhaps I should now regret. Many small businesses have no strategic plan. We had two – hers and mine – so we were doubly assured of success, and slowly it came. My wife in fact had a different strategy from week to week, depending which of her friends she listened to most recently. Her constant strategy was always a beaming smile, though her smile often turned down at the edges when she looked at me. But with the customers, she was uncanny, and I loved it in her. The things she said! Mainly she listened, and then she would say something that made people laugh. They were happy days, compared to now. I often told her if she wrote down her sayings they would make good reading. She said, if she wrote down half what she thought, it would be riveting!

She never took anything I said seriously at that stage, due to a recent idea of mine that went awry. I was not the only one who came up with a bad idea. She wanted to turn the business into a feminist bookshop at one stage. When I asked how my specialty Man-to-man section would fit in a feminist bookshop, she shrugged. I pretended to take the idea seriously and suggested we study the industry sales figures. The numbers totally confused her. I told her she was being over optimistic. She said that was really something, coming from me! Maybe that scared her. Or, she just got sick of banging her head against a brick wall. So she said anyway. No doubt she made the “brick wall” quip purely to make me feel guilty. It worked. I tried to be nice. I bought her a newly released book, but she said one of her lady friends had already given her a copy for her birthday.

“Shit,” I said. “I’m sorry. I forgot about your birthday.”

She grabbed me in a delicate region. Her smile was as friendly as I had seen on her face in years, but I realised from how her nails dug in, her smile was false.

“Don’t worry. I won’t forget,” she said.

My blood went cold, and well it may have. I was constantly reminded of how things had changed between us, when I saw her smiling with customers and her friends, and then I would see the way she looked at me. Soon after her disappointment over the feminist bookshop idea, she said she was sick of sex. I was certain the two things were connected. I knew from bitter experience, it was dangerous for me to tread on one of her dreams. Perhaps I should have been more careful.

This time, she decided she wanted sex only now and then. I asked when would that be, and she said it would be when she felt like it. I asked was she turning into a lesbian, and she looked at me with such hatred. I knew I was in trouble, whatever the answer. And whatever the answer was she never told me. She said she had been tired of sex for ten years. When I told her she seemed very fond of it in the first years of our marriage, she said she couldn’t remember that far back.

Understandably, I enquired as to her opinion of the status of my thoughts on the matter; that is, regarding our sexual relations. And she informed me in no uncertain terms that, in the meantime, if I was so desperate and could not control myself, I should go to prostitutes. I admit on this occasion I may have been excessively optimistic to believe she meant what she said. It seemed an entirely reasonable suggestion to me. On that account, I followed her advice. Some days I was ashamed of myself. Other days I felt nothing was too good for me. I wished she had given me the idea long ago. I met many interesting young ladies.

My authors became companions to me in my adventures, as in parallel I knew some had been in their lives. From a simple reader of such things, I ventured out of the idea, into sordid reality. I was taking a walk on the wild side.

As one might expect, the young ladies who provided my paid entertainment, were poor companions for my favoured conversation, and in darker moments, I wished they could be transformed into my wife, at least for conversation. At my worst, I thought if I paid my wife for such services, she could be enticed to lend me the money to recycle back to her. And I would have someone to talk to, while I had my fun. I was thinking of Heaven, whilst inexorably I was sinking slowly toward Hell. Sometimes the thin young ladies looked at me like I was crazy, when I might mention some relevant literary matter, as they went about their work. I felt sorry for them. Often they were a waste of my time and money, but I was too much a gentleman to complain. And there were plenty of other establishments around town just the same, so I didn’t need go back to any particular place again.

Though in obvious ways the experience purchased was usually joyful for me, I had embarrassments, and sometimes it was simply sad. I questioned my existence. The act of sex was akin to hallucination, a sense-addling culmination of inane anticipation...

I craved the sense of power I achieved placing money in a woman’s hand. The ladies were characters in the book I was living. For each visit I adopted a different persona. I hinted I was an author, and gave a false, often famous name to conceal my identity. It was not a total untruth, given I was not always fully myself. This was in no way deceitful. The ladies gave stage names too. It was all an act, on both sides of the equation. In the end, the sex itself could be nothing but pretence; upon such shallow foundations - far from ever complete as the real thing. I gave hints I was rich and totally without care. Or I was a passionate man of bottomless sorrows, and I might kill myself any day now. I steered clear of those ladies who wanted to know more. I acted highly educated. I was exhilarated. In a matter of months I lived a thousand lives. Then followed countless others…

I could be forgiven for not knowing who I was. But one thing for sure, I was not myself. I was better than that, and as a result I began to feel unreasonably superior for days in a row. In view of the effect this had on my behaviour, I surely cannot be fairly held to account for actions alleged to have occurred in that period.

As for the ladies being young and thin, compared to my wife and me, I felt the World was young and thin. The thin young ladies were not always so thin, or so young, but each of them seemed to always want to be somewhere else. One fell asleep when I was on her, although she denied it when I woke her up. It totally put me off for weeks. I wondered, if I was less old and fat would it make any difference for them. It certainly would for me. Sweating against their slender bodies I reminded myself of a saggy old pair of greyed Y-fronts dripping on a drying rack. Often, instead of visiting such ladies, as my wife had to my mind suggested, I would repose alone under a park tree for an hour or two, sometimes four, with one of my hardcover friends and a bottle of wine, or two, to gather strength for my next foray. I know not which day I loved best. Nothing I craved did I forgo. If I were informed that my life would unavoidably end within six months, I would have changed not a thing.  Yet, enlightenment came to me suddenly with blinding darkness; I was possessed by the man-to-man sadness of my reading, the form of wisdom that comes with experience, the withering awareness of unfairness, and the realisation of my part in it.  Things were not fair. All this young beauty now was wasted on me. Where was it when I too was young? And so, I felt open a new sub-text, for me to read in my authors and in my living. It was tragic. I was a dead man feasting on youthful beauty. All I did was false. What was there to not hate in myself? Even my pleasures were total fake. I suddenly felt myself burn out p-f-f-fu-u-ut! Not as an author, for now I was author of my own crazy days, but worse, a burned out reader, a failure as a whole man, a consumer of other men’s misery, joy, sadness and anger. Now, in their image I had created my own. Had I in fact become my own God? That was it. Everything came together. The hardness of life and its softness was one – stirring all passion, intensity, creation, all craft, art, chance and opportunity in the great circumstantial delusion. After all what man would not have done as I did had they such prospects as I?

None of us is ourselves, but rather, at any time, vermin who infest a moment. And the moment was dirty, wrong and ugly. It disturbed me in places I had till then not known of myself. I saw what I was doing clearly. And what I saw, I fear even now too greatly to ever disclose. I momentarily would have held a gun to my head, were one at hand, and blown out my brains, possibly; I suddenly understood, how so many of my favourite authors had done exactly that. Then, as suddenly, the coward in me returned.

I was never the same. In my disturbed state, I was unaware, how much else would also not be the same - thanks to my wife’s plans. The plans I did not yet know about. Her plans for me!

Normal routine continued. I saw no cause to alarm her with tales of my exploits on the wild side. And, certainly she would have little interest in my self-doubts stirred up on the rare occasions I thought about that part of my life. Despite it being my wife’s original suggestion for me to go to the prostitutes, I did not wish to cause her to have second thoughts. What was the harm? Both our problems were solved. And if the ladies in the brothels were not always pleased to see me, they were to receive my money. Perhaps I was deceitful, but I chose to leave well enough alone.

I was surprised it took my wife so long to notice money missing from the bookshop till. She said nothing, but I noticed she developed an annoying habit of checking the contents of the cash drawer every few hours. Of course, being a modern couple, my wife insisted we have separate bank accounts, partly since she did not trust me, due to a previous situation. Slowly at first, and then more frequently, I sucked my share of our savings dry. One of my wife’s friends later claimed in an affidavit, He blew the heart out of the business in condoms all over the city…and he was never in the bookstore.

I felt the sharp rebuke reading that affidavit, and others. I was hurt by the exaggeration and the allegations devoid of context. After all it was her idea that I keep out of the bookstore. Yet, I was not entirely innocent. I admit I surprised myself, how the frequency of my erotic excursions and my visits to the ATM rapidly accelerated. Domestic relations improved, as I no longer bothered my wife with my usual “incessant” romantic overtures. If my wife noticed I had become easier for her to live with, and particularly to sleep with, she said nothing. I thought it suited her, until she smelled my clothes, and she asked me why they stunk of cheap perfume and….

And what? She did not say. She simply pulled a face of revulsion. Obviously I had become too accustomed to the smell of the perfumed palaces I patronised, and a moment was wasted as I regretted my mistake. Even to this day, I cannot think of a plausible explanation - other than the truth. She knew the truth before I opened my mouth, which in a way helped me to tell it. I may be excessively optimistic at times, but I am not often a liar, especially when I see no great harm in the truth. I reminded her it was her idea in the first place. My truthful explanation she met with a deadly grin, and a single word, a word she breathed out in a long, sarcastic whisper.

“You-u-u-u-u!”

She curled her left nostril and shook her head in disgust, as though I had turned to shit in front of her eyes. That night I did not sleep. I lay on the lounge, bracing myself against the blizzard of her tears in the next room. For six hours she bawled non-stop. As much as I counselled myself it might be judicious to brave her anger and seek forgiveness, I told myself to be patient, and leave well enough alone, and allow her to calm down. Then she stopped crying; the house was encased in icy silence for two hours. She made a phone call but all I heard were indistinguishable whispers followed by her chuckle, from behind our bedroom door. I interpreted this as a good sign. At last, I heard the bedroom door creak open, and she appeared in the doorway. I resolved to do everything in my power to make amends, if she were reasonable.

She was not. She was fully dressed. Her face was white. She carried two travel cases. The cases were mine. I dare not tell you what I thought of feminism on that day, as I fished through the cases on the front lawn in front of the house for street clothes.  I hid out of sight behind some shrubs to change out of my pyjamas into street clothes. My optimism had deserted me, along with my bank account balance, for the sin of taking my wife at her word.

So, as you can see, many of the claims made by my wife must be seen in context, to be fairly understood. All her talk, of me throwing away my fortune on young girls behind her back, it’s only partly true and not as simple as it sounds. By no means were they all young. Some of what my wife says is untrue, and much of it is exaggerated. And she has no proof whatever I entertained escort girls on our marriage bed. She completely overlooks her own role in what happened. Her entire campaign is based on lies and things taken out of context. Like the quote she tore from my notebook and produced in court, as evidence of my so-called depravity and dangerous instability. My then wife, in total disregard for the truth or justice, tore off the beginning of the quote. And as her lawyer read the remaining few sentences, out of context, my wife sobbed crocodile tears. Yet I saw her glance my way with a smirk, knowing she had used one of my own authors against me.

“We are human scum, and that is how history will judge us…No redeeming social value. Just whores. Get out of our way, or we’ll kill you.”

I looked away from my wife and her crocodile tears, only to meet the judge’s watery eyes, glaring over the top of her spectacles at me. Yet the quote was completely not depraved. It was supremely logical and politically appropriate, when read in context. I regretted my bold underlining of the words we’ll kill you - it was clearly visible across the courtroom.

The judge said, “You wrote that?”

“No,” I said. “Hunter S. Thompson wrote it. I copied it down.”

“Whose hand-writing is that?”

“Mine.”

“Then you wrote it. Sit down.”

More than half the quote had been scandalously censored by my soon to be ex-wife. The author was thoughtfully expostulating on the role of his home country, the United States of America, in world affairs, nothing to do with prostitutes.

He wrote, “We have become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world – a nation of bullies and bastards who would rather kill than live peacefully. We are not just whores for power and oil, but killer whores with hate and fear in our hearts.”

Then, it went on with the words used against me in court. The court never heard the entire quote. So, it looked worse than it was. I’m sure when the author typed those words, he had no idea they would be so twisted, to contribute to my downfall. Like everything, it hinged on a question of context. Unfortunately, my lawyer was, as he put it, “unable to concur”. He advised me against focusing on the quote. He said in a case involving a million dollars at stake, the political and literary dimensions of my wife’s perjury were of little interest to the court. I thought this in itself an injustice. It did not look good for me. My lawyer asked me to compose a list of my past initiatives to improve the bookshop business. I refused. I felt it his job to prepare my case. I told him so, and he went on about the whole thing from his point of view. I asked him who was paying whom? He concurred with me on that point, but he persisted pressing me (pestering me, I should say) to provide a list of mystical “initiatives”, but since I could think of not one, I maintained a firm stance.

The worst thing for a lawyer I know is to have a client unable to take a firm stance.

I regret to say my lawyer was not a reader. He was a colourless wimp despite the bright bow tie he wore to disguise the fact. Unlike my wife’s lawyer, who called me for everything and tore me to shreds mercilessly throughout proceedings, my guy was full of as such and per se and tsk-tsk! Most of my ideas he considered of little interest to the court.

My guy’s cut and thrust was more the common garden variety of cut and run. More than that, I was concerned that my wife engaged a close personal lady friend of hers as her lawyer. I wondered, was there something more to their relationship as well? If we were on better terms, I may have asked my wife for the name of her second choice as lawyer, to at least give me a fair chance. My wife was always good at organising things, making decisions without consulting me, and choosing good people. Maybe that’s why she chose me. I, on the other hand, chose her. I was never much at picking people. That’s why I kept to books. Books are easier to throw away when you get a bad one. When it came to seeking legal help, I therefore went to a book.

I chose my thin, young learned friend from the Yellow Pages listings. At first he impressed me with his snappy three-piece suit and the flowery bow tie. He looked hungry, and that I thought a good sign in a lawyer. He was an obvious drinker and a devoted smoker, for one so young, and I felt the smoke and liquor should put fire in his belly. To spark a bit of life in him, later as the case wore on, when I saw what he was really like, I composed numerous speech suggestions to assist my cause. These he invariably found unsound, although one he said he could use if I agreed to plead insanity. As he spoke his face remained entirely expressionless, and I was never sure if he was joking. He seemed competent, but he was a bow-tied monument to his own importance, more competent at pumping up his fee from me, than advancing my case. He reminded me of the lined up ladies in a brothel, with his huge forced smile. Yet certainly as much as the aforementioned young ladies in their profession - my lawyer looked the proper part. That gave me some if shaky confidence. I am proud to say, despite repeated ill omens, my optimism throughout the case held staunch, until just before the very end.

When I lost the case utterly, I was distraught. That is an understatement of immense proportions. I lost everything. Even, I think my lawyer’s respect, when I wept on his shoulder in a private side room. I cannot blame myself. He would have wept too, if he knew I would never pay him another penny. Had I not already paid enough, more than dearly, for the sake of a little misunderstanding, and excessive optimism? Not without the help of my old friends, the three Fs that ruined my life, Feminism and Fraud and quite frankly… Fuckhead!

That’s right, I was absolutely let down by Mr Fuckhead Bow Tie. Now, I am left to live with all this. I have been misrepresented completely, and taken comprehensively out of context. I have lost my bookshop. I have lost my speciality section. I have lost my savings. I have lost my home. I have lost my wife. And my life, the life I knew,  is gone. Of course, I realise I am not dead! Must I be grateful for that, when now she wants to furthermore take away my good reputation, by talking bullshit about me all over the place!

She even says to everybody everywhere she goes that I know nothing about books and writers. So, you see what I mean.



ACCUSING EYES & ANOTHER MAN'S WIFE


Many people call the place they work a shithouse. In the case of Albert Newhouse it was true. He was a toilet attendant. He read romance novels written for women, searching for inspiration. His favourite parts were when the hero took the heroine in his arms. He began to not read the whole of each novel, but only the climax at the end, as he searched for the magic answer to his maddening desire to passionately possess the one legged wife of another man.

It was obvious Newhouse was an odd character.  He showed symptoms long before he talked of dead bodies.

If he noticed a stranger in the street more than once, he was convinced they followed him. He held conversations alone. He talked of a widow and some fantasy woman he loved. He spoke of accusing eyes. He embarrassed people the way he stood close and stared agitatedly, as he whispered about some jealous husband on account of whom he lived in fear. He believed a dead man stalked him. When shown the corpse, workmates saw nothing. They mocked Newhouse and sometimes enquired as to how the Invisible Man was going. According to his security file he was a university graduate. Newhouse said he recalled nothing of those years, nothing he learned or anything that happened in them. But he had a bigger problem, a problem of the heart.

When he talked about heartaches, people thought it was in his head. Newhouse told of a widow. Sometimes she had a missing leg. He praised her delicious food and, even more so, how wonderful in flavour it was. He was too much a gentleman to mention her glorious bosoms and buttocks, but he made it clear he liked many things about her. Yet, he knew not what to do. People thought he was making up stories to compensate for the fact he had no real life. He never reached the most complicated part of his woes. People did not listen that long.

He told them of the time Mrs Withers asked him for a photograph of his head but he had none to give her. The word she used was face. She brought out a camera and took a snap. It was torture. Smile, she said. It took several efforts before he finally squeezed together a smile strong enough to reach his lips. He could not remember having his photograph taken before, other than in the hands of the police. They took photos and fingerprints. “Did the widow take your fingerprints too,” someone teased him. No one treated his sadness seriously. Once again proving it is useless to talk to people.

***

Newhouse the toilet attendant did his work to routine and kept mainly to himself. He took no part in rumours. He merely listened, and he believed nothing. Workmates urged Newhouse to tell the university experts about the one legged man’s wife. They joked until Newhouse took no notice. When the stupidity ended they got serious and complained they were all being used as guinea pigs. Newhouse said if they were treated like guinea pigs that would be a promotion up the hierarchy, but as everyone knew, the expert study was a human resources conspiracy, and one of the students was the boss’s niece. When workmates were astounded and asked Newhouse how he knew all this information, he said he listened. He wished people would listen to him, and help him with his Mrs Withers' dilemma.

The hygiene inspector said, “The bosses would not know if you were up them. But, every co-operation is to be accorded to this fucking useless research bullshit. That’s an order!”

The study was aimed at predicting trouble under future infrastructure plans. The toilet attendants were suspicious and close-lipped. Newhouse was summoned to a private office for a confidential chat. After several questions he ceased to feel nervous. The girl in the white coat smiled a lot. She seemed pleased with his guesses. People always smiled when they got what they wanted. When the girl asked the tricky multiple-choice questions, Newhouse always picked the middle answer. He tried to ignore the white coat, and the eerie feeling it gave him. With its crisp cleanness, and its fresh laundered smell and its heartless whiteness, it reminded him of the crazy place. Then the girl asked about smells.

“You get used to the smell of shit,” Newhouse said; though normally a man of few words and of not many sentences to contain them, he went on. “Though strong at first, the smell of shit fades. On the other hand, the smell of urine and vomit are of a chemical rather than organic nature; they more sting the eyes and evidence an enduring vapour that permeates the pores of the skin.”

“You sound as though you could write this report better than I can,” said the boss’s niece.

Returning briefly to his usual form of communication, the toilet attendant nodded. The crazy place and his big sickness were behind him now, but not far enough. He had no desire to return. He felt uneasy speaking so freely to the white coat. There was something about the girl he did not like. Though she smiled, her eyes remained self-contained, he felt  like a person with power. The girl had no lovely look of a woman who might cook for a man a beautiful meal and gaze at him hungrily while he ate it. Newhouse had a powerful sensation of Mrs Withers’ fragrant breasts, and he looked disapprovingly at the flat  white dustcoat. But something about the questions got him going. After all, when it came to the subject of smells encountered in a public convenience, he could certainly speak with authority. Why not? He was simply following orders, according every co-operation. Had not the hygiene inspector spoke clearly on the matter?

“Tell them what you like. It won’t make any difference. The decision has already been made.”

The boss’s niece was astonished. She was required to add comments to the tick-boxes in order to record the toilet attendant’s responses. She pecked at his brains for quotes to pad out her report, but she soon ceased scribbling.

“The worst smells come from the disinfectants and the deodorisers,” Newhouse explained. “The chemicals soak into your skin through the day and the smell comes out all through the night. I even smell it in my dreams. I wish it didn’t, especially when I am naked and sweating. God knows what Mrs Withers thinks. She’s so wonderful, sometimes I feel like abusing her hospitality. It’s embarrassing when….”

“Do you dream about your work?” the boss’s niece asked.

“I dream of many things,” Newhouse lied.

The truth was he dreamed night and day about only Mrs Withers. Newhouse doubted this young girl. Would she in all her life ever know such a love so fierce as the feelings that boiled in him for Mrs Withers, the subject and object of all dreams? He wondered too, if Mrs Withers would ever discover how strongly he felt. She would not, unless he found courage to tell her. When was the right moment? He heard himself speak these thoughts aloud. The girl in the white dustcoat explained that her study was for reasons of occupational health, safety and welfare, and anything he could tell her about those things may be useful in the future.

“We don’t have any wel-fare,” Newhouse said indignantly. “But we may soon have a fare-well!”

He wondered how his answers would be useful in the future if the expert did not write them down. If anyone cared about his welfare they would advise him about solving his love problems. Nor was it any help to his mental welfare if no one would admit they had seen the corpse. There was nothing to be said about welfare if he were to lose his job anyway, like the rumours said.

“You have a Health and Safety policy. Don’t you?” the boss’s niece asked.

“Yes. We have a health and safety policy - but no welfare policy - and no welfare. Not really. Anyway, everyone knows you people are here because they are going to sack us all and close down the public toilets. We all know that.”

“That’s the first time I’ve heard about it,” the boss’s niece lied.

***

Two things Newhouse did not do. Firstly, he did not believe anything anyone ever said; and secondly, he did not care about any of it, whatever it was. The white dustcoat ended the interview with a swirl, when the girl rose from her chair. The girl could write her report on bog roll for all the difference it made to Newhouse. If she came back with more questions like she said she might, she knew where to find him. He enjoyed the distraction but he did not need it. He preferred the distraction of thinking about the widow, Mrs Withers. When he returned to work the day seemed too short. He had to hurry through his duties. He hung a painted sign by the external entrance of the toilet block.

CLOSED FOR CLEANING : DO NOT ENTER

“Life is a smelly customer,” Newhouse thought aloud as he scurried about.

He felt these few words explained most things. Life is a smelly customer. He avoided treading on the nearby corpse as he mopped up a small pool of blood from the floor. Strange there should be blood he thought. He shook his head and he felt sorry for the poor bastard lying there on cold tiles again, with his life ended. He wished the dead man’s eyes would stop staring. Newhouse sat behind a curtain that hid a chair from the public area, so the corpse could not see him. He knew the dead man, and could not face his accusing eyes. Newhouse checked the time, dreading the impending scheduled inspection - and the arrival of the frightening, sometimes drunk hygiene inspector. Newhouse swallowed his spit. It tasted like floor cleaner. His hands trembled, more in fear of the corpse than the foul-mouthed hygiene inspector.

The hygiene inspector often said, “Cleanliness is next to fucking Godliness.”

Required standards of cleanliness did not allow for the presence of a corpse on the floor. It was an embarrassment. The inspector frowned on such things.

“Holy mother of cunt, you bleeding arse-fuck. Look at this mess,” grumbled the hygiene inspector. “You haven’t even hosed the place.”

The health inspector pointed here. He pointed there, uttering oaths more blue each time. Newhouse peeped around the edge of the curtained partition. He pointed nervously to the corpse and quickly looked away from the eyes staring back at him.

“You can’t see it, can you?” he whispered.

The health inspector looked here. He looked there. He shook his head and stared at the floor tiles where Newhouse indicated there was something. The inspector saw nothing.

“Fucking see fucking what?”

“It. There.”

Newhouse gestured toward where the corpse lay.

“The body,” he said.

The hygiene inspector scowled.

“Another body. Eh? Dead again? The same one? Or not? You fucking dick-wit! Get out here!”

He glared as the attendant ventured from behind the curtains, dragging a mop and standing with his back to the corpse. The hygiene inspector shook his head. He stared at the floor tiles behind Newhouse.

“There’s nothing here. Unless I’m going blind - and I know I am not going blind, because I can see you - even though I might tell you, that’s no great fucking thrill! I may be nuts but I’m not blind.”

“So you still can’t see it?” Newhouse mumbled.

 “No. I can’t fucking-well see it. Christ, I would be very worried if I could see it, since there is nothing fucking there.” said the inspector. “I reckon, either one of us can see something that isn’t there, or the other one can’t see something that is there. That’s obvious, isn’t it? You would agree? It’s logical, isn’t it? Well? That suggests to me - one or the other of us must be crazy as all shit. Don’t you think?”

Newhouse nodded. He glanced over his shoulder.

“Don’t worry, there is nothing there,” said the inspector.

The inspector tapped Newhouse on the head, ruffling his grey hair.

“That’s where the dead body is - up here in your fucking scone. Did you speak to your doctor like I told you?”

It was no use lying to the inspector. He believed nothing. It was no use either to tell him the truth. Again Newhouse nodded, gripping the mop handle with the thick rubber glove on one hand and rubbing the back of his neck with his other bare hand.

“What did he say?”

“Who?”

“Your doctor, for fuck’s sake.”

“She said I should ignore it and say nothing. Especially to you.”

The inspector scowled suddenly. Especially me? He ignored that question hastily, and he peered at the toilet attendant.

“Ignore it? Ignore what? The bodies?”

“Not bodies. It’s just the one body.”

“Body. Bodies. There is no bloody body and there are no bodies, you dumb cunt. So why don’t you just ignore them like she said? And don’t bother me with all this bullshit. I don’t even believe you went to see her. Why doesn’t she tell you, there are no bodies? Bring her down here. Let her see for herself and tell you.”

Newhouse stared helplessly toward the floor. He said nothing. In exasperation the hygiene inspector resumed his tirade. The toilet attendant accepted the verbal beating dutifully, but none of it sank in. In his defence he protested vehemently.

“She did say ignore them, I think.”

“You can’t admit there’s nothing there, can you? You’re obsessed. I reckon you’re a homosexual necrophiliac or something. You can’t ignore it, can you? You bloody want it there. You’ve got some bad guilt complex. Tell that to your…..”

“I’ve tried to ignore it.” 

“Of course, you’ve tried. But how can you ignore something that’s bloody not there to frigging start with? You sure she’s a doctor you go to? Not some fucking old Sheila with tarot cards and crystal balls is she? At least she should send you for an X-ray.”

The hygiene inspector tapped the toilet attendant’s head for the second time in the day. Newhouse was counting. Once the inspector tapped him on the head four times in a single day. He hated being tapped on the head.

“Get an X-ray to see if there is anything up in here,” the inspector said.

“She said I should say nothing, or….”

Newhouse’s face darkened with thoughts of another place and other time.

“Or?” the hygiene inspector enquired, waiting for the toilet attendant to continue his interrupted sentence. “Or what?”

The toilet attendant said no more. That was all. He stayed sunken in silence with a stooped head and curved shoulders. Why go for counselling again? They gave no love advice. They talked, but they could not take away a dead body. They might send him back to that place where everything is crazier than the outside world. The inspector was smart but he did not know of such things.

“Okay,” grumbled the hygiene inspector. “Ignore the bodies or the body or whatever. And hose this place down like the City is paying you to do, for Christ’s sake, before you start a pig’s-arse bubonic plague or something. Jesus, this place stinks. It smells like someone died in here.”

“So! You can smell it?” Newhouse said hopefully. “Even if you can’t see it.”

The hygiene inspector waved his finger close under the toilet attendant’s nose.

“Don’t start again! Just get this place hosed down and smelling like a public convenience - instead of a stinking shithouse.”

Newhouse went off to the storeroom behind the curtain to get the hose as instructed. When he returned, the body was gone, but the floor tiles were stained darker where the corpse with watchful eyes had lain. The hygiene inspector did not mention the stain when he returned smelling of drink to check the work had been done.

“Not bad. Not as bad as before. It’s good actually. You’ve done a fucking fine job. No body there now, is there?”

“No,” said Newhouse.

The hygiene inspector winked.

“Good man. See what a bit of water and disinfectant can do. Marvellous. All those germs don’t stand a chance against you, eh?”

The hygiene inspector raised his nose and gave a few deep sniffs through flared nostrils.

“This smells better than my teenage son’s bedroom at home, this does. Honest. I mean it. You’ve given it a scrupulous thorough going over. If those bodies come back just ignore them again, okay? And everything will be fine.”

With a dour expression, Newhouse gave a few obsequious nods, avoiding the hygiene inspector’s eyes. Nor did he look where the body had lain, in case it arrived back again.

***

As we all know, there is nothing here, in this world, but our own burned out, crumbling faces staring hopefully at each other through a haze of blue smoke rising from the ruins of our dreams. Your ears ache from the drone of people telling each other what to do, and the thunder of our galloping hooves as we stampede toward damnation, in herd-like fear of common sense and reason. This was a matter of consternation to Newhouse.

He grumbled when he thought he was alone in his threatened domain, the latrine.

“People have too much to say,” he complained.

“Not all of it is true and not all of it makes sense,” he agreed.

“Surely, there must be more to life than all this.”

“If there is, I see no evidence.”

“Evidence? People can’t see the evidence when it lays there on the tiles, in front of their eyes – with blood everywhere.”

“And that poor woman, alone in that house with those accusing eyes! Oh God!  I love her so, my heart just…..”

His discussion was interrupted by a cough. A lone man in a collar and tie at the urinal shook himself and hurried out of the place without washing his hands. The toilet attendant sighed as he wiped down the hand basins and shined the plate glass mirrors where generations for a century had washed up like human flotsam at the edge of the sea to stare themselves in their own faces. There must be more to life than this, he thought, but all this may soon be taken away, and there will be even less than this.

The role of toilet attendant was always important, if undervalued. But the day of the attendant was fast passing under pressure of redevelopment in the new privatised world. Now you would soon see the robot dunny - like a silver modularised spacecraft spoiling the natural city surroundings, and they were never as clean as the traditional toilet. The modern closed-in stainless steel construction provided solitary confinement with poor ventilation and unreliable automated flushing systems unable to deal with breakdowns and blockages – not like the old way, where human ingenuity was able to attend to all contingencies with alacrity.

Pity the modern trapped toilet user - whimpering in an emergency, with futile calls for help echoing in the isolation of a sealed metal cell, with no attendant to deal with the matter. That was the future. Newhouse knew how it felt to be trapped, whimpering. He knew well the agony of one’s futile calls for help echoing, while no one answers. That was his life, as lonely as if entombed in a sealed, metal cell. Life was isolation. Life was an emergency, a slow motion emergency, at random suddenly jerking and spinning out of control sometimes. Life went on, and times changed – and always for the worse. Still, life went on. The toilet attendant simply did his job. He accepted things with appropriate misgivings. For relaxation, he drove his motorcar in heavy traffic, thinking of Mrs Withers, and blasting his horn at hazardous road users. He enjoyed the stop-start routine, and the things he had to do with changing gear constantly. Sometimes he absent-mindedly changed gear for no reason. In peak hours it takes longer to get anywhere, allowing him to daydream of evenings spent in tortured bliss. It was his meditation. Also in that way, he thought he saved fuel compared to driving at higher speed for the same amount of time on the open road. It made a difference to a man on a low income. Toilet attendants, as well as being a dying breed, also had low pay. They were short changed in gratitude too. For the most part the public ignored them. Yet were they not human? Did they not have dreams and hopes and problems too?

For Newhouse the big problem was his romantic interest in the one legged married woman, another man’s wife. She was his delight, but also the source of his torment. The big problem was Newhouse could not forget her husband. On the appointed day each week he scrubbed at his body with a nailbrush to drive away the toilet smell until his skin was raw. Promptly at the appropriate hour of the evening he visited her as arranged. Mrs Withers fed him a sumptuous, succulent meal with cooked vegetables and home made gravy, as well as lamb chops or handmade rissoles that she fried in dripping. As she placed the plate before him, his eyes shot from the wedding rings on her fingers to the food and back again, then to the food, and back to the rings again.

These visits and the meals she provided were his life’s only blessing. Those hours of bliss made the whole week endurable. He wondered if in the bed she could possibly be as wonderful to him as she was in his dreams, or in real life in her warm kitchen. And he cursed himself for lusting after her, another man’s wife. A deadman’s wife at that, no less. It was she that made him think of her in bed. She mentioned she was thinking of buying a new bed. That was all. An innocent word association, he tried to tell himself.

Newhouse loved going there. He glowed, sitting with Mrs Withers at the cloth-covered table in her kitchen, but he hated going into the dead man’s house. He tried to avoid even giving the bedroom door a furtive glance, in front of her husband. But it was always part open and the smell of clean linen wafted from the room’s mysterious depths. How could he know what, or who, lay in that room? He felt his body shrink as he meekly skulked along the morbid carpet runner, down the dingy hall, under the gaze of the photographic portrait of the ominous staring husband. The unmoving eyes followed Newhouse all the way along the hall. The portrait was him, Withers himself. It was a picture of the dead man, the face of the corpse of the husband that stalked him. Always having reached the safety of the kitchen Newhouse recomposed himself with difficulty, week after week. Often he settled down only when Mrs Withers patted him on the shoulder, or made a remark so sweet it would for days fuel his wild fantasies. And then, after he had feasted on the food and the sight of the widow alike, when his belly and other parts were swollen, he would again face the ordeal of the torturous hallway, the enticing jaws of the part-open bedroom doorway on one side and the unsmiling face glaring vengefully from above on the other. Accusing eyes followed him. Soft carpet silenced his footsteps. He felt like a man walking on air, and even worse sometimes, walking forwards but going backward. Despite the ordeal of this gauntlet he could not stay away from the delightful, soft-hearted woman.

They talked of many things. He talked about his work. He thought it a mistake to tell Mrs Withers he had nothing else to talk about, unless he talked about her. At work everyone said their jobs would be cut in any case - to help buy a fleet of silver, fully automated toilet facilities. The public toilets were a symbol of the past. Like all good things they were doomed. They would go the way of bus conductors, shoe makers and lift drivers. So too, the patterned wall tiles, the antique lead and copper plumbing, bronze taps and porcelain ware, the carved wood architraves, the exposed screwed conduits and stoneware ceiling roses, the ornate plaster cornices and the decorative wrought iron fixtures, all of which bespoke an era when manufacturers showed pride in their wares. He said these things were beautiful in their way. He described many details, including the tongue and groove cubicle doors, with official police department peepholes, to allow detection of homosexuals up to mischief. She said it was all very interesting and she stared at his face as though wanting to hear more. He felt proud.

Every week without hesitation he accepted the widow’s weekly invitation. She rewarded him with the best food he ever tasted, and whether or not she knew it, with more besides. For when she was not watching him avidly as he devoured the food laid on the table, he would stare without her knowledge at her ample bosom and fine buttocks and the glorious roundness of her generous belly. It was a marvel how good she got around on her wooden leg. He wondered if it was of wood, or something else. He wanted desperately to see the thing and he could not forgive himself for harbouring such a licentious and improper curiosity. Her style and grace impressed him. Her every move was an act of confidence, and competence. Newhouse assumed she had a wooden leg. He often wondered about it; but of course he was far too polite to ask, and she quite understandably never discussed it. Except for the slight lurching she did, as she moved to and fro, one would hardly know. And while he savoured the sight of her charms with a hunger, different to but stronger than that of his stomach, he noticed that she would smile to herself and blush. He wondered at such times what was she thinking? But never would he dare ask such an invasive question, so solid was his respect for her and whatever thoughts she might have.

They talked of other things. They spoke of what was on the news. Mrs Withers said the powers-that-be in the world stopped really important things from being reported. Newhouse totally agreed. People don’t want to hear about important things, he said. He was thinking in particular those people who showed no interest in his love problems, although he did not mention that to her. He shrugged sadly at the way the world was changing. Public toilets were a thing of the past, he reminded her. Once they were everywhere. They were in the parks, at the train station and here and there throughout the city. Once the toilet attendant was a common occupation, almost a profession, if the truth were known. A good man, or woman in the case of the female variety, would have the respect of their peers, as in any worthy trade. To do the job right required skill, knowledge and attention to detail, unlike many a managerial position that required of the applicant no more than a sense of general self-importance, and a manner of superiority. Bosses come and go, yet the work must go on, and of course, work goes on even when the bosses are not there – nobody notices when the boss is gone, however, should the toilets block up, everyone notices and they notice quickly and with a rapidly worsening concern. He said there was no respect for people or their welfare. He valued respect, he told Mrs Withers. She agreed respect was a very important thing.

Respect disabled Newhouse. He was ashamed of his own true nature. He was gripped by an urge to reveal his secret longing to the widow Withers, and his dread of the jealous husband. No chance - there was no way he could risk spoiling such a wonderful evening. With great care he would return to staring at his food and attending to the enjoyable task of eating it. However, much to his own surprise, on one of his visits after many years, after eating perhaps too much of her liquor soaked desert, he mustered the courage to ask of the sweet smelling one-legged widow a rapid series of veiled personal questions.

“Do you think a woman might ever one day kiss a man like me on the lips? Perhaps? Some day? Or night?”

He hoped she did not suspect he was talking about her. He felt suddenly as naked as a dunce, as she leaned toward him. She simply looked with friendly innocence and said, raising her eyebrows, “Where else do you think she might kiss you?”

Newhouse sank into despondency, mumbling under his breath. “I mean like they do in the movie films, I mean. I don’t know. I shouldn’t have said…..”

Much to Newhouse’s secret sadness, he could not remember in his life kissing a woman’s lips or a woman ever kissing him on the lips like in the movies. His second fear was he was a virgin, a greater mystery if less immediate challenge. One thing at a time, he told himself. Things may have happened in the past. He wished he knew, unless they were worse than nothing. There were many gaps in his memory from the time prior to his great illness, but could a man forget such a thing, if a woman kissed him on the lips like they do in the movie films? He did not include in his calculations a kiss on the cheek from some grandmother at a gathering. He wondered what the kind widow would do if he did kiss her, like in the movie films. Would he know how to do a kiss like that? Should he pounce her without warning? That would surely come to no good. Should he draw her to him with the boldness of a man with a moustache on the silver screen?  And how could he do either, when he was unable to do anything at all? Sometimes, as he stared at her without her knowledge - especially when she smiled and blushed for mysterious reasons - he felt like throwing himself at her feet and seizing her ankles with his strong arms, and suddenly in his mind finding his lips scrubbing hard on her juicy mouth. He wondered if she would be able to raise a leg like the women he witnessed in movies. And if she did, would she raise her wooden leg or the real one? But, what if she might scream and bite him? Or even worse she might never invite him for another meal. She was a mysterious woman. His romantic thoughts were stilled instantly whenever she mentioned her husband. And when she did, the thought of the dead man’s eyes in the hallway so weakened Newhouse he barely had strength to lift a spoonful of sugar to the steamy cup of tea the widow poured him.

“It’s good to see a man eat. You know how I look forward to making you this meal each week, Albert. It would be fun to do it more often.”

He was taken aback. She usually called him Mr Newhouse, for that was the name he liked to go by since he had been released from the crazy place, after his big sickness. He also felt too ashamed of his motives, to permit himself the luxury of such an intimacy as addressing her by her Christian name. Not under her husband’s roof. He incessantly steeled himself against such temptation. He was aware that by resisting the danger of improper conduct, he might never discover if he had the courage to do anything at all. But nothing should be done till he discovered how she felt. He knew that much. He also knew he would never find out how she felt, unless he asked her somehow. But to mention the subject at the wrong time, seemed an abuse of the good woman’s hospitality.

“My poor old husband had a wonderful appetite, rest his soul,” said the widow. “He had a hard job like you do too. Not one of those lazy bum-shiners in an office all day scratching their heads with a pencil. I really miss cooking for him, the dear old fellow he was, you know. And not just the cooking, either!”

The sudden rise in her voice almost interrupted his thoughts. His eyes detected the widow arch her eyebrows, which she often did when he felt most ill at ease. Newhouse wished she would never mention her dead husband. It made him feel jealous - and guilty at the same time, like an intruder or a thief. He thought it would be not a bad thing if somebody stole the portrait of the dead man and destroyed it. Maybe that would solve matters. But anywhere in all-the-wide-world, was there a criminal hard enough to withstand the withering watchfulness of those remorseless, accusing eyes?

“Are you with me?” the widow asked, raising her eyebrows even higher.

Not one to speak with his mouth full, but hoping to please her, Newhouse nodded enthusiastically in response to the widow’s enquiry.

“You don’t look like you’re with me,” she said with half a laugh.

If he had not been so afraid that gravy might drip from his mouth, Newhouse would have smiled. He would rather be nowhere else on earth than with her. Where was he - if not with her? All through the week between his visits, he felt himself inseparably bound to her. It was when he thought of her most that the corpse of Withers appeared lying there, staring with malevolence. The dead man could read his mind. Newhouse was sure of it. Perhaps even as he sat with the widow in the kitchen, the man in the hallway could read his mind through the wall. Newhouse desperately hoped not!

He leaned on a fence panting in the street when his visit was over. Too many liquored cherries, he thought. How could he resist? He returned home at snail’s pace, so his night with the widow would not be so soon over. Newhouse always slept well with a full belly. He was relieved, after surviving the double-edged ordeal of traversing the hallway between the widow’s front door and her kitchen.  Most other nights his sleep was repeatedly disturbed by the sound of the earth groaning and the noise of his mind banging against itself in the dark. His choice dreams were ambient with the rich saucy scents of the one-legged widow’s warm kitchen. More commonly he woke to his own screaming. When he woke he consoled himself by counting the days until he would again visit the kitchen of the one-legged widow’s kindness. But on the nights of his visits he collapsed on his mattress with a smile on his face, and one night he fell asleep listening to the strange sound of his own voice outside his brain, moaning, “Connie, Connie…”

Partway through the same workday the following week, the toilet attendant was disturbed amidst pleasant thoughts. He was daydreaming of his forthcoming visit that night to the widow’s kitchen. Delight made light work of his drudgery. Then gloom! Again it was there – the grey, flabby heap on the floor - the body. At least, thankfully there was no blood, and the routine hygiene inspection was not due for some hours. Perhaps if he ignored the thing it would go away before the inspector returned. Every minute or so, he looked to see if he was ignoring the thing well enough, only to be disappointed. However, time passed quickly and the corpse remained there on the cold tiles staring with unmoving eyes. Members of the public took no notice of the body on the floor. They ignored the corpse just as they ignored the toilet attendant himself cowered at his station behind a curtain.

With trepidation the attendant peeped from time to time from hiding behind the plastic screen. And every time he looked out, he saw it there, the blob-like form in shades of grey, clad in dark coat and trousers and dark shoes, with grey tones of flesh, silver-grey strands of hair, and a flat, expressionless face with staring eyes. Then unexpectedly - he arrived - the hygiene inspector. His eyes were watery and his face was red. He smelled of alcohol.

“What are you doing behind there?” the hygiene inspector asked.

The toilet attendant made a grimace and thrust his hand through the gap between the plastic curtains to point at the corpse.

The hygiene inspector raised his eyebrows.

“Back again, eh? The bastard of a thing."

Newhouse nodded sadly.

“Is it dead?”

Again the toilet attendant nodded.

“Do you know how it died?”

The toilet attendant shrugged.

“But it is bloody dead, I hope - like not a ghost or something, is it? We can’t have a haunted public toilet.”

The hygiene inspector looked around with sharp eyes and whispered.

“You sure it’s dead?”

The toilet attendant nodded.

“I wonder who the damn it is?” the hygiene inspector said.

The toilet attendant almost burst into tears as he nodded, and he stuttered with quivering lips.

“I-i-i-it…it…it’s…it’s…Withers. It’s h-her husband.”

“What the pissing hell?” the perplexed inspector muttered, looking around quickly, this way and that, almost slipping over. “Husband? Whose fucking husband?”

What was the point trying to explain? Even when the hygiene inspector began kicking the bucket and raving like a lunatic, Newhouse would not be provoked into speaking. Not a word. He flinched, but he did not speak. Not even when the inspector waved his finger under his nose and tapped him on the head more than once. Newhouse remained steadfast in utter silent rebellion, even in the face of the inspector’s threats.   When he arrived home after work that afternoon, Newhouse found a pastel envelope pushed under the door. Was it a dismissal notice from work? Had the inspector reported the husband’s body? His hand trembled as he lifted the envelope. It could only contain bad news. All things did. The envelope bore no stamp, just an intoxicating scent of perfume and the words Albert Newhouse. They were penned in fine copperplate script. He recognised the scent of Mrs Withers as he carefully tore open the flap. Inside was a card. The picture on the card was an old woman with her arms around a happy dog twice her size; you could wrap the old lady’s head in the dog’s huge tongue. The sentimental graphic made no impression on his manly impatience, as he hurried to see inside the card. Wild excitement pulsed through him at the words he read inside there. He rushed from one room to another, making a mess in the bathroom, tossing as many clothes on the floor as onto his body, lacing his shoes so badly they had to be done again, muttering to himself in growing agitation, but smiling all the while. And when he was almost ready he dashed from the house, leaving the door open. From the gate he rushed back to shut the door. He forgot to brush his hair and to zip up the fly of his trousers, in his haste.

The words the widow wrote were: I miss you. Please come any time - as soon as possible. We need to talk.

***

At the Withers’ house he reached the door. When he raised bent knuckles to knock, his blood went cold. The words any time had been underlined dramatically, but was this the right time? Had she summoned him to tell him bad news? Did she want him to come no more for a meal? Had she found somebody else? Had memory of her husband visited upon her and forbidden any further liaison? He cursed himself for not warning her about the corpse. Of course, he should have told her everything, so she could be prepared. Or was it something else? It had to be serious for such an urgent invitation. He stood with his fist suspended, unready yet to announce his arrival. He regretted not bringing the card so he could read it again and puzzle out it’s true meaning.

The door opened. Newhouse stood with his fist raised like the worker on a wartime communist poster. The familiar scent of welcome arose more strongly than ever but Newhouse smelled no food. That was unusual. Mrs Withers stood there with a bright red smile. In all the years, he had not seen her before wearing make up. She looked at his untidy hair and her smile grew wider, seeing his gaze wander, intent upon her. She was not dressed in her usual pretty kitchen clothes. She wore a shiny dark blue shift close fitting round the swells of her breasts and hips and belly. Dark stockings accentuated the fine shape of her legs. He was unable to tell which leg was the real one. Newhouse licked his dry lips. 

“Thank you for coming,” she said.

“Are you going out?” Newhouse said. “You’re all dressed up.”

“No,” she blushed. “Come in.”

He did so and shrank as always to the safe side of the hallway. He glanced timidly upward expecting to be met as usual by accusing eyes. He saw a large rectangular bright spot on the now bare wallpaper. The portrait was gone. Newhouse stared helplessly. Where was it lurking?

“I had it taken down when the new bed was delivered,” Mrs Withers said. “I know that picture always upset you. Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you stare at it every time you come. You’re even staring at it now when it’s gone. I’m sorry I didn’t take it down before. I would have taken it down long ago but it was too high for me. I didn’t want to ask you to do it because we always have so much fun together, don’t we?”

Newhouse hesitated. He wanted to ask where was the picture now. He tentatively took a step toward the kitchen, hoping the picture was not there propped in a chair waiting for him to go through the door.

“First I want to show you something.”

The widow pushed him into the bedroom. He resisted weakly and found himself drawn to a place he dreaded to tread, but so longed to enter. Thoughts of the missing picture of Mr Withers faded quickly as the dead man’s wife led him by the hand through the erotic portal.

“There it is,” she said, indicating a double bed smothered luxuriously under a pearl white cover and brightly embroidered cushions. “I told you I was planning to buy one.”

“Oh?” he said.

Mrs Withers sat on the bed, sinking deep into the covers and she bounced. She patted the bed beside her. When he did not move she cajoled him.

“Do try it,” she said. “Come on. Don’t be shy. Please. Just once. It feels lovely.”

He made no move until she begged him. When he sat beside her, facing the dressing table arrayed with sacred objects like a shrine, he saw her in the mirror as she rested her hand on his. He watched her reflection looking downward, stretching the pure arc at the back of her bare neck, while all the wrinkles gathered, fold upon fold under her chin, like the folds of a soft serve ice cream. In the mirror he saw his tangled grey hair a mess, revealing patches of baldness. He sagged inwardly at the thought of his inadequate preparations.

“You seem to have come prepared,” said Mrs Withers, noticing Newhouse’s unzipped fly.

He did not hear her speak. He was alarmed by something he saw on the dresser. There was a portrait of a man in a snapshot-sized framed photograph.  The man in the picture smiled grimly with disturbing, staring eyes. Newhouse knew who it was. It was he. The face in the photograph was his very own. It was the snapshot Mrs Withers took in the kitchen long ago, the only one of him in existence, as far as he knew. He wondered how it got there. He did not notice her hand sliding downward slowly, until his whole body quivered to her touch, like a man delivered of a shocking but painless electric current.

“I hope you don’t mind,” she said. “I’ve been waiting so long. I thought we would never get here. You are a slow one.”
 
He felt the emergence of a mysterious part of himself normally confined to his dreams. And then his life began, awkwardly at first, and then tumbling into madness. His mouth trembled as hers found his. Her tongue wet his lips and slid briefly into his mouth. When it was gone he felt robbed. She seized his hand and pressed it to her breast. The gust of her breath beat his face as his fingers wrapped round her breast and squeezed. It felt better than any dream.

“Do you like that?” she asked, as she began to undress his lower half.

“Oh, Mrs Withers,” he groaned.

“Don’t call me that,” she said. “My name is Connie. You know that. You have to be Albert and I have to be Connie for this to work. You understand that, Albert?”

“Yes, Connie,” he whispered. “Yes, Connie….”

He lay passively, panting heavy. He nodded and made an unrecognisable sound, quickly followed by an involuntary convulsion, leaving a mess on her dress. Aghast, he apologised with tears streaming from his eyes. Her efforts to rein in his contrition slowly gave him calm.

“Don’t be sorry,” she said. “It will get better….if you want it to.”

She eyed him carefully.

“Do you?”

“Do I what?”

She laughed, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have rushed you. Someone had to make the first move. You never would. Someone had to do something. I was silly. I wanted to make an impression on you. I guess I went a little overboard.”

She wiped at her dress with a lace-trimmed cloth while he lay panting on his back across the bed, wearing shoes and coat, with his pants around his knees.

“Well. You certainly made an impression on me,” she said, her face sinking out of his vision toward the epicentre of his recent convulsions.

That night Albert Newhouse discovered the difference between dreams and real life. He crossed the mighty gulf between life and being alive. There was no talk of food, no talk of eating. Finally there was no talk at all. Together they lay in the huge new bed upon crisp linen, under a cloud of bedclothes. He could not remember at what point she removed her artificial leg. All he knew was how hard she held onto him, that when he stroked the sensitive scars on her thigh stump he felt an intense thrill rise through her, from below her belly, up through her breasts, to the swollen bulbs of her nipples crushed against him, drawing smooth the wrinkles round her throat, as her head arched backward, then her hands clasped his head forcibly, her face rose to him and her two eyes turned to four as her lips grinded into his, and she drove her tongue deep into his mouth; and she began spurting where they were joined.

“Don’t worry,” she gasped for air, in response to his sudden panic. “That’s just how I cum.”

Albert was confused but he trusted her. If she did not care, neither did he. She had a right. He could not let her go anyway. After all, who had not pissed in their bed at some time? It wasn’t much and it would dry, as they do, he knew. She clung to him so fierce he lost his mind. He did not need his mind now - he thought of nothing. He was a man without thoughts, without worries, without problems. Even when he was soft and useless, Connie Withers continued to please him. She made a delicious meal of his leftovers. There was a saucy smell in the room that had not been there before. Every time he touched her he did not know what he was doing, but she seemed to want more of it, and so did he. He buried his face in the shaved shell of her armpit, breathing hard her perfume until she could take it no more and she squirmed free.

“That tickles,” she cried. “Oh, I’m so glad I asked you to come, Bertie.”

“Me too,” Albert said. “Thank you, Connie. This is a dream come true for me.”

“Even your voice sounds different now,” she cooed. “More relaxed, and confident. I like it. You know you are handsome in a strange way. Well, maybe not handsome, but you look okay, especially after you cum.”

Newhouse knew no such thing, but he did not care. Let them take it all away - job, house, and car and all the rest. It meant nothing. He cared only for this, and her. Let the portrait of Withers glare. Let the corpse reappear, and let it lie there, with its harmless accusing eyes staring. Invite the hygiene inspector, and the white coat. Let them all come. Let them watch. Let the world see this wonderful thing that happened to Albert Newhouse, the man they treated like a joke. Newhouse was certain there was no man in the world could be as happy as he was at that moment. Everything else meant nothing, compared to this. He felt as shiny as a polished glass mirror.

“I’m glad I came,” he said. “You are wonderful. You treat me nice. Your face gets more beautiful the longer I look at it. You are very beautiful.”

“Don’t be daft. I am not,” she laughed and then laughed more, raising the stump of her missing leg above the worry of bedclothes. “But I’m probably as good as you’re going to get. So, let’s make the best of it, don’t you think? It wasn’t so bad once we got started, was it? You’re pretty strong for your age. Been saving it up awhile?”

It was too good to be true, he thought. When he said so, she said she thought so too.

“I love you, Connie. You are the only woman in my life I have ever loved…” Newhouse solemnly confessed. “As far I can remember anyway….”

“Of course you love me, Bertie,” Connie Withers scoffed, absent-mindedly caressing her smoothness with slow curved strokes. “I know that. Why do you think I invited you? I’ve known how you felt a long time. I found it hard to believe at first, you know, with the age difference and my leg, but I’m not stupid. It shows on your face every time you look at me. I wasn’t sure if you knew. Or maybe you were put off by something.”

Connie glanced beside the bed at her artificial leg.

“Oh, I was,” Albert said, staring at the narrow white band of bare skin round her ring finger on her left hand, as it stroked smooth flesh near her thighs.

As Connie caressed herself, Albert turned his attention to the floor, wondering what would the man with the accusing eyes think now. He saw the bare carpet, and he laughed. All care was departed from his being.

“Call me Bertie again,” he whispered in a baby-like voice.




POOR BABY


Part one


Poor Baby, she always looked worried even when she was kidding round. She was laughing about something I said one night and she suddenly shot a scowl past me with sharp eyes in the direction of a huge white guy who just strode into the Bad Bangkok Girl bar.

The big white guy’s face was red. He was fuming. He looked evil in the smoky gloom with the crowd of local and foreign reprobates stepping back to allow him through. He approached three loud-mouthed, muscly yanks on bar stools and leaned close to the face of the tall black one. The yanks were military guys of some sort. They were too clean-cut to be much else than army guys, or cops or small time criminals of some sort.

The big red-faced guy was in the black guy’s face. The air between them overheated rapidly. I was intrigued. Every time the black yank lifted his arm trying to explain something the red-faced white guy smacked it aside and the white yanks clenched their fists ready to do something about it. The black guy was trying to face-down the big goon, but it looked more unlikely each time he opened his mouth. Coloured lights reflected on the big guy’s shaved pink head, as polished as a dance floor with scuff marks and his face glowed with rage.  I figured I would go to the bar though I didn’t need to. I would pretend I was there to simply get a drink.

I was curious what the fuss was about. As I rose to leave the table, Baby grabbed my arm to drag me back.

“Don’t worry,” I said. “I can take care of myself.”

In case I had to do just that, I slipped off my Rolex and handed it to her. That’s how much I trusted her. I reached the bar, and ordered the idiot name of a fancy cocktail to give me time to eavesdrop on the argument. I let myself get close but not enough to be obvious.

Without another word the bald white giant chopped the black guy across the bridge of his nose, using the edge of his hand like a tomahawk, then with the heel of his hand he crunched upward, under the guy’s nose, trying to drive the broken bone back up into his brain, I guessed. The black guy dropped as though someone chopped off his legs. It was nice work and happened in a flash. I stepped back then, as the two white guys leaped at the bald maniac and he decked them both one punch each with either hand. The clean-cut toughs landed maybe three punches between them before they went down, and they seemed to have no effect.

The big brute kicked his first victim in the vicinity of the vas deferna and glared round to see if there were more takers. Then looking disappointed there were none, he briskly thundered out of the joint. Until sometime later, when things went haywire, I never saw the bald red-faced thug again and I had no regrets. He stared at me as he brushed by on his way out of the bar. I smiled to show I meant no harm and I was impressed. He looked at me like I was dog-shit.

“That guy scares me,” Baby said when I returned to the table with one of those crap cocktails that chicks like Baby go for, and she shook herself. “He is one of Mr Ya Ba’s boys.”

I would have not known Mr Ya Ba from Adam. But I heard about him. You weren’t in my line of business if you hadn’t. It was like talking about the Devil, or the King. You knew they existed by reputation that’s all, like when Baby mentioned Mr Ya Ba, she said: He is very the most baddest man.”

It was round that time Baby introduced me to The Croat, an entirely different story. The Croat was real, larger-than-life. He called himself a freelance security consultant, and he winked. I knew he might mean many things, bodyguard, spy, kidnapper, smuggler, hit-man, terrorist assassin or a dozen other epithets. Whatever he was hinting at I believed him, he certainly had the look. That’s why I asked no questions. You could tell looking at him he was dangerous. Basically there are three types of people. The first type are more interesting the more you get to know them; and the second type grow less interesting; while the third type are not the slightest bit interesting at all. The Croat fell into the first category. I found him a load of fun. I respected him I guess. It makes me laugh now. Baby said: He is a very bad man. But I didn’t listen.

I told her she seemed to know every bad man in Bangkok city. I asked her was that how come she came to be with me?

Poor Baby! She said I was different. How wrong she was. She said she loved me. I don‘t know if I loved her. Maybe not, but I was crazy about her. She was no baby, that’s for sure. She was dynamite in the cot and she cut a nice figure out of it. She looked great even lying drunk on the floor.

On occasion when I told her to, she would dance for me in any of the bars. I didn’t dance. I liked to watch. She was so horny even wearing clothes I simply sat back and enjoyed it. At times I would sit with legs wide apart and she would dance between my knees, not touching me at all till I put my foot up onto her little round belly and softly push her away because I could stand no more. And she loved to know it. She was sinuous, hypnotic, magnetic and shameless. Her body would shake all over while she writhed. She was sensational. I got a kick out of watching guys gawk at her. Half the fun was the way other girls couldn’t take their eyes off her too. When Baby danced the world stood and watched. Lady boys would point her out and talk among themselves. I was sure they studied her moves to copy, but they wouldn’t be able. She was just too good. The music if it was gutsy melted her into motion. Whatever dump of a place we were in became a sensual temple while she danced. She was a strange, powerful little woman in every other way as well, with as much going on between her ears as between her legs. All things come at a price. I knew that. I was glad to pay. You always end up paying for it somehow… Go ask any married guy.

I called her Baby like I called all of them Baby… as far back as I remember. I must have picked up the habit from watching movies. It saves problems. That’s why God created pronouns, and words like Darling and Baby and Sweetheart. Her real name sounded like a random jumble of Scrabble pellets. Some Thai names are like that same as the Welsh and Ceylonese. Maybe they are all related. It amazed me she could remember her name; she couldn’t remember the words to a simple tune on the radio and get it right. She was always making a farce of some song. Out of time and out of tune, it was hard to recognise the songs were actually even in English, let alone what damn words she was singing… even when I knew them. A lot of the time she must have sung in her own language for all I knew.

Her crazy accent did not help. She mostly sang when she was flipped out anyway. And to tell the truth, when I was out of it I didn’t listen closely. I was always on the scam, reflecting on one thing, brooding over another, like some deal going down and looking for something better. At best of times I worried what might turn bad that I should look out for. Shit was always going wrong… that’s what shit does, I knew as well as anyone. At the back of my mind were the rumours I’d recently heard.

It goes without saying there were certain unhappy people I was hiding from, not just the Australian authorities. And no better place to hide than a teeming big foreign city bursting at the seams in every nook and cranny. Enter Bangkok! Certain people would have very much liked to see me dead if they had the chance - a few months before I met the Croat I learned someone was hired to make my enemies’ dreams come true. And not some punk it was said, but a hard operator. I was able to discover no more than that. Ever since then I remained wary, almost paranoid at times. I kept on the move and trusted no one. All these problems had to do with past mistakes and errors of judgement.

Baby helped take my mind off these worries. The first time I told her she was beautiful, she shrugged and she said she had nothing better to do. She was a mixed up kid. When she laughed her face might look truly crazy. I was nuts over her, whatever kind of mess she was in. I would have liked the look of her even if I was blind.

But a night of unforeseen madness was soon to change all that. Came party time in the slaughterhouse my world was whipped from under my feet. The Croat left town leaving me to do him a favour and it all went wrong. I survived the knife-fight, but the next morning naked ladies were dancing for me on the other side of the glass with my head buried in hourglass sand. Had I gone to sleep at a Beatles concert? Or did I wake in the midst of some historical episode of ethnic cleansing? I did not know what all the screaming was about. My mind was talking in a foreign language. It may have been English for all I know. 
That morning after the night of madness I opened my eyes to daylight leaking through the balcony window. Dull as it was, the outside glare coming in bleached the sight out of my eyeballs. Of course, Baby was gone! After the excitement the night before with all the blood and screaming I could hardly blame her. I wished I was gone too.

I snarled anyway “You little bitch.”

I thought I was awake but soon realised I was still half dreaming. I woke to the stink of something I could not remember eating. I searched for my wallet. I gave up and twisted my wrist to see the time, but my $10,000 Rolex, a sign of better times, it was gone too. A cheap enough one sure by some standards, but like very few things in life it was no fake. I checked the wall clock. It was dead. I remembered it that way when we checked into the room. Nailed to the wall the crucified clock was a decorative touch, to improve the class of the room. Sad to say it did! The thing gave me the creeps. It clung to the wall like time standing still, watching me.

That’s the state my life was in, going down the third time. I was desperate, almost broke. I had been asleep for twenty years. That was obvious when I looked in the mirror. In that interlude my face and body faded to milky grey with patches round my eyes and over my heart. My soul was darkened by deep shadows.  That’s why you should not take drugs. It turns life into a series of movie trailers.

And quite frankly, you should also not kill people. It inevitably leads to complications. Despite my head throbbing like it was split with an axe and repaired with rusty bent nails… despite occasional urges to violently throw up… wracked with sickening paranoia… I felt better than I looked. That was no recommendation, I felt like Hell…

I recalled the knife fight. We only had the one knife between us. It was during the struggle trying to share the blade – here you have it… no, no, I insist… be my guest… you first… don’t be silly… my hand went wet and he suddenly screamed in my ear. The sound came from deep inside of him as I ripped his gizzard open.

It had to be him or me in the end. We both deserved it. I had the knife in my hand but no way did I intend to join him bleeding all over the floor. My burst eardrum was bad enough. Maybe I deserved a knife in the guts as much as he did, but stab myself, forget it. He didn’t stab himself. I was not going to stab myself either. And, it was too late to revise events, simple as that.

Baby was laughing the whole time during the struggle for the knife, and she didn’t stop when it was over. I felt like slapping her, not only for laughing but she started the trouble. She introduced me to the Croat and he got us in this mess. In fact she was hysterical and I had to slap her hard, making her face red with a big splat of the young guy’s blood, that made her worse, then I did it again until she came to her senses.

Her face hurt my hand. When she stopped laughing she screamed in my face, long and deafening, then again, with wild, brown eyes fierce in the dark of the deserted building, screaming so hard and loud I thought I would need to stab her too, to shut her up before she had the whole of Bangkok city police force… and the volunteer fire brigade in their crazy little red trucks (and who knows who else) breaking down the door. But it wasn’t necessary. She suddenly stopped screaming and in terror she grabbed my hand and dragged me downstairs and out through the back of that derelict wreck of a building. We fled downstairs out of a horror movie. Some steps were missing and a few that were in place collapsed underfoot as we stumbled downstairs. Dust in the air and darkness gave the impression the place was caving in round us. It was too dark to even be sure it wasn’t. The dingy alley out back seemed almost daylight compared to the building we escaped now behind us. Baby’s fingernails dug into my flesh as she hauled me through a maze of stinking hovels, smoky darkness, crowded alleys, screeching TVs and old folk who stared like two minutes after we were out of sight they would not remember we had been there.

The bloody knife went Shplop… into the filthy, stinking canal.

The remainder of the day that followed I slept, broke and broken-hearted with my double-crosser Baby gone, I drained the remainders from various bottles round the room, intermittently wrestling with my conscience and wondering who I might rob to get out of the country. My gut filled with apprehension and anxiety. I subdued my worries with left-over vodka, gin, whisky, rum, and the almost-undrinkable local black spirit with the red-label decorated with a snarling tiger. Bottles rolled round the floor. I was bothered a lot. It was no small thing to kill a man even if at the time it made sense. The only thing to give me peace was I knew I had no choice at the time. The bastard deserved to die as much as any of us.

When the smell of darkness filled the night after the knife fight I rose and chose clothes from those on the floor. I threw them aside on the bed when I realised more urgent matters pressed, before I could dress. I washed the blood from my hands and face and neck. I spewed and on top of it pissed so foul I could not breathe awhile. It stunk worse than the shit that followed, and that was bad enough. When I farted I sensed paint peeling off the walls. Though I was trembling in a sweat I showered under warm water. I was not strong enough to take the cold. I shot on clothes and checked the pockets. All I found was a damn toothpick and a crushed foil sachet containing a condom of all things. I gathered every coin lying round the place, probably 20 buck’s worth of baht, and to my astonishment I found my false passport on the floor by the door where Baby must have chucked it as an afterthought when she bolted with everything I had of value - wallet, watch, laptop, cell phone and $5,000 bucks worth of Burmese smack the Croat had given me. At least she was thoughtful enough to leave the passport, a pack of government monopoly cigarettes and a plastic zip-bag containing papers and a few heads of Buddha grass. After all, she did say she loved me. She might be a lying, thieving whore, but she was not a thoughtless bitch! And like she said, what else did she have to do but be what she was?  It’s not like choosing which faculty to join at Oxford down on Thanon Khao San.

In the evening I ventured out into the bright-lit, racy, raging night feeling sticky and sore. I almost threw up again when I hit the street. Stale hot air smacked me in the face with the clattering roar and stink of Siamese city heat. Bright lights, big city… daylight was less bright than night time in this shady burg. The best thing about the real world, you can always rely on it to be there, that’s about all. The same goes for Bangkok, like every big city. I lit a cigarette and checked the headlines of an English-language newspaper…. some bullshit about nothing. I paid the lady on the newsstand with a few almost valueless coins and took the newspaper. The woman accepted the coins without sparing me a look and she counted them slowly, deliberately just to piss me off. It worked immediately, especially the way she smiled to herself. I ignored pedestrians trying to squeeze along the sidewalk where it narrowed on account of the magazine displays. The newspaper woman seemed to disapprove of me though she only knew me by sight. I normally ignored her, the way she glared anytime I occasionally strolled by with Baby hanging off my arm. I think she simply did not like my type. The old girl was part of the scenery to me, merely one of 20 million souls all none of my concern.

If she thought I was a sex tourist she was wrong. For the time being I was nothing, going nowhere; she would have seen that if she looked at me.

Smoke got in my eyes, with a smell of spiced meat sizzling on a street-hawkers grill. The newspaper pages flapped in the warm breeze as I turned them slowly. People and dimwit tourists hedged by me frozen to the spot by a bold inner-page headline that read Victim Discovered in Condemned Building. Shit! I read and reread the lead paragraph, while the paper-lady on her stool behind the stall ignored me with a snide half-smile. I hate it when they do that.

Reading the whole article I learned nothing new. Of course they were searching for the murder weapon and calling for information from the public. The coppers said they were interested in speaking to an unidentified foreigner they suspected of involvement. I thought, from what I read I was probably in the clear. Though of course, you cannot rely on everything you read, as I later found out, when I arrived back to my room after throwing up in the gutter outside the hotel.

Outside in the street, Thai onlookers were highly amused I think, according to the laughter I heard as I clung to my knees and heaved up my guts. Maybe they were disgusted by the spectacle. I would have been if it wasn’t me. When I finished I bowed to the small crowd that gathered to watch. They muttered among themselves in a gaggle under the mildewed awning below the balcony of my upstairs room. There was no applause.

The girl on reception ignored me as I made my way weak on my feet through the hotel foyer. The smell of the place made me queasy. The stairs swayed gently. I slammed open the door of my room, alongside number 12. The number on my door was 14.  There is no number 13 - just 10, 11, 12, 14 and 15. I am not superstitious, maybe I should have been. Drunk and exhausted I fumbled in my habitual paranoia to lock the door behind me and then double-checked twice it was secure.

Was all this happening to me because of my bad karma? Bah! Karma is just another word to me. If I believed in angels, devils, gods and words I might have been a different guy. I flopped onto my bed chucking the newspaper at the floor. Then as merciful sleep descended, my guts leapt at the sudden sharp report of a huge fist clubbing on the door. I knew it had something to do with the dead guy. Bang! Bang! Bang! Like a volley of gunshots the door jolted on its hinges. I leaped from the bed in a panic… I fled out onto the balcony…

There is a wise old saying: When you hear a loud knock on your door in a foreign country, don’t open the door, jump out the window and run. The guy who said that was obviously not in a second floor hotel room. I pictured myself bouncing on the canvas awning and leaping down from there to the pavement below, but I didn’t. I hit the street two floors down, not as gracefully as I hoped, instead plummeting through mid-air straight through the canvas.

Smack, Tear, Graunch, Crash!!!

I hit the street with such an almighty ripping whack I was knocked unconscious. Actually I remember going through the hotel awning first. It hit me like a canvas left jab before the cement upper-cut.

I was interviewed by the cops much later, in a small room adjoining the hospital emergency ward with my ankle being imprisoned in a plaster cast from the toes to the top of my calf. The doctor said I was highly fortunate I crashed onto the canvas overhang before I hit the concrete. It broke my fall. It also broke my ankle. They found part of the canvas embedded in a gash the size of a post-box slot in my leg.

Before the doctors would let the cops have me I was forced to endure more screaming. This time it was my own. Prior to the plasterwork the gash in my leg was sewed by two nurses who should have been working as sweatshop slaves in a backstreet jeans factory. My screaming reminded me of the screaming I heard the night before. My screaming in the hospital would have won a bronze medal in the screaming Olympics. The guy the night of the knife-fight with six-inches of steel serrating his gut should definitely have taken gold! His screams won by the length of the straight… and silver? Well Baby takes second place for her performance when she lost her marbles.

When the knife first went into the guy’s gut that was the loudest scream I ever heard. Of course his mouth was almost in my ear. The second loudest screaming as I said was Baby freaking out when she saw the guy lying in the dark there with blood spurting out of him. My scream in the hospital ran a miserable third. It was loud enough though to shake walls. The nurses smiled secretively to each other at my carry-on, as if my pain was really not so bad. Not compared to a crocodile bite, maybe. One nurse covered her mouth with rubber-gloved fingers to hide her smile. Luckily for her she tried to hide it. I would have happily smacked it off her face, how I was feeling. I wanted to throw them both out of a second floor window to see how they liked it.

The pair of cops seemed in a hurry by the time they got to me. They found it tough to believe my story. The tall plainclothes guy did the talking. The uniform guy with a hat bigger than his head simply glared with polite police impatience, the kind that prefers to do their head-kicking in private. The plainclothes told me his name and flashed his bling of office, an identity badge the size of a war medal. It impressed me enough to instantly forget his name. Both cops shook their heads as I explained.

“I was feeling light-headed and went out for some fresh air. I was leaning on the edge of the balcony when the sudden burst of banging on the door startled me, and as I quickly turned I suddenly lost balance… my hand somehow slipped on the rail and I went zip… over the edge…”

“Extremely fortunate when you jumped that you did not land on the pedestrians. You might have killed someone. Or perhaps…”

“I did not jump… I fell.”

“That is very difficult to believe,” said the talkative cop with a royal grin. “Were you on drugs at all, old boy?  Had you been drinking? I simply am interested to know.”

 “Thanks a lot for your sympathy,” I said. “Of course I was on drugs and drinking, like for the past forty years…”

He raised girlie eyebrows, with a wide gap between them above his nose.

I feel a manlier look is the solid, single line of hair, straight across the brow like mine. Mono-brow some call it, as though it is some deformity although that is pure jealousy.

The yappy cop bullshitted the while he inspected my false passport. I tried to take it from him but he drew it beyond my reach. He asked half a dozen questions about the killing in the condemned building. I told him I did not know what he was talking about. He was one of those tall pale Thai guys, not the genuine, long-time underfed, thick-boned, short peasant type with splayed toes from generations of barefoot yakka; that was the stock from whence Baby came. Only she was of the petite, cat-eyed, big tits and caramel-angel variety. She had a cute little round belly. She hated her belly she said. It came from having her baby she said. Her eyes wetted. With a smile she said she had not seen the child in ten years. Then she laughed.

When she laughed her shoulders shook. Much else did too. And she laughed with plentiful girly gusto. She laughed till she ran out of breath and sucked in with a strange vacuum-pump gagging gurgle. Not very ladylike; I never quite worked out that sound… that’s the first thing about her got me hooked. But this tall Thai detective on the other hand looked like royalty fallen down to earth. His skin was three times whiter than Baby and twice as white as mine, and he loved exaggerating his crisp textbook English. The skinny sucker raised his puny eyebrows again. I figured him an upper-class closet lady boy. Of course that may be my prejudice.

“Forty years? Hm-m-m. According to your passport, Mr Novark… you are only thirty-five years old….”

Obviously the guy was a mathematical genius as well as a sarcastic prick. I looked ten or twenty years older than thirty-five on a good day. Now I felt more like my dead grandfather than myself. Maybe the cop could not tell. Foreigners all look the same. The pale pretty boy seemed impressed with something. I had no idea what, other than perhaps his own glorious self-importance, a common quality among the officer-class in all countries.

“I drink fast,” I said.

Coppers give me the shits. Everybody gives me the shits, actually. Nonetheless, I wasn’t making any fast getaway with that plaster gumboot on my foot. And my stitches were biting me, irrespective of the painkillers. So I smiled. Plus I had a megaton of bruising on my arse-bone and all down one side that required four shots of whatever they stuck in me to dull the throbbing. They only gave me two shots, the bastards. I just hoped it was not truth-serum whatever it was. I had a shit-load of things to keep quiet about.

In the end the cops gave up, they had nothing on me at all. I wished I had known that to start with. I would not have jumped off the balcony. But lucky I did in a way, as it turned out.

I did not realise how lucky I was until the tuk-tuk guy dropped me off at my hotel. Mr Tuk-Tuk  watched morosely as I counted out what I owed him to the exact baht. I was not accustomed to do that. It felt dishonest to not sling him a tip. But you need to have money to throw it around. The guy stared at the fare in his hand and then at me sourly, he asked for a tip as he assisted me from the three wheeled open taxi and I knew it was useless to expect him to have pity on my painful plight, even with my plastic bag of pills rattling in their packs, and my plaster and crutches.

So I told him, “Go see Mr Thaksin. He’s got more money than I have.”

Thaksin, the pale-faced billionaire ex-Prime Minister had not long ago skipped the country swanning overseas on the run from a two-year prison sentence for corruption, leaving his young sister in his place as head of the country. That was one thing we had in common, Mr Thaksin and I…. two fugitives. He would have admired me for the ten year stretch I was dodging, plus more to come my way if the Feds ever got their hands on me again back home.

The tuk-tuk jockey was not appeased; he rattled off something under his breath. Frankly I was glad to not understand what he said. At the hotel entrance I looked toward the sky through the canvas awning shredded above my head. A broken metal rib dangled loose in the middle. When I hobbled past the desk in the foyer, the terrified staff with eyes on my crutches said while I was at the hospital a mob of thugs came hunting me. The receptionist desperately wanted me to check-out and leave immediately. The knuckles of her tiny clenched hands glowed white, and the two young hotel guys furiously nodded their heads.

I complained I had already paid for the room. The receptionist eagerly shoved money across the counter toward me. The money she said was double-checked. Her hand was shaky. She grabbed my hand to force me to take it. I felt sweat on her palms. The money would come in handy, but I still needed somewhere to stay. I jerked my empty hand from her clutches. I was in no mood to hunt accommodation like some penniless, crippled refugee seeking asylum. I needed to think how to get out of this mess. And to think I first needed rest, much rest. I unscrewed the plastic container of painkillers and threw a couple down my neck to show I was in agony. The capsules caught in my dry throat till I forced them down with repeated violent swallows. My brain was exhausted, my body battered, my guts sour as one of the black canals of Bangkok itself. And if troublemakers of any kind were after me, the last place I wanted to be was hopping down the street, trying to get away on one leg. I refused to take the money. I returned to my room with immense difficulty, up three banks of stairs on crutches. The hotel lads followed me with their unceasing chatter.

I felt stitches one by one under the plaster ripping flesh with every step. I got up the last steps with my last skerrick of strength only to be hit by shock. Three brands of sweat were pissing out of me from the heat and the effort and the pain. Holy mother-humping bleeding arse of dead Jesus!!! The door was dangling from the jamb by one hinge. The bed was upside down like it was raping the mattress with the rest of the furniture gangbanging each other on top of it. A chair was dangling half out the broken window where it had been thrown. The room was totalled! My expensive travel case, a memento of better times, was kicked to ruins and everything I had ripped to bits and flung about like a cyclone had struck the place.

“Maruktachachi,” or something like that one young hotel guy whispered fearfully, “Big falang!”

The other young guy nodded furiously, adding further information, “…very dangerous… (a fluent garble of Thai lingo was followed ominously by single words in English)…. criminals… gangsters…”

The kid held up two fingers stiff as a pistol-barrel in front of his face to make an unmistakable visual aid as he said, “Men with guns!”

Even my little dope bag was ripped open on the floor and the buds ground into the carpet by some big shod foot. A big flatfoot, I wondered.  Cops have guns - criminals have guns; only honest people walk around defenceless. In one of the main city precincts the top cops were facing trial for renting their weapons to criminal gangs to commit armed robberies. Of course the hotel flunkies would be too afraid to admit cops had wrecked my stuff, if that was the case. I didn’t trust any of them. But why would cops wreck my stuff? Every cop I ever met would be too lazy.

But why would anyone do this to me? I had a sneaky suspicion it had to do with the night of madness. I smiled despite my pain, recalling how narrowly I had cheated death that night. I noticed one of the young hotel guys looking in horror at my foot where blood was coming out of the toe of the plaster. The reason I smiled is it all seemed funny in a perverse way, I was lucky to not be on a slab in the morgue, and the bloodstained rug made me shake my head thinking how good luck so easily turns to shit. You gotta laugh. My laughter grew pretty loud too, I guess, before it burst like a thundercloud into a downpour of tears, helpless tears of hopelessness. I leaned on the crutches and began shaking all over, wretchedly. I think it must have been the painkillers doing weird things. I felt absolutely shattered. I was aware of small details, like the spit trickling from my mouth and lonely little puppy noises coming from me. I felt a hand on my shoulder, soft as a girl’s touch. It was one of the young guys. I saw the less-young chap go to the smashed window. He wrenched the chair loose of the jagged glass. I was eased onto the chair, with gentle hands assisting, but I refused to let go my crutches when the boys tried to take them. Whatever they said to me I wasn’t aware, but their soft voices sounded kind. They were only trying to help. It did not matter, without crutches I would be totally useless, with them I was no better. My mind felt encased in a skull of softened plaster. I was thinking what to do, who to turn to and before I knew what was what the hotel lads had fetched a plastic beaker of water, and I heard many heavy footsteps behind us… The water and beaker went flying, the skinny younger hotel guy followed like he was a weightless astronaut in orbit, flung across the room, smacking against the wall. I had no idea what happened to the second young guy but I knew straight away what was going on. However, my grasp of the situation lasted only seconds. There was more than one guy belonging to the footsteps. But the only one I saw was bald and big and ugly with a red face I had seen once before beating up three guys in a bar… and again he looked at me like I was dog-shit. Without a word he laid his boot like a sledgehammer into my plaster cast and a bolt of lightning struck me...

When I came to, I thought I was dreaming…

I was in some dumb-arse Hollywood action movie with my hands tied, being slapped around by a huge sadistic goon in a deserted warehouse. The giant bastard was wearing my Rolex. And there was Baby just lying there on the floor nearby. What a mess, mostly naked but not in a good way, the sight of her ripped my heart from my chest and shoved it down my throat. It choked me with a flood of emotions, dreadful horrified pity, distress and a shockwave of fear. Like any self-respecting tough guy I did not talk. My mouth was too busy being slapped from side to side. But it was no movie. And it was certainly not a dream…

Whack! I copped one that turned my head toward the unnerving sight of Baby’s motionless body. Then with a clash of heavy meat on bone and a flash of gold Rolex my face was propelled to the opposite extreme. Shlonk! I guess they put me to sleep. Then I woke again in agony. This time, I knew I was in deeper trouble than ever. The plaster cast was broken, my throbbing balls swelled. My head felt like I was fresh out of ECT. I was covered in puke with a burning taste in my throat, and I was trussed with rope like a defenceless crab in the goddamn fish market waiting to be dismembered alive. My guts flinched and kicked…

There was no sense fighting. Sloppy shit moaned out of me. It was the lowest point in my life until then.

The red-faced beast snarled at me, “You dirty pig…. He’s pooped himself…”


Part two


All these bad things happened thanks to Baby, poor little happy-to-please Baby. She introduced me to the crazy Croatian in the first place long before I fell into my current predicament. Even though it was obvious the Croat knew her better than I did, neither of them said anything about any special relationship. I liked him a lot. He had a jolly, but hard face with enough scarring to hint of a turbulent past, but no major disfigurement. He had a rascally grin and a slight mono-brow that warmed me to him. The old mystery man and adventurer had a thousand unbelievable stories. I loved to hear them. He favoured tales of betrayal and vengeance. And he laughed at them loudest when the outcome rested on the rat-cunning of his own inventive machinations.

He said, “The more complicated it gets better I like it.”

I appreciated the Croat’s uncouth company and his blunt, uncompromising authenticity. It was a bit of a kick just to be in his presence. I knew I was sure to learn something from him along the way.

He laughed, “What I love best is when I set things up so some wise-arse sucker does my dirty work for me when I am nowhere to be found, and neither party has a clue I am the one behind it all. Divide and conquer, conquer and divide, that’s the cat’s Meow!”

Sometimes it was not even the stories it was the way he told them. He didn’t give a hoot if you believed him or not. He gave a hoot about nothing. He didn’t spend money, it bled from him like syrup out of a cut artery… like mush at feeding time in the zoo. He was generous. I never needed to pay for anything when he was around. For me it was convenient, since I was near skint and he did not mind picking up the bill. Beggars, waitresses, waiters, pimps and punks, friendly girls, laughing lady boys… drinks for everybody… he only met me ten minutes but because I was with Baby I guessed, he treated me like a long lost brother. I had a bruised shoulder; sometimes he backslapped with so much affection it was almost brutal.

“Do you like her?” he asked like a protective Uncle looking out for Baby’s interest.

To him everything was an act. He did not really care about Baby she was part of the entertainment to him, that was all. Me too, I guess. He stared at her like I was not there sometimes. At times he shot her secret glances of utter hatred. I wondered about that. I saw him looking at me the same way a couple of times and I should have been more dubious maybe, but it caught me by surprise and if he noticed my concern he would crack into a huge guffaw and slap my back so hard I would forget about it as he called for more drinks and leaned close to begin one his outrageous stories that immediately seized my total attention. As for his Concerned Uncle act, I was not fooled at all! Like anybody else, the Croat looked out only for himself, but he was fun.

He often said, “All of life is a stage… half comedy, half tragedy… and nine parts total bullshit!”

The Croat was the star of his own movie. For the time being I enjoyed a lead supporting role. He was always pleased to see me. He delighted in sharing confidences. They got worse as time went on. He had a terrible childhood, or a horrendous one, depending which version I was hearing. His sex life was an orgiastic three-act opera, according to him. His advice was simple, make them beg for it! It does not matter what, just make them beg!

He said, “Like John F Kennedy, I am not satisfied with a woman until I’ve had her in all three ways. And even then I’m not finished till she is quivering all over and praying to me - like I’m a God - for it to end! Ask Tootsie…”

He flicked a finger Baby’s way. With that he would roar laughing and the every head in the bar would turn in our direction, no matter how loud the music was playing. And he loved it. Always the same table in the dark corner of the same bar… When he got really drunk he sometimes clunked the shooter he carried on the table, and stared at the waiters with a sadistic grin, daring them to say a thing. They never did. The weapon was late model top of the range, a status symbol if ever there was one, a Business Class ticket to Smithereens! You wouldn’t want to see the wrong end of one of those things. That was part of the reason the Croat was always given the best table in the place, as far out of the way as could be managed. Only later he told me he owned the joint anyway, although he said his name never appeared on any official documents.

He sometimes acted like he owned Baby too, like when he asked me, “Do you like her?”

His voice had a tone of veiled accusation. The way he looked at her I took as a sign of appreciation and I felt easy about it, maybe proud even. At the same time he spoke with the air of a dealer who was in a position to provide a piece of merchandise should it be to your taste.

“Sure,” I said. “Of course I like her. I wouldn’t have her with me if I didn’t. Baby’s a nice kid, aren’t you?”

I slung my arm over her bare shoulder. She felt as nice as she looked; a too uncommon thing in a tarted-up world. She didn’t know how to be any other way. She smiled with her mouth, tapping the table with long painted nails, nursing a gin sling, staring with her usual bored, half-shut glazed eyes. That was her normal look that time of night. The Croat seemed to appreciate the effort I made trying to impress him. But I don’t think he was ever impressed.

“Do you trust her?”

“Yeah… Why not…” I said, not wanting to offend either of them.

The Croat roared like it was the funniest thing he ever heard.

“I never trust anyone or anything any time, not for any reason,” he shouted, “Not whether it’s got wheels, or wires, or it’s printed on paper… and especially not anything what’s got a hole in its arse, unless it’s dead!”

After maybe a month of this close association the Croat introduced me to Mr Ya Ba, a slimy, shady character. The Croat introduced me as his partner – he was always kidding round - I wondered what that was about, at the same time it was flattering. Mr Ya Ba showed he was impressed with a smile, part leer and part smirk. I was distracted by the strange smell of him. He was impeccably dressed. He seemed he would feel more at ease in a twin-set than his trimly-tailored shiny light suit. The tight smooth skin on his face resembled natural latex and seemed of artificial origin. The hairs of his moustache could be counted. His hands were crippled with gold rings. He had several gold teeth and when he smiled I felt I was being admired by a vampire. His red gums reminded me of some animal’s mouth after chewing on the flesh of a fresh kill.

Mr Ya Ba Dabadoo-oo-oo, the Croat called the immaculate little Thai gangster, and they both laughed at the joke. I didn’t get it, until the Croat explained…

“You never-seen the funny cartoon? Fred the Flintstone? You know… Yabadabadoo-oo!”

Mr Ya Ba seemed to think it funny too. That was the one and only time I ever saw him, despite his unseen presence during the rubbish that later happened when I was kidnapped and interrogated in some basement.

One night not long after meeting Mr Ya Ba, the Croat gave me the Burmese smack. It was no big deal for him, a small gift for me doing him a little favour. All I needed do was to deliver a package to an address he gave me and hand it over to intermediaries. The Croat said he would have done it himself except he had an urgent flight to catch. The gift of smack seemed just his normal generosity, a small favour for a mere errand.

“This will make it worth your while,” he said. “Do this right and you’ll be my best one ever.”

I barely had time to wonder exactly what he meant by his second remark, as he slid the nice pack of Burmese shit across the table. Then he followed it with the other, the package I was to deliver. It was the size and weight I imagined of maybe a million bucks of Yank money… or if in Thai baht a few hundred thousand. The Croat was nuts to trust me if he could read my mind, but I enjoyed the compliment.

He said the loot was on its way to end up in the hands to a very important man, so I should make sure nothing went wrong. It would look bad, the Croat whispered in my ear.

“Take her with you,” he said, flicking a finger Baby’s way.

He tickled her under the chin and teased her with a Meowing sound. Baby grimaced and flinched away. I wondered if the idea of Baby tagging along with me was the Croat’s way to keep an eye on me. She looked kind of worried. But she usually did look worried whenever the Croat was anywhere near us. They had some scene in the past but I was not surprised. That was her territory.

“She might come in handy,” said the Croat. “The prick you deliver the package to can hardly speak English, she can interpret if it’s necessary. Plus she knows the guy… so it’ll be sweet.”

Baby looked even more worried. I figured the set-up was dodgy, but I was up for it. Dodgy trips were my territory. I had been in tight spots in the years since I left Special Air Services. I was trained to look after myself. It came as second nature. If there was any trouble I would deal with it. I was grateful for the chance to do the Croat a favour. He had been generous to me. And now he was putting trust in me. It felt great to be able to return the favour.

The Croat gave his usual devil-may-care smile and slapped my shoulder.

“You’re a real white man,” he laughed, “I really like you Novark. Don’t forget that. There’s only one thing I can’t forgive you for. That’s you stealing the kid… Ha-ha ha…. Everything else, it’s just business.”

He flicked a finger Baby’s way without looking at her. He was looking at me. I thought I glimpsed a flicker of hatred in his eye. But that was a hard-man habit of his I had gotten used to. Then it was gone. I never figured him for the jealous type. He seemed to never be truly serious. It was mere part of his outward show. I let it slide.

The Croat laughed when I joked, “You can have her.”

And Baby shot me the strangest hurt look.

I felt a bit weak, so I patted her bare thigh and laughed, “Come on, Baby, you know I don’t mean it.”

And she showed me her perfect teeth. You could not mistake that look for a smile. What made her so snooty was a mystery to me. If she suddenly decided to go off with the Croat, or any other guy I had no right to do a thing. I didn’t own her.

As the Croat shook my hand for the last time, I noticed what I thought a glimmer of regret in his eye. He told me he would miss me. He squeezed my hand longer than necessary and drew me toward him so his breath beat on my face. I made great effort to breathe normally.

“I mean it,” he said sincerely. “I like you. You’re a true pal…. maybe too true for your own good.”

His last comment puzzled me, but I took it for a compliment. Next day, the Croat disappeared, and I delivered the package to a place in a deserted street, me being the reliable, trustworthy type, a true pal. Like the Croat suggested, Baby tagged along. She was against being involved at all, but I promised her a treat. We had to step our way through piles of smelly refuse, really rank composting rubbish in bags, plastic containers and rotting cardboard cartons, the kind that would repel a rat, behind a rickety corrugated-iron barricade held together by concert posters and such and graffiti. I gingerly stumbled over the rotting corpse of a large dog half in and half out of a torn garbage bag to enter the ghost-like hulk of a multi-storey ruin, upstairs to an old jeweller’s workshop where every surface lay grey with years of dust and grime and cobwebs, up the dingiest stairway I ever saw, in the most rundown building on earth. The place stunk of decomposing time, dead dust and mildew. Baby tried to cling to my arm and I brushed her off. I needed both hands to save myself if the place fell down or something jumped out of the darkness to bite me. Every few steps she would stumble with her stupid high heels and I made her take them off and go barefoot. She argued and resisted in terror but I made her do it.

I regretted bringing her. She was a damn nuisance whining and frantically brushing off cobwebs like they were alive and kicking her toe in the dark and complaining. I told her it was better than falling over her stupid shoes and breaking her neck. She was pissed off she said because bare feet made her look too short. She was right about that. When she was in bare feet I often rested my elbow on her head to tease her.

Her concern was comical at the time and I laughed, “No one is going to see you here, except the ghosts.”

That was a mistake. She clung to my arm after that and I could not prise free. Her fingers dug in and she was shaking shit-scared, terrified of ghosts. I did not know if it was a Buddhist thing, lady-like timidity or plain old superstition. At the top of the stairs three dark shadows loomed – the intermediaries were waiting where darkness broke into semi-dark. Morbid shafts of moonlight filtered through broken tiles high above. The three guys stood with legs spread ready for action. I was bigger than the three of them together. Baby had to let me go then, for me to step up on the landing among the three guys to hand over the package. The leader of the three had the prim look of superiority, the other two were imitation pimps. They looked armed. I wished I was but I acted unconcerned. I was merely delivering a package I thought. Another big mistake!

When the little front-man pulled the knife on me in that dark room I didn’t need to think.

Well, in retrospect, you don’t need to be a genius to guess it was a set-up. The package I delivered was supposed to contain more than a million bucks apparently. It turned out to be a wad of cardboard cut in bits. The guy’s eyes lit up like red lasers. At first, the way he growled with whopping white teeth I thought he was going to bite me. The two puny punks moved around menacingly but no closer; dressed like pop stars, they probably couldn’t see much in the darkness from behind their dark glasses.

My knees bent and my body twisted in reflex as the lead guy menaced me with the blade thrust, like the bad guy in a Michael Jackson music video. Baby squealed as I hit her with one forearm knocking her out of the way as the knife went Swoosh and I chopped upward with the other elbow. Bone on bone connected close to the prick’s wrist sending the knife flying from his grip. I was glad there were only three of the mongrels. The other two near trampled each other in their panic to get away as I went for them. They disappeared in the dark like frightened kids. I could have had them if I wanted but I was more concerned about the knife, and lucky I was.

The mad skinny guy scrambled on hands and feet across the floor in his tight suit like a spider in the dark, and he had the knife in his hand again waving it between us like a magic wand. The knife seemed bigger than the guy holding it as it slashed the air near the tip of my nose. The blade was only six inches or so… it looked twelve. Two inches longer it would have sliced my face like a ripe mango.

The thing in dealing with an amateur is to not under-estimate the threat. I treated him like he was ten times the fighter he turned out to be, and by the time I realised how puny he was, I’d kneed his balls half up to his tits and ripped the knife from his grasp and he was screaming in my ear, as the blade for the second time sank up to the hilt in the feeble sucker’s guts.

What a terrible gurgling howl. I hate it when things go wrong like that. It’s like your brain and arsehole instantly swap jobs; and when they changed places again, I looked down at the unfortunate guy. Only then I realised what I did. He was moving in that way you see cockroaches do after they’ve been half squashed, he was squeaking like some insect too, but not for long. He gave a little shudder and froze among shafts of moonlight filtering down from above. The whole time Baby was staring down at the guy and vibrating with laughter like a mad woman giving birth to a dead pig. I could relate to that. I felt like a million dollars floating down a sewer.

Looking back it reminded me of a story the Croat told me of his jam  in old-time Madrid. Some jerk from Marseille double-crossed a bunch of bad Egyptians and the Croat was in the middle of it, like twenty years ago or something. The Croat now was a fat guy but he was big where it mattered, like heavy shoulders, big chunky jaw and club-like fists. He was probably more than a handful in the old days I figured. The Egyptians who kidnapped him were famous for sodomising their victims before they executed them. It was their thing. It was their signature tune if you like… the Croat chuckled again and again, describing the strange bent bastards and their reputation. They were part of some weird ancient sect steeped in military and criminal history. The same guys run the country today, said the Croat. This story the Croat recounted in a transport of deliriously delighted reminiscence. Two guys held the Croat by the arms, extended and twisted, forcing his elbows to bend the wrong way with his shoulders almost dislocated, doubled over forward, while the main guy among them grabbed him by the hair tugging his face upward in the opposite direction.

The Croat laughed, “I could hardly breathe... I was in agony, and this pig he’s telling me what they’re going to do to me… and he starts kissing my face, Man. And he’s love-talking to me in Egyptian or something, and his breath stinks rotten, like the slop bucket in a blowjob joint, and the guys twisting my arms almost ripping them out of their sockets are laughing and saying they’re going to do this and that… then he’s kissing me on the lips…”

The Croat looks toward Baby as he’s talking and starts miming kisses in mid-air toward her, with big succulent kissy sounds. She screws her face like she’s sick… and me and the Croat laugh and toast to the World of good moments, and we down slugs of whisky as the bright lights splash on his bloated red face as he chuckles madly and music thumps in the air like a broadcast migraine…

“Then the pig sticks his fat tongue in my mouth like he’s licking out some dame, Man! It was the worst thing I ever tasted, like a live bloody furry lump of…”

For once, the Croat was lost for words, as he seemed to relive the moment. His gaze glazed, in the manner of a shark sliding shut its protective eye membrane when about to attack…

“My teeth chomped down on the bastard’s tongue. Damn him! Man! That flesh tore like a stringy sausage... kind of melting in my mouth… so much blood. As he screamed… arg-gh-gh-h-h-h… like nothing you ever heard and he stumbles away grabbing his face, I kicked my feet up behind me and I span heels over head in the air… because those sons of bitches were twisting my arms they sort of twirled me over, you know, and my arms screwed loose of the bastards’ grip as my feet hit the ground… you know what I mean…”

I nodded, I could picture it clearly, a classic Errol Flynn getaway. The Croat’s wild hand gestures and facial expressions added to his graphic tale of havoc and mayhem.

“When I spat out that guy’s tongue I felt ten feet tall. I felt so good. I grabbed the bastard and ripped his throat with my fingers, like a bear… and I grabbed the gat from his hand and finished off the other two fuckers like a pair of pigeons. One guy had his gun out… he’s first cab off the rank, then the other wanker was trying to pull his out in a panic, getting nowhere fast… What’s the point having it in your pocket, for Christ sake, like a cigarette lighter? Ha-ha… Didn’t I have fun with that cocksucker, listening to him crying and begging!!! Shit, Man I felt good. It gave me a hard-on. And then I stomped on the tongueless bastard’s face till he didn’t look like nothing. Ha!”

The Croat sat in self-satisfied smiling silence. And I nodded, genuinely impressed.

But the night of madness in the derelict building when I stabbed the fool to death in the deserted workshop, I didn’t feel so good.


Part three


Little did I know how much worse I was soon to feel… with Baby ripping me off… and the fall from my balcony… the ordeal at the hospital… the wreck of my hotel room… the Monster kicking my injured foot… losing consciousness… coming to in some dump with the gigantic red-mugged white beast wearing my Rolex and slapping my face for joy, telling me to start talking or I would end up like “that fucking stupid bitch!” And Baby lying over there while this went on, sprawled innocently on the floor, mashed like you don’t want to know. Poor Baby!

“She wouldn’t talk,” the bald brute with the red face snarled.

Then he grinned.

“I’m glad!”

He belted my face one way then the other…

“She was a lot of fun.”

From the state she looked, I was grateful she was dead. Maybe I was on my way to join her, with my wrists bound with plastic twine and a leather belt tight round my neck. A fist pressed hard against the back of my head as it gripped the belt tight…

“Now tell us what you know about Jan Blanko.”

I choked to get out one word, “Who?”

I knew he was talking about the Croat though I did not know him by that name. The Croat never told me his real name, he only said, “Call me Peter if you need to be formal. Everybody just calls me the Croat.”

My face snapped sideways with another backhander. The pain dulled to general agony. It was getting tedious. The monotonous big bastard was too stupid to be anything but tough; he repeatedly glanced over my shoulder as though looking for approval. Questions spat at me without making an impression.

“You’re his partner! Start talking!”

I wasn’t even sure the Croat was Croatian. That’s how little I knew. He could have as easily been Serbian or Siberian. I longed to see him again. I would kick his guts inside-out when I got the chance, for getting me in this fix. I wondered if he had planned it this way from the start, for some reason, but meanwhile…

Smack! Smack! Smack!

“Don’t be so stupid. Start talking,” said the huge bald monster with hands the weight of a Clydesdale’s hoof.

“You got nothing to gain by being a big hero.”

I blinked between blows, unable to move my head, trying to think fast, unable to focus. If I knew anything I would have spilled my guts. The Croat got me in this mess, and I owed him a big return favour. If I knew anything to hurt him I would be glad to use it. I hated the dog. I could not figure him out. I was not too happy with Baby either, but that was a different thing. Anyway she had more than paid for her sins. What could I say? I knew nothing. I did not see anything I could make up to say to help fix this mess. The darkness beyond the blinding light smelled of cooking not far away. Of course, just like in the movies my face burned from the light blazing into my eyes. There was a dull sound of traffic from above. I sensed other bodies, live ones, behind me. I heard them shuffle, a mutter, a laugh, and I tried to concentrate on these things, as Smack, Whack, Thump… the interview continued. I worked out from the voices at least two others were watching. There were no movie cameras to be seen, but there should have been. The red-faced white heavy took a rest to wipe blood from the back of his hands. A Thai guy with a cigarette took over and I thought, Oh, N-o-o-o! Man! Not the eyeballs…

Like an angel from Heaven, he stubbed the burning butt out on my forehead. Thank God! And he slapped me for a time, while the big white brute shot questions.

“Where’s the merchandise? Don’t act smart, you dumb lump of shit. Smack! We found some of it on your girlfriend. That’s chickenfeed! Where’s the rest?”

He shoved the Thai guy aside…

Smack! Whack!

A faint milky odour attracted my attention.

“Ask the dog what happened to my money!”

The voice I recognised. It was Mr Ya Ba, I was positive it was him though he remained out of sight.

“Where’s the million bucks?!!!” the huge white bastard snarled with his red face sweating on me.

I sucked my tongue for saliva to spit at him, but I had none - only blood. I was too weakened to even spit that. Maybe just as well. And I thought to call out Yabadabadoo-oo-oo! Or maybe just tell them all to go to Hell. Instead, the belt tightened round my throat, choking my last breath… then it eased but only a little.

I somehow gasped, “Honestly… I know… nothing… about nothing… the Croat has just used… me for a…”

Smack! Smack! Crunch!

Only the belt throttling me held my head upright.

“Screw him! Let’s see what he’s got to say tomorrow.”

The interview ended… suddenly.

Shlonk!!!

I dreamed of Baby beside me… caramel flesh melting onto my face… her deep purple lips and nipples… teeth sinking into the flesh of my neck, arms tighter and tighter around me… We were in some sort of uneasy Heaven… I was scared to be with her, for some worrisome but mysterious reason… I tried to speak to her but I coughed, choking on blood in my throat, waking in Hell…

The dark I woke in was black as doom. At first I could see nothing. Thirst burned in my throat, with my arms tied, my face against greasy cold concrete stinking of stale piss and who knows what, gradually finding vague shapes in the semi-dark by virtue of a little light coming through cracks above and below the door, with my ankle throbbing and stitches stinging inside the crushed plaster cast on my broken leg. My balls ached.  My jaw sagged on shattered hinges, with the bones of my face held by bruised flesh. My head rang and buzzed and hissed with static. My face rested on vomited muck; finally I could hold back no more and I let go, more shit in my pants. It was the least of my problems, and it smelled better than the place I was.

Like my trousers my head was swollen with shit, like obviously the Croat had ripped off a million bucks and maybe more, depending on the story behind the “merchandise”. Mr Ya Ba was understandably pissed off. He saw me as the Croat’s partner. I figured this was the way the Croat planned it and… I wondered if he was  the one I heard rumours of… the one sent months ago to take care of me.

More immediately, I wondered where the Hell was I now. What was going down? I figured my condition not the best way to find out. The situation required radical change. I was afraid of meeting the big-headed monster in Round Two. The thing is, no matter the jam you are in there is always something you can do to change it. I wormed my way across the cold floor with arms bound tight behind my back, reaching the door I tried to spy through the gap beneath it, but I could see only dull light and nothing else. The rope cut into my deadened arms, blocking blood circulation. So too did the plastic ties binding my wrists. Twice the concrete smacked the side of my head, mashing my ear, as I tried to rise. Each time, with no arms to brace myself, and only one leg good to use, I slipped. Then I half-made it onto a knee, with the plastered leg outstretched. Waves of pain made me tremble. Using my head on the basin ledge for purchase I lifted my weight upward and balanced onto my good foot. In the dark I could vaguely make out the shape of my face and the look of carved, oil-stained soap.

Life has a sense of a humour. She likes a good laugh… Close to the dark glass a dark third eye on the vague shadow of my forehead was the blur of a blackened cigarette burn. I smashed my head at the mirror. Shatters scattered, with a clatter falling into the basin and bits onto the floor. Edge bits still clung to the brick wall. Blood dribbled from the dent in my head. I listened with breath held in calculated terror for footsteps. They did not come. All I heard was heartbeats throbbing in my head.

I seized with my teeth the biggest sharp jag I could locate, and it cut my lips. Balancing the shard shaped like a miniature sabre on the basin, I twisted my body till behind my back my fingers reached the fragment. Bracing the shard on the flat of the porcelain I wriggled the bindings along the sharp glass edge till the strands of plastic-tie frayed and slowly separated and pulled apart with the force of my wrists. I spat out tiny bits of glass and blood, and worked with my hands on the rope round me, gradually making it tighten… then, slightly free soon, loose enough for blood to flow through my arms… and then an elbow loose enough to force the coils upward, and a loop to work over my shoulder, and another. I wriggled my arms and dragged the rope in a bundle over my head. It was a pleasure to be free at last, in the gloom and stench around me.

I lay the rope down carefully. I must admit I momentarily considered using it to escape. But the thought of hanging myself was a frivolous option, not my style. I searched my surroundings by touch and the poor light that came through gaps above and below the door. With almost useless eyes and better-seeing fingers, I searched, racked with agony and trembling in a slimy sweat, my crippled foot afire. I located several large cockroaches that ran for their lives, a bricked-up window, a cubicle and clutters of useless rubbish littering the floor, pipework, sharp projections from the rendered wall, a kind of light fitting overhead I could barely reach. Not much else. The metal door I found locked beyond budging. Looking round revealed variety among the shadows but I discerned nothing of benefit. The apparently black-painted window revealed no light. It was jammed mercilessly, immovably shut. I scratched at the paint with my fingernails but no light came from without. I felt about in the dark in my blindness and panic. I located a light switch on the wall. Click! Click! Nothing! Damn! The throbbing in my leg and the burning sensation I ignored, along with the weight of the squishing mess in my jocks. In the light fitting above I felt no globe. Looking upward I almost lost my balance at first, and then consciousness. There was no way out up there.

Ah, the black-painted window… I put my fist through it, smashing against the brickwork of a wall immediately behind. The black glass gashed my knuckles and fell with more clatter. Again I listened through the drumming of my heartbeats… for footsteps. Again none came.

I hoped they would come.

When they did, I would need a weapon. The plaster cast was a constant impediment. It was shattered in places, biting into my leg where it was kicked in half. Firstly, I needed to access a weapon… I reefed the porcelain basin with brackets attached loose from the wall. In the dark nothing was easy. Nothing ever is. The mounting brackets came off easily, but the water pipes and drainpipe were the hardest. I didn’t give a damn about the noise anymore and I screamed and cried and used all my violence.

The pipes soon busted at rusty couplings where they joined, and water trickled from one length of dangling water-pipe unsaddled from the wall. That was handy. I sucked stagnant water from the pipe with a sour taste of cold rust soup. It made me thirstier. I broke off a good metre of half-inch water-pipe handy for use as a spear. Then I heard an unseen door slam not far away… I raised the spear and hopped toward the door in the dark, listening with ringing ears…

I heard nothing but my heart thumping, my ears ringing, wet rust trickled down my arm from the broken pipe. Then footsteps and the distant sound of a door again… I waited till I grew a cramp in my stomach and my leg throbbed worse. The wound under the plaster burned. Damn it! I guessed whoever I heard was gone. I lowered my weapon, leaning it on the wall within reach and broke away the plaster cast. There was much blood I could smell. I saw its darkness now my eyes were keened. Under my fingertips the stitches felt in place. Their burning sensation clearly came from the top two sutures. The nurses had sewn them too tight by mistake, or for fun maybe. Using a jag of broken glass I sawed the stitches loose and the wound yawned open a fraction, and it bled more. My throbbing ankle I felt swollen as big as a knee, but without the plaster boot I could put a little weight on it, which was handy to help me move about… almost screaming as I felt chalky bone grind with every soft step. I figured also I did not need the load in my pants either. I got rid of my soiled underpants and used the trickle of rust from the pipe to wash myself a little clean.

Come on!  Bring it on. Start the party! I was impatient. Let the circus begin! I figured I was ready as I would ever be. Then I wondered what if I was left there to starve and rot; to what I might anchor the rope for my only opportune getaway. I decided to not wait and see. I would go through the wall. It was either escape by osmosis, or to break a hole through. I began to hack at the wall beside the door, using the lump of water-pipe. My intention was to somehow loosen the whole doorframe and burst out. With the headway I made in a half-hour I realised it might take a day or more, so I rested, then I set to work again.

Again, I froze, hearing once more that unseen door and funny little footsteps. I guess maybe a woman, or a small man. It would be folly to under-estimate either. I froze with the water-pipe poised to swing. The toilet door rattled and then opened. As the sudden flood of glare blinded me, I saw the shape of a fat old woman. As she leaned forward through the door to peer in I grabbed her by the shoulder. Before I could smash out her brains instantly, I felt her go limp and she fell in a faint to the floor. I spied round the doorway into the adjoining room.

There was no one. The doorway opposite was closed. I half hopped and partly hobbled out, latching the toilet door behind me, locking the unconscious old woman in there. She was lucky, even if she did not know how near she came to having her head stoved in.

I located no better weapon than the short blunt hollow spear I had. But an end-roll of cloth in the corner had a round wood spindle. I commandeered it for a makeshift crutch. Freed of the material round it the spindle marginally improved my mobility. My eyes worked constantly like radar… blipping on and off as I adjusted to the light after how many hours of darkness I could not guess. I could feel my sphincter pulsing as I processed the information surrounding me. My brain sat back poised for attack. The moment was precarious I sensed, but in what way, I had no power to presume. My ear at the door detected voices and stifled giggles, kind of sleepy, young men maybe, well-bored. Maybe there were two, maybe four, hard to tell. A chair scraped, a floorboard squeaked.

The mere sounds of an outside world whet my appetite. I faintly smelled cigarette smoke. There were no windows in this room where still I was trapped, but the lighting showed signs of recent use, though what use was unclear, a bunch of plastic chairs was scattered round a table bare but for an old telephone. The table was clean, the fluorescent tube above like a new one, dirty marks round the door latch and light switch had a fresh look… the smooth concrete floor was not dusty. In a corner a stack of empty cardboard cartons obscured an indecipherable plastic signboard in Thai script. A cupboard attached head-high on the wall contained no knife, no fork, clean cups and a teapot, spoons and two bowls. No use. On a sideboard under the high cupboard sat a plastic ashtray that contained dozens of butts. But the telephone tempted me. Should I pick it up and try to reach a number for help. I had no way to know what number to call in this city. Who and what might be on the end of the line I dared not imagine.

I needed to piss, and it hurt. I left a good mark with traces of blood on the wall. I flicked off the light switch. That way, whoever might enter would at least for a moment be at a disadvantage in the dark. Then the old girl locked behind the other door started screaming… Chwy! Chwy! Chwy! Yackety-yackety-yack...

I had been careless… I should have solved the problem when I had the chance. I underestimated her potential. The old girl had strong lungs. I had a vague idea what she was yelling, but I had no time to silence her immediately. I lay my wood spindle on the floor, over a meter from the doorway, beyond the door’s swinging arc, waiting for someone to burst in. I hoped the spindle would trip up whoever might rush into the room, if they happened to tread on it. If more than one came rushing in it might give me an extra moment. I licked my lips with hankering.

Then…

Whoomp!

The door banged open, and in the light from beyond at least two figures appeared. It was too quick for me, the first one got by, I swung down my lump of pipe on the head of the second rushing in, with a foul crack the body propelled forward as the first went under him tumbling backside down, skating backward. The second intruder crashed over the first as a third rushed in close behind. The third collided into the guy in front, presenting instantaneously an almost stationary target for my second blow.

My reflexes were superb. The second blow quickly followed the first. It was simply a case of Woopsidoo! Thump! Clunk! Woah-h-h! Kachunk!

The bit I felt sorry doing was attending to the first poor sucker under the other two. He had been helpful to my cause tripping up the others, and he seemed to pose no danger. I ensured that remained the case.

Crunch!!!

I peeped out the doorway ready for more, with my pipe poised… Or, ready maybe for a big Boom!!! And a big hole in the middle of my face! Whatever…

The coast was clear. I saw three white plastic chairs and a stairway leading down. One plastic chair lay on its side. Two cigarettes smouldered among a mess of ash and butts on the deck. The dull sound of music rose from somewhere below. I retrieved my spindle and kissed it. I patted down the three boobies. One had a small pistol stuffed down the back of his belt. It was cheap junk… a deadly toy, but only a toy… probably less dangerous in truth than my lump of pipe. Nonetheless I checked it was loaded and cocked for use. If nothing else, I could use it to scare somebody. The shoddy magazine held four cartridges, and it fitted loosely like it did not really belong to its attachment. There was nothing of any real use to me in their pockets. Money, cigarettes and lighters, a few keys and a disposable syringe I tossed aside. The muffled squawking of the old woman locked in the other room faded.

I wasted a thought for the lads with their battered heads as I chain-smoked a few cigarettes on the landing, collecting my thoughts far from my brain and staring down the stairs... At the same time I tried to control my breathing and rest a spell like a man ravaged with damage from head to toe, breathing fiercely, blood smashing in waves inside my skull… my lungs and heart jostling for space inside their shared cage of ribs. I felt a twinge of regret for the poor young punk soldiers, who now were accounted among the World’s many sorrows ever-collected in the Great Library of prisons and graveyards, where they lay broken on the floor in the room behind me. I was smarter than them, I hoped.

Locked in the toilet beyond the room where the three young men lay brutally battered, the mad old woman was either catching her breath or listening to the kerfuffle I guess. After a lull she began again to continue calling out, Chwy! Chwy! Jabberjabberjabber….. Oo-oo-oo-oo!

Unwittingly, she too had helped me. For that reason, and for the sake of not wasting precious time, I did not go shut her up. With a final quick look at the three unstirring young losers, I let the door close behind me. I ventured down the stairs, pipe in my right hand, pistol in the other and spindle under my arm, using the wall for support on the side of my bad leg. I noticed fresh bloody footprints on the steps behind me on top of smears of dried blood no doubt from when I was dragged upstairs unconscious after my interrogation. The sound of westernised Asiatic-musak from below grew a little louder until I could no longer hear the old woman above.

With teeth grit edging down the stairs I reached the next landing and I froze between two doors, one either side. I enjoyed a dull aroma of cooking that my empty stomach sensed before my nose did. It made me shudder, thinking of the time before when I was aware of the smell of food coming from somewhere and the sound of traffic above, when I sat under the bright light getting my face slapped round like a speedball. I tried to recall every detail for a clue to establish my bearings, at the same time I became vaguely aware of a distant hum that reminded me as much of machinery as distant traffic overshadowed by the music I could hear from behind the door to my right. My attention focused…

Ahead of me lay more dark stairs descending. I figured it was down there somewhere I took a thumping. The bare wooden steps were smeared further downward with here and there a streak of dried blood as far as I could see into the gloom. The smears continued up the stairs I had just descended. It was not worth thinking about.

The silent door alongside me was marked WC with large, baby-shit-yellow letters painted on a frosted-glass panel. I braced myself steady, ready to check if the toilet was occupied, and to deal with that, and ready at the same time should the other door open behind me. Coiled tight, worried in case they might both suddenly open, I rested the spindle upright against the wall, since I had only two hands when I needed three or four. I quickly checked the WC. It was unoccupied. What worried me more than anything was I heard nothing from behind the other door still… just dull music and a gentle ominous symphony of hum and whirr. I could not be sure the sound was not merely ringing in my ears.

I was trapped between two stairways and two doorways, determined to be free if it killed me.


Part four


I coaxed my breath to settle, emptying my mind, slowly winding tight the steel spring in my guts, resting my weight on my good leg. Without looking I reached to touch the spindle, to ensure it was where it was. Yet again I checked the junk pistol was loaded, cocked and ready for action as best I could without firing the thing. But you can never depend on shoddy tools to do a job. I slipped it into the waistband of my pants. I patted it hopefully.

The pipe in my hand I gripped with greater confidence. I wiped my free hand to gently ease the doorknob, ready for whatever… glancing up the stairwell one last time to ensure there were no surprises coming down. I could be certain the poor boys were badly damaged or dead, and that was a shame. Maybe they were as innocent as I was… victims… guilty only of being used… like poor Baby… she was nothing, she did not deserve what they did to her. Poor Baby… I felt bad, but I didn’t have time to philosophise. The element of surprise is a powerful weapon. I don’t like it. It has a habit by definition, of unexpectedly going off in your face.

Accordingly, the door to my left suddenly whipped open without a sound of warning.

Maybe there was a sound I should have heard, but it was too late... Twang! The coiled spring inside me launched, instinct seized the moment and I found my hand gripping a girl by the neck, silencing her mid-squeal as she appeared in the doorway, a young kid I probably would not consider a woman even. Her feet left the floor and she dropped a cardboard tray of takeaway coffees as I dragged her in through the doorway and shoved the door almost closed. Hot coffee burned my bare foot, as she gagged; I could barely hold her when she struggled but strength came from somewhere, she weighed nothing, just a kid and I flung her in a clatter of bones down the stairs. She bounced a few times on the way down and I guess hit the bottom in the dark with no further sound. It was no time for niceties. I was not to know what alarm her cry or the commotion may have triggered. I could see nothing through the partly open doorway to concern me. Empty tables and chairs of a restaurant in the gloom of dingy daylight… there was someone out there in the restaurant as romantic music played. I heard lazily clattering utensils, and sizzling. Now as I listened intently the murmur of electric motors and fans grew louder as I clutched the trashy shooter in my left hand, and the weighty pipe in the other ready to hack down anyone or anything that got in my way. My heart skipped in heavy boots. I limped barefoot through the door, dragging my bad foot, prepared to pull the trigger of the junk pistol, expecting as much it to explode in my hand as that it might click without firing. My weapon of choice was the pipe. I was confident of its lethal accuracy over a range of at least three metres, more than I was of the poor young punk’s pistol.

I felt buoyant as I bumped the door softly with my shoulder and I limped badly through without a crutch to support me, my body side-on to minimise myself as a target. My ankle crunched with each step and bolts of pain shot up to my knee, and my guts knotted guts tighter. The pain helped clear my mind. In truth I barely felt a thing with the forced calm I required, to deal with whatever I encountered. If someone shot at me, like as many as five shots are liable to totally miss a calmly approaching target. The first shot invariably misses unless it is a lucky shot. With each miss most amateurs become rattled till they have no aim at all, and many shake so bad they scatter their shots as though shooting from the back of a bicycle bouncing along cobblestones. My biggest three fears were that I might need to pull the trigger of the junk pistol, that I might be attacked by somebody who knew what they were doing, but most of all that my ankle would disintegrate before I reached the doorway to the street that loomed outside beyond the curtained windows across the restaurant floor ahead of me. If I made it to the street I knew exactly where I was going. It was not the first time I had thrown such badly loaded dice; the only question was how would they land this time?

I heard a laugh under my breath, here we go again! Away from the window to the dark side of the restaurant behind a counter an old man waved a wooden spoon at me and started yelling. He was dressed in greasy white. Naturally I understood nothing he screamed. And it did not matter. Maybe five or ten tables lay between me and the doorway. A clock above the door suggested it was just before lunch or midnight. Daylight breaking through the partly-drawn, smoke-stained drapes suggested it was the former. Nothing made any difference. Not the time, not the pain, nor where I was, not poor Baby, not the poor dead soldiers upstairs, not the back-stabbing Croat, not Ya Ba and his crew, not the three middle-aged Thai men sitting with wide open mouths to one side of the restaurant with cups of tea spilled on the tablecloth between them, not the old man waving a wooden spoon and shouting at me from the kitchen area, not nothing, not the King of Siam, nor the thousand crooked families who lord over the great corruption, not nothing, it was just me and my hysterical psyche, and my ankle crumbling like honeycomb with every step.

The fact is no matter how tight the jam you’re in there is always something you can do. It might be useless, it might fail, it might worsen the situation, but always there is something you can do. It made no difference I was involved only through some crazy mistake that had nothing to do with me and made no sense. That did not bother me as much as my certainty that if milky-faced Ya Ba and his nasty henchmen got their hands on me again it was sure to be not nice. The best place for me was out of here right now and far away, for time to think and arrange something, not to mention my need for medical attention. I pictured myself in a soft bed surrounded by thick walls in the relative safety of secure, respectable, civilised surroundings with food in my belly. I might even be looked after. In any case I was desperate enough to jump from the frying pan into the fire, my decision was made and I was almost there. I held the junk pistol out with arm extended, first toward the three faces who sat with gaping mouths, then like the turret of a tank turning toward the old man who ceased screaming and stopped waving his wooden spoon. Like a genius in the art of combat he ducked out of sight behind an ostentatious red and gold religious shrine. With each pace I leaned on a table top with my right hand clutching the water-pipe. I limped more determinedly with every step closer to the door to the street. I heard an electric click at the doorway. The damn door shook and rattled as I jerked it by the handle. It was jammed shut. Some bastard had triggered an automatic lock.  As I pounded on the door with my length of pipe the glass cracked slightly, and I heard a shout behind me and over my shoulder I saw a guy the size of a Sumo wrestler without a shirt rushing along behind the counter toward the front of the restaurant. For all I knew he had no pants either. His torso and arms were smothered in what looked like war tattoos. I thumped the pipe again on the door glass, and it fell away in a burst of diamond-like shatters. The tattooed guy leapt the counter as graceful as a horse climbing a fence. He knocked flying the religious shrine, with its tiny God figures and incense and crap, as I simultaneously flung the metre-length of water-pipe spinning end over end in his direction. I’m not the greatest shot but I’m not the worst. The poor jerk was too close to miss even as he leapt from the counter in mid-air. I heard an almighty crash, like a chandelier of flesh landing crash-bang onto set tables behind me. I didn’t stick about to admire my handiwork, but I would have loved to have seen it. Instead I tossed the pistol over my shoulder for good luck - I did not want some stray cop in the street blowing out my brains at the sight of me with that piece of junk hardware - and I limped through the shattered doorway into broad daylight where a warm tropical breeze chilled my face, and the glare of daylight made vague the vicinity crowded with horrified faces gawking, mouths agape and eyes popped as I appeared through the smashed door with behind me pandemonium, shouting and the crash of upturned furniture...

Like a smack in the face the heat of the street hit me with the rumbling roar of heavy traffic. It lifted my spirits. Beneath my feet shattered glass crackled like crushed ice. I felt nothing. No fear, no trepidation. It was one of those religious moments more precious in the faithless. Time shrank and slowed with a painful smile. The footpath was narrow. The crowd backed away as I shuffled to the kerb. I knew not how many there were behind me nor how near they were. I had eyes only for the bus barrelling along the street rapidly very close now, like favourable fortune running on schedule. It was the quickest way I knew to escape and I remember the number 516… same as the street number of the house I grew up in. I’d seen it before but I had no idea where the route led the big, rusted, battered rattling bastard of a bus. From the restaurant behind me, the fury of a small army screamed, a hellish uproar, the sound of tables and chairs smashed over in a rush, and angry shouting. I did not pause to figure the odds… one way or the other it was not going to be nice. I did not look back. There is only one thing to do when going through Hell. That is keep going. It all occurred in less than an instant, from the moment I escaped through the smashed door till I broached the kerb and I heard Baby's voice as I took a deep breath, and I stepped off the kerb and staggered out onto the roadway, into the path of the screeching bus.


Part five

Someone screamed. It might have been me. It’s funny how your mind works. Everything happens in a flickering blur. Like when I came out of the coma, the blur was me, for weeks in drugged bliss with my mind swimming backwards in the fast flow of painkilling sewage. I thought I was dead and waiting to be buried. The bandages were eventually cut off my face, and even the English-speaking doctor had trouble to puzzle out what I was trying to say. It’s not easy to speak when your jaw is a jigsaw puzzle of bone fragments, wires and screws and the teeth have gone. When told my leg could not be saved I asked which one. They seemed to think it a strange question, and now to me it probably does not make sense, but it did at the time. I hoped they amputated the one with the crushed ankle, at least then I would have one good leg, I hoped. But no, as it turned out they hacked off the good one. That was a laugh.

At the time no bad news bothered me. Not then - not the pulverised hip and jaw and vertebrae, the lung I lost, the crushed guts and the metre of tattered intestine they chopped out, or the mangled leg they lopped, nor any of the long inventory of damage - it bothers me now, more each day. And more each day I wished the whole thing never happened. None of it! Much I cannot remember, though bits flash back and make me scream at night, then in the morning I cannot remember exactly. Even now there are two words I cannot stand to hear, much less utter. Tears come to my eyes to think of them. I cannot even write them to tell you what they are…

I remember my last thought as I peacefully stepped from the kerb and my eyes met that terrifying sight. It blotted out all my troubles and I saw plainer than day, Baby’s face and nothing else; I heard her laughter and that quirky, teasing Thai-girl accent of hers I loved, sort of semi-mockery, with weirdly-affectionate, ironic respect; there is no doubt in my mind it was her voice and no doubt it was no figment of my addlebrained, distraught imagination, as she laughed in my face, “I thought you said you can take care of yourself!”


Part six


Poor Baby, poor mixed-up, ill-fated, innocent Baby. I will never forget the chick as long as I live… if they call this living. Looking back now, she was definitely the sweetest of all of them - tight as they come, now wasted… the poor kid. I did not call her squirt for nothing. There was so much more to her than that, so much I took for granted without really appreciating her the way she deserved. She was the best in many ways more than the obvious.  And now the doctors say there will be no more, there is nothing more certain, though they cannot guess how long my current precarious state will last. My blood went cold when I first overheard the doctors talking beside my bed to the guy from the Embassy.

They thought I was unconscious, and one of the doctors was talking in perfect English. She had been trained in the UK. She bragged about it a number of times, as I heard her move round the hospital bed one side then the other. And she was telling the embassy guy it was a miracle, an absolute miracle, that I survived the accident. She said I must have been very tough. She said my internal injuries were terrible. Further reconstruction would be required in future years. She itemised the worst. I heard her voice from different directions as she shifted about the ward. I lay there sightless, unable to move, almost encased in plaster and bandages, in the grip of an octopus of tubes everywhere, unable to do anything but listen.

“He must have powerful karma,” she muttered.

The guy from the Embassy laughed, “If you say so…”

He said the Thai cops were convinced I was involved in something serious. They heard rumours a local Bangkok drug lord had a reward on my head. But the cops had nothing on me. They would not prevent me leaving the country. If I stayed it would only mean more work for homicide investigators when I was found in a back alley with my throat cut. That would not be a good look for tourism. The embassy guy said the Thai cops were overjoyed to hear that in my own country authorities would be glad to get their hands on me, on account of me being fugitive from a gaol sentence with further charges hanging over my head. I might have been smiling. I don’t know, but if I did the bandages on my face at the time would hide it.

The embassy guy was asking how long before I could be flown back home. The doctor guessed maybe weeks or months. Then she dropped a clanger.

“He will never be a man again, you know. Not fully.”

With those words she patted the cast on my remaining leg.

And her voice sagged with a sigh, “Poor baby…”




Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please leave a review at your favourite eBook retailer.

Thanks!
Bruce Hanna


About the author


I’m no writer. I actually don’t write. The stuff just comes out, like the insides of an insect clinging to the windscreen of a speeding vehicle.” – Bruce Hanna

After growing up among construction sites and factories of western Sydney, Australia, Bruce Hanna became a homeless outlaw, hunted by Federal, State and Army police due to his refusal to collaborate in the USA-led war against Vietnam. He was later granted amnesty under the Whitlam-Barnard Labor government.

Hanna’s writing and cartoons appeared on fringes of the Australian press, including The Bulletin, Nation Review, The Australian, Sydney Morning Herald, Tribune and the underground tabloid Paper TV. They may also be found in obscure collections of his poetry, along with Suicide Circus, an illustrated homage to the self-devastation of the human race, along with his PsychoJunk recordings beginning with Mad Dog on Crazy Street (1999).

Hanna’s first novel Fatal Moments (published by A&R in 1987) caused Peter Bowler in Canberra Times to remark on a “delicious thread of dry humour running through the high drama” and “the sheer outrageous fecundity of Hanna’s imaginativeness.” Hanna reveals the World in spurts of liquid insight, and outrage etched into his writing by acidic humour, as reflected in Sentimental Traveller (2020) a compassion-fuelled narrative of cross-century travels. Some years ago, his e-books (Babu, Comedy of Turmoil and Scrapheap of Dreams) with Sentimental Traveller were made available free of charge, for educational purposes.



Other books by Bruce Hanna

Babu (Smashwords 2017)

Babu is a naked infant terror, an outrage to his hate-filled village at the furthest end of nowhere. In a world ruled by demons, spirits and greed, he finds enlightenment in a whirlwind of life and death. Babu suffers starvation and earthquakes, unaware of his true value and his enduring effect on all those he encounters in his philosophical pilgrimage and his constant quest for food and kindness.

Cursed by birth and clad in grubby loincloth and turban, Babu is a fresh breath of unwashed air among superstitious and ignorant villagers far from civilisation. They beat him and treat him like a criminal imbecile. Babu rebels against their authority and the inequality he finds in poverty around him, and all of life's bad luck. He survives by stealing food and foraging in the wilderness. Driven by hunger and festering ambition Babu longs for a better life. He sees himself as the loneliest man in the world with rats and dogs his only companions. 

He has a secretive relationship with the local schoolteacher; a modern man with a pencil behind his ear. He develops an enduring friendship with the boozy priest Baba, a holy man banished in disgrace from the distant Great Monastery. Baba encourages Babu's search for wisdom in the twisted world of magic and evil.

Despite everything turning against him, and despite the disadvantages of his humblest station in life, Babu finds wisdom, he finds work, he finds love, he finds a home, he finds wealth. He rises above all adversity. He is transformed from a sneaky childhood thief born as an orphan in the wilderness, to achieve greatness as a philosopher of celebrated renown.


Comedy of Turmoil (Smashwords 2017)

Hugh Janus is an obscure stand-up comedian working in a dump of a nightclub like an old time Humphrey Bogart movie set. His story is a non-conformist comedy of erotic self-indulgence and violently interwoven relationships around him. Humiliated by his wife and bullied by his boss, Janus’s scandalous onstage performances win him success and infamy in a blaze of betrayal, sex, violence and murder.

Finding a gun against his head is nothing new to Janus. His life is an erratic and erotic search for artistic meaning and personal truth. Janus weaves a dangerous self-indulgent path through violent turmoil often of his own making. His domineering wife Deanna resents his dependence on her money and he resents her. She is a mysteriously powerful woman with international connections. She debases him and she punishes him when necessary; and she saves him from trouble when she must. He is a pain in the arse, but he’s her pain in the arse. She tries to force Janus to give up show biz and get a normal job. In despair Deanna seeks satisfaction in an affair with her psychiatrist while Janus carries on a number of secret liaisons with the nightclub’s aged exotic dancer, bar staff, his mistress and prostitutes. It seems a perfect marriage in some ways.

Janus must conceal his relationship with Daisy the wild-eyed exotic dancer in the nightclub. Daisy is the lifelong friend of Deanna, and the mistress of the jealous nightclub boss. Eighty year-old Henri Kaye is a sadistic and conniving old-school gangster, troubled by sexual dysfunction and ill-health. Boss Henri plagues Janus with comedy advice and wartime nostalgia from the holocaust.

The turbulent tale of Janus is a comedy in honour of the soul's need to belong and the ego’s craving for attention, with ambiguities of love and lust - the simple gravity that holds people together as they fall apart.


Sentimental Traveller (Smashwords 2020)

"A border-crossing, boundary-breaking story. Observant as Paul Theroux... as compassionate as Ryszard Kapuscinski... as politically astute as Anthony Bourdain... and QUIRKY as hell."

The book follows the author from the optimism of the Age of Aquarius through decades of poetic travel, childlike curiosity and disconcerted wonder, in the company of women met along the way. The narrative is woven from conversations and recurring relationships with streetwalkers, street hawkers, beggars and cripples, dreadlocked hashish-smoking holy-men, drug smugglers, rich tourists and travelling business folk. The author is impressed by the simple well-meaning dignity of folk he meets at all levels, and he becomes absorbed in the stories they tell that illuminate the decadent essence and paradox of the human condition under the yoke of prosperity and progress.

The author’s journey begins in 1975 on a hippie-trail honeymoon in Asia with his indomitable, young wife.  On a near fatal expedition to see Mount Everest, their escape from the high Himalayas is delayed by a plane crash. In following years, the author is obsessed with discovering a “definition of travelling” to guide him recapturing those haunting memories in his treasured notebooks. From the 20th to the 21st century, through country after country the notebooks fill, and the World changes dramatically, and so too does the author. Finally, as an old man he salvages from his notebooks in gripping detail the full story of the perilous mountain trek long ago, and the singing voices that miraculously saved him from violent doom.


Fatal Moments (A&R 1987)
Soon to be available as an eBook

"Where the wind blows no-one knows. When the air is still, all that is known is that the wind is elsewhere. And where the truth lies - no-one knows that either."

Evocative, suspenseful, alternately comic and tragic, the story of Fatal Moments takes place during Australia's early days, with the arrival of a mysterious stranger in a small outback town.

Amidst the prosperity of the cedar cutting trade - the Red Gold Rush - the residents assume that they are true tamers of the land.

They are, however, cruelly mistaken.

With the onset of a particularly harsh summer a pervasive sense of unease and futility sets in - which is then brought to a new, fever-high pitch by a terrible, burning heatwave.

As passions begin to run high in town, one fatal moment, whether it be a calculated betrayal or a cut-throat brawl, succeeds another... Until a dark, lone figure - who has all the while remained silently crouching upon the hill, patiently waiting for the wind to rise - finally decides to strike, using the most feared, devastating weapon: the land's rebirth itself.

Fatal Moments is one of the most vivid and powerful novels to depict the brutal lives and simple aspirations of Australia's bush pioneers. It is a remarkable portrayal of their relentless, epic struggle to force nature into submission - a struggle which, in the end, can be cut short only by the ancient, hidden forces of the Dreamtime...

