SEASONS OF THE HEART
“AUTUMN”

By
Stephanie Fletcher

* * * * *

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:
Stephanie Fletcher on SMASHWORDS

“AUTUMN”
Copyright © 1/06/2014 by Stephanie Fletcher


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This story is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Adult Reading Material

I hope you enjoy reading this book as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
Stephanie.


* * * * *

Seasons of the Heart

These four short stories reveal to us the four stages of ‘LOVE’ throughout a year in the lives of very different couples and their experience of love at a certain stage in life. 
Spring tells us of a first love, of puppy love, of a crush, and the ending of such love, as a person grows with experience and they learn more about their relationships.
Summer is about a chance meeting which maybe the beginning of true adult love, or unconditional love. It is a story of hope, of not giving up on love, that it may, at any time, in any situation, leap out and touch us on the shoulder.
Autumn reveals to us what happens when things start to go wrong, when love leaves and divorce seems inevitable or is it?
Finally, Winter takes us to a place that all couples fear - being the one left alive and alone, when their partner passes away. It is a sad but enlightening story which shows that true love never dies.


* * * * *

Autumn

The autumn of one’s life is the time we expect to have got everything together and now is the time to reap its rewards. The time where we have purchased a home, have a job that satisfies, and live with someone you love dearly. The kids have come and gone and together you expect to live a loving, healthy life, looking forward to retirement when you and your partner can sail off to a happy sunset. But for most of us - life is not like that.
Here we have five couples, all as different as they could be, facing dilemma’s they have to overcome. Will these relationships make it to the golden retirement? Or will they be ripped apart by problems that families have had to deal with for generations?

* * * * *

Our first couple is Ralph and Ivy Evans they are in their mid – forties and have just celebrated their twenty fifth wedding anniversary. They face a situation no parent ever thinks will befall them. They are sat in the conservatory of their four-bed, detached, bought and paid for home, with a double garage, in the suburbs of greater Manchester.
“That was some party the kids threw for us, Ivy, I am still aching from all that dancing.”
“Well you’re no spring chicken anymore as your chicken dance showed us all.”
“I am mortally offended; there is nothing wrong with my dancing.” Ralph replied with a huff.
“Don’t be, we all found it very entertaining.” Ivy said laughing. Ralph kissed her on the cheek and went to work as normal 
In truth she didn’t know how she made it through the evening. Their two children had excelled themselves in celebrating their parents’ marriage but Ivy was having trouble accepting that this was it – from now on, it would be Ralph and her, knocking around in this big house.
The thought of having to continue being at his beck and call irritated her, she no longer felt the powerful love she had for him when they had married. Back then everything lay ahead of them, exciting and new, and in fact it had been a good and trouble free life. But in the here and now, Ivy had trouble picturing their future and the part she would play in it.
Ralph had a very good job which he faithfully commuted too every week day, 9-5, never taking a day off unless it was an emergency, but he never received promotion past managerial level and now at his age, he would be passed over by all the younger professional’s he constantly complained about. Ivy could see the future being no different. Ralph earned enough to give their family a comfortable living; therefore, there had never been any need for her to go out to work. She was a stay at home mum and loved him for that – but what now? She was bored with housework, and lonely without the kids to talk too. She needed something to change – but what?
Ivy had debated her problem at length, in the long days of hibernation, as that is what it felt like; she was waiting, conserving her energy for the long winter ahead. Round and round, the same questions, over and over again, spinning out of control, as if she had lost her anchor and was drifting away. What should I do? What can I do? Who would employ me? Am I too old? Should she look for part-time work, perhaps at the local school? She did miss the kids being little; her favourite age was six to nine when they are so full of wonder at the world, so energetic and full of potential. 
Ivy was proud her children, they had the best education and the best choices as their parents could offer them, or help them to make these choices themselves. Their son, Malcom had joined the navy at nineteen and was now a Staff Sergeant on the ship ‘Sir Galahad’, which was a support ship for the infantry. Ralph was proud of him but Ivy worried every day he was away from port, in some hostile foreign stretch of water. 
Their daughter, Wendy, had left school at sixteen and went to the local college to do a business management course. She got her diploma and then employment working nine to five in the office of a local solicitor’s. She had met her husband there, and they were living the life of a professional couple in their chosen home, which was thirty minutes away by bus. When her daughter announced she was pregnant it was one of the most perfect days of her life, the second was when Maisie was born. Ivy would pop over every day for the first six weeks, joyful to be of help and privileged to have this chance to be of some use, but kids grow up quickly - now no-one needed her but Ralph, and as long as he had clean shirts and dinner at seven o’clock he was happy as larry. Her days were long and empty; Ivy couldn’t face the thought of the next twenty-five being like this.
Ralph wasn’t that blind to his wife’s dilemma, he knew she was struggling to adapt to this next stage of their shared life. His secretary Rose, who was in her late fifties said it was called the ‘empty-nest syndrome’. She knew as she had been through it herself, she explained. “The time comes in a woman’s life when the ability to have any more children vanishes with the menopause,” Rose told him. “It is like the last nail in the coffin as your childbearing years are over, and it hits some woman a lot harder than others.”
“You think it is the menopause? Already?” Ralph had not even given that any thought.
“I can only tell you of my experience and what I have been told by others my age. It can start as early as thirty or forty and it is called the ‘peri –menopause’, which means the symptoms come on gradually, but for most it begins in their fifties and it can be a shock.”
Rose had a close relationship with her boss, even so this conversation was unusual, but she liked his wife and knew how ignorant and selfish men can be at this time in a relationship. “She no longer has to nurture and care, but the need is always there,” Rose explained. “I was lucky as I had my job with you, and it made the transition easier having something else to focus on, but even I suffered from the raging hormones slowly leaving my body. I don’t know how my husband put up with me at times, but we pulled through. You need to talk to her Mr Evans, if you do not acknowledge the problem it will only get bigger. I have seen so many couples lose the plot at this time in their marriage, and end up in the divorce courts.”
“You’re not wrong there, Rose. Thank you for your insight, I’ll take it to heart, I promise. There is no way I am giving up on my marriage or my wife when she needs me most.”
Ralph was grateful for her input; at least now he had an idea what was probably going through his wife’s head. He loved her so much, from the day they met and he was looking forward to spending more time with her. Sometimes he could see the fear in her eyes when she thought he wasn’t looking. He had always endeavoured to give her everything she asked for and when the children came along, he worked twice as hard to provide for them all at a great sacrifice to himself. 
He enjoyed his job, it served a purpose, but now the days of looking out the window, wishing he was out there in the great big world, came more often that he liked. The fifty-minute commute tired him out, sitting in endless traffic jams, breathing in all the polluted air. He wished he were on the top of some mountain, having climbed to its peak to view the world that was hidden to him. Ralph and Ivy had done a lot of hill walking when they met, before the wedding, before the kids, before he had to put his family first and could no longer do as he pleased. What had pleased him back then was the endless time they spent talking and walking, hand in hand, simple enjoying each other’s company. Where had that gone too? Why hadn’t he noticed how their life had changed?

* * * * *

Here we have a couple that have lost the words and the ability to communicate honestly, their fears and feelings about the future. Both are questioning the foundation on which their marriage had been formed and talk about their concerns. Instead they turn away from each other, looking for answers elsewhere, widening the gap between them to the size of an ocean. What will bring them back to the table of communication and love? Or will their relationship dissolve and fizzle out?

* * * * *

On the 2nd of April in 1982, England went to war over the sovereignty of the Falklands Islands with Argentina. It was a ten-week war that ended with the surrender of Argentina. England won - but at what price? Ralph and Ivy were proud (and worried) when their son told them he was shipping out to join the already massive fleet heading out to protect the islanders. As parents this was a nerve-racking time for them, and all other problems were put on the back burner for now as they pulled together as a family.
On the tenth of June 1982, Ralph and Ivy were glued to the television, watching in horror at the re-runs of the Sir Galahad being bombed. Three Mirage planes of the Argentine air force managed to drop their load of deadly missiles and severely damage the ship. It was waiting to unload the Welsh Guards, amongst other Infantry soldier’s, onto the beach at Bluff Cove. One bomb hit the ammunition hold causing a massive explosion and the Welsh Guard took the brunt of casualties. The images that Ralph and Ivy were now watching were of the airlifts of the surviving crew and infantry. Their son was on that ship - as far as they knew. The smoke was thick and black, and the death toll kept climbing higher and higher as those who were injured or dead were recovered. The telephone lines to the number were given out to see if their son was alive, injured or dead, were jammed. For two days, Ralph and Ivy had sat side by side, holding hands, not wanting to breathe in case the worst had happened to their son. Every half hour one of them would ring the number again, trying to get through. Their daughter and son-in law were there every day they could be, waiting and waiting…
Being left in suspended animation over the fate of their son had put their worries about the future on hold. They needed to be strong, for each other and their daughter, to face whatever news came their way. Ivy busied herself with endless rounds of tea and biscuits, helping her daughter to prepare dinners none of them had appetite for. Ralph held the phone in his hand constantly, as if he put it down it would break or they would miss a call. He kept checking for the dial tone, and he kept ringing the number he now knew of by heart.
It was the not knowing that was ripping their heart’s right out of them. Another sleepless night passed and on the eleventh of June 1982, at three pm, Ralph got through to the advice line. Their son was listed as critically injured and was presently on a converted cruise liner, serving as a hospital, called the SS Uganda, and it was now heading back to Plymouth from the Ascension Islands. These islands were the base for the fleet, air support, and supplying the forces with what ever they needed. There were no other details as yet, the young woman told him. They were advising all relatives to await the ships homecoming, and they would be informed where their son was to be transferred too, but as to the extent of his injuries, they had no more information. It was a five-minute call that transformed their lives – now they had hope.
As families do when tragedy occurs they pulled together. Ivy told Ralph they couldn’t sit and do nothing, she wanted to go to Plymouth and be there when the ship got in. Of course, they were not alone in the aftermath of the Falkland’s war; there were many other parents, wives, husbands, and children who needed to be there. Plymouth was invaded by another ‘army’ of grieving relatives awaiting the return of those who had survived – and those who did not.
The banks of the Plymouth Sound were crowded in joyous celebration, flying the red, white and blue as the ships came back, one by one. Ivy had not felt this close to her husband since the day their son was born, and Ralph had never had to deal with such utter desperation. He had to keep it together, lock his fears away inside whilst he gave an air of being strong for his family. 
They had booked into a bed and breakfast, lucky to get a room at all, and Ralph had objected to the amount they had to pay for their rooms. He found it disgusting - how sick were these hoteliers to make a profit on their grief. Their daughter and son-in-law could not come so Ralph and Ivy were alone in a twelve by twelve room, where the double bed didn’t give much room for them to avoid each other, where at home they could disappear into their large suburban home, and not see each other for hours on end.
Ralph and Ivy slept restlessly, ate the not so healthy fry up breakfast, and returned to wait at the docks, along with so many other parents. They held each other when the first ship sailed back into Plymouth Sound – it wasn’t the one their son was on. More ships sailed in unloading their precious cargos and every time Ralph and Ivy’s blood pressure would rise along with their hope. No parent should ever have to deal with the death of a child. All around them, others were getting the worst news.
The SS Uganda sailed in a few days later, and they noticed the crowds had depleted somewhat. They heard other relatives talking about how some soldiers were very badly burnt and didn’t survive the journey home. Ralph and Ivy stood still as statues. They wanted to stop time so they didn’t have to hear the bad news that was circulating around them. They could see coffins being unloaded. They saw hospital trolley’s coming down the ramps on to the docks and into waiting ambulances, many bodies of bandages were being tended to by uniformed nurses. No one could get near enough to see faces clearly and were held back by the Army of soldiers that had not been called to this battle. There were high ranked officer’s handing lists out to every waiting parent or spouse.
Ralph saw a young officer heading towards them. “Are you relatives?” he asked. 
“Yes, we have a son in the Welsh Guard.” Ivy answered crossing fingers and toes. He looked through the lists and came to the one from the Galahad.
“Your son, staff sergeant Malcolm Evans is critically wounded and has been transferred immediately to the burns unit at the Queen Elizabeth Military Hospital, Woolwich, London. Here are the directions.” And then he was gone. They stood silently not knowing what to do, cry with relief or worry they will not make it to the hospital – he still wasn’t ‘safe’.
Back at the bed and breakfast they packed quickly, rang their daughter updating her on Malcolm’s condition, and then raced to the car as if every second wasted was one too late and they would not get there in time.
Ivy had never known her husband to drive so recklessly, breaking the speed limit on the motorway, and being flashed at by speed cameras that seemed to have popped up everywhere. He would have a least three tickets to pay but it was worth it, if they got there in one piece. Without a single stop, Ivy and Ralph found themselves hunting for a space in the overcrowded car park.
“It seems today is a day for breaking rules.” Ralph said as he parked the car on the kerb, on double yellows, in a street nearby. They could not find a space and both were cursing at the time it was taking, so they abandoned their car to its fate at the pen of some traffic warden.
They were both out of breath when they reached the reception desk in the hospital where pandemonium had broken out. There were uniformed officers ordering the waiting relatives to move, herding them into a waiting area, which didn’t have enough chairs, was really stuffy and claustrophobic for Ivy who didn’t like cramped spaces. Ralph guided her to the edge of the room, near to a window where there was a warm breeze. He held her as she cried gently; it was getting too much for her – the not knowing, the waiting. 
“It’s like being pregnant with him all over again, Ralph, the fear of the unknown you have with your first baby as you wait to hold them in your arms…”
 As they waited they both began to open up to each other, talking about the problems they thought they had, and agreed it was nothing compared to this. Ralph was moved at his wife’s words and she was amazed at his. Why hadn’t they spoken like this when together at home? They both felt a reunion of those feelings they had when they fell in love. The years were stripped away by the worry over losing their son.
Every person in that room was waiting for someone to tell them it was going to be okay. Slowly the room emptied as the relatives left, taken by a nurse or doctor to a more private room. They didn’t come back. Those that did looked worried but relieved. It was their turn. “Mr and Mrs Evans?” A doctor called, into the near empty waiting room. They had been in there for over four hours.
“Yes here!” Ralph said raising his hand.
“If you’d like to follow me I’ll take you to your son.” Said the young doctor who turned, and left, barely giving them time to follow.
“Thank god!” Ralph and Ivy thought, simultaneously –it wasn’t the room of doom.
In the large old-fashioned ward there were many beds squashed in to accommodate the wounded. The doctor stopped at a bed where there was a man covered in bandages, over his face, his arms and hands, and his torso and legs. There wasn’t a piece of pink skin to be seen.
“This is staff sergeant Evans; he has been treated for severe flash burns on over 55% of his body. He is presently unconscious as he has been sedated. He will need to stay here for at least two months and he will need many skin grafts. I am sorry to inform you his right arm may have to be amputated as it is too damaged; the burn has destroyed too many nerves. But all in all he is lucky, he will survive.”
Ralph began to formulate a question but there was no discussion, no questions to ask or answers to be given. The doctor had moved on to the next on his list, he was obviously doing his best to keep on top of things and had lost his bedside manner along the way.
They stood for what seemed like an hour just staring at their little boy, so vulnerable and unrecognisable. “I wonder if he knows what has happened to him, Ralph.”
“We will find out in time Ivy, he is going to need a lot of rehabilitation and a lot of our time and love.”
“Yes, it looks like my nest has a bird for me to care for again.” She said sadly. Ralph had told her what his secretary had said, and Ivy had agreed Rose had been right.
“But this time you are not doing it alone, Ivy. I want to be there for him and not locked away in some office counting the minutes until I retire.”
“How will we afford it though, Ralph?”
“I’m an accountant Ivy; do you not think I haven’t got a nest egg tucked away for emergencies?”
“Well no, I didn’t but I should have guessed as you have never let any of us go with out our heart desires. We have the house, all bought and paid for and worth much more in today’s prices, but now we are having this crisis it has made me think we have given so much up to pay for that feeling of security, by having all we want, whereas now I would give it all away not to have to see our son like this.”
“Yes, I see what you mean Ivy, it doesn’t make sense anymore.”
“We have some re-evaluating to do Ralph. Perhaps we need a new plan for our future, which involves both of us working together. Who would have thought it would take such an unforeseen event which is devastating, yet as a couple it has brought us back onto the path of valuing life and love, over equity and bricks and mortar. None of that seems important now.”
“We have our son – alive.” Ralph agreed. “He maybe damaged by his experience, God knows I thought we had lost him, but on a positive note I am grateful it has given us a jolt out of our comfortable, safe life, and made us look at what is important. I feel guilty and it saddens me it took our Malcolm being badly injured for us to pull together. At least we recognise we have problems to be aired and hopefully solved, Ivy. We are twenty-five years down our marriage path, and there are no rules to say we can’t change direction; go and live somewhere else, do something we gave up on years ago, like hill walking. Remember our plans? We’d have the kids, see them settled, and then resume the hobbies we had to give up. You wanted to be a travel writer and I wanted to climb mountains. Who’s to say we can’t do both?”
“Ralph you have always been a dreamer. How have you managed all those years in that tiny office, like a caged bird, with his wings clipped?”
“I don’t know Ivy - truly. I suppose it was the responsibility of having children to care for and you to come home too. They were all the reasons I needed. I can see know when the children became independent; moving out and on a with their lives it has left you adrift, floating aimlessly with all that extra time on your hands, but I swear, my love, I have never stopped loving you for one day and never will.”
“I know Ralph and I am grateful for everything you have so selflessly done for us. Now is supposed to be our time. I see what you mean though, we can change the path we are on, change the direction of our lives. Let’s take care of our son and promise to talk instead of ignoring each other’s pain and worries. Let’s make a decision to be happy, every day as if it were the last. I don’t ever want to go through this again Ralph. I wished for something to happen to break up the only future I could see, and quite frankly, dreaded. It seems I got what I wished for at the expense of my son’s loss of a limb and all those painful burns he has endured to survive.”
“Ivy you can’t blame yourself like that. He was at war, he is a soldier, a fighter and knew the risks, more than we did. Now let’s make some plans for our future while we sit and wait for Malcolm to join the land of the living again. I love you Ivy.”
“And I love you Ralph.” They kiss in a loving embrace whilst next to their son…
“Mum! Dad! Get a room will yer…” came the husky voice they had longed to hear as their son opened his eyes.

* * * * *


Time to meet our second couple - Samuel and Poppy Bird. They are children of the 60’s, the era of free love and ban the bomb. They met at university in Oxford and were married the year after they took their finals. Both had promising careers to go to, in their specialised fields and it surprised everybody when neither of them took them up.
They opted out of life that was considered ‘normal’ at the time, deciding they could not allow their principles and ideology to be challenged. They did not want to be forever at the beck and call of the green stuff – money.
Money was power, money was greed, money kept those without it in their place, and those with more than they could ever need, used it to get what they wanted, power, position, loyalty and people to mop up their mistakes, hide the bodies, pay people off – in fact anything that would elevate them more, giving them more power and prestige. It was all politics and it was a game Sam and Poppy decided not to play.
They created a commune, and lived as a large family with one goal, to live outside the normal parameters of government restrictions, to live off grid and live life their way. In the 60’s this had been a radical movement, the hippies and their bohemian lifestyles, but as the years pass, as they do, we go to meet our couple in the present. Where are they? How has life changed their principles? Are they surviving in the twenty first century, full of technology and scientific advancements, where people live longer due to medical discoveries? How much of Sam’s and Poppy’s ideology is still intact and current?

* * * * *


The commune was now a community of twelve families and all their off springs and extended family. It had changed considerably over the years and Sam was very proud of what they had accomplished. At first it was all about reacting to government propaganda, going to rallies, protests and waving flags but that all stopped when Poppy got pregnant. Back then, at the beginning, their commune consisted of rebellious hippies, living free and easy, in caravans, tents, and some ramshackle building’s they had repaired, which were used as the communal space for cooking and eating.
The group had lots of ideas and were committed to living outside the realms of paying tax and doing as they are told. But it didn’t put food in their mouths and keep them warm at night, and one by one those who could not put up without the necessary staples of life, left. That was okay as far as Sam and Poppy were concerned; they needed people who were committed to this way of life.
Sam was one of the ‘lucky ones’ whose family was rich and he had a privileged lifestyle that he turned his back on. Instead he took his personal fortune and bought an estate in Cornwall, by the coast. It was derelict having been abandoned by the ‘toff’ who had gambled his legacy away, and Sam was in the right place at the right time, with enough cash to begin his dream of self-sufficiency.
“It is our peace of heaven on earth” Poppy would say. During the initial years the old buildings were either demolished or made habitable. With his ‘theoretical’ experience in construction and engineering, Sam rebuilt the estate to support all that lived and worked on it. He never considered it as his, but belonging to all who contributed and held his ideology of what the future should look like. He would stress to the newcomers or those who were simply nosey, that it was not a cult or religious movement, but a statement that life did not have to be lived as dictated by those with the power.
Poppy never wavered once, even when freezing cold, or when one of the kids became ill and needed a doctor. They would pay privately for one to visit any one of their community who needed a doctor, and they would buy the treatment or medicine that was needed, if a natural cure could not be found. Poppy and Sam did not see this as making an exception, or bending the rules, but as being responsible when outside their comfort zone dealing with something they had no expertise in.
Over the years, this is how they recruited new couples to join them. They looked for the skills they required in the community by advertising, as if it were a job they were looking to fill. No matter how long it took, they always found a person fed up with the 9-5 of life, who didn’t feel they were making a difference, and who were totally disenchanted with the life the government said they should live. Sam could offer another way of life that did satisfy their needs.
Everyone who joined their extended community had to go through considerable vetting, to rule out those who thought they were joining a cult, or the ones they could see who would not be team members and had their own agenda. They had learned this the hard way initially, that people sometimes said one thing and then did another – especially the ‘free’ press. They would come in search of a story, and use their skills of deception to make them seem plausible and be a team player, but when it came down to it, they were just trying to dig up some dirt to publish and increase their readership, as well as trying to destroy and discredit the community. If they couldn’t find anything, they would make it up.
Poppy was a very spiritual person, not religious or tied to one faith, but accepting of all faiths and she was very knowledgeable about alternative ideas, like herbal medicine. As an under grad, she had done her final thesis on these ideas and had studied hard so she would have the right skill set for what lay ahead, she became a Shaman, an intermediary between the spirit world and ours. She would seek advice from her ancestors to treat ailments and would receive messages but she was not a ‘medium’. In ages past she would have been called a witch, or witch doctor, and she did follow the pagan path; she sought to keep harmony and balance between nature and their commune. Eventually they no longer had to advertise as their community grew, as people seemed to come at the right time, when they were needed most.
The term ‘new-age’ was popular and ‘travellers’ took stage front and centre in the press, but it helped Sam and Poppy’s cause as it highlighted what they were trying to build, a life free of restrictions, not dominated by power and politics. They had TV crews and their spokesperson that would come and film their community, and the journalists, as they were looking for evidence of wrong-doing or a scandal, would be disappointed to find nothing but a place that was peaceful, welcoming and actually worked.
When the original families started having the next generation, the commune became a home, a community that was totally self-sufficient. It had its own guidelines - not rules, which they lived by. Every person contributed to the community, by having ‘a job’ but that was a term that made it sound negative, limited and controlled. They preferred being productive and creative, that was positive; and their reward was the knowledge that they had contributed to the survival of the whole, had a roof over their heads and three square meals a day. Many fell by the wayside over the years, pulled away by the temptation of the world at large and what it could offer- especially the children who were born and raised there.
The choice to live their lives, their way, was upheld by the community, no-one was ever forced to stay against their wishes. All the children were educated within the community and there was a building that served as a school. It was staffed by teachers and those experts in the topics and lessons needed for them to continue this way of life. Each child was taught in a way that bought out their talents and interests, which allowed them to focus on a subject they enjoyed, after the basics had been taught. The community supported each other, and all would help in the education of their children.
Over the years Sam and Poppy helped their own son and daughter, decide where the path of their life should lead. Peter was very practical and wanted to know how everything worked, how things were built – he became an inventor and his ideas and applications helped the community at large greatly, as he implemented his ideas.
He helped the community into the new century by changing some of the ideas his parents had initially embraced. They had already accepted that their way of life sometimes needed the help of the community outside, the nearest town or city where they could purchase what they could not build or make for themselves. Their son showed them it was not against their ideals to rule out incorporating new technologies that enhanced their capabilities, and would help their fellow families be more creative and productive for the betterment of all. They did not rely on society as a whole, or want to live their restricted lifestyles again, but it would be a crime committed against themselves, not to use every idea, every bit of research which resulted in a break through that would help their community or individuals grow and evolve, for the ‘greater good of all’, a phrase which abounded in their community.
Their daughter, Celeste, left their family at sixteen when very rebellious. She chose to live in Plymouth, and went to college to study of all things - Art. Poppy and Sam never stood in her way, though they did not understand her defiance or her chosen subject. Celeste had never displayed any talents that supported her wish to become an artist, but they helped her where they could, and when she asked, which was rare. It had been over three years and they had not heard from her, not once in all that time – she had disappeared from their lives.
As she was now an adult there was nothing they could do, but as parents they hoped that one-day she would return. They had helped her move out when she had asked to go and they had wished their daughter well. It never occurred to Poppy or Sam that their daughter had been very unhappy with her life and had built up so much resentment towards them, until all they had from her was silence.
There were other families in the community who went through the same dilemmas as themselves, and more often than not the wayward child would return as an adult, having experienced life in the fast lane, and with a family of their own. They would settle back in to the life of sharing and caring. Sometimes their partners would not accept this difficult way of life and leave, taking any offspring with them, but it never surprised Poppy or Sam, when either the partner or child, now an adult, would turn up again. 
When asked why they would say as they had experienced the slower, peaceful pace of life; and had the support of the community, and then compared it to how they lived on the outside, it was not a hard choice to make. All they found was the same lack of jobs, a lack of assistance, a health service stretched to its limits, a government embroiled in scandal and cutbacks, who only cared for those with money and power, which widened the gap between those who ‘had’ and those who did not. But the biggest reason that sent them running back was they fact they had become invisible and insignificant, just another listing in the phone book of life, instead of having a whole section just for them.
So many lonely, isolated people with no agenda, and nothing to look forward to but death, the inevitable end that comes to us all, rich or poor, black or white, Christian or Muslim. Sam agreed with Poppy, it seemed it was tougher than ever out there; nothing had changed in the world beyond their gates since they closed them in the sixties.
Eventually, as time moved on, the estate was running at full capacity and they had to purchase yet another stretch of land, but this time they had to look further away and they managed to find a rundown farm near to the edge of Dartmoor and the new Forest. It was their first satellite community that their son and his family took on with five other younger families.
It would be run on the same guidelines as the first, but as there were no suitable buildings to utilise as homes they designed and built one of the first ecological settlements. Within five years it was totally self-sufficient and off the grid. They grew their food in up to the minute hydroponics systems, in specially made poly tunnels. They had herds of cattle, sheep and pigs, as well as chickens and their eggs, which were all organic. Most settlers were vegetarians but not all, and when required, usually when an animal was suffering, they were killed humanely, and every part of the deceased animal was used productively. No one ate lamb or the young of any animal just starting its life, as they deserved the same respect and long life as humans did.
It was the primary guideline that every living being had the right to live, eat and pray however they wanted, as long as it did not hurt another living being. 
Sam’s rich family who had rejected him as a young adult, with strange ideas that they could not support, never came to see what he had accomplished, which tore at his heart. They had died within a year of each other and as the only child he reluctantly inherited a vast amount of money and several new homes around the world. 
Poppy had agreed when Sam suggested they hand over the reins to Peter, let him invest in the future and their dreams which he did. The finances for the community were controlled by the committee of founders, the original families whose knowledge and wisdom guided the new settlers, welcomed them to their ideology and life in a community where everyone has a purpose and nobody went without whatever they deemed they needed. 
Everybody who came into this way of alternative living, would gift his or her savings, any money from selling a house they owned, if they had chosen to sell – some rented out their family homes and donated any surplus income, choosing to help those in need in the larger community. Every person who gave up their way of life in the fast lane came to them with all they had and never wanted for anything ever again. 
There was no need for money within the community, as everything was provided, and any money made on sales of produce, of anything created by their residents was also ploughed back into the communal fund. It had worked like this was for over twenty years. Money meant nothing to their lifestyle, but as it was required outside their gates, they had to have their own banking system. 
At first the internet had been a way of keeping in touch with other communities similar to theirs, and then their own people who branched out building satellite communities, who needed to stay in touch and would ask for help initially where they lacked in experience. Now, they had a website, an on-line presence and were in contact with eco settlements, earth warriors, new age groups, spiritual on-line communities, and now they even had a waiting list of applicants waiting to join. It was a time of expansion and their son had been instrumental in implementing it. Sam would readily admit that Peter’s vision was way above anything he and Poppy had when starting out.
Poppy and Sam saw that the settlements were becoming multi-racial and multi-cultural and the diversity of all these people enhanced the lives of other’s and added to their community. It was excepted and understood by all the individuals that shared their life’s dream, that when you remove money and power as the goals in life, and focus on the greater good for all, (barring the odd niggle or complaint) people could live in harmony and peace, with respect for all, and more importantly – live from unconditional love.
In the sixty years of living and loving in a way that was now considered to be enlightened and good for the planet, Poppy and Sam had only the one regret, their daughter. Now they were both in their mid-seventies, but still contributing to the community at large. Sam enjoyed writing about their way of life, as being free of restrictions and forced ideals. He wrote about all that they had achieved and overcome, and Peter had helped him to publish it as a book and on the internet site he had recently created. Poppy was still teaching, passing on her wisdom and knowledge – just how it should be.
They had no way of knowing what had happened to their daughter and wished they knew if she was happy, married and producing grandchildren they had never met. They would then worry about the worst scenario. That she may have got herself involved with drugs and the seedier side of life, as she had been tempted away by the ‘must have’ ideology of life. And, of course, the ultimate fear - she was dead. Even Poppy as a Shaman had no insight or message about Celeste but felt within her core, she was still alive, and one day she would come home.
It was the annual Renewal feast and celebration that they held in September, at the time of harvest and giving thanks to mother earth for her bounty. It was the biggest celebration in the community calendar, and the most important. The renewal part was the celebration of friendships and relationships, old and new, those that had passed over, and those - like Poppy and Sam’s daughter, Celeste, who left but was never forgotten.
There was no ceremony to speak of, in this multi faith community, only a celebration of life, each faith would hold a service or vigil, to which all were invited and vice-versa. There was no pressure to join in and nothing was said if individuals chose to abstain - it was their right.
Every year at this time, Sam and Poppy would light a candle in front of the last photo they had of Celeste and pray that she had a good life and had all that she had ever wanted. Peter would visit from his eco village, and this year was no different - except he had a surprise for his parents. It is here we join this community and walk with Sam and Poppy whist they celebrate the harvest and season of renewal.
 
* * * * *


Everything was going to plan for the end of the harvest and celebrations were under way for the time of renewal, when they planned another year of growing all they required. Their Son, Peter had invented, even re-invented ways to grow their food so they could maximise the quality and quantity of the food they produced for themselves. Year after year the amount they could sell at farmer’s markets increased, until in these modern times of organic food, people would buy anything they had for sale over the internet. That was another wondrous invention that had been freely given to all, which Peter introduced to the community.
Peter wondered what the best course of action would be to find his sister, Celeste. He knew his parent’s had stuck to their ideals that every individual had the right to choose their own path, but they didn’t stop worrying for her, they didn’t stop loving her and missed her every day, especially at this time of year. Peter knew his parents were getting on in age yet they remained remarkably fit and able, in body and mind, and they loved helping with their grandchildren, four up until now, but they yearned for the whereabouts of Celeste.
He decided to inform the committee, in confidence, that he would be taking personal leave to search for Celeste, and requested some monetary help that was gladly given. He was given one of the community cars that ran on bio fuel to help him on his quest. It was a white lie he told his parents that he had to go to one of the new communities in the north to help them with the initial plans and financing – which was true, but he was also going to utilise his spare time in searching for Celeste.
The Internet was invaluable in aiding him and he soon had a list of women who had the same birth date as Celeste’s. The family surname of Bird, was unusual as was her first name, and her middle name was, Summer, but what if she had changed her given names? She had always objected to it, as she objected and rebelled against everything his parents stood for and accomplished. They did the ultimate thing any parent can do for an unhappy child, when the time came and she asked to leave, they did not object or restrain her, but gave her what they knew she would need, money and someone on the outside to help her initially.
Of course Sam’s family wanted nothing to do with him, or his children, that had been made quite clear to him, but Poppies family had totally embraced their way of life. They didn’t want to join them, though the invitation was always open, but they stayed in touch and would visit regularly, even though they lived near to Oxford.
It was here Celeste started her adventure, with her grandparents but she only stayed for two years before taking off again. She moved away with her boyfriend who, according to her, was her one true love. Poppy’s Mum had informed them when it happened and said they had made a home for themselves in a town, nearer to his parents. After that all contact had ceased and Celeste became invisible until now and the helpful Internet.
Peter followed her trail, making many wrong turns and assumptions about what he thought his sister would do. Poppy’s parents had passed away peacefully and Oxford tuned up nothing he didn’t already know. The only lead he had were some letters Celeste had written to her grandparents, which eventually were handed over to Poppy. It was a name - Jacob Jones, but Celeste referred to him in the letters as ‘JJ’. Her grandmother had written in the margin his name in full and she had kept the envelope with a Northumberland postmark, dated around the time Celeste had moved out. ‘She must have sent this letter to let her grandparents to let them know she was okay’ Peter thought.
For a while he managed to trace her tracks whilst she used her given name by using the electoral roll and found a possible address in a town called Whitby. It was on the coast, and a very typical seaside resort. When he knocked on the door of the address he had, the new inhabitant said the previous owners were called Mr and Mrs J. Fitzpatrick, and they had sold them this house about three years ago. As far as they knew they had moved up to Scotland to some place called Findhorn and that was all they knew. Peter hoped it was his sister and her husband, they hadn’t mentioned kids but anything was possible as the information was sketchy but at least he had a new lead.
Two days later he was in Scotland, having looked up the town called Findhorn on the net. Peter was amazed to find out that his sister and spouse had actually joined another community! It was run on many of the values of his own father’s legacy. Their website said “The Findhorn Foundation is a spiritual community, Eco village and an international centre for holistic education, helping to unfold a new human consciousness and create a positive and sustainable future.” It was started in 1962, more or less the same time his Mum and Dad had begun their dream at the opposite end of the country. The webpage gave him all the information he needed to get to the small seaside village.
When he arrived he was welcomed warmly and when he had finished explaining why he was there and the striking coincidence that had bought him here, he was informed that his sister and her husband both worked within the community. It turned out Celeste had married someone who had aspired to live in an eco-friendlier world. Jacob had become a bio engineer and had contributed in the construction of their sustainable energy plant, where the electricity from solar panels and windmills was distributed throughout the community and then into the grid to help their fellow neighbours. 
Celeste had become a teacher and speaker to those who came looking for enlightenment and another way – just like her Mother. All Peter could think was how she had ended up back on the path where she had begun her life, her adventure as she called it back then. Jacob and Celeste welcomed Peter into their home in the eco village and introduced him to their three children, two girls and a boy. After the niceties were out the way, Jacob took the kids aside to give Peter and Celeste time to catch up.
Peter explained how he had traced her and why. Celeste said her life had been out of control until she met Jacob, who reminded her so much of her own father, sharing his ideals and dream’s for a better world and way to live. Her husband had often tried to encourage his wife to look up her family, pick up the phone and go see them, but she would refuse. She would not be swayed and it wasn’t until they had the kids she relented and had tried to get in touch with her Grandparents but she had no reply so gave up, she told Peter that she realised they may be dead, which he confirmed. 
Celeste said she had felt guilty and remorseful because of her bad, unthoughtful behaviour at sixteen. The fact her parents made it so easy for her to leave, had backfired on her. They did everything right and she was wrong. She had ended up taking drugs in college, drinking too heavily and putting herself at risk by sleeping around, and then she met her hero, Jacob. He stayed beside her when her bad habits reasserted themselves, and she would slip back into the oblivion she thought she needed. 
It took him two years to get her sober and clean, and then he asked her to marry him, which she did. It was only a registry office, no family from either side, just a couple of friends as witnesses. Then they moved up north to be near his parents as they were elderly, and they lived with them for four years until they both had passed over, and had two children during that time. 
It was then they heard about an ‘eco’ village in Scotland and decided to take a look. Jacob was hooked immediately but it took Celeste a while longer, but when they inherited his parents’ legacy they saw that the opportunity was there and they both jumped in willingly - even though Celeste knew it was the same sort of community her own mother and father had created, that she had run away from, blaming them for her boring, restricted life.
Celeste told her brother she felt it was too hard to come back. She had lost so much time with her family and had no way of knowing they would accept an ex-junkie back into the fold. Peter assured her that even if she had still been using, they loved her and would welcome her back openly and without judgement. He couldn’t believe how much she had either forgotten or misconstrued – her memories were damaged by her old habits and she had built up resentment against their way of life, yet here she was right back on the path she had begun on. The difference was that now she understood what their way of life had meant, and what it would mean for her own children.
Jacob would not hear of Peter leaving without them and after a few days of making arrangements they all returned to the paradise that was her childhood home at the other end of the country. It was hoped their return would be held secret, to give their parents the surprise of their lives and help them embrace the daughter that they considered they had failed.
It is a celebration above all other’s when a family reunites, when all the loose threads can once more be tied together. Poppy and Sam were exuberant, relieved, and overjoyed at their new family members. When Celeste explained how her life had gone, meeting Jacob, having kids and moving into the eco village at Findhorn, her father revealed to them all that he had a pen friend who was instrumental at the beginning of that community in Scotland. Over the years they had exchanged ideas and helped each other out with their problems, sadly he had passed away but Sam thought he had still family there. Poppy said that synchronicity had its hand in guiding her daughter and husband to the eco village and was proud of her daughter’s accomplishments as a teacher.
“The universe moves in mysterious ways, its wonder to perform.” She would say and how right she was. Poppy never once gave up on the notion that her daughter would find her way back to them, and would daily ask the universe to reunite them. Perhaps not the quickest way to achieve it, but Poppy never doubted when the time was right - Celeste would come home.


* * * * *


Two down, three to go. Here is our third couple, Chloe Glover and Oscar Kelsey. They are both in their late thirties and have been living together for six years. Both have high-pressured jobs in London, and have concentrated on their individual careers.
On the fourteenth of February, Oscar proposed to his partner at the top of the London eye. He then took Chloe to the restaurant where they had first met. At that time, they both had been with other people, and both were unhappy with how their lives were going.
Oscar’s girlfriend broke up with him publically, angrily she told him she had met someone else, someone who was going somewhere, and then she had stormed out. Chloe had seen this embarrassing moment, swearing she would never do that to a boyfriend. She literally bumped into the cuckolded man on the way back from the loo. She apologised and mentioned the scene, telling this stranger she was in the same predicament. Her boyfriend had broken up with her several months ago, and she had just got used to be single again when he rang and asked to meet up, hence the reason why she was here - but he had not shown up, and quite frankly she was glad he hadn’t. She couldn’t understand why she had bothered to even come.
Oscar and Chloe had that spark that signals a chemical attraction and within a week they had become a couple that were inseparable. Chloe had said yes, she would love to marry him and the whole saga of wedding etiquette began to rule their lives.
Oscar worked at the London exchange, the stock market, and had made a fortune over the years. He was forty-two, financial stable and owned a prestigious apartment in Chelsea, where Chloe now lived with him. Chloe was thirty-nine and a solicitor in a top law firm and became a bit of a celebrity because of some high profile cases that she won. Her career was important to her as much as Oscar’s was to him, but they had both learned, over the years of living together, to leave work at work and concentrate on their relationship and future as a couple. Both had bad relationships in their history that had knocked them about so this was the first rule they made together, work and home life should be kept separate and it worked for them.
Chloe had not expected the proposal and was blown away with the huge diamond solitaire ring he had bought her. She had said yes, and was excited at the time, but now three months later she was having second, third and fourth thoughts as to whether it was a good idea. Why rock the boat when everything was going so smoothly? They were a couple who had decided to live for their career’s, neither wanted children, well, so they said at that time, but now Chloe wondered if marriage would mean babies? Surely it was too late for her…
They already had two arguments on what kind of wedding they wanted. She wanted a small do with close family and friends and he wanted half of London to come, or so it seemed, as his list kept getting longer. Eventually they decided to go through a wedding planner at a large hotel that offered a complete package taking the strain off the couple. It was much better, they had both agreed. Oscar told the planner, Ms Robbins, that no expense was to be spared and told her what he desired and then Chloe did the same. The date was set and everything booked, invitations were sent out, and the replies had started to roll in.
The wedding was going to be a very fashionable, plush affair, with a horse pulled carriage for Chloe to arrive in, plus a release of doves and it was planned for three months’ time, in July. The planner arranged for them to be married in the extensive grounds of a hotel, come stately home, unless it forecast rain or was too windy, then it would take place in the ballroom. The guest list was touching five hundred people that they both knew, family friends’ and work colleagues, but there were names Chloe noticed on the list that were from big business and even some famous celebrity, obviously invited to get their wedding noticed by the gossip magazines.
Chloe truly loved Oscar and in the end accepted his vision of their wedding. It was better than arguing over silly details that really didn’t matter. Her nerves were fraught and she was exhausted all the time. Home life had become strained as their relationship was stretched to its emotional limit when Oscar began to stay later at work, which Chloe took to mean he was having second thoughts. It wasn’t - he hadn’t expected the fallout from his proposal to leave them arguing all the time, so much so he was beginning to think he should have agreed to Chloe’s version of the wedding of being small and quiet.
Chloe and her best friend, Sally, who was to be her maid of honour, were also discussing how Oscar and her relationship had changed. Sally told her that she had the same disagreements with her husband but kept reminding herself it would stop after the big day – and it had. She said it had made them stronger, knowing they could face problems and solve them, even if they had different points of view. Chloe really hoped that this would be the case for them.
Oscar bumped into his ex; the one who dumped him so publically, the week before the wedding. She was on her own in a popular coffee shop, sat reading on her I-pad. Oscar thought it would be rude not to say hello to her. They sat and caught up on each other’s lives and Oscar remembered why their relationship hadn’t worked – she never stopped talking about herself and gossiping about others. There were no meaningful conversations or deep discussions like he had with Chloe. Theirs was truly a meeting of minds and joining of souls.
Of course, the whole meeting had been seen and reported to Chloe by an anonymous person, who obviously knew them both and decided to give things a stir before the wedding. Chloe received a video clip off a smart phone, from a number she did not recognise, and the sound was loud enough for her to hear their conversation.
Oscar had been having doubts too – what a turn up, and he was sharing them with his ex. Damn all this technology they had nowadays which gave them opportunities like this, to further damage relationships. In the past you would have to rely on word of mouth – gossip, which couldn’t be verified as easily. What should she do? Confront? Evade? Retreat? Or forget the whole thing and begin again with someone else - she felt betrayed.
She decided she would give him the benefit of the doubt and an opportunity to explain. Chloe knew in her heart of hearts he loved her, but was it enough? This whole wedding business was ruining their relationship. On top of that she had some kid of bug as she felt sick nearly all the time. She was going to have to have a conversation with Oscar that would decide whether their relationship was strong enough to get over this problem wedding. Instead of talking to other people they were close too, they should have been talking to each other, and she was going to make this clear to Oscar. If it was going to work they needed transparency, honesty and above all, trust.
The day arrived and all nerves and doubts were put to one side, Chloe had struggled to get into her wedding dress, she felt bloated and then it hit her – where had her periods gone too? Could she be starting the menopause already? Poor Oscar, it was her declining hormones that made her feel sick and faint at times. She confided in her maid of honour who said there was another explanation – she could be pregnant! Now Chloe had a serious dilemma and sent her friend off to buy a pregnancy test as quick as she could. She couldn’t marry Oscar without giving him the full facts, giving him a choice – they had both been so insistent on the ‘not having’ children scenario.
There was only half an hour left before the ceremony was due to start when a very red faced and out of breath Sally returned to Chloe’s room, who was now out of her dress and pacing nervously. She grabbed the pack of two tests and ran to the bathroom, her whole future hung on the results of this little white stick and its red lines. You need two red lines for a positive result. Time had never advanced as slowly as it did for that few minutes and there it was - she had her answer.
Sally ran to Oscar’s room where he was dressed and ready, and dragged the shocked groom to his future wife as instructed. She then left the room with her fingers crossed.
“What’s up sweetie, I thought it was bad luck to see the bride before the wedding?” Oscar looked worried. 
“I’m sorry...” Oscar didn’t give her time to finish.
“You want out, that’s it isn’t it, you can’t go through with it, can you? Is it my fault? Too many guests?”
“Oscar shut up! I have something to show you!” She handed him the white stick that was might change his life for ever.
“What’s this? What are you telling me? Is it… it’s a test thing isn’t it?
“Yes Oscar, I’m so sorry, I never meant for this to happen. It seems that I am about three months pregnant…”
“Pregnant? With a baby?”
“That’s what positive means.” Chloe said pointing at the test stick he was still staring at.
“Oh I see…”
They both stood silently, staring at the stick and then at each other.
“Well, Oscar, do you still want to marry me?”
“I’m not sure what this means to me – do you want a baby now, after all our discussions about our future?”
“Do you?”
“Chloe… this isn’t a joke is it?
“No Oscar, no joke. I have just found out, on my wedding day that I am three months pregnant with OUR baby.” She paused. “Sally told me it has a heartbeat and eyes… I don’t know what to think.”
Oscar turned in silence and walked out of the room and Sally got back just as Chloe fainted onto the bed. When she came too, Sally was there but no Oscar. “Give him time, Chloe, let it sink in. Have you thought about you want?”
“Of course, now the shock has subsided. I feel different, grown up, like I have taken another step on the ladder of life – you know what I mean don’t you?”
“I do. It was a wakeup call for me too, but a nice one. I have never regretted having Rudy, not even for a moment.” Chloe remained silent and Sally could see the confusion in her eyes. “Look Chloe, it’s not a decision you have to make today. What should I tell people? The wedding should have started ten minutes ago?”
“I am entitled to be fashionably late.” She paused, looking at her wedding dress, and around the room, filled with the scent of many flowers. “Tell them to go ahead, Sally, I want to marry Oscar, I still love him and as you said, the other thing can wait. Now, let’s get this show on the road before it becomes a scandal!”
“Should I tell Graeme to tell Oscar you are going ahead?”
“No Sally, Graeme is best man, let him do his job. If Oscar is not waiting for me I will have my answer.”
“Okay it’s your funeral I mean wedding…” They both laughed and set about trying to rescue their makeup from the deluge of tears.

* * * * *

Oscar was waiting with a smile that reached from ear to ear, they did not need to hear the words of agreement that passed between them and in front of 435 people they were married. It was a great day that went without a hitch, and it was everything Chloe could have ever have wished for – except for her Dad being there to walk her down the aisle. He had died from cancer when she was a little girl. Instead, she had asked her older brother, Alan, who had looked after her as a father figure, to do the honours. 
At the reception she raised a toast to her Dad and her Mum, who had helped as much as she could, especially with dealing with her daughters’ nerves and doubts. The couple left the reception late in the evening as they were flying out in the morning to go on their honeymoon. They talked into the early morning about their baby shock and decided to keep it to themselves until they saw a doctor on their return. They were not the ‘sit on the beach, read a book’ kind of people and Oscar had booked an African safari, followed by a cruise on the yacht his parents had owned but had given them as a wedding present!
Three weeks later and back on familiar soil they returned to the humdrum of work and paying the bills, going for meals, networking contacts and building their life together as man and wife, and preparing for the biggest adventure yet – becoming parents. Her mum had been right, as the Beatle song said – “All you need is love.”

* * * * *


So our third couple were late to the gate but learned to trust each other and talk when times were confusing, instead of letting resentment build up like the disease it is.
On to couple number four, this one will test your notions of what boundaries should or should not be crossed. Let’s meet Lily Ellison and Isaac Myers. This is a relationship we often see in the press, where it is published and talked about so much - it becomes acceptable. But in fact the mainstream of opinion does not apply to those of us who live far from the limelight and television cameras. It is viewed with suspicion and can hurt or even tear families apart.
Lily met Isaac when he was fifteen, a struggling school kid who daily had to face racism due to his mixed heritage. He was bright and engaging, Lily thought, with a good career ahead of him, as he had told her he wanted to be a social worker. She was a teaching aide at the high school and helped those, for whatever reason, struggled with the demands of education. Isaac had come under her care as he was dyslexic, but this last year he had improved so much he really didn’t need her help anymore, or so she thought.
Isaac decided that he did need her. His confidence was not at the level Lily thought, and he worried that he would choke when it came to exam time. His parents were not academic and due to the subjects that he had chosen, they could not help him. His mum and stepdad had another five kids to deal with, as his current family set up was, two broken homes trying to become one family.
His stepdad, Morris, was English and white, had two boys, aged nine and twelve. Isaacs’s real dad was Jamaican; he was as black as coal, and as big as a bus. His mum, Issy, short for Isabelle, was of mixed heritage to say the least, fifty percent African, twenty-five percent French and English, respectively. She had three kids, of whom Isaac was the eldest at fifteen, and his two sisters’ were thirteen and ten. His mum and dad had split up and had now been divorced for over five years, because of his dad’s drinking and gambling. Isaac hadn’t seen him once, in over five years, since his mother had kicked him out.
Now his mum and stepdad had produced yet another baby, a little girl only 9 months old. Isaac doted on her and swore to himself when it was time for him to be a parent he would be a good dad, no drinking, no gambling, and no other women. When he fell in love that would be it for him, it was his dream next to being a social worker - he wanted a family.
Lily was nearing 35 when she worked at the school Isaac was at and she had no family of her own. Her mother and father were both dead having been killed by a bomb during the IRA conflict in Ireland where she was born. She was taken in by an aunt of advanced years, who she cared for until the day she passed away, at ninety years of age. It had taken the old hag nearly another twenty years plus to die of old age in her own bed. She hadn’t been the easiest of people to get along with but Lily was not a confrontational person, rather meek and mild, seeking the easy way out of any argument just to keep the peace.
Her aunt must have appreciated her more than she thought as in her last will and testament she left her the house and a considerable amount of money as well. The world was now at Lily’s beck and call and she chose to travel for a while, alone, as she never met anyone when in her role of caretaker for her aunt, and now she thought it was too late. Any prospects had long run for the hills, though when some found out about her inheritance they reached out to her, but she sent them packing - she wasn’t that naive.
Lily thought her child bearing years were behind her, and before becoming a teaching assistant she had toyed with the idea of becoming a foster parent but it was a nightmare of red tape and hoops to jump through, so she decided to apply for the job she now held and was good at it. Lily found she could engage with the teenagers and bring out the desire to learn, out of them. At the moment she had four ‘special’ kids as she called them, with a variety of complex needs but the day they left school, with a minimum four GCSE’s, was the day she celebrated for them. 
During exam time she would be extra busy making sure all her kids were ready, and took it upon herself to build up their confidence and even did some home tutoring, extra lessons which she gave freely. It was never about the money; she had piles of the green stuff. It was about helping these poor disadvantaged kids make the most out of their lives.
Isaac had asked for some extra lessons and Lily was pleased to do them for him. She had high hopes for Isaac, he could go places if he wanted, therefore Lily went the extra mile to get him all the information he would need to become his dream of working for social services.
In a way, both of them had the same ideals and view on life, seeing it from different sides of the same coin. They both had suffered due to their beliefs and skin colour, which prevented them getting to where they wanted to be. Isaac avoided the other black kids in school who were forever on at him to affiliate himself with a gang, which he didn’t and Lily was very proud he stuck up for his individuality and his desire to be more than a thug. In reality Isaac new his stepdad would beat the crap out of him for joining a gang.
Sometimes, no matter how hard you try to uphold your beliefs and try to do the right thing, fate or destiny sometimes places you in the wrong place, at the wrong time.
Isaac had gone to the local corner shop, ran by a nice family who came from India. Isaac thought it very ignorant as most of their customers would refer to them as the ‘Paki’ family. Isaac had been ordered out of his home late one evening, to fetch his stepdad his tobacco, and some milk and stamps for his mum. Mr Patel did not ID him even though he had just had his sixteenth birthday and had an id card, but Isaac was showing it him anyway. Just as Mr Patel was taking the cash from him, a group of four, mainly black teens, came charging in shouting for everyone to hit the ground, and one was waving some kind of gun around.
Mr Patel was still behind the counter and put his hands up, telling the gang he did not want any trouble, and he allowed one of the gang to go behind his counter and empty his till. Mr Patel new the ropes, it was better not to fight or call the coppers but let them get on with it, which he did. This particular gang obviously knew the ropes as they had timed their attack perfectly, it was near closing and his till was full.
Isaac had thrown himself down on the floor in front of the counter, where the gang leader who held the gun was standing right over him. The bloke said something like; “It’s cool man, stay down - we have no beef with a brother”, which made Isaac mad. He could not condone this behaviour and he had never been so frightened in all his life, but before he could talk himself out of it, he stood up quickly, falling against the dude with the gun, making him topple backwards onto the shelves behind him. They was a scuffle and the gun went off, Isaac wasn’t sure what had happened but the gun was now in his hands and Mr Patel had slumped to the floor - he had been shot.
The gang leader cursed and threatened Isaac saying he would ‘get his’, whatever that meant, and they left to the sound of sirens coming closer. There were security cameras in the shop that would hopefully show what had gone on. He put the gun on the counter and waited for the police to come.
Within ten minutes two police cars, with light flashing and sirens blaring, pulled up outside and took position, waiting for the armed officers to secure the scene. An ambulance pulled up and the paramedics followed the officers in. It was only a small shop but it was soon filled with the various policemen doing their jobs. Isaac had gone behind the counter to give first aid to Mr Patel. He was lucky it wasn’t serious, the bullet had clipped his upper arm, and Isaac applied pressure as he had learned on his St John’s ambulance first aid course 
The armed officer took the gun off the counter and asked Isaac what he had witnessed. Dutifully he gave the details of the hold up, how the gunman had stood behind him, waving the gun and threatening the shop owner. How he then stood up to avoid being shot and accidently knocked the gun man to the ground, the gun went off as he struggled to get it out of his hands, which he did, and then they all ran off with the money from the till and as many cigarettes, and bottles of booze they could manage. Mr Patel said Isaac had been a hero, whilst giving a statement to the police. Unfortunately, Mr Patel stated he didn’t see everything that happened, as it happened too fast, but Isaac had wrestled the gun out of the man’s hands, he had seen that - it was just an accident the gun had gone off.
The police wanted to know who the gang were, and was Isaac a member, perhaps the scout sent in to see if it was worth robbing. They seemed to ignore what Mr Patel was saying and Isaac was stupefied at their assumptions. They put handcuffs on him, read him his rights and shoved him into the back of a police car, as Mr Patel was put in an ambulance protesting the poor lad’s innocence.
At the police station Isaac was allowed his phone call, but he didn’t want to worry his mum, and give his stepdad ammunition he would use to turn his mum against him. He had made it very clear to Isaac he wanted him out of the house at the first sign of trouble, so he rang Lily, the only other adult he trusted.
Lily was there within fifteen minutes but she was informed, as she was not a relative and Isaac was over sixteen, she could not speak to him. What should she do? With some quick thinking, Lily asked the officer if it would make a difference as they were engaged, quickly removing a ring off her right hand onto the third finger of her left hand. She was given five minutes with Isaac who quickly told her the run of events and that he had been charged with being an accessory. Lily was horrified. Isaac would never do this or help others to commit a crime. “Why were there no other gang members in custody?” she had asked the duty Sargent. They were still investigating, she was told, and awaiting forensics.
The five minutes were soon up and the officer escorted her out. No matter how she tried they would not listen. The security cameras had caught the view of the gun in a hand, but no face and it captured Mr Patel with his hands in the air. There was no sign of Isaac until right on the edge of the screen, the wisp of smoke from the gun as the bullet winged Mr Patel. The next image was of two people in an indistinguishable struggle, and then Isaac, as clear as day, with the gun in his hands. The rest of the gang, knew how to stay out of the cameras range, ran out the door. 
As Isaac had told the police, he put the gun on the counter and went to give first aid to the terrified shopkeeper. It was an outrage, Isaac was charged with being an accessory and possession of a deadly weapon. Lily was shaken beyond belief at the policemen’s assumptions. She called Isaacs parents but only his mother came down to the station. She supported Lily’s statement that Isaac was not affiliated to any gang, but the police only had Isaac in custody and until he gave up the names of the other gang members, he would stay in custody.
Lily took Issy home, she could see that she was terrified and upset, but it wasn’t until she met Isaac’s stepdad that she realised she wasn’t just terrified for Isaac - but for herself. The big brute showed no concern and said he knew the lad would show his true ‘colours’ eventually – what a bigot. He then turned and asked why a bloody teacher was sticking her nose in and could she f’ off, out of his house. He then turned to Issy and asked where his tobacco was. Lily could see Isaac was not going to get any help from them.
A court appointed lawyer was assigned to Isaac and his case, but he more or less told the lad that as he was a first time offender, and as he stayed to help the shot man, he probably would get a timed served or suspended sentence and be released on a tag. Isaac was heartbroken and disillusioned with the British legal system. A record would mean his hopes of a career had gone up in smoke. He had never felt as alone as he did in that cell.
Lily could not give up on him, and she was surprised at the depth of feelings she had for him. She could not let him go down for this, and ruin the chances he deserved. She went to see Isaacs’s family and offered to pay for a well-known defence lawyer. Issy was grateful, she liked this teacher who had helped her son get over his dyslexia, and then coached him privately. She doubted he would have got this far without her help.
However, Morris saw things a little differently, he did not want the kid back as he was too clever for him, and tried constantly to drive a wedge between him and Issy. He challenged Lily’s reasoning, accusing her of being an interfering busybody and some words she could not repeat. He was truly a vile man. He said if she could afford a top-notch lawyer, she could afford to make his life easier by finding the little thief a home somewhere else. Issy tried to protest but Lily saw her flinch when Morris stood up, she would be glad to see Isaac move away from that bully. No wonder he was so keen on becoming a social worker, he had experiences, insider knowledge of what happens when a family falls apart.
The lawyer had successfully got the case kicked out of court, and had made sure that Isaac’s record was clean. It was a little fact which toppled the CPS case. The recordings from the security camera had shown a gun in a gloved hand, and then the gun being picked up by Isaac, in his bare hands. With the supporting evidence from the shopkeeper, Mr Patel, and Lily’s character reference, it was case dismissed.
Isaac took up Lily’s offer to live with her, with his mum’s approval. He now had his own room, something he had never had, and Lily had decorated it thoughtfully, buying all the furniture and items no teenager should be without.
Five years on and Isaac had indeed had the education that without Lily’s help he would never have had. He finished sixth form with three A’ level’s, and he had applied to go to university when Lily and Isaac’s relationship had blossomed into something else. After his eighteenth birthday; Isaac had surprised Lily with his declaration of love for her.
Lily was now forty years old and she had told herself over and over that having ‘those’ kind of feelings for an ex-pupil, and now her young lodger, were wrong, so very wrong. She had tried to bury her feelings, but now Isaac had told her he felt the same, she could no longer hide them. They both realised the world would view their relationship as inappropriate, but they were consenting adults now, so why should they hide their feelings?
Isaac told her how he had feelings for her when he was sixteen, when it was more of a crush and he knew it was wrong, but he had to be with her. He decided to be patient and would wait for the right time. Now he could tell Lily she was his strength and inspiration. When she helped him through the robbery case, and his family had turned away from him, he realised he truly loved her. Yet still, he had waited to be the right age, so no one could stop him from declaring his love.
Lily admitted to Isaac that her feelings for him initially, were professional as he was her pupil, and yes, she was fond of him, but the robbery had changed that for her too. She no longer saw him as a struggling student, but as the fine young man he had become, who had stood up for himself when the world had labelled him as something else. It had made her so angry back then, she felt protective of him, but it wasn’t until he spoke of moving away, to go to university that she realised her feelings had changed, and she could no longer look at him as a live in lodger. She loved him for the man he was, more than any other person she had ever had in her life. She couldn’t imagine a day without him.
They kept their relationship private but not secret. He had chosen to go to the nearest university that offered the degree he wanted, to enable him to fulfil his dream. They now lived as a couple, sharing the same bed, and wanted the same future. All his ‘uni’ friends knew he lived with an older woman, and when he bought any home for a study group, they all told Isaac how lucky he was.
Lily had no family to disagree with their relationship, but Isaac’s mother and particularly his step dad, did. Because of the age difference – not so much, because of his skin colour – no, but because she was rich. All they saw was how Isaac’s relationship was going to get them some of the green stuff, money in the bank.
Morris tried blackmailing them, and Lily said rather than drag the police into their relationship it would be better to give him what he wanted, so they handed over five thousand pounds. Isaac knew it would all go on booze, drugs and gambling, there would be nothing for his mum or his sibling’s. Morris had insisted on cash as well, as it needed to be invisible to the benefits agency, and he would lose his benefits. He really was a piece of work.
When Isaac finished his degree and had been employed in his hometown with social services, they announced to all, they were going to marry. All hell broke loose again and his stepdad, who had by then spent his last bit of cash, demanded more or he would go to the papers and discredit them, spinning some lie or other about what she had done to their precious son, taking him away from them, having sex underage, etc, etc. They would see how long Isaac could hold onto his precious job then.
This time Lily and Isaac refused to give in to his demands and told him to do whatever he wanted, but they held their breath as the date for the wedding came near. They invited Issy and his sister’s and stepbrothers but not the blackmailing Morris. It was a small, quiet ceremony at the registry office, and it had gone off without a hitch, and they held the reception at a restaurant which was popular for its Jamaican food.
During the reception Morris turned up drunk, looking for trouble, demanding more money or his friend from the press would come with a photographer, and their sordid affair would be all over the news. He was surprised to be confronted by Isaac’s true father, Jerimiah, who Lily had helped Isaac find, and had flown him over from Jamaica for the wedding. He was still an impressive, large presence for his age, and soon had the blackmailing Morris out onto the street, into the hands of a waiting police car. 
Isaac was glad of the opportunity to rekindle his relationship with his dad, and they had planned to fly back to Jamaica with him for their honeymoon. All in all, the wedding was one of the best days of his life, he told Lily later in their bridal suite. Actually, it was no hotel suite but their bedroom that Isaac had thoughtfully decorated with candles, red rose petals, incense, and champagne on ice. He also put a box of Lily’s favourite chocolates, fresh strawberries and the clotted cream they both liked. She had to agree; even with the ‘entertainment’ it had been all she had ever dreamed of, and thought she was never going to have.
Life soon settled back into a normal routine when they returned home, totally blissed out and relaxed. Isaac returned to work and Lily returned to her job as a teaching assistant. It was a joke between them that she was to keep her hands off her pupils, as Isaac would say, and she would reply that she would never exchange him for a younger model.
It never occurred to either of them to broach the subject of children of their own as Lily had said to Isaac she was past all of that, she was too old and doubted she could conceive. They talked about adoption and fostering, and agreed that this big house they rattled around in deserved to have a family within its walls.
One evening, Lily pulled out all the stops and cooked up a celebratory feast for them. When Isaac returned home he found his wife dressed to the nines, waiting for him.
“What are we celebrating, Lily?” a worried Isaac asked after he greeted her with a kiss.
“Don’t worry, you have not forgotten anything. I have some news for us.” She said smiling and handed him an envelope. “Go on, open it!”
“Is this what I think it is?” he said staring at it as if it contained the end of the world.
Isaac read over the letter carefully, his face becoming more and more animated. “We have been approved!”
“Yes, it’s so exciting Isaac, I can’t wait to get started.”
“It was touch and go there for a moment, Lily, but now we get to be parents to lots of children.”
The letter had confirmed their application to turn Lily’s big house into a foster home for children with special needs. All the building work altering the house to make it safe and conform to regulations had been completed. They were still waiting for the planning application to be approved for the extension, which would be a new kitchen, and laundry facilities, plus extra bedrooms upstairs. They had already converted and moved in to the large attic which was now their own private apartment, with a beautiful bathroom and walk-in wardrobe.
After all they had been through, facing bigots, people who had to have an opinion on their relationship, his family whose constant badgering nearly split them up, but it backfired on all those who said it would never last, that their relationship would never be accepted but now, with their home, having been approved as a children’s home, they felt it was proof enough that their love was genuine and not just a sordid, sexual affair. They were going to be a family and both of them knew in their hearts they would be better parents because of what they had experienced and all the children who came to live with them would never have to suffer as they had. All they would know is love and laughter.

* * * * *


So there we have our forth couple who had to deal with so much but managed to have a loving relationship and found a different way to have a family of their own. It seems love conquers all - or does it?
Our fifth couple are a sign of modern times and more liberal thinking. Finley and Sebastian Key-Martin are a same sex marriage and have been together for over seventeen years. They met at university when Finley had just begun his degree and Sebastian had begun his master’s. Sebastian was an out and out gay, with a flair for the dramatics, very stereotype, flamboyant and colourful, where Finley had kept his sexual preferences under lock and key. His parents would be horrified and judgmental, to say the least.
Finley’s father was an Admiral in the Royal Navy and his mother was a Methodist lay preacher, therefore Finley’s upbringing was strict. As an only child he bore all the hope of his mother as regards grandchildren, and his father wish for him to sign up and follow in his three generational family legacy of being in the Navy. Finlay new this was never going to happen. You cannot be gay and a sailor - it was too cliché to say the least.
His mother supported his desire to go to university before signing up as long as it wasn’t too far away.  was lucky to have the grades needed to go to Oxford, a short journey of thirty-five miles from his home. It satisfied his mother’s need to constantly look after him and be at her beck and call.
He had decided on a degree course in the history of Art and Literature, which his father did not approve of and could not see helping him in his navy career. Even he bowed down to his wife’s decisions, especially when she was adamant, stubborn and downright bossy. She would have made a fine Navy Admiral, unlike his son who showed no back bone at all. The lad was a wimp.
For Sebastian, his family life could not have been more different. He was born and raised in America, in Los Angeles. His parents were both lawyers and had impressive careers; his father had retired from his firm to concentrate on his political dream of becoming governor. His mother had a brilliant career and was now on the bench as a judge. Sebastian had three sisters and they were all raised by the same nanny, Sally Murphy, who stayed on when they no longer need her as his mum’s PA.
Sally had been his best ally when he revealed his sexual preference. He ‘came out’ at fourteen to his family, but they already had their suspicions. His dad tried to blame it on being around too many females and their raging hormones. As for his political career, they had to have transparency – no skeletons in the closet, therefore Sebastian grew up with acceptance of his sexuality.
It was a different story at high school but he weathered the storm of ignorance, and eventually he was accepted by most, as the colourful character he was. There were a few red necks who would give him hell if he crossed their paths, so he did his best to avoid them. After a few beatings he took matters into his own hands and learned to defend himself, quite expertly with the martial art, Jujitsu, which he became very proficient in and it added a hidden depth to his already larger than life personality.
Sebastian decided that he wanted to study English literature with a second in history and the best place to do that was in a country that had an extensive history and English was there language. He applied for a place at Oxford University in England because of its historical reputation. When he was accepted it was a day for celebration, even though his Mother and sisters realised they would lose him to all the history and art he loved so much. He would bury himself in the culture and atmosphere of such a celebrated place, and they couldn’t see him leaving it – ever. His family loved him enough to let him go and have the life he wanted.
Fin and Sebastian’s relationship began one night at an elegant reception at a new art studio, who were raising funds for the men who fought bravely in Afghanistan. American and British alike, to help them cope with the emotional aftermath and settle back into society. Post-traumatic stress disorder was the main infliction on these young men and women, who had been thrust into the frontline of this conflict. Many had no experience of life in a war torn country, from their safe comfortable existence back home. The shock and horror of treacherous fighting in the dog eat dog war was something they were unprepared for.
Sebastian had a sister in the Infantry division on the frontline and worried for her daily.  had his father in the Royal Navy, but he was safe behind a desk now-a-days. They had struck up a conversation that lasted into the night and beyond. For it was a relief to be able to express his sexuality without the scrutiny of his family, and Sebastian was everything he had ever desired. From day one they became inseparable and in no time they were living together in Oxford. 
They bought a big two bed apartment, in an old Victorian house which had been converted into apartments, fully modernised and decorated stylishly. They had the top apartment, which was tiring on the legs, going up three staircases, but the view paid for it all. What had attracted them to this particular building was the roof terrace, which they filled with pot plants, modern outdoor seating, and their biggest indulgence to date, a Jacuzzi.
As they were both history buff’s this home was just right for them, and Sebastian had put his flair for the dramatic all over their house with bright bold wallpaper and lots of designer touches. Finlay was more practical and loved all the new technologies coming out, so they had a massive American style fridge freezer, which not only dropped ice cubes into their drinks but would also, inform them when they were out of milk! It was one of many gadgets Fin installed.
For them, their relationship was perfect but in England they were still unable to marry, even though it looked like that may change in the future. Sebastian had proposed and Finlay had accepted and they flew to LA to tie the knot. Sebastian’s family held and paid for the extravagant wedding, which made the news channels in the US, but back in the UK it did not get a mention for which he sighed with relief. His parents had not been invited and still did not know about his relationship with Sebastian. He felt they may have suspicions, especially his mother – but nothing was ever said by either party.
After a beautiful honeymoon in Ibiza, the newlyweds returned to Oxford and their life of academia. When Sebastian had finished his master’s he had another proposal for Fin. He wanted a baby. It wasn’t that much of a shock to him, as they had talked about the prospect of children, either to adopt or a surrogate perhaps.
 Fin had decided not to do his masters, as he had been offered a well-paid job at a prestigious Art gallery, in acquisitions. Sebastian had been broody for a while, and as his career was in writing, mainly freelance pieces for various businesses, it was a position he could do around having a child. The time was right they decided - but which way should they go?
In England, same sex relationships did not hold much sway with adoption agencies and surrogacy was still underground and kept private. In the US there were agencies who worked especially for couples in their situation. They had babies up for adoption from all around the world, like a candy store, every baby was different inside and out. Sebastian was excited and out of control when Fin said yes. It was all he could do to keep Sebastian getting carried away, buying all the baby items they would need, and decorating the second bedroom as a nursery.
Finley was beginning to realise he could no longer keep his relationship hidden from his parents. How could he explain about having a baby, from some third world country, never mind his gay husband? It was going to be difficult, in fact, explosive. His mum might get passed her want for a daughter in law and grandchildren, but his father? It was bad enough when he realised his son was never going into the navy to carry on the family tradition. This would more than likely cause him to have a heart attack or stroke.
Sebastian suggested they might handle it better if they came to their home, so they could see for themselves the lifestyle they had; how much they loved each other, and had so much to offer a child. Did it really matter where that child came from?  came up with an outrageous idea of taking one of their female friends to meet his parents, and pass her off as his pregnant girlfriend, but Sebastian sensibly talked him out of it. A relationship based on a lie would never work and it would be detrimental to bring a child into that. In the end they had no choice but to be honest, and let them make the decision whether to be in their lives, as loving parents and grandparents – or not. It was up to them.
The evening was arranged and Fin’s parents came to the very first invitation of dinner to meet his partner. His mum had been excited and kept pushing for details, but his father had suspicions and was not keen to have them confirmed. Sebastian had already told his family that Finley’s knew nothing about his life choice, and that’s why he had no one at their wedding other than close friends.
Sebastian’s mother did no more than offer to come over and support them, as she had now retired from the bench and always had time for her one and only son, gay or not. She hoped to make it for the meal and reveal, but if not she would be there soon after.
Sharp at seven, Fin’s parents knocked on the door after the three staircase climb, out of breath; with a bottle of expensive red wine from his father’s extensive collection and a bunch of very beautifully arranged flowers for his ‘girlfriend’ - as they assumed.  Fin led them into the large lounge, relieved them of their coats, and asked them to make themselves comfortable.
In the kitchen Sebastian was nervously fiddling with his neck tie. He had restricted his wardrobe from his usual statement clothes and chose an outfit which was a little more conformist – a pinned stripe suit in light grey, but with a highly coloured chiffon neck tie. 
“Mother, Father, welcome to our home - please sit.” Fin said, indicating to the dark brown, chesterfield settee.
“Finley…” his mother said, walking slowly around the room. “How lovely, this apartment is beautiful. I love how you have remodelled it, and you have kept the Victorian features. It is exquisite. Who did it for you?”
“We managed it ourselves. Father, Mother, what may I get you to drink?”
“Do you have a decent whiskey in the house?” his father, Gerald, said gruffly.
“Yes, I bought your usual, Glen Morangie.”
“That’ll be fine. Now where is this person you want us to meet? Why are they not present?” Typical of his father, always straight to the point, no need for conversation, polite or otherwise. His favourite saying to his son had always been ‘stick to the facts lad.’
“I’ll have a gin and tonic if you have any?” his mother, Margret, asked as Gerald had forgotten his wife’s drink, as usual.
“Ice and a slice?” Fin asked and a smile of recognition of this fact passed between them. He prepared the drinks and sat opposite them on the other sofa, across a heavy looking slate coffee table.
“I have something to tell you first before you meet my hu… partner”, Fin said stumbling over the last word.
“Well get on with it lad, I am starving son.” Gerald said, pulling his waistcoat over the ample midriff.
“Okay…” Fin took a big breath and started to reveal his lifelong secret. “Father, Mother, I have never had a girlfriend as a partner, they have always been friends. I have known since my teenage years that I am a homosexual.” He paused to let it sink in. He had done it, without any extra words, just the facts. The relief was overwhelming.
His mother and father looked at each other, a look that did not get past Fin.
“You knew didn’t you?” he asked.
“We suspected Fin,” his mum said, with a look of sadness, “but as you chose not to involve us in that side of your life, therefore your father and I decided to stay out of it.”
“Son, why could you not come to us and talk about it?” His father asked which kind of rocked Fin’s world - he had not expected that.
“I… thought you would, well, I mean - you were so vocal about same sex relationships, and I knew I was going to disappoint you both. I am sorry - I wasn’t cut out for the navy Father, gay or not, it wasn’t for me. I’m sorry if this hurt you both.”  Fin looked from his mother to his father, trying to gauge how this was going down.
“Finley, you are our only child and we love you. Admittedly… the more we didn’t question you about your life, the more we felt we did not have a right too. As long as you are happy and healthy, nothing else mattered.” His mum said her voice edged with trepidation. She came over to sit next to him, on the opposite chesterfield sofa, giving him one of the first big hugs he could remember since childhood.
“These are not my parents…” he thought. “Someone has replaced them.”
“I’d like to say my piece now.” His father stood up and placed himself in front of the large ornate fireplace. “In my day, homosexuals were beaten and prosecuted. It was hidden from sight and considered a perversion and against God’s will. I understand that now, in this new century, the homosexual community is… what do they say Margret? Ah yes – ‘out and proud.’ I can’t say it sits well with me, but I am not going to disown you, son, if that is what you thought, or cut you off. I am very sorry Finley that you felt you could not come to us. You are our son and only child, all we want is your happiness.”
 Finley had years of tears and pent up emotions that tumbled out in one big breath, and he collapsed into the arms of his mother. They gave him time to gather himself and when he was calm, came the question he thought was going to be so hard. Now he did not dread them asking.
“Well son, are we to meet this young man?” his father asked in a jovial manner, coming around the back of the sofa and slapping him on his back, the only the way his father could show emotion.
“Yes, yes of course, he is waiting impatiently in the kitchen.”  Fin wiped his eyes, and left his parents talking, whilst he fetched Sebastian.
“Are you okay, Gerald?” his wife asked quietly.
“Well… it wasn’t anything we hadn’t already thought, Margret, but still a shock. Why did he feel he couldn’t come to us, do you think?”
“I don’t know Gerald, he has always been very private, thoughtful and I suppose, confused and frightened. Perhaps our decision of choosing the path of least resistance was wrong of us. We should have asked him years ago, instead of playing this waiting game.”
“Mm, Margret, right as always. I should have listened to you and then perhaps we wouldn’t have missed so much of his secret life.” At that moment Finley walked back into the room with Sebastian. He hoped that his parents would get over the shock that Sebastian is, on a first meeting.
“Mother, Father, I’d like to introduce you to my husband, Sebastian.”
Handshakes all round were not going to cut it and Sebastian greeted them with a kiss on each cheek and gave Fin’s mother a big hug. Even though he had restricted his clothing, he could not restrict his personality.
“I suppose these flowers are for you then, Sebastian.” Margret said passing over the beautiful arrangement. Fin had never seen his mother so entranced. In her line of work as a lay preacher, he thought she would have met tonnes of different people. Some were bound to have been gay.
“You are such a good looking man,” Margret continued talking to Seb. “I can see why my son is enthralled with you. The happiness and love you have with each other, has its own vibration. Did I hear correctly; you are married? How? Where? And where were our invites?”
“I’m sorry Mother, that is my fault, and it was my decision. I thought you would never approve, and as we could not marry here we went to Seb’s family in the US - it is legal there.”
“My apologises, to both of you.” Seb interjected “I should have insisted he gave you the chance to decide for yourselves - but he can be ‘sooo’ very stubborn.”
“Just like his father.” Margret replied, giving her husband a knowing look.
Gerald stood up and walked over to the man his son was married too, and faced him squarely, even though Sebastian towered over him with his six foot four, angular and thin body. “So this marriage is legal here?”
“No sir, not yet.” Seb answered respectfully.
“I see. And what kind of legal implications are there in a relationship like this?” Trust his father to bite the bullet and ask the awkward questions.
“Perhaps I may be able to help answer that…” Sebastian’s mother had entered the room quietly, and had been stood in the door way watching the conversation unnoticed.
“Hi, my name is Patty, short for Patricia and I am sorry my husband, Bernard, could not get away at short notice. But, as I am retired from the bench, I do have expertise in that area.”
“Good to meet you ma’am,” Gerald said respectively, shaking her hand. “So your family have known about this relationship how long exactly?”
“From the very beginning, we have always known our son was gay and have supported him in all his relationships. I’m afraid Fin was very insistent you should not find out. He was waiting for the right time, which of course, there never was one. So Sebastian had to work his magic on Fin and helped to give him the courage to open up to you, sir.”
Gerald would have normally cringed at this woman’s American drawl; from whatever state she came from. “Yes, yes, we have been very remiss in that area. Our apologies, Sebastian, to you and your family.”
“Thank you, sir, it means a lot to me. Dinner is ready to be served, so if you can follow me please. We decided, as it has been such good weather recently, to have our meal on the terrace. Please bring your drinks with you.” Everyone got up, drinks in hand and followed Sebastian as he, with his usual panache, showed them the rest of the apartment on the way to the stairs that led to the terrace.
It was late July and it was quite light still for eight o’ clock, and the terrace was at its height of beauty. Flowers spilled out of many hanging baskets as well as boxes and tubs. The table and chairs were set up on a raised area, a wooden decking with a pagoda overhead, which had white canvas sails, fluttering in the warm evening breeze. The dining table had been dressed to entertain royalty, and Margret was very impressed. They all sat down, with the view of Oxford and the university in the distance, the sun was setting slowly and the light changed to a rosy glow. The mixed, heavy perfume of the many flowers, all joined in the chorus to add to the evening’s enjoyment.
Fin could not be any happier in that precise moment, as he looked around his guests and at his husband. Seb had managed, as always, to enrapture his audience, wind them round his little finger with all his charm, intelligence and suave de vie.
Sebastian had thoughtfully arranged for hired help, with the serving of dinner. He had been a slave to the oven, choosing the menu and then cooking and worrying all day, so Fin had insisted he should be free to enjoy and entertain in the way only Seb could.
The conversation flowed freely and the topics were varied from politics to religion and back to relationship and family, as the group engaged with getting to know each other. There was humour and a serious conversation - Gerald had an in depth set of questions for Patty, about the legality of the marriage and what precautions had been taken over property and wealth, and any pre-nuptial documents that had been signed. It took an hour of what must have been tedious, talking until Gerald was satisfied his son was protected, and he was happy with all the decisions they had made on their own.
After desert they retired to the more comfortable black wicker furniture with stylish padded seating, which was set, squarely around a fire pit in the centre. Lots of twinkling lights had come on as the light faded, and candles had been lit giving off more perfume to add to the already heady scent.  Fin and Sebastian stood hand in hand in front of his parents, and for the third time today, they totally surprised them with their next revelation.
“Okay, I suppose I’ll begin,” Sebastian said mysteriously. “My husband and I have decided that now is the perfect time, and as everything has gone so well this evening, to tell you all…we are going to have a baby!” The end bit they had said together, hardily able to contain their exuberance.
A stunned silence later, both mothers jumped up and embraced their sons, but poor old Gerald sat with a dumbfounded look on his face. “What? What? How is that possible? Is it possible nowadays?” He said to thin air as no one was listening. “Excuse me!” he raised his voice to the attention grabbing tones he mustered as a naval admiral. “How is this possible?”
“Okay, I’m sorry sir…” Seb said, and went to sit next to him while Fin explained it to his mother. Patty already knew, of course, as she had drawn up the legal documents and helped with the selection of a surrogate, as this was the route they had decided to go for their first baby.
“We have chosen to have a surrogate, or we should say God chose her for us. That means a woman has agreed to have our baby. My mother has arranged it and Jackie is five months pregnant! You will be a grandparent by November, God willing.”
“Congratulations to you both.” Gerald said shaking their hands. Not only did he have a married gay son; he was going to be a grandparent. Today had not turned out like anything he could have anticipated.
The rest of the family had stopped to listen to Seb explaining how surrogacy worked. “Jackie is a cousin of mine on my mother’s side, and she had heard of our desire to become parents. She had a terrible life at the hands of her abusive father, her had mother had abandoned her; therefore, Jackie grew up alone having to deal with him. Of course, nobody in the family knew of the abuse until she ran away at fourteen. The family did look for her, but she had disappeared onto the streets of New York, as we now know.
She told us she lied about her age, and life from that day had consisted of one poorly paid job to the next; living in a room no bigger than a box, room for a single bed, a small wardrobe, and a kitchen unit. She had to use a shared bathroom with all the other dropouts and dubious characters, hanging on to survival by the thinnest of threads. Her life never improved, but got worse as she got behind on her rent. She lost the last job that she had had for six months, due to the fact her boss thought she should do other things for him, - sexual things. She had had enough of all that with her own father.
Jackie explained to us that it made her physically ill even thinking about sex. Unfortunately, she had bills to pay, so she took the very next job she was offered. It was as a bicycle courier, delivering small packages, which as you can imagine, turned out to be drugs.” Patty continued with the next bit.
“I came in to help here, as I had heard about her difficulty through the family grapevine, and that she was being charged with intent to supply. The poor girl was in a terrible state so I paid her bail and bought her home to LA. When a court date was set, I had a good lawyer in play and as it was Jackie’s first offence, the judge was lenient with his sentence, of time served. She was released into my cognisance; on the understanding Jackie would seek help for her growing drug habit. By the time she finished her treatment, Jackie was a new person, with a new calling – she had found God. It was around that time, after Seb and Fin’s marriage I told her about my gay son and his husband, who were thinking of having a baby with a surrogate. Jackie had said she didn’t need time to think about it, and offered herself as the surrogate.”
Fin took up the story. “Jackie had decided to become a nun and work for God and his mission, as a relief worker, and as Patty had been so supportive in getting Jackie clean, and her life back, she felt it was the least she could do - to have our baby for us. Due to Seb being a blood relation, we decided to use my sperm, and guess what! We were lucky to get pregnant first time.”
Seb’s stepped in to finish the longer than anticipated explanation. “Jackie has decided to stay in LA until the birth, and then will hand over the baby to us before she joins the convent she has chosen. It’s going to make family gatherings very different, to be sure, but at least our child will be blood related. But the next time I get to be the donor, right Fin!”
 “Right Seb, you can be mummy next time.” Everybody laughed. “Obviously, this was going to be a onetime offer, so we grabbed it and we are to be parents. I can’t wait!”
It was very late by the time this now united family took leave of each other. All had come away with new hope and love in their lives.  Fin appreciated it may not have gone so well if Seb’s mum hadn’t been there. She was a strong character and handled his father with charm and eloquence, not being intimidated by all his bluff and blunder attitude.


* * * * *


Ten years on Finlay and Sebastian are still living happily in Oxford with their expanded family. Jackie’s daughter, Abigail, was born on time and was bought up by her real father, Fin and her other father, Sebastian - who was also her uncle. Abigail was very proud of her mother, Jackie who was now a nun, and would see her when she was home on leave from her pastoral duties.
It was awkward sometimes to explain to others, so usually they didn’t bother, let them think what they want, Abigail would say to her Dad’s. They were very happy the way they were. Eventually Sebastian had his turn to be mummy with a British girl they knew, who was a lesbian and agreed to be their surrogate. She didn’t have a life partner and absolutely no desire to be a mother at that time, but she would like contact and agreed to be the child’s Aunt. This time they had a boy and they called him Neo, a nod to Fin’s favourite film, the Matrix. Two years later they adopted two more children, one from China, a girl of three years of age, and one from worn torn Nigeria, a young boy of twelve who had been tortured for being gay.
Sebastian’s and Finley’s marriage lasted longer than most ‘normal’ ones do, and their extended families were united and happy for them both. Theirs may not be the usual, legal heterosexual marriage, and their children were of different parentage and culture, but it was a happy and lasting union, a testament to unconditional love and acceptance.


* * * * *


There we have our five, very different couples. After all the struggles, secrets, and lies, the truth inevitably overcomes all problems, because that’s where love lies, in the truth of your heart. No matter what age, religion, race or sexual persuasion, if you have respect, faith and trust in your relationship, love will conquer all.
There is no more unconditional love than the love of a parent for its child we are told, but not everybody is a natural parent. For some, the feeling is never there and having a child for the sake of it, well it’s wrong. In an ideal world we support our children without question, because we love them and want the best for them, but life isn’t a fairy tale. Ideologies, politics, religion, peer-pressure, fashion, greed, power so on and so forth, all impact on our lives and guide the decisions we make.
When we start to live from a place of unconditional love and hold that in our hearts, in front of every decision or action we make, we will eventually, evolve into the best version of ourselves. People make mistakes; there is nothing perfect about being human. There is no simple quick fix for the problems faced, when in a relationship or when exiting one, but they are all valuable lessons. Having learned these lessons, it should make us a better; loving, open person, yet some people turn away from true love, preferring a shallower form, or a perverse form, which is abhorrent to those of us who consider ourselves as ‘normal’.
In this new century same sex relationships and now marriages, are accepted by us ‘norms’. Even those who are transgendered, born a girl, but knowing inside, for all their life - how wrong it feels, living a lie, wanting to be a boy, and vice versa. There are transsexuals with their strange and partially hidden lifestyles, due to the freedom of the press, television and the internet - we all know what a ‘lady boy’ is.
 
Autumn is now over and as we have walked with our five couples, through their tribulations, their very different lifestyles and partner choices, we have witnessed how life in general can affect a once loving couple, trying to keep it together. We have shared with them, their dilemma’s as they overcome the pitfalls that life can surprise us with.
Does it matter what sex we are? Or how we choose to live and handle our lives? Why is it that religion, politics, or even our choice of career, can be forced on us by family, or by tradition? Surely we are entitled to our own opinions and educational desires, in these enlightened times? Race, age, prejudice, bigotry, money, greed and power – why do any of those matter when you fall in love? They shouldn’t, but in the classroom of life, unfortunately, this is what our children are taught. Sometimes, it is intentional as the ‘powers that be’ perpetuate the divides between us. 
Whether you believe in a God, or just a higher power, or are even a total atheist - without true love in your heart, you are not a complete person. There will be a vacuum within you that will eat away your soul - it cannot live in a loveless body.

* * * * *

Note from Author.

As a mother myself, I was reminded of an incident with my daughter, when she was only four years old. It has always stuck with me. I had picked her up from nursery school when she said, “Mummy, one of the brown faced children keeps spitting at me - and he smells funny.”
Now, I was brought up to say it how it is, never hide an argument, or go to bed on one. I was encouraged not to hide my feelings, but to talk about them. So here is little girl, talking about brown faces and funny smells – what should I say? 
I asked her to point him out to me in the playground and I walked her over to the waiting parent, who was of Caribbean descent. Her child instantly stuck his tongue out at my daughter who was hiding behind me. I explained to the young mother what had happened, expressing I attributed no blame or wanted any punishment, I wanted the exact the opposite. 
You see it struck me, my child had never met another child from a different race, heritage and culture, and she had said it like it was – he had a brown face and smelt funny. How many of you have heard your kids say the same - or worse, say what they hear their parents say, and act like they do when around something they do not understand.
I asked the mother to come round for a coffee, with her children, so my daughter could be educated and not act from ignorance. I had to be tactful and was ashamed that I had not done this earlier with my other two daughters. My hometown is extremely multi-cultural and diverse in its population. For any child, who is to live in this climate of change, we have to educate them to be tolerant and accepting. That applies to both sides of the coin, to those who have settled in a foreign country, they too must educate themselves in the history and culture of their new home. As for religion, I think it is a personal choice and private unless you are amongst those of the same faith, and it should be kept that way, through all aspects of life.
We had our coffee, our children played and we answered any questions they had honestly. We became firm friends, and when her little boy scraped his knee on my back yard, my daughter came rushing in to tell us, and as concerned mothers we went out to see the damage ourselves. “But mummy… he is bleeding red stuff like me, but he is brown. Why hasn’t he got brown blood?” Kids say the funniest things – right?


* * * * *


Other books by this Author

Time Tells Tales

A Novel In Five Tales

Set in Ireland and England in the early 1900’s, covering a century, Time Tells Tales is a Novel in five parts or ‘Tales’. They explore the history of three families; their interconnected lives are intricately woven together by love, birth, death, and marriage. These lives are spiced up by religion, revenge, scandal, abuse, heartache and spiritual intervention.
The five Tales are told from different perspectives by the characters that drive this novel along to the surprising conclusion, spreading across time, space and dimensions, hence the title - Time Tells Tales.


* * * * *

Alfred’s Tale

Dead in a Ditch

Alfred of indeterminable age is lying at the bottom of an icy cold deep muddy ditch, where he is hidden by brambles and branches. He has been knocked into this desperate place by a hit and run driver on a lonely, unlit lane on the Staffordshire moorlands. He was drunk as a skunk and it was pitch black. He didn’t blame the driver for not stopping, why would they? He was one of life’s destitute wanderer’s, better for all if he was not found.
 He was sure that broken bones aside, this was going to be his last resting place. As this realisation hits home Alfred begins to review, play out the high and lows of his mostly misspent life, whilst his body succumbs to hypothermia, and finally death.
 What will he reveal? Will he be found? These and many more questions will be answered in this first novel by this new author, Stephanie Fletcher.
For sure, Time certainly has some Tales to Tell.


* * * * *

Catherine's Tale

Love, Loss, Lust, and Lies

This is the sequel to Tale One - Alfred's Tale, and tells the story from the perspective of Catherine, the love of Alfred's troubled life. Here we meet this young girl, Catherine, on the verge of womanhood, who has to deal with the unexpected death of her Mother under suspicious circumstances, and the fallout of her Father's grief and the interference of the Catholic Church.
Catherine is brought up a devout Roman Catholic living in a town called Puncheston, County of Kildare in Ireland, in the 1930's. Just as Catherine seems to be coming to terms with her loss, she suffers an unexpected attack on her person, raped by a trusted member of the family, a cousin older than her twelve years who makes this abhorrent, botched declaration of his love for her, resulting in uproar and more emotional outbursts.
We can live every moment with Catherine as we read from the pages of her Diary. She aspires to become a writer like Jane Austin, her heroine. We have access to her most private thoughts, written as she struggles to come to terms with all the devastating trials and tribulations that beset her. She describes her first love, a secret and forbidden, eventually giving into lust with Alfred, the apprentice butcher, who comes from a family of some disrepute. We continue with her as the consequences of their actions drive them far apart - forever.
What are these consequences? Will Catherine ever recover from the highs and lows of this emotional roller coaster? Will she recover from the loss, the lust, the love, and the lies? These and many more questions will be answered in this first novel by this new author, Stephanie Fletcher.
For sure, Time certainly has some Tales to Tell.
 


* * * * *

Theresa’s Tale
Forbidden Love 

Theresa's Tale is the third tale of this novel and tells of forbidden love. She is the illegitimate daughter of Catherine and Alfred, raised by catholic nuns in an orphanage in County Kerry where she was born, cruelly taken from her mother before she had chance to even glimpse her bastard child. 
Theresa is a troubled child who is bullied and beaten by the Nuns who see her as a child that is no good, scarred and useless. The local priest who is attached to the church and the orphanage plays a big part in keeping this child from knowing her heritage and her parents as it is only him, Joseph Bennett, who has all the answers to all the secrets and lies. 
We follow Theresa as she is moved from home to home coping with abuse, lack of love or any true affection and generally having miserable existence. Theresa runs away to England, to London, looking for her best friend from her last ‘home’ David, and she is dragged into the world of prostitution and drugs, her only way to survive on the streets. 
A familiar face, her childhood abuser, rescues her! Theresa is pulled into another world of paedophilia and child slavery. She slowly plans to exact her revenge on the devil incarnate while helping as many of the kids that he rescues in the name of God, to escape their horrible fate. Theresa does this with the help of Brian and Mary, a brother and sister who befriend her. It is with Brian she has her first glimpse of what true love could be, but she worries that Brian will not be able to love her, an abused physiologically damaged middle-aged woman with no experience of a real loving relationship.
In November 1999, just before the millennium, Theresa’s plans come to a violent conclusion but with an unexpected twist. This Tale presents us with many more questions and few answers to the ever more complicated lives of these characters in Time Tells Tales.
 Will Theresa ever find out who her real parents are? Why was she left in the hands of those cruel nuns? What is true love and why would anyone want to love her? Will Theresa ever escape the hands of her abuser and save her mortal soul? Will Brian get passed her damaged persona and love her truly? Will she live to find answers to these questions? These and many more questions will be answered in this first novel by this new author, Stephanie Fletcher. For sure, Time certainly has some Tales to Tell.


* * * * *

Jim’s Tale
Out of the Mouth of Babe’s

Set in 1994 in England, this Tale is about Jim Middleton and his wife Serena, nee Rooney, and younger sister to Alfred. Serena and Jim have one child, Paul, born in 1958, who meets June Bennett, legitimate daughter of Catherine Bennett, whilst at university and they marry in 1982. 
They have a gifted child, Angela, born 1989, Jim’s only grandchild who Serena got to hold, cruelly for a brief moment before her passing. Serena dies prematurely from bowel cancer at the age of 58. Jim comes to terms with his wife's sudden death by helping to care for five-year-old Angela whilst June is pregnant with their second child as it is a difficult pregnancy.
 Angela opens her Granddads eyes to possibilities he had never given much credence to, his scepticism about all things supernatural and spiritual. But his lack of belief or faith in an everlasting life after death is challenged by events and Angela helps him to cope with his grief, changing his whole outlook on life and death.
This Tale introduces a new family to this saga and opens us to new concepts, pushing the boundary of belief systems, sharing the struggle of a five-year-old girl and the trials and tribulations she has had to face in her short life. 
Will people begin to believe in her gift? Will she grow up bullied, tormented and hide her gift, never to help those who seek her help? These and many more questions will be answered in this first novel by this new author, Stephanie Fletcher.
For sure, Time certainly has some Tales to Tell.

* * * * *

Angela’s Tale
A Gift For All.

This is the final Tale, set in 2008, in both England and Ireland. This Tale is about Angela's special gift, and how she learns to use it. How it helps to brings to a conclusion to all the secrets, scandals and lies which intricately wove the lives of these three family histories together.  
Angela finally un-wraps the mystery that she had begun with her Granddad Jim, who sadly passed away, but Angela with her special insight and empathy made his passing memorable and peaceful as he returns to the arms of his loving wife.
Alfred's letter and journal’s came too late for Serena and Jim but with Angela's gift, she helps her family in ways no-one else can and they set out to solve the mystery of Catherine and Alfred's forbidden love and hopefully to find the lost child they never got to see.
As Angela is now a fully qualified a nurse as she feels her gift and her intuition is best used in the healing profession. Her most recent patient is a middle aged woman who was involved in a shooting and she was hit by a bullet which lodged near her temple in her brain. The woman had undergone surgery which was successful, but she was left in a coma for over ten years.
Angela gets messages and visions from her Grandparents, Jim and Serena, who help her find Catherine, her mother’s mother who she has never spoken about and finally revels to her family her past family life in Ireland. The evidence contained in Alfred’s journals and Catherine’s diary highlight the possibility that this woman in a coma might be related. Will they piece together who this woman is? Will she ever gain consciousness? Will Brian stand by her? Will Catherine survive the ravages of old age to finally hold her long lost daughter? 
These and many more questions will be answered in this first novel by this new author, Stephanie Fletcher. This is the final tale of a family reunited on both sides of the veil. Time has truly told a Tale.

* * * * *

Short Stories
Seasons of the Heart

These four short stories reveal to us the four stages of ‘LOVE’ throughout a year in the lives of four very different couples and their experience of love at a certain stage in life. 


* * * * *

Spring

Spring tells us of a first love, of puppy love, of a crush, and the ending of such love, as a person grows with experience and they learn more about their relationships. It shows us how, in all innocence, these fledgling relationships can crash and burn. We follow eight teenagers and go with them for an end of term party, at a local beauty spot, where it all goes horribly wrong.


* * * * *

Summer

Sally is twenty-four and disillusioned with her life and the daily grind on a road to nowhere with its many pitfalls. A chance meeting on a day that started out as grey as the rest, changes her life forever. Who does she meet? Can she really escape her tower block, warehouse city existence? Is it the summer sun that illuminates a different path to her soul? Can one day really make a difference? 

* * * * *
Autumn

The autumn of one’s life is the time we expect to have got everything together and now is the time to reap its rewards. The time where we have purchased a home, have a job that satisfies, and live with someone you love dearly. The kids have come and gone and together you expect to live a loving, healthy life, looking forward to retirement when you and your partner can sail off to a happy sunset. But for most of us - life is not like that.
Here we have five couples, all as different as they could be, facing dilemma’s they have to overcome. Will these relationships make it to the golden retirement? Or will they be ripped apart by problems that families have had to deal with for generations?


* * * * *
Winter


Betty woke up and turned to the empty side of the bed she had shared with Percy for the last twenty-seven years of marriage. There was still an indent in the mattress where he should have been laying alongside her, but it was cold and empty. She reached for his pillow and snuggled into it, breathing in his smell, she couldn’t bear to wash the pillowslip as yet. 
It had always been her fear, her nightmare that Percy would die in bed beside her, but instead he died three days after his seventieth birthday - in his beloved potting shed, his other home - his allotment. A quick final blast from his heart, bang! Over and out - Percy was no more.
 Winter takes us to a place that all couples fear - being the one left alive and alone, when their partner passes away. It is a sad but enlightening story which shows that true love never dies.


* * * * *

Where There is Light, There is Understanding.

Holly is struggling to keep her life together, juggling with grief and a new sixteen-day-old baby. Will history repeat itself? Can she cope or will she opt out like her own mother? This is a short story with a big lesson for those who are open enough to understand. 


* * * * *


My Poetry Collection

Family and Pets 

This is book one in a series of three different collections of poetry, all on different topics. Book one poems is about family, children, and pets. All are easy to read and well written. I hope you enjoy them.


* * * * *

Inspirational Poetry 

This is an Inspirational collection of Poems that I have written over the years, during good times and bad. I found that the writing of them helped to keep me sane and hopeful.
There are two with the same title; ‘Love begins with me’, as they are poems entered to an Invitational competition with that theme. 
In 2010, I came first, and in 2012 I had an honourable mention.
A few of the poems have been experimental in writing style, and the judgement of how successful I have been will lie with you, the reader- so enjoy!


* * * * *

This and That

A collection of poems written over the years which are varied in theme and style, from a trip up a Volcano to the depths of Insomnia, there is something for everyone. I hope you enjoy my journey in rhyme.


* * * * *



Biography


             I have a website for publishing my writing and poetry,  
 http://www.stephanie-fletcher.co.uk 
where you may sign up to my newsletter and check out my new books. There are some freebies on there as well, works I have not yet published.
Firstly, I am a Mother and best friend to three daughters. I truly love my life and every person who has ever touched it with unconditional love. I am grateful for all their support in my endeavours.
I started writing seriously after a traumatic event in my life that resulted in a nervous breakdown in 2008, I was 49. My physical and mental health suffered greatly, and now several years later, hand on heart, I can honestly say I am not the self-driven, compulsive perfectionist I was beforehand. I had a spiritual enlightenment, counselling, and time – lots of empty time. I could have quit - sank deeper into depression, but I didn't. 
I am lucky enough to have wonderful, caring, considerate family, who witnessed my decent into hell and back, they never left my side. I pulled myself up by my bootstraps and hit life head on again like the Taurean bull I am.
I have always written a journal and the days of staring into thin air became times of inspiration. At first I was scared to show others my work. The last thing I needed was criticism that cuts you to the soul but I needn't have worried. Only a few people gave me harsh critique that knocked my self-confidence. 
Eventually, I began to grow as a writer. I did a creative writing course and gained a certificate in counselling skills. I read a lot, anything, and everything, and I take notes everywhere, for use later in my work. I collect idioms, sayings, and inspirational quotes that help me with my writing. I like to do my original work in longhand so I have a lot of A5 notebooks needing attention. Writing is never dull or a job, I enjoy every day I spend writing and often surprise myself at what comes out.
 I have now finished my first Novel, called ‘Time Tells Tales’, available in print or digital format, from all good retailer’s. Set in Ireland and England in the early 1900’s, covering a century, Time Tells Tales is a Novel in five parts or ‘Tales’. They explore the history of three families; their interconnected lives are intricately woven together by love, birth, death, and marriage. These lives are spiced up with religion, revenge, scandal, abuse, heartache, and spiritual intervention. The five Tales are told from different perspectives by the characters that drive this novel along to the surprising conclusion, spreading across time, space, and dimensions, hence the title - Time Tells Tales.
 I have a collection of short stories called ‘Seasons of the Heart.’ The four seasons reveal to us the four stages of love throughout a year, in the lives of very different couples and their experiences of love at a certain stage. But, of course, love never runs smoothly as my characters find out. They are not your typical slushy, rose-tinted glasses kind of stories, but more realistic, showing us that love doesn’t run smooth, there are many pitfalls and hills to climb before we get our happy ever after, even then life throws us spanner’s and hammer’s. 
On my website there are more stories and poems published that you will find nowhere else and they are all free to read! I welcome your feedback, reviews on all my efforts and would love to engage with my readers, so please sign up and keep in contact with my work in progress, new ideas, and dates of release of any new books. I will publish in a newsletter via email. Next year I hope to begin a UK book tour and will have signed copies to give away so watch this space!
Thank you for taking time to read my bio, keep on reading! 
Your friend, Stephanie.


Connect With Me Online:

Email: stephanie-fletcher@sky.com

Website: http://stephanie-fletcher.co.uk
Amazon Author Page: http://www.amazon.co.uk/stephanie-fletcher/e/B00EZ3NWZS/ref=ntt_athr_dp_pel_pop_1
Twitter: http://twitter.com/safletcher59
Facebook: http://facebook.com/angelstar59
Smashwords: http://smashwords.com/profile/view/angelstar59
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/978767.Stephanie_Fletcher
LinkedIn: http://uk.linkedin.com/pub/stephanie-fletcher/4b/937/a10/





