Second Chances
By
Ian Macdonald
***
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition
***
Smashwords Edition License Notes

Thank you for downloading this e-Book. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
***
A few long time girlfriends attend a class reunion and reminisce about their antics in High School and the challenges in life they had overcome since. Many of them had been given second chances, others were now about to get theirs. They had been wild and spirited nymphs back then, but now they were respectable and accomplished women and they wished  to maintain and protect their current reputations. Some of their former activities however could provide a powder keg for this reunion and in some cases some of their current activities could do also. This reunion could be explosive – but would anyone dare to light the fuse? It was no wonder that tickets to this event were sold out long ago.
***
All characters in this book are fictional. Should there be any similarity to persons living or deceased they are purely coincidental and unintentional.

Acknowledgements
***

Cover Designer”
Rita Toews

***
Cover Page : photo credit: <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/austinrobbins/2947712153/">ceylon studios</a> via <a href="http://photopin.com">photopin</a> <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/">cc</a>
Table of Contents
***

Chapter One – Penny’s Homecoming
Chapter Two – Classmates 
Chapter Three – Anxiety
Chapter four – Secrets
Chapter five – Reunion Dinner
Chapter Six – Betty & Alice
Chapter Seven – Lunch Stories
Chapter Eight – Marriage Breakup
Chapter Nine – The Partnership
Chapter Ten – Alice Shines
Chapter Eleven – The Wedding Dress
Chapter Twelve – The Wedding
Chapter Thirteen – Christmas
Chapter Fourteen – Kim
Chapter Fifteen – Brian’s Lapse
Chapter Sixteen – Tom’s Epiphany
Chapter Seventeen – Claire
Chapter Eighteen – Brenda
Chapter Nineteen – Marilyn
Chapter Twenty – Tom’s Colleagues
Chapter twenty One – Tom’s Wedding
Chapter Twenty Two – Thanksgiving Joy

Second Chances
Chapter One
***
Penny Mason had grown up in Markton and it was only after university that she had moved away to the big city. It was there that she had made her fame and fortune. Markton however is where all of her early memories where and all of her childhood experiences. She had lots to remember in that regard, both good and bad. Her high school days had been particularly eventful, but then they were for most of us I would imagine. It was those high school days that were now causing Penny some discomfort. The school was having a class reunion for her graduating class of 1985. It was to celebrate the 25th anniversary of that day they had all left high school to continue on with the rest of their lives. Penny had been asked to speak to the group. She was the obvious choice given her celebrity as an internationally renowned author and she was also highly regarded within the town too. She was after all the local girl who had made it big time in the city and also on the international stage. Parents would point to her success in guiding their children and letting them know what could be achieved by hard work and devotion to their studies. She was a shining example of what could be accomplished if one applied oneself and the townspeople lauded her achievements and ensured their kids got the message too. They were all looking forward to seeing Penny at the reunion.
Penny on the other hand had her own reservations about attending this celebration and was in fact quite apprehensive about appearing at this function. She knew she had little choice in the matter, but like everyone else, she had made her share of mistakes in High School. The question she was asking herself was – would some of these transgressions now come back to bite her. The young girl of her youth was a much different person today and certainly a far wiser one. The woman that would be addressing the auditorium was a respected internationally famous author. Twenty five years ago things were very different and there would be many people present that night that would be very well aware of it too. Although she was highly regarded by most people, there was one or two who would definitely not be on the same page.  The question was would they be in attendance and if so would they cause trouble by digging up the past?
***
Brett Stark had also read about the upcoming reunion in the local paper and he had given it little thought. At least he hadn’t until he saw who the keynote speaker was. That cemented his attendance right then and there. He was now a successful contractor with his own large construction company and he was doing very well. In his High School days he could never have been accused of stellar academic achievement. He was a sports fanatic and very interested in girls. His interest in anatomy however did not have an element of scientific study attached to it, despite his diligent pursuit and search for knowledge in that area. He was a likeable rogue and the boy girl’s mothers told their daughters to stay away from. That of course intensified his magnetic appeal on the spot – and it needed very little enhancement believe me. He was a sports star, had film star looks and an underwear model physique. He did not suffer from loneliness back then; he was a very popular boy.  Oh Yes, Brett stark had it all going for him.
 He had helped a friend in his contracting business when he left school in order for him to learn the ropes and now he had his own firm. However, times had not always been easy for Brett. He had paid his dues and everyone in town respected him for it. He was known now for his honesty and reliability and his accuracy in the job quotes he gave to his clients. Like Penny, Brett had reservations about attending this function also. Twenty five years ago he was a very different person too.  He was a self-assured football star, popular with the girls and faithful to none of them. He had been cavalier in his attitude towards them and broken many hearts. The fact that he regretted that now was academic, the damage had been done and perhaps some could not forget it and certainly not forgive it. Twenty five years is a long time to hold a grudge or in fact remember some transgression that carries little significance in today’s world. That’s as maybe, but here in Markton those memories to some people are as clear as if that happened yesterday. Elephants have good memories people tell us. Compared to some of Markton’s residents they are absent minded by comparison. Knowing some juicy tid bit and broadcasting it to the world are two completely different things. Then there was the question about people living in glass houses, and some were very well aware of that issue too.  Oh Yes, people certainly did have cause to be apprehensive about attending this function, it could well be a powder keg. The question was, “would anyone light the fuse?” Was it any wonder that tickets to this event were sold out long ago?
Penny had left Markton to go to university and after earning her degree in journalism had travelled around the globe as a reporter. She had done this for five or six years before she came back and settled down. During her travels she had seen many sights that she would rather forget, but it had made her who she was today. She had married a fellow journalist early in her twenties, but that didn’t last and she soon divorced him. Irreconcilable differences were cited as the reason. She had remarried at thirty three to a Dr. Tom Forrest, a cardiologist in one of the city’s hospitals and now had two children a boy aged six and a girl aged four. Along the way she had decided to write a novel and it became a best seller. The two others she had written failed to make the grade, but subsequent efforts certainly did and she was world famous now. Her husband, however, was not entirely comfortable with his wife’s celebrity. The idea that his wife had more public recognition and social prestige was a constant source of irritation for him and her income just added insult to injury. These resentments had a detrimental effect on the marriage and only the children were keeping them together now. Effectively they lead their own lives, but each respected the professional status of the other and would not compromise that with inappropriate behavior. Within their home however, her husband was less accommodating and he growled at Penny all the time. Those assaults were verbal not physical, but mental assaults can be just as painful if not worse at times. Those scars take a long time to heal, far longer than the physical ones. The children knew enough to run and hide when Daddy was in a bad mood. They loved their dad though. When he was in a good mood he was a very good father and played endlessly with the children and did all the things dads do. It was only when he was mad that he would go off the rails. Then he would lash out at Penny and call her all the names in the book and throw her past life in her face. He had no evidence of her past life, only his suspicions, but that was enough for him. He certainly had a fertile imagination. If she had not been a virgin when he married her then she had to have been a slut and slept with everyone and his brother before he came along. He was not a reasonable human being when he was in such a foul mood and this was becoming a more frequent event lately. Thankfully he had declined to attend this reunion, although Penny suspected her had his own reasons for that.
The excitement on Sycamore Lane was now beginning to build. This was the Mason family’s home address. Her younger sister Cindy Tyler was really looking forward to her big sister’s return to Markton. Cindy was married to Eric Tyler and also had two children. Eric was an auto mechanic by trade but he now owned his own repair shop and employed four mechanics. They were not rich, but they were comfortable, and so were her parents who lived across the street in the family home. Eric was a good man and he loved his wife and children and they in turn adored him. Cindy worked the cash register in the local supermarket five days a week and as a consequence knew most folks in town. Those checkout lines at a supermarket transmitted gossip faster than Western Union ever could. If it happened in town, it would be discussed in the checkout line. Cindy heard far more juicy gossip in that line than the traditional tabloid magazines sold in the same line. You Know! The trashy ones that nobody reads, but they are always sold out of. Cindy could write a book about what she heard and if she did, the reader would need to keep a fire extinguisher nearby – those stories were volcanic to say the least, the torrid affairs, the secret abortions, who said what about whom, and who saw who doing what, where, and with whom? Peyton Place was tame compared to Markton if you listened to this. The trouble was of course, that there was a certain amount of truth to some of it. Those stories were always qualified by: “Now I can’t say for certain but” ……… They became gospel immediately; such is life in small towns with inquisitive minds. High schools are equally good at spreading false and malicious gossip. Jealousies are quite often behind these vicious rumors and are designed to hurt and mortally wound reputations. Girls who spoiled other girl’s chances with a boy were certainly targets and rumors took hold pretty quickly. The boys of course would claim things simply to enhance their stud qualifications and in doing so trash a girl’s reputation. It is not easily restored once it’s out there that you are less than chaste. How much less is of no consequence. However, twenty five years later these high school peccadilloes should be forgotten and for the most part they would be. People had moved on with their lives and were no longer the wild kids they all attended school with. This fact would soon be made clear to them all as most had lost touch with each other since then.
***
Wayne Grubb and his wife Roxy were an altogether different matter. Both were high school drop-outs and with plenty of axes to grind. Wayne had fallen afoul of the law on many occasions. He was a minor criminal really and most of his crimes were theft related, petty larceny, burglary that sort of thing. He had been a guest of the state on numerous occasions. Currently he appeared to be going straight and had a steady job in an auto junk yard sorting parts. His wife Roxy was an Exotic Entertainment Artiste, and was the featured act at the local “Gentleman’s Leisure Lounge”. In other words she was a pole dancer at a strip club. Needless to say their social prestige was hardly up there with the elite of Markton. They did however attend high school, well in the early years anyway and they were even hanging around a little later too; selling drugs etc. Yes, these people could shatter a few images should they decide to open their mouths. These two mixed with some very unsavory people, bikers and the like and were avoided like the plague by everyone with an ounce of common sense.
The Sword and Dragon gentleman’s club was on the outskirts of town, and for good reason. Its patrons were for the most part the less savory elements of the town. It was a hot bed of criminal activity and lascivious behaviour. It certainly made a lot of money though. The waitresses, (for want of a better word) also performed on the stage, though not in an accepted theatrical sense. They would dance (If that is what one calls dancing) for money. They were in fact strippers, but then one has to wear items to strip off. In their case they started with precious little in the first place. They would also perform individual performances at a gentleman’s table for that little extra. The more money offered the fewer clothes she would wear. As I mentioned earlier, a lot of money changed hands in that establishment. In high school however, Wayne’s bad boy image brought him some female attention. He had had his share of virgins too, some the police would be interested in talking to him about if only they knew. Some of them would be attending the reunion, with their husbands and families. Being re-acquainted with Wayne Grubb was not something they wished to face, either now or ever again. That possibility was cause for concern, especially for Mary Marsh.
Mary had been a wild child in high school. She was up to all kinds of mischief. There was just her and her mom. Her mom had to work constantly to keep food on the table and this left Mary alone most of the time. There would be parties in her house, booze would be consumed and the odd drug taken here and there. It was all happening in Mary’s house back then. If you dropped in to one of those orgies, and that is exactly what they were, you would be tripping over bodies. All the girls were supposedly sleeping over at a girlfriend’s house; the guys had gone camping with a buddy.
The parents would have freaked had they known just what was going on here. Wayne Grubb supplied most of the drugs, but not the real heavy and addictive variety. All of these pharmaceutical enhancements were designed to lessen the resistance of the girls when the guys took them to bed. The girls were not exactly kicking and screaming about that prospect either. They knew what was coming and they were there willingly. None of them thought that they were attending a convent tea party. Wayne was a likeable rogue and because of his image as a bad boy he held a certain fascination for the girls. Like Brett Stark, he was seldom short of female companionship because of it. Wayne had been with many of the girls back then; he had been a very naughty boy and encouraged them to become naughty girls also, something that they were more than willing to do. Curiosity had gotten the better of them but fortunately none of them ever got pregnant. However, that was who they were then. Today those young girls were mature women as well as being wives and mothers. Those wild raucous parties by the lake were a thing of the past – as was their behaviour. Some of the antics and numerous activities that had gone on during those wild romps were things best left as memories and certainly not to be discussed at the reunion. Most people would respect that –Wayne and Roxy probably would not. They had axes to grind, along with one or two other people too and this could be a problem. It was this sort of thing that was causing considerable anxiety in many of the attendees. The potential for embarrassment was there all right – but would anyone bring it to light? Not having an answer to that question weighed heavily on their minds - Mary Marsh being one such person. She had been a wild child back then and full of devilment. She had dated Wayne too for a while, so you can imagine what that would do for her reputation. Today Mary is a highly respected lawyer and on the fast track to becoming a judge. She has a stellar reputation within the town for her charity work in helping disadvantaged youth and in the legal community for her steel trap mind and her encyclopaedic knowledge of the law. Mary did not need anyone throwing a grenade into her life at this point and neither did anyone else for that matter.
***
There were two hotels nearby, the Hilton and the Holiday Inn and both had been fully booked for some time. All the out of town members of the class of ’85 had registered well in advance. The list of attendees had been posted in the high school itself and in the local supermarket on the notice board. More than a few eyebrows had been raised when they looked at some of the names on that list. It was incomprehensible to some that certain people would dare to show up. Their experience in high school was traumatic, why would they revisit the place now?
People like Cathy Miller for example; she had been a social leper in high school, why would she be coming? Buddy Downs was another social misfit, yet he too was attending. Their high school days had been a disaster for both of them. They had been subjected to ridicule, practical jokes, and absolute cruelty. They must be sadists was the conclusion many had arrived at. That was an incorrect conclusion as they would find out later. High school had been a lot of fun for some and a total nightmare for others and now after twenty five years they were going to be together once more. This reunion would be a minefield of imponderables for a great many people. Valium would be packed in most suitcases by class members in order to handle the stress of attending this event. It could be a nightmare, or a blessing, but which and for whom? That was the burning question.
Chapter Two
***
The high school was abuzz with the weekend’s reunion event. After all it wasn’t every day that one had an internationally famous personality visit Markton and even less a homegrown one. The school gymnasium had been decked out with bunting, the school band had been brushing up on the repertoire of music and a marquee had been set up outside on the sports field for the dinner which was being catered. The organizing committee was, as one might expect, rather anxious in making sure every little detail was taken care of. Betty Driver was in charge of that. 
“Blanche have you got the seating list?” asked Betty.
“Yes I do it’s on the table next to the stage”
“That’s good, thanks, Oh my! We will have to switch them”
“Switch who?” asked Blanche Hunt,
“We can’t have Emily Bishop next to Ivy Tilley, they would kill each other.”
“Why, what is all that about”?
“Oh they both had a thing for Alan Garth and it got ugly. They were both calling each other names and saying nasty things. Emily told everyone that Ivy had VD”
“Oh my God, I never hear about that. How could anyone be so nasty as to say a thing like that?” 
“Well it was pretty intense back then and fighting over boys was almost a local sport. Those two never did bury the hatchet – and even today they wouldn’t consider it –unless of course it was in each other’s head. That they probably would consider.
“Yes I think separate tables would probably be a good idea” said Blanche.
“Are there any other couples seated at tables where past relationships could pose a problem. If the new wives and husbands did not attend our school back then, that should not be an issue – but if they did, and their spouses knew about such relationships that could be awkward.”
“No I have checked the whole list and I can’t see any other potential issues, the table seating seems to be trouble free. 
 “I don’t remember you dating much back than Blanche, or were you one of the quiet ones?”
“I had my moments, Betty.”
“Oh I’m sure you did, but I recall names such as a tease or the ice queen being thrown in your direction.”
Blanche just smiled demurely at that as she remembered those names as vividly as if they were yesterday.
“Well I considered it preferable to being considered easy or worse, the “class bike”. I thought it better to be considered as pure as driven snow instead.”
“I am getting the impression now that that may be a stretch, Blanche. I’m picking up vibes that suggest that you were something a little short of pure white snow.”
“Yes well, I am not going to get into that right now. Let’s just say I enjoyed my time in High School and that I learned one or two things other than academics and leave it at that.”
“Blanche Hunt, I am shocked, you were not a virgin when you left High School. Now that is definitely one for the year book.”
Both women laughed at that remark.
“Do you think Wayne Grubb will show up for this reunion, Betty?
“I very much doubt it and even if he did he wouldn’t bring his wife – there’s no pole for her.”
“Meow” said Blanche and they both giggled.
***
The reunion itself was more than just the evening’s event. The sports field was also going to be used. A soccer game had been arranged between the current school team and the reunion class. On paper it should have been a little one sided due to the age difference, but some people were not so sure. In addition there were fashion contests, cheerleading displays and a display by the marching band. The organizing committee had done a first class job of organizing this event and it was going to be remembered for years by those that attended. The evening dinner of course would be the featured event followed by the dancing in the gym. It was not supposed to be a black tie event, but you could count on one or two showing up looking like redundant Maître D’s in their rented tuxes. It just had to happen, people trying to upstage one another. The ladies of course would be paying attention not only to their own outfits, but to everyone else’s too. The local hairdressers would be busy that day. There would be no “Off the Rack” outfits worn that night. Twenty five years of repressed emotions were going to be displayed and any past put downs would be corrected by their swan like appearance at the ball.
It was going to be a very interesting event. Some people would show up with no axes to grind and were there simply to meet old friends and to enjoy the evening’s events. Others had their own agendas and were hell bent on pursuing them. Reputations of twenty five years ago had to be expunged. Those who had been successful would be rubbing the noses in it, of those people who considered them failures twenty five years ago.  The fat, the skinny, the plain Janes, the geeks would all be seeking retribution. Some may even cause trouble simply because they could on account of what they knew. No wonder people were edgy. Roman Gladiators faced less daunting ordeals.  
***
Penny Mason arrived at her parent’s home with her two children on the Thursday evening, just in time for the family dinner in her honor. Cindy and Eric were there as was their younger sister Pauline and her boyfriend, Roy. The room itself was noisy as everyone was talking at once. They were all aware that Penny’s marriage was in difficulty but that subject was never mentioned. The family had never really taken to Tom Forest. He just had this attitude of superiority about him. He was not a bad man really, but like so many men when their wives are more successful in their careers, they feel threatened. This in turn leads to rebellion, depression, a sense of emasculation and quite often the need to seek alternative companionship to reinforce the ego. This was now happening to Tom. A young psychologist had joined the hospital staff and they had hit it off right from the start. Penny suspected that something was not right, but had not yet realized how far down the scale her marriage had fallen. She was now about to find out.
The following day Pauline’s boyfriend’s father had to go into the city to have his heart checked out in a downtown hospital. The cardiologist he was scheduled to see was Dr. Tom Forrest. City traffic congestion being what it is Roy decided to set off in plenty of time to ensure his dad got to his appointment on time. There were no accidents that day and the traffic flowed smoothly so they arrived a little early at the hospital. They got and check in at the reception desk and point out that they are a little early. The receptionist smiles politely and shows them to the waiting area. 
“Dr. Forrest will be with you shortly, you are his first patient today” she told Roy’s dad. Roy meanwhile was standing by the window which overlooked the parking lot. It was a bright sunny day, not overly hot but pleasant all the same. As he is casually looking around he sees a BMW 7series pull into the lot below. The sunlight was shining right into the car through the windshield and Roy could clearly see the two occupants in the front seats. One is a middle aged man the other a younger woman in a white blouse and a short floral skirt. His gaze was drawn to her legs automatically as her skirt had risen up due to her sitting in the car. The woman then leaned over and gave the driver a kiss. Roy didn’t think too much about it at first, but that kiss seemed never to end. The driver was now returning that kiss with equal fervor and sliding his hand up her thigh at the same time. The woman now pulls away and gestures at her watch, seemingly telling him he had to go. They both then get out of the car and walk into her hospital. Well now, thought Roy to himself, doctors can be passionate too and in the hospital parking lot of all places –they are just like the rest of us after all. With that he put the scenario right out of his mind. It was only when his dad came out after his appointment accompanied by Dr. Forrest that the penny dropped with Roy. It’s Penny’s Dr. Forrest, it’s her ex-husband and he’s the guy in the BMW with that hot chick. This rocks Roy back a little as he is now aware of something that he would rather not know. He now has a dilemma, should he tell Penny about what he had seen and give her a heads up – or should he remain silent and forget what he had seen. This was a painful decision he had to make and he would have to live with the results either way. When Roy sees Pauline later that day he tells her what he had seen and Pauline is horrified and concerned for her sister. Like Roy, she doesn’t wish to hurt her sister, but she knows this will devastate her.
 “Oh God, Roy, what do we do, I just can’t go up to Penny and tell her something like this, it will rip her heart out.” 
“Yeah I know, honey, I think I’ll go and tell her dad. He’s the one who is best qualified to handle this. He will have the wisdom and the finesse to handle something this devastating and Penny will not be embarrassed falling apart in front of her dad. That’s what dads are for – they are used to picking up the pieces of their kids mistakes.”
 Roy then takes Penny’s dad aside and fills him in on what he saw and he left nothing out.
“Thank you son” he said to Roy, “I think I’d better be the one to tell Penny. This is going to cause her a lot of pain I would imagine. I know her marriage has its difficulties, but I’m not sure she considers it this far gone. Leave it with me and I’ll try to break it to her gently. Who else knows about this?”
“Just you and Pauline and we both figured you would be the best one to tell her. I’m sorry to dump it on you like this, but I thought would be for the best.”
“I’m glad you did Roy. I think it best too and thank you again for letting me know.”
***
“Penny I need to talk to you honey and this has to be in private. I need to tell you something, but before I do I must first ask you something. How bad is it between you and Tom?” 
“It’s not very good dad,” Penny said. “I think he resents my success. He’s fine with the kids, but he has no time for me anymore. We share the same bed, but that’s about it, he never comes near me now.”
“I see” said her dad, “Is he seeing someone else do you think?”
“I’m not sure dad, I try not to think of that, but if I’m honest with myself I think he could be. It would not be that much of a surprise.”
“Well, sweetheart, I’m sorry to have to say this but I think he is seeing someone.”
He then told her what Pauline’s boyfriend had seen, minus certain details of course. What father would want to hurt his daughter by giving a full disclosure of details like that? Penny started to cry and her father just pulled her close to him and hugged her. He let her cry it out. When she composed herself she asked.
 “Who else knows, Dad?”
“Just Pauline and Roy and now me at present, I haven’t told your Mom yet, honey.” 
“Oh god this is a nightmare. I don’t need this right now. The reunion is bad enough but this as well. How will I get through all this Penny said?”
“The same way you always do honey said her dad. One step at a time and I’m right here if you need me. I won’t interfere Penny, but you know I’ll always be there if you need me.”
“I know that dad” and she clung to him harder and gave him a kiss.
“Changing the subject to something a little brighter, I bumped into Brett Stark the other day and he was asking about you. He had heard that you were coming back for the reunion and he said he was looking forward to seeing you there.”
“Oh that’s nice, how is he doing these days, is he married with half a dozen kids?”
“Not anymore, Penny, I thought you might have heard. His wife and kids were killed in a car crash two years ago. Brett was devastated and he was in very rough shape for a long time. Fortunately he had a good foreman who kept the business running like clockwork and he did his level best to keep Brett sober, at least when he showed up for work. He went to pieces for some time as I said, but he seems to be getting back on track now.”
“Oh the poor man” said Penny, “who wouldn’t go off the rails after something like that. It must have been a nightmare for him. I can’t imagine that happening to me and thinking what I’d be like – I’d go insane if I had a loss like that. How is he doing now, is he Okay?”
“Well like I said he is getting better, but he is lost and lonely –he is just rudderless right now.”
“I didn’t know you knew Brett, honey, said her dad, he was a bit of a rogue in high school, but he is doing very well now.”
“I didn’t know him well, dad, but I did know him. He seemed quite nice.”
“Well the way I heard it he was one of the bad boys that nice girls were supposed to stay away from. He broke a few hearts so I hear.”
“Oh Dad he can’t have been that bad and anyway, my heart was not one of them.” 
That ended that topic thankfully. It wasn’t her heart Brett broke, but something a little lower down. He was her first lover. She knew he had been around, he never tried to hide that, but he was handsome and all the girls liked him. It was more a case of her giving him her virginity than him taking it. He was experienced and she was green. He taught her everything she knew today and she had enjoyed those lessons very much. Her dad however didn’t need to know that. Let him think of me as being pure as driven snow thought Penny. Dad’s like to think that about their daughters.
***
David Spencer now ran a successful computer software business. It was primarily into video games and he had been very successful at it. He now had several large game manufacturers on his books and he was earning lots of money, both from new releases and royalties. He was married now with three girls and had been for the past fifteen years. They lived on the outskirts of town in a large old house that he had now modernized. Although he was a multi-millionaire, one would never know it from his attitude to people. He was a quiet simple man and yet a very generous one. He and his wife Colleen were on various charity committees and freely gave of their time and effort. Colleen had met David in college and they had fallen in love there. David was her tutor at one point and that was how it started. He was the brainiac and she was the beauty. Colleen really was a beautiful woman to look at, but that paled compared to the woman she was inside. They suited each other perfectly and were very well respected in Markton by just about everyone. He employed quite a few people now, something over fifty at last count, including Phyllis Marsh, Mary’s mother. She ran the accounts dept. Phyllis had remarried about ten years ago to a widower with a disabled boy. It had worked out very well for both of them and the boy just fell in love with Phyllis and she with him. They were extremely happy together. They met strangely enough at the company picnic. David had introduced her to Henry Hall at the BBQ pit as Henry was doing the grilling. Henry and David were pals at university and Henry was now a teacher here in town. Phyllis and Henry were not in the same financial league as David and Colleen of course, but they too helped out with charity work. Where they ever to be in need of financial assistance? David would certainly have provided it. He thought very highly of Phyllis and Henry, the struggles they had faced and overcome together and the work they did for others. He felt privileged to know them and should they ever need help themselves, David would be there to do what he could.
Mary Marsh had a tough time back in high school, well rather her mother did. She was the original “wild child”. At the time she was a real handful for Phyllis. She tried to bring her up correctly and make a lady out of her, but with two jobs to attend in order to pay the bills it was not easy to accomplish. Way back then Mary was out of control. What with the sex orgies, the booze fests and the pharmaceutical experiments, she was every parent’s nightmare. She was Wayne Grubbs girlfriend too for a while. That in itself was the kiss of death for one’s reputation. Everyone knew what kind of girl she was and few envied that reputation. Today she was a very different woman. University had straightened her out big time. She had met a fellow law student and subsequently married him. He was a few years ahead of her and was now a judge in family court. They had been married for eighteen years now and were very happy. Her husband was aware of how wild she had been as she had told him everything prior to marrying him. He too had been wild, and he had said the past is just that, it’s the past. They never looked back again, until now. There were a lot of people who might have a grudge against Mary. She had been a bitch back in the day, would it come back to bite her now. What if some of those details regarding those sex orgies comes to light. The things she had done when she was naked at those parties, while fun at the time, could hurt her today. That kind of information in the wrong hands could be lethal. Mary certainly had concerns and for good reason apparently. She sure had been wild in her time. She had been a good looking girl and full of herself and she didn’t tolerate lesser human beings. She would taunt and make fun of many of the other girls, ridicule their clothing, looks, and their weight in some cases. In short she had been a real bitch to quite a few girls. Mary definitely had good reason to be anxious. Today she was a completely different woman – twenty five years ago she was something else, would her past now come back to haunt her?
Brett Stark had been with many of the girls in High School, but the only one he had ever really cared about was Penny Mason. She broke his heart when she left town to go to university, but he would never admit to that. He was a bad boy with a reputation to maintain, showing a weakness was unthinkable and so Brett bottled it up and kept it quiet. However, Penny Mason was now back in town and outside of his wife, she was the only other woman who had captured his heart. He had all kinds of pictures in his mind about her now. She was a famous author and a celebrity as well as being the Keynote speaker at the reunion. Would she even bother to speak to Brett these days? He had heard that she was married to a hot shot doctor; her life was just peachy he thought to himself, why would she bother with the like of me anymore?
The following day, Penny and Pauline go to the supermarket to do the weekly shopping. They each have a cart and start loading them with everything on the list that their mother had drawn up. As they are walking through the store tongues are wagging, 
“That’s the Mason girl, the famous one.” “Doesn’t look much does she?”
 “Well you can’t judge a book by its cover you know”.
“Yeah well I never read her shit anyway.”
“Why not, you might like it?”
“I doubt it, we had a dust up over Brett Stark way back when and now look what I’m stuck with?”
“Oh come on, that was over twenty five years ago, surely you can’t hold a grudge that long, can you?”
“No you’re right I should let it go, I never really stood a chance with Brett anyway.”
Pauline had overheard some of the comments in the store as they were walking around and she now questioned her sister about them.
“Did you have a thing with Brett Stark back in High School sis?”
“Yes we did for a while; he was my first real boyfriend.”
“Oh I see and by being your first does that mean what I think it means?”
“You really are a nosy little girl aren’t you” chided Penny.
“Well it’s the only way I can get to know my big sister” replied Pauline.
“You are a sneak, do you know that?”
“The answer to your question is yes, now drop it okay.”
With that the subject is dropped, much to Pauline’s dismay. She would gladly have sought additional information if she could, but she knew when to let a subject drop and this was that time. They go outside to the parking lot then and load up the car. As they close the trunk a large SUV pulls up next to them. Who gets out but Brett Stark, and he is just as surprised as they are. He recovers quickly and says;
“Good morning ladies. Hi! Penny it’s been a while. It’s good to see you again; do you have time for a coffee before you leave?”
 “Thanks Brett but I have to get the groceries home.”
“Oh I can do that” says Pauline; “I’ll pick you up in an hour.”
As Brett is walking around the SUV Pauline goes, “Oo la la” and gives Penny a dig. 
“Will an hour be OK she asks?” 
“Just peachy” answers Penny sarcastically.
She would kill Pauline for that later. Here she was in Jeans and T shirt and no make-up or perfume and going for coffee with Brett Stark.
They go around the corner to Tim Horton’s and sit at a table by the window. The time just flies by. Penny expressed her sorrow at the death of Brett’s wife and family and said she never knew until yesterday. When he asked about her life she mentioned her marriage was in rough shape and he expressed his regrets at that. They covered a lot of ground and both were looking forward to the reunion on Saturday. Brett then said something to her that totally flawed Penny.
“You know Pen” he said, as that is what he used to call her. “Apart from my late wife, you are the only other woman I ever loved. Oh! I never told you. I was a stud back in the day and studs didn’t say mushy things like that. It’s true all the same. You know as you get older you realize all the mistakes you made in your youth, and god knows I made plenty of them. I wasn’t very nice back in those days.”
“You were to me Brett, I have no complaints.”
“Well thank you for saying that”
“It’s true Brett, I mean it. I had a lovely time whenever I was with you. Oh! I knew you had other girls, but that didn’t matter.”
“It matters to me now” said Brett softly. “When I saw your name on the list as the guest speaker it got me to thinking, Pen. How could I do that to you of all people? Honest to god, Penny, I feel ashamed. The others I can live with, but I’m not exactly proud of that either.” “You, my conscience gives me nightmares about. I was a stupid kid who was full of himself. Anyway Pen I’m apologizing now for what it is worth. Please forgive me for being a jerk to you back then.”
Penny was dumbstruck by this confession.
“Brett I loved you, I would have forgiven you anything and I did. We were both kids, that’s how it was back then.” “There is no need to apologize and besides, the sex was amazing.”
They both laughed together. 
“Can I take you to dinner Pen, please say yes?” 
“I would like that very much Brett, I really would.”
“Is tonight too soon he asked?”
“Tonight would be fine” answered Penny.
“I’ll pick you up at seven then.”
Just then Pauline pulls up outside and Brett kisses Penny good bye and goes into the supermarket to do his shopping.
Penny then gets into the car with Pauline and says to her,
“I should damn well kill you for that, Pauline, but I won’t. I’ve got a date tonight.”
“Well, well,” said Pauline. “I don’t know who is the faster, you or Brett Stark she quips? The poor man steps out of his car; you drag him in for coffee and force him to take you on a date. You really are a fast cat aren’t you sis?”
 Both of them giggle at this assessment which absurd as it may seem was in fact true.
“I’m so happy to see you happy Penny. You deserve this and Brett is a nice man. I’ll say nothing right now. Let’s keep this between us until you wish to let people know.”
 Penny leans over and gives Pauline a hug. 
“Thanks for everything Pauline, how did I get so lucky having a baby sister like you.”
“Next time I’m broke I’ll remind you of that” said Pauline. 
With that she started the car and they drove home. 
After lunch Penny and Pauline help their mother in the kitchen baking and preparing food for another family get together on Sunday. Penny tells her mom that she will be out for dinner tonight as she was having dinner with a friend and they would be picking her up at seven. Oh that’s nice dear her mother had replied with no further questions on the subject. Pauline continues with her peeling of the carrots and never flinched. The women continue talking about family issues, who was doing what, who had just had a baby and so on. They did a lot of catching up that afternoon and the time flew by. All the baking was now done for Sunday and tonight’s dinner was now prepared also. The only thing left for Penny was getting dressed for this evening. If she got all glammed up, questions would be asked. On the other hand, she didn’t want to give Brett the impression he didn’t merit getting dressed up for. Pauline would once again come to the rescue here. Just before seven, Penny wanders around the house letting her Mom and Dad see her in a casual but presentable state, minus earrings and lipstick. Brett never got the chance to ring the doorbell. Pauline had it open just as he arrived on the porch. It was a smooth operation and carried out with military precision. Penny was now fully made up and looking like she was going on a date and she now had on Pauline’s diamond earrings. She shouts goodbye to her parents and waltzes out the door. Pauline closes the door and flees upstairs to avoid any awkward questions.
Chapter Three
***
Cathy Miller was checking in to her hotel at this time having just arrived in town with her husband. Quite a few people would be surprised to see her. High school for Cathy had been a nightmare. She lived in the trailer park on the outskirts of town with her single mom. Money was a major issue and therefore Cathy never could have decent clothes to wear to school. This of course was picked up on by the other girls and boys very quickly and she was teased because of it. She was a rather shy girl to begin with, but this treatment simply made her even more reserved. In her final years two of the girls, Blanche Hunt and Penny Mason used to slip her some of their used clothes to wear. They were in excellent condition and Cathy really appreciated the gesture. Neither Blanche nor Penny ever mentioned it, even when she wore those items to school. She knew they both liked her, but had they befriended her publically they too would have been social outcasts. That is just how it was. On the quiet however, both girls had invited her to their homes for dinner and to hang out with them at times. Yes she thought to herself as she was checking in at the front desk, Blanche and Penny were very nice girls.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the bellman, 
I’ll bring your luggage up to your room in a few minutes ma’am”
“Thank you” said Cathy. Her husband was talking on his cell phone to someone in Hong Kong. He was lounging on one of those huge chairs that the Hilton had in their lobbies and Cathy now reflected on how far they had come in the last twenty five years. It was a real Cinderella story.
One day twenty five years ago, she had been out walking in Miller Park on top of the cliffs there overlooking the lake. There stood on the edge was a teenaged boy. Cathy was usually alone and craved to speak to someone and so she spoke to the boy. He too was shy and had no friends to speak of so they kind of hit it off together. His name was Tony Braxton and he attended St. Adrian’s College a private and very elite school. He was just the opposite of Cathy. Whereas she was not an academic, he certainly was. He was really into computers and loved the internet and the things it could do and the games you could design and play. She was more into nature and animals and the simple things in life. However, she was a very warm and caring person and Tony recognized that in her immediately. They confided in each other and talked about their lives and soon built up a relationship that turned into love and admiration very quickly. Tony’s dad was an ambassador in Africa somewhere and he would only go and visit his parents on holidays. He had no other family he was close to, and Cathy became that for him. Cathy had no real friends and Tony gave her exactly what she needed.
The Geek and the Peasant was how they were referred to by the other students at the time. Both Blanche and Penny had told her they were happy for her and wished her the very best and said he was a very nice boy. Cathy smiled as she thought back to those days, yes indeed Tony Braxton was a very nice boy. On the day that she met him he had been sad and depressed; he had no friends, nobody to care about him, just an impersonal school and the never ending ritual of having to exceed expectations and establish your brilliance. He was seriously contemplating throwing himself onto the rocks below when Cathy came along. That moment changed both of their lives forever. Tony’s parents were not overly impressed by Cathy’s impoverished background, but they liked her as a person. She was not a beauty by any means, but then she was far from ugly either. Not that any of that mattered to Tony. Her outside appearance meant nothing, it was what lay inside that mattered. In that respect Cathy was an angel and he loved her to death. While he had been studying in university he had formed his own computer company. He was in fact selling software programs and games. He was approached by a large national organization to sell the company to them and he did, for ten million dollars. He then went on to form another computer related business and this is what he runs today. It too is worth multi millions were he to sell it. Both he and Cathy are involved in various charities and they freely give of their time and effort in this respect. Few of the attendees at the reunion have a clue as to the true status of Cathy Miller. They are fully familiar with Braxton enterprises however and the sheer size of the operation and the money it makes. It isn’t exactly Microsoft or Apple but it is in their league now as it had grown rapidly over the past few years.
The people attending the reunion just never associated the name Braxton with the geek who was seeing the peasant from the trailer park. Only Blanche Hunt and Penny Mason knew that and neither would spoil it for Cathy by telling anybody who she really was.
***
Bruce Richards was another loner in high school. He was a rather effeminate boy and spent more time with the girls than the boys. He was of course gay as it turned out. Everybody suspected it and he was teased unmercifully because of it. The girls of course accepted him with no problem. The boys were another matter altogether. They would skit him at every opportunity and named him Limp Dick. The girls would snicker at this amongst themselves, but would fiercely defend him if a boy made any disparaging remark in front of them. The guys put him through hell. He would find tampons in his desk, knitting needles, baby’s booties, girl’s underwear and various cosmetics. They would never leave him alone. In the showers after playing sports they were even more brutal. The things they said to him were cruel beyond belief and he cried on many occasions under that verbal onslaught. He toughed it out though and towards the end of high school, one or two of the boys had a profound respect for him and how he withstood all that ridicule. They had come to terms with the fact that he was gay, but they backed off now, well most of the guys did. The odd jerk would still get a few digs in here and there, but the vast majority left him alone. Anyone who could withstand that kind of degradation for so long and without complaint was worthy of respect, even if you did disagree with his sexual orientation. He may have been gay, but he was no wimp and they all knew it. He had proved that beyond doubt one day in Miller Park. A row boat had capsized and thrown a father and his young son into the water. The father had rescued the son and put him back in the boat with his mother but he was now in trouble himself.  Bruce Richards swam out from the shore, hauled the man back to the beach and administered CPR on the spot and saved him. Bruce was never teased again.
When he left high school Bruce attended a community college and studied culinary arts. After this he travelled around Europe working in many different restaurants under a variety of chefs. He not only saw quite a bit of the world he gained some invaluable experience as a chef. Upon his return he had worked in many of the best restaurants in the city until he had saved enough to open his own place. His restaurant in Markton was now one of a chain of ten, but this was the premier location. It was high end and the place to go for that very special occasion. The food was simply mouth-watering and reservations were needed at least three weeks in advance to have any chance at all of getting a table.
One might suspect that those school day acquaintances that had been so cruel to him would be denied a table, even if the place was empty. This was not the case at all. Bruce did not carry a grudge. This fact alone earned him even more respect, over and above his culinary abilities. A fair number of the boys attending Saturday’s reunion would feel embarrassed for their behavior in high school and for a variety of different reasons. Each and every one of them was thankful that they had changed and hopeful that their fellow classmates would forgive them for their past transgressions. Strange as it may seem, they actually did. Very few grudges were held, the odd one here and there, but by and large all past transgressions were forgiven and forgotten. These people really had grown up to be fine upstanding citizens and they would all soon realize this for themselves.
Across the street checking in to the Holiday Inn at the same time was Billy Wilson, he was now an Inspector with the RCMP. A large number of people would have a hard time getting their heads around that one. In fact they would really be amazed if they really knew what he was doing these days. His activities were top secret and very few people indeed knew of them, outside of the top brass and certain government officials. Billy was the class clown and always up to no good. He would borrow his mom’s car when the rest of the family went up to the cottage for the weekend. He had a part time job in the supermarket and therefore had to work. On Friday nights they would go to Miller Park late at night after all the attendants had gone home. The gates were padlocked with a chain, but the padlock was easily opened by hitting it with a hammer. They would open it; drive in and then lock it again. When the cops came by to check it the gates were all secured. The guys meanwhile were all down at the water’s edge having a great time. Beer would be brought and sometimes bathing suits and towels. David Spencer could sometimes borrow his brother’s truck and half a dozen guys could lie down in the back and come along too. As a rule there would be about ten or so in the park on those nights. If you had a bathing suit you wore it, but if not you went in without and skinny dipped. After a few beers you didn’t much care and it was a close knit bunch anyway. The guys would go out on the fishing pier and dive off or jump in often dive bombing the girls swimming nearby. Mary, Blanche, Penny, and Betty were regulars at these events as were Brett, David, Jimmy Mitchell and of course Billy. On one occasion they had a BBQ there in the wee hours of the morning. There were quite of few of them at this event. Jimmy Mitchell had got himself a set of wheels and his car was loaded up too. Miller Park had fixed BBQ pits on site that used charcoal. Billy and Jimmy provided the beer and Mary and Blanche brought the hot dogs. Penny and Betty brought chips and snacks and Brett and David brought the charcoal and lighter fluid to start it. That turned out to be a wild night and everyone had a great time. Needless to say sobriety was a commodity in short supply that night and certain antics took place that they would not wish to be discussed this weekend. Both the boys and the girls wanted that night to be kept under wraps and it was. They would have laugh amongst themselves about it over the weekend, but it was never discussed with anyone outside of that group. This was something even Cindy Tyler was not a party to and she knew just about everything about everyone. It was a fun time and everyone had let their hair down that night and done things that they would never normally do. They were kids without a care in the world and that night they acted like it. Today however they were adults and in retrospect viewed that night’s behavior with horror. How could I have done that was a frequently asked question by both sexes?  That was twenty five years ago now and all of them hoped everyone else had forgotten about that night –but none had, it was the highlight of their year.
Chapter Four
***
Penny gets into Brett’s car and they drive away to the restaurant. Brett had made reservations and they were ushered to their table right away. He pulls her chair out for her and she sits down. That was something she had not been used to for some time. Husbands seldom do that, boyfriends always do. The waiter comes over and asks if they would like a cocktail before dinner. Penny orders Vodka and Orange and Brett orders a beer. Their dinner orders are taken at the same time
“Do you remember this place Pen?” he asks.
“Yes I do” she replies; “did you think I would forget?”
“Well it was twenty six years ago”
“A girl only has one seventeenth birthday Brett. We sat over there in the corner and Mr. Walsh and his wife came in and sat right here at this table.”
“You know Pen, I had forgotten that detail, but you are right” 
Mr. Walsh had been their high school science teacher.
“I am surprised that you remembered that night Brett. Boys don’t attach too much importance to things like that; they generally have other things on their minds.”
“Well that’s true as a general rule, Pen, but not when I was with you. I can remember clearly every place I ever took you to and exactly what you were wearing also.”
“You can not she said disbelievingly.”
“Try me; ask me what you were wearing at any one of those dates.”
“All right, how about that night at Miller Park when David threw Blanche off the dock into the lake.”
“You were wearing yellow Capri pants and a pale yellow tank top and flip flops.”
“OK how about; I know, the night we went to Blanche’s birthday bash?”
“You had on your light blue party dress, the one with the blue butterflies on it.
“Wow you really do pay attention, I’m impressed.”
“Yeah well like I said earlier Pen you mattered to me back then, even though I didn’t show it.” “All water under the bridge now though I guess.” “Tell me about yourself, I know you are famous now and have a life in the big bad city.”
“Well after I left here I studied journalism in university and got various reporting jobs all over the place. I sort of drifted around, got married to a fellow journalist, boy was that a mistake. I then got divorced and I’m heading that way again it seems. I guess I’m not the kind of girl you marry.” 
“That’s crap Pen and you know it. I used to be like that as well you know. It cost me big time. I should never have let you go out of my life. So don’t you sit there and tell me you are not the marrying kind. That simply isn’t true. We all make mistakes in life and often make the wrong choices and not only in marriage. Whether we do so out of ignorance, or greed or self-interest doesn’t really matter. It’s simply a fact of life. I have had cause to reflect on my life after Grace died and it made me re-evaluate my priorities. As I mentioned Grace was the only woman besides you that ever got to me. Oh! Yeah Pen, You got to me, I cried when you left for college. Nobody ever knew, a stud like me can’t admit to that, but it’s true all the same. I swore no woman would get to me like that again. Well along comes Grace and that was it for me yet again. I fell big time, she was like you in so many ways. She was kind and gentle and fun loving and she was a terrific mother to the kids. She had this smile that would make your heart melt, just like you do at times, Pen. It was uncanny really. Grace just had this ability to make all my cares vanish, you know? No matter what was bothering me she just had this knack of making everything seem less threatening or serious. She made me see things differently and I could relax then. The day Grace, Tommy and Alice were killed I just went off the rails.” 
 He paused for a moment and Penny saw that his eyes had filled up with tears. When he continued his voice was cracking and his painful recollection of that tragic event was definitely having an effect on him. Penny wanted desperately to lean across that table and hug him better. She could clearly see the pain on his face and in his voice as he continued;
 “I had nothing left to live for anymore and so I hit the bottle.”
“Oh Brett” said Penny, “who wouldn’t after a devastating shock like that, that’s perfectly understandable.”
 “Yeah well it made me think. I was a lost cause for a while there and then I threw myself back into work. I realized I had done a lot of dumb things in my life, hurt a lot of people and I’m trying to make amends for that now. My business is doing well, sort of. Nothing compared to yours of course, but it’s not bad.”
“Well Brett my dad tells me that you are very well respected in the town. You must be doing something right to get that kind of name for yourself, Brett. You don’t get that overnight, it has to be earned over time. I am really pleased for you and you most certainly have my respect Brett. You always have as a matter of fact.”
“Really?” said Brett.
“Yes! Really,” said Penny. “I missed you terribly when I went to university and cried myself to sleep many a night. Like you I had my pride. I knew about the other girls, but until tonight, well this afternoon actually, I didn’t know just how you felt.”
“Had I known Brett, things may have been different for us.”
“Like I said Pen, I’m sorry for that. I’m the world’s biggest idiot. I am glad that you have forgiven me and are not mad at me. I mean than Pen. I couldn’t stand you being mad at me silly as that may sound.”
“Brett there is nothing to forgive honey, and I am certainly not angry with you. If I was I wouldn’t be here right now. I loved you then and, God help me, I think I still might. You were my first lover Brett, a girl never forgets that.  Back then I admired your looks and physique and popularity. Today I admire the character of the man sitting across this table. He still has the looks and is probably still quite sexy” she jokes, “but he is a wonderful human being.”
“Do you really mean all of that, Pen” he asked incredulously?
“Of course I do; every single word of it. I’m still a married woman with children Brett and I have to behave like one. However I too am human, ask Pauline. My Heart was a flutter this afternoon at the thought of seeing you tonight. Why would that be do you think?” 
“Penny, I want you to promise me something Brett said.”
“If your marriage falls apart and you get divorced, please call me. Will you promise to do that Pen?”
“Well Brett, divorces take some time. Will it be alright if I call you before I get divorced?” she asked coyly, her eyes sparkling with impishness.
“Penny you know the answer to that honey. You know how I feel about you. I’d marry you right now and I think you know it. I just didn’t want to scare you off by saying too much too soon and considering my track record I was worried.”
“Brett, I know very well how you feel and I am very flattered indeed. You have been very candid. You have no idea just how happy you have made me tonight telling me all of this. I was worried about coming here for this reunion. You have just made my day.”
With that Penny leans across the table and grabs both of Brett’s hands and says,
“I love you too darling and I always have, what you have just told me makes me the happiest woman in the world.” 
Their dinners then arrive. They conduct more conversations over dinner and when the bill is paid they head out to the parking lot and into the car. They chat a bit in the car and Brett leans over and says,
“I can’t wait any more Pen, I have to kiss you.”
Penny says nothing; she just reaches over grabs his neck and pulls him towards her. 
“I’ve wanted to do that all night long” she said. “You have no idea how much I needed that, Brett.”
After about fifteen minutes of tonsil tennis Brett drives her home.
This had been an eye opening meeting for both of them and each now knew where they stood in each other’s lives and they now felt a warm glow within because of it. This reunion had already been beneficial as far as Brett and Penny were concerned, nothing else mattered. Future rendezvous’ would be kept quiet and conducted in secret for now, only Pauline would be in the know. The reunion on Saturday would be an ordeal. Neither would be able to spend time with the other without raising eyebrows. Penny was still married and had to act like it. Brett respected that and would do nothing to compromise Penny’s position and integrity. He would go through Pauline if he needed to convey some message or other.  It was a system that would prove to work out very well over the next few days.
***
Saturday morning saw the town of Markton humming.  This of course was quite usual. Penny and Pauline had gone into town shopping, this time looking for material and sewing supplies. Pauline had told Penny about this ad she had seen in the paper and they decided to go and see what the store had to offer. The store was named Threadbarers and had only just started out in business under that name. It had been a sewing store for years, but it was under new management. The new owner was Jenny Wilson, Billy’s younger sister. She was married but she always used her maiden name. Her Husband was Jerry Marsden and he had a florists shop across the street. He also owned four more across town and was doing very well too apparently. Pauline and Penny go inside and Jenny recognizes them immediately.
“Hi! Pauline, Hi! Penny, be with you in a sec.” she says, “just have a look around.”
Jenny finishes up with her customer and comes right over.
“My, Penny it’s been years, how are you, you look fantastic?”
“Well thank you” said Penny “I should come in more often if that’s the treatment you get in here.”
Jenny just laughed.
“We do try to be hospitable” she said. “I guess you are here for the reunion?” 
“Yes” said Penny “I will be there, is your Billy going to be able to make it?”
“Oh! Yes He checked in last night. He works in Ottawa now.”
“Oh!” said Penny surprised. “What is he doing up there?”
“I’m not really sure; it’s kind of secret I think. You know how it is with cops they never tell you much.”
“He’s a cop?” said Penny surprised.
“Yeah, he’s an inspector with the RCMP.”
“Wow” said Penny “I’m impressed, Billy a cop, I never would have guessed.”
In fact she was stunned by that news. Billy had been the life and soul of just about every party and into all kinds of mischief. It was mind boggling to think of him as a cop let alone an Inspector in the RCMP.
They looked around the store for some time and picked out a few things that they needed. Both Pauline and Penny were into sewing and quilting. It was a hobby that they both really enjoyed. Penny didn’t get the time these days due to her writing, but she still liked to do it when she could. Having two small children around was hardly conducive to concentrating on design patterns and it did make it difficult now. Tom thought it to be a waste of time and gave her no credit for her work whatsoever. He saw no point to it and in his opinion her time could be better spent. Doing what exactly he never really explained, probably something he wanted her to do. Anyway, by the sound of it he had found someone to provide those little comforts that apparently she lacked. After yesterday she was now totally in favor of divorce, but would keep that information to herself for now. If Tom had found someone else so much the better, but so far as Penny was concerned her marriage was finished whether he thought so or not. The fact that Brett had been pining for her for years, just as much as she had for him, said it all. When he held her in his arms last night the world fell away and all its troubles disappeared. She found herself melting into his arms and the silent strength of that hug and the gentleness of his hands made her feel totally at peace with the world. That’s the effect Brett had on her. Only Brett could do that and Penny now wanted that for the rest of her life. She just had to persuade Tom to divorce her for this bimbo he was besotted with. Penny was quite sure she could manage that minor task now that Brett was back in her life. She hadn’t felt this good in years.
As she and Pauline were leaving the store to go home for lunch they bumped into Claire Ryder. In high school Claire had been one of those girls who was overly protected by her parents and was not allowed to breathe hardly. As a result she missed out on all the fun and certainly would never have visited Miller Park with the group. Her parents were a little on the religious side and obliged Claire to follow suit. The others in the group fell a little short in that department and theology was not on their collective horizons. Once Claire went to university things changed. This new found freedom was liberating to say the least and Claire became a party animal apparently. She almost flunked her first year on account of it, but soon straightened herself out in her second year. It was then she found out she was pregnant. As for whom the father was; well now, there lies a question? It could be one of several boys, none of whom were suitable husbands and even less father figures. Claire smartly paid a visit to her physician and had a D&C thereby taking care of that issue. Only she knew about that, she had told nobody else. Some years later one of her class mates did find out, but he would never reveal her secret. In fact, as she was talking to Penny and Pauline, that man was checking into the Hilton with his wife Heather. It was Jimmy Mitchell, or as he now was Dr. James Mitchell.
He had discovered Claire’s secret when he read her medical file. He recognized the name straight away, but many people have the same name and he paid no attention to it. When Claire was ushered into his office he was more than surprised. Claire was even more aghast and deeply embarrassed. Jimmy recognized this right away and got up from his desk, walked up to Claire and gave her a huge hug. He asked her how she had been and how her life had gone. He did not mention the D&C, Claire did.
“I see you have my file there Jimmy.”
 “Yes Claire! This is your file and I’ve read through it.”
 “Then you know about my abortion then.”
“Yes I do, but that is history Claire and nothing to do with your present situation. I know it must be embarrassing for you, Claire, having to see me, but I did take an oath. My lips are sealed Claire, you do know that don’t you?”
“Yes Jimmy I do know that. I was just taken aback a little I guess. I never thought of Dr. James Mitchell as being the Jimmy Mitchell I knew back in school.”
“That I can well believe Claire, we are not the same people we were back then. “Who would ever have seen me as a surgeon back in those days, I sure didn’t.” We were wild kids for the most part as well you know.”
“I was kind of repressed in high school” said Claire; I went off the rails in university instead, hence the D&C.” 
“You and everyone else kiddo, that’s university life. None of us are perfect and we have all made errors in judgment in our youth. We learn from those and do not repeat them. Now let’s deal with the current issue, Claire.”
“Dr. Phillips writes that you are having urinary problems and to put it bluntly you often pee in your pants involuntarily. Is that correct?”
“Yes it is”
“OK Claire, go into the changing room, slip off your skirt and pants and put on the gown hanging on the back of the door and come back in.”
Claire goes into the room and undresses, put on the gown and returns.
“Just lie down on this table Claire and Put your legs in the stirrups here”
He puts his hand up to his face and then he does the same to her.
“Does my hand feel cold to you Claire?”
“Just a little she said.”
“That’s what I thought,” and with that he goes over to the sink and washes his hands in hot water and puts on a pair of surgical gloves.
He examines her thoroughly and tells her to go and get dressed. She re-enters the room and her tells her to sit in the chair.
“I think I know what the problem is Claire. It’s quite common and I can fix it for you. Your uterus has slipped and needs to be put back into position and tightened up a little. It is nothing serious and you will be as right as rain afterwards with minimal discomfort. Once I have done this, everything will be as it should be.
“Do you have any questions, Claire?”
“Will there be any side effects?”
“No you will be perfectly normal. I would advise you to refrain from sex for a few weeks to let things heal and settle down, but after that you will be fine. I’ll send my report to Dr. Phillips, Claire, and his nurse will arrange the appointment for you to have the procedure. I will need you to come back again after a few weeks to ensure it has healed correctly. There is one more thing Claire, in view of our relationship etc. if you are uncomfortable with having me as your surgeon and you wish for someone else to do this procedure, I will totally understand. I will not be insulted or upset.”
“No Jimmy! I want you! I am very comfortable with you doing it I really am. I am totally relaxed now knowing that you will be doing it. I know you will take good care of me.”
“That’s a given Claire, I will certainly do that. Dr. Phillips will set it all up for you. It was really nice seeing you again Claire, have a nice day.”
Claire Ryder had not seen Jimmy since and would welcome the opportunity to see him at the reunion if for no other reason but to thank him again for her surgery. He had done a great job and she had felt wonderful after it and very secure. Yes! Jimmy was an excellent surgeon and she would recommend him to anyone.
She finished talking to Pauline and Penny and went home for lunch. Like all the other classmates she needed to look her best for this evening’s event. She too had a hairdresser’s appointment for three that afternoon.
Chapter Five
***
The marquee was all set and the tables were all decked out. As you looked in you thought to yourself what a terrific job the people had done to make a tent look like this. There was a stage at the far end complete with microphone and podium and the head table was just to the left of that. It really looked nice and festive.
During the afternoon games had been played on the sports field. The class of 85 gave a very good account of themselves, better than anyone expected, but they were beaten, if only just. They all had a lot of fun. The games were well attended too. The boys from the class of 85 reflected back to when they were playing on those fields and the girls who had waited for them after the game. As they looked into the stands after the game they concluded that things had changed very little since their days here. Many of them thought to themselves - if only those stands could talk? There would be some interesting tales told if they could. On reflection, perhaps it is just as well that they are mute. Today’s parents don’t want their kids to know what they were up to back then. Few realizing, that today’s kids are up to far worse than their parents ever were.
It is 6:30pm now and people are now starting to arrive. The band has been warming up for some time now and start to play. In actual fact they are very good too for a school band, far better than one might expect. The event isn’t scheduled to start until 7:30pm but everyone will be there before then simply to catch up with old friends and current gossip. The school parking lot has been reserved for ticket holders only. Everyone else has to use the surrounding streets. The parking lot now becomes a huge meeting place and people are gathered in groups all over. They do not disrupt traffic though as they are stood more or less where they have parked themselves starting at the top end of the lot and working down. This was of course the logical thing to do. It was only a very short walk to the marquee from there along a paved pathway. Towards 7:15pm or so, everyone started to go inside to consult the seating chart. All the tables were numbered and each ticket showed which table you were seated at. Those at the head table were listed as table 1 and that was where Penny Mason was seated alongside the school principal, the mayor and other notables. There were thirty tables in all with ten people at each table. The marquee was now filling up and people were now taking their places at the tables. As they came in and checked the seating chart many of them where going over the list with some degree of anxiety as they searched to find the names of people they did not wish to encounter. The name of Wayne Grubb was conspicuous by its absence and one could almost hear the sighs of relief as people discovered that vital piece of information. He was the one person that nobody wished to encounter that night. There were several others of course and some of them actually were there, but he was the principal nightmare they wished to avoid. Wayne had been at Miller Park, in fact he had been one of the main participants and he knew only too well which girls had done what and with whom, plus the things that they had done with him. Those drugs he had given them certainly had loosened their inhibitions and he and a few more individuals were capable of blowing the whistle on these now respectable citizens. Yes indeed, certain attendees were very nervous that some of this information may be broadcast to the masses. It just depended upon who showed up.
At 7:30pm everyone was seated and in possession of drinks and a few minutes later the principal rose to formally welcome everyone and to open the evening’s events. There were several speakers from the class of ’85 who spoke before the dinner. Penny’s was to be after the dinner and before dessert. This was the address that everyone wanted to hear.
Penny had been dreading getting up to speak before she came back to Markton, but tonight she felt just fantastic thanks to Brett Stark. She had spoken to him briefly just before dinner and he had squeezed her hand and given her a few words of encouragement. Just knowing he was there relaxed her. He had now put a warm glow deep inside her and it felt wonderful. When she rose to speak, her confidence level was sky high. A hush descended upon the room as she started to speak. She began: 
“Principal Davis, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen, Good Evening.
It is a distinct honor and privilege to have been asked to be your keynote speaker this evening. It is also quite humbling. As I look around this room, there are so many others the board could have chosen to address you all this evening – all of them equally deserving of this honor if not more so.”  
 She went on to point out all the various success stories in the class of ‘85 and attributed her own success largely to luck. Penny also highlighted her days at the school, the teachers she was fortunate to have and the impact they had had on the lives of the students here this evening. One teacher in particular was mentioned as it was he who inspired her to become a journalist, Mr. Herring. She went on to say that he was the reason she was here today.
 “He gave me the confidence to be who I am and I tried to follow that advice all through my life. As I look around this room, she said, I can see the impact Mr. Herring had on so many of you. Many of you here tonight became who you are today, by heeding that simple advice twenty five years ago. Just be yourself, he said, you can become anything you wish, accomplish any goal, simply by being yourself and above all else, believe in yourself. The accomplishments of those in this room this evening are truly amazing, testament, Principal Davis, to the impact you and your staff will have on future generations of students. They may not show it today and even less tell you about it, but we here this evening are living proof of what you teachers have given us. Thank you! Mr. Herring, and all of your colleagues, for the legacy that you gave to us all. I never realized just how much an impact you would have on my life while I was a student here, and for that I apologize. Our apparent flippancy and inattention was no doubt irritating and disheartening and no doubt today’s crop of students is quite similar. I am here today to tell you that they too will be seriously impacted by you and the knowledge that you impart to them. It will form their lives, guide their decisions and allow them to develop into the citizens they wish to become.  It is all thanks to you and the apparently thankless task of teaching kids who do not wish to be taught.  As I recall we too used to be like that, that is the way kids are I guess. We were wild and carefree. To many, we would probably be regarded as lost causes who just wanted to party and have fun. After all we never paid attention to anything you were trying to teach us did we? Today in this room of wild, carefree and inattentive students are Doctors, Lawyers, Architects, Police Officers, Businessmen and women, Investment Bankers and numerous millionaires. I guess that means we did listen and your efforts were not wasted. All of that is down to you and you teaching us to be all we wanted to be. I hope my children are fortunate enough to have teachers like you when their time comes.
 Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of you teachers here tonight and God bless each and every one of you. We shall never forget you and the impact you have had on our lives.”
Penny concluded her address then by saying,
“Enjoy the remainder of the evening ladies and gentlemen.”
The applause she received was deafening, everyone was on their feet and they meant it sincerely. That was an awesome address and it touched the hearts of many. Principal Davis said as much in his response. Some of the teachers of twenty five years ago had tears in their eyes, Penny’s sincerity had not been lost on them and they were overcome with emotion by her heartfelt words of thanks.
After the dinner and the speeches came the more informal part of the evening, the dancing and the catching up. The gymnasium had been prepared for this. A special floor covering had been laid so as not to damage the wooden floor with the ladies high heeled shoes. A stage had been set up at one end and the band was using that. Chairs and tables were set up along the side lines, but they could not accommodate everybody. This was not a problem because the marquee would be used by many to talk and reminisce about their school days. That is exactly what Penny and her friends did. They gathered in a group and dragged a couple of tables together and caught up on each other’s lives. Occasionally they would get up and dance, as would their respective wives and husbands. Brett was in this group and he did dance with Penny, but nobody would have suspected anything based on that performance. Penny danced with a lot of the old gang that night, including Jimmy Mitchell. His wife Heather was a lovely woman and Penny took to her immediately. She was a nurse, but only worked part time now due to her having children. On the dance floor she and Jimmy had a few laughs at the antics they had gotten up to back in their schooldays and what people would think if they ever found out. That of course was not a problem; none of the group would ever split on anyone else.
***
While Penny and the gang were having such a great time, this was not the case for everyone. One or two people still carried grudges from twenty five years ago. In one instance it almost came to blows and hair pulling it got so bad. Others intervened and stopped that from getting any worse. The serving of alcohol at any function carries the risk of potential abuse by the odd individual and this was no exception. Once the alcohol took effect, inhibition went out of the window and past inequities came pouring out as did the name calling and rather colorful language. Several people learned far more than they needed to know about other high school members that night. They themselves however were throwing no stones. “There but for the Grace of God” was very much on their minds.
Buddy Downs was one such abuser of alcohol. He was just as overweight now as he had been back then and his wife was of similar stature. He drove a transport truck all over North America and obviously got little in the way of exercise. While driving he never drank a drop, but when he was off for a few days look out. He could certainly knock it back then down at the Pool Hall or the Legion. He could then become abusive and quite violent if provoked. Tonight would prove to be one such occasion. His days in high school had not been pleasant and he was intent on payback. These people had looked down their noses at him then and they still were, at least that is the way he saw it. That was untrue of course. Most people never gave him a thought, let alone looked down on him. To them he didn’t even exist. He had never been one of their group in high school and he certainly would hardly be mixing with them socially today, they shared no common interests. This is what bugged Buddy Downs, he felt they were snobs, and to some degree he could have been correct. Then again, everyone has the right to choose their friends. You are not obligated to associate socially with someone you just happened to go to school with if you share no common interests besides that. Well Buddy thought otherwise. He was the fat kid in school and was not sports minded and the girls were not attracted to him. He wasn’t even scholarly or a nerd so he basically was a social outcast. He had nothing in common with anyone, a rather difficult position to be in during ones high school days. This is a time when one is trying to fit in and establish ones identity as a person for the future. Buddy was on nobody’s radar; even the girls in a similar situation didn’t go near him. He knew he was the invisible man to most of the guests here this evening, but he intended to change that. Tonight he was intent on causing trouble. If they could accept that fag Bruce Richards and that tramp Mary Marsh, then they can damn well accept me. He had been getting drunker by the minute and one or two people had been taking notice of it. Brett Stark and Billy Wilson were two of them. Billy and Brett had been catching up together when Buddy came staggering by and banging into people. Brett said to Billy,
“I think we just might have a little trouble with him tonight, Billy.”
“Oh Yeah I think you are right about that, he’s loaded for bear tonight. I think you and I should keep an eye on him. He is going to be a problem I can see it already.”
“Me too said Brett. If he gets out of hand I’ll be there with you to sort him out until the police arrive.”
Fifteen minutes later Buddy gets up on the stage, grabs the mic and begins his tirade. Betty Driver and Blanche Hunt are his first targets. He rails at them for the seating arrangements and then cuts up their appearances. Both women look lovely, are conservatively dressed and there was absolutely nothing to cut up about the way they were dressed. Buddy figured they were trying to outclass him and his wife and show them up in public. He then launches into an attack on the Fag and the Slut. However, before he can name names Brett and Billy are on him. They have leapt up onto the stage, taken the mic away from him and are now frog marching him off. They are not being gentle about it either as everyone can see. Buddy is yelling and screaming but Billy and Brett are resolute and are themselves annoyed by his tirade. Betty and Blanche are mortified, but David Spencer goes over and calms them down pointing out that Buddy was drunk and that they had done a terrific job of organizing this function and that they both looked gorgeous. Everyone thinks the same way, we were talking about it earlier, and you really have done a bang up job, both of you. Pay no attention to Downs he was, is, and always will be a loser. Cathy Miller and Jimmy Mitchell went over and essentially said the same things so both of them relaxed after that.
Outside in the parking lot Brett and Billy have sat Downs down and are now waiting for a taxi to take him home. They did not call the police, but they threatened they would if he acted up again that evening. Go home and sleep your anger off they had told him. If you show up here again you will be in deep shit, you got that Buddy. The taxi came and took him home, he did not return later.
Several people came up to Billy and Brett later to thank them for their prompt intervention, including Mary Marsh and Bruce Richards. Both had cause for concern if that tirade had been allowed to continue. When Mary came up to say thanks they both just gave her a hug. 
“You are one of us kid, said Billy, we won’t allow the likes of Buddy Downs to embarrass you Mary.”
“Relax and enjoy the evening, Mary, you are among friends here” said Brett, “no one will bad mouth you tonight, trust me on that.”
“Thanks guys” Mary said and she kissed them both and went back to her table.
At the far end of the marquee was the bar now a small group of men had pulled up a few chairs and were reliving old times. Billy, Brett, Jimmy and David were amongst them. They had all been to those Miller Park excursions and fondly remembered those wild nights, not that they would discuss them outside of this group. The girls had a similar group of their own on the other side of the room and they too were catching up as they put it. Mary, Penny, Blanche and Betty were amongst this group and so was Claire Ryder. Claire had been too straight in school to have been involved with the goings on in Miller Park, but she had made up for it in college as many of them were well aware. They were now all reminiscing about the fun they had had and their boyfriends. They were all glad that Billy and Brett had got rid of Buddy and everyone was thankful that Wayne Grubb had stayed away. There were no catty remarks or unsavory secrets revealed. It was simply a memory of the good old days and the antics they had got up to. Their husbands and children would be mortified had they ever found out about these things, but the girls in this group would never reveal them to anyone else. After all when you live in a glass house??? And in that respect they all did. It was an exhilarating time in their lives and an intoxicating experience for them all. It was good to relive those days and a definite change from the staid respectable lives they were leading today. Well for most of them anyway. Everything is not always as it seems however. One of the ladies in that group was having an affair. That in itself would not have raised too many eyebrows normally, but in this case it would. The person she was having this fling with was one of the husbands in this group. They had been discrete, but never the less, this was a time bomb. If this ever got out many lives would be destroyed.
Back in high school the girls had had different boyfriends and some had slept with their friend’s boyfriends on occasion, all of it on the quiet so to speak. Mary Marsh had been the main culprit here; she had been wild in her day, but then she was in good company with this group. In college Claire had been almost as bad. Betty on the other hand had been a little more restrained and Blanche just that little bit more so. That however was then. They were all married now, some with children. The single life and the freedom it gives was enjoyed by them all. Married life however, comes with changes and responsibilities. After a while things can be taken for granted and other important components of a loving relationship are let slide. Husbands and wives drift apart, their likes and dislikes change and so does their acceptance of one another. They start to snipe at each other with minor criticisms or complain about this and that. Intimacy falls off and when it does occur it is out of duty rather than love or lust and is generally bland. The spice is no longer there and the excitement has gone or temporarily lapses. When this happens a marriage can get in trouble real fast. On the other hand financial considerations, such as divorce payments, alimony and splitting assets can have a sobering effect. Children and what a divorce would do to them is another such consideration. This results in decisions being put off, or, as in this case, conducting clandestine affairs in secret. Regardless of how tasty steak and eggs may be, after a while it can become boring. At such times, should Fish and Chips appear they now offer a different choice of diet. It may not necessarily be better, it’s just different, and they do say that variety is the spice of life. If one is caught sampling this menu however a significant price may be paid, not only by the participants but by their families also. 
Betty and Blanche had been best friends since grade school and they had been married since their early twenties and both now had children. To all intents and purposes they had ideal lives. Their husbands got along well together and their kids often played together and had sleepovers. Betty’s husband was a fireman; Blanche’s an accountant with a large national firm. Betty worked in an insurance company office as a manager downtown; Blanche was a stay at home mom. At the church picnic one year both Betty and Blanche’s husband were to be out of town on business that weekend. Blanche and Jeff Driver go to that picnic together. Ever since high school Blanche has always had a thing for big strong men, but settled for the steady secure type. Brian Hunt was certainly that. He had a good secure pensionable job, was a good provider, but he just lacked that little extra pizzazz that Blanche so desired. While respectability and social prestige are important, not to mention financial security, many women still hanker for the bad boy, those that live on the edge and have a certain element of devilment in them. They may marry for stability, but it’s these guys they dream about in their lust filled fantasies. Jeff Driver the fireman on the other hand, lived life on the edge every day. He was big strong and powerful and took risks Brian never would. Blanche liked that about him, he was a real man. She compared him to Brett Stark and Brian to David Spencer when she was back in high school. Anyway they went on this picnic together and they get to talking. After the picnic they went back to Blanche’s house with the kids and ordered a pizza. The kids then go down to the basement to watch a movie. Jeff and Blanche stay in the kitchen talking about this and that. Neither one can remember now who made the first move, but soon they were kissing. Blanche remembers Jeff picked her up bodily and carried her up to her bedroom, kissing her the whole time. Something Brian would never have done. He set her down on her feet and undresses her and there is no fumbling. When she tries to help he stops her. “I’ll do this” he says firmly and Blanche lets him. She likes this masterful approach. In no time at all she is left only in her underwear and Jeff is massaging her. He is caressing her all over her body and driving her wild with anticipation. Her breasts are now fully erect and responding to his manly touch. He picks her up and carries her to the bed and removes her underwear. “What about the children” Blanche asks. We won’t disturb them he says. He then got undressed, got on the bed with her and drove her wild. The sex she experienced that night was worthy of an Olympic medal.
The kids were not disturbed. That was how it all started. It had been going on for eighteen months now. Betty and Brian had no idea. Jeff and Blanche were providing their respective marriages with the spark that they needed. As they were sitting at the table earlier that evening, both had given each other a knowing look. If these people knew what we were doing they would be disgusted.  Fortunately, nobody did. Betty was too tied up with the children and merely went through the motions in the bedroom these days. Brian was too consumed with work and his mind was elsewhere. There was no romance in the air with him. You could almost set you clock by him. Friday bedtime was sex night. Go to Bed, Have sex and go to sleep. Blanche needed a little more romance than that. She needed to feel like she was still an exciting woman, which in fact she was. Jeff made her feel like that. The things he said to her, the way he held her, it made her feel like a sensual woman and she knew she aroused him because of the passion he exhibited towards her. This feeling of femininity was just what she craved and Jeff gave her that. Jeff wanted a woman that responded to his touch and let him know how much she needed the excitement he provided. Blanche certainly fulfilled that requirement. There was no question of divorcing either partner, love was not an issue here. They both loved their spouses; this was simply sex under the table. It was destined to go on for some time.
Marriages have to be worked on and maintained and so many take things are taken for granted, or they spend too much time on the kids. When this happens couples drift apart slowly and then one day wake up and wonder, what the hell happened; where did it all go wrong? Sex is often the first casualty. When both are working their minds are consumed with work, office politics, future events etc. When children enter the scene this adds another dimension to the mix and additional stress due to lack of sleep, diaper duty, child care arrangements in addition to full time careers in some cases. Mental exhaustion now becomes the norm, especially on week days. Feeling unbridled passion and lust for one another tends to take a back seat. There is laundry to do, meals to prepare kids sports to attend, tomorrow’s lunches to prepare and any number of other activities. General fatigue now replaces passion and lust. However, occasionally one member of the couple isn’t feeling that way. They want their partner to exude all the passion of their courtship days, the romance, the whispered endearments, their proclamations of their love and how you make them feel. When this is not forthcoming, Fish and Chips then begin to look pretty damn good and its downhill from there.
***
There was only so much time one could devote to catching up, the dance floor was waiting. Well more to the point, the women wanted the men to get up and dance instead of sit there bending their elbows. The men were equally aware of this and failure to respond would inevitably result in earache as they well knew. None of them relished that thought and grudgingly returned to their wives and then to the dance floor. It was at this time that a man simply folded up and collapsed. Jimmy Mitchell was called over at once. The man was having an epileptic seizure, it was not too serious. He was up on his feet a few minutes later, but Jimmy grilled him pretty good regarding his medication and whether he had taken it that day. It was just one of those things, they do occur even when you did take your medicine and he had that morning. He thanked Jimmy anyway and it all ended well.
When Cathy Miller walked into the marquee mouths gaped open. “Who let her in?” one classy lady asked. She had no idea what a shock lay ahead for her. Cathy looked like a million dollars that night, she really did. She wore an off white cocktail dress that screamed elegance and taste and her accessories matched perfectly. Penny had gone over to her immediately and said how pleased she was to see her again and that they would catch up later. Cathy said she would really like that. Betty Driver goes up to Penny later and expresses surprise that Cathy had dared to put in an appearance. Several others overhear that conversation and they also question her attendance. All of them nearly died when Penny seemed to embrace Cathy’s attendance. This puzzled them until she told them who she was married to. That straightened them out in a hurry. The change in attitude was dramatic and immediate. Suddenly Cathy was their best friend, had been for years and was in fact the salt of the earth. They had all been her best friend in high school. It was mind boggling to watch that change of attitude and it occurred within seconds. Penny was dumbfounded by it. She was well aware of the insincerity within that group, but this still surprised her. She had never experienced such a change in so short a space of time before. Cathy had gone from social pariah to celebrated socialite within ten seconds flat. That had to be some kind of record thought Penny. What a bunch of phonies. Thankfully none of them were amongst her circle of close personal friends. Cathy Braxton, as she now was, had been a personal friend for years and she was delighted for her to be enjoying her life now. It had been a tough life for Cathy. She had come a long way from receiving second hand clothes to the life of a rich woman married to a multi-millionaire. Cathy for her part valued Penny as a friend. She had been there in the old days when nobody else was and had even given her clothes and kept it quiet so as not to embarrass her. That meant everything to Cathy and she had not forgotten that kindness. Tony her husband had been made aware of it too. She had told him who her friends were and why and of course who were not and why. When he met Penny he had been impressed with her. A celebrated author she may have been, but she was a lovely warm and caring woman. That was good enough for him. After her address, she had risen even higher up in his esteem after that awesome speech. He went over to her after it and told her so. He also told her that should she ever need anything that he might be in a position to offer he would be delighted to help. It was an unlikely probability, but anyone who had been nice to Cathy would receive his help should they ever need it. A gesture that Penny deeply appreciated and she told him so and thanked him for it.
Bruce Richards had come up to Brett and Billy right after they had ushered Buddy out of the place and thanked them for what they had done. “That could have been awkward for me guys he had said.” 
“You me and just about everyone else in the place Bruce, said Billy.”
 “Amen to that” said Brett. “We were pleased to do it Bruce; nobody deserves what he intended to dish out.”
 “You guys were awesome and I do appreciate it, you will be guaranteed a table in my place at any time I promise you that.”
“Oh you don’t have to do that Bruce” said Brett.
“No I don’t he said, any more than you had to get up there tonight and do what you did. I’m doing it because I want to do it, for my friends he added, just like you did.”
“Thank you very much Bruce that really is very nice of you and we both sincerely appreciate the gesture. It will not be abused.”
Bruce smiled at that.
“That though simply never crossed my mind, not with you two it didn’t.” 
Bruce knew full well that there were many people in that place tonight who would have taken advantage of him and then gone behind his back and ridiculed him and made jokes about him being gay. Brett and Billy would not be among them and he knew that.
Running the finest restaurant in town had other advantages too. He knew exactly who was romancing whom and who took whom where for that extra special event. That information could be damning, if it leaked out. Bruce was famous for his discretion and this was good business practice too. Anyone who wished to impress someone would take them to his restaurant. He soon learned a few things about the good and upright citizens of Markton. Body language itself spoke volumes. How people positioned themselves at the tables. How ladies would often slip off their shoes and rub the gentleman’s leg under the table with her foot. How they would look attentively into his eyes as he was speaking. Wives rarely do that, and when they do their minds are elsewhere. Girlfriends or mistresses however hang on every word. Yes! Bruce knew exactly what was going on in his establishment. He may not know as much as Cindy did about the good citizens on Markton, but he certainly knew enough. Fortunately for the town, he knew how to keep his mouth firmly closed.
Chapter Six
***
The reunion ended somewhere around midnight and the guests started to drift out to the parking lot. Several small groups gathered there still talking as they had not been able to talk to everyone they wanted too during the evening. Some even arranged to meet for lunch the following day prior to their departure. In fact quite a few people had arranged to meet for lunch. The reunion itself had allowed them to catch up with those people at their tables and one or two more besides, but that had still left a large number that had not been contacted. Having lunch on Sunday would allow them to catch up with those they had missed the night before.
Of course, not everyone had attended with their spouse; Penny Mason was one such woman. That meant her dutiful husband would be staying at home alone reviewing his patient list for the following week and making the appropriate notes and treatment recommendations. At least that was the official line he had handed to Penny as she walked out of the door. This dedication to his work as a physician was commendable and his interest in his patient’s welfare was laudable. There were however, one or two inaccuracies in that story. Patient welfare took second place that weekend to his own personal agenda. He felt a compelling need to consult a colleague regarding a psychological case that weekend, and it would prove to be time consuming. In fact it ran right through the weekend and it was of such intensity it required them to discuss it right through the night. It was so intense they had to sleep on it and discuss it in bed together. Now that kind of diligence and dedication to one’s job is rare indeed. Tom Forest was indeed a man of concern and dedication, but it was not directed at his patients this weekend. It was all about lust and desire, his own. He was courteous enough to go to her apartment and not use his own bed, but it ended there. He was now besotted with this young woman and her with him. They both had the weekend free and were not on call, so they made the most of it. Faith Stewart was in total rapture. She found it difficult to imagine that a man of Tom Forest’s stature would bother with her. She was a young resident, he was a leading cardiologist and she was overawed by his attentions. Tom Forest on the other hand found Faith to be a breath of fresh air. Here was a woman who idolized him, whereas his wife did not. Faith treated him like a god, Penny, just like any other husband. That simply was unacceptable to Tom Forest. He was a leading cardiologist and demanded to be treated with the utmost respect by everyone, especially his wife. Penny was not prepared to do that and asked simply to be treated as any other human being. She too had an expectation of dignity and respect, but only that which most normal people required. Tom needed to be placed on a pedestal. Faith did that, Penny refused to. Paying homage to her husband was not part of her job description as she saw it.
 This weekend cemented the difference between them in Tom’s mind. He was now seriously contemplating divorce; Penny’s success would no longer be a thorn in his side. Faith would more than compensate for any financial burdens this might entail. When Penny returned from her reunion he would have a serious discussion with her on the subject. Following that he would contact his lawyer and start the ball rolling. He was so wrapped up with himself he never once gave a thought as to how Penny might react to this devastating news. Most straying husbands agonize for weeks, often months, before gaining the courage to face their wives with this type of thing. Tom never gave it a thought. He had made his decision and that was it. He would simply tell Penny what he was doing and that was the end of it. She could then get her own lawyer and then just move on with her life. Joint custody would be arranged, the children would not suffer and everyone would live happily ever after. The simple straight forward world of Tom Forest; he was about to learn the hard way that things are not always quite so cut and dried. Penny would be fine with it, far more so than he would realize, her children and subsequently Faith were another matter. Life for most people comes with twists and turns and the unexpected; now Dr. Forest was going to get his first lesson in lifemanship and one he would not appreciate.
Penny had briefly met with Brett in the parking lot at the end of the evening. They made arrangements to meet for dinner the following evening.  Penny had made prior lunch arrangements with a couple of the girls earlier. Both had felt the strain of keeping their hands off each that night, but they managed it and nobody present was any the wiser. As Penny had been out of town for some time she had a lot to catch up on. Who had married whom, who had gotten pregnant, who had twins, whose daughter had got herself in trouble. There were umpteen stories to get caught up on. Cindy of course knew most of it, but getting it from the horse’s mouth was far better. Family feuds were the most common and the most interesting gossip items. It was not the fact that the family was at odds with each other, people often fall out for a wide variety of reasons, but the undercurrent that caused it. Betty Driver’s family was an interesting case in point.
Betty had been a pretty wild girl herself in her day, but now it was her daughter’s turn. Given what she had been up to Betty knew the score and did not want her daughter to fall into the same traps. Parental interference however is frowned upon by teenage girls. They consider themselves to be women now and capable of being treated as adults, even if they fail to behave like them. Betty’s daughter Alice was one such teenager. She loved to play her music loud, was really into boys and liked to party. Body piercing and tattoos were all part of the equation also. Betty was freaked out by this behavior and Alice knew it. She would flaunt it in Betty’s face simply to get a rise out of her, which it did every time. This pleased Alice to no end. Betty meanwhile was terrified that Alice was going to get a reputation she could never shake if she was not careful. She had tried on numerous occasions to warn her daughter about this licentious behavior, but Alice would not listen. She would go out and party with the gang and have a wild time. Something her mother had done in her day too. Betty however had no idea just how wild Alice really was. Betty was a prude in comparison. Times had undergone serious change in the last twenty five years and so had social acceptance. What was considered normal behavior today would have been horrifying back then when Betty herself was in school? Alice was right up to the minute in that department. She would try anything for a dare and did in most instances, group sex included. It came as no surprise to anyone when she became pregnant. The question now was, “What was she going to do about it?” That is a thorny issue for anyone and it was no different for Alice. As for who the father was, well that was another matter? Some people considered the phone book to be a substitute for the suspect list of potential fathers. This would not be an easy choice to make. Betty had been dreading this event, and now it had been thrust upon her. It was considered the best thing to do was to have Alice have an abortion. She and Jeff had discussed it and decided that Alice would object to anything they suggested and probably do the opposite. Therefore they told her that she ought to consider having the child and if she didn’t want to raise it herself adoption was another option. Once Alice was consulted and given her parents suggestions, abortion was the immediate result. Betty and Jeff collectively gave a huge sigh of relief. It would be years later before Alice would appreciate that decision, having said that; there was a considerable body of people who would wholeheartedly disagree with that choice. The pro-life group would not have endorsed that decision at all. This was a debate that Betty and Jeff were not prepared to get into. There main concern was that Alice would now act responsibly and shelve her wayward behavior and basically fall back in line. Strangely enough she did just that. This incident had scared her. She was now fully familiar with the consequences of fooling around and how it could ruin your life. Admitting this to her parents however was not in the cards, but they could sense the change of attitude all the same. Jeff and Betty were happy campers now; well as happy as they could be given the circumstances. They now both hoped that Alice would stop her frivolous behaviour and act more responsibly in the future. Something her father himself would do well to emulate. His clandestine relationship with Blanche Hunt was hardly an example of righteous and responsible behaviour. He was a hypocrite and he knew it. The thought did cross his mind that maybe the good lord was punishing him for his affair with Blanche. He dismissed that thought as quickly as it appeared. Alice was unaware of that and therefore it had not been a factor and besides, he simply did not want to give up what he had with Blanche. His relationship with Betty was a completely different entity and he managed to compartmentalize the two things very effectively in his mind. He loved her and always had, Blanche just fulfilled his lust. Very effectively true enough, but that was all it was. Betty provided him with everything else and with her he could be himself and not some brave and fearless stud that Blanche thought he was. The two women were very different indeed, but Jeff Driver needed them both, albeit for very different reasons.
***
Penny gets up on the Sunday morning with a splitting headache, hardly a surprise after the previous evening’s stress and perhaps the odd refreshment or two. She had caught up with a lot of people, what had happened in their lives and what they were doing now or hoped to do in the future. It had been an interesting evening. Some of the tales had been frightening; Sue Lewis for example has been the victim of a stalker. Her story was hair raising, one simply never thinks about these things, yet they are happening every day as Susan found out. One doesn’t have to be special or prominent like a celebrity, an ordinary person can become a victim quite easily. There are a lot of evil and sick minded people out there. Last night’s event uncovered several stories that were out of the ordinary and this is just from one class. It makes you wonder just what the hell is going on out there these days. Ward and June Cleaver are long gone, it’s a real jungle out there now so it would seem. Linda Wooley was another one with a story; an all too common one today it would appear. They had all been classmates and had come to the reunion to renew that friendship. What they had renewed was a far deeper friendship than what they had before. As girls in high school the secrets and gossip that they shared was not of the same caliber as what these women shared today. The life experiences of these women had been profound and life changing and in some cases life threatening. The confidences shared now would never be divulged, they were sacred and in many cases personal and incendiary items that would mortally wound relationships if they ever became public knowledge. The frivolous banter of high school was one thing; the secrets shared now were something else again. Judgments were no longer being passed. These girls now knew that life could and did throw many curves at people, from personal experience for the most part. They knew better than to pass judgment. Placing yourself in another person’s shoes was often difficult to do. Unless you have been in that situation how can you possibly know what you would have done. This reunion had been cathartic to a large number of these women and their friendship was now stronger than ever. 
As Penny was pouring herself a cup of coffee in the kitchen Pauline comes in. 
“Well I needn’t ask how you feel she said, if you feel as bad as you look I’ll phone the funeral parlor right now shall I?”
“Just do it quietly” said Penny.
“I guess that answers my next question regarding how it went. I can see for myself, is Brett in the same state?”
“I hardly saw much of him” said Penny. “We felt it best, I’m seeing him for dinner, but you don’t know that right!”
“Got it” said Pauline.
“I’m also meeting some of the girls for lunch; I just hope I’m up for it, I look like the wrath of god”
“Amen to that” said Pauline.
“Thank you very much for that unsolicited endorsement; it’s just what I needed to hear”
“My pleasure” said Pauline laughing, “anything to help a girl out Sis you know me”
At that moment their parents came down for breakfast and that conversation ceased. Penny had two hours to get herself together for her lunch date.
Across town all the other girls attending that lunch were also starting to get ready and were in a similarly fragile state. As one put it later, every hair in her head was aching. All agreed however that it had been a more than worthwhile event.
Sue Lewis was an editor at a publishing house; she was married to Peter Mullings an architect in a large downtown firm. They had two children aged eight and ten. To all intents and purposes they were the average suburban couple. The lived conservatively did not have a lavish lifestyle and were ordinary hard working people. However, one day a local citizen decided that Susan Lewis was his personal dream girl. From that day on he started to stalk her. Sue had this eerie feeling that she was being watched, but there was nobody around when she turned to look. Peter would occasionally go out of town to building sites he was working on or projects he needed to inspect, but he was never away too long. However, whenever he did go Sue’s sense of uneasiness intensified. Her house was secure and she knew she was safe, but she just had this feeling that something was off. When she was at work the feeling seemed to be absent and so Sue began to feel like she was being paranoid. Once she left work however, the feelings returned. As she was driving home she would be constantly checking her rear view mirror to see if she was being followed. She could see nothing. When she was at home she would be checking the street constantly to see if there were any strange cars parked there.
There never was. This went on for weeks and then one day she gets a phone call. The caller said he had noticed her around and been impressed by her and simply wanted to tell her that. He had made some enquiries to find out who that lady was, as he put it, and it was you, so I am calling to let you know. That call scared the hell out of Susan and she immediately called the phone company to change her number. They did so immediately and the police were notified and the new number was monitored 24/7 by the phone company. No more calls came, the letters now started. Each one using cut out letters from a newspaper and fingerprint free on both letter and envelope. These letters were simply stating how special a person she was. There was no mention of love or any sort of sexual overtones, just that she was a special person. The police were baffled too by this. Usually these people fantasized about sex or some other facet of her life, but not this guy. They were having a hard time with this. Sue of course was freaking out as was her husband. Peter was afraid to leave her alone at night and would not leave town. He sent his assistant on everything he could so as not to go and leave Sue alone. Susan was more than grateful for that. Sue’s office was down town and she would go out for lunch with colleagues every day. On this particular day as she was waiting for the elevator she felt she was being watched, but as usual she thought she was being paranoid again. The elevator was crowded when she got on it, but the feeling persisted. She was jostled occasionally and bumped into other people and them into her. A letter a few days later pointed that out and soft and gentle a person she must be. It also described what she was wearing, including her underwear. This was really freaking Sue out now. How could he possibly know about her underwear? Were the toilets rigged in the building, or maybe the restaurant, what about her home? The police were themselves concerned now and checked all of those places, but found nothing. Sue herself was now put under surveillance. The letters stopped for a while, but both she and the police were puzzled by one thing. Why had she not been contacted at work? The person must know her number. It didn’t fit, they were missing something. The letters then started up again. Perhaps the person had been ill or on vacation? Then one day a young intern came into Sue’s office and slipped knocking some papers onto the floor. Sue bent down to pick them up and in doing so her blouse rode up exposing her underwear. Touché said the intern I’m wearing purple today also. Sue looked startled at first and then the penny dropped. Of course! If someone was watching from across the street in that high-rise, they too would have seen her underwear. That’s how they knew. Sue called the police immediately and they agreed it was a likely possibility. They caught him a few days later. The reason the letters had stopped for a while he had been on a course to head office and then taken his vacation there. Why had he done this? Well he said that Sue reminded him of a former girlfriend and she had been special. He just figured Sue would be special too. He was a little twisted, but he was not a serial killer and apparently posed no real threat to Susan in terms of physical harm. He was sent for a psyche evaluation and a court order was imposed banning him from ever contacting her again. This had happened twelve months ago. As of today he had not contacted her again and Sue was more than relieved as she had told her fellow classmates. 
“It can happen to anyone she had said. Look at me; do I look like a dream or a sex goddess? Jeez, at least one of you say I could be” she joked. “You lot sure know how to puncture an ego. Here I was thinking that I could have been and you all act like I need the psyche evaluation.”
 With that they all break up laughing. They had all heard the message though; loud and clear and they were all glad it was over for Sue.
Chapter Seven
***
Penny gets to the restaurant on time and goes in; Linda Wooley, Sue Lewis Cathy Miller and Blanche Hunt are already there. Pat Dawson had yet to arrive.
She arrived a few minutes later and sat down. They all wanted to know about Penny and how it felt like to be a celebrated author. She touched briefly on her life with Tom and the kids, but they were mainly interested in her professional life and the privileges that came with it. She was a celebrity after all and they all wanted to know the nitty gritty details of what it was like to be treated like royalty. Their own lives were pretty drab so far as they were concerned. They needed to hear that Penny’s was all glamour and intrigue. The truth seldom measures up to the fantasy and that was the case here, well officially anyway. The relationship between her and Brett while potentially volcanic was not quite at the smoldering stage yet and besides, it was still under wraps. Oh Yeah! Wouldn’t this group just love to get a hold of that bit of gossip, thought Penny? She went on to tell them about her travels and the book tours and the endless nights in hotels all over the world. When she had finished most of them realized that being a celebrity came at a price. The fame and fortune were nice, but there was a lot to be said for the fireside at home and they now began to realize it. Living in a goldfish bowl with the whole world watching your every move was not quite so appealing now. Certainly not the way Penny had described it.
Linda Wooley had them almost crying one minute and splitting their sides the next with her stories. She was divorced now and in her own words was a prowling cougar. Her ex-husband was now in jail for fraud and theft. Linda had been looking after her parent’s money when they went into a nursing home. Her husband on the other hand had been stealing it by using forged cheques. The parents had a joint account with Linda and she used this to pay the bills. The savings account was the one where most of the money was and Linda would simply transfer over what she needed as and when required. Her husband and his girlfriend would go to the bank and cash the forged cheques on a regular basis. Savings accounts don’t generally provide statements on a monthly basis and so it was some time before Linda realized that something was not right. He had milked her parents for thousands of dollars. The police were called in and he was caught in the act. Linda had not challenged him as most wives would have. She was just about to, but then decided against it as he would only deny it and take defensive action. This way he would be taken unawares. She was furious that he could have done such a thing. Then when she learned that he had a bimbo on the side, Linda went into orbit. They had no children, which in itself was a blessing. The kids would be spared the ordeal of seeing their parents fight and one get hauled off to jail. Most of the money was returned, but by no means all of it. The husband and the bimbo had been living the good life on that cash. Linda was now off men for good. She was telling this story to the group over lunch and were all recoiling in horror to think that anyone could do that to elderly people.
“That did it with men for me” said Linda. “I just couldn’t believe I was married to such a jerk. How could I possibly have not seen that in him over the years? I actually loved him too, can you believe that. Well that’s it I’m done with them now, that’s it for me and men.”
All the other women nodded and said they could certainly understand why.
Any woman who had had that experience would no doubt feel the same way.
“You’ll notice I said men”, said Linda, “I didn’t mention boys.”
The women now looked at her in disbelief.
“What!” they all said together, not quite sure that they had heard what they thought they had heard.
“You heard right” said Linda. “Men are a pain.” “You have to pick up after them, baby them, stroke their ego’s, cater to their whims, listen to their problems with their boss and then give them sex that you get nothing out of.” “Nah I’m done with that.”
The women just listened dumbfounded and looked around at each other. She certainly seemed serious about it; there was no doubt about that. It was no joke.
“So men are out and boys are in said Blanche, is that what you are telling us.”
“Oh Yeah” said Linda. “This way I get to call all the shots and I’m answerable to no one but myself.” “I can go shopping and come and go as I please and there is nobody to police me and say I can’t.” “I can laze around the house and clean or not clean as it suits me. I’m free and I love it.” 
“So where do the boys fit in asked Sue?”
“Oh I just use them when I’m horny” she replied.
The other women almost fell off their chairs. They couldn’t believe she had just said that.
“What do you do when you feel horny, phone “dial a stud” and wait for this Greek God to show up?” quipped Penny.
The rest of the girls howled with laughter at that suggestion.
“No I go out to a singles bar; there’s no shortage of lounge lizards there.” “I never even have to buy myself a drink.” “The young girls are high maintenance, but us mature women are not.” “The guys think we will be so grateful too. These young studs are all lined up and I can take my pick so to speak.” “It can be stressful, selecting the right stallion, but I manage.”
“Yes I can see how tough that must be on you” said Blanche and they all fold up laughing yet again.”
“Hey, don’t knock it, this way you call the shots.” “There’s none of this Wham, Bam, Thank You Ma’am crap.” “That’s what husbands dish out, not these guys.” “You tell them what you want and they provide the goods, and they certainly have the goods too.” You just train them like seals to perform to your specifications and throw them the odd fish here and there.”
Once again the women fold up in stitches, each conjuring up an image in their mind of this underwear model as their personal sex slave.
Linda then brought them back down to earth.
“Of course, sometimes you have to mother them and show them the ropes. I feel like a sex therapist at times.”
“What! questioned Cathy Just how old are these guys? It depends said Linda, I never check their ID.”
They erupt again at this and more images flash through their minds. Jeez, who is this woman, is she kidnapping schoolboys or what? Their sides are aching as they try to conjure up an idea of the scene Linda has described. 
“They have staying power she said and can perform and perform and after a while perform again. How long has it been since your man did that – don’t answer that she added?”
“Well when I say staying power, I don’t mean sticking around type of staying. They are good for one night only and then they reach their personal expiry date as far as I’m concerned. I’m into tadpoles, I don’t want them to turn into frogs, I was married to one of them and her sure didn’t turn into a prince when I kissed him, the slimy bastard, he was one giant wart.”
The girls just lost it and totally fell apart at that statement. All of them were laughing so hard they had tears in their eyes. Now here was woman with serious man issues. It was all in good fun and they were all joking, but for how much longer could Linda do this. Right now she had the looks, but they fade. She could only enjoy this for a limited time period. After that????? The fantasy sounded appealing; but upon deeper reflection they decided that their own life was far more preferable than the artificial life Linda had created for herself. Not one of them was prepared to burst her bubble by mentioning that fact. It also made Blanche Hunt stop and take a long hard look at what she was doing. She knew it couldn’t go on for ever, but she was not quite ready to call it a day. This had been a wakeup call for her and she was now looking at her behavior in a more realistic light. That day would be coming and sooner rather than later after this revelation. It had been light hearted fun, but a chord had been struck in many of those women. Their own significant others were now viewed in a whole new light. 
When the lunch was over all the women went their separate ways. Tomorrow was Monday and the start of the work week for most of them. Penny on the other hand would now be staying a little longer than she had originally planned. 
That evening she was going out to dinner with Brett again and once more Pauline would be needed to run interference and to keep the parents at bay. Both girls knew they couldn’t keep this up indefinitely, but for tonight at least it should be possible. They pulled the same maneuver as the last time and once again it worked. Penny’s parents didn’t question any of it. Cindy was there this time and even she was kept in the dark. Pauline was saying nothing to anyone. Penny would let them all know when she was ready. Until then she would keep her word and say nothing.
As they are sitting in the restaurant, Brett is telling Penny just how tough it had been on him on Saturday night. 
“I had to sit there and all I could do was look at you across the room” he said, “what I really wanted to do was to go over and hold you and kiss you and tell you I loved you.” “I couldn’t and it was killing me.”
“I know Brett, darling, I felt exactly the same.” “I wanted to be in your arms all night, but I had to settle for far less and I missed you terribly.” “All I kept thinking about was tonight.” “At least we have this.” “I was worried when you and Billy had to throw Buddy out.” “I didn’t want you getting hurt.”
“Oh we were fine Penny.” “Buddy is a big galoot and very mouthy, but he was too drunk to do much that night.” “Billy and I handled him just fine.”
“Did the police take him away, I never saw the end.”
“No, we put him in a taxi and sent him home with a few words of wisdom.”
“Well he never came back so I guess they worked” said Penny.”
“Yeah! it sure looks that way.” “So tell me how did your lunch with the girls go?”
“Oh we had a great time, just catching up you know, girl stuff.”
 She did not want to relate all of the stories she had heard over that lunch period. Brett did not pursue it further. Few men would, when the term girl stuff is mentioned, men usually tune out from that point on. Brett did just that this time and the subject was changed. They started chatting in general terms now and how long it might take for the divorce to become final and more to the point who was going to file and when. Penny explained her position and Brett had no problem with it. He would remain in the background until the time was right and then take it from there. After they had finished the meal, Brett asked Penny if she would like to see his house. 
“Penny would you like to drop by my house on the way home so you can see where I live.” “No strings” he stammered when he realized how that sounded.
“Yes that would be nice” said Penny.
They drive to the outskirts of town and up to his house which he himself had built. It was more like a mansion than a house, it was beautiful, but Penny couldn’t see that in the dark. Brett was about to drive off, when Penny said,
“Don’t I get to see inside Brett?”
“Well I didn’t want you to think,”
She stopped him in mid-sentence, “Brett I trust you, darling, that is not an issue.”
They go inside and he shows her all over the house. As they are coming down the circular staircase, he stops at the bottom and turns around. Penny is on the stair above and he just wraps his arms around her. Without hesitation Penny, just drops her head and kisses him, totally content to stay there in his arms. They would both love to rush back upstairs and dive into bed, but they can’t, not yet. Brett gently lifts her off that stair and sets her down gently on the floor. She is still in that fiery embrace and their lips are locked together. Neither wanted that to end, but finally Brett broke away and said, 
“I better take you home Penny; it’s not what I want to do, but it is what I have to do.”
“I know darling, I want you as much as you want me, but we can’t yet I’m sorry.”
“I do love you with all my heart though Brett, you know that.”
“I know Penny; you are worth waiting for even if it is killing me.”
“One day soon, darling, it won’t be too much longer” said Penny.
Ten seconds was far too long for Brett, but he had no choice and he loved her enough to struggle through the waiting period. It was equally difficult for Penny.
Pat Dawson had sat through the lunch and listened to all the stories, before she told hers. Even then she sugar coated it and omitted some of the more depressing details. Pat had gone to university with the rest of them and graduated with a degree in social work and then went on to get her MSW. Upon graduation she secured employment in a local hospital. At first things were going well and she enjoyed her work, but gradually things started to unravel for Pat. Her mother became ill and she was obliged to spend a considerable amount of time and energy looking after her as well as do her job. Her dad helped out as much as he could, but he was getting old and was not in the best of shape himself. He had arthritis pretty bad and he also had a mild heart condition. He certainly tried to take as much of the strain off Pat as he could, but it was hard for him. Pat had come home one day to find her dad lying on the floor in the kitchen with her mother’s dinner tray on the table. He had made her dinner, placed it on the tray to take up to her, but he had a stroke and collapsed. He had died there some time later. Pat was distraught by this. She had loved her dad very much and they had done so much together all of their lives. This was a loss she would not soon recover from. Her mother too was driven to distraction by the loss of her husband and she deteriorated in terms of health. In fact she had now lost the will to live and became very depressed. Pat recognized this immediately and secured the necessary help for her mother. What nobody saw however was Pat’s need for her own counseling sessions. The stress at home plus the stress at work was having an effect. This lovely young woman was now on a downward spiral and nobody caught on to this fact. In effect she was at work 24/7 either looking after her mom or she was at work looking after everyone else. She had no social life whatsoever and very few friends. The resulting breakdown was inevitable. One day at work her supervisor noticed she was not quite right and had intended to speak to her about it, but she left it too late. Pat exploded and was hospitalized on the spot. The supervisor knew her mom needed care and arranged for emergency care to be provided. It was only then that people realized just what Pat had to contend with every day. Arrangements were made immediately to place her mom in a residential facility that could provide the round the clock care that she really needed. Pat had fallen through the cracks in the system. As long as she was living at home to help her mom, the system would do nothing. She had a built in caregiver and that satisfied the systems requirements. Pat’s welfare however was never on the radar. Well now that her mother had no caregiver, she could receive the help she needed. Pat however, was required to have a nervous breakdown first before the system kicked in. The doctor in charge of her care made a point of mentioning this fact in his report. He had questioned how come this woman had been forced into this critical situation and her colleagues had not noticed. A stringent review of the hospital caseloads was undertaken forthwith to determine the stress level of all the social workers. This should not have happened, and it must certainly never happen again.
When Pat came out of therapy and went back home she was given some time off. Paid sick leave was the official description given to this. She had gone down to Jamaica for some sun and relaxation. During the day she would sit and read on the beach or go for walks. In the evenings after dinner she would also go for moonlight walks on the beach and listen to the ripple of the waves. It was warm and in itself very therapeutic. She was still rather lonely, but she was used to that. On the third day Pat was sitting on the beach when one of those beach Romeos strolled up. They prey on single women on the beach. In fact some women come down specifically to be seduced by these young Jamaican men. Back home they are spinster ladies, librarians, school-marms, secretaries and church workers; women who must maintain an image of propriety at all times. Once in Jamaica, all of that goes by the wayside and they live it up for a few days. This would now happen to Pat. The young man came up to her and he had his patter perfected to an art. Pat soon offered to take him to dinner and in return he could show her around and see some sights. This was how the game was played down there. The ladies paid for everything. The men would romance these women and the warm tropical setting did the rest. Pat’s evening walks on the beach took on a whole new dimension now. The hotels would not allow the local Lotharios into the hotels. They wanted no part of that and were afraid of lawsuits. The beach was certainly large enough to accommodate them all. Pat needed this kind of therapy too. It had been far too long since she had been on a date, even if she was paying for it. The young man knew what words to say and when to say them. Pat was hungry to hear them. Once they found a suitable spot on the beach Pat was just as eager as the Jamaican to enjoy the fruits of his labors. It had been a long time since Pat had enjoyed a relationship of any kind. This fling, however fleeting, provided her with the release that she so badly needed. It was money well spent so far as she was concerned. However, it was an adventure she was not prepared to disclose to anyone when she returned back home. That included the girls at the lunch. She had told them she went to Jamaica, the sexual favors of the beach boy she decided to exclude. She felt that they may not quite grasp the sense of desperate need that she had felt back then. Unknown to her at the time, more than one of those women would indeed have understood as they themselves had been in similar situations at one time or another. As for the payment aspect, they would willingly have bought dinner for someone too at that time if they were to perform the same services as the beach boy. Pat felt uncomfortable mentioning that item, most women would, but she was by no means unique. Polite society however sets standards of behavior and morality that are acceptable to the majority of its citizens. Go beyond those and one runs the risk of being branded a rebel or worse. Pat did not wish that to be the case and erred on the side of caution. Her secret tryst in Jamaica remained just that, a secret. If she hadn’t told these girls, she would never tell anyone. Pat had recently been dating a man she had met by chance in the library. Who knows where that may lead in the days ahead? 
***
The following Monday morning Cindy was at the cash register as usual and she heard all to gossip about the weekend reunion. She felt as if she had been there. She could quote you who wore what, who sat where and who saw what going on under the various tables. It was quite hilarious she thought. She knew all about Buddy being thrown out, but that story had legs. It took five guys to hold him down, but not before he had decked a few, broke one guy’s jaw too by one account. The story got better as the day wore on. By day’s end he had been carted off in handcuffs by two burly cops in a police car shouting obscenities at them and everyone else. Cindy took it all in stride and paid little heed to any of it. Oh she knew there would be some truth in there somewhere, but past experience told her that most of this was claptrap. She did learn something new though. One customer had been telling another that she had seen Alan Garth with a woman in the parking lot.
 “She worked at the hospital I think, a social worker or something the woman had said; her name is Pat something.”
 Cindy then remembered Penny saying that Pat Dawson was a social worker. So the guy she had met in the library was Alan Garth, well now, how about that. Cindy knew Alan he was a very nice quiet man. His wife had run off with her boss and she had been killed in a boating accident while on holiday six months later. Alan took a long time to get over that and now he was raising his six year old daughter on his own. The thought of Pat and Alan together pleased Cindy. Those two would be good together she thought. Alan was a kind compassionate and caring man and Pat could use that big time after what she had been through. She sincerely hoped it would work out for them both. Alan was Brett Stark’s foreman and when Brett went through his rough patch it was Alan who stood by him and helped him run the business. Brett had not forgotten that act of loyalty. He was just waiting for the right time to show it in a more tangible form than a few words of thanks. Brett knew Pat, but at this time he did not know that Alan did. That news would be a welcome surprise when it came. 
Chapter Eight
***
Tom Forest was not pleased that Penny had decided to stay a few extra days in Markton. That did not suit his plans at all. He had been practicing all weekend on just what to say to Penny and how to phrase it. Splitting up a marriage is never easy and even worse when children are involved. He had agonized over this strangely enough and that had even surprised him. Was he doing the right thing, could he and Penny really start over and make it work? This was not something to do lightly and without thought. As he was deliberating, visions of Faith would creep into his thoughts and that tipped the scale each time. It wasn’t that she was younger and prettier and perhaps sexier, all of those were debatable. She was however far more adulating and hero worshiping. Tom very much needed his ego stroking far more than any other part of his anatomy and Faith was very good at that. Penny didn’t do that, he was just Tom to her, not a god as Faith saw him. That tipped the scale every time and so the time had now arrived to deliver the news. The problem was it had to be done face to face and Penny wasn’t here. He was quite annoyed by that. When he went to work that day he was like a bear with a sore head and his staff kept right out of his way whenever they could. He was also brusque with one of his patients that day. That patient however had clout and after his consultation he complained to the chairman of the hospital. Tom was called into the office and given a severe dressing down and told to write a formal apology to the man. He reluctantly agreed and he complied with that order. That did not improve his mood, but he was more cautious with the patients after that. Even the great Tom Forest was replaceable, something the hospital chairman had pointed out in no uncertain terms. One simply had to treat people with respect and if this was not possible, then an alternative line of work should be considered. 
“Medicine is a calling Tom, people come to you for help when they are sick. You took an oath to help them. I realize that some patients are less than ideal, some downright rude. They, like you, can have their off days. Unlike you however, they did not take an oath and they do not have the power of life and death in their hands. That is an awesome responsibility, Tom; patients need to feel that you are on their side in trying to help them. Shouting at them or belittling them is not the most effective approach in winning their confidence, Tom. Furthermore, it is totally unprofessional and definitely unacceptable behaviour from a senior member of staff. This hospital enjoys a stellar reputation for patient care, because we do actually care about our patients. I expect that even more from my senior staff, Tom. You must set an example to your junior staff. It starts at the top. The gentleman you insulted this morning was a personal friend of mine and a significant benefactor to this hospital. You will issue a formal apology to him, Tom, and do it today. If you are under stress take a few days off. Do not give me cause again to have such an unpleasant conversation Tom, is that clearly understood?”
“Yes Sir, it won’t happen again” said Tom.
“Good, that’s the end of the matter, have a good day Tom.”
Tom left the chairman’s office seething. He felt like a naughty schoolboy being disciplined by the principal. What irked him even more was the fact that the chairman was quite right. He knew he was in the wrong; it was all Penny’s fault. If she had come home on time this would never have happened. The blame was now being unconsciously diverted to her. Taking personality responsibility was not something Tom Forest was accustomed to, but he knew deep down that he alone was responsible for this mess and that annoyed him even more. Faith however would stroke his ego again that night; amongst other things, and make it all magically disappear. She was good at doing that. After all she was a psychologist and she knew how to calm Tom down, even if she didn’t know the reasons behind his stress.
Penny came home a few days later as promised and Tom couldn’t wait to give her his decision. Penny hardly had time to unpack her cases before he started in on her. 
“I think you and I need to have a serious talk” he had said.
“Oh what about?” asked Penny.
“Us” said Tom.
“What about us?” questioned Penny acting dumb.
“We just aren’t on the same page anymore, we are both miserable and we are only sticking together for the sake of the kids. I think we should get a divorce.”
“Oh and when did you reach that conclusion?” she asked.
 “This last weekend, I just sat down and got thinking and I realized I was not happy anymore, I want out.”
“Oh, so you’ve decided that I’m the problem am I?”
“I never said that,” said Tom. “In fact I’m not blaming anyone, it’s just a fact. We don’t get along anymore. You are away more than you are here and when you are here we never talk. We don’t have a sex life to speak of and when we do, it’s just like going through the motions. We don’t turn each other on anymore, Penny and you know it. We both deserve better than that and I think divorce is the answer. What do you think?”
“Well up until a minute ago I hadn’t given the matter any thought. You on the other hand have, and obviously come to the conclusion that our marriage is over, or at least not worth fighting for. Apparently I am never around, and when I am we never talk. Our sex life is boring or mechanical at best and so I’m therefore no good in bed or fail to satisfy you anymore. Does that just about cover it, Tom, or have I missed out something?”
“I wouldn’t have quite put it like that, but in essence that’s about right, he said.”
“Well there is little else to be said then is there,” said Penny.
“Well aren’t you going to curse and swear and call me names or something?”
 “Why?” “What good would that do; it certainly wouldn’t change anything. You don’t love me anymore, I can’t change that Tom, yelling and screaming would only reinforce that perception that you have of me. Why should I produce a broomstick and prove it?”
“I never said that you were witch Penny; don’t put words in my mouth.”
“Well it sure sounded pretty much like it to me”
“I never said I didn’t love you, you said that.”
“Excuse me! are you trying to tell me that in fact you do love me?” Have I got all of this wrong? You don’t really want a divorce, just for me to change, is that it?”
“That is not what I am saying and you know it.”
“Let’s get this straight, do you love me Yes or No?”
“It’s not that simple.”
 “Yes or No dammit.”
“OK No! are you happy now?”
“Well it took me long enough but I got the truth out of you in the end”
“Who is she?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Oh come on Tom; please don’t try that crap with me.”
“What she? I don’t know what you are talking about?”
“OK if that’s the way you want to play it I shall explain in little details. I am enquiring as to the identity of the whore that you are screwing behind my back. How do I know this? Because men do not leave one woman before they have another one to replace them with. That is a known fact. Now is that clear enough Tom?”
“I am not seeing anyone else said Tom.”
“Bullshit” said Penny immediately, “you know it and I know it. However, you can have your divorce Tom. I don’t know you anymore. I will move up to Markton until we can sell the house and settle the financial arrangements.”
“Fine” he said, “I’ll call my lawyer in the morning. Do you have one yet?”
“What am I, clairvoyant?” snapped Penny. Until a few minutes ago I didn’t know that I would need one.  When I get around to calling her, I’ll be using Mary Marsh, she’s in the book.”
That concluded that phase of the operation, both of them feeling as though they had dodged a bullet, but for very different reasons. Penny was now over the moon. She could move back to Markton and her beloved Brett. Tom had kept Faith’s name out of it, nobody knew she existed, or so he thought. Their lawyers would be filing the papers the following week. This divorce would be as amicable as a divorce can be, neither party wanted to rock the boat.
A few days later Penny had a removal van take what possessions she wanted back up to Markton, Tom had no objections to anything she wished to take. The custody issues were resolved quite easily. Penny was to be the custodian, but Tom had unfettered access. Nobody had a problem in that regard; holidays would be shared or alternated as would childcare expenses. Tom for his part could now relax; he was essentially a free agent now. Faith would be really happy about that. He had disposed of the wicked witch and now the beautiful young princess could move in. Well figuratively anyway. There was the small matter of selling the house, unless of course he bought Penny’s share off her. That could be dicey; Faith may not wish to live in Penny’s house. He made a wise decision and let the house go up for sale. He most certainly dodged a bullet on that one. In time that would prove to be a very good decision.
Brett was delighted to have Penny back in town. He went to work each day with a fresh spring in his step now. He would be seen whistling and smiling when he went around visiting his sites and his crews had noticed this change in him. This was something he had not done since his wife and daughter died. They were unaware as to what had caused this change in Brett, but they were pleased for him. He had been good to them and, as bosses go, they had few complaints. Many similar contractors laid workers off when things tightened up in the industry, Brett did his best to keep them on the payroll and this they appreciated. Times were good right now and Brett’s order book was pretty full. He had an excellent reputation in town and was generally everybody’s first choice as a contractor for most jobs. Alan was a very good estimator and his quotes were usually spot on. Other firms had tried to lure him away from Brett, but he was loyal to Brett and would not move. Alan himself was in a very good mood these days also. He had Pat Dawson in his life now. It was early days in the relationship, but he felt it was going well. Pat had told him about her breakdown and that hadn’t fazed him at all. She had also told him certain details about her recuperation in Jamaica, other aspects of that were best left alone and would never be mentioned again. We all have are secrets don’t we? As it happened Alan would have been able to handle that news too. He was not a judgmental person and the past was the past, he tended to dwell on the present and the future. Past mistakes were a part of life, but they made you who you were today. It was that person Alan saw and that was all that mattered to him. Pat had been through the mill in her life. Alan felt that he could brighten her life as much as she did his and that was now his mission. Pat felt the same way, but was still a little cautious. Her past would put many men off if they knew all the details. Actually being herself made her nervous for that reason. Alan however seemed to like who she was and gradually she had let her guard down and told him almost everything. He was still interested even after knowing all of that, thought Pat. That fact now encouraged Pat to relax and be the woman she was, no pretense or false airs to gain acceptance. She could just be Pat with Alan and that was good enough. Most of us take that for granted. Pat had questioned that ever since her breakdown. How would others see her now, was she acceptable as an equal, would they be her friend and let her be theirs? Experience had taught her that some people did view her differently now and had placed a distance between them and her. This had destroyed her self-confidence for quite a while. When Alan came along she was in a fragile state, but slowly but surely he was building her self-esteem back up. Pat was now working again as a social worker and her confidence level was high. Her relationship with Alan was going well and hopefully would lead somewhere. She didn’t wish to jinx it by hoping for too much. She need not have worried; Alan was on the same page. Pat was breath of fresh air to him and he could see a future with her quite clearly. Time would take care of the details and not too much time either, he thought.
***
Penny was now settling in to her new life in Markton and to moving in with her parents. This was a tough transition, her university days had put an end to living under her parent’s roof and she had become more than used to her freedom. How would it be now, would her mom and dad let her be the woman she had become or would they act like she was just their child?  Her father took her aside when she moved in and assured her they would try to let her be herself. It was a talk that Penny appreciated. It also turned out to be true. Her parents did allow her to be herself and they did not try to police her. She was not asked where she was going and who with. If she chose to tell them that was fine, but her parents never asked. In fact they learned far more this way as Penny was far less guarded. She had still not mentioned anything about Brett to anyone except Pauline. This was being kept under wraps until the divorce was final. There was no need to complicate matters. The less Tom knew the better. She did not need some lawyer to become adversarial and try to squeeze out a few more fees and get Tom irate with allegations of adultery or fornication or anything else for that matter. She had to be seen as a puritan in case some PI had been hired to discredit her. Penny didn’t think Tom would do that, but she played it safe all the same. As it happened, Tom did not play dirty. He just wanted it over quickly and that is what he told his lawyer. The papers were drawn up and signed within ten days and filed with the court. It was just a formality now, providing nobody rocked the boat that is. Both parties had a vested interest in keeping that boat steady and that is what they did. One month later it becomes official, they are now divorced. Penny and Brett can now go public and take things to the next level.
Tom on the other hand is not quite so euphoric, Faith Stewart is not quite as enamored with him anymore. This constant ego stroking has become wearing and she is getting tired of it. Tom never praises her achievements, but she has to adulate his, and this she finds to be insulting and inconsiderate. He may be a big man in the hospital, but he is not the only one. Something she has now become acutely aware of. A handsome new neurosurgeon had joined the staff and they had hit it off from the start. Faith had not mentioned Tom to the new man and he was unaware of any conflicts. Faith hoped that by the time he found out Tom would be history and the new man would have formed an attachment to her. She was right on both counts. Two days after he received notice that his divorce papers had been filed Faith gave him the brush off. It was skillfully done and no mention was made of the new man in her life. Dr. David Wall was a friend of Jimmy Mitchell. He was several years younger, but they had met when Jimmy had been his boss and Dr. Wall was a young intern on his surgical rotation in the hospital. He was completely unaware of Faith’s association with Tom Forest and Tom was unaware of him. Faith had done a good job of keeping them both in the dark. Like Penny she had kept her relationship with David quiet and away from hospital gossip. Only much later would it become public knowledge and by that time Tom never associated David Wall as being the fly in his ointment and the reason Faith left him. He had been very thankful now that he had sold his house and not yet bought another. Tom was about to undergo a period of reflection. He was 45 years old now and outside of his career he had become rudderless. The kids were with their mother and were growing more distant as time went by. The loneliness he was about to experience would in fact turn out to be cathartic for Tom Forest. The man that would emerge would be a very different one indeed from the man he had been. This would prove to be very beneficial to a large number of people.
***
Braxton Enterprises was about to undergo an extension to the head office and tenders were being submitted for the jobs. Brett Stark had submitted one too. It was a very big job, but Brett figured he was ready to tackle one of this size now. He had spoken to Alan and sought his opinion and Alan had said go for it. He too felt that Stark construction was capable now of handling such a job. They may have to sub contract out one or two bits, but Alan figured he had the contacts who owed Stark a few favors. They had helped a lot of people in the past, it shouldn’t be a problem. This contract would really give the firm a boost if they landed it. They were capable of doing it, but it might just stretch their resources a little. However, both Brett and Alan were prepared to stick their necks out and go for it.
Tony Braxton himself did not involve himself in the negotiations or quote selection process. He had executives to handle that. It was purely by choice that he saw that Stark Construction was on the short list of three. It was lying on the Senior VP’s desk when he had walked in and saw it on top of a pile of paper work. He casually asked if a decision had been made yet and was told not yet. It was a toss-up as all three were excellent firms. 
“Do you have any preference” asked the VP 
“No not really” said Tony, “it’s your decision, do what you think is best. Have you ever used any of them before?” he asked.
“No, but I have heard that Stark was pretty good.” “So have I” said the VP, “that solves that problem” and he moves the file to the out box.
Brett now had the job and no strings had been pulled. He was awarded it on merit and reputation and not Penny’s friendship with Cathy. A few days later he was given the news in writing together with the contract. He waltzed it across to his lawyer and then signed it and sent it back accepting the job. 
He was a very happy man that night and when Penny called round she could tell something big had happened. She had hardly set her foot through the door before he had swept her off her feet and kissed her. It was a hard kiss and he had almost crushed her to death doing it. Brett suddenly realized this and let her down gently and apologized for his brutal welcome. He gave her the good news and then kissed her again. This time without overpowering her, well not with force anyway. His embrace was gentle, but Penny was very much aware of the power in his arms. His kiss this time was gentle but powerful in terms of passion. She could almost feel her pleasure meter zooming upwards. Penny was caressing Brett’s neck and responding to his passion with a passion of her own. This had been building for some time now and there was no way to stop it this time. Brett picked her up bodily and carried her upstairs.  He set her down gently in the bedroom and slid down the zipper on her dress and unhooked her bra. Penny never took her arms off his neck. Brett had to pry them off to let her dress and bra fall to the floor and even then she put them right back around his neck again. Penny had been waiting a long time for this moment and she was more than ready for what she knew would be a mind blowing experience. Brett undressed her and laid her on the bed and then undressed himself and lay beside her. Ah thought Penny, he is still the same, he still has that awesome body, and he has certainly kept in shape. Brett was thinking exactly the same thing. Penny still looked amazing even after two kids. She still had an hourglass figure and her beauty was the same as it was twenty years ago. He rolls Penny onto her stomach and begins to massage her shoulders and her back. Oh this is just wonderful Penny says to herself. Brett ran his hands and his fingers into all the right spots and went all the way down to her feet. He spent a few minutes rubbing her feet before turning her over and repeating the treatment. Penny is totally relaxed now and enjoying all this pampering. Brett now turns up the heat a little and begins to work on her breasts. Penny soon starts to get aroused now despite being so relaxed. The sensations her body is feeling she hasn’t felt in quite some time. She can’t ever remember Tom having this effect on her when he touched her. Brett now moves farther south and really turns up the heat. Penny is now subjected to his oral magic which was worthy of an Olympic Gold Medal and she is driven to distraction by it. Penny is going insane now, his every touch raises her desire, but Brett stops it suddenly and allows Penny to cool down. She had not expected that. He soon started up again and this time he did not stop. Penny was on fire now. She was no longer able to control the intensity of her passion. Brett sensed that Penny was getting close and he turned up the heat even more. He could feel her body thrusting upward to meet his in its lustful search for gratification. It was at this point that Brett entered her, and Penny immediately erupted with volcanic ferocity. Her squeals of delight filled the room as Brett brought her to orgasm. The waves of pleasure swept over her like a tsunami of ecstasy. She was feeling sensations in places she never knew she had and it was beyond wonderful.  Brett had taken her to places she had never been before and given her multiple orgasms enroute. He truly was a magnificent lover. When it was finished they both lay back totally exhausted. The energy expended in that exercise would have powered a small city for a week, or so Penny believed. They both just lay there wrapped in each other’s arms, totally content with the world and everything in it. The love that they felt for each other was beyond measure and this explosive display of passion had been inevitable, it was long overdue.
“Oh Brett that was simply fantastic she said. It was truly wonderful
“That was the best sex I have ever had without a doubt”. “You have got better as you have grown older she said.”
“No Penny, I just never had the inspiration before tonight.” “Your beauty, the intoxicating smell of your perfume and your love was the cause of that.” “I just had to drive you wild tonight.” “You deserved nothing less and this is only the beginning he said.”
“Wow!” she said “I just hope I can stand it.” “I am not used to feeling such intense sensations Brett, they were truly wonderful and I loved it, just as much as I love you darling” she added.”
“Now if I can change the subject, Brett, what are we doing for dinner?” “Would you like me to make something here, order in, or do we go out to eat?” “That will be my treat after what you just did” she said. 
“It most certainly will not” said Brett, “I have already booked a table at Bruce’s.”
“Oh my” said Penny, “Bruce’s; tonight, it must be really special.”
“Yeah he said it is, you don’t get contracts like this every day.”
 “Well I’m really pleased for you Brett I really am” said Penny and she thought no more about it.
Half way through the meal Bruce himself comes over to the table and enquires as to how the meal had been so far. They tell him is had been absolutely superb. I am so pleased he said. He then looked at Penny and said, 
“I was trying out a new feature tonight and I wanted you to be the first to try it, if you agree of course.” “You are our hometown celebrity now.”
“I would love to Bruce, thank you very much,” Penny said.
 Bruce now called over one of his waiters who was carrying a silver salver. He placed it in front of Penny and Bruce put his hand on the lid and said, 
“Are you ready, Penny.”
“Yes I’m ready” she said and he lifted off the lid. Penny was not ready for what lay underneath that cover. There on the dish was a beautiful diamond ring in a velvet box. On the card beside it the words said: 
“To Penny my lifetime dream, love Brett. There was a P.S. added at the bottom. “Please say, Yes! Penny.” 
Penny just looked at this dumbstruck. Her eyes just filled up and she could not speak, the joy in her heart overwhelmed her. She flung her arms around Brett and cried. Then she said “Yes!” Bruce slapped Brett on the back and told him he was a lucky man, then bent down and kissed Penny.
“You have a good man there” he whispered in her ear.
Penny now excused herself and shot into the ladies room to repair the damage Brett’s surprise had done to her make up. This had taken her completely by surprise. She had not been expecting this tonight, one day for sure, but not tonight. This had come right out of the blue and Penny was totally unprepared for it. She kept glancing down at the ring on her finger still mesmerized by it. The ring was beautiful, not overly ostentatious, but it certainly was noticeable and the setting was lovely. It was a one of a kind and Brett had it specially made for Penny. She was walking on clouds right now. This had been a really beautiful evening. As she emerged from the ladies room she felt as if she was floating across the room. Brett was like a dog with two tails he was so happy. It was now official; he was now engaged to the most beautiful woman in the world. What a night! Rapturous did not even come close to describing it. He went to sleep a very happy man that night. Penny on the other hand had to tell Pauline first before she had any chance at all of getting a wink of sleep.
“Let me see the ring let me see the ring” were Pauline’s first words.
“Oh Penny it’s gorgeous, just look at that rock, it’s beautiful,” she said.
 When she told her how it was delivered she just gasped, 
“Oh how romantic, he’s definitely a keeper Penny.” 
 “You think?” said Penny laughing.
The pair of them sat up talking into the wee hours. Pauline was so happy for her sister. It was high time Penny had some real joy in her life and Brett seemed to be the ideal man to provide it. After tonight there could be precious little doubt about that.
Chapter Nine
***
Brett had been poring over paperwork all morning in his office. He had a lot of contracts on the go at present and some were nearing completion. In addition, not only did he have the new Braxton contract to complete, several others had come in also. He had explained to the companies concerned that he couldn’t get to them right away due to his volume, but they said they could wait. They wanted Stark Construction to do the work. They had even explained why and those reasons pleased Brett immensely. They were very flattering and certainly heartwarming. Also that morning he had telephoned his lawyer on another matter and he had just phoned Brett back now to say that he had all the paperwork done and they were ready for signature anytime he wanted to drop in. Well now that’s perfect timing thought Brett. This calls for another celebration; he says to himself and picks up the phone to call Penny. He also invited Alan and Pat and they agreed, although they couldn’t understand what was being celebrated. This time it was not at Bruce’s, last week’s celebration had indeed been a special event, this evening’s was not on the same scale. Others however may not have shared that opinion once they discovered the purpose of this celebration.
They met at the restaurant at 7:30 pm and were ushered to their table. The usual table conversation was taking place and they had just finished the entrée and were waiting for dessert when Pat noticed Penny’s ring. 
“Oh my God!” said Pat, “is that what I think it is” she said.
“Yes it is” said Penny “we got engaged last week.”
“That’s wonderful” said Pat “I’m so happy for you both” and she got up out of her chair and went and hugged both Brett and Penny and kissed them too. Alan got up and kissed Penny and shook Brett’s hand and congratulated them both.
“Let me take a closer look at that ring” said Pat. “Oh Penny it’s absolutely gorgeous” said Pat. “That setting is beautiful it really is.”  Pat then went on to say;
“I wondered what tonight was about, now I know.”
“Well actually that isn’t the reason” said Brett. “I have been doing a lot of thinking lately, more so since Penny entered my life.” “It occurred to me that you, Alan, are in a rather similar situation now too seeing as you have Pat in your life. We are both family men and starting out fresh with two beautiful women and we each now have children to take care of and give a future to. I thought back a few years to a time that the company was struggling to survive and I too was doing the same. The company survived and because of it, so did I. The reason for that, Alan, was largely due to you. It was a devastating period in my life and I was a total wreck. I hit the bottle as you well know and went completely off the rails. You stood by me and never flinched. You took over the reins and you kept us all afloat and I really did appreciate it, Alan. I promised myself that when things picked up I wouldn’t forget that effort you made. As I look at you and Pat right now I know what I am about to do is the perfect thing for all of us. Friendship like yours Alan is very hard to find in this world and it is something to be cherished when one is fortunate to find it. I appreciate yours very much Alan and now I’d like to express just how much.”
Brett now took out an envelope from his pocket with letterhead on it and handed it to Alan. As Alan read it, tears well up in his eyes. Pat looked at him with a puzzled look, why was he seemingly so upset? He hadn’t yet opened the envelope. Alan was now all choked up and simply could not speak. The letterhead read, “Stark and Garth Contracting Ltd.” He was being made a partner. When he discovered he was getting 49% he completely broke down. This time Brett got up and gave him a hug and now both men were in tears. Alan thought that perhaps he might be getting a bonus because the firm had been doing well, but nothing like that had ever crossed his mind. Pat was crying too now and didn’t know what to say. She was so happy for Alan and she could clearly see how overcome he was by it all. Penny knew beforehand what was going to happen and was prepared, sort of. Seeing Alan cry did it for her. Brett had done a beautiful thing and seeing Alan respond the way he had finished her. She liked Alan and Pat they were very nice people and Alan so deserved this. It took some time before he was able to compose himself to say thank you to Brett. They had been friends for a long time, they would be even closer now and the new company would flourish because of it. The name change would have a positive effect on the industry; Alan too was held in high regard by those in the know in the construction business. It was a beneficial move all around. 
Pat had phoned Penny the following morning to say thank you once again. She explained that Alan had been too emotional to express himself properly and to say how really pleased and honored he had been. Penny reassured her that he had made himself perfectly clear how he had felt and that Brett was totally delighted to have Alan as a partner. She also added, 
“I only knew about it that afternoon” she said. “I knew he had something on his mind for a while, but he only told me that afternoon, Pat.” “He sure can keep a secret that man of mine,” said Penny.
 Pat now wanted details of Penny’s engagement and how that had taken place. 
“Oh how wonderful” she said at the end of it, “he really is romantic isn’t he.” “Underneath all that gruff exterior he really is a lovely man, I saw that myself last night,” said Pat.
“He most certainly is” said Penny, “I’m very lucky indeed.”
“Yes well so is he” she added quickly “and he damn well knows it too Penny, the way he was looking at you last night was priceless.” 
“That’s why I’m so lucky” said Penny.
“Then again I’m not the only one Pat. Alan is totally besotted with you too. You are definitely made for each other Pat. He needs you and he showed it last night in a big way.”
“Yes he is a cuddly bear isn’t he?”
“He’s all that and more, Pat; he really is a lovely man, just like my Brett. Grab him quick Pat. You won’t be sorry.”
“Well it’s hardly up to me now is it?”
“Of course it is Pat, in this day and age women go after what they want. Men are so slow, they need a little encouragement. Show a little initiative Pat, I’m sure you could be persuasive, in one area or another she added and then laughed.”
 They both knew what was meant by that. Pat then added, 
“Maybe I’ll dust off my teddy tonight and see what happens”
Penny immediately came back with, 
“Hey take it easy Pat, you don’t want to give him a heart attack before you even start, try a little subtlety first girl, you can bring out the artillery later.” 
Pat is howling at the other end of the phone. 
“Perhaps you are right, Penny. You are the one with the diamond ring; I guess you must know a thing or two.”
 Pat then hangs up the phone and they both get on with their day; both content in their own way about the way that conversation had gone. They both liked each other and would now become even closer due to their men folk working together. Penny now laughing to herself and conjuring up images of how Pat was going to turn up the heat on Alan. I’d just love to be a fly in their bedroom tonight she thought, I hope their fire extinguisher is in good working order and she smiled to herself.
When Penny arrived home there was a call from her publisher on the answering machine for her. Her latest book was due to be released soon and book signing engagements need to be firmed up. Penny returned the call and set up some dates in New York.
***
Linda Wooley, although publicly sworn off men was in fact far from it. She had appeared full of bravado at that lunch with the girls, but that was all for show. Those girls had it all, she had nothing, and so she had to put on a brave face. Oh sure she had dated some young guys, but that was purely sexual. There was no real fulfillment in that, they were just animated vibrators. There was no sense of emotion and certainly no feelings of warmth and caring. Like everyone else, Linda was looking for the ideal man to grow old with. Logs crackling in the fireplace, sitting there in your pajamas with you hot chocolate just before bedtime. This was what she really was looking for, not a quick romp in the hay with some young stud who would be off with a younger chick at the drop of a hat. Linda envied the women at that lunch. Oh they all thought that their husbands had faults and issues and what martyrs they were for putting up with them. Just let them be on their own for while with nobody to care about them or what they did. They would soon change their tune. The freedom sounds nice, but you soon learn it comes at price. You take far too much for granted in this life and fail to appreciate what you have until you no longer have it. Husbands complain about their wives and wives bitch about their husbands, but watch what happens when one leaves or dies. They soon realize just how serious that loss really is. Linda was furious with her husband; he was a real rat for doing what he did. She was far better off without him and she knew it. She was really mad at him for doing that. She was also mad at him for leaving her alone at this time in her life. She had loved him and this issue took her by surprise. She hated what he had done, but she had loved the man, given him the best years of her life and then he did that to her. Linda had to wrestle with this conflict for some time. Today she was over him, but not the void he had left in her life. She was totally aware that time was not on her side. The other women at that lunch all knew she could not keep attracting young men, but they also thought this had bypassed Linda. The opposite was the case, She was only too well aware of that fact. She was a lovely looking woman, but she too had her issues. Having a husband who did what hers had done to her and her family had left scars. Linda had trust issues now, finding a good man is hard for anyone. When you consider them all to be out to fleece you, it kind of limits the field. This was something she knew she had to overcome. Actually overcoming it was an altogether different matter. The girls at the lunch had no idea how lucky they were, she too was like them two years ago. Oh! how times can change. Linda craved to have someone in her life who loved her, something she had never considered before, it was simply taken for granted. All those girls at the reunion took their husbands for granted and no doubt the husbands took their wives for granted too. On a day to day basis they were merely part of the furniture. However, when a crisis appeared on the scene; to be held in each other’s arms was all that was needed to smooth things out and solve the problem in most cases. Those hugs were magical and all encompassing, just like the ones Mom gave you as a child when you were hurt or upset. Those days were over for Linda now and she desperately wanted them back, and soon - this is no way to live she thought.
Penny had been to New York and the book signing tour had gone very well. The initial response had been very positive and future sales looked promising. The publisher was delighted and was convinced by current projections that this book too would soon be on the best seller list. She wanted Penny to agree to lots of signing tours but Penny agreed to only three. The first of those would start next month. In the meantime she could relax at home and spend time with her family and friends. She also had to give some thought to her wedding now that she had been given a ring. She and Brett had not discussed that subject yet, but the time was coming when they would need to sit down and have a serious talk about it. As far as she and Brett were concerned, a simple City Hall ceremony would be quite adequate. That of course would not please her parents, the rest of her family and her multitude of friends. Her fans of course were another matter; her getting married would be a very big deal to them. She and Brett knew what they were facing and had even kept their engagement low key. It would not be long before people found out and then the questions would start. Penny figured it just might be wise to leave that ring at home when she went on the book signing tour – it would save a lot of grief. She then put the whole matter on the back burner and turned her mind to other things.
Pat Dawson on the other hand was very much thinking of wedding plans. She and Alan were getting very close these days and she felt sure he would propose soon. God knows she had dropped enough hints, subtle ones perhaps, but simple enough for a man to understand she thought. These would generally be brought up right after sex, in a very abstract fashion of course, she couldn’t be seen to be pushy. She was driving Alan to distraction in the bedroom now. The poor guy didn’t know whether he was coming or going. She was pouring on the sensuality and teasing him unmercifully and then satisfying his every need. Alan thought he had died and gone to heaven. He too had been thinking of popping the question, but he was unsure of exactly when and how to raise the matter. He got the impression after some post sex pillow talk that Pat was agreeable, but he didn’t want to rush her. On the other hand, he didn’t want to lose her to someone else by appearing not to want her. He was now wrestling with how to give her an indication of his intentions without putting pressure on her. Pat’s subtle approach was clearly not going to be the answer here. Alan was not with the program, he simply couldn’t see the wood for the trees. She would need to ratchet up the intensity and lower the subtlety. Perhaps the direct question may be needed as a last resort, but she cringed at the thought of that one. 
“So, Alan, are we going to get married or what?” 
The prospect of having to go to that length did not fire Pat up at all. She felt she still had a few tricks left before she needed to resort to that. She now needed to bring out the artillery as Penny called it. That afternoon she made a trip to Victoria’s Secret and purchased some incendiary items for Alan’s eyes only. She would pick the right moment and spring it on him. It took a few days to get the timing right and then she sprang it on him. The poor man didn’t know what hit him.  He was dumbstruck the moment she walked out of the bathroom into the bedroom. His heart rate doubled then minute he saw her in that outfit. He was almost paralyzed and on automatic pilot from then on. It was game over for Alan now. As soon as he was able to utter a few words afterwards, he asked her to marry him. It was a very close call, he almost died that night. Pat had played her hand well, Alan was helpless that night and she had seduced him right down the aisle before he knew what was going on. He had been mesmerized by her beauty and her hint that she could do this forever did the trick. It was only a matter of the details now. 
The following morning the first person Pat called was Penny.
“Hi! Penny, its Pat, your idea worked, Alan and I are engaged.”
“Congratulations Pat I’m so happy for you” said Penny.
“Well I had to get a little creative as you suggested, but it worked in the end, with a little help from Victoria’s Secret of course.”
“Hey! Whatever works” said Penny.” 
They then had a lengthy chat on general topics all unrelated to weddings and receptions and the minefields they all contained.
Jenny Wilson was taking stock this morning when Penny and Pauline walk in. They were looking for several things but a certain type of material in particular. Jenny happened to have that very item in stock. She knew she did because she had just checked it off her list moments before. They were having a chin wagging session when the lights flashed on and off.  Jenny said it had been doing that since that storm last week. The electrician was coming to have a look at it but he couldn’t fit her in until tomorrow afternoon. Jenny was telling Penny and Pauline about her mother who was in hospital. She had gone in for a hip replacement and was now in convalescence and driving the nurses crazy Jenny said. 
“What is it with old people she said?”
“Why must they control the world? “My mother won’t listen to anyone and she keeps telling them how it used to be done in her day”
Penny and Pauline just looked at each other then burst out laughing.
“We were discussing that very same thing a few minutes before we came in here and we came to the same conclusions.” “Our mother is no different, Jenny.”
“I guess it’s an age thing then” said Jenny.
 “From what I hear in this place it sure seems like it.”
“I just can’t please some people, I go out of my way at times to get what they want, but they never appreciate it. Sometimes they change their minds and never say anything, or thank me for getting it anyway. It’s as if I was obliged to cater to their every whim and know what they need before they do. When they make a mistake it’s my fault, I should have known what they really needed and provided it so they would not have the embarrassing task of having to return the item. I just can’t win,” said Jenny.
“So how is your mother apart from that?” asked Pauline.
“Oh! She’s doing just fine; it’s everyone else in the family that is on Valium.”
 They all laughed at that. All three women were on the same page. Just then Betty Driver walked into the store and the subject changed to kids.
 “How is Alice doing now?” asked Jenny.
“Oh she is doing just fine said Betty; we had a close call there.”
“Yes but it all turned out well in the end, Betty said Penny. It could have been far worse.”
“Don’t I know it?” she said. 
“It’s all water under the bridge now Betty, if Alice is doing well now that is all that matters today” said Jenny.
 The lights flickered once more and the four women just looked up at the ceiling. Betty said, 
“You should have someone have a look at that Jenny.”
“Yes” she said “I should, but he can’t come until tomorrow.”
That provoked another conversation on the availability of tradesman and the quality of their work when they did finally arrive. The prices they charged consumed another fifteen minutes of tirades as they all relayed their own experiences of being gouged. Tomorrow was considered prompt service. The middle of next week was considered to be the usual time frame. Plumbers were considered to be the worst and that opened up another discussion on the jeans that they wore, or almost wore, which was more to the point. They finally paid for the items that they purchased and then went their separate ways. Pauline and Penny went home and Betty went to visit her mother as Jeff was working that day. 
That evening Pauline and her boyfriend were going to the movies and Brett and Penny were visiting with Alan and Pat for dinner. Pat took Penny into the kitchen and the two of them had a good natter while the men took their beers out onto the patio and sorted out the world’s problems singlehandedly. Penny was now fully up to speed as to how Pat got Alan to propose and congratulated her on her ingenuity.
 “Well you obviously still have what it takes girl” she had said to Pat. “The package may look inviting, but if what’s inside doesn’t cut it, it won’t happen,” she said.”
 She then added with a smirk,
“and it sure did happen didn’t it?”
They both howled with laughter at that.
“Oh! Yeah” said Pat, it happened alright.” 
A little later, Brett and Penny say goodbye and thank their hosts for a lovely evening. As they are driving home they are passed by an ambulance going full speed with sirens and lights blazing. Bret made the comment about some poor soul having had a heart attack. A few minutes down the road they then see the cause. It was a fire in the complex where Jenny had her shop. There were fire trucks and police cars everywhere. It looked to be a serious fire but Brett kept on going. There was no point in adding to the confusion by stopping and getting in the way. It was only the next morning that they learned that a fire fighter had lost his life last night when the roof collapsed in on him. His name was given as Jeffrey Driver. When Penny read this in the paper she burst out in tears at the breakfast table. 
“What’s wrong honey?” asked her father.
 Penny simply handed him the paper. He father looked at it and said that’s sad. Then the penny dropped,
 “Did you know him personally, Penny?” he asked.
 Penny just nodded. “Oh I’m so sorry” said her father. He then went into the kitchen and advised her mother and sister of the situation. Pauline too was now in tears as she knew Jeff through Penny and Betty.
***
Across town in the Hunt household Blanche too was a mess. Being Betty’s best friend she could easily cover up her own level of grief. She would miss Jeff, but if the truth be known she had been thinking lately of ending that relationship. Linda’s chat had brought home a few points of stark clarity and it had made Blanche think. Her sorrow now was more from guilt and shame than anything else. Her sorrow for Betty’s loss was genuine. She knew how she would feel if she were in her shoes. Blanche was a chastened woman today, one with a lot on her mind. Their secret would die with Jeff, but her guilt wouldn’t and she was well aware of that now. Poor Betty she thought and she made a vow to do whatever she could to help Betty get through this terrible ordeal. Hypocritical it may have been, but it was all Blanche could think of now to try to make amends for something that should never have happened in the first place. Over the past few weeks she had been re-evaluating her life and had come to the conclusion that she had been too selfish and materialistic in her life and now wanted to change that. All she had done was motivated by self-interest, including sleeping with Jeff Driver. When she started to realize what her life actually meant to her, Blanche Hunt was disgusted with herself and her past behavior. It was time for a change and finishing her affair with Jeff was at the top of that list. The way it happened however was not something Blanche had wished for. She could have finished with Jeff and still be friends with both of them, now only Betty remained and that was sad. She was a changed woman from that day on. Long overdue perhaps, but it was a fact now, albeit brought on by guilt as well as remorse over Jeff’s death.
Alice Driver was taking her Dad’s death very hard. She had been a rebel previously, but since her D&C things had changed. Alice had gone back to school and was now enrolled in the pre-med program and was doing well. She had grown very fond of her Dad over the past few months and she and Betty were now getting along very well for a change. Jeff’s untimely death had drawn Alice and her mother closer together. They were relying on each other for comfort in dealing with this and trying to cope with it the best way they could with this devastating loss. They were facing it with courage and putting on a brave face, but they were both torn up inside. This however, had knocked Alice sideways and her marks started to slip. Betty would now have trouble funding Alice’s school costs on her own and if Alice’s marks dropped getting a scholarship was out of the question. Student loans might be questionable too if her marks were not good enough. Jeff’s death had derailed Alice’s studies. This of course was perfectly understandable. Her mind was unable to concentrate on her studies, she kept thinking of her father, the things they had done together, the things she wished she had told him etc. Her grief was overwhelming her right now and her studies simply fell apart. Alice was working part time as a waitress, but even with her tips she could not finance her tuition fees. Betty knew this was going to be tough on Alice and she was afraid that she may once again go off the rails. Thankfully that didn’t happen. Alice went and saw the dean at the university and explained her situation and was given assurance that she could take time off to go work and that a place would be kept open for her. He was very sympathetic to her predicament and had bent over backwards to accommodate her request and Alice was very grateful to him and said so.  She then through herself in to working full time and saved every penny she could. If there was any overtime going she did it, she would even babysit too if she had the time, Alice was a very different girl now. This tragedy that had touched her life had made her a very different person now.
Chapter Ten
***
Penny and Brett had now finally got around to discussing their wedding and what type of wedding it would be. Brett couldn’t care less; a city hall job would be just fine with him, minimum fuss, a couple of witnesses and off home to get on with your life. That however, was not an option, although Penny would have gone for it had it been. The thought of what lay ahead was daunting and not something she was looking forward to. As far as Markton was concerned she was “Royalty,” their homegrown celebrity. Their wedding would therefore would have to reflect that status and be accompanied by all the pomp and ceremony that would entail. The guest list would be a nightmare to produce. Noses would most certainly be out of joint here, one simply cannot invite everyone, yet everyone believes they should have been. Then of course we have the seating arrangements, another nightmare. Who is at whose table and how far away from the front is it. This of course reflects your personal status and social standing with the bridal party. Careful consideration must be given to these minor details, murders have been caused over less. Table favors and the menu are mere trivialities compared to that. Music selection and floral arrangements plus gifts for the bridal party add to the confusion. These are the mandatory items; on top of this comes the optional electives. Horse drawn carriages with footmen, period costumes for the ushers and wait staff and the all-important invitations and printed material. All of that must be of top drawer caliber for a wedding such as this. Those menus will be collector’s items and personal invitations will be framed and mounted in some households. Yes indeed, Penny had a lot to deal with here and no wonder she was less than enthusiastic about it. The only good thing was she was marrying Brett. That fact alone made it all worthwhile. She could hardly wait to see his face as she walked down that aisle. That was the moment she was waiting for, more than any other. He was the love of her life and this time she was getting it right. She and Pauline, with help from Cindy, had a great deal to do. Bruce Richards had volunteered to do the catering at seriously reduced prices. He would employ outside staff for this size of event, but he would personally supervise the preparation. That meal would be superb and was no cause of further concern. The floral arrangements and all associated issues were to be handled by Jerry Marsden, Jenny Wilson’s husband. Jenny herself may even lend a hand too seeing as her business had gone up in smoke and she had to wait for the refurbishing to begin. That would take some time as would the insurance claim. The money would come in very useful for them about now Penny had thought. Although technically Brett was a party to these wedding discussions, he had as much input into them as the man in the moon. Most grooms generally find themselves in this invidious position and most are quite happy about it, Brett most certainly is. He has weightier things on his mind, and none of them to do with the wedding. In addition to the Braxton contract he has now been asked to quote on the rebuilding of the complex where Jenny had her store. This was really going to stretch his resources in terms of manpower, but he did not wish to turn business away and allow competitors to gain a foothold in the town. It was the “Bride’s” day anyway; the groom was merely an accessory. That effectively let him off the hook. He would nod and grunt in the right places, but his mind was elsewhere. Penny was well aware of it, but included him anyway. It was his wedding too and she felt it was important for him to be aware of what was going to take place. The next few months would fly by and she wanted everything to go smoothly and there was a lot to organize and coordinate. 
It was around this time that Linda met a man who would soon make an impact on her life. He had gone into Linda’s office to sort out an insurance claim. There had been a minor technicality and the claim had been denied on account of it. He had come in today to rectify the problem, but the clerk handling the case felt management should be drawn into it and they had called Linda. She came down from her office, took one look at the form and knew immediately what had happened. 
“I am so sorry sir” she said “I do apologize for this inconvenience.” “This should not have happened.” “I’ll take care of this right away.”
With that Linda gets on the phone and makes several calls. It soon gets sorted out, but the VP of claims is out on the golf course and was not available to sign the settlement cheque. Linda could hardly point that out to the customer, so she fabricated an excuse and said the cheque would be ready tomorrow. The man was very understanding and thanked her for her efforts. During the course of these events they had talked a little, not much in detail, but enough to arouse Linda’s interest. She had learned that he was divorced and had no children. He was also a very patient man. Given the recent headaches he had been subjected to unnecessarily, his manner had been very reasonable. Most would have been ranting and raving, he had not and that had impressed Linda. That and the fact he was good looking and well dressed. When she went home that night she did some thinking. Actually she did much more than that. She found herself imagining that man in various situations and roles and projecting how he would respond to them. Certain fantasies then came into play and Linda had a vivid and very active imagination. Perhaps this gentleman was worthwhile pursuing, he certainly had shown some potential. The next day she actually selected her wardrobe very carefully and told the front desk that she personally would handle this case from now on. 
When Steve Granger came in he was given the red carpet treatment. He was escorted up to Linda’s office and told that she would be with him shortly. Linda came in a few minutes later. She was wearing a business suit and very professional looking, but the blouse and the accessories simply screamed elegance, charm with a hint of sensuality. The subtlety of the fragrance worn that day merely added to the picture in Steve Granger’s eyes. She apologized once again for the mix up and handed him a cheque. Mr. Granger thanked her in return for her courteous assistance and then he glanced at his watch. 
“May I take to you lunch by way of a thank?” you he asked.
“Oh that isn’t necessary said Linda; I was just doing my job.”
“Yes well there’s doing your job and there’s doing your job” he said.
“I know you went that extra mile here and I wish to show my appreciation.”
“Well in that case I would very much like to have lunch with you; thank you for inviting me” said Linda. Round One to Linda she thought to herself, don’t overplay your hand girl, this one has potential. He may be a little gun shy so take it easy for now, you can reel him in later if he turns out to be all he appears to be.
That lunch was the start for Linda. She learned that Steve was a civil engineer and he was divorced due to his wife having been caught in bed with his best friend. He had lived alone for five years and although he had dated occasionally he had not met anybody suitable. Linda of course echoed those sentiments, but omitted to mention certain aspects of her own life for obvious reasons. A lady has to have some secrets and Linda’s were so potentially explosive she wanted nobody to know about them, especially Steve Granger. He was new in town and therefore would not be informed about local gossip. He would only know of Linda what he saw for himself and what she deemed relevant to tell him about. Hopefully by the time he did learn more he would be smitten enough to ignore her past, assuming he ever did learn more. She was not concerned about her friends telling tales, they were not that way inclined. The girls at that lunch would never do that and they were the only ones familiar with her dalliance with, shall we say, some of the more youthful members of society. Cradle snatching was such an ugly term she thought, yet one or two might consider her activities comparable to it. Anyway, things were now looking decided better in the romance department and she did not want to rock the boat with unnecessary and gratuitous information. 
Steve for his part had been very taken by Linda. She was an attractive woman and very intelligent too by all accounts. She had a lovely smile and manner and seemed to exude a sense of quiet confidence. He had put this down to her management experience, but there was just something extra about her. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but she had this allure about her and he liked it. Having talked with her over lunch he decided he wanted to learn a little more and asked if he could call her sometime and perhaps take her to dinner. Linda said that she would like that. In fact she was over the moon, but displayed that quiet confidence and stoic demeanor or hers instead of doing the cartwheels she felt like doing. Steve was happy she accepted and wrote down her number. Things were looking up for him too, he really liked Linda, but he too didn’t wish to display too much enthusiasm in case it frightened her off.
***
Betty was having a tough time coping with the loss of Jeff. She was putting on a brave face, but underneath she was a total wreck. This was perfectly understandable; any one would have been the same. Blanche had been spending a good portion of her time with Betty and knew just how she really felt. Perhaps a little “Retail Therapy” might be in order now, thought Blanche, it just might take Betty’s mind off things,
“Come on Betty, let’s go shopping, it will do you good to get out for a bit” said Blanche.
“I don’t really need anything,: said Betty “and besides I really don’t want to spend too much these days.” “Money is kind of tight just now” she said.
“Jeff was insured wasn’t he?” asked Blanche.
“Oh yes!” said Betty and he had the fire department cover too, but medical school is expensive and Alice didn’t get a scholarship.” “She took Jeff’s death very hard.” 
“I can’t begin to imagine said Blanche.”
Her sorrow for Betty and Alice was genuine. Her guilt was still there because of her infidelity with Jeff, but that was just sex. Blanche had now managed to compartmentalize the two things. It allowed her to function as if nothing had ever happened. She was there for Betty now when she needed her, nothing else mattered. She felt the loss of Jeff of course, but not so much as her lover, but as her best friend’s husband. Her sexual romps with Jeff had now been pushed aside and almost dismissed by Blanche. It had been a mistake, and one best forgotten. That was the way she was dealing with it now.
“Let’s have dinner together one night” said Blanche. “When was the last time you went out to dinner?”
“I don’t know” said Betty; “I guess it’s been a while.”
“That settles it then, we’ll go out on Friday night.”
“Oh I don’t know” said Betty.” 
“Well I do and it’s my treat said Blanche, so you are going. I’ll pick you up at 7:30pm so be ready.”
“Yes! Sergeant major” said Betty and they both laughed.”
Blanche picks Betty up on time and Betty is actually ready to go. She had been looking forward to going out all day and it would be a welcome change from those four walls. They went to a restaurant just down the street from where Alice was working. It was a quiet place, but the food was excellent and the prices were very reasonable. In fact Bruce Richards spoke highly of the place to his close friends. In terms of value for money this was the best deal in town he had said on numerous occasions.  Blanche was in the middle of dessert when they hear a horrendous crash out in the street. A dump truck and a bus had collided and it was a real mess.
There were people wandering around dazed and bleeding, other were lying on the ground injured. It was subsequently discovered that the dump truck driver had suffered a heart attack and died and rammed into the bus. This had happened just outside Alice’s restaurant and she had rushed outside to help. They had called 911, but those poor people needed help now. Alice had rushed out of her restaurant with the first aid box and she did the best she could with it. That amounted to dressing some of the glass cuts, making slings for the broken arms and wrists and staunching the flow of blood from the more serious injuries. She also dispensed a certain amount of comfort and reassurance to those traumatized people and was a calming influence to many of them until the para–medics arrived.  When they did they took over, but they later praised the work that Alice had done prior to their arrival. Alice then went back to her restaurant duties. 
 The following day the press called round to interview this “Angel of Mercy” as the headlines had proclaimed to get her side of it. Alice merely minimized her role in it and that was it. At least she thought that it was. However another party had read that article when it came out in the press, a party who had a relative on that bus and one that Alice had treated. That person spoke very highly of the young woman that had treated her and given her reassurance in her hour of need. 
“That young woman only had a first aid kit she had said, but she tried to help everybody she could, she made them comfortable and she spoke so gently and reassuringly to us. I know I relaxed just knowing she was going to take care of me. She did too, even though she have very little to work with. She was so kind and gentle with me, a real Florence Nightingale she was.”
 The individual listening to this account was now going to do some digging to see if he could repay that favour. When he looked into the situation he found out that Alice had recently lost her father in that huge fire and that he was the fireman killed. Heroism obviously runs in the family he thought. After a little more research he learned that Alice had been a medical student in the university, but her father’s death had derailed her plans temporarily. The following evening he decides to pay Betty and Alice a visit. Betty was surprised to see him when he called. 
“Oh! Hi Tony, come on in” she said. “So what brings you out to this neck of the woods?” she asked.  
“Well actually I came to speak to your daughter” he replied.
“Alice!” Betty queried, “what has she done now?”
“Oh it’s nothing like that” said Tony. “I just want to thank her for the other night.”
Betty looked puzzled, so he added, “the accident.”
“You were in that” asked Betty stunned.”  
“No, I wasn’t but my mother-in-law was, and Alice treated her.”
Just then Alice walked in and she had no idea who Tony was. Before Betty could introduce him Tony said.
“I just came over to thank you for helping my mother-in-law the other evening. She said you were a regular Florence Nightingale and you really helped her come to terms with things out there. She said she felt safe and secure knowing that you had treated her and taken the pain away.”
“Oh I remember now” said Alice, “The lady in the grey coat.” “She had a broken arm and was in a lot of pain.” “I couldn’t do much for her, but the paramedics gave her the pain killers.”
“Yes I know said Tony, but your calmness was transferred to her, and that, she appreciated.” “I do too and that is why I am here.” “You are a medical student aren’t you?”
“Well I was” said Alice, “it’s kind of on hold right now”
“Oh why is that?” 
“Well I kind of slacked off last term and I didn’t get high enough marks to get a scholarship.”
“I see said Tony, why did you slack off, too much partying.”
“No it wasn’t that I just wasn’t applying myself.”
“Well having just lost your dad might account for that don’t you think?” 
“Perhaps, but that’s life right, she said.” 
“Yes Alice that is life and unexpected things can happen in life. We just have to do the best we can. You did that the other night. It just came as second nature to you to help another person in trouble, many people as it happened. The comfort that you gave to my mother-in-law was instinctive. The compassion you displayed had an effect on all those people and in my opinion you will make an excellent physician.”
Betty chipped in at this point, 
“Well she is saving very hard to get back into school, Tony. The dean has promised her a place when she has saved up enough money.”
“Well that’s another thing I wanted to talk to you about Betty,” said Tony. I was talking to the dean earlier today and he had read about young Alice here in the paper the same as I did. He advised me that the new term starts next week, but Alice unfortunately wouldn’t be able to attend due to financial considerations.”
Alice went on to say,
“I haven’t saved up enough yet, it will take a while, but I am saving hard.”
“Yes I bet you are” said Tony; “however I told the dean you would be attending classes next term.”
 Betty now launches herself at Tony and throws her arms around him. 
“Oh Tony you didn’t? Thank you, thank you so very much” said Betty.
“Didn’t what?” asked Alice.
“He paid next terms tuition for you answered Betty.”
Alice was dumbstruck,
“Thank you very much sir”, she said. 
Tony then said: 
“Well actually Betty, it isn’t just for next term. I endowed her with a scholarship from Braxton for her total medical costs. I think she will make an excellent physician and I just want to help her achieve her goal. Good things happen in life too Alice. Your act of compassion was one of them. Please allow me the privilege of helping you out in your time of need. You can repay me by saving the lives of others and giving comfort to those you cannot save. You have a precious gift, Alice, and I want you to use it.”
Betty and Alice are both in tears now. 
“Tony, I can’t begin to thank you” said Betty, “you have no idea how much this means to us.”
“Betty it’s my sincere pleasure, it really is. Who knows, one day maybe Alice will save my life, stranger things have happened.”
Alice got up and gave Tony a hug and thanked him through her tears.
“I just hope I can live up to your expectation + Mr. Braxton she said.”
 “I have no doubts about that whatsoever, Alice. It’s character that determines who we are in life. I have seen yours first hand, you will make your Mom and Dad proud. There is one thing I would like though.”
“What is that asked Alice?”
“I would like an invitation to your graduation ceremony”
“You most certainly will get one of those Mr. Braxton; I can promise you that sir.”
“Good, well on that note I will bid you ladies good night.”
Betty showed him to the door and gave him a hug, her eyes full of tears.
“Thank you again for everything Tony.”
He just bent down and kissed her forehead.
“God bless you Betty, he said and then he departed.”
When she walked back into the room Alice said, 
“I didn’t know you knew Mr. Braxton Mom.” “He is from the “Braxton Industries” right?”
“Yes dear he is and his wife and I are friends.”
“He sure is a lovely man said Alice.”
“So is his wife added Betty.”
A few weeks later Alice went back in medical school.
Chapter Eleven
***
Penny Pauline and Cindy had been out shopping for dresses, Penny for a wedding dress, and her sisters for Maid of Honor and Bridesmaid dresses respectively. They had scoured through all the catalogues and were not overly impressed with what they had seen so far. They had all seen something that they liked in several of the dresses, but the complete dress itself lacked that certain something and that made them frustrated. Had they been asked to describe what it was that those dresses lacked they would not have been able to tell you. However when the right dress is seen, they know it instinctively. They had tried to find that perfect dress in Markton and failed, so the next stop was the city. They had traipsed all over the city and found nothing that they really liked. All the specialty shops were stocked up with dresses and designs of others in catalogues that you could peruse at your leisure, but none had the right one for Penny. As they were leaving the last store Cindy commented,
“It’s a pity Jenny doesn’t make dresses anymore; she used to do terrific work before she opened her store”
“Hey that’s a great idea,” said Pauline, “let’s see if she could make them for us” 
“Oh I don’t know” said Penny; “poor Jenny has her hands full right now.” 
“Yes I know, but she may just like to do it for you Penny” said Pauline.
“Perhaps, but I don’t wish to impose on her right now.” “She has enough on her plate.”
“You Know” said Cindy; “this could be very beneficial for Jenny. Her own business is closed now due to that fire, but what if she could go back to dressmaking? She will certainly get recognition for making Penny Mason’s wedding dress.”
“That’s right” said Pauline; “you can’t buy publicity like that. She could be all set up from doing something like that. People would come from miles around to have their dresses made by the lady who made Penny Mason’s”
“Come on you guys, who do you think I am?” laughed Penny, “I’m not royalty.”
“You might as well be around here” said Cindy.  “You are the nearest this town is going to get.”
“Yes well, I’m still not asking Jenny.”
“Well I am going to” said Cindy. “She makes excellent dresses and she can only say no. “On the other hand if she said yes then we really would get the dress we want. It’s worth a try.”
When they get home, Cindy picks up the phone and calls Jenny. Jerry answers the phone and tells her that Jenny is out right now but he will get her to call back, when she returns. An hour or so later Jenny calls back. Cindy then explains the reason for her call.
“Jenny, Penny, Pauline and I were out today looking for dresses for the wedding and saw nothing we liked. I was wondering if you could help us out. You were a fabulous dressmaker and I was wondering if you could make our dresses.”
“Well it’s been a long time Cindy” said Jenny, I’m kind of rusty.”
“Rubbish, Jenny, you are the best dressmaker around and that talent you don’t lose overnight.”
“Thank you for your confidence, Cindy but it isn’t exactly overnight now is it?  I haven’t made a dress in years.”
“Who cares said Cindy, I know the work you do, it’s fantastic and if you could fit us in we would be delighted. I know you have a lot going on right now, Jenny. We will understand if you cannot do it, but I had to ask. Why settle for second best if the best is available.”
“What exactly did you have in mind?” asked Jenny. 
“Well nothing elaborate, simple elegance really, and nobody does that better than you, Jen.”
“I’ll need to sit down with all of you first to see what it is you want before I can say yes. When can I see you all?’
“Jenny, you name the time and place and we’ll be there, trust me.”
“OK fair enough, I’ll get back to you Cindy.”
Cindy then hung up the phone and rushed in to tell the others her news. They too were delighted, Penny especially. If jenny designed it herself it would be spectacular, she had no doubt whatsoever about that.
When Brett called round that night Penny told him that they had arranged a meeting with Jenny to sort out her dress.
“We checked every shop in town today and found nothing” she said. We were totally discouraged by what we saw today. Then Cindy came up with the idea of Jenny doing them.” 
“Oh said Brett, is she any good?”
All three women jumped all over him at that comment.
“Is she any good?  They all screamed together. She is fantastic, she creates brilliant designs that look fantastic and the sewing and seaming is exquisite. Jenny is the best there is.”
“Men” said Cindy.
“Totally clueless” said Pauline, “they need a woman to tell them what time of day it is.”
Brett now knew he had stepped into a minefield. Oh Shit! he said to himself, how do I get out of this?
“Hey! What do I know about wedding dresses and who makes them? I don’t expect you to know about cement mixers do I?” he asked. 
The women then realized he had a point. OK they said collectively, but just for the record Jenny is an expert and her work is fabulous.
Brett considered himself fortunate to have escaped alive out of that discussion. He made a note to himself to display a little more enthusiasm on such topics in the future. Whether he could pull it off however was another matter. One thing he did know, when he saw that dress he better be duly appreciative and awe stricken. That dress would be the most fantastic creation he had ever set eyes upon. A most remarkable garment indeed, one that captured the very essence of Penny’s natural grace, beauty and charm and simply radiated it in such a way it made the sparkling sequins seem dim by comparison. He was almost preparing his response right now, just to be on the safe side. At this point he went into the front room seeking refuge and watched the hockey game with Eric and Penny’s Dad. 
The girls saw Jenny the following day and she showed them a few ideas she had of her own and listened to what they had thought. She then said,
“Of course I could always incorporate a little of both.” “That way you would get the best of both.”
“That sounds like a very good idea to me” said Penny.
“OK then” said Jenny, “let me work on a few ideas and when I have some drawings I’ll call you.”
Early the following week Jenny called Penny back and showed her some ideas she’d had.
Penny was delighted with them and said “That one” right away. “It’s exactly what I was looking for” she said, “it’s perfect Jenny.”
Pauline and Cindy dropped by later and were equally impressed at what Jenny had selected for them. This seemed to clear up that major problem, the dresses were now organized. Sleepless nights could now be a thing of the past, well as far as what they would be wearing was concerned. No doubt there would be other issues of similar magnitude to fret about, but for now all was taken care of and they were quite relaxed.
Men had it so easy, they just had to go into town and rent their outfits. A quick fitting and it was all taken care of. The shoes might be a little tight, but that was the only potential problem. Even this was not a real headache, if they didn’t fit right, they could simply wear a pair of their own. They would need to be highly polished of course, but they would be comfortable. Anyway, who looked at the groom’s shoes? He could show up wearing industrial work boots and nobody would notice it. All eyes are on the bride.
***
Tom Forest had been living on a day to day basis since he and faith had broken up. He had thrown himself into work, but his attitude was not much better and he was still rather brusque with people. Today he had seen a patient that made him take stock of his life. He was an elderly man in his late seventies with a serious heart condition. His family had gathered all around him and Tom saw just how much they cared for that old man. It stopped him cold and made him think. He was really sick that man and his family knew it. The love and affection they felt came across loud and clear. 
 “Take good care of him Doc.”
One of them had said.
“He means the world to us.” 
“I will” said Tom “I promise you that much.”
The love that the family had for that old man was inspiring. He could feel it the minute he had walked into the old man’s room. That night when Tom went home he reflected on his life and who actually cared about him in a way similar to that old man. He did not like the answer he came up with – nobody did.
The old man had obviously done something throughout his life that made his family care for him so much. He had lived a good life no doubt, but the family did not want him to go just yet. Why was that? Tom’s family never contacted him, or even knew if he was sick. He was now determined to find out the old man’s secret. He made a special point of visiting the man the next morning on rounds and spent some time with him.
“Your family is very fond of you” said Tom, “what is your secret?”
“Oh I don’t know” said the old man; “I love them as much as they love me.” “That’s what families do, they love each other.”
Tom thought about that for a moment and then said:
“Some families seem to be at each other’s throats all the time fighting and bickering.” “They don’t all love each other.”
“Well, everyone disagrees with someone eventually, that’s life.” “We all have off days too, he said.” “Families are drawn together by blood, even if they do fight they still love one another.” “They may disagree from time to time, but they still love one another.”
“Well I have seen patients in here who haven’t spoken to their relatives in years. “They are still so mad at them.”
The old man smiled and said,
“If you don’t care about someone, why be mad at them?”
He raised his arm and asked, 
“You are not mad at that woman over there are you?”
“Of course not” replied Tom, “I don’t know her.”
“She means nothing to you” he said, “that’s why.” “You have no emotional interest in a stranger and so you can easily dismiss them” “Family is different, you may get mad at them, but you still care, you are just mad at them.” “A stranger would have been dismissed from your mind immediately.” “Love is a constant, but it can also be close to hate.” “The man who does not have these emotions within him has very little in life Doc.”
This profound statement really made Tom stop and think. The old man was right. He was alone today because he had cared only for himself. It was all about him and he never let others in. Gradually they had all become distant and he hadn’t cared about them and they slowly dismissed him. Love was not a tap to be turned off, it had to be unconditional. This old man was now surrounded by people who loved him because he had loved them. It was that simple.
Tom Forest realized that day just what love meant. It was an epiphany and one that changed his life from that day forward. Everything changed for Tom. His attitude to his patients, his outlook on life and above all the way he treated other people. The nurses couldn’t believe the change in the man. They now started to actually respect him and liked working under him. He would talk to them now and explain what he was doing and why. That had never happened before. His God complex was gone now, he was human again. He now gave of his time at the homeless shelter, helping those in need but for whom the system had no solutions. This was not the Tom Forest of old, but it was who he was today thanks to that old man. The old man was now doing fine after Tom had implanted a pacemaker into him. The family was eternally grateful to Tom for that. Tom on the other hand felt equally grateful for what that old man had given to him in return. He was on the right track now and his life would soon start to turn around.
Penny was sitting in her living room when the phone rings, “Oh Hi! Jenny, how’s the dress coming along” she asked. 
“Well that’s why I’m calling, Penny, I’ve finished them provisionally.” I want you all to come in and try them on so I can then make any alterations.”
“Already queried Penny?” That was very fast.”
“Yeah Well I don’t have too much on my plate now that my store has gone.”
“Oh I’m so sorry about that” said Penny; “you must be devastated by that.” “It’s hard for me to imagine as I’m not in the retail business.” “I didn’t mean to sound unappreciative Jenny.”
“Oh I know that Penny, don’t worry.” “I was happy to do it.” “It takes my mind off things and it reminds me of the other things I can do if I need to.”
“What time would you like us to drop by then Jenny?”
“Well anytime really, but 2:00 pm is good for me.”
“That sounds perfect to me too, I shall phone Cindy and set it up,” said Penny.
Penny now gets on the phone to the others and confirms the appointment with the other girls. They chatter excitedly about the dresses and how they are going to look and more importantly how they will fit in to them.
At 2:00 pm prompt Pauline, Cindy and Penny ring the doorbell. Jenny takes them into her front room. Draped over the back of three chairs are three dresses in opaque plastic bags.
“This one is yours, Penny, that one on the end is yours Cindy,” the remaining bag being Pauline’s. “You can either stay in her to change or pick a room upstairs, your choice.” “Jerry will not be home till after six.”
They all grabbed their bags and went upstairs. Jenny went into the kitchen and put the kettle on for tea. She then went upstairs to see what the girls looked like. She took with her some pins and chalk to enable her to make the appropriate changes. As she walked into each room the look on the girl’s faces said it all. They were happy. In fact they were more than happy. The dresses were almost perfect. Cindy needed her hemline raised slightly, Pauline needed her waist to be taken in a little and Penny was just the opposite and needed a little more breathing room. Other than that the women were absolutely delighted with Jenny’s work. One more fitting was all it would take. Penny gave Jenny a huge hug with tears in her eyes. 
“It’s so beautiful Jen, how can I ever thank you for that”. 
“You already have” she said. “The minute I saw your face when I walked into the room was all I needed to see.” “That restored my confidence beyond all measure. Until that point I wasn’t sure I was up to it and my work may not be suitable for you.”
“Oh Jenny it’s gorgeous, I feel fabulous in it, you have done beautiful work.” Pauline and Cindy feel the same way too. They are totally delighted.
“Don’t you ever doubt your abilities ever again Jenny.”
“Thank you so much for that Penny, I really did need to hear that.” 
“Well I will make a point of letting everyone in town know who made this dress Jenny.” “Dior, St. Laurent, Lagerfeld are all amateurs compared to you and the workmanship is magnificent Jenny.” “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!”
“Just let us know when you want us back for the final fitting.”
With that they all departed and went their separate ways, each one delighted with their dress. Jenny had outdone herself as far as they were concerned.
***
Brett and Alan had been working like dogs for weeks now. The order book was full and they had two significant jobs on the go at once. Getting all the sub-contractors to come together on time was not an easy task and required constant adjustment. Suppliers were sometimes out of stock, promised deliveries never arrive, trucks break down, weather problems, safety issues and of course local council restrictions. All of these and more were constantly on the minds of Brett and Alan. The niceties of wedding arrangements were not high up on the priority list. The site foreman on one job had just broken his leg. He was out of action; you simply cannot hobble around a building site on crutches. Brett and Alan took it in turns to supervise that site, not that they really had enough hours in the day to accomplish that. Overall however things were getting done and so far they were on schedule. 
Both men would go home in the evenings pretty much worn out. They would still take work home with them so as to plan for the days ahead. What would be needed and when, who had to be notified, what inspectors would be required and when. They were not short of things on their minds. Their fiancés however were just bubbling with excitement and eager to share with them all the details of the upcoming wedding and the arrangements in place. Failure to show an interest was not an option and both men knew it. Half asleep from exhaustion they were grunting approval and nodding assent late into the evening. They would have agreed to anything they were so beat. Fortunately both women knew it. It didn’t stop them talking and telling the men everything, but they were aware that the men were not really hearing them. They had however performed their duty by informing the men. That was all they were interested in. Whether they had heard them was not their problem. The men had been told, if they were not paying attention that was their problem. Table favors, center pieces and seating arrangements were of monumental importance to most grooms and Brett and Alan were no exception, at least their future wives made it appear that way. The men just wanted it over and done with. Taking time out to attend Jack and Jill events meant less time on the sites and more potential problems when they finally made it back there. They were obliged to show an interest and pay lip service to all of this or suffer the consequences. Neither of them was brave enough to face that prospect, and so the nodding and grunting continued. Both men were grateful for the fact that they were never questioned about the details they had been given or had their opinions sought on any aspect of it. Brett and Alan were so consumed by their work they were fortunate if they could tell you the dates of their weddings let alone any details.
Pat had booked the church and made some tentative arrangements regarding her wedding, but she didn’t want to push things right now. She knew Alan was up to his neck in construction issues and was really stressed out. The firm was stretched to the limit and all of its resources and man power were being fully utilized. Trying to get into a discussion on wedding arrangements was simply ill advised. Alan tried to show an interest, but she knew that a few minutes later his mind was back at work. She consoled herself with the thought that it would soon be back to normal. The strip mall project which included Jenny’s store would be finished first and it was moving along well. It should be done in a few more weeks, assuming that there were no setbacks. This would take a significant amount of pressure off Brett and Alan and allow her to talk about the more important aspects of life, like her wedding for example. Pat was really looking forward to that. Her wedding was after Penny’s and would be a much more low key affair. This made life that much easier for Pat. She did not want the microscopic attention that Penny’s wedding would attract. The gossip columnists, the fashion editors and the society reporters would all be out in force at Penny’s wedding. Every one of them was looking for the flaws or faux pas’ that any guest may make. The quality press would report the positive elements; the tabloids would look for the dirt and manufacture what they couldn’t find by innuendo. All of it very carefully drafted in order to convey the dirt but avoid the libel suits that may arise from it. That was modern journalism in this day and age.
A few days later Penny receives a call from Jenny that the dresses are now finished and ready for the final fitting. Cindy couldn’t get away until the Friday for work related reasons so that is when it was set up. On Friday afternoon all three girls went over to Jenny’s once more. The alterations were all perfect and the dresses fitted like gloves on all three girls. They were beautiful and apart from Penny’s they could be used as ball gowns later, so they were multi-functional also.
The women were absolutely delighted with them. Jenny had outdone herself and they told her so.
Chapter Twelve
***
The wedding itself was now only one week away. All the arrangements had been made and everything was fine. That did not stop Penny worrying however. Her mind was always considering the “What ifs,” Penny was convinced that Murphy’s Law would play a part in there somewhere along the way. In fact, listening to Penny, you would think that Murphy himself would put in a personal appearance, to ensure that things got screwed up. However, all things being equal, everything was fully arranged and right on schedule and no glitches were envisioned. The minister, the church, the florist, the caterer and the transportation were all organized and confirmed and no problems were envisioned. Penny’s anxiety on the other hand was off the scale. Brett had to sit her down and calm her with a few stiff drinks, and there was still a week to go. Brett decided to call Pauline and both she and Cindy came around the following day to give Penny the reassurance that she needed. This was going to be one tough week thought Brett. He had never seen Penny so uptight before. 
The hen party that had been planned had to be cancelled. Penny simply wasn’t in the mood and it would not have been appreciated in the mood she was in. They opted for a meal and a nightclub later to finish off the evening. Pretty tame stuff in fact, but in this case it was the best choice and Penny did actually enjoy it. The morning of the wedding the girls had their hair appointments. Penny’s anxiety level rose once more. Would it be suitable, would Stephanie screw it up, would it still look good at the wedding? At the end of all this sweating it looked gorgeous. Stephanie had done a marvelous job and Penny looked stunning. She was truly delighted with it and her anxiety faded away. Her sisters were equally pleased with their own results. They all arrived back home just in time for lunch, but Penny’s appetite was absent for this meal. Pauline and Cindy did not suffer from the same affliction and tucked right in. Penny merely picked at it. Then it was time to go and get dressed. 
Brett and Alan had picked up their suits earlier and they too were eating lunch. Brett was a little edgy, but nothing like Penny. They finish their lunch and returned to Brett’s house to get dressed. Once they were suitably attired they set off for the church. It was beautiful day, a few billowing white clouds and a lovely blue sky. The weather could not have been better. The church had been filling up steadily, and this was a ticketed event. Every pew had been assigned and limited standing room had also been allocated. The TV and media had been allocated their spots and given strict instructions as to where they could go and what they could do. The official photographer had first dibs on everything. It was now getting close to 3:00 pm so Brett and Alan go into the church and take up their positions. Brett’s anxiety level now spikes and Alan does his best to calm him down. The church itself was an old fashioned one with a bell tower and steeple. The bells had been pealing out for an hour or so and could be heard for quite some distance on the beautiful sunny day. They had a clarion sound all of their own and were in fact reminiscent of a small village church in England. It also had an old pipe organ which had been refurbished and returned to its former glory. The sounds coming from this today were magnificently rich and uplifting. They reverberated throughout the church with a majesty that only a church organ of that caliber can provide when played by a master, and Dr. Phillips was most certainly that. The church is now full and the organist has been entertaining the congregation for some time. Soon the ceremony will begin and the bridal party will walk down the aisle.
Now the time arrives for the flower girl, Penny’s daughter Felicity, to walk down the aisle spreading rose petals; and she is followed by Cindy and then Pauline. Both women look gracious and lovely as they slowly walk down the aisle. The organist then plays the bridal march and walking down the aisle glides Penny. Brett is just stunned, Penny looks breathtakingly beautiful. Cinderella could not have looked better. Brett and Alan stood there transfixed and totally mesmerized. All of Penny’s anxiety vanished on the spot when she saw Brett’s face. It was written all over it just how he was feeling right now. He was absolutely beaming. Penny’s dad handed her over to Brett and sat down in the front row and the service commenced.
After the ceremony the bridal party was taken away for the photographs, Brett and Penny in a horse drawn carriage. It really was a spectacular event, not unlike the pageantry displayed at a regal wedding in England. The reception began at 6:30 pm although the dinner was not served till later. The banquet itself was magnificent and everyone had a wonderful time. The speeches were brief, but meaningful and evoked every emotion from the bride and groom. This was, in every respect, a memorable event and one few would ever forget. It had been a long time coming, but Brett and Penny were now together at last. They were so wrapped up in each other that they hardly noticed the splendor of it all. When the bouquet had been tossed by the bride it had been Pauline who caught it. That was not planned at all, it just happened and Penny was ecstatic about that. She so wanted her sister to be happily married. Perhaps this might nudge her boyfriend in the right direction as a result.
A few weeks later Roy did ask Pauline to marry him, whether this had been the catalyst remains to be seen, but Penny didn’t care. Pauline was now engaged and that was all that mattered to Penny. She just could not be happier for Pauline.
The following day Penny and Brett flew off on their honeymoon. This was a huge surprise to Penny as Brett had told her nothing about where they were going. He had given her some clothing tips, but nothing more. It was only when they checked in at the ticket desk that Penny knew where she was headed and even then she only had half the story. The plane she was going on was a British Airways 747 to London’s Heathrow airport. However, they were also going to Paris and Rome with a side trip to Venice, but Penny had no idea yet. Penny had been to London before, but not as a tourist and this time she had the opportunity to look around more and see some of the sights and famous landmarks. The Tower of London was of particular interest to her as was the Tate Gallery. Brett had even bought tickets for the Covent Garden Opera House. This was not his scene, but he knew Penny would love it and she did. La Boehme was playing and as they were going to Paris next it was quite appropriate. Penny just loved Oxford Street and the underground and she was fascinated by the London taxis and how they zipped around everywhere.  Going to see La Boehme at the Covent Garden Opera House, was not his bailiwick, but he knew Penny would enjoy it so he was prepared to suffer it for her sake. They walked around Hyde Park, rowed a boat on the Serpentine and walked through Harrods. Penny was less than impressed by the prices in that prestigious store, but she found the tea shop to be so quaint. It reminded her of Mary Poppins London. When she emerged from Harrods she found herself absent mindedly scanning the roof tops looking for chimney sweeps. 
Paris was just gorgeous and she just loved the West Bank and Montmartre. They also went on a river cruise on the Seine and Penny took photos galore of The Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame Cathedral and the Arc de Triumph. The restaurants and the side walk cafes she just adored. It was the overall atmosphere that she enjoyed, it was uniquely Parisian and Markton had nothing like it. The traffic was a nightmare and driving was out of the question. Rome was not much better, but Penny loved the piazzas and the Coliseum, St. Peter’s and the Vatican. Brett was more impressed by the architecture and the age of everything. The same applied in Venice. Needless to say they had a wonderfully romantic trip on a gondola through the canals and under the bridges and were actually serenaded by the gondolier as the moonlight reflected off the shimmering water. Brett had to pay extra for that, but the look on Penny’s face made it more than worth it. In terms of romantic settings it just doesn’t get any better than that, at least that’s what Penny thought.  
Brett himself had never been to Europe before this trip and he was enthralled by it all. Everything was old and had a history to it and this trip was an eye opener for him. Sadly it was over too quickly, but he promised Penny that they would return in the near future. The last day was spent on a coach drive through the Alps to Geneva. The scenery on that drive was absolutely beautiful. The majestic snow-capped mountains, the chalets and the green fields some having cattle or horses grazing – it was simply idyllic and a fitting end to their honeymoon. They flew back to Toronto the following day.
It had been a hectic few weeks and they were exhausted, but it had been wonderful. Penny was ecstatic; this had far exceeded her wildest dreams. Brett had given her a wonderful honeymoon. Mind you, Brett was not complaining either. Penny had shown her gratitude in other ways and Brett was a very happy man. Unfortunately it had all come to an end far too quickly. The romantic aspect of it all was overwhelming, but then that is what honeymoons are all about. To Penny, this was out of a fairy-tale and she had definitely married Prince Charming, the whole trip had been simply wondrous. It was now back to reality and the chores of daily life.
Chapter Thirteen
***
Upon returning from their honeymoon Brett had once more thrown himself back into work. All the projects were running along smoothly and Alan had said everything was on schedule. The Braxton job and the Plaza project were now nearing completion. The order books were full and more jobs were being offered almost on a daily basis. Stark and Garth Construction had never been so busy and in this economy that was a blessing. They had good quality tradesmen working for them, many had been there for years, and their loyalty was never in question. In good times and in bad Brett had kept his men employed and they would never forget it. They knew that at one point he had kept them on when there was nothing coming in and he had to take a loan out to pay them. Those guys appreciated that very much and it was a rarity in the construction business. They had all been enticed to take other more lucrative positions from time to time, but they never moved. They knew that if Brett could give them a bonus at the end of the year he would and if not they would wait until next year. Leaving for another firm was never even a consideration. When they saw Alan get taken into partnership that cemented it even more. They all knew the contribution he had made and saw it as well deserved when it happened. It also reaffirmed their faith in Brett. When he did well he would take care of his workers. This Christmas ought to be a very good one for them – the firm was on a roll and the order book was full. Yep! There sure would be bonuses this year and that made everyone very happy.
Pat and Alan’s wedding plans were going along nicely, but the date had not been finalized yet. Many of the minor details had been taken care of, but as yet the date had not been set. Penny of course had been all over Pat and pushing her to get a move on, take the bull by the horns and get it done. She is over at Pat’s one afternoon visiting, and she notices that Pat is not her usual self. 
“What is wrong” asked Penny.
“I can feel a small lump in my breast” she said
“Oh It’s probably a cyst said Penny
“Go to the doctor and have him check it out for you so as you can stop worrying. I’ll come with you if you like”
“Yes I’d like that Penny, this sort of thing makes me nervous.”
“Yes I’ll go along, Pat, but it’s nothing to worry about I’m sure.”
A few days later Pat goes and sees the doctor who refers her to a clinic to have x-rays taken. What he sees gives him some concerns and he orders a biopsy to confirm it. Pat is now freaking out with worry and Penny cannot calm her down. The doctor then confirms her worst fears, but at the same time tells her that this can be fixed. An oncologist is assigned and Pat and Penny go off to visit with him. He gives Pat a very thorough exam and explains everything in minute detail and he is most encouraging in his prognosis. He knows an excellent surgeon with a stellar reputation and he will soon have you as right as rain he says. Dr. Mitchell’s office will call you to set up an appointment. Pat was in a fog and the name didn’t ring a bell with her. It is only in the parking lot that she mentioned that a Dr. Mitchell’s office will be calling her. 
“Jimmy Mitchell?” asked Penny. 
“I don’t know” said Pat. “That evening Penny was on the phone to Jimmy at home. 
“I know this is irregular Jimmy, but this is the situation and I desperately need your help.”
 She explained everything and said,
“If a cancellation arises could you fit Pat in please?”
“I’ll see what I can do Penny, I don’t have my schedule here with me, but I promise I will do what I can. I’ll call you in the morning.”
That night Pat was a bag of nerves and Penny and Brett go over there. Alan too is a basket case at the thought of losing Pat. Brett takes him into the kitchen and tells him what Penny had done. Penny is now telling Pat. 
“Jimmy is going to call me in the morning, Pat. Knowing him he will have you in there as soon as is humanly possible, so keep your bag packed.”
“There is a significant waiting list for these procedures said Pat.” “I’ve known people wait for months.”
“Yes I know said Penny, but trust me.” “If Jimmy can get you in he will, so be prepared to go at the drop of a hat.” 
Jimmy called Penny the following morning. “I’ve made a note of it Penny. I can’t give you a date I’m booked solid. I will get her in as soon as I can I promise. Tell her to be ready at any time.”
“I already have” said Penny. “I know you will do your best Jimmy and thank you so much for considering her.”
“Leave it with me Penny, have a nice day”
One week later early in the early evening Pat receives a phone call from the hospital. 
“Ms. Dawson, could you be here at the hospital at 6:00am in the morning for the preliminary procedures to be followed by surgery at 8:00am. Dr. Mitchell’s office has requested that you take no food or drink from this point until after the surgery.
Will that be convenient for you Ms. Dawson?
“Yes replied Pat, I’ll be there at 6:00am sharp.”
 Pat then broke down in tears and immediately thereafter phoned Penny to give her the news. Alan was over the moon and would drive her into the city early in the morning. 
“Tell Alan to stop off here in the morning and I will go with you” said Penny.
“At that hour are you crazy?”
“It’s no problem Pat. Of course if you don’t want me there?”
“Of course I do she said at once”
“Well then pick me up.”
They all drove down early the next morning and Pat meets with the anaesthetist and the nurses and is settled into her bed. A few hours and several coffees later Penny and Alan are in the waiting area when Jimmy comes out. Penny introduces him to Alan. 
“Well everything went perfectly Penny.” “We got it all; the surrounding tissue looks just fine.” “We caught it early and Pat will be just fine.” “However, in all such cases we will put her on a radiation therapy for six months purely as a precaution.”
 Penny threw her arms around Jimmy and wept. 
“Thank you, Thank you so much Jimmy she said through her tears.”
“Thanks Doc”. “You have saved two lives today” Alan said and he too broke down.”
“It was my pleasure” said Jimmy, “but you will have to excuse me now please as I have quite a few more to perform today.”
They kept Pat in for a couple of days and then released her with her schedule of radiation treatments. They were both so appreciative of everything Penny had done to speed things up. Penny assured them that they would have done the same thing had it been the other way round. Thanksgiving and Christmas will take on a whole new perspective this year. The wedding however would now be delayed until next summer now. Pat wanted to be free of all treatments and the cloud removed from over her head. Penny fully appreciated that and agreed with her. Alan couldn’t care less when it took place, as long as Pat was there with him nothing else mattered. A sentiment Brett embraced too – this had given him a wakeup call as he contemplated a life without Penny. That thought scared him as much as it did Alan. Big and tough as they were; the thought of being without their women terrified them beyond all measure. Contract disputes and numerous work problems they could face every day. This potentially life threatening situation had decimated both of them. They were so happy now that all was well that they would have given the company away for free. Fortunately nobody came along and asked them to.
Six months later Pat was declared cured. She would still be invited back for checkups, but essentially she was given a clean bill of health. 
***
Christmas that year was a white one. The snow was gently falling on Christmas Eve and continued throughout the night and in the morning of Christmas Day. The ground was totally covered and the trees glistened in the afternoon sun. Bret and Penny, Pat and Alan decided to go for a walk around the park. They drove to the gates of Miller Park and they found that they were closed to traffic, but pedestrians were allowed in. Brett parked the car and they all got out and went for a walk around the park. The park had taken on a Christmas card like appearance; it looked so beautiful and peaceful with the snow covered trees, drooping under the weight of the snow. The see saws, the swings and monkey bars that they had played on as kids brought back memories of yesteryear. The gardener’s hut with the icicles hanging down looked so picturesque. It really was a beautiful sight to behold. A small group of children and their parents had made an ice rink on the lake and they were skating on it. Brett had dropped behind a little at this point as Alan, Pat and Penny were talking about their schooldays and their memories of the park and the snowball fights that they had as kids. When Penny turned around she saw that Brett was sitting on a bench with his head in his hands. Penny immediately went back to him.
“Whatever is wrong?” she asked. 
Brett simply couldn’t speak and then he just broke down and cried. When he composed himself, he explained that he used to bring his kids to the park on Christmas Day afternoon while Grace cooked the dinner. Just seeing those kids on the lake skating brought it all back to me I guess. His mind then drifted off to those days a few years ago. How he had brought Tommy and Alice here to play on their toboggans. How they had yelled out to him to come and join them and the snowball fights they had. How their faces lit up on Christmas morning as they opened their gifts. The wine and cookies left for Santa and the carrots Alice insisted on for his reindeer were mandatory traditions. The sound of their laughter and Alice’s giggles he could still hear with crystal clear clarity. It was all gone forever now; all he had left was his memories. When they had suggested a walk in Miller Park it never occurred to him that he might have felt this way and so he went along with it. Seeing those children skating on the lake just brought all those memories flooding back and the pain was just too much for him and his tears started to flow so he sat down on the bench. At the end of his story he just completely broke down and sobbed. Penny just wrapped her arms around him and cried with him. 
Alan and Pat quietly walked away; and left Brett and Penny alone. Neither of them could possibly imagine the pain that poor man was in today. Christmas was a very special time of year, a time for family. Brett though of his children every day, but even more so today, it was Christmas. He never realized that he would break down like this. Seeing those children on the lake did it for him and the agony was simply overwhelming. He had Penny to help him through it now, but pain like that is not easily soothed. 
This cancer scare had been a serious wake up call for Alan. He had been terrified of losing Pat and that realization now spurred him to set a date for the wedding. Yesterday wasn’t soon enough for him now. The thought of being without Pat terrified him. She was cured now and healthy, but he wanted her near him 24/7 now and with a ring on her finger to let her know how much she meant to him. Pat of course was delighted. She knew how much Alan loved her and she didn’t need this gesture to prove it – but then she wasn’t going to fight it either. The thought of becoming Mrs. Alan Garth had a nice sound to it, one she was definitely in favour of. They agreed on a date three weeks hence. The invitations were dispatched immediately.
The wedding itself would not be as lavish as Brett and Penny’s, but it would be very nice all the same. Those next three weeks just flew by. Penny and Pat were certainly very busy and it was difficult to determine who was the more excited of the two. Alan seemed to be quite calm about it all, at least until the day of the actual event itself. What he would be like then remained to be seen. Jenny Wilson made Pat’s dress and Pat cried when she had her first fitting. It was simply gorgeous and she looked wonderful in it. “Oh Pat it’s beautiful” said Penny when she first saw her in it. Jenny too said it suited her perfectly. Both Pat and Penny told her what a magnificent job she had done on it. They were not exaggerating either, it truly was a beautiful gown and exquisitely finished. All that remained now was to see the look on the grooms face when he saw the bride for the first time in that dress. That was something all of the women were now looking forward to.
The other preparations were all well in hand, if not completely organized. Once again Bruce was doing the catering, so the food was not something anyone was concerned about – apart from Bruce himself of course. The hairdressers in town were fully booked that Saturday morning. The men were also out picking up the tuxedos or suits from the cleaners, which ever was appropriate. This wedding would not be the formal affair that Penny’s was, but it would be upscale never the less. 
The ceremony itself was scheduled for 3:00pm and the reception was set for six that evening. At around 2:30pm or so, it was standing room only in the church, and it was quite a large church. Outside on the sidewalks were even more people. All there to wish Pat all the very best of wishes and also to see how she looked. It had spread around town very quickly that she had had cancer and beaten it, at least for now, and the well-wishers were out in droves. Others had come to Ooh! and Ahh! at the bride as she entered the church. Some re-living their own wedding day, others hoping they too may have such a wedding one day.
The bridesmaid’s dresses were simple, but elegant all the same, and they looked lovely in them. They were a light sky blue in colour with a sateen finish and Jenny had finished them beautifully too. When the car arrived at the church carrying the bridesmaids the crowd certainly let it be known what they thought of those girls. They were very complimentary about those dresses and the beauty of the girls wearing them. When Pat arrived they were even more effusive and gasps of wonder could be heard along with the usual comments about a bride and how beautiful she looked. Of course there is always the odd one who is there to see how the cancer survivor looks. They seem to be expecting to see a walking corpse or skeleton and showed amazement when a human being shows up. Pat looked gorgeous and no way showed any signs of illness. She was radiant, the picture of health and absolutely fabulous in that gown. The crowd outside were gaga when she arrived, but that was nothing compared to Alan’s reaction when he saw her. His face lit up like a beacon and Penny said later that the church’s temperature rose five degrees on the strength of it. Alan was awe stricken when Pat walked into the church on her brother’s arm. The look on his face was priceless and those in the first six rows saw that quite clearly. Brett, his best man, just looked at him and smiled. He knew that feeling only too well having just been through it himself. He was pleased for Alan and he knew the torment he had just been through when Pat was sick. Looking at her now you would never suspect that she had been close to death. Penny too had a smile on her face, Pat looked fantastic and every bit the princess bride, nobody deserved it more she thought to herself. They made a lovely couple.
The ceremony went off without a hitch and so did the reception. That night lying in bed Penny reflected on the events of the past two years. The homecoming she had been dreading had turned into something wonderful. Her family and friends had all rallied round and she was now quite content with the world. Her wrecked marriage had been replaced by a wonderful one and her husband was really the man of her dreams and always had been, ever since high school. She had renewed her friendship with her schoolgirl friends and made new ones as well. Her life had changed for the better and Penny had never been so happy. She was happily married and so now was Pat. That just left Pauline. Ah! Yes Pauline, she thought. If we can get her hitched everything will be totally perfect then. This would become her next project – getting Pauline married off. Pauline was however working on that very same idea and her boyfriend didn’t stand a chance. That announcement would be made shortly – he just didn’t know it yet.
The homecoming had turned out far better than Penny could have imagined. She was so glad she had accepted their invitation to be their guest of honour.  The whole town of Markton was too. Their own star celebrity had come home at last and was now settled where she belonged. It had taken twenty five years and travels around the globe, but as Penny reflected now it had all been worth it. She could appreciate things more now than she had back then. No longer did she take things for granted; relationships too were cherished far more than before. The way she looked at people now had changed also and Penny was no longer judgmental. All of this wisdom was acquired by the experiences endured along the way. It had made her a better writer and above all a better person. Now that Brett was back in her life permanently, life was looking very rosy to Penny. She now wished this on everyone, especially her sisters and of course Pat.
Pat and Alan had decided to take a Canadian honeymoon instead of a European one. Neither of them had seen the West coast and it was something both of them had wanted to do for some time. Alan had Surprised Pat by buying first class tickets on the “Rocky Mountaineer”. This was the train that ran through the Rocky Mountains and some of the most spectacular scenery in the world. They would have the best seats in the house on this memorable journey through those majestic mountains and see sights of unimaginable beauty from the glass domed rail cars. After that they would visit Vancouver, then go on the ferry to Vancouver Island and go whale watching. It would be a honeymoon neither of them would ever forget – but then most couples fall into that category. Markton was a nice place to live and it was home to Pat and Alan – but it just didn’t compare to the beauty of the west coast. They just loved that trip and the train ride was absolutely breathtaking they said when they returned. Penny and Brett were invited over to see the pictures captured on their video camera and they too were impressed by the sights on film. Both their own and Pat and Alan’s honeymoons had been impressive, yet both were totally different. One depicted ancient history and traditionalism in a hectic world, the other the wondrous beauty of nature in a more peaceful setting. Both couples suggesting that next time they went on holiday they would try each other’s locations. 
Chapter Fourteen
***
Penny, Blanche, Pat and Betty had been volunteering at the homeless shelter for quite some time. In fact quite a few local citizens donated their time to lend a helping hand. It was run by the church, but subsidized by donations from local businesses and the local parishioners. The church organist Dr. Phillips also visited from time to time in his professional capacity as a local family physician. The patrons of this shelter had no doctor and he would offer his services free when the need arose. The four women would go and prepare meals, make pots of coffee / tea and hand them out to those who showed up to receive it. The recipients would shuffle by and say thanks and the women would feel sorry for them – but they never really looked into things deeper than that. These men and women were not born this way. Yes, some had been born into poor families; some had been abused, but what about the rest? How had they become what they were today, something must have occurred in their lives to causes this sudden downfall?
Penny and Pat were both on cloud nine now. They had recently married fine men, were financially secure and had excellent prospects. Some of these women were definitely not in that league and yet they seemed as if they could be. There was just something about one or two of them that suggested that they just didn’t fit in with this group. They looked as bedraggled and their clothing was worn and tattered also, but they just had this air about them that made them seem out of place. What on earth could have happened to cause them to sink down to this? One day as they are talking to one of the homeless ladies they learn a little about her and a story emerges. The story that they heard was heartbreaking. The young woman casually told them what had happened to her in a manner that was one of resigned acceptance of her lot in life. She was still proud, but life as she had been living it had now taken its toll and she was all but destroyed now and could see no way out for her. The two women were dumbstruck as they listened to her story. You just can’t make this stuff up –this poor woman had actually lived this nightmare and it showed.
“I was born in Markton and we had a nice house on King Street” she said. “I went to Markton High too.” “Then my parents were both killed in a car crash and I went to live with my aunt and uncle, I was fifteen then. Soon after that my aunt died of a brain tumor. My uncle tried his best to cope, but he couldn’t handle it and turned to the bottle. I started to slide downhill myself round about then and got in with the wrong bunch. I still lived with my uncle, but it wasn’t good. I would cook the meals and he would try to eat them – but he was too consumed with grief to take care about himself. He died of a heart attack a few months later. I was sixteen then and put into foster care. The woman and I didn’t get along and the husband kept trying it on with me, so I ran away. I ran away to the city and got tied up with a group of other runaways. We’d wash car windows, do odd jobs, steal stuff, anything to simply get by for another day. It was cold at night, especially in the winter and we would cuddle together to keep warm. One of the older boys fancied me and one night he raped me. Nobody else would help me – that’s just how it was. He fancied me so I was his, at least as long as I was in this group – but I had nowhere else to go. We kept on stealing and washing windows and he kept screwing me. I got pregnant, naturally, and Children’s aid took the child away. I was a lost cause; I had nowhere to go, no money and no chance of getting a job the way I looked. I went to the Salvation Army and got some nice clothes and went on some interviews. I even got a job for a while, but they had to let me go. It’s hard keeping up with personal hygiene when you live on the streets. My clothes got dirty and having a shower in a wash basin is not so easy, to say nothing of the lack of privacy. I caught a break once, though. A guy said I could crash in his basement and no strings were attached. It wasn’t much, but it was far better than I had. It had a bed and a shower and a piece of wire between two poles to hang my clothes on.” “He was a nice guy really, but he had his own problems.” He was a war vet and he would wake up at night screaming after some nightmare or something. I got a job then and this time I kept it and was saving up for my own place. I was only earning minimum wage, but it was a start. I began to believe that things had turned around for me now. Maybe I was going to lead a normal life now – like you guys. I should have known better. The poor guy committed suicide a short while later; his demons were just too much for him I guess. Anyway I was back on the street with nowhere to go. At least I would have been but for a girl at work. She said I could crash at her place with her and her dad. She said I needn’t pay rent so I could save and get my own place that much sooner. Well I didn’t have to pay rent, but her dad expected payment of another sort. I was on the pill now so I thought hey it’s cheap at the price. Well one day my friend came home early and caught us. She threw me out and it went downhill from there. I met this nice guy or so I thought, but he was a pimp. He conned me and soon I was turned into a drug addict and a hooker. I’ve been in rehab got cleaned up, but when you are released what can you do. They send you to a half-way house for a few weeks, but then you have to vacate and strike out on your own. It ain’t that easy when you are broke with no job, so it’s back to the old way – hooking. The cops picked me up and arranged for me to go back into rehab and right now I am clean. I don’t want to live like this but it’s a vicious cycle and one I just don’t seem to be able to break.”
It was obvious to both women that this young lady was trying desperately to hang on to her dignity and her pride as that was all she had left. She had survived this ordeal, but now what? Unless something changed her future looked as bleak as her past.
It was then that Penny decided to excuse herself from the table saying,
 “Excuse me for a moment would you please?”
She then walks outside and calls Brett on his cell phone and relates to him what she has just heard.
“Brett, I’m down here at the shelter with Pat and I have just heard one of the most heartbreaking stories I have ever heard. Pat and I were almost in tears listening to her story and she was genuine too. She was not trying to garner sympathy or a handout, she just sort of told it like it was and that was why she was the way that she was. There was just something about her Brett, I don’t know how to describe it – but I feel if she had a chance she could make it and turn her life around. Is there anything we can do Brett, she seems such a nice kid, she just needs a break?”
“Well I do have an empty town house, the one we bought last year to renovate and resell. I haven’t got around to doing anything with it yet. “It’s not in the best of shape, but I guess that kid won’t care and it does have furniture, Pen. I’ll have to talk to Alan first. Oh I think Alan will be fine with it, Pat was with me talking to this girl. I’m sure she will persuade Alan to go along.” 
“Oh Yeah, of that I have no doubt, OK leave it with me, Pen.”
Penny then goes back and calls Pat over before they both sit down again.
“I think I may have a solution to your problem, Miss? What is your name?
“My name is Kim the young woman replied.”
“Kim, right, well Kim, our husbands run a construction company and they have a house that is currently vacant due to the fact that they have been too busy to fix it up and resell it. They are willing to let you live there on two conditions.”
“What are they asked Kim suspiciously?”
“You have to go back and get your high school equivalency test and you have to keep clean and off drugs and no druggie friends. The house is for you alone OK.”
“Are you for real lady, do you mean that?”
“Yes I mean it” said Penny “and Pat and I will police you too to make sure you play your part.” 
Pat then chips in,
“We will see to it that you have decent clothes to wear and that you can eat properly.” “All you have to do is stay clean and get your diploma.” “We may even be able to arrange for a job later, but we shall have to see about that.”
“How does that sound to you Kim, are you prepared to give it a try and abide by those rules?” 
“Well I most certainly would if this is real –but why would you do this for me?”
 “Well it is for real and we would like to give you this chance – but it’s up to you. This could be the change that you had hoped for Kim – don’t blow it said Penny.”
“Oh I won’t believe me, but I don’t know how I can ever repay this kindness?”
“All you have to do is turn your life around Kim that is all the thanks we need. You have had a rough life up until now and you just need a helping hand to get back on track. Hopefully we can give you that – at least we would like to try.”
Kim now broke down in tears and just sobbed uncontrollably.
“Reverend Johnson told me that angels do exist – but I didn’t believe him” Kim said through her tears. “Having met you two I do now. Thank you so, so much. I won’t let you down I promise.”
“I’m sure you won’t” said Penny. 
“Pat and I will always be here to help you if you need us.”
When they left that shelter that day both women felt as if they had won the lottery. They had certainly helped that young woman along the road to a normal life and they felt good about it. The saying “It is far better to give that to receive” was never more poignant than it was to them right now. 
They had been helping out at the shelter for some time, but they had never actually talked to one of the homeless before beyond the usual pleasantries. This had been a revelation to them both. The girl didn’t act like she belonged here and that provoked Pat’s interest. Both Penny and Pat now had a very different perspective of the homeless they were serving now. They also realized just how fortunate they really were in living the lives they lead. Kim’s story now made them realize just how easy it is for circumstance to derail your life. Hers was only one story, no doubt the other drop ins had similar tales to tell, some perhaps even more heart breaking. They realized now that what they were seeing was the end result – what they were not seeing was what caused it? These battered and broken members of society had not always been like this. The twists and turns of life had done this. Perhaps if their lives had been different they too may be here – as a drop in rather than helper. It was a sobering thought and it gave them a new outlook on those that they were helping.
Kim did in fact get her diploma and went on to community college to study nursing. She considers Penny and Pat her family now and it is reciprocated by Pat and Penny too. She is family to them now also as Kim has nobody else, but that will no doubt change in the near future – she is a lovely confident young woman today.
Chapter Fifteen
***
Blanch Hunt had been spending a considerable amount of time with Betty Driver trying to compensate for the loss of her husband. In doing so, things on the home front were slowly deteriorating. Like most people Blanche had taken her marriage for granted. Like most things in life, if they are neglected they begin to deteriorate.  It was like a dry rot and not particularly noticeable, but over time it gradually got worse. Brian was not a particularly dynamic individual and over time Blanche had more or less dismissed him. He was merely part of the furniture now. Sex was still occurring on Friday nights, but it lacked the intensity and sparkle it once had and certainly didn’t measure up to what she and Jeff had experienced. That raw animal magnetism simply was no longer there. So Blanche put herself on automatic pilot and went with the flow so to speak. Brian however, despite being considered dead from the neck down, began to notice the lack of feeling and sensitivity Blanche was now displaying. He sensed her reactions were robotic and the sensuality simply was no longer there. She just didn’t care anymore he felt. That was not exactly true, but it’s how it felt to him.
Around this time a new female junior partner joined the firm. She was new to town, had no immediate friends in the area and Brian offered to show her around the town. She, like himself, was quiet and reserved and definitely fitted the image of an accountant. That however, was on the outside.  Once one got to know Michelle Potter, a completely different impression was formed. She looked demure and sophisticated and gave the impression that butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, but that was what she wanted you to think. Underneath that veneer was a tigress ready to pounce. What lay under that prim business suit and buttoned to the neck blouse was a completely different matter. Michelle was in fact reserved in public, but she was totally abandoned in the bedroom. She was not flirtatious in any way and the casual observer would have her down as a prude. Brian thought so too – at first. He had shown Michelle around the town and taken her out to dinner once or twice and had seen nothing to change that initial opinion. Michelle appeared to be everything he thought she was, a nice quiet and reserved young woman and a good colleague. She had done nor said nothing to change that opinion. Brian had noted that she had an hour glass figure and that she was quite pretty, but beyond that he hadn’t really thought about her much. 
The same could not be said for Michelle. She had noticed Brian from the first time she had cast her eyes upon him. He was the quiet and shy type she thought and it was precisely this type she fancied. It had been her experience that; as the saying goes, “Still waters run deep.” She therefore set out to determine for herself whether Brian fit into that category. In her last position Michelle has been living with a man who fit Brian’s description to a tee. He was a shy, quiet, reserved individual whom people would dismiss as being conventional, lacking in imagination and downright boring. Well at the beginning he probably was, reflected Michelle, but not in the end. He had certainly come out of his shell when I left she thought to herself. Now if I can get Brian to come out of his shell she thought, this could get really interesting and be very satisfying. Yes indeed, he sure looks like he has the potential; I have nothing to lose by trying she thought. 
One evening both he and Michelle were on official business wining and dining a potential client. It would be a significant boost to the firm if they landed this account and they did. Not only did they secure the account, but Michelle was significantly impressed by the way that Brian had accomplished it. To Brian it was a routine matter, but not to Michelle, he was her hero now. They walked back to their car and as they entered the parking lot Michele said to Brian,
“Would you like to drop in at my place for a nightcap to celebrate this contract, Brian”
“Yes that might be nice” Brian replied, “I think we have earned it.”
 Of course Michelle then wanted to slip into something a little more comfortable first. She had also freshened up her perfume at the same time. The outfit she emerged in was not out of line, it was smooth and silky, but tasteful. However, this lady had an agenda and Brian never stood a chance. She then went over to the counter and mixed the drinks and returns to the sofa. One is handed to Brian the other she sips provocatively. 
She started by praising how he handled the client, rubbing the back of his neck the whole time.
“I think you handled that client beautifully she said, you are a real master at this aren’t you?”
“Well it isn’t my first negotiation, Michelle.”
“Oh I can see that she said, it was masterful the way you handled it all.”
Michelle then goes and sits opposite from him allowing her gown to partially open exposing a glimpse of thigh. Her drink is then placed on the side table. Then she got up and sat on the arm of Brian’s chair and began to stroke his neck once more. When she swung her legs across his lap this time the gown fell wide open revealing her nakedness.
“You Know Brian I think we should really celebrate this deal, you were really something out there tonight. I just can’t resist masterful men, their animal magnetism is just so sexy” said Michelle.
Not even Brian could ignore this invitation. He couldn’t resist a naked woman of this caliber throwing herself at him. It would be questionable as to whether the Pope could have walked away from Michelle at that moment. He simply carried her up to bed at that point. Once in the bedroom Michelle apparently was a little more aggressive than Blanche, and Brian was now hooked. Here was the steak; back home was the fish and ships. He had long ago forgotten what unbridled lust and sensuality felt like. Michelle had now reminded him. She was hungry and he was the main course and Brian was more than willing to be devoured. There was nothing mechanical about this whatsoever. It was pure passion, something Brian hadn’t experienced in a long time. Not only did he rise to the occasion he surpassed himself and Michelle was extremely pleased with the results and told him so in no uncertain terms.
“Brian that was fantastic; you are as good if not better in bed than you are a deal closer.” “You certainly know what a girl likes and you most certainly deliver it. That’s the best sex I’ve had in a long time” said Michelle.
 Brian now felt like a peacock with two tails having his ego stroked like that and as a result he had fallen right into Michelle’s trap hook, line and sinker. She had played him like a violin and in return he had delivered a symphony of pleasure – with her guidance of course. With a little further training, Brian could be a real stud in the bedroom and this could be the start of a very rewarding relationship with him as Tarzan to her Jane. 
Once he stepped outside into the fresh air, the enormity of what he had just done hit him. What the hell have I done he asked himself? Blanche will kill me if she finds out. He drove home in a fog of fear wondering if he would be interrogated as soon as he walked in. Blanche had already gone to bed fortunately. Brian now needed another drink to calm his rattled nerves. He couldn’t believe he had done that with Michelle. Then again it had been fantastic; she was one hot tamale between the sheets. An internal battle was raging within him now and comparisons were being made between the two women. Sexually there was no contest – but there was far more to life than sex and Blanche filled the bill everywhere else. He was now faced with a dilemma – to end this now and save his marriage – or continue it and risk everything? Brian then fell asleep with this problem unresolved.
Blanche like most women has built in radar that picks up on the slightest deviation from the norm. Feminine intuition as it’s known is an intrinsic part of women, even if it does defy explanation. Brian thought he was behaving normally, but obviously there had been a subtle change somewhere and Blanche now picked up on it. The thought of Brian having an affair was instantly dismissed, after all he was Brian. He wouldn’t know what to do with another woman, not now anyway. She then casually mentions it to Betty.
“I don’t know Betty, Brian is a changed man these days, he just isn’t himself.”
“How do you mean asked Betty?”
“I can’t put my finger on it” said Blanche, “but he is acting differently.” “If I didn’t know better I would think he was having an affair.”
“What makes you suspect that?” asked Betty.
“I don’t know, it’s just little things he does now that he never used to, when we are making love I mean. It used to be so mechanical before, now he is getting a little more creative.”
“Oh come on Blanche, he’s probably been talking to the guys or watching some porno movie with them and decided to try it out himself. It doesn’t mean he has a piece on the side.”
“Well I hope you are right Betty, but our sex life hadn’t been all that spicy up until now.” “It just makes me wonder that’s all. I heard him mention that the firm had a new female partner, it just made me think.”
“Have you seen her yet?” Betty queried.
“No not yet” answered Blanche.
“Well then go and drop in on him, take him to lunch, or more to the point get him to take you and check her out at the same time.”
“Yes I could do that, it sounds like a very good idea, Betty, thanks for thinking of it. I’ll do it tomorrow.”
The next day Blanche makes an effort to look her best and drops in on Brian at his office. The secretaries all knew her and bid her “Good Morning Mrs. Hunt” as she walked through the office. Brian was surprised by her appearance, but pleasantly so thought Blanche. He really was pleased to see me she said to herself. When Michelle dropped into his office with a few files Brian introduced her to Blanche. They shook hands an exchanged pleasantries and Michelle then left.
“She seems nice Brian” said Blanche.
“Yes she is” said Brian in return, “she is new in town too.”
“Well maybe we should have her for dinner one night said Blanche.”
“Brian paused a little at that, 
“Yes I guess we could. Let’s let her settle in a bit first he suggested.”
Blanche meanwhile had checked her out from top to bottom and concluded that Michelle was no threat. The way she was dressed suggested she was an ice queen who lived in a castle and the drawbridge was definitely up. Nobody would be getting into her pants. Yet, having thought that, Blanche still had this uneasy feeling. Something just didn’t sit right with her. She couldn’t put her finger on it, but Michelle made her uncomfortable. There was a side to this woman that Blanche felt was kept hidden deliberately. Something had changed Brian, could it be this wolf in sheep’s clothing? The way she was dressed today didn’t exude lustful sexuality, but you simply cannot judge a book by its cover. Just what exactly did lie under that frosty exterior? Blanche’s mind now started to run away into fantasy land. She was imagining Michelle wearing thong underwear, then leather outfits and whips and everything in between. Get a grip Blanche, she scolded herself, you’re losing it and with that she put it out of her mind – for now.
“Are you ready?” 
This shocked her back to reality; it was Brian asking if she was ready to go to lunch.
“Yes, sorry, I was day dreaming replied Blanche.”
They then went out to lunch and talked about various family matters, the kids and life in general. Blanche had no sense of Brian having an affair or feeling like she was about to be left abandoned. In fact just the opposite and because of that she relaxed and enjoyed her lunch very much. She goes over and visits Betty on her way home and tells her how things went.
“I really enjoyed our lunch Betty. It turned out to be very pleasant and Brian seemed very pleased to see me. Oh! I also met the new girl, Michelle. She seems quite nice.”
“Seems?” questioned Betty. “Do I detect some reservation in there somewhere?”
“Oh I don’t know” said Blanche, “I guess I’m just over sensitive or hormonal or something.”  
“What makes you think that?”
“It’s just something I can’t put a handle on and that makes me edgy. She seems nice, but I sense that this isn’t the real picture. Do you know what I mean?”
“Of course I do” said Betty. “I know exactly what this is.” “That is your sub-conscious brain telling you something.”
“What do you mean?” asked Blanche.
“Well, when people are talking to you, it is your conscious brain that is listening and picking up the sounds. Let’s say that is the left side of the brain as an example.” “Now I may say to you that your dress is beautiful – but I am thinking it is dreadful. Your conscious brain picks up what I said, your subconscious brain picked up my negative thoughts. It cannot decipher them and put them into words – we are not yet that advanced as a species, but it does sense something is off. I am saying one thing with my left brain and sending negative things with my right.” “People call this vibes, you know, positive and negative vibes. You can’t define them, but you can definitely sense them. I mean this is a classic case. Surely you have met people before and taken an instant dislike to them and not known why haven’t you?”
“Well of course, hasn’t everyone?” answered Blanche.
“That’s right” said Betty “and that is what is in play here. Michelle is sending positive signals with her left brain but her right brain is sending out something different. It needn’t be sinister or bad, it’s just inconsistent and that is what you have picked up on.”
“So you are saying that Michelle could be having an affair with Brian.”
“Whoa! there girl, I’m not saying that at all. I’m just pointing out the reason you felt that something was off. It could be a thousand different things, only one of which is her screwing your husband and even then that’s iffy. Now come on Blanche, get real.”
“I know; I’m a mess right now, I think “hormotional” best describes it.”
“Yes I believe you are right on the money there girl, it certainly does.”
Blanche then goes home and feels reassured that Brian is not fooling around with Michelle.
Brian meanwhile is in a dither. He had an audit to perform in Chicago and Michelle has been assigned as his partner for that occasion. Two days in the windy city and both in the same hotel. Brian tells Blanche all about it and also that Michelle will be there also. He did it in such a way that Blanche felt no pangs of jealousy whatsoever and never for one moment did she suspect Brian would be tempted. Sadly she was mistaken. Michelle had tasted the fruits of the poison tree now and wanted more. This rapacious young nymph had set her sights on Brian and she had spun her web well. Once he was snared in that there was no escape.
After dinner the first night she struck, inviting him up to her room for a drink. His pajamas remained folded on his bed all night as a result, his room was un-spoiled. Michelle knew how to play Brian and that night she gave a virtuoso performance. The following night was the same, but this time she had a few demands of her own. Brian was encouraged to oblige these fantasies and he was a willing participant. Michelle apparently had no complaints at all. Brian was a quick study and performed to all specifications, evidently with considerable dexterity. They both slept on the flight home, completely exhausted. Obviously the mental anguish of those audits had been draining – what else could it have been?
Upon his arrival at home he is met at the door by Blanche who greets him with a hug and a kiss. Blanche now picks up the fragrance of Michelle’s perfume on his jacket. 
“Oh I can smell Michelle’s perfume on your jacket Brian.”
“Really” he replied, “yeah she does tend to use a fair bit.” “I guess I hardly notice it now”
“How did it get on your jacket?”
“I gave her a hug at the airport and told her to have a good weekend” Brian replied seemingly unperturbed by her questioning.
Blanche looked at Brian and concluded he couldn’t care less. This was not the reaction of a guilty man who had just been caught by his wife. Most men would stammer or bluff or give some signal of guilt. Brian did not. He would make a damn good poker player, that’s for sure, based on that performance. Blanche suspected nothing. Brian had not acted guilty at all and seemed totally disinterested in it. If anything he was criticizing Michelle’s use of too much fragrance. That actually pleased Blanche. Nah, Brian was not drawn to Michelle, she felt sure of that.
***
Betty Driver was out for a drive one day and stopped off in the park to have her lunch. It was quiet as the park was not frequented much on weekdays. It was a bright sunny day and there was a slight breeze but it was nice and warm in the sun. 
 Her windows were tinted so she could eat her lunch unobserved by anyone if they should pass by. The occasional dog lover would drive up and take their dog for a walk and leave their car unattended. She sat there with her thoughts and gazed about idly. What a beautiful day she mused, an ideal day for a picnic. She considered taking her lunch over to the gazebo and eating there, but decided against it. There was a little chill in the air despite the sun. No, she thought, I think I’ll stay in the car and eat it.
 As she was sitting there eating her lunch another vehicle drove up, it was Brian’s. With him was Michelle and as Betty observed later, she was all over him like a rash. They walked over to the gazebo and sat down. Brian stood up and looked around surveying the landscape and it would appear that he determined nobody was around. They must have thought that Betty’s car was empty as they went on to give an X rated performance right there in that gazebo. Betty was shocked, she simply couldn’t believe her eyes, but no way was she leaving with this going on. This was a ringside seat to the hottest show in town, leaving was out of the question. She now had a completely revised opinion of the accountancy profession. The staid respectable, uninteresting image had been smashed to pieces now. Here she was witnessing two members of that noble profession going at it like rabbits in a public park at lunchtime. Anyone could have driven up at any time – these two were oblivious. Betty did however notice that Michelle seemed to be the instigator, not that Brian was resisting like his life depended on it. Some ten minutes or so later they sorted themselves out and then casually drove off leaving Betty absolutely stunned. She sat there thinking and replaying in her mind what she had just witnessed. This had not been the Brian that she knew. Now she was beginning to see why Blanche was sensing something. Based on what she had just seen it was hardly surprising. Brian was a completely changed man from the one she had known all these years. The question was, how do I tell Blanche?- Or was it, do I tell Blanche at all? Betty asked herself. 
Betty then drove home to agonize over those questions. It took her a couple of days and then she figured out a compromise of sorts. This incident had occurred on a Wednesday – what if it were a regular thing? Perhaps they would show up there every Wednesday. With this in mind she then phones Blanche. 
“Blanche, do you have any plans for next Wednesday?”
“No I don’t think so why?”
“Do you fancy an open air packed lunch with me then?”
“Sure” said Blanche “that sounds lovely.”
“I’ll pick you up around 11:00am said Betty.”
“That sounds good to me” Blanche replied.
By not divulging the actual location Blanche could not accidently tell Brian of her plans to visit the park for lunch. They arrive at the park around 11:50am and Betty keeps he side windows closed and opens Blanches a little. Within minutes of this up pulls Brian’s car and he and Michelle get out and go to the gazebo. Blanche is dumbstruck. She too is now a witness to their torrid and gymnastic activities. Her immediate reaction was to rush over there and kill them both, but Betty stopped her. Wisely she had applied the automatic child proof locking system for just such an event.
“You knew Betty didn’t you?” she screamed.
“Yes I knew” said Betty; “I had my lunch here last week at this time.”
“Why didn’t you tell me she cried?”
“How the hell do you begin to tell someone something like this?” snarled Betty.
“I agonized over this for days. I knew you had a right to know, or so I thought. On the other hand, if you don’t know it might blow over and things would not blow up in your face and end in divorce. In the end I chickened out and this was the plan I came up with. I just didn’t know what to do for the best and I’m not so sure this is it either.”
“Well at least now I know I was right, Brian has changed, but I don’t want a divorce, I still love him. I could kill him right now, but I still want him back.”
At this point Blanche breaks down and sobs uncontrollably. She is hurt and blazing mad, but she also knows that she cannot throw stones here – she had done exactly the same thing herself. When she calms down she and Betty discuss the best way to fix this mess. Betty tells her that she thinks it is Michelle that is the instigator of this and Brian just went along.
“You know how easily lead men are Blanche. We do it all the time?”
“Waft unbridled sex in front of their face and they think with their dicks not their brain.” “Then again, I think that is in fact their brain judging by some of the things they do, she said. The best thing you can do now is to go home and confront him with all of this.”
“What if he just walks out on me?”
“Well if he does that then you are better off without him, but I doubt if he will. He does love you Blanche – he’s just distracted right now. Don’t forget, you can spice up your own act to get him to see straight too you know?”
“I don’t know about that said Blanche.” “I can’t compete with a thirty three year old acrobat.” 
“Sure you can” said Betty, “you haven’t reached you sell by date.  I have every confidence in your ability to spice up your bedroom performances, Blanche.”
“Many a good tune is played on an old fiddle you know. She may be a little younger, but if you spice up your teenage technique Blanche she won’t stand a chance. I’ve seen you in Miller Park remember, Mae West was an ice cube compared to you.”
On her way home Blanche reflected on her affair with Jeff. Yes it had been “Hot and Heavy” but it was purely sexual. There had been no depth to it, no real caring whatsoever. The secrecy had played a part too adding to the excitement, but through it all she had still loved Brian. He was her rock, steadfast and reliable. No matter what, he would be there for her? A romp in the hay couldn’t replace that. It was fine at the time and it served its purpose, but it was transient. Brian was permanent and that she was not prepared to lose. That is why she was going to break it off with Jeff. She now concluded that Brian was probably doing what she did then and she would have it out with him.
That evening she confronted Brian and he was the one that broke down not her. He apologized profusely and swore it would never happen again and that he really did love Blanche. This was just a passing fancy and one he knew he should avoid – he just got sucked in. He pleaded with Blanche to forgive him and that is exactly what she did. Marriages contain far more than sex – we just forget to see that from time to time. The other man’s grass is always greener so they say; at least it looks that way. The truth however is that it can also be a mirage and that what you have in your back yard is in fact far better. 
Thankfully in this case Blanche and Brian reached the same conclusion. Things would be very different from now on. Blanche also made a mental note to spice up her own bedroom skills. After all, men do prefer steak over meatloaf. She also realized that she might be the recipient of Brian’s improved skills – she could live with that. His lack of imagination was the cause of her fling in the first place. If he had learned a few new tricks as a result of this dalliance, then so much the better? They both now made a resolution not to ignore their marriage in the future. This had been a wake-up call that could have ended in disaster. Things now began to look far brighter and both Blanche and Brian were now much happier in their new found relationship. Betty had been quite right – she hadn’t reached her sell by date after all. Not by a long shot, Michelle was no competition anymore; she was the fish and chips now, and cold ones at that.
Chapter Sixteen
***
While Penny is out shopping one day she bumps into Jenny.
“How are things going Jenny?” she asks.
“Things are going just fine Penny, I was talking to Brett the other day and he said he would be finished next week and I should be back in business the following week.”
“Why the delay?” Penny asked.
“The building inspectors and city planning officials and licensing people all have to sign off on it,” Brett told me. 
“Oh I see” said Penny. “So that means you will be open for business in two weeks then Jenny.”
“I hope so.” “I have a big advertising campaign all ready to go outlining my new services.” 
“New Services?” questioned Penny. “What exactly are you getting into now besides all the sewing supplies and materials?
“Dressmaking, Penny.” “You have no idea the number of calls I have had since your wedding.”
“Well that is just wonderful, Jenny I am so pleased for you.” “I can totally understand why after the job you did on my dress. I’m so glad the whole town now thinks you are great, besides me. I can see why you would be eager to get back into business and get started You have my best wishes Jenny and I’ll be in to see you soon.”
As the two women parted and went in opposite directions, who should walk out of a store but Linda Wooley.
“Oh Hi Linda” said Penny, “how’s the insurance business these days?”
“Just Tickety Boo right now” said Linda.”
“Really, do you have time to go to lunch; I’d sure like to hear the reason behind that statement?”
“Sure, I have got the time, if you’ve got the dime” she replied.
“OK I’ll pay she said laughing.”
They then walked a few blocks to a small restaurant and sat down for lunch. The waiter brought them the menus and went through the list of specials for that day and then asked if he could get them something to drink. The both ordered sparkling water rather than wine.
“So” said Penny “what’s with this Tickety Boo then, only a man could be behind that statement right?”
“Well yes I guess that’s true.”
“Come on then, who is he and where did you meet him?” asks Penny.”
“I met him at work said Linda. He was a disgruntled client and I was assigned to sort out his problem. We had screwed up and he was being very nice about it and very patient under the circumstances. He’s a professional engineer, divorced with a young daughter she said. He’s a senior partner in the firm and doing very well for himself and we just seem to hit it off.”
“Well good for you Linda, I’m really pleased for you.”
“I just hope he doesn’t find out about my previous dalliances. They could come back to haunt me now.”
“No I can’t see that being an issue” said Penny.
“Well it isn’t something I’m particularly proud of now she said.”
“Listen”, said Penny,” everyone has a past Linda, and most of us have skeletons in a number of closets and we definitely keep them securely locked. You don’t get to our age and remain as pure as driven snow Kiddo.” 
I hadn’t quite looked at it that way, but I guess you are right.”
“I know I am; and for the record, your past doesn’t include bank robbery, drugs, prostitution and kiddy porn as far as I know.” “That being said, what you did pales into insignificance when compared to that.” “So young men wanted to screw you?” “That’s a positive; it means you were sufficiently attractive to make young men lustful towards you.” “Men have young lusty women going after them all the time.” “It’s a two way street these days Linda. I am quite sure your gentleman friend would take a similar view were he to be made aware of your past.” “He has a past too don’t forget and probably a few skeletons of his own.” “I doubt he was living in a monastery licking his wounds for a few years.” “You know what they say about people who live in glass houses right?”
“You know Penny, I am so glad I bumped into you today.” “You have cheered me up to no end.” “I was concerned about Steven finding out before today.” “Now I am less concerned about that.” “He isn’t a judgmental person anyway, but I just felt guilty about my past behaviour.”
“Well there’s no need to Linda.” “We have all done things in the past that may be questionable today.” “Let sleeping dogs lie, forget the past, concentrate on your future with Steven.”
“Yes I know; it’s just that I question whether he will question where I learned all my sexual knowledge.”
“Oh come on Linda, you are not a kid and you’ve been married and so has he. The odds are that he will be just as worried as you are. Will he measure up to the last guy? can he satisfy you etc? Guys worry too you know. Performance anxiety they call it. Just enjoy each other and complement each other, don’t be judgmental and you’ll both be fine.”
“You are in the wrong line of work Penny” said Linda, “you should have been a therapist or psychologist.”
Penny laughed at that,
“I guess I’ve been around Pat too much she replied, she’s the social worker.”
“Well you have certainly straightened me out” said Linda “and put my mind at ease at the same time. I can’t thank you enough for that.” 
“That’s what friends are for Linda, I was glad to be of assistance. I am so glad to see you are this happy. Steven must be a good man for you to have fallen like this.”
“He is Penny, he’s a lovely man, kind and gentle but he has great emotional strength and wisdom.” ‘I can just relax with him and be myself, well apart for those issues we have just discussed.” “I see no need to enlighten him on those.”
Penny just laughed.
“A lady has to preserve some element of mystique, Linda, it’s what they find attractive about us; a little secret here and there is a good thing.” “Keeping them guessing is what it’s all about.” 
They both laughed at that.  
***
Steve Granger was just as enamored with Linda as she was with him. He was like a dog with two tails now. In addition to him liking her so did his little girl Alison who was six years old. She and Linda had hit it off right from the start. Raising a little girl on his own had been difficult, but he had fought for custody and won. Alison needed to be raised properly and given a strong moral upbringing. Her mother had gone off the rails since the divorce and was not capable of providing that. In Linda Steve had found his soul mate. He was cautious at first and took things slowly. There was no way he would expose Alison to a fling and therefore dash her hopes. No, this time he would get it right. He was confident now that he had. He knew a little about her past and what her husband had done to her, but the intervening years when she was on her own remained a mystery. Then again, he hadn’t told her about his exploits during the interim period either. Steve had not lead the life of a “Franciscan Monk” for that period and some of those experiences he would prefer to keep quiet also. He therefore concluded that the past was the past on both sides and further exploration was uncalled for. Why navigate a minefield when it was unnecessary. There was nothing to gain by doing that and a hell of a lot to lose, that, he felt, was a very wise decision. It was the lady Linda was now that he had fallen for, not what she might have been earlier. The same applied to him; Linda liked the man he was now, not who he was then. Upon reflection Steve felt it was prudent to concentrate on the future and not dwell on the past. Something Linda would totally endorse. Their relationship was moving steadily forward and Alison was a key feature in that relationship. They were all very happy and contented. The secrets that they were both keeping under wraps were not that significant in effect. Had they both learned about them it would have made no difference to either of them. It would take an atomic event to split up what they had found in each other – minor peccadillo’s like theirs would hardly cause a ripple and certainly not rock the boat in any way. They had both been through the mill and now they deserved to live peaceful and contented lives. Penny, having listened to Linda the other day, was certain that was going to be the case. She had relayed the basic outlines to Pat when she saw her and she too was delighted. She did make a wisecrack about her son being safe in school now, and they both laughed at that, but she was genuinely happy for Linda.
Penny’s publisher had been hounding her for weeks about her extended book tour and Penny now had no choice but to concede defeat and agree to go on one. Her latest book was flying off the shelves and people were clamoring for her to show up and sign some copies for the fans. This of course would cement her celebrity even more, not to mention make more money for the distributors and of course the publisher.  Penny herself would receiver her percentage naturally, but the money was not so important to her now. She was a multi-millionaire already; a few more wouldn’t make her life any better. At the back of her mind was the fact that it had been her money and celebrity that had destroyed her first marriage to Tom. He couldn’t handle the fact that she was the major breadwinner in the family. To him that went against nature. The man had to bring home the bacon so to speak. That is not to say he was a Neanderthal who wanted the woman to be barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen, but he couldn’t deal with this. He felt emasculated by her success and his own success was insignificant by comparison. Brett on the other hand had assured Penny that he didn’t have those concerns. Just the opposite in fact, he was delighted to have successful wife. As he put it,
 “I like having everyone jealous of me because I‘m married to you.” “I can live with that.” “I’m doing OK, I have my own business, it’s successful and I don’t have to leech off you, my ego can take all of that.” “As long as you love me I’m fine”
That reassurance did a lot to placate Penny’s fears. It didn’t totally eradicate them, but it did shove them to the back of her mind.
Now Penny would have to go on a tour round the United States and Canada to appease her fans and solidify her sales. She had done the New York tour now she would be making whistle stop appearances in all the major cities; it would be a hectic few months with limited time to visit home. Brett would be spending some time with Penny on the road; he would visit her in some of the cities she was in along the way. This would break up the time apart for both of them. Penny was also scheduled to be on the major TV networks when she was in New York. They all wanted her to make an appearance and to ask her questions about future novels and their potential plot lines. Penny of course would be evasive and give very little away, just enough to stimulate interest and curiosity. The inevitable questions arose regarding her wedding and Brett. How did she feel now, would it affect her future writing and how did Brett feel about her celebrity?” Penny simply answered that one with:
“He married me didn’t he, so I guess it means he accepts me for who I am?”
“Is he OK with you being on tour?”
“Yes, he is here with me.”
“Will we get the opportunity to speak to him?”
“No, Brett does not give interviews.”
“Why is that, Penny, does he not like the press or is he the shy introverted type?”
“Neither, this is part of my job not his. I don’t tour construction sites and consult with engineers on his projects. He doesn’t get involved in mine. We respect each other too much for that.”
The talk show host backed off at that point. She realized that Penny had made a good point and wished that she and her husband were on the same page. After a few more pleasantries and good wishes for the future the interview ended.
Brett was with Penny in New York and this allowed them both to see a few Broadway shows and to unwind a little between engagements. Manhattan is a bustling place, it’s all go, go, go with everyone seemingly racing around trying to get somewhere. It almost feels like everyone wants to be somewhere other than where they are. A stroll through Central Park can be refreshing on a nice day, but it takes on a whole new atmosphere at night. After New York, Penny was off to Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Chicago, Des Moines, Seattle, San Francisco and LA. Dallas and San Antonio would be next followed by a zig zag of cities finishing up in Atlanta. It was one hectic trip. Brett was particularly impressed by the Alamo in San Antonio. He really enjoyed that and spent some time in the museum there. The history of the place intrigued him and the valiant fight that Jim Bowie and Col. William Travis and their men put up to defend it. The original fort still exists, a little the worse for wear and tear over the years, but they have kept it in good shape as a monument to those who died there. Penny of course was more taken with the shopping aspect on the River Walk. She could amble along darting in and out of the stores and then come out and sit beside the river that ran through the middle. This in itself is a famous tourist attraction. Brett of course was obliged to pay a visit there and be shown the highlights – not to mention give his opinion on certain items prior to their being purchased. Carefully worded answers were required on those occasions as most husbands are painfully aware. One wrong call and God help you – no one else can. Brett successfully managed to navigate that minefield, he arrived home battle fatigued, but otherwise in good shape. Penny was Phoenix bound the following day and all points east after that. When she finally arrived home she was delighted to put her feet up and rest. The tour had been a huge success, but it had been a tough grind for her. She joked that she was lucky she didn’t get carpal tunnel syndrome from all that signing, but it had been worth it. Now she was off the hook.
***
Tom Forrest, Penny’s former husband had changed considerably since their divorce. He regularly saw the children, took them on trips and holidays etc. He was the Renaissance man now in actuality. The old Dr. Tom Forrest no longer existed. That old man and his loving family had awoken Tom to his future and what might lie in store if changes were not made. He was indeed a new man. There was no self-pity and he did not have any animosity towards Penny. In fact he had apologized to her not too long ago for what he had done to her while they were married. He was still a brilliant cardiologist, but he no longer acted like a demi-god that had to be praised and lauded at all times. On the contrary, he now exuded an air of humility, something unheard of in the former Dr. Forrest. His staff now had a profound respect for him and he for them – that too was unheard of previously. His bedside manner today was one of compassion and understanding. He would now take the time to explain in detail to the patient and their families exactly what he was going to do and why? He would also give them a cautious prognosis as to the potential outcome. After the surgery he would give a full prognosis based now on the results. In cases where the results were less than favorable, he would take the time to express that in more sympathetic terminology than had previously been the case. Candor has its place, but at times like that a little sugar coating is not out of place. At least, it isn’t for the new Dr. Forrest. The old one was a “tell it like it is” physician and both patient and family got it from the hip, regardless of the impact.
Today Tom was completely different. He was a member of the local “Rotary” club now and had met many new friends there. This was a dinner club rather than a luncheon one and therefore he could attend the weekly meetings, well most of them anyway. The club attracted many guest speakers including the Mayor, local and national politicians and numerous celebrities. Penny herself had been guest speaker there a few years back. It was here that Tom met another member, a real estate agent named Marilyn. The town had been holding its annual Agricultural Fair and the Rotary Club had its customary Hot Dog and Hamburger concession going at full steam. This of course was to raise money for various projects that the Rotary had going at any one time. Tom and Marilyn had been on duty at this stand at the same time. Tom was flipping burgers and Marilyn was handling the cash. Other members were dishing out the soft drinks, preparing the buns, making hot chocolate and various other chores. This was a three day event so shifts were necessary. It was for a very good cause and the proceeds of ten to fifteen thousand dollars would be well spent in the community on local charitable needs. This was but one of the events the club organized and ran during the year to raise money for charity. There were art shows, Bingo sessions, antique car shows and a few other events besides. In all they would raise about fifty thousand dollars a year and this would be given to worthwhile causes and to those in need. It was while they were serving here together that Tom got to know Marilyn a little better. He learned that she was divorced with a young son named Bradley and he was aged seven. They lived with Marilyn’s mother in the city, as her job made it awkward for her to be around the house all the time to look after Bradley. Her mother was retired now and could fill in when Marilyn was out signing contracts or showing houses etc. Real estate can be a demanding profession in terms of time. It certainly is not a predictable or even a stable profession. One has to strike when the iron is hot. The market itself is one of feast or famine. In other words, it had good times or bad times depending on the economy. Offers on homes have to be made at all hours at the discretion of the buyers and sellers. Some of which are highly unreasonable in both their attitude and their demands. The agent has to maintain an air of professionalism even when they would prefer to wring their client’s necks. This of course is character building and gives people a whole new perception of the human race. It also enables you to pick out the good from the bad. Marilyn being a single mom had to be very adept at that. If she were going to expose Bradley to a man, he had better be worthy of trust and respect. Marilyn felt that Tom Forrest had those credentials – it was a relationship worthy of pursuing she felt. He seemed to be a very nice and kind man, but then so did her ex at first. Still it was definitely worth investing some time in finding out for sure. Marilyn was gun shy and she would certainly not be rushing in to anything. However, she was ready to have a good man in her life and Bradley needed a father figure too. It had to be the right one though. Marilyn would not be exposing him to a fling and then for it to fall apart. That was not going to happen. She would proceed with caution and take one step at a time. Her heart however knew that Tom had the ability to get it racing whenever he was around. This was something that had not happened in a long while. Yes her heart knew that Tom had made a significant impression on Marilyn and she was already smitten.
Tom had bought a small town house when he and Penny divorced, and to occupy his mind and take it off his problems he had taken up model railway as a hobby. His basement now was filled with a railway layout with all the bells and whistles. He had spent many hours down there setting it all up and doing all the electrical wiring to make it all work. He and his son Simon would spend hours down there on their weekend visits playing with those trains and shunting them around. Tom had five engines, two passenger trains and a whole load of freight cars. All of this was set out on a huge board with three controllers. The village was all illuminated and the signals were all coordinated with the crossings. Trees has been planted, roads installed, complete with traffic signals and the farm has a full set of animals. Simon just loved it down there. Marilyn had been deeply impressed the first time he had showed it to her, and her son Bradley was totally awestricken. He was even more delighted when Tom said he could actually operate the trains. Now, on weekends, both Simon and Bradley could play for hours down there in the winter months or when it was raining outside. Tom liked to keep the boys physically active believing that too much sitting around was detrimental to one’s health. However having a hobby outside of school work was also a very healthy pursuit. The two boys got along well together and this was a positive for both Marilyn and Tom. Simon and his sister Felicity lived with Penny and Brett. Tom saw them every other weekend. This gave him and Marilyn some treasured weekends together. Marilyn’s mother was most cooperative in looking after Bradley on those occasions. After all, the sooner her daughter landed a man the sooner she could get her life back. That perhaps was a little harsh, she really did love Bradley and Marilyn, but having one’s own life is also desirable. There is a lot to be said for doing what you want when you want to do it and not have to consult anyone first to see if it is convenient. Marilyn’s mother had met Tom and thought the world of him. Tom for his part thought the world of her too – he really was a changed man. Marilyn’s first husband had been a violent man both physically and verbally. He had a good word for nobody and in the end Marilyn feared him and what he might do to her and Bradley. She finally had a restraining order placed on him. He is in prison now for beating a man to death whilst in a drunken rage. That could very easily been Marilyn’s fate had she not taken the action that she did. Many of Marilyn’s friends breathed a sigh of relief when she left him. They had seen this coming for some time as her husband’s rage intensified. As far as they were concerned it was the best thing she could have done. It probably saved her life.
It had taken Marilyn a long time to trust men again after that experience. She would never let her guard down if men were around her. When she joined the Rotary Club it had both men and women members and slowly she learned that not all men are brutes. The members in this group were unlikely to be patrons of the Sword and Dragon and their behaviour would reflect that and as a result her guard was slowly lowered. When Tom started to get close to Marilyn she was wary at first, but she soon realized that he was a kind and gentle man. That of course had not always been the case – but it certainly was now. Gradually Marilyn began to trust Tom and her guard fell away with him. His kind and gentle manner is what attracted her to him. He was soft spoken now and not gruff as he used to be. Marilyn felt comfortable when she was alone with him; that was not the case with other men. His embraces were gentle and delicate compared to her former husband. There was no rib crushing squeezes or bone crushing handshakes. When Tom held her it was with firmness, so that she knew she was being held by a man, but at the same time she somehow felt safe and secure. She just sensed that Tom would never hurt or abuse her. This was a major breakthrough for Tom. Marilyn was now starting to trust again. Today Marilyn could nestle in Tom’s arms easily and with no concerns whatsoever. She just loved to cuddle up on the sofa and watch a movie with him with his arms wrapped around her. She had come a long way from what she had been. She now felt that she had found a good man at last; one that would love her and Bradley, and not hurt either of them. Tom for his part had found a woman to love him in return. He would feel lonely no more.  
People close to Tom and Marilyn could see wedding bells in the very near future. It was obvious by the way that they looked at each other, talked about each other and how they lit up when the other walked into the room. Yes it was only a matter of time now and everyone was happy for them. This in fact included Penny. She had no animosity at all for towards Tom. She herself was happy and on cloud nine – if he was too that was just fine with her. It was beneficial for the kids to have two happy parents. Whether they were living together or not was academic. They were not bad mouthing each other and they were supporting each other’s decisions. That level of stability was ideal for the kids and absolutely necessary if they are to grow up normally without hang ups of any kind. Penny had heard from another source what Marilyn’s life had been like before she had met Tom and how much better she was now. 
“Tom has worked wonders with her the source had said.”
When Penny was introduced to Marilyn she liked her at once. She recognized immediately the same qualities in her that Kim displayed when she first met her. Marilyn possessed a certain amount of reserve, and yet there was a determination to succeed despite the potential negatives that may get in the way. Yes, Penny thought to herself I like her. Tom will be good for her and her little boy. He is a changed man himself these days and they will be just what he needs in his life thought Penny and she was happy for all of them. Marilyn was no bimbo and she would have no problem with Simon being around her and playing with Bradley on his bi-weekly visits. Felicity also liked her and Marilyn was teaching her how to make chocolate chip cookies and bake cakes. She had brought some home the first time she had made them and given one each to Brett and Penny. They tasted pretty good too said Brett. Yes everyone was getting along very well and that pleased Penny. Like several other people, Penny could see wedding bells in the very near future for Tom and Marilyn. She of course would not be attending that function for obvious reasons, but she would wish the happy couple well. She bore no malice whatsoever against Tom. She had Brett in her life now and she was ecstatic. He had always been the love of her life. Perhaps Tom had now found his, he deserved that much.
Chapter Seventeen
***
Penny and Pauline had gone out shopping for back to school supplies for Simon and Felicity. They had been all over town looking for the right items and the correct clothing. The kids had their own preferences as to what they wanted, how appropriate it was seemingly didn’t matter. Mom’s discretion prevailed in most cases and Aunt Pauline had to mediate and explain why mom had made the right decision. The summer holiday’s always seemed to fly by when you were a child, now as an adult the opposite is the case. Trying to keep a child amused each day can be a nightmare.  There is of course camp and this can be a huge help. It teaches the kids the benefits of the great outdoors, gives them fresh air and plenty of exercise and helps them learn how to get along with others. The canoe trips the mountain hikes and the actual camping experience itself teaches them so much. However, one cannot keep them there indefinitely, although that possibility has considerable merit to it. Then they would arrive home full of energy and renewed vigor, and now you have to divert all that energy into some useful activity; one that stimulates them preferably, a daunting task at best not to mention parent draining. Penny is now faced with that prospect. She has taken them on field trips to see the various sights in and around the town. Canada’s Wonderland has been visited – twice, and of course Niagara Falls, and the Butterfly Exhibition was also on the agenda. She had tried to convince them to go on a camping weekend under canvas taking a gas stove and really camp under the stars. That idea was shot down on the spot by Felicity. The thought of spiders and other creepy crawlies climbing around her tent was a non-starter as far as she was concerned. That did however appeal to Simon. He could clearly envision catching these critters and pulling their legs off or their wings and seeing what the result would be. Better yet, he could chase his sister and mother with them. Penny then had second thoughts on that one, probably just as well under the circumstances. As a compromise Penny decided to invite some of their friends over to play and in turn they would go over and play at their houses later. They had their bikes and of course the swimming pool could be used on hot days so they should be busy enough. Hopefully it would tire then out and expend some of that youthful energy that they had – it sure was doing that to Penny. She became exhausted just thinking about it.
Brett and Alan were doing well in their business now. They had expanded, bought a few more items of machinery and a few more trucks. Their order books were full and they were working steadily and, in fact, had projects lined up that had yet to be sanctioned by the firms concerned. They were no longer stressed as much as they were in the beginning. Then they were worried about their ability to actually complete the jobs they had taken on. That was a thing of the past now. They had the manpower and the equipment to tackle just about anything these days. Brett and Alan were office bound most of the time now. They had good site foremen whom Alan had trained basically and this took the pressure off them. They would pay the odd visit to the site unannounced just to keep an eye on things. It never hurt to do that. The expression “Don’t expect what you don’t inspect” was a smart business practice. One both Brett and Alan endorsed. It seemed to be paying off, all the sites were running smoothly and bonuses were being paid out annually. All the workmen were satisfied and absenteeism was not a problem. The odd glitch would occur from time to time when deliveries were either late or back ordered. One simply had to work around those things. As the firm had expanded Brett and Alan also took on their own crew of heavy equipment mechanics. This they found was saving them money rather than contract it out to another firm. They were large enough now to be able to handle it themselves. This not only saved then money, it also reduced the down time of those machines. Brett and Alan could assess the priority of any given job and allocate the mechanics accordingly. They couldn’t do that if another firm was involved. In addition, the small vehicle servicing and repairs were now being done by Eric Tyler’s shop. This was in everyone’s best interests. He quoted a good price, it would enhance his business and the quality of his work was good. Brett liked Eric, not just because he was his brother-in-law, he was a good hard working guy who knew his stuff. Brett respected that very much. He had come up that way himself. He was wealthier than Eric purely due to the line of business he was in – but he recognized and appreciated hard honest work when he saw it and Eric certainly qualified. He was doing well on his own. Brett’s contract would give him that extra boost and Brett was delighted to be able to do it. Cindy meanwhile continued to work at the supermarket and kept on hearing all the tales about the good people of Markton – and some of the bad ones too. The gossip never seemed to end. Not a day went by that didn’t contain some juicy piece of gossip about somebody. Cindy took it all with a pinch of salt and never repeated any of it. These stories got better each time she heard them. What the final version sounded like and what the actual truth was she would never know. She just happened to be in the middle checking everyone out. Listening was just an idle pastime – but a humorous one all the same.
Penny, like all celebrities had lots of fans, but there was no shortage of critics either. There was always someone who took exception to her writings, despite the fact that they were clearly fiction. There was always some nut that assumed she was writing about them and exposing their innermost secrets to the world. This was in addition to the regular literary critics who dissected her every word and wrote volumes themselves in the papers about their opinions of her work. How she could have written this or that and what she really meant to say regarding this or that. Comparisons would be made to previous works or past editions and either lauded or decried depending on their mood that day. It was par for the course and all stars had to accept it as a fact of life in the public eye. She did not have to suffer the paparazzi as film stars did and for that she was eternally grateful. However, she did unfortunately have to deal with hate mail from cranks. The police would be called in to determine whether or not they were threatening and therefore serious or if they were just the ravings of a nut. The latter was usually the case. When any threats were mailed they were directed at her personally and never at her kids or Brett. They generally followed a pattern and the police deemed them to be irritating but harmless. It was as they put it, “the price of stardom.” It was a jealous response to another’s success when their own lives failed to live up to their expectations. Pauline and Cindy had read some of them one day and been totally horrified by them. Penny had sent them up to find something in one of her drawers and she forgot that she had placed those letters in that draw. Pauline was freaked out when she read what had been written. Penny soon put her mind at ease. 
“They are five years old Pauline, don’t worry about them. The police know all about them and they have told me to ignore them.”
“Well they scare the hell out of me” said Pauline.
 “They did me at first,” said Penny, “but not anymore. “The world is full of cranks that latch on to some celebrity.” “They happen to have latched on to me.” Some of those letters go back years and I’m still here and in good shape.”
“Well you are still here” said Pauline and she gave Penny’s figure the once over. “As for the shape you are in???”
Penny gave her sister a dig.
“That’s enough out of you, madam, or you’ll be looking for a new maid of honor in a few months - or is it years?”
 It was now her turn to receive a dig from Pauline.
“I damn well will get a new maid of honor if you keep that up sis, nobody’s irreplaceable you know, even The Queen of Markton.”
All three sisters now burst out laughing at that crack.
“OK you guys” said Cindy “a truce now alright?”
They all went downstairs now having retrieved the items they had gone up to find in the first place; instead they had opened what had turned out to be Pandora’s Box. Now they could get back to the serious business of gift registry stores and what items to include therein. All three girls were now thumbing through the pages of various catalogues and making suggestions as to what to list in the registry. Pauline was always questioning the prices and whether or not it would be a reasonable request to make. After all as she put it:
“Not everyone is as loaded as you are, Penny.”
She didn’t want to appear to be grasping or making unreasonable demands on her guests. Cindy soon put her straight on that.
“Look Sis, these are suggestions, not obligations.” “If people can’t afford them they will get something else that they can afford. “Besides, these days, $100-$150 is not out of line for the people that you will be inviting.”
Penny then chimed in with:
“Of course if this reception is a charitable event for the residents of Skid Row, then perhaps those prices should be trimmed back a little, what do you think Cindy?”
“OK, OK I get the message said Pauline,” and all three of them laughed. The following day Penny and Pauline go into the city to have a look around. They went to see and inspect some of the items that they had seen in the catalogues. Seeing something in a picture and viewing the real item are two different things and Pauline just wanted to make sure that the items she had selected really were what she wanted. Some changes were made based on that trip, but most items met with her specifications. 
Roy, like most potential husbands stayed well away from the shopping expeditions. He was shown the list – well it was shoved under his nose all filled in and he was asked to review it and make any additions or deletions. What man in his right mind would dare to do anything other than endorse that list as perfect and just what the couple needed? Should he have any tentative suggestions or opinions he had better be careful how the subject is broached. Careful deliberation has been put into that list, rocking the boat at this point is a very perilous escapade. Criticizing the adequacy of that list is comparable to running through a minefield on skis. Roy was no fool, he perused the list in great detail and then announced that they had done a fantastic job and it was all inclusive. That was yet another potential bullet he had dodged. Roy was an investment advisor with a national bank, so stupid he wasn’t. He was accustomed to pussyfooting around and being diplomatic and anything to do with the wedding demanded those skills in his opinion.  Pauline had a good set of values and lots of common sense and her sisters were totally behind her and giving her advice. No way was Roy going to mess with that. If it was OK with Pauline it was fine with him. A recipe for a happy and contented marriage that was – well up to a point anyway he figured.  
***
As Penny and Pauline walk out of Sears, they bump into Claire Ryder.
“Oh Hi Claire” said Penny. “I haven’t seen you since the reunion. How are things going with you these days?”
Before she could answer, Pauline said:
“I have a dentist’s appointment, Sis, I have to go.” “Nice seeing you again Claire.”
With that she left them both. Penny then said, 
“I had completely forgotten about Pauline’s dental appointment, do you have time to grab a bit to eat Claire, my treat” said Penny.
“I’d love to” said Claire.”
They walk done the block a few yards and then go into a restaurant for lunch.
“I never really had much time to talk to you at the reunion” said Penny. It was pretty hectic that night as you know.” “So tell me, how are things going with you and how are the kids doing?”
“Well” said Claire “therein lies a tale.”
“Cathy is doing just fine, she is now articling at an architectural firm down town.” “She just loves it too and she only has one more year to go.” “David on the other hand is up to his eyes in divorce problems.” “He married way too soon and to the wrong girl and now he is paying for it.” “He was only a kid when he got married.”
“Oh I’m sorry to hear that” said Penny. “What happened?” 
“Well it more or less started to go downhill right after they married.” “They were just ill suited to each other and wanted different things.” In my own personal opinion he married her for sex – she had huge boobs and he was mesmerized by them.” That as you well know is no basis for marriage.”  “Anyway they started arguing and fighting over just about everything.” She was always demanding more and more and criticizing him over everything he did.” His response was to withdraw and go drinking and come home late, he was immune to her jibes that way.” That was his way of coping, I guess.” “Needless to say things went from bad to worse.” “They were still sleeping in the same bed, but nothing else was going on.”  
“That can’t have improved matters” said Penny.
 “No it made things worse” said Claire.
“Bonnie thought that by cutting him off he would smarten up and get back on board.” “David threw the towel in at that point.” “If sex was the only drawing card and Bonnie withdrew that, then what else was there?” “Bonnie used to phone me and complain about David’s activities, but she never acknowledged her part in all of this” said Claire.
“She would actually phone you and complain about your son to you?” said Penny incredulously.
“Oh Yes” said Claire, “I was her sounding board.” “She told me everything, including the lack of sex and how he wasn’t performing up to specifications anymore.”
“She got into that much detail?” asked Penny. 
“That and more” said Claire. “I found it embarrassing to listen to her divulge all this personal stuff about her sex life, I didn’t need to know all this.” “At times it got to be quite graphic; David would have died on the spot if he knew what she was telling me.”
“Wow” said Penny, who needs that.”  “It’s simply hard to imagine anyone phoning their mother-in-law to complain about their husbands sexual deficiencies.” “That’s mind boggling Claire.”
“Don’t I know it” she replied. “The worst part was when I would go and visit them.” “Knowing what I did it made it extremely hard for me to go and visit with them.” “Bonnie would snipe at David while I was there, but I could not interfere.” “That would make matters worse. I couldn’t embarrass David like that.”
“No of course not” said Penny. “That would be adding insult to injury.” 
“How did Trevor deal with all of this” asked Penny, curious to learn how Claire’s husband felt it about it all.
“Oh Trevor never did like the Orangutan”, said Claire.”
 Penny nearly fell off her chair laughing. 
“The Orangutan?” she said, “why on earth did he call her that?”  “It was her red hair mostly” said Claire, but Trevor said she reminded him of an organ grinder’s monkey.” “Trevor just never took to Bonnie.” “He was polite to her face and she never knew how he really felt – but he always said that marriage wouldn’t last.” “He considered her an “airhead”. “The only thing she would be good for, was as a life jacket if you were sunk at sea.” “That as you can appreciate was in reference to her large boobs - she would make a good floatation device to hang onto” said Claire. “Other than that Trevor had no time for her. At first I thought that Trevor was just being nasty, but over time he was proved right.  David meanwhile found somebody new. He is keeping her very quiet and Bonnie has no idea. He has filed for divorce and things are getting ugly, so he keeps her right out of the picture.”
“Have you met her yet?” asked Penny.
“Yes I have said Claire and she is a lovely girl.” “Trevor and I were invited to dinner with them last week as a matter of fact.” Trevor was taken with her on the spot and he told her so too.” “That girl knew for sure where she stood with him; there would be no In-Law problems for her.” “Trevor just wanted her to know that.” 
Penny laughed, “that’s always good to know” she said.
“Well we both hope this works out for them. Bonnie is turning into a real bitch regarding the divorce.” “It is not going to an amicable one that’s for sure” said Claire. “That’s silly really; the only people who will gain from this are the lawyers.”
“Oh yes” said Penny “I am fully familiar with that.”
“Yes of course you are” said Claire, “but it turned out for the better though Penny. Just look at you now, you are beaming and full of the joys of spring. I don’t think Mrs. Stark is on the receiving end of complaint calls from her daughter–in-law, that much I can see.”
Both women giggled at that crack, especially Penny.
“No Claire I don’t have any complaints there” she said.
The pair then finished their lunch and Penny picked up the tab. 
“The next time is on me said Claire and let’s not leave it so long next time.”
Right said Penny, then she added, we should have you over for dinner one night Claire. I’m sure Brett would like to catch up with Trevor too.” “I’ll call you later if that’s OK.”
“That would be lovely” said Claire, “we’d love to come over.”
Well that’s a date then Claire; I’ll call you with the time and date.
They then said their goodbyes and went their separate ways. Penny was now thinking to herself that she could have had similar troubles had her first marriage lasted. Hopefully Simon and Felicity would not find themselves in this situation down the road. The statistics though were not too encouraging. Still, as Penny knew from personal experience, divorce wasn’t the end of the world. There were far worse things in life to be dealt with by many people. As she was walking to the parking lot she kept smiling at that Orangutan comment. She was equally thankful that she didn’t have red hair. Mousey Brown coloring was just fine with her.  Being considered an organ grinder’s monkey or an airhead was a comment she could very well do without. In laws could be funny creatures, how fortunate she was to have nice ones she thought to herself. They were nice simple people, church goers who never bad mouthed anyone, at least not in her presence anyway. In many ways they were similar to her own parents, and for that she was grateful. It certainly makes a difference when you have in-laws that like you. In that respect she had always been fortunate. She had got along well with Tom’s family and she did now with Brett’s. The lunch with Claire had made her think and she now realized just how fortunate she was. As she walked past a shop window carrying her shopping bags she instinctively looked at her reflection in the window. No! Her knuckles were not touching the ground, even when weighted down by shopping bags.  Well that’s good to know she thought, I can’t be considered an Orangutan at least, and she chuckled to herself at that. She was still smiling when she reached her car and set off home.
Chapter Eighteen
***
It seemed like only yesterday that she was at that reunion, Penny thought to herself, but it was in fact much farther back than that. As she sat there reflecting on the event and the people she had re-connected with she drifted back to her high school days. There were many people that had not attended that reunion, acquaintances rather than friends perhaps, but she had known them all the same. The recollection of the various classes that she took and the rivalries between the girls came clearly to her mind. The petty jealousies and the bickering and the nasty tricks they had played on each other. Penny had been nervous about showing up for the reunion herself, others had in fact been terrified to do so for fear of who else might show up. Penny knew she hadn’t been a saint, but some of the others had been off the charts in terms of outlandish behaviour. Showing up at the reunion and having that exposed to the public now was totally out of the question. Some folks were certainly capable of blowing the whistle on some of these activities and if they were present they would do just that. Every class had its “manure agitator,” (putting it politely) and Penny’s was no different. Buddy Downs was only one of many who could have rocked many boats had they been in attendance. Wayne and Roxanne Grubb were a couple more. While they themselves were participants in some of the more raucous activities, they would willingly brag about it in public and name the others without question if they thought it would embarrass them. Brenda Banks and Colin Moore were another couple who were off the scale in terms of exhibitionism. Nice enough kids, but wild beyond belief. After High School they had gone their separate ways. Brenda went out West to college; Colin stayed local and went to the University of Toronto. He was a VP of some industrial company now, but Brenda was an unknown, other than she was out in BC somewhere. Penny wondered what had become of Brenda at this point. Yes, a lot had happened in the twenty five years she had been away. She had heard some of the stories regarding her friends during and after the reunion, but many more were left untold. The friends she had re-connected with were all settled now both in their careers and in their domestic lives. Sadly that was not the case for all. Penny had heard some disturbing stories about some of the other girls and the lives they had lead. As she looked back now on her own life she realized just how fortunate she had been. Yes she had the same knocks as everyone else, that was life, but she considered herself to be privileged. She had a solid career and was now reunited with the love of her life. What could be better than that?  Oh it wasn’t always easy and she had taken her knocks along with everyone else – but hers were nothing compared to some of the stories she had heard at that reunion. Some of those girls had lived in fear and trepidation every day and so did their children. Others never knew where the next meal was coming from and were reduced to live on welfare. All of it caused by making a simple choice – it just turned out to be the wrong one. Yes High School was a place to make choices and they all did. Many of which their parents would have frowned upon. They were wild and reckless and full of life, but one wrong choice could derail your train for life and in one or two cases it did. Most of her friends were now doing well and were happy with their lives; a few others were living in hell. Penny remembered being told as a small girl that, “School days are the happiest days of your life.” As she was reflecting on that now she realized that there was a lot of truth in that statement. Oh she was happier now than she had ever been, thanks to Brett being back in her life, but those crazy school days had been a blast. No children to be responsible for and set an example to. No deadlines to meet, bills to pay, office politics to contend with and all the other trivia that makes up daily life for adults. Yep! Childhood sure was pretty good back in those days thought Penny. Coming back for that reunion turned out to be the best thing she could have done. It had been scary at first, but it had been worth it. She glanced across the room to the mirror on the wall and smiled. The years had been good to Penny, at 45 she looked much younger and she felt it. She was happy and contented now. Her next project was getting Pauline to be this happy and married to Roy. She sat their musing about that point now; her daydream was then suddenly shattered. 
“Hey Sis is there any coffee left?” Penny’s next project had emerged from her bed.
“Oh my god!” Penny exclaimed “what happened to you last night?” “You look like the wrath of god.”
“Just keep it down will you” said Pauline. “My hair is aching.”
“Yes that I can believe” said Penny. “I guess you had a good time then at that wedding?”
“I can’t remember said Pauline, “I think so.” “The booze just crept up on me I guess.” “I didn’t think I had drunk too much, but I guess I did.” 
A few minutes later the phone rings and Penny answers it.
“Well at least you didn’t drive home Pauline.”
“That was the golf club, they still have your car keys so I guess I’ll have to drive you over there later Huh!” “Assuming that is you are in a fit state by then.” “Perhaps tomorrow might be a better idea?”
“Ha, Ha sis, I’ll be good to go once I have showered.” “Don’t forget I’m much younger than you – I recover much faster.” “Meow” said Penny, “I should make you walk there for that crack, but I’ll be gracious this time, just be more respectful to your elders in future.”
A little later that morning Penny drives Pauline over to the golf club to collect her car. As she is driving out of the parking lot she notices a woman going in the side door. Obviously she was going to work, but Penny did a double take. She vaguely resembled Brenda Banks, but that couldn’t be, she was out west somewhere. With that she put it out of her mind and drove home with Pauline right behind her. She was only dropping in to collect her things from her stop over last night and then she was going back home to Mom and Dad. Roy had presumably gone home in another taxi; Pauline didn’t know where he was. In fact she wasn’t too sure of where she was according to Penny, let alone the whereabouts of Roy. She found out later that he had gone home in a taxi and in a similar condition to that of Pauline. Both of them were told later by other guests that they had enjoyed themselves despite their amnesia and had in fact entertained many others with their antics. A revelation that now had Pauline horrified and deeply embarrassed and sworn off booze for life because of it.
“Oh God Penny” she had said. “What did I do last night?”
“You had a good time” said Penny, “that’s all.”
“You didn’t kill anybody or dance naked on the host’s kitchen table, you just enjoyed yourself.” “We all let out hair down occasionally, Pauline, and often things sort of get out of control a little.” “It happens and it will all soon be forgotten.” “A lot of people wish they could relax like that, trust me.” “Oh they may tease you a little about it down the road, but only in fun.” They certainly won’t think any the less of you.”
“If anything it will be the opposite. You livened up the party with your youthful exuberance; all parties need someone like that. You’ll now be invited to the best do’s in town now on the strength of that performance, Sis. Just you wait and see, laughed Penny. You will be the official, “life and soul of the party” from now on Pauline.” 
The following day pat phoned Penny to see if she would like to go golfing that afternoon.
“It’s only nine holes Penny, we can handle that in an afternoon” said Pat.
“Yes that would be nice” said Penny, “I haven’t played a round of golf in a while, I could use the fresh air.” 
“I’ll pick you up at 1:00pm then” said Pat.
“Fair enough, I’ll be ready and waiting” said Penny.
Pat calls round at one o’clock as scheduled and they set off for the golf course. It’s an ideal day for it too. The sun is out but it’s not hot and the sky is cloudless. There is no wind to speak of so unless they slice their shots they should be true. Of course whether they will be is an altogether different matter as any golfer knows. When they arrived at the club they met another pair of ladies and they decided to join up and make a foursome. They played the nine holes and had a good chinwag in doing so. As a result it was getting a little late when they arrived back in the clubhouse and Penny and Pat decided to go home for dinner at that point. They visited the ladies locker room prior to their departure, but bypassed the dining room. In so doing they failed to notice the new waitress that had been hired. One both of them knew quite well back in their school days.
After dinner that night Brett is up to his eyes in paperwork and payroll details so Penny tells him she is going over to see her Mom and Dad. 
“Say Hi! To them from me and explain that I’m up to my ass here otherwise I’d have gone with you” said Brett.
“I will do that” said Penny. 
When she arrives she sees Cindy’s car in the driveway and wonders if anything is wrong. She walks into the kitchen and they are all sitting round the kitchen table having a cup of tea. 
“Hi Sis,” said Cindy what brings you over?”
“Nothing really, I just wanted to visit, Brett’s busy with paperwork so I thought I’d drop over.”
“Why, what brought you over?” 
“Oh I was just dropping off some groceries that mom asked me to pick up to save her going out to get them.”
“Is there any more tea in that pot or should I make some more?”
“I’d make some more, honey, said her mother, that pot will be stale now. I’ll have one with you, Penny, mine has already gone cold.” Penny then makes herself and her mother another cup of tea and she sits down to join in the conversation. The talk goes back and forth for a while when Cindy suddenly says,
“I saw an old classmate of your today sis.”
“Oh, who is that” asked Penny. 
“Brenda Banks said Cindy; she has moved back here and is living with her mom and dad.”
“Is that right” said Penny.
Then the penny dropped with her.
“I thought I saw a woman that looked like her at the golf club the other day” said Penny, but I dismissed it thinking she was still in Vancouver.”
“Not anymore” said Cindy; she sure had it rough out there she was telling me.” She married the wrong guy and he turned out to be a real slimy bastard.”
“What happened?” asked Penny.
“Well Brenda said that things went well for the first few years then he developed a drug problem.” “They both had jobs and they were saving up for a house.” He then turns into a control freak apparently.” It was gradual apparently, not an overnight thing.” He just wanted to control the finances, pay the bills etc. Brenda had no problem with that – he was showing some responsibility at least she thought.” “Anyway they buy a house and settle down and his drug problem worsens.” “He now starts gambling to pay for his drug problems.” 
“Brenda is at her wits end now and he starts to demand that they have kids.” “Needless to say Brenda is less than enthusiastic about that while he is having problems.” “One thing leads to another and the name calling starts.” “He tried to substitute her birth control pills with aspirin by shaping them with a file.” “Brenda caught on to that one.” “He then threw them away and forced her to have sex nightly hoping he could get her pregnant that way. Brenda had secretly replenished her pills so that was not going to be a problem.” “He then decides she is not the woman for him and off he goes with others trying to get one of them pregnant.”
“After a while he is successful and is now talking of divorcing Brenda.” “By this time Brenda is fine with that, she has suffered enough.”
“I’ll say” chimed in Penny and her mother at the same time. “Nobody should have to put up with that.”
“Oh it gets better” says Cindy, that isn’t the half of it.”
“At this point he remortgages the house unknown to Brenda, he was still handling the finances remember.” “All the bills were being paid so Brenda thought nothing was amiss.” “His drug addiction was getting worse daily now.” “As a result he loses his job.” “He is now in deep shit with his dealer and bookie as he has fallen behind.” “So now he sells them the house for a pittance to get himself off the hook.” “They now pay off the mortgages and the house is theirs free and clear and they are in pocket on the deal.” “He then agrees to pay them rent on the place.” “Brenda is totally in the dark on any of this.” “One day a knock comes to the door, it’s the bookie.” “The jerk has got himself in deep again and payment is required.” The bookie eyed Brenda up and down, undressing her mentally; he then suggested an interim payment could be made, in kind so to speak. If she wished to remain in the house that is.” Failing that he said eviction papers would be drawn up.” “Brenda was stunned and the guy then spelled out everything that had transpired and how they now owned the house.”
“My God in Heaven” said Mrs. Mason, the poor woman.”
“What did she do then?” asked Penny.
“The only thing that she could, said Cindy.” “She took out a bank loan and paid for her return trip to Toronto and she brought with her what little she had left in terms of possessions.” “The rest as it turned out were all financed and belonged to the finance company.”
“What is she doing now?” asked her mother.” “She is working as a waitress in the golf club right now” said Cindy and she is living with her parents.” “She has too many debts to pay off right now. Her credit rating is shot thanks to him and she has no money for a place of her own.”
Penny then said, “Well I think I shall have to pay Brenda a visit to see if I can give her a helping hand.” God knows she could use one.” 
That would be very kind of you Penny.” “I’m sure God himself would look kindly up on you for doing something helpful for that poor woman.”
“Perhaps he would, mother, but that isn’t the reason for my doing it.”
“I was only thinking recently how fortunate I have been and how some have not.”
“Brenda was a friend of mine in school and I am certainly in a position to help her out now.” “She is not a sponger and she has her pride so I will tread lightly.” 
Do you remember what you used to say to me, Dad, about people who were down when I was a teenager, those three tenets on life as you called them. “Yes, Penny I do and very clearly.” “I never forgot that daddy” she said and now I can do something about it for Brenda.”
Cindy now questioned what words of wisdom her dad had imparted to Penny.
“What was it that dad said Penny.” 
“He told me to never look down upon somebody unless it was to give them a helping hand up.” “He also said; treat others the way you wish to be treated. “His last one was equally powerful, do you still remember it Dad? Yes indeed Penny, my dad passed it down to me and I to you.” They are words to live by girls; you won’t go wrong with them as your guide through life.”
“What was the last one dad” asked Cindy.
He looked at her and said:
“Never take away a person’s hope, Cindy, sometimes that is all that they left.”
They truly are words of wisdom Dad I hope I can remember them.” 
“Oh you will honey, you already live by them every day, it’s who you are dear.”
All three of you live like that every day and I am equally proud of all of you because of it. You really are beautiful girls and any father would be proud of you all. Cindy and Penny needed no prompting. They both got up spontaneously and went over and hugged their dad and kissed him. 
Penny then said, 
“You know Dad that is a two way street.” “We are just as proud of you too you know.” “The same goes for you too Mom.” We may seem to take you for granted most of the time, but we do love and appreciate all you have done for us.”
When Penny got home that night she had a chat with Brett about Brenda and she told him she wanted to help her out. Brett was all in favor of it when he had heard the story. Let me know if there is anything I can do he had said. 
“You know Penny” he said we shall be coming to the end of that Clarkson estate pretty soon. We have the show house still open you know.” “I could have a word with Alan and maybe work out something.” “Maybe she could move in and pay rent for a while with a view to buying it later for a discount of course.” I’d have to run it by Alan but he’s as soft as I am, so I don’t see a problem.”
Penny threw her arms around Brett’s neck, “You are one in a million, make that ten million Brett.” “That is why I love you so much, you are always willing to help others.” “Oh I’m no saint Penny,” “perhaps not? Brett, but you are no ogre either.”
“I will go over to see Brenda tomorrow evening and see if she will accept my help. I have to be very careful how I broach that topic.” “As I recall she is a proud woman.”  
“I’ll have spoken to Alan by then so we will be in a better position to know what is what then.”
The following evening Penny goes over to visit the Bank’s home. When she arrives she rings the doorbell and it is Brenda who answers it. She is taken aback by who it is and she knows only too well about Penny’s celebrity in town. 
“Oh Hi Penny” she sort of stammers, what can I do for you.”
“I just came to visit” said Penny. “I heard that you were back in town. Is this a bad time? I can come back.”
“No it’s fine come on in.”
Brenda is so ashamed now of the position she is in and feels that everyone is going to gloat. She thinks that Penny being a celebrity is merely the first one of a long line who will look down their noses at her now. Brenda was destroyed now; her self-esteem had gone right out of the window. To be reduced to this at her age and for her not to have seen it coming was unforgivable. At least that is what she thought, and now Penny Mason the celebrity queen had dropped by to gloat.
“I guess you have been talking to Cindy eh!”
“Well yes I have” said Penny, she told me what you had told her in the supermarket.”
“I was feeling sorry for myself that day” said Brenda. “I should have kept my mouth shut. People will think I’m a right ditz to have let all that happen. Cindy won’t be telling anyone Brenda and besides, there are a lot of skeletons in a lot of cupboards in this town. People who live in glass houses remember.”
“Yeah, well I still have my tail between my legs now. How could I have been so dumb?” “Because you were trusting Brenda that’s why” said Penny. “Husbands are supposed to love their wives, not do that to them.
 “I’ll never get out of debt and have a self-sufficient life now, look at me I’m 45 and living with my parents. My classmates will have a field day laughing at me now after all I have achieved. How’s that for success?”
“Oh you can’t judge by that Brenda,” said Penny.
“I heard that you had a good job out in BC.”
“Yes but that was in the lumber industry, they don’t have that in Toronto.”
“Jobs are kind of hard to find at the moment and my credit rating is non-existent.” 
“I am working at the golf club right now as a waitress. The tips are pretty good so I do alright.”
“Well good for you” said Penny.
“Yes well it’s hardly the international stardom that you now enjoy.”
“Oh I was just lucky said Penny, but it hasn’t really changed me.”
“I know how fortunate I have been and others have not for a variety of reasons.”
“When I came back for that reunion Brenda and I listened to some of the stories that some of the girls were telling and it made me realize how lucky I had been.” “I married young too the first time and it didn’t work out.” The second time was better, but even that failed.” This time I got it right, I married Brett.” “I should have done that from the start, but you know, Brenda, had I done so, things may not have been the same.” “What happened to you could have happened to many of us including me.” “The reunion made me realize that.” “I was lucky and now I am wealthy, but money isn’t everything, Brenda.” “Friendship on the other hand is priceless and I am fortunate to have so many good friends; friends who would help me if I were in a jam.” “I would like to be your friend Brenda if you will let me.”
“I have more money than I know what to do with and you have very little.” “Let me help you out till you get back on your feet.” 
“You don’t have to do that Penny, although it is very nice of you to offer.”
“I know I don’t, Brenda, but I want to.” “As you pointed out you will never get back on your feet with all those debts.” “Debts that you yourself did not incur, Brenda.” “I have spoken to Brett and we have a solution.” “Assuming of course that you will let us help you?”
“Brett has a show house fully furnished on an estate project that has now been finished.” “You can move in to it and pay a small rental for it.” ‘I will pay off your existing debts in full.” “You can then concentrate of putting your life back together.” “If you would like to purchase that house when you are able to, then that can be arranged with a bank at a discounted price due to the rent you have paid.”
This arrangement is just between us Brenda. Nobody else needs to know and I would prefer it if you would keep it that way. You have had a tough break so far Brenda; please let me help you out of it.”
“Are you for real Penny, do you really mean all of that.” 
“Every word of it Brenda, that is why I came.”
“When Cindy told me that story I knew I could be of help and I simply had to offer.” “I’m no saint Brenda, but I am a human being and I want to help. Besides it will ease my conscience for having so much and doing nothing to help others with it. What do you say?” You can take some time to think it over if you like.”
Brenda just broke down in a flood of tears. She was in no condition to respond so Penny went over to her and hugged her instead. Brenda was just sobbing, her whole body convulsing. This offer had overwhelmed her completely. Earlier that evening she had been wondering how on earth she would ever get her life back and Penny shows up with the answer. When she composed herself a few minutes later she gratefully thanked Penny for her magnanimous gesture and accepted it wholeheartedly.
“I’ll never be able to repay you Penny” she said.
“Oh yes you will” said Penny, but not with money.”
“Just get Brenda back to who she should be, a self-sufficient woman who is happy and content. That is the only thing I want to see.” “No money on earth can buy that Brenda Just knowing that I helped you to get there is reward enough. That is what friendship is all about Brenda. Who knows you may be able to help someone out yourself one day.”
 Penny then left leaving Brenda still in tears but much happier than when she had arrived.
The following day Brenda gets an unexpected call from a lumber company asking if she would be interested in interviewing for a manager’s job they had open. Brett has asked Alan to check around and he came up with this firm. They were one of the sub-contractors that they used and they had an opening. Alan hadn’t gone into the details about Brenda other than to say that she had just returned from Vancouver and she knew the business backwards. He gave her a pretty good build up, but the rest would be up to Brenda. The contractor said he would give her a call, if she was that good he didn’t want the opposition to snatch her up. Brenda went for the interview and she got the job. Things were now on the mend for Brenda. All it took was a little hand up. Penny’s dad was right; this was the way to treat people as you went through life. Penny was gratified by it all. She had helped a friend get back on her feet when someone else had pulled the rug from under her.
Chapter Nineteen
***
Brian and Blanche were shopping in the city one weekend when Brian spots an old university friend walking by.
“Hi John” he calls out, “how’s it going buddy?”
They chat for a few minutes and Brian invited him over to dinner the following weekend. They hadn’t had much of a chance to catch up on things, but he was divorced and had a daughter, that much he had learned.
Blanche was now on the hook to cook dinner for a stranger and was apprehensive about it. What kind of food does he eat, what are his preferences etc. does he have any allergies?
“Blanche, settle down” said Brian. “I’ll call him and ask him if he has any preferences or allergies OK.” Just relax, it’s not George Clooney that’s dropping by you know. God alone knows what you would be like then?”
Blanche just glared at him.
“It’s alright for you she said, you are not the one doing the cooking.”
“He’s an ordinary guy for god’s sake; he’ll eat what you put in front of him.”
“He’s not Jamie Oliver, Blanche, and he’s not marking you out of ten for the meal, its presentation, the table decoration or the dress coordination of the hostess.”
“He’d be happy with a hamburger and a beer, so calm down and just be your charming self.”
“Well three is an odd number” said Blanche.
“Wow! Hallelujah” said Brian, “what a revelation, so it is” he said laughing. “Why not invite Betty then and even it out” he said.
“Yes that’s an excellent idea” said Blanche “I’ll do that.”
The following weekend John Clarke arrives with a bottle of wine and some flowers for Blanche. Betty arrived a few minutes later and she was introduced to him. It had not been set up as a matchmaking exercise and after dinner the men went into the den to discuss things about the past and present and the women cleared away the dishes and chatted in the kitchen. Once they had cleaned up they went in and joined the men complete with exotic drinks. At this point in time Blanche had not discussed with Betty anything about John or what she thought of him. That came up the following day.
“Hi Blanche, it’s me” said Betty. “I just wanted to thank you for last night, I really enjoyed myself.” “That meal was delicious I really enjoyed it Blanche, you always were good in the kitchen.”
“Only in the kitchen?” joked Blanche.
“Well I’m hardly in a position to comment on what other expertise you may have now am I?” Although I have heard ---------????? 
“OK enough already” said Blanche laughing.
 “I also liked your guest John” said Betty. “He seemed really nice and he’s single I believe you mentioned?” “Do you know if he’s seeing anyone?” 
“Well no I don’t” said Blanche, “but I can ask Brian.”
Brian had hardly got through the front door that night when Blanche was on him.
“Is John Clarke seeing anyone right now Brian?” she enquired. 
“How would I know?” “Why do you ask? he retorted.” “Do you fancy him or something?”
“I don’t but I think Betty does.”
“Well now that’s interesting” said Brian. “John was asking me the same thing about her.” “I guess there must have been some hidden vibes going on between them last night.”
Blanche immediately gets on the phone to Betty and informs her that John had been asking about her to Brian.
“It looks like you made a connection last night Betty” Blanche said to her.
“Yes he was rather nice” said Betty. “I’d like to get to know him a little better.”
“Yes I’m sure you would” said Blanche, “so what are you going to do about it?”
“Well it’s hardly up to me now is it?”
“Oh I don’t know Betty, these days a woman needs to be creative.” “You could say, bump into him outside his office as you are just passing.”
“Give me a break Blanche; I couldn’t get away with a stunt like that.” “I’m not a stalker” she replied.
“Let me talk to Brian and see if he can come up with something.”
With that she turns to Brian and explains the situation to him. 
“Give me Betty’s phone number’ he says.
 The following morning he calls Blanche from work.
“I’ve had a word with John and given him her phone number” “He said he would call her tonight and invite her out to dinner.”
He had hardly got the words out of his mouth before Blanche said “Thanks Brian” and hung up on him and dialed Betty’s number.
“Hi Betty, I’ve got good news.” “Brian gave John your number and he is going to call you this evening to ask you to dinner.” “Just act surprised OK.”
“I think I can manage that” said Betty. “Thank Brian for me will you, in fact thank you too.” It will be nice to go out again as a couple, being a third wheel is no fun at all.” “The wives are always on guard in case you are after their husbands now that you don’t have one of your own.” “They seem to think that you will be a sex starved vampire or something that is ready to swoop down and sink your fangs into their man.”
“Well in all fairness, it has been known to happen Betty” said Blanche.” She ought to know she thought, reflecting on her affair with Jeff.
“Yeah I guess” said Betty, “but I’m not that desperate, at least not yet anyway” and they both laughed at that.
Things were now getting back on track for Betty. The loss of Jeff had been traumatic for both herself and Alice. It was time now to move on and John Clarke might just be the answer. He really was a nice man and he too had a daughter. Perhaps the future would look kindly upon such a union. It wouldn’t be Betty’s fault if it didn’t. She was ready to settle down with someone and to grow old with them. Solitude was not something she fancied in her old age, but at 45 she knew she was past her prime, but she still had a lot of mileage left before the rocking chair was needed. Sexually she was as good as ever, but she was no longer 18 and in a few more years her figure would not be as alluring as it was today. Her ability to attract a man like John Clarke then may be questionable. He on the other hand could easily attract a much younger woman. He was distinguished looking, had a good job and was an ideal catch for many women. She had to put on her A game here if she were to land this man.
John as it happened felt exactly the same way. As he looked in the mirror in the morning he saw images of grey hair and wrinkles and they were increasing daily. He was not getting any younger and down the road, having a lady like Betty interested in him then may be questionable also. He had taken an instant liking to Betty and it had been cemented when he took her out to dinner. She just had this indescribable personality, a combination of humor and common sense with an air of impish behaviour thrown in. She was fun to be with and she had this element of sensuality about her that was most alluring. John simply had to find out more about this captivating woman.
Both he and Betty were a little guarded right now, but that would not last for much longer. They were both on the same page and felt the same way. The future looked good for them both.
***
Things were now moving along very smoothly for Tom and Marilyn also. They had set the date for their wedding in the late Spring and the plans were now underway. It was not going to be a lavish affair like Penny’s, but it would be tasteful. The guest list was quite lengthy and many of the city’s distinguished citizens would be in attendance, together with Tom’s hospital colleagues and others from farther afield. The Rotary Club would be well represented also and they in fact were organizing a fair portion of the activities. Some of the members were in the various businesses involved, like catering, restaurants, flowers, music, transportation etc. This took a large amount of the administrative details away from the bride and groom. In actual fact, Tom and Marilyn had little to do beyond actually show up for the ceremony. Their friends had rallied around and taken care of most of the details. The guest list and the seating arrangements were just about the only things they were involved in. 
Weddings in general can be minefields. There are so many political issues that suddenly rear their ugly heads. Things that in everyday life are ignored or treated as routine now take on a magnitude of earth shattering proportions. Marilyn wanted Felicity to be her flower girl. How would Penny react to that request? After all she was Penny’s flower girl and she was her daughter. This could create a problem. Tom was totally in favor of it and couldn’t see a problem, but then he was a man. Men are clueless on such matters thought Marilyn. Felicity had no problem doing this and in fact would like to do it. Marilyn had no other option, she had to phone Penny and ask her how she felt about it.
“Hi Penny it’s Marilyn” I have a favor to ask of you.” It’s kind of delicate and I’ll totally understand if you say “No”, but I had to ask.”
“Well ask away Marilyn” said Penny.
“I want Felicity to be my flower girl, but I don’t want to cause any friction anywhere and so I am asking your permission.”
“That was very thoughtful of you Marilyn and I can appreciate the courage it took to pick up the phone and call me. I liked you the first time I met you Marilyn. This reaffirms my initial impression of you. I have absolutely no objection whatsoever to you having Felicity as your flower girl. She is Tom’s daughter too. I have no animosity towards you, or to Tom for that matter Marilyn. I wish both of you the very best for the future, I really do. I think you will be very good for each other and so do all your other friends so I hear. Thanks for calling and have a good evening Marilyn.”
Marilyn was deeply impressed by Penny’s reaction and comments. That’s one classy lady she thought to herself. Then upon reflection she thought to herself, why am I not surprised, Tom would never have married anything less than a lady. Having money does not mean having class and behaving appropriately in any given circumstance. Mrs. Penny Stark had both in Marilyn’s eyes, she had thought so before, now she’d had it confirmed. 
The flower girl issue was the only headache that Marilyn was aware of. There were others but they had all been dealt with. Her colleagues in the realty office were throwing hen parties and showers for her and in general keeping her hopping. She hardly had time to think things were happening so quickly. Some of those showers were hilarious and a lot of teasing was going on. The profession attracts a lot of widows and single women as it allows them to earn a significant income. Something that is vital if you are on your own with children to raise. Of course one needs to be sufficiently educated in order to pass the exams. Those without the education are destined to pursue less lucrative careers, some offering minimum wage. Marilyn’s colleagues have all been around the block once or twice. They have learned to size up people pretty good, and at first glance too. Few of them would be enticed to show homes to questionable looking individuals in remote locations. All of her colleagues without exception endorsed Marilyn’s association with Tom. They considered him to be a real catch. One or two suggesting that they should sample the merchandise themselves first to make sure he was all he seemed to be. After all they said, you can’t return faulty husbands the way you can dry goods. In essence they were willing to test out all of Tom’s attributes and skills, of various types to ensure that Marilyn would not be disappointed. One or two suggesting that they could pay a visit to Victoria’s Secret first and come up with something that might entice Tom. This way they would be able to see if he could rise to the occasion so to speak. They were totally prepared to sacrifice themselves this way in the name of friendship they said. All Marilyn had to do was give them permission. That permission, strangely enough, was not forthcoming. 
Tom was busy as usual and didn’t have time to attend all the various Jack and Jill’s or the showers, and everyone understood why. He showed up as and when he could and joined in the festivities. Like most men this was done under sufferance. He felt that these functions were designed more for the brides than the grooms and his attendance was not obligatory. He was right of course, but one is obliged to show an interest at least. Not so much at the showers, but at Jack and Jill’s one should at least be present. After all, one might be getting tools and bench saws and drills and power washers. Notice the word Might? Those with such expectations just might be disappointed. It is far more likely that the tools involved would be blenders, salad twirlers, electric can openers etc. Then again in these modern times men are indeed interested in such appliances. Cast iron cookware, ceramic pots, recipes and cookbooks have replaced drills and tools. It’s the women taking those carpentry classes now while the men are at home in the kitchen or child minding. There’s no stereotyping anymore society has changed. However, Tom Forrest hasn’t changed that much, not yet at least. He is old school and his wife will not be expected to repair fences, do plumbing jobs and haul out the garbage. This is yet another reason Marilyn’s colleagues consider Tom to be a good catch. Most of them have to do all of that for themselves; and some of them are married too.
Pauline and Roy had now set a date for their wedding; it was to be held on the third Saturday in August. The church had been booked and the reception would be held in the basement of the church. Bruce Richards would be doing the catering himself for this event. It was not going to be a large function like Penny’s. On the contrary it was to be a small intimate affair for the two families and their friends with no more than 100 people attending. The guest list had been drawn up, and changed once or twice too as had the seating arrangements. The table placements were not creating any problems for this event. Jenny’s husband was providing all the flowers as their wedding gift to the bride and groom. Jenny herself would be dressing the bridal party including the most experienced flower girl in town, Felicity. Jenny’s store was up and running again now and she was really doing well. Her business had increased significantly and she was now contemplating expanding. The unit next door had its lease coming due shortly and the proprietor of the business was thinking of retiring. If he did then Jenny would take it over and expand. She had increased her staff to six now. Three were in the actual store plus two seamstresses doing alterations and dressmaking and other sewing details. They were all getting on well together and she had a happy shop that was operating pretty much at full capacity. City celebrities were now among her clients and her prices rose to reflect that. Even so they were still very reasonable for the work that she turned out. Marilyn was not using Jenny for her bridal gown. She certainly didn’t want to put anyone on the spot for that. Hers was being done by a dressmaker in the city, one who Jenny respected as it happened. When she found out who was making Marilyn’s dress she said that it would be done beautifully. I know the lady Jenny had said, Marilyn will not be disappointed.
Roy for his part was more concerned with the honeymoon and where to go. He had sounded Pauline out on places that she would like to visit, but he still wanted to surprise her. She was completely in the dark as to where she would be going for her honeymoon. Roy had promised her that she would be given time to assemble an appropriate wardrobe for the trip beforehand. Other than that she was going to be kept in the dark. Roy had been asking around and seeking clues from the guys at work and he had several ideas floating around in his mind now.
Tom Forrest had similar headaches regarding his own honeymoon. It wasn’t so much the destination that was the problem in his case, it was what to do with Bradley. If they couldn’t find somebody suitable to look after him they would be obliged to take him along. That of course is hardly the ideal situation for a honeymoon, even a second time around one. Marilyn had nobody on her side that could do it and Tom’s family were all out of town and didn’t know the boy anyway and he didn’t know them. It was Simon who came up with the solution, “why can’t Bradley stay with us” he asked. That stopped Tom and Marilyn dead in their tracks. They just looked at each other. It would be the ideal solution of course as Bradley and Simon played well together. How Penny and Brett would react to the idea was another matter altogether. This time it was Tom that phoned Penny.
“I know this is a bit much Penny but I have a favor to ask of you, a really big favor.”
“OK Tom what is it?”
“Could you possibly look after Bradley for a couple of weeks for us when we go on our honeymoon?”
Penny broke out laughing at the other end of the phone.
“Well now Tom, is not every day that the ex-wife is asked to look after the kids while the new wife is taken away on honeymoon.” You’ll have to forgive my laughter.” 
“I’ll understand if you don’t want to do it” said Tom “but there was nobody else we could ask.”
“Of course I’ll do it Tom. Brett and I would have no problem with that at all. I told Marilyn the other day that I wished you both well and I meant it Tom. May I ask where you are going or is that a secret?” 
“Well it is to everyone else, Penny, but I will have to tell you anyway so that you could contact us in case of emergency.”
“I won’t tell anyone Tom, you have my word on that.”
“Marilyn has always wanted to go on a safari to see the lions and elephants etc. so I am taking her to Kenya.” “I have booked a tour there were she will see all kinds of animals in the wild.”
“That sounds wonderful Tom, Marilyn will love that.”
“Does she know?”
“No I am keeping that as a surprise for now”
“Your secret is safe with me, let me know the details later Tom and we’re are all set.”
“Thanks Penny, you really are a life saver, ‘bye for now.”
When Brett came home that evening Penny told him what she had agreed to regarding Bradley coming to visit. He had no problem with it either, but he did comment on the irony of the ex looking after the kids as she herself had done. Then he added;
“That’s the kind of person you are Penny. Tom may have been blinded before by your success, but he knows now and so does Marilyn. They can go away relaxed knowing Bradley is in good hands, and they certainly do know that. Now I know I married an angel” said Brett. “How many other ex-wives would even tolerate that request let alone go along with it?”
It was now only three days away from the big day, Tom and Marilyn’s wedding. Tom was busy at the hospital tidying up his affairs and preparing to go away on his honeymoon for two weeks. He had arranged for his patients to be seen by a colleague where necessary and he had rearranged those appointments that were less urgent. This break was welcomed by his administrative staff, it would allow them to catch up with their paperwork and the filing of lab reports, ECG’s, stress results and all the other tests that come into play with heart conditions. In a busy practice like Dr. Forrest’s these reports can soon get backed up. The next two weeks would allow them to get back on track and put everything in order. The might even get around to changing the reading material in the waiting room.
Marilyn of course was in panic mode, fretting about Murphy’s Law as most brides do. In this case she had nothing to worry about, everyone else was doing that and she was out of the loop. She had no idea as to what crises were taking place or the resolution thereto. That of course did not stop her worrying about the competence of the people in charge of the problem solving. All of her concerns would prove to be groundless, but then she was a bride to be, worrying was par for the course. One item she was not worried about, her dress. That she had picked up two days ago and she was delighted with it. The gown itself was simply gorgeous. It was an off the shoulder slim waisted creation in cream with a flowing fluffed out skirt. The sequins were arranged in a floral pattern but they were applied in such a way that they could be removed at will, turning the dress into a cocktail number at the drop of a hat. It really was a beautiful and multi-functional dress. Jenny had dropped in to town at the lady’s request to offer her opinion. She loved it and said so. “Marilyn will love it, Mavis, this is beautiful work,” said Jenny. “It’s stylish, one of a kind and magnificently finished off, any woman would be delighted with that, Mavis.” “I can tell you now that Marilyn will be.” Jenny was right; Marilyn was over the moon when she saw it. 
“Oh Mavis it’s perfect, it’s even better than I dreamed it would be, thank you so much.” “I really will feel like a fairy princess in that, it’s absolutely beautiful” she said. She then went over and hugged her. 
The hair appointment had been set and the dress was now organized Marilyn was now ready to go, well on paper anyway. She was still hovering at 50,000 feet in panic mode even though she couldn’t put her finger on what she was worried about specifically. Her maid of honour asked her that actual question and Marilyn simply replied,
“Oh I don’t know – everything I guess.” There really are no comforting words to sooth that degree of paranoia, so it was left alone. The out of town guests now started to arrive and began checking in to the local hotels. Most of them were Tom’s friends from distant hospitals, his former classmates in university and post-doctoral fellowship colleagues. A stag do of sorts had been arranged for that night with all of Tom’s buddies being in attendance. It was to be held in one of the hotels, so it obviously would not be getting out of hand, as it might for example if it were to be held in the Sword and Dragon, Marilyn mused. She then laughed to herself, she just couldn’t imagine Tom and his friends in a place like that – how right she was on that point.
Chapter Twenty
***
Pauline and Roy were getting all their ducks in a row regarding their own wedding now and things were going along smoothly. The gift registry was all set up; the invitations had all been mailed out and the table favors organized. The gifts for the bridal party and the groomsmen had been purchased. The flowers, the reception, the church and the organist were all set also. The honeymoon was still up in the air, but Roy now had some ideas on that and he was working on it. Pauline had expressed one or two places she had never seen and would one day like to visit. It had not been done in connection to her wedding. This was something that had cropped up in general conversation over a period of time. Pauline had no idea where she would be going for her honeymoon. Roy on the other hand wanted her to really enjoy it and the surprise would be a large part of that. Penny had a surprise of her own for after the wedding. 
Pauline and Roy had been to the cinema in the city that night and had dropped in to the hotel for a nightcap. It was purely at random and they had no idea that Dr. Forrest’s stag do would be in full swing there. They never went over and Tom never saw them, but it was obvious that everyone was having a good time. When Pauline and Roy arrived they were roasting Tom from a podium and the audience was howling with laughter. What was actually being said Pauline didn’t quite catch? But it had everyone who did in stitches. They then moved to the piano bar and had their nightcap. Roy then takes Pauline home and he was about to drive home when Pauline reminded him that he had left his laptop there earlier.
“Oh Yes, I’d forgotten about that” said Roy. I’ll need that for work in the morning. Thanks for reminding me, Pauline.”
When they go into the house, Mr. and Mrs. Mason are just getting ready to go upstairs to bed. They both get up from their chairs and bid Pauline and Roy goodnight. Pauline goes over to kiss them both good night. She kissed her dad first and then her mom. As she turned back to face Roy, he was diving forward to grab her dad. He had apparently grabbed his chest, gone deathly white and his knees started to buckle. Roy did manage to break his fall and he yelled at Pauline to dial 911. Roy then proceeded to administer CPR to her dad. Pauline had dialed 911 but was now freaking out screaming. “Daddy no, please god no, you can’t have him yet we need him.” “Come on Daddy get up please.” Her mother is not much better and Roy is doing his best to calm down both women and continue with the CPR at the same time. He is beginning to tire now but the paramedics arrive just in time and take over. They put him on oxygen immediately and continue with the CPR. then pile him into the ambulance. They then rush to the hospital with sirens blaring.  Mr. Mason had had a heart attack they thought and prompt action by Roy had now given them a chance of saving him the paramedics had said. Once in the hospital he was rushed into the cardiac care unit and hooked up to an array of monitors plus the usual oxygen mask. He was given an intravenous dose of a blood thinner and for now he was stable. The doctor in charge came out and said,
“We shall keep him here for now until we can determine just how serious an attack he has had.” “He will be in good hands now, so go home and get some rest.” “We shall know more in the morning.”
“Can I stay with him?” asked Pauline.
“Yes of course,” said the doctor, “but he will be asleep until the morning now.”
“You would be better off getting some sleep yourself and then you can see him in the morning when you are fresh.”
“I think that would be a better plan” said Roy.
“Dad is going to be asleep all night.”
That was the first time Roy had called Mr. Mason dad and it had not been lost on Pauline or Mrs. Mason.
“Let me call a cab and we can come back in the morning” said Roy.
“I can call in and explain to them at work, they won’t have a problem with that.”
They then all go home. The doctor had given Mrs. Mason and Pauline a mild sleeping draft to help them get a good night’s sleep. They wanted to telephone Cindy and Penny right away, but Roy stopped them. I’ll take care of that he said. He then made them both a cup of tea and laced it with the sleeping draft. Both women were then escorted up to bed and he grabbed a blanket and slept on the couch in the living room. He did not phone Penny and Cindy until early the next morning. There was no point in giving them insomnia, there was nothing they could do except fret and worry and what was the point in that. He expected to be given grief for that decision in the morning, but he could live with it. As far as he was concerned he had done the right thing. He was awake bright and early and on the phone to Cindy and Penny. They were both around there in record time. A quick shower and that was about it. No makeup or trimmings this time. The questions flowed like Niagara Falls and Roy did his best to answer them. When the women were in their showers he had phoned the hospital for a status report. Mr. Mason had had a peaceful night and when Mrs. Mason arrived they would explain in greater detail what the prognosis was. Hospitals are always very vague and cautious on such matters and never disclose anything to anyone other than the next of kin as a rule.
Roy and Penny organize breakfast and Cindy goes up to wake up her mother and Pauline who are both unconscious due to the drug. They too now shower and get dressed and come down for breakfast. It is now about 7:00 a.m. and Pauline and her mother are still not exactly raring to go and full of vigor. Roy, they all agree, had been a real brick through all of this – but they still gave him a hard time for not calling and for drugging them. Once breakfast was finished they all go to the hospital. En route, Eric and Brett are called and advised of the situation. Both want to be there but realize that it would not be a good idea. That would mean too many people around the bed. They insisted of telephone updates and if there was anything they could do etc? let them know.
The first place they go is the CICU and they are met by the nurse in charge. She explains that Mr. Mason had a peaceful night, but the doctor would be out to see them shortly. The way she had said it did not inspire confidence in his condition and Penny and Roy picked up on that right away. When the doctor emerged soon after he looked grim. He told them that Mr. Mason had indeed had a heart attack, but only a mild one. That however was not the main problem, all of his major arteries were clogged and he needed a quadruple bypass immediately. He continued;
“Mr. Mason should be under the knife right now, but the surgeon who was going to do this operation was in a traffic accident on his way to the hospital. He wasn’t too badly injured, but he cannot perform surgery for some time I would think.” I have checked around and we cannot find anyone with the skill and knowledge to do this today. They are all booked solid with their own patients and this is a very delicate procedure that requires a skilled surgeon and ours is no longer available.”
“How urgent a situation are we talking about, Doctor?” asked Cindy. He paused for a minute and then said,
“I’m afraid it is critical he receive this operation today, he is in pretty bad shape right now I’m sorry to say. His heart is struggling to pump the blood through those clogged arteries and it’s getting weaker by the hour. Our heart bypass machines are all in use and one is temporarily out of commission. The technicians are working on it as we speak. Hopefully it will be back in service shortly.”
“What if we could get another doctor to perform the surgery?” asked Penny.
“As I just explained there are none available in the city or in Markton. They are either away at conventions or on holiday. In addition they wouldn’t have hospital privileges and that would leave the hospital open to legal liability.”
“What if we signed waivers and disclaimers, would that satisfy your legal advisors?”
 The doctor stopped and thought for a moment, It might, he said if the circumstances were right?” he said.
“Obviously you have something in mind Mrs. Stark, what is it?”
“I think I may be able to get a replacement cardiologist for you” she said.
“Well that would be fine so long as he has the skill to do this, plus he would also need an anaesthetist and a cardiac surgeon. The ones we had assigned have now been reassigned and are no longer available.”
This dampened all their hopes. They had realized that Penny was going to ask Tom, even if it was the day before his wedding, but getting the other doctors too would be impossible. Penny was determined all the same, this was her dad.
With that she went outside and called Tom. 
“Tom its Penny, this is literally a life and death call and I need you?”
“What is wrong Penny?”
“It’s Dad, he had a heart attack last night and his arteries are clogged.” “He was scheduled for surgery this morning but the surgeon was in a car accident and cannot do it.” “They were going to do a quadruple bypass, and the doctor said it was imperative that it be done today.” “They said the arteries are so blocked that his heart is struggling to pump blood through them and this is weakening it.”
“Where are you now?” Penny. “I’m outside the hospital.”
“Go back inside and I’ll call you in a few minutes.”
“We can’t use cell phones in the hospital.”
“Screw that” said, Tom, “just go back inside and tell that doctor I shall be calling him pronto OK”
“Alright said Penny I’m going inside now Bye.”
Penny went back inside the hospital and told the others what Tom had said. She also told the doctor that he would be calling back and could he stick around for a few minutes. He said he wouldn’t be far away and the nurses could get him quickly if they needed to. Just then a technician comes up to him and explains that he has replaced the defective part of the heart bypass machine and it is good to go when needed. Dr. Curran thanks him and then goes on his way. Ten minutes or so later Penny’s phone rings, its Tom.
“Hi Penny, I think we may be able to help you out here, put that doctor on please.”
Penny hands the phone to the doctor and lets Tom speak to him. There are several pauses in the conversation as it would appear that other doctors are also involved. At the end of the conversation the doctor says. Yes Sir it will be an honor to have you here sir!” “We shall have everything set up and ready for you when you arrive.”
“He then put the phone down and turned to Penny.” Well I knew celebrity had its privileges Mrs. Stark, but I never dreamt you could pull this miracle out of the hat.”
“Well Tom Forest is my ex” she explained.” “Yes I knew that, but how about Professor Isaacs and Professor Edwards?”
“I don’t know them” said Penny.
“Well Tom does” said Dr. Curran.”
“These men are the top men in the U.S. in their field; one is from Johns Hopkins in Baltimore and the other from Harvard med. school. I have no idea how he got hold of them so fast, but they must have been in town for some reason. Anyway they will be here shortly and they will perform this operation.” The only thing they need is the anaesthetist and I’m sure we can come up with that from our own staff.”
Mrs. Mason and the girls now cried with relief. Mr. Mason’s chances of survival had jumped up significantly now. They never saw Tom and his friends arrive. They drove in to the emergency entrance, handed the car keys to a security guard and went and scrubbed in on the spot. The anaesthetist had Mr. Mason on the table ready and stabilized when Tom and his team came in. 
“OK boys and girls, let’s begin shall we” said Prof. Edwards and the lengthy operation was now underway.
Dr. Curran had advised the family that the team had arrived and were in fact now operating. He suggested that the family might do well to go and eat in the cafeteria as this was likely to be a lengthy procedure. He comforted them by pointing out that these guys are the best there is for this operation. Mr. Mason simply couldn’t be in better hands.
It was now 5:00pm and Brett and Eric had joined the group. 
“Is there any news yet” asked Brett when he arrived.
“Dr. Curran came by about an hour ago and said everything was going well said Penny.” Just then the swing doors opened and three weary men walked out sweat pouring off them. Tom was the one who introduced his colleagues to the family.
“The operation was not without its complications he said. Mr. Mason’s condition was far worse than imagined.” “Thanks to my colleagues here he will survive and in fact thrive now because of their skills.” “I know of nobody else in the country that could have done this.” “He then turned to them and said “Thanks guys, I owe you.” Prof. Edwards then addresses the group.
As Tom has explained, it was more complicated than we anticipated. However, the prognosis is excellent. He will remain hospitalized for some time in the cardiac unit, but he will make a full recovery.
Tom chipped in at this point, 
“He’ll be able to walk you down the aisle Pauline, Trust me.”
Pauline launched herself at Tom and threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. 
“Thanks Tom, thanks to all of you” she said.
Prof. Edwards just smiled, “glad to be of service ma’am” he replied. Then he continued.
Mr. Mason will be in pain for some time, but he will be given tablets for that. Needless to say he will need to rest and have no strenuous activity for a while.
“Dr. Curran’s team will take over from here and Mr. Mason will be in very good hands with them looking after him.” “You can visit at any time, but no more than two at a time please as it tends to get crowded.” 
“Jacob, do you have anything to add” he asked. 
“No Clive, I think you and Tom have covered everything.” “I just want to get back to my hotel and try and get some sleep.” “Last night was bad enough, but then this on top of it, it wears a guy out.” That was your own fault Jacob said Prof. Edwards, Tom and I take no responsibility for those antics.” Anyway folks; as Professor. Isaacs has pointed out we need to be fresh in the morning for Tom’s wedding, so please excuse us.” “Dr. Curran can answer any further questions should you have any.”
Penny walked over to Tom sobbing and thanked him for everything.
“No problem Penny” he said, “it was my pleasure.” “He then looked across at Brett, “look after her Brett; she’s one of a kind” and he walked forward and shook his hand.
“I will certainly do that Tom” he said “count on it.”
Mr. Mason was wheeled back into the CCU still heavily sedated. The nurse said he would be out for about another thirty or so she thought. She was right, about thirty five minutes later he regained consciousness. He was groggy, but he smiled when he saw them all. The conversations were cut short as he needed to rest and the nurse suggested that they return in the morning and let him get a good night’s sleep. They all kiss him good bye and then return home.
***
They are very much relieved now that dad is going to be fine, thanks in large part to Roy and his prompt action. The thought of him not being able to see Pauline get married was something none of them wanted to contemplate. Nobody fancied cooking a meal and they were not fit to be seen in public so they ordered in. This seemed to be the best solution under the circumstances. The mood had lightened up considerably now. The threat of death was no longer there. Tom and his friends had fixed dad up good and now they could relax. Tom actually called Penny on her cell phone in the middle of dinner to arrange for her and Brett to take Bradley after the reception tomorrow night. 
“Tom, one of us will be there at 10:00pm to pick up Bradley.” “We will come and find you.” “Thank all of your friends from all of us Tom and thank you most of all,” said Penny. “You have no idea how much we appreciate what you have done for us.” “We were happy to do it Penny; in fact Clive is the only man I know who could have done what he did.” “Can I make a donation to his hospital or buy him some machine that he needs?” she asked. “That was not the reason he did this Penny.” “He, like you, is a kind hearted and compassionate man.” “I never used to be as well you know, but I’ve learned a few things lately, Penny.” “Today I like to think I’ve changed into a decent human being.” 
“Trust me Tom there is no doubt in our minds about that and we love you because of it.” “You saved all our lives today.” 
“Like I said that was my pleasure.” “If you were really serious about making a donation, Penny, have a word with Dr. Curran.” “Based on what we saw today he could use one or two items.” “The hospital is tight for cash and it does need a few things. Anything you could do would be appreciated.”
“I was dead serious Tom and I‘ll phone him in the morning to see what I can do.”
Tom then said with genuine humility,
“You see Penny, I can only save one person at a time, you can save many with your gifts. Goodnight kiddo see you tomorrow at ten.”
With that Penny hung up the phone. She was determined now to pay a visit to the hospital in the morning to see what she could do. She couldn’t care less if it appeared to be self-serving. Tom had made her aware of a need and she was going to do her part in fixing it.
“Is everything OK honey asked Brett”
“Yes said Penny it’s just something that Tom said.”
“Did he upset you?”
“No, no nothing like that, just the opposite.”
“He really is a changed man and one I can now respect.”
“Marilyn is a lucky girl” 
“Almost as lucky as me she said in an abstract fashion.”
“I have the best husband in the world.” “But hers is pretty good too these days.”
“I wish them both the very best of everything.”
“Amen to that” said Pauline.
Chapter Twenty One
***
The big day had finally arrived for Tom and Marilyn. They were getting married in the same Markton church as Penny and Brett as would Pauline in a few months. The church had a large number of people in it, but it was not standing room only as it had been for Penny’s wedding. Dr. Phillips was playing the organ and Tom and his best man were stood at the front of the church awaiting Marilyn’s arrival. Felicity now walks in and begins to throw rose petals down the aisle in front of her. She is then followed by the three bridesmaids who were dressed in lilac gowns. Suddenly the organ pitch changed and the Wedding March resounded throughout the church. Marilyn gracefully glided down the aisle like a princess on the arm of her brother, and she looked every bit of one too. She looked absolutely gorgeous in that gown. Tom was simply speechless, his breath completely taken away by her beauty and elegance. It was obvious to all what he thought of his bride as she was walking towards him. It just radiated from his face and Marilyn was delighted by it. All her anxieties had vanished now, she was about to become Mrs. Marilyn Forest.
The ceremony went off without a hitch and the photographer took all the customary pictures both at the church and later during the reception. The speeches were funny in parts and had everyone laughing, but they were serious in others. All of them however thought that Tom and Marilyn were ideally suited to one another. At ten o’clock sharp Brett and Penny arrived at the golf club to collect Bradley. Marilyn and Tom brought Bradley out together. Penny told Marilyn that she truly did look beautiful and once again wished them both the very best of everything. 
“Have a great honeymoon” she said to Tom and winked. Marilyn said;
“Do you know where we are going?”
“Well I needed to know in case of an emergency, so Tom had to tell me really.”
“I don’t suppose you could let me in on that could you?”
“Sorry Marilyn, but I promised Tom I wouldn’t tell anyone and I haven’t.” “I think you’ll enjoy it though, that much I can say.” Tom then said,
“Thanks again for doing this Penny, we really do appreciate it.”
“It’s not a problem, Tom; we are delighted to do it, especially after what you did for us.” Go away and enjoy yourselves, Bradley is in good hands and he and Simon will no doubt have a great time.”
“Perhaps not quite as good as yours” said Brett with a huge grin on his face. “Well that’s the whole idea” said Tom, and they all laughed.
The following day Tom and Marilyn flew off to Kenya. They flew to London first and then on to Nairobi. From there they took a side trip to Mombasa for a couple of days. They were staying at a beach hotel on the Indian Ocean on Nyali Beach called the Bahani Beach Hotel. The beach itself was gorgeous with silver sands and the hotel was adorned with all kinds of tropical flowers and set in magnificent gardens. The rooms were all air conditioned and modern complete with en-suite bathrooms. In the evenings, a more romantic setting would be hard to find. A long stroll on the sand and the fragrance of the flowers mingled in with the smell of the ocean and the moon glistening off the water is hard to beat. Marilyn was just blown away by it all. She thought that this was going to be it – and she would have been more than delighted with it if it had been, but more was in store for her. During the day they visited the town of Mombasa and saw the famous Tusks of Mombasa that span the road. There are four of them that make the shape of an M across the road from the docks to the town center. They are quite impressive too. Marilyn was quite taken with them as she wandered around shopping for little things and souvenirs to take back home. The locals do magnificent carvings out of hardwood, and the craftsmanship is truly impressive. Both Tom and Marilyn were amazed at what they could do. Being a surgeon, Tom could very well appreciate the dexterity involved in making those carvings.
Tom had rented a car and they managed to drive around and get the flavor of the countryside and see how the Masai tribes had lived in the past. The countryside had changed a little now. The once thriving farmlands were no longer flourishing. The political landscape had changed from the old days. Once they left the large urban areas they could see the poverty around them. It was sad to see, but there was little they could do to change it. 
They then drove south to Tanzania to go on safari. Marilyn was now over the moon. This was so unexpected and she was totally delighted. They were going to go to the world famous Serengeti National Park. This would be an experience she would remember for the rest of her life. It was April now and the wildebeest herds would be migrating in large numbers. This would no doubt be a sight to see. The safari took them through the park and they saw a large number of animals, Elephants, Lions, Leopards, Zebra, Antelope, Rhinoceros, Wildebeest and many more too numerous to mention. Marilyn was taking pictures the whole time she was there. She was completely overawed by the whole experience. This was a magnificent honeymoon one she could never have imagined, even in her wildest dreams. Tom was absolutely over the moon that she was enjoying it so much. Her reaction to it all made it all worthwhile for him. It had been a hectic trip and a lot had been crammed into those two weeks, but it had been worth it. Marilyn had never been given much in her life and she really did appreciate things. The very fact that he could give her this was a reward in itself for Tom. Seeing the wonder on her face was more than enough for him. It was absolutely priceless as far as Tom was concerned to see her enjoying it so much and being overawed by the beauty of it all. He was overjoyed knowing just how happy Marilyn was in seeing all of this first hand. Then again those moonlight strolls on Nyali beach were something else too, walking along with Marilyn’s head on his shoulder just looking up at the stars – that was absolutely priceless and something to be savored and remembered forever. He would never forget them or the smell of those flowers at night. Marilyn felt exactly the same way. This had been the most wonderful experience in her life. Her childhood dreams had been fulfilled. It just couldn’t get any better than that. The honeymoon that Tom had surprised her with surpassed all her expectations. To Marilyn it was like living in a fairy tale, a beautiful wedding to a handsome doctor and then this dream vacation. If that isn’t a fairy tale what is she thought to herself? The affection that she showed to Tom was all the thanks he needed. Marilyn loved him and she showed it in many little ways. That was good enough for Tom. The old Tom may not have thought so and had taken things for granted. The new Tom was a much changed animal, one that really could smell the roses now and appreciate things far more. Tom was giving love now not just taking it and Marilyn was the beneficiary of it. They would have a happy life together now and they both deserved it.
Mr. Mason had been discharged from the hospital a week after the incident. He was back to his old self, but still in pain, although the pain killers helped with that aspect. Like most men he was getting on his wife’s nerves again. Always a good sign of recovery one imagines. Mrs. Mason has to police his activities of course because he wanted to do more than he is capable of. This too is another male characteristic; it is similar to not reading assembly instructions and asking for directions when lost. Despite her growls at him she loves him to death and is only looking after his best interests. Mr. Mason is very well aware of it too, but that doesn’t stop him from growling back. Pauline had often had to step in and referee the contest and on occasion shut it down totally before it got out of hand. A chair bound man that is used to being active is generally unhappy about it and not exactly shy about letting others know about his displeasure. Bone idle couch potatoes on the other hand are a completely different breed. They expect to be waited on hand and foot – the sad fact is some women actually do. Few if any of Penny’s acquaintances would fall into that category - well, with the possible exception of Roxanne Grubb. Failure to comply with a request from Wayne to bring him a beer in the middle of a game just might prove to be detrimental to her health. He, unlike the other men that Penny knew, was capable of beating his wife. The other men may shout at their wives from time to time during heated arguments, but they would never resort to violence at any time. However, one in every ten women is abused according to the statistics. That of course raises the question as to what exactly constitutes abuse. Is it Physical, Verbal or Psychological, not that it matters really. There is no need for it and it shouldn’t occur. Mr. Mason’s tirades do not fall into any of the above categories. He is merely registering his displeasure at his current situation and incapacity to do what he normally would. A strategy no doubt used by many defense attorneys in explaining their client’s misbehaviour; an unsuccessful one in most cases one would imagine.  
Penny and Brett have had been entertaining Bradley for two weeks and it had gone by quite quickly. Bradley and Simon played well and generally stayed out of Felicity’s hair. She had her own group of friends to play with and when they came over to play, they never played with the boys. Both sexes were totally disenchanted with the other at their age. Something both sets of parents were grateful for. Penny and Brett had been discussing that very subject only recently and recalling their own high school days. Brett made a comment to the effect that Felicity would be locked away in a room until her wedding day to a church minister or someone of similar merit” said Brett, “I can’t let my daughter be drawn in like that.” “Well we turned out to be alright” said Penny. “Maybe” said Brett, “but it took a while.” “Let’s not worry about that just yet Eh!” said Penny. “There’s plenty of time for that later, I don’t need grey hair just yet.”
Tom and Marilyn phoned to say that they had just arrived home and would call round later to pick up Bradley. Penny said she would drive him over to them seeing as they were busy unpacking. A gesture that was appreciated as both Marilyn and Tom wanted to see Bradley and to give him the presents they had brought back for him. When Penny dropped him off they invited her inside and they chatted briefly. Marilyn showed Penny some of her photographs and said what a terrific time she had there. I told you that you would like it said Penny. Tom thanked Penny once more and Penny then left. They were all on very good terms now.
When Penny left Tom’s house she drove over to visit Kim and see how she was doing. She was in college now studying nursing and apparently doing well there. It was not easy for her and she had to really apply herself, but her marks were very good and Penny was very proud of her and told her so. Kim was studying hard and she did not have a boyfriend to distract her despite her being quite pretty. Her main goal in life now was to become a nurse and prove to Penny and Pat that she really did appreciate what they had done for her. She was completely drug free now, dressed well and her personal hygiene was fine. Penny had paid for her to have her dental treatments and regular cleaning and she had a beautiful smile now and clean white teeth. Kim had come a long way and really looked good now. Outside of Pat and Penny she had nobody to care about her. Brett considered her to be his daughter and was very protective of her and she loved him for it. This was now her family. They had rescued her and given her a new start in life and Kim would never forget it. She was their daughter to all intents and purposes – she just didn’t call them mom and dad, but that was the only thing missing. To the casual observer they were family. Kim had never once taken advantage of Penny and Brett’s generosity. The credit card only had necessities on it and that had impressed both Penny and Brett. They in turn did buy her the odd item here and there. If her college friends were doing something or going somewhere, Penny or Brett would give her the extra spending money so that she could go too. Kim loved both of them to death. This was her Mom and Dad but she just didn’t call them that, because she didn’t want to offend them. They had their own kids and she knew that Brett had lost his children in a traffic accident. They had been so good to her and she didn’t wish to appear intrusive in their lives or take too much for granted. 
Mr. Mason was getting better daily. He was up and walking around now and in his words feeling like a spring lamb. The bypass had given him renewed vigor and energy. He still had to take things easy, but he could see that he was well on the road to recovery and that pleased him. He knew now that he would be able to walk his youngest daughter down the aisle on her wedding day. That was a privilege he was really looking forward to. He had two of his daughters settled and happy, he wanted the same for Pauline. She was marrying a fine man, a man that had saved his life in fact. Roy had taken charge of that situation and he had no doubts about him being able to take care of his daughter now. Here was a man who could act in an emergency and take charge. This was the type of man he wanted for Pauline. He knew very well that Roy loved Pauline, but love was only the beginning. Could he take care of her and stand by her in thick and thin and handle life’s adversities. He knew now that Roy could handle it all. Pauline was in good hands and that made him rest easy now. Roy gave the impression of being easy going and laid back. A go with the flow kind of guy. Well when it hit the fan he was the man to have around, thought George Mason. He was cool and level headed and very practical. He did what he had to do, but he still calmed the women down and gave them reassurance, and that impressed him. He had always like Roy before that incident, now he respected him. The wedding was getting closer and closer now.
Chapter Twenty Two
***
When Penny got home from dropping Bradley off at Tom’s she went into the kitchen and made herself a cup of tea. As she sat there sipping it her mind drifted back to the reunion and her school days. She was still daydreaming when Brett came home from work.
“What are you thinking about?” he asked.
“Oh nothing important Hon” she said. “I was just daydreaming about my childhood, our high school days and the reunion two years ago.”
“I was just looking at my life to date I guess, we have come a long way, Brett, haven’t we?” “After I dropped Bradley off I just came home and made a cup of tea and my mind sort of drifted back.” “I remember playing with my dolls on a swing in the back yard and Cindy running around with her teddy bear.” “Stupid things like that” she said.
“What’s stupid about that” said Brett. “Our lives are a collection of memories Pen. The longer you live the more you will collect. It is those memories and that imagination of yours that enables you to write books. Memories are treasures that we store away and ignore, until something triggers them. Some of them are joyous, others frightening and traumatic. Whichever they are Pen they have made us who we are today. Reflecting on the good memories in our lives is a good thing. Reliving nightmares is when people require therapy.”
“I know” said Penny. “I was just thinking how fortunate I have been in my life.” 
“Well there’s nothing wrong in that honey” said Brett. “Knowing who you are and being grateful for it is a good thing. It allows you to see the plight of those less fortunate and to do something about it where you can. The world is full of self centered people, people who think only of themselves at all times. Other people put even strangers ahead of their own needs. You simply can’t help everyone, but you do your bit Pen. Look at what you did for Kim and Brenda and I’m sure Dr. Curran is delighted for the machines you donated to the hospital. You are fortunate Penny and you have a good life, so do I.  We can do things for others. It is the memories of the past that create the future, Penny.”
“Wow” said Penny, “when did you become a philosopher.”
“When I married you”, said Brett. “You are my muse, kiddo didn’t you know that?”
Roy was now putting the finishing touches to his honeymoon trip. He had solicited advice from all his friends and decided to put this package together himself based on one or two ideas they had given him. He had an idea of what Pauline would like and places she would enjoy seeing, so he compiled an itinerary that would encompass some of them. Pauline would not find out where she was going until she reached the departure lounge of the airport. He would advise her on her wardrobe in terms of swimsuits or heavy jackets and snow boots, but further clues would not be given. In fact he was quite proud of the plan he had formed. He felt sure it would please Pauline. She had filled her mind with all the other details of the wedding, this one was his baby and she needn’t concern herself with it. The fact that she needn’t did not mean that she didn’t. It was driving her nuts that she didn’t know where she was going. All Roy had told her was to pack light summery clothing, it would be quite warm. No amount of pumping would get him to reveal where she was going. The other family members were of no use, he hadn’t told them either. The best man didn’t know, nor any of the groomsmen. Only Roy himself knew and Pauline knew she would get nowhere with him on that subject. She kept tormenting herself now as to where it could be. All she knew was she had to take off three weeks from work for the wedding its preparation and the honeymoon. Warm summery clothing covered a multitude of places in August. She simply gave up in the end and resigned herself to the fact that she would never figure it out. Then she rationalized the situation, I had to do everything else, so he can organize that. Even that didn’t calm her down; she was still agitated that she didn’t know where she was going. Roy was reveling in this. He knew it was driving Pauline crazy. For once he was in the driving seat and he was not going to relinquish it.
The wedding was only one week away now and just about everything was finalized and ready to go. George Mason was now in fine form and eager to walk Pauline down the aisle. Olivia Mason had gone to a friend of hers for her outfit and it turned out wonderfully. Cindy, Penny and of course Pauline were outfitted by Jenny. Nobody really cared where Roy rented his tux. That was on nobody’s radar at all. This was all about the bride, a cardboard silhouette of a groom would suffice except that it had to say “I do” and repeat a few lines here and there. Other than that his presence was superfluous, he was merely an accessory. Well perhaps that’s a little harsh; he does have to produce a diamond studded gold band. I guess that makes his presence essential after all. Upon reflection I think Pauline would prefer Roy to be there in person, ring or no ring, those magic words “I do” were the only thing that mattered, then she could relax finally. This had been a stressful time for her juggling all those balls in the air at once. It was almost over now and everything was set, or was it, what little thing had she overlooked, there was always something she thought. In her case there wasn’t. Between Cindy and Penny everything had been covered.
The hen party two days before the wedding was a blast. It was held in Penny’s basement and snack food had been prepared by Bruce’s restaurant. Brett provided the drinks but they were dispensed by a barman of sorts. This barman performed other duties later on in the evening once the ladies had sufficient fortification to withstand his act. Yes, he was a professional stripper as well as a barman and a very good one at that according to the ladies that were present that evening. Exactly what that act contained was never fully disclosed by any of the women present. That was a very closely guarded secret. The only information that Brett was able to determine was that the gentleman had been favorably endowed by God and the term donkey appeared in there somewhere. He smiled to himself at that – what could they possibly mean he thought smiling – he didn’t look like an ass to me?
What else took place nobody was saying? The gentleman’s business card was quickly snatched up by all attendees. If there were any more such functions on the horizon he was going to be in great demand. One or two of Pauline’s friends suggesting that private sessions were not exactly out of the question either – whatever that meant?
It was now the big day. At last it had arrived. The Mason household was a hot bed of activity that morning. All four women had been to the hairdressers and for once they were all satisfied with the result; that in itself was no mean feat. The jewellery had been laid out together with the appropriate accessories. Make up was the next issue. A girl had been brought in for this, a local cosmetician from a downtown department store in fact. She was of course an expert and the final results certainly demonstrated that fact. All four women looked fabulous. They were all pretty to start with; the finished product this time was spectacular. Pauline was truly beautiful and Cinderella herself would have been jealous of Pauline today.
Manicures done, hair done and make up done. All they had to do now was get dressed. George walked in and asked if anyone would like a cup tea. He was advised in no uncertain manner that now was not the time to be ingesting liquids. He retreated smartly. The women were now in the process of getting their dresses on and George himself went upstairs to get ready, keeping well out of Olivia’s way in so doing. He was asked to fasten the clasp of her pearl necklace, but that was it. Then came the ring of the doorbell. The Rolls Royce limousines had arrived. The room temperature went through the roof immediately. Do I look alright; is this ok, how about that etc? George was there telling them all how fabulous they looked and trying to keep the nervous tension to within manageable proportions. 
The ride to the church was very short and when they arrived the church was full. Dr. Phillips was in good form as usual and the congregation was being well entertained and had been for some time. There was a majesty all of its own in that organ. It had been refurbished to its original condition sure enough, but its sound and the chapel acoustics gave it a richness that was unique. Dr. Phillips had the ability to bring this out to the fullest and when those major stops were pulled out, as they were now, the sound was magnificent and truly glorious.
Felicity now walked down the aisle first in her customary role of flower girl. Once again she did an excellent job of strewing rose petals down the aisle. She wore a ribbon in her hair that matched her dress and her dress was the same color as Cindy’s and Penny’s. She really looked lovely and very poised for such a young girl.
Roy and his best man were waiting at the front and the groomsmen were now sitting at the back having ushered everyone to their seats. The best man now says to Roy,
“There’s still time to back out you know?”
“Nah said Roy, “I think I’ll risk it.”
The best man then said,
“Yeah I’m sure you would, she’s absolutely gorgeous Roy, but if you’d rather change places just let me know.” “I’d have no problem with that.”
“That’s good to know” said Roy. “Now I know who to keep my eye on.”
Cindy now came down the aisle followed by Penny and they took their places at the front. Then George Mason escorted a radiant Pauline down the aisle. The best man said it best. He simply exclaimed Wow! Roy couldn’t say anything he was dumbstruck. Pauline was a living vision of grace and beauty as she elegantly glided down the aisle on her father’s arm. It was as if she was floating down the aisle on a cushion of air, her feet seemingly not touching the ground. Having seen the look on Roy’s face that is exactly how she felt. The very fact that George was there at all was a miracle in itself. He now handed Pauline to Roy and went and sat beside Olivia in the front row. The ceremony then proceeded followed by the signing of the register. The reception then followed. 
Pauline still had no idea where she was going on her honeymoon. All she knew was that she was flying out in the morning. That night would be spent in Roy’s apartment. When they returned that is where they would be living until they found something a little larger. When they returned they could start looking. Right now it was party time and the dancing had begun.
The next morning a limousine whisked them off to the airport. They were flying to Orlando Florida. The adventure had started and Pauline was all excited, she was just like a kid. Seeing Pauline so happy was the icing on the cake as far as Roy was concerned. When they arrive at check in that’s when Pauline found out their destination. Roy broke down then and told her they were booked in at the Dolphin Hotel in Disney World. He did not mention for how long they were staying. It was when they arrived at the hotel’s front desk that she learned they were only there for six days.
“Are we going somewhere else Pauline enquired?’
“Wait and see gorgeous” was the reply she received.
For the next six days it was a whirlwind of activity. Disney world is a huge place and the Magic Kingdom and Epcot can certainly take up your time on their own. There is so much to do and to see. Pauline had never been before and was totally enthralled by it all. She just loved all the rides and the exhibits. Then of course there was Sea World and the film studios to visit and the night clubs in the evening. Roy had rented a car while they were there and on the last day they set off for Miami leaving early in the morning. Pauline still not knowing what lay in store for her. It was a Caribbean Cruise on a huge ship. She couldn’t believe it. She had never seen a ship this big before, it seemed massive. They had their luggage taken aboard for them; it was waiting for them in their cabin when they arrive there later. They strolled around the ship first to get acquainted with it and to find out where everything was. They had chosen second sitting for meals which gave them a little extra lie in before breakfast. They were due to call into Jamaica, Grand Cayman Haiti and Mexico and a few other islands. To Pauline this was a dream come true. She had always wanted to see the Caribbean Islands, this was her chance and aboard a floating palace too.
The food on that ship was out of this world and the shows at night were of Las Vegas caliber. They had casinos, duty free shopping, night clubs, mini golf and a host of other activities to participate in if you were not interested in one of the numerous swimming pools on board. It was like a miniature city, it catered to just about everyone in some measure. Once the ship docked at the various ports of call there were excursions available to see the local sights, go snorkeling or scuba diving, parasailing or shopping. At one of the stops they did in fact go snorkeling. The water was crystal clear and the fish were just gorgeous thought Pauline. They were multi colored and in various sizes and beautiful to see up close. Pauline just loved that as she had never done anything like that before. That cruise was simply fantastic she thought. There was no shortage of things to do. Pauline had a wonderful time she said, it was over far too quickly. She had been taking photos of everything and had a comprehensive collection when she returned home. These would be shared with her family on their next get together.
Now that they were back home they had to now send out thank you cards to all the people that had given them wedding gifts. As she is going through them all she notices that there is nothing from Penny and Brett or Cindy and Eric. She thought that was funny but said nothing. Perhaps Penny and Cindy would be bringing it to the family gathering at the weekend. When Pauline and Roy arrive the family is sitting around the kitchen table looking at brochures of Brett’s new building project. It was completed now and only the show house remained. This was an upscale project and the homes were beautifully finished and landscaped. 
“What are you all looking at?” asked Pauline.
“It’s the brochure from Brett’s new site, what do you think of it?” asked Cindy.
“Oh my said Pauline that looks gorgeous.” Is that the show house?”
“It was” said Brett.
“Oh have you sold it now”
“Well let’s say it is no longer on the market.”
“Oh by the way we have brought your wedding present over with us.” “You may have noticed it wasn’t with the others.”  
“It’s out there on the hall stand Cindy if you wouldn’t mind bringing it in for me, said Penny.”
Cindy then brings in this little package, little more than the size of a pill box but it’s beautifully wrapped. Pauline looks at it and wonders what is going on here.
“This is from the four of us” said Cindy. Pauline is really puzzled now. She rips off the packaging and open the box inside to find two sets of keys. Brett and Eric are now holding the brochure between them and pretending to be fighting over it. Penny and Cindy now go on either side of Pauline and Roy and say.
“Here’s your wedding present.” “That’s your new home; it’s your wedding gift from the four of us. Roy was speechless and Pauline burst into tears. There were tears in Roy’s eyes now and he was totally dumb, he was so overcome with emotion he simply could not speak. Brett and Eric went over to him and slapped him on the back and said “Welcome to the family, Roy.” “We are proud to have you in the fold.”
When he did finally regain his composure he thanked them all for this more than generous gift. I never expected anything like this he said. I could never afford a home like that.” “Oh I expect you would in time Roy.” “You are a good man and a hard worker.” “We just took it upon ourselves to accelerate the process a little.”
“Believe me when I tell you that Eric and I are delighted to be able to do it for you and Pauline.” Penny then spoke up and said, “I had nothing to do with this Roy.” “I had no idea what they were planning.” “I knew they were both up to something, but this surprised me.” “As Brett said, we certainly do welcome you to the family.”
“Oh, and thank you for finally making an honest woman out of our baby sister, we certainly do appreciate that.”
“Well thank you very much for that” said Pauline. “You sure know how to boost a girl’s ego.” 
“At your age it’s not just your ego that needs boosting” quipped Cindy. They all burst out laughing now. 
“Hey Guys ease up OK” said Brett. “Pauline is the baby of the family; she’s not old enough to appreciate jokes like that.” “She’s fresh back from her honeymoon; life is only just starting for her.”
“If I wasn’t the lady that daddy brought me up to be, I’d have a few choice comments to make to you guys right now”, said Pauline. “Consider yourselves lucky.”
“She has a point” said Eric, “I’ve heard her when she loses it – she could make a sailor pale, you’d better not rile her Roy.”
The whole room now erupted.
Pauline herself was laughing at that one along with everyone else. 
Roy then offers a few words of his own.
“I knew from the very beginning that this was a loving and close knit family.”
“Over the years I have grown close to you all.” Pauline swept me off my feet just by being who she is.” “You guys did the same in your own distinctive ways.  I knew that you would welcome me into the fold, that’s just who you are. To do just what you have done blows me away and I am humbled beyond measure. To be accepted and welcomed in such a fashion goes beyond my wildest dreams. I can never thank you enough for that.”
“You already have” said Penny, “you married Pauline. It was a family embarrassment having her still single.”
“Well the bribe worked didn’t  it?” said Cindy. 
“The house was just sitting there idle anyway” said Brett.
“Something just had to be done” said Eric.
“Roy then went over to Pauline and wrapped his arms around her. Take no notice of these clowns, they love you to death the same as I do, they’re just teasing you.”
“I know that” said Pauline. “I just don’t know how to thank them” and she broke down in tears again. Penny and Cindy jumped up at once and went over to their sister. There would be no more teasing that night. She had been totally overwhelmed by what they had done for her and Roy. They all knew that Pauline wasn’t upset with them, but she was fragile right now. They would have been too if someone had done that for them when they first got married. Penny and Cindy just hugged her and now they too were in tears. 
“Roy lets go grab a beer in the other room” suggested Brett.
“Damn good idea” said Eric and the three men quietly left the room leaving the three women alone.
***
It was “Thanksgiving” now and Penny had invited her sisters and her parents to her house to celebrate it. Kim had been invited to share in this as well. The pumpkins had all been carved and laid outside complete with candles. All that they required was for someone to light them now. The turkey had been thawed out and was now oven ready and the dining room was all set out. As Penny looked around wondering what she had forgotten, if anything, she began to look back over the past three years events. She realized then just how much she had to be thankful for. That evening the family would enjoy a magnificent feast – others in town would barely have enough to get by. She had a loving family to share it all with – some would spend it all alone. As a young woman she had travelled the globe and seen and done many different things. However, her thoughts were never far from home regardless of where she was. She had made her fame and fortune elsewhere, but home was home and the magnetic pull was always there. When she had been asked to be the keynote speaker at her reunion she had said yes instinctively. She had not considered the potential risk that might entail; in fact it simply didn’t cross her mind until later. The thought of getting reunited with her high school friends was too compelling to ignore. Her marriage was unfulfilling and falling apart slowly, all her acquaintances were artificial and insincere using her celebrity for their own purposes. Penny was longing for the times long ago when she had been happy and content and that place was home. She recalled the day she arrived back in town and the day she first met Brett. The meetings with all her friends and the joys and sorrows that they had all shared since were crystal clear in her mind. Yes, Penny Mason Stark was a very lucky lady indeed.
The family arrived later in the afternoon and the smell of the dinner wafted throughout the house. It really made the atmosphere that much more festive. Everyone was now standing around chatting and having a welcome drink and the sense of family was embracing them all. Brett had taken Kim under his wing and she felt like she was now a part of this family group. She had no one of her own and this was, in effect, her family now. They had virtually adopted Kim and she loved them for it – more than they would ever know. Kim like Penny had been looking back on her life and knew only too well what fate could have befallen her had she not been rescued by Penny and Brett. These two wonderful people had saved her life and she held them close in her heart now as they in turn did with her. 
They all sat down for dinner and Brett had already carved the turkey so it was now basically help yourself time. Brett then said Grace. He recounted the events of the past year and everything they needed to be thankful for and it was a long list. Then the platters were handed round and everyone filled their plates. After they had finished dinner the plates were cleared away, the dishwasher loaded and the kitchen tidied up. The children had all gone into the family room now to watch a movie. Cindy then called them all outside to see the harvest moon. It had just risen over the horizon and it was huge and it looked so beautiful. It felt so close you almost felt like you could touch it. The night itself was warm with a soft gentle breeze. Brett now put his arm around Penny and Kim and drew them close to him as he gazed at the moon. As he looked at the others he noticed that Eric, Roy and even George had their arms around their wives too. There was just something about that scene that made everyone realize just how fortunate they were. The moon was rising a little higher now and its light was now reflecting on the miniature lake at the bottom of their property. It was just shimmering slightly and the moon’s reflection danced across it like a magic carpet. Brett drew both Kim and Penny even closer to him and said,
“I sure do have a lot to be thankful for” and he kissed both of them. Kim now had tears in her eyes and said – “thanks Dad I love you too.” Penny immediately looked at Brett knowing full well what that statement from Kim would do to him. She was right; he had a lump in his throat and tears in his eyes. He was so overcome he just with emotion couldn’t speak, so he just hugged her that little bit harder and kissed her forehead. Kim felt the tears on her forehead and she hugged Brett back just as hard and then she reached up and kissed him on the cheek. Nothing else needed to be said, the love they shared was obvious.
Yes, thought Penny I’m home now at last. This is where I belong. I am so glad I accepted the invitation three years ago to attend that reunion. My homecoming was such a blessing; I have so much to be grateful for. With that on her mind she turned to Brett and kissed him and Kim and now Penny also had tears in her eyes. That harvest moon was shining down on all of them tonight and bathing them all in its warmth. 

The End

About the Author

The Author took up writing as a hobby upon retirement and writes simply for enjoyment. He lives in Southern Ontario, Canada with his wife and is a grandfather of seven. He was born and educated in England and the language and terminology he uses reflects that (so his wife tells him). At one point in his life he worked in a British prison that housed both Men and Women and some tales he writes, although totally fictitious, may have been inspired by things he had seen or heard at that time. This story is a departure from the usual military or crime related tales the writer produces and your feedback would be appreciated - Good and Bad. That way I can improve (hopefully).
Thank you for reading this book. My other books are listed on Smashwords also.

I may be contacted by e-mail at  mac21books@gmail.com. 
