Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Nightmare Of The Dark Shadows

L.A.A. Law
Smashwords Edition
©2014 by L.A.A. Law

Discover other titles by L.A.A. Law at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/loricurious123
https://smashwords.com/b/338958
https://smashwords.com/b/359899

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be scanned uploaded or distributed via the Internet or any other means, electronic or print without the publisher’s permission.
If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other wonderful stories. Thank you for your support.
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictionally and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events or organizations is entirely coincidental.



Inside Cover - Synopsis
After Reginald’s return with strong friends thwarts demonic attempts to lay claim to Mia and Andrew’s twins at their birth, Mia and Andrew enjoy more than ten years of peace and tranquility raising their family. Sanctuary transforms from a mere hospital protecting a few to a budding community of supernatural friends with new homes and even a school which allows the children to dissect not only real world problems, but delve into the surreal that surrounds them.
Making extraordinary strides in research, Mia’s father saves the life of a British dignitary’s son who invites them all to attend a ceremony in his honor. The timing could not be more perfect. Lucas’ friend is seeking help in setting up an English hospital wing which he is to head. After attending her father’s ceremony, Mia and Andrew plan on joining Lucas and Catherine for a few weeks to assist Jamison.
While there, an ancient enemy rises and casts Mia, Andrew, and the St. Cloud family into a deadly game of cat and mouse in a desperate attempt to save the children. As Nicholas, Kayla, Jacob, and Nicole fight to survive amongst those that Mia and Andrew always hoped to shield them from, untapped powers emerge, strength unfolds, unexpected friendships form, and new enemies materialize. 
Fighting this new threat unearths Eva’s secret sacrifice causing Mia to choose a path she knows will end her life at Sanctuary, tearing her from Andrew and her children, and finally giving the awaiting arms of darkness the opportunity to claim the very soul it hungers to consume.



Table Of Contents
Chapter One - Prologue
Chapter Two- England
Chapter Three - The Search Commences
Chapter Four - A New Terror Emerges
Chapter Five - In The Hands Of Wolves
Chapter Six - Incapacitated And Alone In Enemy Territory
Chapter Seven - A Fight To Rescue The Captives
Chapter Eight - Heading Home
Chapter Nine - Facing The Werewolf Challenge
Chapter Ten - A Deadly Night
Chapter Eleven - An Old Secret Revealed, A Sacrifice Uncovered, And An End Of A Life
Chapter Twelve - Epilogue
A Note To The Reader
Synopsis Of Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Dark Encounter



Chapter One - Prologue

Gliding the knife over the twins’ birthday cake, I can’t believe that it has been fourteen years since I first crossed the gates of Sanctuary and entered into the world of the surreal. It’s strange to realize that it took my being cast into the realm of dead to bring me to life and allow my family, or at least what remains of my family, to come together. Stephan and I forged a friendship free from the animosity and judgment which riddled my former “normal” existence. He and Marie are partners in the family clinic and improved the practice by adding a built in day care facility when their newest addition arrived. 
 My father’s research transformed him. Not only is he and his team almost ready to seek approval for their artificial heart, but his strides in heart transplant surgery on very difficult cases is leading our family to England after Nicolas and Kayla’s birthday to witness his receiving a special commendation from a high dignitary whose son’s life he saved.
 New patients and new blood fill the halls of Sanctuary.
In the sixth month of my pregnancy, Reginald returned for a short stay. Although I had not gotten in touch with him, he heard rumors that Andrew and I were expecting. He knew that such a pregnancy would take an extraordinary toll upon me and had some spells that would help. However, this was not his only reason for returning. He came bearing a warning that our children were the dark real’s prime targets because as our children they would not only inherit Andrew’s celestial powers to advance life and death but also my powerful abilities making them a formidable force against the darkness.
 Reginald learned of my pregnancy from a vampire more ancient than even himself who had ties to both the dark and light realm. He equated him to a bounty hunter, someone who would work for either side as long as the adventure could relieve his boredom. Living so many lifetimes, money was no longer important, nor was it the prize. The prize was adventure, adrenaline, and a feeling of excitement that he could get from participating in something quite out of the ordinary and our children were just that. Reginald came across him in his travels. Edwin claimed to possess vital information if Reginald could offer him something more satiable that would not involve claiming very valuable twins.
 He returned to Sanctuary immediately to warn us. Shuddering, I still hear the warning ringing in my ears, “If the dark side grabs hold of the twins and turns them, they will have power on this plane beyond that of any witch, vampire, angel, or demon. Your children offer unique abilities, they are beyond part witch and part vampire. Their souls, powers, and ability to tip the scale are stronger than both you and Andrew. If they are captured and trained to embrace the dark arts, their power will transcend supernatural boundaries. Not only can they kill other witches, directly interfere with the lives or death of individuals and utilize all of their powers on this plane, but I fear something even worse could ripple through everyone’s future.”
 Although he would not elaborate stating that the full picture cannot always be revealed, we always suspected, as with our shared visions that he knew something more. Despite this, I was very grateful that he stayed on with some very powerful friends who ensured that Sanctuary was not only protected, but the children were born while all threatening demons were kept at bay. Although the shadows and creatures like those we encountered on the night the St. Clouds were finally free pervaded the woods and night sky as Nicole and Jacob were born, our friends ensured the darkness never penetrated the shield of light surrounding Sanctuary and that the our children were brought into this world without surreal interference. 
Before leaving, Reginald ensured that we had some permanent new residents on the premises that could assist me in learning how to best utilize my powers and could ensure that the twins would be protected.
 My mind drifts from the time after the children were born when we moved the restricted building to the administration building and converted the unit to a school to when the St. Clouds built family unit residences for the families of children with special powers. As our numbers grew, our community turned into a place where witches could study not only their necessary scholastics but could also learn to control their gifts and enrich their abilities.
 Jason and Rachel soon returned with some friends from Italy who played a vital role in developing the school where witches and vampires quickly learned to lead valuable existences.
 Although we wanted to give the children as normal a life as possible, free of their utilizing any powers until they had grown as individuals, we learned early on that this would not be possible and that it was extremely important that we had individuals on the premises that knew the white arts. Their assistance in this matter was a necessity for Nicole and Jacob who even during their infancy possessed not only witch and wizardry powers, but also the powers to advance healing and death. Since I was new to this realm, had not yet had the chance to fully understand my own abilities, and was unable to have Reginald teach me during my pregnancy, I was grateful to be surrounded by trustworthy witches. Andrew got together with Emma, Reginald, Rachel, and Jason so that we could develop an early program to ensure that all bases were covered in controlling their unintended use of powers during their infancy.
 Although their very strong and bright auras were of no surprise, their early unintended use of angelic and wizardry powers before they could even speak was a shock. I can’t help but smiles as I remember seeing Nicole’s rattle fly across the room when she was just weeks old or hearing Jacob’s musical mobile mysteriously go on in the middle of the evening. 
 Their angelic powers revealed themselves early on as well. They inherited both the power to advance healing and death. Andrew witnessed Nicole’s ability to heal when she inadvertently touched a rabbit which he was picking up because it had been attacked and lay dying on one of the trails. Jacob’s power to advance death was witnessed by the entire family one afternoon in the courtyard when a snapping turtle bit his finger. Holding it, a red glow emanated from his hands and the turtle expired immediately. Although we were sure that it was not his intention since he was only a few months old and couldn’t form such a desire, his being upset and in pain revealed that this ability was present and the children needed to be carefully monitored.
 Nicholas and Kayla quickly picked up on their cousins’ abilities and developed their own. With four children who hadn’t learned how to speak but possessed exceptional abilities to make their desires fly across the room, life around Sanctuary became very interesting.
 As time went by, all of the children seemed to adopt John as their resident grandfather, Stephanie and Teri as water playmates and William as the resident art teacher which suited him, especially when they would dip their tiny fingers in his pallet of paint and turn their little drips into wonderful animals or beautifully colorful pictures which made them smile.
 Andrew’s siblings’ quick hands were extremely helpful when the children would cause things to float across a room filled with patients on the holidays or when we were in the courtyard. Although Andrew and I are their parents, Nicholas, Kayla, Nicole and Jacob filled a void for the entire St. Cloud family who were deprived of children because of their circumstances. Since their birth, the children were surrounded by love and devotion with each member of the St. Cloud family and our adopted friends bringing an enriching and interesting facet into their lives. 
 Thankfully, the school allows the children to interact with others of their own age and associate with families and peers who do not consider them strange or freaks of nature because they possess abilities which are well beyond anything in the normal world. Although the school allows the children to utilize some basic powers, the families here believe in the importance of raising the children as individuals first with very limited use of powers to secure their desires. In this way, we hope they will embrace goodness and light as opposed to immediate gratification, which could lead to darker days. The children are very receptive to this type of arrangement. Although they know that they are special, they also know that there are limits in this world and consequences with far reaching repercussions. I shake my head and a shiver still runs through me as I remember how they learned this lesson. Two children were arguing near the lake and one of them, with a mere flick of her wrist caused a young boy to be thrown and suspended over the water before plunging down into the deep end of the lake. Unable to swim, he panicked and forgot to utilize his powers to keep him from going under. Fortunately, a teacher saved his life, but all of the children learned that their powers could result in unintended consequences.
 Suddenly, my surroundings change, my cozy kitchen turns into a hallowed hall, cold and desolate, waves of fear crash over me. I can’t breathe! Before I can even discern where I am or what is causing my heart to be wrenched from my body, a set of cool hands wrap themselves around my waist pulling me to the present. Andrew’s beautifully chiseled chin rests upon my shoulder. “That looks absolutely wonderful.” He gently nuzzles my neck. 
 My heart continues to race like an out of control freight train, but my fear evaporates as I turn to meet his loving gaze. The feeling of safety and love each time I look into Andrew’s eyes makes me extremely grateful for the one thing that has not changed since I entered Sanctuary. His cool lips brush across mine, causing an electrical surge throughout my entire being. As I run my fingertips up his chiseled physique, he shudders. 
 Reaching around, he picks up the cake, placing it in the refrigerator. Returning, he takes my hand, leading me downstairs, and out to the bench in front of the residency. It is almost midnight. The stars shine brightly against the onyx sky. 
 As I sit, he pulls me onto his lap, encircling me in his embrace. My pulse quickens, igniting every cell, overheating my very essence. Even after all this time, I cannot stop my reaction to his touch. 
 His cool lips brush the back of my neck, moving slowly to my ear. “Look up at the sky.”
 The sky is ablaze with the natural fireworks of a meteor shower. 
 “Do you remember the last time the sky lit up for you?” His voice is soft, sultry. 
 Turning, wrapping my arms around his waist and nuzzling his stone, cold neck, I answer. “That was the night the most perfect angel promised to grace my life throughout eternity.” His impassioned kiss sets my heart ablaze, fueling my blood, my pulse is pounding in my ears and I barely hear Jackson as he passes. “It’s a good thing you have a day before your flight, you two just don’t have the restraint you did on your wedding night.” He smirks.
 I can feel Andrew’s lips turn up into a smile as he withdraws them slightly from mine. “Let’s see how much restraint you have when you see Eva in her latest purchase which I delivered to your suite. I bet she is wearing it right now.”
 A rush of winter air brushes my cheek as he flies by us and I can’t contain my laughter. “I got the mail this morning and there were no packages for Eva.”
 A glorious smile alights his features, he looks even more beautiful. “I know, but how else could I get him to leave.” He jokes.
 “He’ll be terribly disappointed.” I retort.
 Andrew’s splendiferous eyes sparkle mischievously. “Don’t worry about Jackson he has a special gift for seeing Eva in exactly what he desires. Besides, it wouldn’t be on long enough for him to even register that it’s not new.”
 Punching him in the shoulder, “You’re awful.”
 His cool lips glide across my jaw, stopping at my ear. “I’m just a man in love with the most beautiful woman on the planet.” He murmurs.
 “Now who is using the art of delusion?” I smile.
 His lips move toward mine again, kissing them softly as he rises with me in his arms, carrying me back inside. Quietly, he places me on the bed. As his cool lips glide across my neck, I feel his long arm reaching toward the floor. As he pulls his lips from mine, I feel a touch as soft as silk brush across my forehead, down my nose and across my lips. My heart drums as if someone opened up the gears of a motor boat full throttle. He gently places the velvety rose in my hand. Bringing it up to my nose to smell its sweet fragrance, I glimpse a blush ribbon holding a delicate gold and platinum, intertwined bracelet with the children’s birth stones scattered in between and one stone which I recognize as October, but cannot figure out the significance. Andrew’s fingers deftly release the bracelet from its hold, placing it on my wrist. Brushing my finger across the October birth stone, my eyes shift from it to him. “What is this one for?”
 He slowly brushes his soft lips across the inside of my wrist, kissing it tenderly. “That one is for the day you arrived at Sanctuary, awakening my heart and allowing my life to truly begin after five hundred solitary years.” Remembering how he was when I arrived, so lonely, so self-loathing, I know he still holds some of his doubts, but am relieved that our life and family have brought him happiness. “I know I fought against being with you and my heart is incapable of truly beating, but that is the day when I became whole and felt as if a ray of sunshine had touched my vile existence. I can never fully explain to you what you brought to me and then you kept giving me more than I could have ever imagined, the dream that I thought our conversion forced me to forever forego.”
 Sincerity rings through every word, swelling my heart, making me love him even more. Pulling his glorious face towards mine, “you have given everything to me and opened up a world of happiness that I never thought possible.” 
After spending the night locked in his amorous embrace, we celebrate the twin’s birthday before boarding a plane with Catherine and Lucas and head toward England for my father’s ceremony and to assist Jamison, an old colleague and friend of Lucas with a new wing that his grandfather had donated to an English hospital which Jamison is to head. Although Jamison is an excellent physician, he knows nothing about administration and called Lucas begging him to come over and assist in establishing his records and the new terminal care ward. 
 After attending the ceremony for my father, Catherine and I will set up and teach the administrative personnel and staff the computer system that Catherine developed at Sanctuary and show them how to secure additional insurance benefits for the patients, while Andrew and Lucas coordinate and teach the staff the best way to organize the patients’ rooms to ensure that the various needs of the patients are met in the most cost effective manner. 
 As we strategize, the children talk excitedly about the prospect of seeing a new part of the world. I am surprised to learn that this will be Lucas’ first time back in England since fleeing from the family who transformed his life forever. 



Chapter Two - England

 Arriving at the hotel, my father is in his suite and visits with the children. Lucas and Catherine rent a car and head to meet Jamison. 
 The day goes by fairly pleasant and quick. My father explains to Stephan and Andrew his progress on the synthetic heart and the possibility of provisional approval to utilize it in test patients if the dignitary’s son’s transplant proves to be successful. Andrew provides my father with the name of a gentleman who can provide assistance in wading through all of the extensive paperwork in seeking approval. 
 As the evening draws near, we drive three hours to the hospital. Our rooms are ready and the children quickly enter dreamland after their long, exhausting day. Making a quick cup of coffee, we join Jamison, Catherine and Lucas and begin familiarizing ourselves with the seventy-four patients who were transferred right after construction due to closing hospitals in the area. As we go through the files, their non-conformity becomes glaringly obvious.
 “It’s quite a mess my grandfather hoisted upon me. Do you think that you will be able to help me so that we can run as smoothly as Lucas tells me that you run this type of wing at Sanctuary?”
 “It is just a question of getting everything organized.” Catherine remarks confidently. “Once you are set up, it will be much easier to arrange the patient’s schedule’s correctly and determine if any additional staff is needed or if you just need to reorganize the tasks of the present staff.” 
 Over the next few days, Catherine and I import the files into the system that we currently utilize at Sanctuary. Andrew, Lucas and Jamison assess the patients’ present prognosis and classify them according to their future needs. They also attend the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new wing and assist Jamison in handling all of the publicity. Not until I see pictures of Jamison, Lucas, and Andrew plastered on the front page of every local newspaper in the region do I realize what a huge deal this new hospital wing is. Clipping the articles, I place them in our luggage.
 The morning of the ceremony, we rise early and leave so we can visit with my father. Lucas and Catherine will meet us after the ceremony to take the children back to my father’s hotel. Thereafter, we will return to the hospital for two more weeks to ensure that the staff is comfortable with the new system and techniques we have established.
 We secure a suite so that we can all stay at the hotel that evening and then return to the hospital after taking my family to the airport.
 The ceremony is very formal. I can tell from my father’s expression that he prefers his work to the recognition, but when the dignitary’s son makes a brief appearance to express his gratitude, my father beams with joy. 
 We head over to the reception. Marie is not feeling well and returns with Catherine and Lucas. 
The dinner drags on and is exceptionally formal. My father is fidgeting and anxious to leave. In truth, so am I, but since he is the honored guest, we all put on our social smiles and mingle. 
 As dinner is being served, my father receives a call from a colleague. Before he even hangs up the telephone, Andrew whispers in my ear. “The testing schedule has been moved from the day after tomorrow to tomorrow at noon.” He excuses himself. My father’s face reflects his extreme anxiety. Hanging up, he excuses himself. Returning dismayed, he whispers that the reservation attendant could only get him on stand-bye.
 “Dad, I can take you to the airport.” I murmur. “Maybe you will have better luck if you are there.” 
 Andrew returns sporting a don’t worry about getting your father back, everything will be fine expression. I cannot help but smile. “Dr. Angelis, you have a seat on the midnight flight to Boston.” My father’s whole body relaxes in relief. “We should get you to the airport.” 
 Rising, my father says his good-byes. The dignitary requests to be kept informed and offers his assistance. We drop Stephan off at the hotel and arrive at the airport just in time for final check in.
 Strolling back to the car, Andrew inquires about one of patients whose record I reviewed. My head suddenly feels as if it is swimming in an endless sea. A strong scent of ether overwhelms my nostrils as I struggle to breathe the air around me. 
 Andrew’s anxious voice calls to me, trying to lead me back from my desolate chasm. “Mia, are you alright? Talk to me!” Cool hands grasp my arms. My mouth is sealed shut as my airway constricts closed, cutting off my oxygen supply! As my eyes roll into my head, I see Nicole and Jacob’s faces flash before me, followed by Nicholas and Kayla. From their quick, disjointed movements, it appears as if they are struggling trying to avoid the blue sacks being thrust over their heads, then everything is black.
 Coming out of this episode, I am in the front seat of our car. Andrew is driving faster than he ever has, weaving in and out of cars. One hand is on the wheel while his other frantically hits two different speed dial numbers on the cell phone, over and over again. He is becoming extremely agitated.
 His head whips toward me and his voice is strained. “Are you alright?”
 From his driving and worrisome tone, I know he is aware that the children are in trouble. “How do you know what I saw?” I inquire, barely able to force the words past my breathless lips.
 “As I carried you to the car, you kept screaming ‘take your hands off of the children.’” I called over to Catherine and then tried Lucas, but neither answers. “Did you see anyone?”
 “I saw the children’s faces. They were in the hotel room. I think someone used ether to knock them out. I smelled it and saw a blue cloth being placed over their heads. I didn’t see the faces of the ones who grabbed them, they were grabbed from behind.”
 “Did you see anything else?”
 “No, everything went to black so quickly. Should we call Stephan and the police?”
 “No, not until we know what we are dealing with. We don’t know if they are still there or what has them. We don’t want to put anyone else in danger. We will be back at the hotel in two minutes.”
 My eyes move glance at the speedometer. Andrew is driving over one hundred miles per hour.
 “Mia, close your eyes and concentrate on the kids. See if you see anything else or if you can feel if they are alright. I know this is difficult, but try to clear your anxiety, it will allow you to get a better read on them and their surroundings.”
 I know he is right. We discovered that in addition to my being able to see things from the past and discern things in my dreams that my connection to our children allows me to sense when they are in danger or need me even without the use of the protectionist spell. 
As the car speeds through the darkness, I offer up a prayer that this is a case where I have seen the event prior to its occurrence and that the children haven’t been grabbed yet, but from the lack of communication with Catherine and Lucas and the actual sensing of what they were experiencing instead of just seeing a flash, I fear that this dire event has already taken place.
 Closing my eyes, all I can see is the endless blackness spanning before me. My anxiety turns to hysteria as I become aware of movement, beyond that of our car. I feel as if I’m being tossed around on a rickety rollercoaster and traveling even faster, if that is possible. Blinded, I force myself to concentrate on what my senses may reveal. My limbs are drawn tightly to my torso as if I’m crowded and cramped. Concentrating harder, I hear the rapid pounding of a heart besides my own and then finally register all four anxious hearts. “They’re alive!” I hear myself shout to Andrew and on some level hear his sigh of relief, but force myself to concentrate so as not to break my connection. “They are in transit, but they are either blindfolded or unconscious because I can’t see anything.”
 He responds quietly knowing that any start could break my connection to them. “If you can’t see anything, listen for a clue as to where they are going or what they are passing.”
 Concentrating harder, I hear the continuous revving of the car’s motor. They must be pushing the car at top speed. A gruff man’s voice rings out. “How long do you think we have before someone finds them?”
 An angry woman quips. “We would have had more time if you were smart enough to bring help. We could have disposed of their bodies or taken them with us.”
 “You know that was impossible. No one else was close enough and we can only trust family.”
 “William said he would be in town today. Why didn’t you contact him?”
 “By the time we got our instructions, he was upon the family he was to retrieve from the outskirts. We should arrive shortly after he does. He would have never met up with us in time and if he tried, we would have lost a perfectly good meal. Besides, my instructions were stake and leave, so that is what I did.”
 Andrew’s cool touch pulls me from my connection. As my eyes flutter open, I see him bolt from the vehicle. I quickly run toward the room, knowing I cannot catch him. Entering, Andrew is exiting the children’s bedroom. His deadpan features confirm the children are gone! Hearing struggling from behind the couch, he moves quickly to the blanket lying on the floor. Removing it, Catherine and Lucas lay staked and paralyzed.
 I pull at Lucas’ stake while Andrew removes Catherine’s.
 Before they even regain their ability to speak, Andrew is combing the room for clues and scents. Other than a tipped desk chair, nothing appears out of place, leading me to believe that everyone was caught by surprise and did not have time to struggle. The overwhelming scent of ether resonates throughout the room. My head is swimming once more, despite my only seeing two small blue cloths that were probably used to inebriate the children.
 I am about to ask Andrew if he detects anything, when Catherine and Lucas sit up. Andrew turns to them. “What happened?”
 Catherine response is almost too quick for me to process the words. “We arrived at the hotel and put the children to bed. Coming out of the room, I heard a noise behind me but before I could turn around, I was staked and on the floor. I could only see the ceiling and then they covered my eyes with the blanket, probably so I couldn’t see anything if one of them ran past me. There were definitely two of them because I heard their footsteps heading into the children’s room. They moved swiftly and without a word. I ...” She glances toward Andrew and hesitates.
 “Catherine, please just tell us what you know, my children’s lives are at stake!” I almost explode in my desperate plea to have her hold nothing back from either of us.
 “It’s just that I believe that they knocked out Nicholas and Kayla first and quickly because I heard a very brief struggle which I would assume was Jacob and Nicole because it would be harder to knock them out.”
 I knew exactly what she was saying because I thought I caught a brief glance of Jacob and Nicole seeing the blue cloths coming toward them and feeling their momentary fear before they too succumbed to the darkness. 
 Through the veil of tears which I refuse to let escape, I notice Andrew turning to Lucas. “Did you see anything?”
 “Only a hand coming around me and then I was on the floor. Catherine is right. There were two of them because she and I went down simultaneously.”
 “Did either of you smell or detect anything? Obviously it had to be another vampire or someone that knows about us and how to take us out!”
 “There was no trace of anyone in the room when we arrived. If we even had a hint that something was off, we would have gotten the children out before anything could have happened. They had to come in while we were talking to them before bed. They had to do something though besides just pouring the ether around here to mask their scent.”
 Andrew stares at him. “What do you mean?”
 “Andrew, think about it, even if we were distracted with talking to the kids about the dinner, we would have detected another vampire coming into the vicinity. If they were just vampires their scent would have drifted into the children’s room long before we left it. Whatever they are, they knew how to elude our catching their scent prior to the children’s abduction and they are obviously aware that ether destroys our ability to detect remnants their scent may have left behind.”
 Andrew rushes into our room and then into the children’s room. Turning to me, he grabs my wrists and I see his desperation. “Mia, see if you can get any information on who took them or where they are going. While you do that, we will follow the ether scent until it dissipates. I’ll call Gabriel and get the others to fly over here! It’s someone in our realm, so we are on our own. Catherine, you stay with Mia. Lucas and I will see how far we can go before the ether totally dissipates if it hasn’t already. I can smell the impending rain. Once it falls, all possibility of any type of trail will be lost.” 
 He is out the door, before I gather the children’s things to place around me hoping to get a quick connection and understanding as to what is happening, knowing that Andrew is following a fleeting lead at best. My little angel appears on my shoulder, repeating her quiet mantra. Stay calm, only then will your connection be clear. You know they are alive, hold on to that. You can help them, I know you can. She’s right. If I allow my panic to engulf me, I will never connect to them and any chance of getting even a glimpse of the precious information that we need to find them will be lost.
 “Mia, I’m so sorry. I should have...” 
 Catherine incessant apologizing is only fueling my anxiety. Raising my hand up, she stops. If I allow myself to register that the children are gone, my panic will cripple me, keeping me from feeling anything. Shoving my phone in Catherine’s hands, “call Emma, and tell her what’s happening. Ask if she knows of anything that can help me get a better handle on them and their surroundings.” Sitting, I lay my hands on their belongings trying to force a quick connection. Blocking out Catherine’s voice, a sea of blackness stretches before me as a revving engine screams through the darkness. The children are still in the car. The overwhelming scent of ether alerts me to the children’s unconscious and semi-conscious states, but their heartbeats are still strong. Concentrating on how my body feels, they are still cramped, bound to their torsos. Someone is registering the man and woman bickering. Concentrating on their voices, the next sentence out of the man’s mouth turns my blood cold.
 “Maybe we should stop and stake them. We have been on the road for a while. If they wake up, those wires may not hold them and if they escape David will be furious.”
 “How have you made it this many centuries without thinking!” The woman retorts angrily. “Didn’t you hear their beating hearts? He may have fathered them, but they are not like us, if you stake them they will die! David gave specific orders to bring them back alive and then he will decide what to do with them.”
 “Are you going to insult me for the next few hours? Maybe I’ll just run back and let you drive them yourself.”
 My concentration waivers as I realize she recognizes that staking them would kill them. As this relief tries to pierce my anxiety ridden consciousness, another part of me realizes that she mentioned following someone else’s plan and that he will decide the fate of my helpless children. 
My connection breaks as images of what happened in the cave when I thought Andrew was captured flash, bringing with them the horrific thought that Jonathan is back to finally take his revenge. His warning rings in my ears, my eyes flutter open, and my clenched fists pound the ground.
 Springing up, talking to myself, I pace wildly. “How could you be so stupid as to get side tracked now you lost them!”
 A set of cold hands grasping my shoulder stops me mid-step. I gasp as my eyes meet Andrew’s desolate features. 
 “What did you find out?” I can’t hide my anxious tone.
 “Their trail ended at an exit on the north side of the building, they must have had a car out by the stairwell exit. We followed the main road from there for a while, but there were no signs of any trail we could follow.
Lucas is hypnotizing the security guard into showing him the tapes. Maybe we can get something from that. They have security cameras in the halls and out in the parking lot. We may get lucky as see their faces or what type of car they are driving. Come on, let’s get up there.”
 He turns, but I grab his hand, halting him. “Andrew, the kidnappers know the kids are ours. They were arguing and the woman said that they could not stake the children because they were not full vampires like their father. What if Jonathan is back and the kids were taken because of us. What are we going to do? We can’t just sit here hoping that they took the kids to get to us and might contact us to work out a trade or something. We have to find them! They have plans for the kids and from the menacing sounds of their voices, they are not good!” My anxiety ridden voice reveals that I am on the verge on hysteria.
 Putting his hand upon mine, he moves us forward. “Mia, we can’t jump to any conclusions yet.” Despite his words, I can tell that his mind is already considering this possibility and that he is straining to sound calm so that I will not panic more than I already am. “Let’s review the tapes and see if we can get any information from them. Gabriel and the others will be here in a few hours. We will find them, but you have to stay calm and keep trying to connect to them, the more we know the better our chances are of finding them sooner.”
 I turn to Catherine. “What did Emma say?”
 “She said to keep their personal belongings close when you are trying to get a connection to them. She also said not to forget to move beyond their sense of sight because if they are blindfolded, their other senses will be heightened and their ability to perceive things may allow them to take in more than they realize so to concentrate on what they are thinking.”
 From outside the security room, I hear Lucas’s anxious voice. “Come in, we have the tapes ready.” Stepping inside, the tapes from four different cameras are running, the hallway, the lobby, the parking lot and a stairwell. It appears several people passed through the lobby this evening. There is a blip in the hallway camera at eleven fifteen. The stairwell did not appear to be used. There was no blackout, so they must have found a different exit.
 They used a service elevator.” Andrew murmurs before flying out of the room.
 I turn to Catherine. “What time did the children go to bed tonight?”
 “We came out of their room shortly before eleven.” 
 “They must have grabbed the kids when I saw it happening.” Maybe they aren’t too far!” I looked down at my watch, not realizing it is three o’clock in the morning. 
 We rewind the lobby tape. Despite the darkened night, a couple strolls in wearing dark glasses. The woman is even donning a wide brimmed hat. They approach the front desk, cross the lobby, but then duck behind a column. Despite the many cameras, they are not seen again.
 Andrew returns. “They used a laundry basket to get the kids out of the hotel and used the service entrance, the car must have been parked in the north parking lot, have them run the tape. Did you see anything on the tapes while I was gone?”
 Showing him the woman and the man, he doesn’t recognize them either. Running the parking lot tape, we catch sight of a very expensive Mercedes moving toward the north stairwell exit and then the camera blacks out for a minute. That’s all it took to get the kids in the car and speed off. Zooming in, the license plate is blocked. They knew exactly what they were doing. Lucas prints out the pictures of the couple and the car before compelling the guard to forget our presence. 
 Returning to the room, Andrew pulls me on the couch, his voice still straining to sound calm. “Did you learn anything else while we were gone?” 
 “The woman and man were bickering about staking the children. She told him that David had plans for the children and wanted them taken to him alive. I think that the man and woman who are traveling in the car are related because they talked about not trusting anyone but family. One of them also mentioned someone named William in their family.”
 “Was there anything else? Could you see anything that they were traveling by? Did you smell or hear anything at all that may give us a clue as to where they are going?”
 Closing my eyes, desperate to recall everything I heard and felt, I pray that something will give him a clue. “They still couldn’t see. They are bound with some sort of metal ties that the man was worried would not hold if the children woke up. I don’t think that they realize that Nicholas and Kayla are not ours by birth.” My eyes fly open. “The man said that they would be in the car for a few more hours. They are driving to wherever this David is and it is not in the immediate vicinity.”
 “That’s good, try to connect with the kids, concentrate on what you can hear, maybe if they keep talking they will give us some indication of who they are or where they are heading.”
 The telephone rings and I jump. As my eyes gaze at it, I notice for the first time, the sun is up and I know that it must be Stephan and panic. Andrew picks up the telephone. His features are stone, he is shut down.
 “Good morning Stephan, are you ready to go to the airport?”
 I can’t hear Stephan, but from Andrew’s response, he must be asking about us. 
 “Mia and the children had to head back to the hospital with Catherine and Lucas earlier. They had a major malfunction with the records and Mia remembered a lot of the patient classifications. I stayed behind to take you to the airport. I know she was really sorry that she couldn’t see you guys before you left.” 
 He listens to whatever Stephan is saying. “Yes, I have your father’s luggage packed. I’ll meet you in the lobby in ten minutes. I need to pick up a new staff member at the airport this morning anyways. It is no problem at all.”
 Hanging up the telephone, he wraps his arms around me. The tears I have been holding back flow.
 “We will find them Mia. You stay here and connect with them, see if you can get any more information about what is around them or how long they travel. I don’t want to leave you, but it’s important that we get your brother and his family out of here before they can figure out that anything is wrong. Since we don’t know who we are dealing with yet, I think that it would be best to stay close to him until they are safely on a plane. I’ll call and make sure arrangements are made for someone to watch them when they return and James is still with your father. I’ll let him know what’s going on. After I drop them off, Reginald has arranged for me to look at the street tapes for the Mercedes that we saw in the parking area. Maybe if we can get a handle on which direction they are heading, we can get a map and set out a few hours in that direction so as to get some sort of starting point. I know that it is a shot in the dark, but until we can figure out something else, we need to pursue every possibility. He is also going to send some local friends our way.”
 Catherine comes out of the bedroom with my father’s luggage, handing it to Andrew. “You had better get downstairs. I’ll stay with Mia.”
 Lucas interrupts. “Where are you supposed to go and who are you supposed to see regarding the tapes? I can go on ahead and start. Maybe I’ll have an answer before you meet up with me.”
 Andrew turns to him. “That’s a good idea. I will text you the contact information and address as I head downstairs. Also, call Gabriel and see what his expected arrival time is. Have him come directly here.” With that, he kisses me and is out the door. 
 Sitting back in the circle, I grasp some of the children’s items to my chest, unable to hold back the new round of tears as my internal argument rages through my consciousness once more. I should have known from the gathering that formed when the children were born that it was only a matter of time before they would succeed in grabbing them. I should have taught them earlier how to use their powers fully. I was so blinded by wanting to give them some normalcy that we only taught them some basic powers with the other children. I should have had Reginald, Emma and Victor teaching them from the moment they were old enough to understand. If I had, maybe they could have protected themselves and maybe they would not be going through this now.
 A cool set of hands grasp my shoulders. “Mia, open your eyes. You are too aggravated. You’ll never connect with them if you don’t calm down.”
 “Catherine, this is my fault! Don’t you see; if I had listened to Reginald years ago when he wanted to start teaching the children, they would be stronger now? Maybe they would have been capable of warding off their captures. I should have never withheld such vital information and training from their lives!”
 Shaking me, my eyes meet her determined features straight on. “You can’t think like that! Your children needed time to be children, to develop as individuals first and to become well-adjusted and compassionate human beings.” Her voice is filled with deliberate determination. “You have been teaching them. Mia if they utilized the full battalion of their powers too early that could have interfered with their development as strong individuals. Don’t you remember how overwhelming this surreal world felt to you? If they became too powerful before they could really understand right and wrong, it would have been disastrous. Mia, you know better than anyone that your children have the potential to be an extremely powerful force not only in this life, but also in the war which rages all around us, but still they are just children. They are only now beginning to even grasp the concept of what they can do and how they can’t always use their powers because they cannot yet fully understand the ramifications of such actions. Children can be impulsive, even the best meaning normal children can act impetuously and unwarranted results can occur. Just think of the disasters that could result if your children used their powers imprudently. Do you remember Jacob with the snapping turtle? Everyone knew that he did not mean to do it harm, but in that moment of anger when it bit him, look at what happened. You did the right thing in allowing them to develop as good caring children first. It was necessary to withhold their utilizing their full powers. By allowing them to utilize limited powers, you showed them how special they are while instilling discipline and allowing them to see that any untoward use, even limited, could yield disastrous results. We will find them! I know that it is difficult, but you need to calm down and concentrate on trying to get as much information as you can.”
 She is absolutely right. I can chastise my choices later, but to do it now is useless and self-indulgent! Closing my eyes, I hold their favorite clothing items close to my heart. I can’t stop the overwhelming panic from seizing my heart as each minute turns into what seems like hours passing me by without any feeling of a connection. Springing up from the floor, my eyes are unfocused. I do not even see Catherine standing before me as she grasps my wrists. “What’s wrong?”
“I can’t feel anything! What if they are dead! I should have been able to connect with them by now!”
 Shrugging out of her hold, I am at the window, my eyes darting wildly at the surroundings below. Unsure of what I am searching for, my heart sinks deeper and deeper with each hyperactive beat. Coming up behind me, she turns me, leads me back to the circle, sits me down, and moves the items closer before going over to my purse and removing my wallet. She hands me a picture we took at Christmas. “Mia, look at their beautiful faces and concentrate. They are not dead! You would feel that right away and you know it. In your anxiety and thinking about what you haven’t taught them, you are not considering all of the good you have shown them, so stop allowing your mind to punish itself! You just need to calm down and concentrate.”
 Staring at their beautiful faces, I see my sister and David in the hazel eyes of Nicholas and Kayla, while Jacob and Nicole inherited the oceanic blue eyes Andrew possessed after his re-emergence with Nicholas. Closing my eyes, I concentrate harder. Finally, to my relief, I feel their precious hearts beating. They aren’t moving in a car any longer, someone is carrying them. Concentrating on each one separately, I try to discern if any of them are more conscious than the other, hoping that what they are registering will give me some clue as to where they are now. 
 The first heart is strong, but they have no real consciousness of anything going on around them other. Through their nostrils, I no longer smell the overwhelming scent of ether; it has been replaced by dank, musty air. On some level, they can feel the cold surrounding them. I must have connected to Nicholas or Kayla because I doubt that Jacob or Nicole would be feeling cold. I no longer sense the hood placed over their head. They must have reached their destination and their captures don’t seem to fear their waking. 
 Concentrating on the next heart, I sense more of an awareness of something bad going on around them and the overwhelming fear accompanying their awaking consciousness. Suddenly, my body jerks, they are struggling against their binding restrains. They are still covered with their limbs still bound tightly to their torso. It has to be Nicholas or Kayla. 
The gruff voice of a man shouts in their ear. “Stop struggling or I will test out my own theory that staking can paralyze you and keep you under control! If I am wrong, at least David will still have three of you.” My heart seizes as Jacob or Nichole freezes in fear. 
 The woman’s angry retort echoes off the walls. “I told you that they cannot be staked! They will bleed to death. We are not losing one now! Let’s secure them and then we can get David.”
 “Who made you boss? I am a member of this family too, I should have a say in what happens to them.” He retorts frustrated. 
A loud thud rings in my ears as my head is seized with pain. I am falling sideways and then I feel nothing. 
 Forcing down my panic, whoever I was with is now unconscious. I concentrate quickly on another heart. I have to find out what happened. I need to hear what is going on. Focusing, the pounding of an anxious heart practically blocks the couple’s argument. 
 “Why do you always have to be so hasty? See what you made me do.”
 “At least he is not fighting you anymore. Come on let’s get them confined. I want to be done with this. I’m not missing another meal.” 
 Nichole’s muscles feel as if they could snap from the stress and fear raging out of control. As her fear mounts, it overwhelms my senses, severing our connection! She must be fighting to cast out all emotions. I never imagined our teaching them to detach themselves from everything so they can think calmly whenever they get upset to avoid a repeat performance of the snapping turtle incident would develop into a way to toss me out. I should have performed protectionist spell on the children, if I had, maybe I would know where they are right now. The relative peace and contentment made me complacent and now my children are paying for it! 
 My firsts slam down, but hit cool palms. Opening my eyes, my arms fly around Andrew’s waist, pulling him to me. “Please tell me you found a lead! The kids are so frightened right now and the ones who have them are bickering and seem very unstable. One of them keeps talking about hurting them!”
 Andrew pulls me closer before releasing me. The room is filled with anxious, pale faces. All of the St. Clouds are here along with several faces I do not recognize. Leading me to the couch, Andrew’s voice is soft spoken, but I know he is fighting for every ounce of control. “We caught a glimpse of a Mercedes heading north. By their speed, whoever it is knew what they were doing and stayed off of the main roads. They are heading toward the rural and estate areas which are all privately held. Lucas is still there and reviewing the tapes to ensure that we did not miss anything and Eva and Jackson have headed toward the road where we saw the car with some local friends to see if there are any clues or scents which they can pick up on.” My heart sinks and the life force is being drained from every cell of my being as he utters each word. What if Lucas doesn’t see anything else and all trace evidence is lost? The children could be anywhere, how are we ever going to find them in time? What if they are dragged to... I force my mind to halt the thought, if I finish it, I will shut down, never feeling them again, never connecting with them again. I will enter the deepest, darkest hell of my own creation, one where there is no escape, no refuge, no light, and no possibility to save them, ensuring that I lose them forever.



Chapter Three - The Search Commences

 Andrew’s lips are moving. I fight through my deadening senses to hear him. “Don’t give up hope, Lucas is still looking and everyone here will assist in the search. Did you get anything more from connecting to them while I was gone?”
 I can’t stop the tears streaming down my cheeks. “They aren’t traveling by car any longer. They were being carried to some confinement place. Kayla and Nicholas are still unconscious. Jacob was coming out of the stupor but they knocked him unconscious again. I can’t tell how badly he is hurt because I went to concentrate on Nicole hoping to get some information about what was happening to him, to them, but she started shutting down and my connection was broken. What if he is really hurt! I left him in his darkness.” The sobs rip from my chest. 
 Andrew wraps his arms tightly around me. “He is very strong. I’m sure that he’s fine. Please this is important, what else did you hear?” Although Andrew is trying to be strong for me, I can feel the anxiety radiating in his embrace at the thought of Jacob being hurt.
 Straining to speak, “I could hear the same woman and man fighting. There has to be two other people with them, but they never spoke. The man was threatening to stake Jacob because he was moving around and the woman knocked him down. They were going to confine the children and then go get David. Andrew, they seem to be all members of the same family and wherever they took them, the room they were traveling through is exceptionally cold, I could feel it through either Nicholas or Kayla and the air around them is dank and musty.”
 “What makes you think that they are part of the same family?” He inquires staring at me intensely.
 “When they were arguing, the woman was griping over not disposing of Catherine and Lucas sufficiently and that their taking the children could have gone unnoticed longer if they had help, but the man said that they could only trust family. I don’t understand. If Jonathan returned, could he have engaged a family of demons and vampires to grab them? How many families have all been turned?”
 His eyes dart to the anxious faces of his family and then back to me. “I don’t know how many families have been changed. Usually conversions happen in solitary incidents. Families are seen more with witches. Are you sure that the people who have the children are vampires and not witches or something else?”
 I am about to answer, when a rapid knock at the door draws my attention. Gabriel opens it revealing the concerned faces of Emma and Victor.
 “Are there any leads yet?” Emma inquires crossing the room towards us.
“Lucas, Eva and Jackson are following our only lead on the car, but we have no identity on the individuals who took them other than Mia’s belief that they are a family of vampires.” Andrew replies. 
 Emma interrupts. “Are you sure that it’s a family a vampires?” 
 All eyes follow Emma and Andrew as they turn to me. “I know that it is a family because I heard them bickering and the man saying that they could only trust family. They are strong and know about how staking Catherine and Lucas would paralyze them and they can tell that the children’s hearts are beating. I heard them arguing that they were not full vampires like their father.”
 Emma kneels before me. “Mia, is there anything more that would have made you think that they were vampires? I’m only saying this because many witches are familiar with how to stop vampires.”
 “They seemed to be very strong and could witches hear the children’s heart?”
 “Are you sure that they heard the children’s hearts?”
 I consider what she is saying. “No, I guess that I just assumed that they did?”
 Emma places her hands upon mine, turns to Gabriel who nods before she turns back to me. “Mia, I want you to close your eyes and concentrate on everything that you have seen and heard since the children were taken. Maybe you heard something that you are not consciously aware of that is making you think they are vampires. Gabriel will go through this with you. Maybe he can offer a different perspective.”
 “Shouldn’t I be concentrating on getting another connection with the children? One of them hurt Jacob, he’s unconscious!”
 Emma hugs me gently and then sits back on her heels, taking my hands again. “Mia, I spoke to Reginald on my way here. He is on his way and believes that you can even get a message to the children with some help, but right now it is essential that we gather as much information so that we can find them. Do this for me and then I promise I will help you get a message to them.”
 My heart surges forward, beating against my chest at the thought of getting a message to them. I want to argue with her, but finding them is my first priority and if Gabriel can help in that, I need to concentrate and hopefully he can detach himself from the fear I can’t escape to see things that in my panic, I missed. Closing my eyes, I run through what I have seen, heard, and felt as Andrew wipes away my tears.
 When I open my eyes, Gabriel is opening a map and placing it on the table. “Andrew how fast would you say the car was traveling?”
 “About one hundred ten miles per hour, but I doubt they maintained that pace because it would have caught the attention of the police.”
 He is drawing circles from different points on the map as I approach. Lifting his head, his voice sounds confident. “Mia is right they are vampires because they talked about William bringing back a family and not wanting to miss a good meal.” 
 As the meaning of his words sink in, my stomach lurches and I can feel the bile rise up my throat. My children are in the hands or barbaric vampires that feed off human beings! Forcing my thoughts away from the dark abyss threatening to engulf me and back to Gabriel, I know I cannot afford to be distracted from finding them. 
Looking at Emma, “How can I get a message to the children?”
 She moves toward me. “Do you remember when we channeled together, how we linked?”
 “Yes, but don’t we have to be together to channel? Are you telling me that I could channel with the children from here?”
 “No, that wouldn’t be possible.”
 Frustrated, my tone is clipped. “Then how do I get a message to them?”
 “Reginald believes that we may be able to utilize Damian’s special powers to compel his energy to send them a message.”
 Damian moves toward us. Taking my hand, he turns to Emma. “Tell me what I need to do.”
 Her features turn serious. “Before I tell you what you have to do, you need to know that it can be dangerous.”
 He interrupts her. “It can’t be any more dangerous than our not knowing where the children are and what they are facing, so just tell me what we need to do in order to get them the message.”
 Emma grips Damian’s shoulders. “You need to understand the risk first. When you channel with Mia and project yourself there, you utilize and set forth your energy to manifest an image. Although from what Mia heard and Gabriel confirmed, we have reason to believe they are vampires, we don’t know if they are linked with demons or black witches. When you manifest your image, your energy could be trapped wherever the children are depending upon who and what we are dealing with, whether they detect you, and if they have the ability to trap you, or at least part of your essence. Do you remember when the demon came back through Mia and we disposed of it?”
 “Yes, but I don’t see what that has to do with anything.” Damian quips.
 “In order for you to project through channeling, you will not have full and immediate control over the energy you transfer to manifest the image. If you are detected and they are prepared to catch your energy, in the momentary delay, part of you could be captured and trapped there causing you to remain immobile and in a semiconscious state here.”
 “You have not told me anything that would deter my going, so we should get started.” He states confidently, but his eyes shift to Serena and I catch their brief, but very worried glances.
 Grasping his hand, “Are you sure you want to do this?”
 A determined stare overtakes his features. “You know how we feel about them. They are the children that we could never have, so just tell me what you want me to tell them and let’s get started.”
 I hug him fiercely and we head toward the circle. As we sit, Emma follows. “Would you mind if I channel with you? I may be able to detect if there is any danger and let Damian know before he can be taken.”
 I rearrange the circle before we join hands. 
 “Mia, you concentrate on connecting with the children and I will concentrate on our channeling with you, this way your attention will not be split. Gabriel can you look on and see if you get anything that Mia may pick up through the connection.”
 Everyone is moving around us, but I block them out, concentrating only on the children’s picture which I hold in my hand before placing it in Damian’s. As their beautiful faces flow through my thoughts, the faint echo of their beating hearts surrounds me. Emma’s voice rings quietly through my consciousness. “Mia, concentrate on them but allow your mind to accept our presence so we can travel with you.”
 The children’s beating hearts become clearer. I feel the cold floor below them, their wrists feel weighted down by some sort of heavy metallic cuff, but I no longer feel the hood over their face. My heart quickens, if they don’t care about whether or not the children see their faces that could mean… I stop myself. I need to concentrate and not speculate! I force myself to focus on the coldness of the floor, until I remember that I am connecting to either Nicholas or Kayla who have yet to regain consciousness. I need to connect with Jacob or Nicole. The effects of the ether will dissipate with them quicker. Hopefully, they are awake and focusing on their surroundings so as to give us some clue as to where they are being held. Concentrating on the next heart, I am more aware of the shackles binding me and the roughness of the floor. I can feel their mind fighting its way through a sea of confusion as the last remnants of ether impair their systems. 
 As I fight to get a stronger connection, I feel their encroaching fear as they finally regain consciousness. I must have connected to Nichole. As her eyes meet Jacob’s, I can feel a lump in her throat, strangling her words. “What do you think they will do to us?”
 “I don’t know, but we have to try to get out of here before we give them an opportunity to do anything. Can you break free from the chains?”
 My relief at hearing Jacob’s strong response is cut short as the terrifying thought of their being chained and trying to do anything that may put them in further danger overtakes me. Before my own fear severs our connection, I concentrate on Nicole’s strangled whisper.
 “My hands are bound too tight. They’re not budging. Do you think that mom and dad know we are missing by now?” Despite her hushed tone, I can hear her hysteria rising. 
 “I’m not sure. Do you have any idea how long we’ve been out?”
 As I squeeze Damian’s hand, I feel Nicole’s shock as his faint reflection appears before them. “We know that you are missing. We are looking for you now. Your mother is with you and can feel you and see what you are seeing. Try to observe as much as you can, any information which you can send her way will help. We love you and we are all here, we are searching. Remember, the less information that you give to them and the more you can discern, the more it will help to keep you safe. We love you very much.”
 Approaching footsteps echo from a hallway. Grabbing Emma’s hand, I see Damian’s reflection vanish as Nicole and Jacob hang their heads feigning unconsciousness. Listening intently, the door creeks open, someone takes two more steps and then the door slams shut and the footsteps fade. Although their hearts are pounding wildly with fear, and Nichole’s eyes are veiled by tears, I can see hope lightening Jacob’s features knowing that we are looking for them and I am in some form with them. My heart aches to comfort my precious daughter as her tears stream down her face. 
Jacob’s features turn worrisome as he stares upon his sister. His voice turns soft and comforting like his fathers. “Nicole, please don’t cry, this is good news, they know that we are missing and they will find us.”
 “But we traveled a long time and the car was going so fast, what if we traveled too far for them to find us?”
 “Do you think that distance will stop them? They would go to the ends of the earth to get us back. We need to help them, if we can. If uncle Damian could reach us, we can’t be so far away. How far can he project anyway?”
 “I don’t know, but he said mom is with us, do you think…” Nichole chokes as if her windpipe is cut off and she strains to finish. “…that they got her too?”
 “No, he said she could see and feel us, I don’t think that she is physically with us. I think that she is with us the way they tried to explain to us before. Remember how she can feel us and hear or see what we are seeing when we are in trouble?”
 “Then what should we do?”
 Jacob looks deep in thought. “If we can’t get out of these chains, we should concentrate, and I mean really concentrate, on what is going on around us. This way, when mom is with us, maybe she will hear or see something that would help them find us.”
 Nicole’s eyes shift from Jacob’s and new panic grips her as she sees her cousins slumped and chained to the floor. “Kayla, Nicholas are you alright? Wake up. Kayla please wake up!” They blur as tears overwhelm her lids again.
 “Nicole, it’s alright. Please don’t cry, they are breathing, I can see their chest moving up and down, they must still be unconscious. It’s alright. Please, if you are crying and they come back, they will know that we are awake and that might not be our best move right now. We should pretend to be unconscious for as long as possible. Maybe uncle Damien will even come back and tell us what we should do.”
 Knowing that Damian doesn’t know what is happening, I break the connection to talk to him and let Andrew know that the kids did see Damian and are looking for instructions. My opening eyes meet their concerned faces.
 “Emma said that we made it through to the kids, did they see and hear me?” Damian inquires anxiously.
 “They did and it made them feel better but they are looking for us to send them some type of instructions. Nicole and Jacob are pretending to be unconscious and Nicholas and Kayla still haven’t come around. Damian, can you go back?”
 “Absolutely, just tell me what you want to tell them.”
 Andrew turns to Emma. “Is there anything that they can do to repel an attack from these vampires or demons, if it comes down to that?”
 There are spells that they can use, but they are very specific depending upon what type of creature is holding them. I hate to say this, but we should wait and see if we can confirm what they are so that we can give them the right type of spell. Otherwise, we can do them more harm than good.” By her hesitant features, I know she caught the skeptical look passing between Andrew and me. Turning toward me, “Mia, I’m not saying that we are not dealing with vampires, I’m just saying that we should make sure that we are not dealing with something more as well.”
 Andrew turns back to Damian. “Tell the children to try to observe as much as possible and not reveal the extent of the powers or that they have powers, if possible. Also,...” 
 I put my hand on Andrew to stop him for a moment and turn to Emma. “Emma do you think that they are strong enough to do the protectionist spell upon each other, this way, if they get separated or if one of them gets taken away from the others, they would be able to keep track of each other?”
 “I think that they could do it. They are very strong, they just need to be careful because if their captures see the stars and know about witches, they will know immediately what is going on and that the children are more than just half-vampires.”
 “Can you walk Damian through the spell so that he can tell them about it? I need to talk to Andrew a minute.” Not wanting the others to hear, I get up, and he follows me to the balcony. Although I know Reginald sent them, I don’t want to risk revealing anything they shouldn’t know.
 He shuts the doors behind him. “What are you thinking?” 
 “Is it possible to use the powers to advance death in another way?” By his perplexed features, he doesn’t know where I am heading with this. “Can the powers to advance death be used to incapacitate any type of creature, even if it is only temporary?” 
 I can tell by his deep concentration, he is seriously considering the possibility. “I don’t think it would work on vampires because we are already dead and demons do not have human physiology. I don’t think it works the way you are hoping. We could do them more harm than good by putting them in a position where they would be giving more information than there captures have.” From his hesitation, I know there is more.
 “What aren’t you telling me?”
 Gripping my hand, “Mia, I don’t want to frighten you more, but if they are using people as their food source, they may also be doing other things. I don’t want to place the children in a position where they are forced to use their powers to do anything for these creatures that could ...” 
 Knowing where he is going, I thrust my hand up. I cannot allow my mind to venture there, my fear and the nightmarish facts already bombarding my thoughts are difficult enough to fight to bury so that I could continue functioning. Putting my fingertips up to his lips, I plead. “Please don’t say it out loud. If you confirm my worst fears, I won’t be able to concentrate.”
 He enfolds me in his embrace as tears escape my lids. “I’m afraid too, but you have to keep calm and believe that we are going to find them. Come on, let’s go back inside, I’m sure Emma has walked Damian through the spell. You should connect to the kids and give them this information. Don’t focus on anything but connecting with them. While you’re doing that, I’ll see if I can get any information from Lucas, Eva and Jackson.”
 Entering, Emma and Damian are already inside the circle so I join them. “Damian, tell them that we love them again and not to take any chances but to observe and think about anything that could give us a clue as to where they are. Tell them to do the protectionist spell but to be very careful. I know that Jacob’s hearing is the best so tell him to listen intently for any approaching footsteps and to break it off immediately if he hears anything at all.” 
 “I promise I will tell them everything. I will make sure that they know again that we are looking for them and love them.”
 Closing my eyes, I’m surprised at how quickly I feel an onslaught of fear which is not my own. I have connected with Nicholas or Kayla who is now aware of their imprisonment. Their eyes are darting frantically around as they shudder from the damp, cold ground and air surrounding them. Pushing past their fear, I concentrate instead on what they are seeing. There is natural light streaming through the room, but I see no windows. Instead, they are surrounded by sand or concrete color walls aligned with chains while the attached rings rest on the floor. I feel myself gasp at the terrifying site and realization that these shackles are imprisoning my children. Nothing, but a few mice or maybe rats, occupy the room. I wish I could tell them to look toward the door and windows, but I can see Damian’s apparition forming and do not want to break our connection for this new request. All eyes are upon him as he whispers that we love them and will find them. Slowly and in hushed tones, he instructs them on the protectionist spell and tells Jacob to listen intently and be sure to break off if there is any indication that someone is approaching. Several frantic footsteps echo from the hallway and he is gone.
 As they come closer, Jacob whispers. “Hang your heads down and don’t move.” The room goes dark and I hear the creak of the door. Someone’s cool hand is on my chin, lifting either Kayla or Nicholas’ head. A momentary flash of relief floods through me as I realize they are good at feigning unconsciousness as their chin is released causing their head to drop.
 A male authoritative voice rings close to my ear. “Did they see you when you grabbed their children?”
 “No, I told you that we were very careful. We even took side roads out of the city. There is no way that anyone can trace this to us.” After a pause, the woman’s voice continues. “I don’t understand, if you want him to suffer, shouldn’t we have let him see us grab the children? Wouldn’t it have been better if he knew exactly who took them and could imagine what his children are going through, he knows what we were capable of, and I’m sure that he has not forgotten the terror in her eyes at what she saw. Wouldn’t it have been much more effective to let his imagination eat away at him as to what they will suffer at our hands before...”
 An angry growl fills the room and reverberates through the floor. Nicholas or Kayla shudders. A crash echoes off the walls, they are fighting, but I don’t hear any reaction from the children other than the locking into place of every muscle of whomever I am connected to. Please don’t let my children be caught in the cross-fire, I pray! 
His angry voice grows louder. “I told you, we will reveal ourselves to him in time. I want to do this in stages. First, let’s see if he can figure it out. In the meantime, we should enjoy the fact that he is suffering not knowing who has them or what is happening to them. Once I am satisfied that this torture is sufficient, we will reveal that we have them. I’m sure he remembers what we did before and fears that our power and love for carnage has only grown over the years, such thoughts will devastate him. Then...” He pauses and his voice sounds calmer, calculating. “I’m getting ahead of myself. How much ether did you give them, they have been out a long time?”
 “We knocked them out with it and then kept it on them in the car.” He grunts. “Have Ana come down in a few hours and see if they are up. Have her bring down water, food or blood. We don’t want them dying before their time. Come on, we should go and eat, I’m sure the family is ready for us now.” He chuckles menacingly. 
As the footsteps retreat, the overwhelming fear of all of the children overwhelms me and I have to fight to keep our connection. 
Nicholas’s voice is strained. “We need to stay calm.”
 “How can you say that? They want us dead!”
 “He didn’t say that.” Nicholas retorts.
“They want dad to suffer, and won’t do anything to us, at least not know. Once they reveal themselves to dad, he’ll find us. Our family will find us.” Despite Jacob’s whispered tone, he sounds confident. “In the meantime, it doesn’t look like they want to do anything with us but keep us here. They are even sending down food or water, but we need to stay calm or we will get ourselves in trouble and maybe hurt.”
 I can’t believe how well Nicholas and Jacob are thinking. They sound wise beyond their years. 
 “It sounds as if no one will be back down here for a few hours. Maybe we should try to do the spell that uncle Damian told us about.” Nicholas notes.
 Kayla interrupts. “You know how mom feels about spells. We aren’t supposed to use them unless we are in school.”
 Jacob’s responds confidently. “Mom wouldn’t mind, she probably even told uncle Damian to tell us about it. Otherwise, how would he know? He’s not a witch. Besides, he said it would help us keep track of each other in case they took one of us somewhere else.”
 Nicole interrupts him. “Even if we did it, what good would it do us if we can’t get out of these chains?”
 Nicholas replies. “We can’t think that way. From the look of this room, these are not very nice people and we need to do anything and everything we can to keep each other safe until someone can reach us.”
 “I don’t think I remember all of the words.” Kayla murmurs panicked. 
 “I’m not sure if I remember either.” Nicole chimes in.
 “It’s alright, I think I remember what he said and I can tell you what to say.” Jacob utters calmly. 
 Listening as Jacob instructs Kayla and Nicole in the spell, I’m amazed that he remembers it exactly considering his young age and the unbelievable stress and fear they are under. I feel Kayla and Nicole’s joy as they watch the stars fall upon them. Each breathes a sigh of relief as they complete the spell without getting caught. 
 My senses bounce and I connect with Jacob as his eyes slowly scan the room taking in every detail. The windows are high up, almost touching the ceiling. They are not covered by glass, only rusted bars. The walls are actually huge concrete type blocks and the entrance way is secured by an ancient dungeon door that you would see in old movies. That’s it! They are being held in an old creepy dungeon.
 Opening my eyes, Andrew is next to me and we are alone. “Where did everyone go?”
 “They went to comb the area where we caught sight of the car. There are several estates in the immediate vicinity and they are seeing if they can catch the children’s scent. They know you felt the children traveling after the car passed there, but staying around here was making everyone nervous and they’re hoping we might get lucky.”
 “How will they know?”
 “Reginald’s friend took scents from the clothes the kids wore. Although they masked the room with ether to cover their trail, Catherine retrieved the kids’ clothes from the hospital. What did you learn?”
 “I think that the kids are being held in some kind of a dungeon.”
 Andrew interrupts me, probably to keep me focused and get as many details from what I saw as possible. “What did you see that made you think that?”
 “The windows are odd shapes with no glass. They have rusted bars across them and are up high, almost to the ceiling. Also, the oversized wooden door is ancient with a large metal ring and an old metal and bar window within it. The walls look sandy colored, like large cinder blocks and they have chains and shackles on them.” I stop talking as my anxiety increases at what I need to tell him next. I grab his shoulders. “I heard them fighting again. One of them couldn’t understand why he didn’t want you to see them grab the children so that you would suffer knowing who had them. Andrew, Jonathan is back!”
 “Are you sure?” In those three words, I could hear the tension of five hundred years straining against his vocal chords.
 “Whoever they are, they are working for him. Who else would want to see you suffer by grabbing the kids?”
 “Did you hear him say that?”
 “Yes! I heard a man’s voice, it may have even been him, but I’m not sure.”
 “Mia, are you sure they’re with Jonathan, because if it is him, remember Reginald put a trace on his energy.”
 “Andrew, we need to find out how to follow the energy because he said...” I can’t push the words past my lips as his words scream in my ears.
 Andrew’s face becomes more anxious by the second. “What did he say?”
 “He…He said that he didn’t… want the kids to… die before their time.” Forcing down a deep breath, my voice becomes slightly clearer. “He is planning on killing them!”
 “Mia, stop. I don’t think he will kill them. He may be only saying that to placate the vampires’ blood lust, they are more useful to him alive. What else did he say? Is there anything that he said that might clue us in to where they are or how long we have until he moves on to the next part of his plan?” 
 “He said that he wanted you to suffer, first not knowing who had the children and then he was going to let you know that he had them because that would make you suffer more. Andrew, please we have to find them! I’m afraid of what he is going to do to them to make us suffer. He talked about how you know what he was capable of doing and that his love for carnage has only increased. He has things well planned out and the kids are going to get hurt or killed!” As hysteria rings through my words, Andrew lightly grasps my chin, ensuring that my eyes do not leave his.
 “Mia, we will find them. They will be alright, they are very strong, we just need to make sure who he has helping him so that we can get them the right spells. I’ll call Reginald and see if we can trace his energy or if we need to wait for Reginald to arrive. I know that he is about three hours out from the last time someone spoke to him.” The tension from his grip alerts me that Andrew too is becoming fearful for the fate of our children, despite his trying to speak in a reassuring manner. 
 Taking the telephone from his pocket, his hand moves around my shoulders, pulling me closer to him. He dials Reginald. “Reginald…” Waiting a moment so that he recognizes it’s Andrew, “Mia says Jonathan is holding the children, would you be able to walk Emma or Mia through tracing his energy so that we could find him?”
 Andrew’s features become more intense. If only I had his hearing, I would know what Reginald is saying.
 “From what she could hear, she is afraid that he is going to hurt them or kill them. The ones he is working with sound pretty unstable.”
 His features freeze, stilling my heart. After a beat, his deadpan tone sends my mind freefalling. “I will let her know.”
 As his eyes meet mine, he can no longer hide his fear and concern. “We can’t trace Jonathan’s energy anymore, can we?” I mutter.
 Releasing me and taking my hands, his response is barely a whisper. “It’s not that we can’t trace it anymore, it is just that Reginald got no indication that he is on this plane so if he is, someone must be blocking him. Reginald thinks that we should wait for him because he is older and has more tricks. If Jonathan is here and detects someone is trying to find him, he will use whatever tricks he has masking himself until finding him wouldn’t matter and...” He closes his eyes and stops talking. 
 His sudden silence screams to me the information I cannot bear as the image of our children gone and trapped the way I had envisioned Andrew was all those years ago flashes violently through my mind like a nuclear explosion. Getting up, I can’t stop my wild pacing. A tidal wave of grief envelops me as I see our children being tortured behind a clear immovable wall while we are helpless to save them. My heart seizes, if we had only let Jonathan destroy us the many times he came for us or the night in the woods, Kayla and Nicholas would be safe in Stephan’s arms and Jacob and Nichole would not be suffering. Unaware that I voiced my thoughts out loud, I’m frozen as Andrew grabs my arms and my eyes meet his anguished expression.
“Mia, you can’t think that it would have been better for you to be destroyed. Our children, all of our children are strong, wonderful and powerful. You need to remember that. Jonathan failed in all of his attempts over you when you were just human and did not even know about your powers. Our children’s souls are stronger that even ours. They will survive this. They will be back with us.”
 I interrupt him. “I know they are strong. That is why the darkness wants to claim them now, before they become so powerful that they cannot be held and manipulated. If I had only allowed Reginald to train them earlier, maybe they would be powerful enough now to at least escape or let us know where they are!”
 Andrew’s arms tighten around mine. “Mia, we did the right thing in not letting them use their powers when they were little. Each year, the light around them grows stronger and brighter. It was a good decision to make them work for what they want and to learn that there are consequences to everyday actions so that their understanding of the repercussions that could result from their utilizing their powers without thinking resulting in unwanted consequences is ingrained in them now. They would have been more susceptible to the temptations of the darkness if they were not developing into the wonderful and caring individuals that they are!”
 “But at least they would have been able to fight back, what if...”
 His fingertips touch my lips, silencing me. “Mia, I know that you are worried. I am too, but we have to have faith that their goodness and love will lead them home to us, the way it led you back to me all those years ago. If Jonathan is involved, he won’t kill them.”
 “What makes you so sure about that! He said he didn’t want them to die before their time.”
 “That may be what he said, but think about it, if he wants us to suffer most, he is going to want to turn them, not kill them.” As he utters the words, his facial features twist in agony.
 Kissing his fingertips, tears cascade down my cheeks. “Andrew we just need to find them. If you are correct and he won’t kill them, hopefully that will give us enough time. I don’t care what it takes but I will not let him keep them or let them suffer for being our children! If you say we should wait for Reginald, fine, but in the meantime, we need to get Emma here and see if there is any type of protection that we can have them utilize until we can reach them.”
 As he reaches for his phone, the realization of the children’s souls being stronger than ours crashes over me like an avalanche. I can’t breathe. This situation is not as before when I could bargain my essence. What could we bargain with to save them? With our children, Jonathan has four young souls who, if he can manipulate, would be very strong and powerful forces, two of which have celestial powers that could be used to bring carnage to this plane throughout eternity. We have nothing he could want more than that not even our suffering alongside him in hell would be worth giving them up. Turning them over to him will ensure that his past follies are not held against him and he will not only advance in the ranks of his army, but will enjoy the icing on the cake. He could watch us suffer knowing that he was the one who converted our children to serve the darkness. Even if he fails to turn them, his consolation prize is allowing the darkness to destroy them over and over again. 
My head spins wildly as I cannot escape the horrific images of my children consumed in the fiery abyss. I’m falling and feel my head crash against the corner of the table. As I regain consciousness, I feel Andrew’s cool fingers taking my pulse and the couch below me. Emma voice rings through the silence, she is speaking with someone on the telephone.
 “How are you feeling?” Andrew helps me sit up.
 “I’m sorry. How long have I been out?”
 “Just a few minutes” He kisses me on the head before heading toward the minibar. Returning, he hands me some juice. “Mia, we will find them! Reginald will be here soon. When Damian returns, Reginald wants Emma to tell you about a spell that may help the children.”
 “What do you mean may help them?” My eyes dart between the two of them.
 Emma moves toward me. “Do you remember when we grabbed Abigail how Reginald kept the demons back?”
 “Yes, but wasn’t that because we were in some type of other realm.”
 “No, the alternate realm had nothing to do with his being able to use the shield.” She hesitates but then her features turn stoic and she continues. “However, I think that you should know that it only works on demons, it acts as a barrier to them.”
 “Where’s Damian, if we could get them to do that spell at least he would not be able to get to them and drag them anywhere or hurt them!” My heart leaps as a spark of hope lights within me that they will not be lost to him.
 Emma sits before Andrew and I and I can now see that her eyes are full of concern. “Before we do anything, you have to understand what I’m telling you.” She speaks slow and deliberate. “This spell only works on demons. You said that you thought vampires had the children, if they are not also demons, the spell won’t work and it will reveal that they have powers.”
 “But Jonathan knows that they have powers. I’m sure that he has told them.”
 “Mia, all I’m saying is maybe if you could just hold on for a little while longer and try to wait for Reginald, we could see if we find Jonathan and we wouldn’t have to put the children in a position where they would have to try and do this.”
 From her tone, there is more. “What is it that you’re not telling me?”
 Her eyes bore into mine. “Mia, please don’t take this wrong, but I have this feeling that it is not Jonathan that has the children. I know that you said it’s him, you are their mother and I am not doubting your talents, it is just a feeling I have and I can’t really explain it other than there is something telling me that things are not adding up to what we fear. I also know that because of Jonathan’s warning and Reginald’s affection for you and Andrew that Reginald put very powerful spells on Jonathan’s energy so that he would know immediately when Jonathan returned to this plane. It just seems strange that he would not have known Jonathan was back even if he could block his energy, I believe that Reginald would have detected traces because he would have to corporealize first.”
 Knowing how preconceived notions have influenced past situations in my life, I sit mute desperately trying to detach myself from the situation as I rerun each and every detail in my head from the perspective of an observer rather than a terrified mother. Is there anything that confirms that Jonathan has them or could this be something else, a demon Andrew crossed in the centuries he’s occupied this plane?
 “Mia, I’m sorry, I don’t mean to upset you more. Reginald made me promise to tell you about the spell and I will. It’s just that I can’t seem to shake this feeling that it might do us more harm than good at the moment.”
 “You’re not making me more upset, I was just thinking about what you said.” Turning to Andrew, how much longer until Damian returns? 
 Getting out his phone, he calls him. “He’s five minutes out.”
 Turning back to Emma, “Will you channel with me again to protect Damian, he needs to tell the children…” Her jaw drops. “I’m not going to have him tell them the spell. I just want them to know that we are working very hard on finding them and to hold on to hope.” Her features relax slightly.
As hard as waiting is, I know she’s right, any hasty decisions could cause them more harm. We strived to teach them that despite their fears, they always need to try and think calmly and make good decisions, I have to do the same and not let my fears of Jonathan returning for his revenge cloud what is happening now. What if I’m wrong and some other enemy has them who is not aware of their powers and worth to the underworld, I could be placing them in more danger if they reveal their hand. Andrew is right they are very strong, smart, and caring children. Closing my eyes waiting for Damian, I pray that their goodness, strength, and wisdom beyond their young years will be enough to give us time to get to them.
 The door creeks and my opening eyes meet the strained facial features of Damian and Serena, their search turned up nothing. 
“Was there any indication at all near the site?” Andrew’s anguished voice reveals he knows the answer even before voicing the question.
 Walking across the room, Serena places her hand upon his shoulder as defeat rings from her words. “There are several farms and estates in the immediate area. We left the others still checking, but so far there is no trace of the children or the car.” As Andrew’s features darken, she strains to make her voice sound hopeful. “Some of the locals were going to follow the road further up. Don’t get discouraged yet, we’ll find them.”
 Damian sits next to me. “Are you ready to go again?”
 “I am and I need you to get a message to them if you are still willing.”
 Grasping my hand, “like I told you before, they are our family and I am ready to go whenever you are.” 
“Thank you.” 
 “You don’t have to thank me, I’m as anxious as you are to have them safe and at home with us. They bring joy not only to your life, but to ours as well and I will do anything to make sure that they are back at Sanctuary soon being tucked in their beds.”
 After telling Damian what I need him to say, I close my eyes in concentration and am surprised that the connection is almost instantaneous and hope that it means that I am getting better and not that the one I connected to is in greater danger! I hear a voice, but it’s not one of the children. Squeezing Emma’s hand, I hope she knows not to let Damian appear.
 The children are still feigning unconsciousness as two female voices ring close to them.
 “Alexandra, what are you doing still standing out here, why haven’t you left the food and joined the hunt?” The woman’s voice doesn’t sound angry, just curious. 
 “I was going to leave it, but then I became afraid. What if they regain consciousness and attack me when I remove their shackles so they can eat?”
 Laughter echoes all around me. “They are just children. From what Kristen told me, they aren’t even full vampires. I’m sure with your abilities you could take them out instantly if one of them even moves.
The girl interrupts. “Then David will kill me.”
“Alright, if it makes you feel better, I’ll go in with you and then we can both join the hunt, if you promise to share.” She laughs again.
 “I promise”
 The door creaks loudly. “See, they haven’t even come out of their stupors yet. Put the food down with the water, while I remove one shackle from each of them and then we’ll go.”
 The tray hits the floor and so do the chains. After another moment, the woman’s impatient voice bellows. “Come on, let’s go, I’m starving. We can check on them later and tie up their free hands.” The door slams. 
I have connected to Kayla whose fluttering eyes meet Jacob’s, Nicole’s and Nicholas’. Her stomach churns. As the smell of blood overtakes her senses, vomit spews across the room.
 “It’s alright Kayla, stop breathing through your nose. Breathe through your mouth.” Nicholas murmurs calmly.
 “Kayla take this and take small sips of water, you’ll feel better soon.” Nicole hands her some water.
 “What if they poisoned it, should we really drink or eat anything?” Kayla’s voice is fearful. 
 Jacob takes and examines the bottle. “The caps are sealed. They didn’t poison it. They want us alive. Besides, if they wanted us dead, I don’t think that they would bother with poison. If we don’t keep up our strength we will not be prepared for what might happen later or what we might have to do.”
 As she sips slowly, her stomach calms. “Thank you for covering the blood with the dish, it is much better now that I can’t really smell it anymore.” She says quietly.
 “I told you not to worry, we will be alright if we just do what we have always been taught and think before we let things get out of control around us. Can anyone loosen their remaining shackle?”
 The chains clink and bang against the hard floor before I hear a frustrated humph, which I know is Jacob before Nicholas’ frustrated tone overshadows the others grunts. “It’s no use, as old as they are, I can’t break it.”
 “Try to work on the ground connection, maybe we can get that lose.” Jacob replies.
 Nicole’s voice sounds extremely frustrated. “It won’t budge and inch, it has probably been wedged in here for centuries, why couldn’t it just be rusted through like some of the other ones.”
 “Nicole, it’s alright, we knew it probably wouldn’t work. Don’t waste all your strength on it. Eat and drink something. We just have to be patient and wait for our opportunity.” Jacob replies trying to calm her.
 Squeezing Emma’s hand to let her know to send Damian, I hear Kayla’s excited voice. “Uncle Damian your back!”
 “He can’t hear you Kayla, remember, he can only appear and give us messages.” I’m stunned that Nicole remembered. 
“Your mom is back and can feel and see what you do.” I hear him tell them about the spell to loosen the chains but when they try and fail, we know they have a spell that we are unable to decipher that is blocking our attempt. Squeezing Emma’s had twice, she alerts Damian to go into the alternative speech. “Although I can’t see you, I love you and we want you to know that we know you are being held in a dungeon. We are all looking very hard for you and have brought in some very powerful friends. Keep calm. You are doing such a good job at watching out for each other and thinking before you act. Listen as closely to everything around you as possible and try to remember as much as you can. Try not to reveal that you have powers, we are trying to find some spells that will help you. We are very proud of you for staying calm, we love you and I will try to let you know when your mother is with you.”



Chapter Four - A New Terror Emerges

 Faint footsteps echo from down the hall. Squeezing Emma’s hand, Damian disappears as one of the boys whispers “sh.”
 The quickening footsteps pass the doorway, as a blood-curdling scream sends adrenaline coursing through Kayla. “Who was that, do you think the person that just passed us was the one who screamed?”
 “I don’t think so. The scream came from that window.” All eyes turn to the window as another screams jolts her erratic heart.
 “Why are so many people screaming all of a sudden?” Nicholas’ voice is fraught with fear.
 Nichole’s strangled voice is barely audible. “You don’t think they could be chasing people, do you?”
 Jacob’s response reminds me of Andrew when he is trying to keep me calm, strained but monotone and authoritative. “I don’t think that they are like the vampires we know and love. I think they are the ones we were warned about. We are going to have to be very careful about what we say and do around them, we don’t want to get them upset or give them a reason to go after us. I don’t think that they brought us here for that. I think we are here for a different reason, so let’s not panic, but we really need to be careful and hopefully they can get to us or get something to help us before anything bad happens.”
 “I don’t think that we can just hope that they will find us in time, I think that we have to keep our eyes open for an opportunity to get out of here. These guys are dangerous and they seem a little crazy.” Nicholas’ rising voice sends a new wave of panic through Kayla.
 “I am not saying that we shouldn’t take an opportunity if we can, but I don’t think that we want to be out there now. If they are doing what we all fear, we don’t want to get mixed up in that. If it were their intention to do that to us right now, they would have released us and we would be running for our lives. All I’m saying is before we even consider doing anything, we should wait until they finish their...business.” As Jacob speaks, I hear traces of Andrew’s voice resonating in his words. His train of thought and diplomacy, especially for his age, stuns me. 
 I can feel their increased anxiety with each passing scream and echoing footstep thrashing through the deadened brush as I shift between them. Reaching Jacob, he is rigid, and stiff. I can feel him shutting himself down and everything out. 
“David told you when you are done with a body to throw it in the pit.” The woman from the car is screaming at someone.
 “Stop nagging all the time. I’ll clean up after I am satisfied and there is no one left to hunt. I won’t lose out on a well-deserved meal because I’m too busy cleaning up. We won’t get scavengers this late in the evening so close to the estate.”
 “If I were you, I would be more worried about David than scavengers. You know how he is when he thinks that he has someone else and then realizes that they have already been drained. Alexander is still angry that he was only able to find his hand and three fingers.”
 “That was over a thousand years ago, his temper has gotten better. Besides, I always fully drain them so that there’s no chance of a mistake.”
 “Well it’s your limbs if you are wrong. Good luck, I smell another one.” The screams are now distant.
 After a few moments, quickening footsteps are once again approaching and a man’s pleading voice is near the window. “Please spare the lives of my remaining children, let them leave. You must be satisfied by now. We have done nothing to you.”
 The children’s pounding hearts in my ears almost drown out the woman’s cold-hearted response. “This is not personal. It was just your time. You have enjoyed our hospitality these many years and served us well, but we are hungry and it was time to clear your house. Thank you for being so plentiful.”
 A loud, unearthly roar and the snapping of bones overwhelm Kayla’s senses as she vomits from unadulterated fear. 
 Another woman’s anxious and loud voice screams to the others as her hastening footsteps retreat. “Be careful hunting, the family has been infected by a werewolf. The father just killed Alexandra!” 
 The roaring continues as Kayla’s eyes dart past the bars, I see the onslaught of night. Nicholas and Nicole’s features are also frightened, but Jacob appears impassive or frozen as Kayla’s vision is clouded by tears. The roars and woman’s screams become fainter. 
 Nicholas’ anxiety rips through his hurried words. “Jacob we need to get out of here. Could that really be a werewolf?”
 “She has to be wrong, I can see the moon and it is not full. I thought that they could only come out on full moons.” From his monotone and detached manner, he is struggling to shut down to keep the others calm.
 Kayla’s voice sounds strangled. “Do they really exist?” 
 “Why can’t they exit, we do.” Nicole replies, the tension in her voice apparent.
 “What do we do if it comes down here? From the sounds of what it did to that vampire, we have no way to protect ourselves while chained to the floor!”
 I’m torn, I don’t want to leave them, but I have to alert the others. There must to be something that we can tell them, something that the children could do if that thing heads toward the dungeon. Opening my eyes, Emma is next to Andrew and Reginald. Jumping to my feet, the words fly from my mouth. “The vampires are hunting a family and ran into a werewolf! It attacked one of them right outside the dungeon, the kids are terrified!” Andrew places his arms around my shaking and collapsing body. “It was right outside of their window, what if it goes back for them!” 
 Andrew’s voice breaks. “You need to calm down.” Turning to Emma, “Is there anything that you can walk Mia and Damian through to help the children to protect themselves while Reginald sees if he can find any indication of Jonathan’s energy so that we can find the children?”
 A look passes between Reginald, Andrew and Emma as Emma grabs my hand leading me back to the circle with Damian. Joining hands, I hear her instructing Damian in a spell that the children could use to try and hide their scent from the werewolf.
 I interject. “Isn’t there a shield that they could use to ward off the werewolf?” 
 “Mia start to concentrate on the children to get Damian through quickly, I will walk him through this spell first and instruct him how to draw upon the energy around them to repel it. This spell will act similar to electrical jolts and will keep the werewolf away if it breaks through the other spell, but we need to do this quickly and they need to understand that the jolts are a short term solution and must be thrown consistently to keep it away.”
 Fighting through the utter fear overwhelming my senses as this new threat unfolds; I finally feel a beating heart. From the rigid muscles locking me stiffly in place, I know I’m with Jacob. The howls are becoming louder, closer. Damian’s quick words are trying to assure the children that we are tracing them as he begins instructing them in Emma’s spell. They quickly chant the words, repeating them like a mantra. 
 Despite the hurried footsteps around them, Damian remains instructing them regarding the use of the energy around them. I only hope no one hears him. He cannot get caught, if he does, there will be no way of communicating with the children. Hearing the jostling of the handle, I grab Emma’s hand as hard as I can and am relieved as Damian disappears but am unsure if he finished his instructions. 
Jacob mutters anxiously. “Whoever, it is, keep chanting the repellant spell quietly, but if they come in and we have to use the other one, let me do it. We don’t want them to know we all have powers. The less they know about us, the better we will be.”
 “What makes you think that?” Nicole’s replies quietly.
 His response is a mere whisper. “It’s just a strange feeling that keeps coming over me, but I don’t think that they are the threat that we think they are.” I’m shocked that his feeling is similar to Emma’s.
 “You do realize that we are locked up and mom and dad can’t find us right?” She retorts harshly.
 “I do realize that! I know that I am asking a lot, but something inside me keeps screaming that if we reveal too much we will be facing an even bigger threat, one that mom and dad can’t combat.”
 Kayla interrupts. “Jacob, if they know you have powers though, won’t it be dangerous for you and won’t they suspect that we have them too?”
 “They can suspect anything that they want, but probably wouldn’t do anything without making sure. I can handle myself so don’t worry about that.”
 Despite his young age, Jacob is just like his father, ready to take charge and do all he can to protect those around him. I am so proud of him and very scared for him. The opening door crashes against the wall and the children’s quickened heart beats become sonic booms.
 A familiar man’s voice beckons to someone. “Tell David, that the children are still here. Can I release them and make them food for the werewolf, it would be poetic justice, don’t you think, if it destroyed them, besides, they would make four more targets that it could be going after, giving each of us time to gather our weapons.”
 Jacob’s exceptional hearing registers the distant response. “Just grab your weapon and put the proper chain around the door to try and stop the werewolf from getting to them, David wants to torture their father first, maybe even have him listen to their screams. Once we catch the wolf, maybe your plan will be David’s implement of torture.”
 “Fine!” He retorts disgruntled.
 The door slams, chains jostle, and a shot rings through the cavernous dungeon. Did the vampire shoot the werewolf? Contemplating this, I realize I’m not even sure which side I hope is victorious because I do not know which side is more dangerous. Knowing Jacob will not reveal what only he heard, I’m relieved when I hear a distant howl, for the time being, the vampires are preoccupied with the werewolf, hopefully giving us time to trace their captures. When the shots continue to get fainter, I disconnect to the children, hoping that I will be met with good news. We have to find the children before the werewolf dies and they refocus their efforts.
 Opening my eyes, the look on Andrew’s face turns my blood cold. I can’t find the strength to get up off of the floor. He rushes to my side.
 “Andrew they are going to kill the children and let us hear their screams!” I sob.
 He embraces me tighter. “Mia, it won’t come to that, but I need you to stay calm about what I am going to tell you.” He’s straining harder to speak calmly than I have ever seen him.
 “You can’t find Jonathan, can you?” My deadened voice whispers through my quieting sobs. I know this and somehow Jacob did too. My body begins shutting down. We are back to ground zero with no hope of finding them.
 Reginald joins us. “Mia, Jonathan is not on this plane.”
 “He has to be, who else would want to kill our children to torture us? Maybe you just can’t trace him!”
 Reginald takes my hands. “Mia, it is not that the trace would act as a locator beacon to hone in on. It was a spell to tell me if he ever entered this plane again so we would be on alert and would then know to activate another spell which would help us if he were to ever get close to you again, but I assure you, that I would have known immediately when he entered this plane and he has not. I even did the location spell to ensure that there was no chance I was wrong.”
 “Then who has the children because whoever it is has a definite grudge against Andrew and thought that it would be ironic to let the werewolf kill the children, some sort of poetic type of justice.”
 “Did they say anything else that could give us a clue as to where they have the children or why they have a grudge against me?” Andrew rasps.
 I repeat everything I heard and tell Andrew about the weapons and my assumption that they must be on some type of compound because the woman was speaking about how this family enjoyed the hospitality of the hunting family and that it was now time to clear their house.
 “They must be on an estate.” Reginald jumps up returning to the map.
 Andrew helps me to my feet and over to the table.
 “What road did you see the car on?” Reginald inquires.
 Andrew points to the spot.
 Reginald hand glides north over the map. “There are a lot of estates scattered throughout this area. Let the others know that we will divide up the area.” He flips open his computer and types something in.
 As it’s computing, he looks up. “Andrew, were you ever in this area and did you ever have encounters with a family of vampires or trouble with werewolves? That might help us narrow down the search even more. From what Mia is saying, it had to be someone that you once came across and has a score to settle. From the sounds of it, they will contact you, but we should try to find the children before that. Once they contact you, it may be rather late in their game.”
 “Reginald, are you sure that it is not Jonathan, because truthfully, I have never been in this area. We were traveling when we were fighting, people got hurt and we have killed other vampires and demons, but no place even close to here, nor have we ever fought a family of vampires or a pack of wolves!”
 “Andrew, we would be wasting precious time looking for Jonathan. I assure you that at this moment, he is not on this plane, nor has he been since that night. I would have told you, believe me!” 
 The door opens and Gabriel, Martina, Eva and Jackson rush in. “I hear we have a lead and some places to check out,” Jackson notes walking over to the map. 
 Looking at Gabriel, I remember how helpful he was in helping me decipher things that I had observed in the past. I grab his hand, leading him over to the couch. “I am ready when you are.” He replies to my unspoken thoughts.
 After running through everything that I observed and heard, I feel him rise. Opening my eyes, he’s at the map. “Reginald, it has to be a fairly vast estate. They are very cunning and cold. They are using the people that they house as their food source. The estate is large enough for them to give the families’ time to have large families and spread out enough for the others to be unaware of what is going on, that’s why one of them was sent to get the entire family. It is a family of vampires and from the sounds of it, the way they hunt is brutal and terrifying for their victims. It is sport for them.” His tone is absolutely livid. 
 Worried looks flash between them before their eyes move to the computer. I join them. “There are only five estates in that area large enough to meet that criterion.” 
“Get the information to the others, we need to split up and cover the territory quickly.” Even Reginald’s voice is now strained.
 Moving me back into the circle, Reginald seems to be taking charge of the situation. “Mia, I need you and Damian to get another message to the children.” From the change in his features, something has struck him.
 “What’s wrong? Why do you look so worried?”
 “They are hunters who have had their food source compromised. They are going to be very agitated and are probably still be hungry. From the sounds of Gabriel’s description, they live for the hunt and the fear that they instill in their prey. Their preoccupation and Nicholas and Kayla’s proximity to Nicole and Jacob may have masked that they are human, but if they begin to focus on the children ...”
 My hand thrusts forward, inadvertently punching his mouth in my rush to stop his words. The images bombarding my mind overwhelm my senses, my body shakes violently considering what they could now face. Shaking me, he locks me into place. “Mia, you need to concentrate on connecting with the children as I am instructing Damian, we can’t let them detect that Nicholas and Kayla are not part vampires.”
 Andrew’s hands replace his on my shoulder; his voice is at my ear. “Mia, focus on the children and how much you love them and want to connect with them! Don’t let your fear interfere with what you need to do!” He can’t hide the utter fear in his voice, compelling me to move past my own. Grasping their picture, I place it in the middle and stare at their faces as I grab Emma and Damian’s hand. Reginald is instructing Damian, but I tune them out. I must reach the children quickly. As their angelic faces float through my mind, I soon hear the pounding of an overactive heart and feel the heat consuming my body as fear overtakes my mind.
The words I hear alert me that we are too late to send instructions. I drop Damian’s hand hoping to alert the others that we are too late and concentrate on what is happening in the dungeon.
 The man’s voice is rough and fast. “Let me take them now. You had your fill. I only got one before having to run off after the werewolf.”
 “Brother, you are as good as dead. You made the fatal mistake of allowing the werewolf close to you and now you will pay with your life.” He replies coldly. “It will not take long. Go upstairs and have a drink off of Sarah.”
 “She will not taste as good as these young, untouched morsels. Obviously they are not his and cannot be used in your plan to torture him. Would you deny me this one last treat before my impending demise?”
 “Brother, Sarah is a tasty treat for the dying and you may drain her, but these young things must be used in the hunt. Although two of them are not his, I detect something special about them, I can see that their aura is strong, besides we still have the problem of the werewolf, I can allow Lucas to hear their screams as we use them for bate to capture and kill the creature. Now go, I have plans.”
 “But what if the werewolf gets them first, then no one will have a tasty treat.”
 “If the wolf gets them first, it will be poetic justice. The plague that came back to kill our sister infects our land once more and maybe I will let it kill the loved ones of that which protected it and nurtured it so that it could come back to harm us. Either way brother, I win. Maybe I will even throw the werewolf in the dungeon with his real children and let him hear as his children are being ripped apart by the descendant of the one he saved. We must capture the creature first and see his method of killing, if it is too quick, it will not serve my purpose, but this is not your concern, go and have your last meal.”
 Jacob screams. “Take me! They can do nothing for you.” Then he quickly mouths the repellant spell.
 “Enough! You think that your little spells will work on me? I have had stronger forces than you come after me and no one has been able to touch me for thousands of years. You are my prisoner young one; you will not escape and will not be used until I want you.” His menacing voice is right at Jacob’s ear. “Kristen take them and release them a half of mile from the estate, take Alex with you and stay close to them, as they run, I am sure the werewolf will catch their scent, capture him and after they have served their purpose, you may feast.”
 Kayla and Nicholas scream and thrash about as Nicole and Jacob call for the vampires to take them instead. 
 I want to stay with the children, but have to let the others know what is happening. Opening my eyes, all the St. Clouds have returned. Gabriel is dragging Lucas to the map. “Lucas there is an estate where you must have visited or been...” Gabriel must have seen what I did.
 I interrupt before he can finish. “Lucas where is the estate of the family that transformed you!”
 His features turn stunned. “I don’t understand.” 
 “The ones who changed you have the children. They are hunting Nicholas and Kayla and using them as bait for a werewolf which they said you protected!” Hysteria laces my cracking voice as Lucas points to an area on the map. Andrew lifts me from the floor and I can feel his tension, he is going to snap and so am I. Gabriel moves to him, whispers something I cannot hear and Andrew begins rubbing my back, probably in hopes of calming my hysteria so that I can focus to tell them what is happening. 
 “I never protected a werewolf, though, are you sure it is them?”
 I nod and see Gabriel and Andrew’s eyes shift to the map. We are running to the cars as Reginald has me reiterate what I heard, including the names that were mentioned. From the dead look engulfing Lucas’ frozen features, I am correct. 
 As I slide into the passenger seat, Andrew thrusts the keys into Lucas’ hands while speaking quickly in an authoritative and determined voice. “Get her out there.” Turning to me, “Mia, I can travel faster with Gabriel on foot and will start with some of the others searching for the children. Try to connect with Nicole and Jacob.” His features shift as if something hit him. “Damian get in the car with her! Instruct them on how to turn themselves into animals, preferably some type of bird, have them follow Nicholas and Kayla and circle the area to make it easier for us to find them. Tell them to fly high once they find them.” Returning his focus to me, “I love you. Concentrate and we will find them before it is too late! Get them the message.” He flashes across the lot before the car even departs from its spot. 
 Damian, Emma, Reginald, Victor and I are in the car with Lucas racing through the streets. We are being followed by some of the other witches Reginald contacted to help us. He is barking instructions for when we reach the estate, as the car travels faster than possible. 
 Throwing myself in the back seat to make it easier to channel with Damian, I make a connection to Kayla immediately. She is being dragged over the deadened hard ground, quickly passing large trees and shrubs, while Nicholas is being dragged by a burly vampire right behind her. Fear and despair envelop her as tears veil her vision. My heart aches knowing I can’t stay with her, but I have to reach Jacob and Nicole. If they can somehow hone in on their cousins, it would make it easier for the others to find them quicker and every second counts. If they take flight, they will also be out of the dungeon and may stand a better chance of surviving this ordeal! 
 Sobs echo in my ears as I connect to Nicole. Jacob is trying to calm her down as he struggles pulling at his chains. I struggle to keep my connection while trying to simultaneously communicate back what I see and hear. With every second counting, I do not want to break my connection, but they need to know what is going on and I am hoping that if we can do it like this, Damian can be alerted and give them any additional information they need. Hopefully, he is not limited to sending information through his apparition that is decided only before he channeled. Everything is happening too quickly and I realize that for as much as we have learned since the children were born, there is still so much we don’t understand. 
 Damian’s commanding voice halts Jacob’s struggles. “Jacob, stop and listen to me. I need you and Nicole to concentrate. I need you to close your eyes and picture a small little field mouse like the ones that you saw running through the fields at Sanctuary. Picture their small frame, their soft brown hair, little ears, their eyes, and their long tail. Picture yourself as the small mouse. You need to picture each detail of the mouse over and over again and have a strong desire to be that mouse, to run like that mouse, to squeak like the mouse to have each cell in your being become that mouse. Concentrate very hard on becoming the mouse. Concentrate harder, if you become the mouse you can escape, but you have to want to be that mouse, that little tiny, furry creature that can run fast and scurry through the smallest of cracks. You want to be that mouse; you want to run like a little field mouse out of the dungeon.”
 After what seems like an eternity with Damian describing and coaxing the children, I hear a shackle hit the ground with a thud and Kayla screams. “Watch out!” A high pitched squeak responds and I feel Kayla’s elation. Jacob turned. Damian’s voice beckons to Kayla and I feel the change just before her shackle thuds. 
 Damian continues directing them. “Smell Nicholas and Kayla’s shackles and then use your sense of smell to find them, follow them. When you get close or hear them, concentrate on a hawk or eagle and take flight over your cousins. Circle around them, but do not attack their captures. We know the estate that you are on and are almost there. Remember, circle around them but do not attack, you will not be strong enough, especially in this state. No matter what, just keep circling them. Your father will be there shortly and so will we.”
 My connection to them is severed as Damian shakes me violently. “Mia, I’m sorry, but you can’t stay with them. They are too new to this that is why I had them concentrate on becoming field mice first. It is an easier state to transform to and maintain because they have less functions and less brain activity than when they are and animal in flight.
 “How do you know this and why would my staying with them be dangerous?” 
 “When we first learned what we could change to, we all found that it was easier to become the least complicated animal. As they run and become more comfortable within the field mouse, it will make them more accepting and then they can work on becoming the bird. However, as far as you staying with them, you need to understand that in this state, they are more aware or their surroundings and what is with them because they are using strictly animal instincts, your channeling with them may interfere with their concentration and they may involuntarily transform back into their human form somewhere they shouldn’t if they become distracted by feeling your presence. It’s just too dangerous.”
 Although I didn’t think they could feel me, he’s right, we can’t take the risk. Calling Andrew, I hear the wind whipping in the background. “Nicole and Jacob are field mice and are chasing Nicolas and Kayla, they will circle over them if they can become birds, but you have to get to them quickly, I could see Nicholas being dragged and I could smell their surroundings, it reeks of death and decay!”
 “We are hitting the perimeter now. We will get to them Mia and bring them home!” The telephone goes dead and I stare out at the quick moving road before us.
 As Lucas races through the countryside, pushing the needle beyond its limits and forcing the engine beyond its capabilities, Reginald chants probably ensuring that the vehicle moves beyond capacity. Lucas interrupts my reverie. “Mia, I don’t know what to say. I never thought that when we came here there could be any danger to you or the children. I haven’t been back here since that day. I never imagined that they could have held this type of grudge because I left Andrea. I don’t even know how they knew that I was back here. They hardly ever left the estate. Besides, it doesn’t make sense, why hurt your children to get back at me?”
 “Lucas, I don’t know how they found you, but they think that the children are yours and they are not seeking revenge because you left Andrea. I heard one of them say that you unleashed a werewolf plague upon them by saving someone and that the werewolf killed her.”
 “That doesn’t make any sense. I was only involved with one hunt, the one where I hid Elizabeth and ran. I didn’t save any werewolf. I only saved her. She was only a frightened little girl.” He inhales and errantly, I wonder if he remembers her scent to this day. “I didn’t unleash anything upon them. All I wanted to do was escape with Elizabeth and make sure that we were never found.”
 “Well the one who spoke blames you for a werewolf attack which killed Andrea and for whatever reason, this David thinks that our children are your children and is seeking revenge...” 
 Before I finish, Catherine’s ring tone fills the car. She went with Andrew, how did we get her phone? Lucas brings the telephone next to his ear.
 “David, yes it has been a very long time.”
 Reginald’s face freezes as he draws nearer to the telephone, probably wanting to catch every word uttered on the other end of the line. 
 “David please leave the children out of this, I’m sorry that Andrea got attacked by a werewolf, but I assure you that when I left that day I did not rescue a werewolf. I just couldn’t live the lifestyle that you had chosen.” Despite straining to speak diplomatically, his desperation rings through his tone. He is silent. 
 “I am not passing judgment on your hunting habits, it just wasn’t for me, but I assure you that when I left, I never meant you any harm, nor did I rescue anything that would come back and hunt her down.”
 He inhales deeply, probably fighting to calm himself. “David, yes I will admit that I took a child with me, but I assure you that she was no werewolf. She was just a frightened little girl who didn’t want to die and I couldn’t feed upon her. Please David, let the children go, they are not...”
 Before he could finish, Reginald clamps his hand hard over Lucas’ mouth, frantically moving around searching for something. Emma rips a piece of paper out of her purse and hand it to him with a pen. Quickly scrawling something on it, I read it as he holds it before Lucas - Don’t tell him they are not yours. He will have no reason to keep them alive and will kill them immediately. As the words register, my body goes numb and my breathing turns to hyperventilating. Emma clamps her hand over my mouth, probably so David cannot hear my reaction.
 “David, please don’t hurt the children, they have done nothing to you, if you want to take this out on someone, I will come to you, just tell me where you are and you can have your revenge upon me. Please David, I swear to you Elizabeth was not a werewolf and I did nothing to hurt your family, so I am begging you, please let the children go.”
 Reginald and Lucas’ features harden in anger. Then Lucas’ tone turns cold. I had never heard his voice sound so devoid of life before. “Yes I can hear them scream. I’m sorry that your sister sounded like that when the wolf was ripping at her. I’m sorry that you had to hear and witness that, but David, it was not the little girl that I rescued that did that to her, she...was...human. I left her with her new human family and then I left so that she could try to piece together a normal existence. I did nothing to hurt your family. I mean you no harm, the children mean you no harm and I am willing to turn myself over to you if you will just please let the children go!”
 I can’t stand not knowing what is happening to the children any longer. Knowing what Damian said about channeling with Jacob and Nicole, I instead focus on Nicholas and Kayla. Maybe if I can see their surroundings I can help Andrew find them even if Nicole and Jacob could not transform themselves into birds. Concentrating only on Nicholas and Kayla, I force myself to tune out the conversation between David and Lucas because the fear and anger that the conversation is evoking within every cell of my being is interfering with my connecting to the children. I am more aware at how quickly my body is moving and at first I am unsure of whether it is the car or the children, but then I see Kayla being thrown to the ground. Nicholas’ heart rate spikes as his panic at the situation unfolding around them overtakes him. The cold hard ground meets my falling body as pain radiates throughout my being. Choking on the dust caught in my throat, I hear a woman screaming. “I’m sure you can see that we are faster and much stronger than you. If you move from this spot, we will crack your spine and feast upon your dying corpse while the other one remains bate for the werewolf. Fear cripples his senses and as he shuts down, he casts me out. As my eyes flutter open, I see Reginald is driving. Lucas is gone. 
 “Where’s Lucas?”
 For the first time since I’ve known him, Reginald’s voice is livid and strained as he forces the words past his taught lips. “He jumped out of the car. He is probably crossing the outer grounds now and we will be there momentarily. What did you see or hear?”
 Unfettered sobs rip through my chest as my dejected and dead voice recounts the woman’s words. “They threatened to snap the children’s necks if they move and feed off of their bodies. We need to find them, they are terrified and in the hands of monsters, worse than any demon or creature that we have ever encountered. Reginald please you need to hurry, we have to get to them; they are running out of time, I can feel it!” My tone turns into a hysterical, pleading, squeal.
 “Mia, I need you to calm down. Did you see anything that could help us? We are entering the forest surrounding the grounds now.”
 “They were surrounded by trees and in the middle of cold ground, but there was nothing special about the area.”
 “Mia, you need to reconnect with them and look around for anything that may give us a clue as to where they are. Give Emma your telephone so that she can call Andrew and see if he found anything. From the looks of the surrounding grounds, we are not going to be able to drive much further, we may have to ditch the cars and begin traveling on foot. We don’t want them knowing we are here and hasten their plans. Try to connect with them one more time, see if there is anything at all that can give us a clue. See if Nicole and Jacob have been able to find them while Emma calls Andrew to see if Jacob and Nicole took flight.”
 The thought of Nicole and Jacob getting close to these monsters that already have hold of Nicholas and Kayla cast unbridled terror throughout my very being. I desperately fight to grab hold of my free falling world to concentrate on connecting to Nicholas or Kayla. Fear rips through me as the minutes click by without a connection. As I drift between the car and a fleeting connection, I hear the faint echoes of Emma’s voice pleading with Andrew not to panic. 
 I hear the faint echoes of her voice as I forge forward. “Nicole and Jacob may not be flying high enough or maybe they have not transformed yet. See if you can get Nicholas or Kayla’s scent, but remember the wind is blowing west to east so if you do get the scent, stay focused...”
 Her voice fades completely as the wolf’s howling surrounds me. As the howling gets closer, more menacing, their fear spikes, I focus on the hyperactive heart beating, praying I do not lose my connection. 
Nicholas screams. “Kayla, watch out!” She is running. 
A voice I recognize as Kristen’s is yelling for Alex to shoot him. 
I’m falling and stunned to hear Jacob’s anguished voice. “Come after me, you don’t want her, I’m what you want.” 
A crash echoes off the trees, followed by an anguished howling. Did someone shoot the wolf? 
Damian’s hurried voice shocks me, almost causing me to lose my connection. I wasn’t aware he channeled with me or that I was telling the others what was happening, but his warning voice is loud and clear. “Jacob, run and turn into the mouse or bird! If the wolf bites you, you will die because you are part vampire. Leave now and do what I instructed you earlier, go!”
 Kayla is in my view and I realize I unknowingly shifted from her to Nicholas. She rises, shouting. “Jacob, watch out he is right behind you.” I’m moving and thrusting myself in the air. All of a sudden, something clamps my shoulder, intense pain shoots throughout my system, breaking contact with Nicholas.
 Opening my eyes, Damian is gripping my hands. “Mia, what happened, did the wolf bite Jacob?” His voice reflects his utter terror.
 Struggling to force the words beyond my constricted airway, they are barely a whisper. “No, Nicholas threw himself at Jacob knocking him out of the way. It bit Nicholas on the shoulder! What’s going to happen to him? Is he going to die? I heard your warning to Jacob.” Tears veil my eyes, streaming down my face as Damian grabs my arms, shaking me.
 “Mia, you need to get back to the children, now! I need to tell Jacob how to save him!”
 “Is that possible?”
 “Yes, but you need to get me back there now!” He shouts.
 I close my eyes, focusing only on Jacob and hoping he hasn’t transformed yet. Feeling the tears streaming down my face and utter desolation as he mutters blaming himself, I know I am with him. 
Nicole’s arms are wrapped around him, “Jacob they were trying to protect you, but we need to go back to them and do what we can.”
 “They are both laying there dying because of me! I didn’t listen and now ...” A shot and angry howl becoming fainter by the second interrupts him.
“This is our chance,” Nicole states quickly, “we have to get them and run! We can drag them, but we have to get them away from the others, I saw the wolf knock down the two vampires, they are laying there, I don’t think that they are dead, but maybe we can outrun them, let’s go.”
 Nicholas and Kayla’s moaning becomes clearer as Jacob and Nicole reach them. The children struggle as they drag their cousins through the thick brush. “Nicholas why did you do that, you should have just let the wolf take me. I’m so sorry, I never meant for you to get hurt.”
 Nicholas gasps through his agonizing moans and his voice sounds strained. “It would have killed you, I couldn’t let that...”
 Before he can finish, Kristen is yelling to Alex to get up. “They are getting away.”
My senses are shifting uncontrollably as excruciating pain pierces through me along with the struggling, I can’t tell who I am connected to as growls and yells seem to be coming from every direction. Never have I experienced such turbulence. 
 As the sounds become more distinguishable, I realize that there is more than one wolf howling! My own terror turning my blood to shards of ice threatens to break my connection and I can feel Damian and Emma gripping my hands in hopes that I can hold on. Someone gasps as the crunching of bones echoes off the trees, but I do not feel any additional pain. 
 Kayla’s anguished scream makes whomever I’m connected to jump as I grip my connection tighter. “Move faster, the wolves just killed the vampires! They turned to dust and disappeared, they are probably coming after us next! Run!”
 A second later, Nicholas’ weakened voice offers some hope. “They’re retreating, they are not following us.” 
I didn’t realize that I was conveying back what was happening, until Damian’s commanding voice rings out. “Jacob, stop running, you have to cure the wolf bites.”
 All movement stops as Jacob’s impassioned plea reaches me. “How can I cure the bite, is there a spell?”
 “He can’t hear you remember.” Nicole says winded.
 “Then how does he know what’s going on?”
 Nicholas whispers, “Mom must be telling him, remember he said she could feel us, maybe she can hear us as well.”
 Jacob’s desperate plea tears at my heart. “Mom, please tell me how to cure this, it’s all my fault, they can’t die because of me! Help me please! Mom!”
 I so desperately want to tell him that I am with him. I’m surprised that Damian even knows how Andrew cures people to instruct them. Damian instructs the children in a calm and authoritative voice, speaking very slowly, deliberately.
 “Jacob, Nicole, put your hands on their bites and concentrate as hard as you possibly can on the energy that flows in you to cure those around you. You must be careful, the ailments that you cure, make you weak and because this is a bite from a wolf which could kill you, the minute you see the wounds around them closing and healing, you must cast aside what is flowing through you so it does not become a part of you and impair you. Go slowly and concentrate on only the wounds. Nicholas, Kayla when you feel their touch change from cold to the heat passing through you in the infected area, tell them, so that they can get ready to release the hold. Once the healing energy is flowing through you, it can work on its own in conjunction with this spell.” 
 Then he repeats the words Emma told me once about how to help heal wounds which I incurred. 
 “Once you repeat this spell several times and you can see the change in the wound, Jacob and Nicole, you must concentrate on dispelling the energy flowing through you immediately, you cannot let it grab hold of you or flow through you, it must stay contained in your healing hands, you must act quickly. Think of it as a ball and throw it out as if you’re pitching. It will weaken you. Remember what I said, I’m on my way, I need to break the connection, I can smell you.
 I hear a lot of activity around the children and know that this is going to be very dangerous for all of them. I want to stay with them, but if I do, I will not be able to move and if Damian smells them, we must be close. Maybe if I can reach them too, I can be more helpful. Everyone is leaping from the stopped vehicle as my eyes flutter open.
 Running through the trees, I hear Emma yelling to Reginald.
 “Yes, I still feel his essence; we can follow him this way. Let’s go!”
 Knowing that Reginald is tracing Damian, I focus on he and Emma. The continuous channeling has made me slower so I concentrate on their voices hoping they will continue yelling, instead of calling for them to wait, they need to reach the children as quickly as possible. 
 Lucas runs across me. Grabbing my hand, I shake it off. “No, you need to go and get Andrew, Nicholas and Kayla have been bitten by the werewolf and Jacob and Nicole are trying to cure them, but they can all be lost if they do something wrong! You need to find Andrew and get him to them, please. I’m fine.”
 “Mia, it’s dangerous for you to be out here alone, we don’t know if they have stopped hunting and there is more than one wolf.” 
 “Please, I’m fine, you need to get Andrew, everyone else is going towards the kids, but he needs to be with them now.” I grab Lucas’ arms. “If they don’t do this right, I could lose them all, go!”
 Giving me one last look, he pulls out his telephone and speeds off. Forging through the underbrush, I pray the others have reached the children and that Lucas leads Andrew to them quickly.
 I hear familiar voices ahead. Quickening my pace, I am stopped dead in my tracks as two blood, thirty vampires emerge from the nearby trees.
 Backing up, I struggle to gather the energy around me to repel them. Flicking my hands forward, I’m shocked that in my weakened state, they are thrust back. Knowing that each time I flick my wrists, I feel weaker, I focus on sending them back as far as I can as Reginald’s voice cuts through the trees. Taking a step forward, I am about to yell out to him but something grabs me from behind, dragging me backwards quickly. It covers my mouth so I cannot scream. Struggling to get my hands free in hopes of repelling the two vampires running toward me, their eyes turn fiercer and I know I’m in trouble. In another moment, I’ll be too far away for anyone to hear me. Thrusting my head into my capture, it stumbles and I scream for help, unsure whether anyone hears me. As we fall toward the ground, I cast the repellant spell hoping for time to get my shield around me. 
 This time, only one of the vampires, the woman is repelled. Continuing forward, the man flicks his hand and I’m careening across the grass, my body slamming into a tree is the only thing that stops me. Pain radiates from my head throughout my entire being as the world becomes a long blackening tunnel.
 As darkness surrounds me like rolling fog surrounding the shore, the male’s voice pierces my waning consciousness. “She is covered in his stench. This must be his wife. You have lost the children, do you think that you can do something right with her or must I do everything myself?”
 The woman’s urethral voice drifts through the mist clouding my every thought. “I can do this, walk me through it and I guarantee you that I will fool them all, get to the children we lost here, and whatever ones he has at home, I will get to his family and then ensure as he lay dying that he knows it is our family that brought about the demise of his for the plague that he unleashed upon us. I will not fail you.”
 “You had better not. If you do, I will kill you myself and I promise you it will be slow and special.” The menace in his voice makes it perfectly clear that he is not only the leader, but the fiercest and most dangerous of the group. I smell the pool of my blood forming from the gash in my head and feel the sticky substance dripping down my ear and cheek. Someone grabs me by the shoulders, lifting them off the ground. Suddenly, sharp teeth pierce my clavicle, pushing me through the fog and I scream. 
The man’s voice bellows to the woman. “Bite her now, she is a delectable untouched morsel and you will have her scent and then I can transform you to look like her. Do not fail me Marlena.”
 “You know I have never failed you.”
 Excruciating pain rips through me as her teeth sink deep into my neck. I can feel my life force draining with each passing moment that her lips are upon me. Despite the immortality spell, Andrew’s warning so many years ago rings in my ears warning me that if my head and heart are injured beyond repair, my physical body will fail and I know that this, along with my head injury could forever stop my heart, releasing my essence into the atmosphere. As the darkening tunnel enshrouds me once more, at least its walls are filled with the wondrous images of my children, Andrew and all the special moments that we were blessed to share. As I drift, I feel the love that Andrew’s light and gentle touch brought to my existence cocoon me. I only hope that he is in time to ensure that the best part of me, our children, goes on. As my heart beats slow and my conscious takes it final dip before descending into the darkened abyss, I send out one fleeting hope that he and the children will always feel my life force surrounding them, then my world becomes silent and black. 

Chapter Five - In The Hands Of Wolves

 Unsure of how long I have floated in my darkened abyss excruciating pain awakens me and I slowly become aware that it is not death holding me and moving me forward. I can feel my eyes fluttering, but I cannot see past the blackness which veils my vision. I am aware of the cool, damp atmosphere surrounding me. The pain in my head has not ceased, but my thoughts become clearer as I realize the impact with the tree blinded me. I can’t help but wonder if this will be permanent. As my thoughts return to my surroundings, I become aware of heat emanating from something furry wrapped around my arms and grasping my legs. My heart races as I realize I am in the arms of the werewolf! Struggling to fall free of its grasp, the pain in my head explodes, my heart races and my neck begins throbbing. I can feel my hot, sticky blood oozing from the gash in my head and from the bite on my neck.
 “Please stop struggling, you’ve lost too much blood already and will only make it that much harder for us to help you.” A calm, quiet, male voice whispers close to my ear, his tone lacks the menace and ferocity of my previous captures.
 Fighting to speak, my voice is barely a whisper. “Who are you?”
 “Please don’t speak until we can take care of the bite, you will use up too much energy and you need as much as you can gather to try and heal. My name is Grant.”
 I struggle again. “Why are you...”
 “Please stop struggling and talking, from the look of the puddle that surrounded you and the bites on your neck, you have already lost too much blood and we have a long way to travel. I mean you no harm and we meant your children no harm. It was a terrible situation. Tyler and Cary thought they were with the others trying to hurt me.”
 “How ...”
 “Please just think your questions and I will be happy to answer them, but please, every time you speak, the muscles in your neck contract and you spurt out more blood. Please stop or we won’t be able to save you.”
 Concentrating on slowing down my heart rate, I feel the escaping blood from my neck and head slow to a trickle and begin to think my questions. “Please tell me, do you know if my children made it, did their father find them?”
 “I was with you children when the others found them. I believe someone brought your husband to them moments later, but your son, Jacob, had already done a fine job in curing Nicholas and dispelling the wolf venom from himself. Your daughter, however, she saved Kayla, but your husband had to work on her, she was not able to dispel the venom fast enough and some of it touched her system.”
 Panic rips through me as I consider that Nicole may be dying. Before I even form the question, Grant is at my ear. “Please relax, your husband was working on her and I could hear him tell the others that she was going to be fine, she only needed to relax and so do you. The more anxious you get, the more your heart pumps and more blood escapes.” 
 “Are you sure he said she would be fine? Please I need to know the truth.”
 “I have no reason to lie to you. I know what I heard him say, he even told one of the witches that their spell was unnecessary and that he was confident that she was healing. Before I left, they were moving her and the other children to the cars so that they could find you.”
 “Why did you take me then? Why didn’t you just take me to my family or let them know where I was?”
 “I’m sorry, I couldn’t do that, Marlena had already become you and was moving toward your family with the others. I heard them giving the coordinates to the rest of their family and knew that they were closing in on them. I couldn’t risk taking you to them. Your children were recovering, you are hurt, some of your party was hurt and in my condition, I would have lost the rest of my pack and my family. David and his family are too plentiful and strong. I’m sure that in the confusion and hesitation, your family would have been severely impaired as well. I only hope that they stuck to the plan of letting Marlena join them to learn if you had other children. They wanted to ensure they took all of you out. Otherwise, I hope your family was fast enough to avoid the entourage that was heading their way.”
 As fear grips my heart, I concentrate on shutting down my emotions. I don’t want to bleed to death before I can reach them or channel again and know that they are alright. 
 Without realizing, I become conscious of his fur again and an unbidden question comes to mind. “Are you the wolf that I heard with the children?”
 “Yes, I’m the one the others were trying to capture using your children as bate, but I was never going to attack them. I could tell that they were the ones being held in the dungeon. I got a glimpse of them when I was outside the window and caught their scent. I was going after the ones who were with them, but then the situation got out of my control, I was shot and my pack saw that I was going to be attacked again and they began attacking everyone that was close to me in the confusion. I am very sorry that your children got hurt.”
 “How did you know that they were my children?”
 “At first, all I could tell was that they were related to you because of the similar scent that I got around you and them, but then when I lifted you, I could hear you fleeting thoughts about how much you loved them and hoped they would be safe in with their father. Only a mother would think of her children that way as she thought she was dying.”
 I remember what I had heard him say outside of the dungeon window. “I’m sorry about your family, did any of them survive?”
 His voice turns extremely sad and quiet. “Yes, my eldest son and two daughters survived, but my other four children and my wife perished. We should have never gotten ourselves caught like that, our job was to monitor, observe and calculate the best way to attack this family. It is all my fault, I should have never put them in such a position. They thought they could control their transformation and they were doing very well, I should have seen that they were not yet ready and that extreme emotions and fear would impair their ability. If only...” His voice breaks as sobs rip from his chest.
 “I am so sorry that you lost your family. Maybe you should put me down if you need to search for your other children to make sure that they escaped.”
 “They are traveling with us.”
 Concentrating on the sounds around me, I can barely hear his footsteps. 
 My concentration is interrupted by Grant’s soft voice. “You must be a very powerful witch to repel David. No one has ever been able to make him budge and I have never seen witches who could change into animals before, yet I saw your son go from a mouse to human. I was shocked when this little mouse next to me all of a sudden transformed into a young man trying to goad me to go after him. His transformation caught us all off guard and made my pack nervous and reckless. You have to understand, we just lost some of our family, I was shot and only I knew that your children were being held and were not a part of David’s group.”
 “I just hope that they got out of here. Thank you for staying and letting me know that their father reached them, but I have to ask, why did you stay, if it was dangerous?”
 “I couldn’t just leave them there. We had already lost too many young ones because of this family. I could hear your friends moving through the trees and something inside of me, probably the father in me, needed to know that someone had reached them, that we had not caused their death.”
 “Thank you.”
 “How badly are you hurt? Put me down, I can walk.”
 “You can’t walk, trust me, you would not have enough energy after losing that much blood and I am already healed.”
 I could feel his hot breath upon my ear now. “I have to stop talking now. I can hear them.”
 From his anxious whisper, I know he is not talking about hearing my family, he hears them. “Maybe you should just leave me, I know that I’m slowing you down and they are probably trailing you because they smell my blood.”
 Without another word, he grasps me tighter to his chest as he picks up our pace. Several angry snarls are now surrounding us as quickening, heavy footsteps approach us from behind. One of the wolves howls in pain. The others growl fiercely. A thud and the quick crunching of bones makes me jump as Grant picks up the pace. Unable to see, I can’t even help by throwing a repellant spell because all I would probably accomplish is hitting one of the wolves. Trying to force myself to shut down in hopes of slowing the escaping blood, I also try to use the healing spell. I can’t help but wonder if they will still be able to trace even the slightest trickle, considering how old and powerful they must be.
 “Grant you need to put me down, they are following you because they can smell me. You do not need to lose anyone else in your family!” I know what pain the thought of anything happening to my children causes me. I cannot be the reason for this creature to lose any more of his family.
 “Please stop thinking such thoughts, we will be in our territory momentarily, they will not dare to follow us there, we are also plentiful and I do not think that they want a war at this time.”
 Traveling in his arms, I try to channel and connect to the children, but my weakened state makes it impossible. At least I hope that it is my condition and not that the children... I immediately halt that thought as my heart rate spikes.
 “What are you trying to do?” He whispers curiously.
 “I’m trying to feel if my children are alright.”
 “How can you do that?”
 “Sometimes, when I concentrate very hard, I can feel their energy, but I can’t feel it now.”
 “I don’t think that your children are dead. Your spouse spoke confidently that they would be fine and there seemed to be a lot of witches and vampires that belonged with you in the woods as well. I’m sure that they got out. Once you’re stronger, I’m sure that you can sense them again.”
 “How do you know this?” I figure since he is talking again and our pace seems less rushed, we must have crossed some line.
 “We could hear your friends trying to find the children. We can easily smell vampires and I could hear the spells trying to trace your children being cast. I wasn’t too difficult to figure out what was going on. I am surprised that your children were brought there to hunt, they were not part of any family that was on the estate, we never had their scent before and the story is that this family only goes after one household at a time. I don’t understand why they would change their pattern after so many centuries.”
 Despite not knowing him or being able to see him, my instincts tell me he is not bad, nor is he deceptive in nature. “They didn’t capture my children to hunt them; they were under a misapprehension as to my children’s identity. They have never been on this estate before, nor did we even know of this family.”
 He interrupts. “That is not entirely true. Someone knew them, one of my members heard them arguing over this fact.”
 “I’m sorry, I should clarify. My spouse and my children never had any contact with this family, our only knowledge of them is from my brother-in-law who was on this estate centuries ago and had run away. The family blames him for saving a child which they claim was one like you, but she was not and they were seeking revenge against my children because they thought that my children were his.”
 As my words escape, I can’t understand why I am telling him this or actually thinking this, but there is something compelling me to reveal this information to him.
 “This person who ran away, was he a witch like you?”
 “No he was a vampire. Actually, when he came to their estate he was a human, but when he left, he was a vampire.”
 “Would you mind telling me what else you know about this vampire?”
 “I can tell you that his nature is good and helping. He ran from here because he did not know when he became involved with Andrea, what she and her family are capable of. When he learned of what they were, and I don’t mean just vampires, I mean the barbaric, hunting creatures that they are, he ran.”
 “You said that they blamed him for taking someone with him, do you know about the one he took with him?”
 “He told me that it was a young girl, Elizabeth, who was with the family that they were hunting that night. He escaped with her. He said that they kept moving until they reached France and a small estate that was owned by distant relatives. They hid for the rest of the winter in a cabin until Elizabeth began living with a woman they met. He hadn’t returned here until recently and never heard from this family until my children were taken and David contacted Lucas to let him know that they were going to kill my children as revenge for some werewolf plague that Lucas unleashed upon their estate by saving one of you, but Lucas never saved anyone but the little girl.”
 “You’re partially correct.”
 “I don’t understand.”
 “Your Lucas did save someone that night, but she was not just a girl. She was from a strong family of werewolves.”
 I gasp and feel blood gush from my neck. “Lucas said that she was just a frightened, little girl, he wouldn’t lie about something like that.”
 “Lucas didn’t lie to you.”
 Now I am really confused. “I don’t understand, either he lied and she was a werewolf or he didn’t lie and she was a little girl.”
 “At the time that Lucas rescued her, he was correct; Elizabeth was just a little girl. However, when she reached the age of twenty-one her conversion began and she became a very powerful werewolf because of this family.”
 The more he speaks, the more confused I become. “I don’t understand, how could she be a werewolf and Lucas not know that and how could this family have made her more powerful?”
 “Each natural werewolf is born with the gene to begin the transformation, but it remains dormant until we reach our twenty-first birthday. Thereafter, on the first full moon, our first transformation begins and we are forever frozen at that age. However, whenever one of us dies, his or her powers get transferred to the weakest in the family line. In the case of Elizabeth, her entire family was murdered and she was the only survivor so all of their power transferred to her even though it lay dormant until her first transformation. Since she was too young to ever transform when Lucas rescued her and when he left, he would have never been able to detect what she would become. You can only detect us after the first transformation. It is a good thing that he never bit her because his bite would have killed her within days.”
 “I don’t understand, I thought I heard that a werewolf bite was deadly for a vampire, not the other way around.”
 “It works both ways, I guess it’s natures’ way of keeping the balance among its mythical creatures.” He chuckles slightly.
 “How do you know so much about Elizabeth?”
 “Her story is famous among our kind. She is the descendant of a werewolf which is the ancestor to most of us here. Not to mention a werewolf being rescued by a vampire, in our region they are natural enemies. Although I hear in your country, some have actually learned to work together. Elizabeth is the reason that our kind knows about this family. We have spent centuries trying to destroy them, but we can never seem to cut off the head. Although we have gotten some of their family, they barely leave the estate area and for each one we have managed to get over the years, their sire makes ten more. They are one of the oldest, most powerful vampire families in existence that we are aware and also one of the most barbaric. I have even heard rumors that David, the one who heads the family has been bitten before and was unaffected. Other rumors say that he also has the power of the witches, but I don’t see how that could be possible, we are sure that he is a vampire.”
 “He can be both.”
 Grant stumbles and halts. “That can’t be!”
 “It is possible for a vampire to be both, I know this first hand. If David first embraced the gifts of wizardry and mastered his talents before being transformed into a vampire, he can have the gifts and powers of both realms.”
 “Do you know someone like this and how to stop someone that powerful?”
 “I do know someone who is both, but he strives to help others and bring those who fight against dark forces together so that they can be stronger, we have never considered trying to stop him.”
 We still aren’t moving. “Are we at our destination?”
 “No, your revelation surprised me and I just got word that some of my pack who fell behind in the escape are on their way with information, they should be here momentarily and then we can get started again.”
 “When we reach there, can you help me contact my family so I can let them know where I am?”
 “I’m sure that won’t be a problem.”
 After several moments, even though no words are spoken, I feel Grant’s muscles tightening and his posture turns rigid, reminding me of when Andrew becomes nervous or tries to control his anger. After what feels like an eternity, we are moving faster than ever before. “What’s wrong?”
 “We need to get back to the others.”
 For the first time, I can hear their quickened footsteps along with several grunts and growls. Although I plead with Grant to tell me what’s wrong, his only response seems evasive. He’s holding something back, but without my sight and without my family, I am in no position to push.
 “We need to get back and meet up with the others. We can arrive much faster, if I only concentrate on running.”
 After running hard for I don’t know how long, he stops and places me upon something soft. 
 “Who is she and what happened?” A female voice inquires.
“She was on the estate looking for her children when David and Marlena attacked her.” He drops his voice to a whisper and I’m surprised I can still hear him. “She is a very powerful witch, she knocked David down and she has information.” His voice returns to normal. “Marlena bit her and now she looks like her and is returning with her family.”
 The woman’s boisterous response makes me jump. “They have never done that before are you telling me that they have transformation powers now! That can’t be! Do you know what that means! How did this happen! Did she change her?”
 “No it wasn’t her; Amelia you are not thinking. Why would she change that monster and send her back with her family?”
 “Maybe she is a plant, maybe they knew she would be rescued and they sent her here to destroy us!”
 “Amelia, she is not here because she is a plant. After she threw David down in an attempt to get away from him and get to her children, he threw her against a tree and then he and Marlena bit her because they have some sort of score to settle against her family. They captured her children, tried to use them as bate to trap us and then tried to kill them because they thought that her children belonged to her brother-in-law. Her brother-in-law is the one who saved Elizabeth.”
 I hear Amelia’s gasp.
 Straightening myself, I interrupt. “Please, can I call my family?”
 Grant softens his voice and is now near me. “I’m sorry, please try not to speak, let us get you bandaged and cleaned up first.”
 I could feel a very warm set of hands on my neck. “You are still bleeding pretty bad when you talk. I’m sorry about Amelia. She is my sister and has always been suspicious about strangers. She is also distraught over what happened.”
 “How does she know?”
 “Some of ours ran ahead to inform the others that we were on our way and what had happened.” A warm cloth is being pressed gently against my neck washing the wound and then my head. “This may sting slightly, but it will help.” I pierce my lips as the solution burns against the open skin before feeling bandages being placed over the areas. His hands are warm but I no longer detect the fur. 
 I didn’t realize that I was thinking that until he responded. “I changed back when we entered the house.”
 “You can do that? I thought that you were ruled by the full moon and didn’t change back until the morning. Is it already morning?”
 “No not yet.”
 “Then how can you...I thought that you transforming back required the sunlight.”
 “For most werewolves you are correct, however, last century I came across a witch who was very knowledgeable about our kind and knew of an ancient spell that allows our kind to transform at will. Everyone thought that she was delusional, but there was just something about what she said that made me think that this was possible and if it was, that meant that we would no longer be tied to an involuntary transformation, we would no longer be vulnerable in our human form and only powerful when the full moon was out. I allowed her to try the spell on me. She promised that she would return in a few years and that if the others trusted her then, she would help our pack. She hated the darkness that surrounded this area, she had come across Elizabeth who had told her of the family and this witch too had a score to settle with them. I believe that someone related to her had been touched by their evil doings making her all too happy to see that others who wanted to take them out.” He pauses momentarily and then continues.
 At first, my transformations were not at my will, but had occurred at random. After a while, however, I was able to master the transformations, but I was the only one of my kind who could. I thought that because I mastered her teachings on what to do, I could teach the others, but then realized it was because of the spell and charm that she had provided to me. I thought I would be alone in this and worried that she would not return as promised, but years later, she returned and gave this gift to my entire pack, she returns ever few years to continue to bestow the gift on our children.”
 ”That’s remarkable, but if you don’t mind my asking, how did all of this come about. I understand that you said that her family was also touched by this family, but how did you meet up?”
 “She crossed into our territory one evening during a full moon and I nearly took her out. She had just escaped from them and so their scent was all over her. I thought that she was one of them and was about to attack when she threw herself onto the ground and begged me to listen before I attacked. Leaping at her with my mouth open, something told me not to bite her. It was only about thirty minutes to sunrise so we stayed in the woods and then she showed me that she was not a vampire at all or tied to that family. She also confirmed all of the stories that Elizabeth had told us about this family hunting families and she said that she could teach us how to mask our existence and control our transformations.”
 I could hear someone’s footsteps coming toward us, Amelia spoke. “Now that you are bandaged up, you should really try to eat and drink this, it will help you gain your strength.”
 “Thank you” Fumbling around to feel the items on the tray she placed in my lap, I feel a cup. “If I could, I would really like to call my family right now.”
 “I’m sorry...We have been talking, but I don’t even know your name.”
 “I’m Mia St. Cloud.”
 “Mia, I don’t know how to tell you this, but I don’t think that you should try to call your family right now.”
 “Please, I need to tell them where I am and make sure my children are alright. I don’t understand, why won’t you let me call them?”
 In his silence, all I can hear is the pounding of my palpitating heart. Something happened that he learned about when we traveled back, that is why he was in such a hurry.”
 “I don’t know how to tell you this, so I’m just going to say it. Your family made it back to the vehicles, but they were attacked when leaving.”
 Panic overtakes me, I have to know. “Are they dead?”
 “No, but some of them were captured. The others heard the vampires talking about how your son and husband were curing the children. When David heard, he knew the value of this type of power and despite Marlena being there to take them out, he ordered another attack. He got instructions to Marlena to go and find out as much about the powers of your family before taking them out. In the fight, they grabbed your son, but missed your husband. David wanted to spare them long enough to discover the source of such power.”
 “Andrew would not have left without Jacob, they must still be on the grounds looking for him.”
 “They are not. When David only managed to get Jacob, he sent another in his place like they sent Marlena in yours so your family left the grounds believing that they had Jacob. Like you, he was replaced. They also have my son and daughter who I thought were killed and three others from your group, a man and two women.”
 “How could this happen? How could they replace my son?”
 “I told you that this is a very powerful and old family, the stories about David and his powers are obviously true. They must have returned to the area where your children were and overheard the same information that I had heard. David would never let that type of power slip through his fingers. Although his desire for revenge is strong, his quest for unlimited power is relentless. They are probably trying to assess your family’s powers now and try to ascertain how many more family members were not with you on the land so that they can report back to David and see if he still wants them all destroyed or if he wants to put a new plan in place to capture them and harvest their powers first.”
 “Please, I have to get in touch with my husband and tell him what has happened, if my son has been bitten, he needs help! Please, I know that he will come for me and rescue my son and your children as well; we have nothing against your kind. Please, I need to speak with him!”
 “Mia, we need to be careful, obviously David does not want your son dead; he wants to know how to secure your son’s power. As to calling your family, we may put them and the ones they captured in more danger by trying to get in touch with them. David and his kind would have killed my children instantly, but they must know that we have you and being unsure as to whether you are dead or alive, they are keeping my children to ensure that you do not interfere with whatever plans they have. If I allow you to get in contact with your family, they will have no reason to keep my family alive. Do the others they captured have powers that David might want or are they just bargaining chips to control your son?”
 Unsure of what I should tell him and knowing the extreme stress because of the loss of his wife and other children, I hesitate. I need to treat him now as if I am dealing with a hostage type situation. In this type of situation, I know that people can be driven to extremes. I have to protect Jacob and the others. Although I don’t believe Grant is bad, I don’t know enough about this situation and those surrounding me to make good decisions.”
 “Grant, I don’t know why they grabbed the others or even who they grabbed. In fact, it makes no sense for him to grab them unless he replaced them too. My thoughts drift wondering if they are part of the St. Cloud family and if the others would return for them if David hasn’t replaced them. Even if Jacob was replaced, could he replace more? Forcing myself from my introspection, I return to the situation at hand. Despite Grant telling me it would be dangerous to call my family, is he keeping me from doing this because they have a plan, a plan which could endanger Jacob and the others, I need Grant to stop and think about what his next move may be. “I understand that this is very stressful for you, I’m glad that your children are alive, but please you cannot do anything rash or unthinking. I know that you do not know me or my son, but really we have been fighting against dark forces ever since entering this realm and I beg you not to do anything that would put anyone in danger. I know first-hand how when someone is being held, they can be used as a bargaining chip to get their loved ones to do the capture’s bidding, but it never works out. They never give you what they promise, please you need to believe me, that is how I lost my sister and her husband.” The stress of this situation and past events crash over me like a rolling surf and I can’t stop the tears streaming down my face as fear grips my heart at the thought of Grant being manipulated into a situation that could hurt our families, the way Nicholas had been manipulated all those years ago.
 His resigned response is a mere murmur. “I know how evil this family can be and how barbaric they are. I saw how they ripped one of my children apart in front of my wife before killing her. They have no conscious and their barbaric nature makes them the most dangerous enemies that we have ever come across. They have gotten away with their actions for far too long. I need to talk to the others, eat and I will return shortly.”
 Forgetting the tray is on my lap, I sit up straighter causing the tray to tip over. Grant sits beside me. “What happened?”
 “I forgot about the tray. I’m sorry.”
 “Didn’t you see it? Did the tea burn you?.”
 “No, I can’t see. I didn’t get burned.”
 “If you’re blind, why did they leave you alone in the woods?”
 “I wasn’t blind before I hit the tree.”
 “I’m sorry, I didn’t know.”
 “I’m sorry for the mess.” I feel around trying to clean up the spill.”
 “It’s nothing, I’ll have Amelia come and stay with you while I’m gone, but please do not try to contact anyone or leave. I won’t be gone long. I know that you’re anxious about the situation too and don’t know me or my family, but like you, we also have been fighting the darkness and I will not be manipulated by them. I am only going to talk to our elders, nothing more. If you promise that you won’t do anything foolish while I’m gone, I promise the same.”
 Amelia removes the items from my lap. “Who are you really and why did you come here? You may have fooled my brother, but you will not fool me. They have never kept prisoners before, nor have they ever transformed into someone else. My brother may be right and you may be a powerful witch, but you must be working for them, there is no way that David would have the ability to transform into other people and not use it. I won’t let you destroy what is left of our family or our pack. I bet that you are even feigning your blindness to get my brother’s sympathy. What happened, did the wolves get too close to you so you feigned being a victim. Did you change Marlena to look as if she was going with whomever my brother saw on the land so that he would think you were some helpless victim in need of his help before you try to take us out one by one, the way you took out Elizabeth’s family, brutally and slow. I’m sure that they have already killed my niece and nephew now that the message of their capture was delivered, but let me assure you that you will not take another life, not here, not now, not ever!”
 The unmistakable determination in her voice alerts me that she has a plan which will not be good for me. “Amelia, I’m sure that you can tell, I am not a vampire, nor am I part of that family. I swear I am not feigning anything. I came here because my father was being honored for saving the life of a dignitary’s son, maybe you saw it in the paper, his name is Dr. Angelis. After the ceremony, my family and I were going to assist in setting up the records for the new terminal unit that was established in town, it is being run by Dr. Jamison. A picture of Dr. Jamison, my husband, Andrew, and my brother-in-law, Lucas Masters, was in the paper the other day. If you don’t believe me, you can see for yourself, download a copy of the paper from a day or two ago.” Although we’re quite a few miles from the hospital, I’m sure that the local paper probably carried some word of it. Trying to keep my voice as sincere and quiet as possible despite my oncoming fear that her silence is evidence of her resolve to do something which may put me at a further disadvantage than I am now, I continue trying to reason with her. “Amelia, I don’t know why this David has never used his transformation powers before, but I assure you that I don’t know how to transform people and I would never help anyone who kidnapped my children, under a mistaken impression or not. My children are the most important people in my life. All I want to do is make sure they are alright and if my son, Jacob, is being held prisoner, all I want to do is get him home!”
 Grabbing my wrists, she jerks me off the bed. “Now I know you’re lying, my brother saw your son transform from a mouse to himself. You know exactly how to transform. Move now!” She shouts, pushing me forward. Stumbling, she jerks me to my feet and pushes me through the doorway. I can feel the fresh air.
 “Amelia, please I’m telling you the truth, I don’t know how to transform. In fact, my son only learned how to change himself today so that he could escape and it wasn’t even from me. I am not in league with this family and I do not want to harm yours.”
 Pushing me over some upraised metal, she hoists my legs up and crams me into a small, cold, steely space. A lid slams shut just above my head. My heart palpitates wildly. I have been shoved into the trunk of a car and she is starting the engine! Screaming, while kicking my feet against the top of the trunk, I need for someone to hear me in hopes they will stop her and get Grant. If I had only kept my telephone, I could call for help. The car’s engine roars, pushing past capacity, thrashing over bumps, swerving erratically, we must be traveling over grass and tree roots. As my head thrashes against the unyielding surface, I can feel the gash open again and am unaware of how long we travel or whether I have lost consciousness. The car jerks to a halt, slamming my body up against the metal side, and I can feel more skin ripping open at the wound. A cool rush of air pulls me from my haze as Amelia grabs my shoulders hoisting me out of the trunk without any effort at all. 
“You are back where you belong and I’m sure that your group is waiting for you. Deliver this message from me, I didn’t kill or harm you so they have no reason to come on our land, if they do, we’ll be ready for them!” Raising me higher, she slams my body toward the ground.
 Unbearable pain radiates through my body, I struggle to voice my plea. “Amelia, please, I am not with them and I can’t see anything, all I want to do is get back to ...”
 Slamming the car door, she reeves the engine and the car quickly retreats from me.



Chapter Six - Incapacitated And Alone In Enemy Territory

 Alone, unable to see, and without a hope of communicating with my family, I am sure of only one thing, I am on enemy territory and if the animals do not devour me, they will. My heart sinks as I consider never being able to see my children again, never knowing if they are safe, and never being able to warn them that these barbarians are out to annihilate them. 
 Moving forward, I stumble and fall. I’m lightheaded and feel ooze dripping from my wound. Placing my hand on my head, the bandage is saturated. Tears well in my eyes, but as my fingers glide down to feel if the other bandage is also saturated, they skim the strap of my pendant. Images of similar pendants which adorn the necks of each of my wonderful children flow through my thoughts as does Andrew’s angelic face. 
 Ever since entering into this surreal world, everyone has told me that I am strong. I need that to be true now. I need to stay calm and think clearly if I am ever to have even the slightest chance of seeing my family again. Sitting up, I concentrate on the spells Emma taught me about how to draw upon the energy in nature to make myself feel better and give my wounds the ability to heal. Pulling just above the hem of my shirt, surprisingly I rip enough to tie a tourniquet around my head. As my fingers reach up, it feels as if the bleeding is slowing, so I repeat the spell a few more times.
 Something furry crosses my outstretched legs. I let out a gasp and clasp my hands over my mouth to stop the oncoming scream. I can’t afford to alert them that I am on their territory. Listening intently as I try to push the scream down, I hear the animal retreating through the dry brush. Telling myself that it isn’t anything that wants to hurt me, I stand and focus my thoughts on projecting a shield around myself to repel any oncoming future threats. Outstretching my hands, I move forward but hit the ground as my feet catch on underlying roots. Slapping the ground in absolute frustration, this is impossible! I can’t see, don’t know where I am going and the estate is vast. How will I ever find my way off and even if I do, who would help me? 
My little angel sits now on my shoulder screaming into my ear. You can’t give up, your family needs you. Think. Taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly, I know we drove for a while, but Amelia wouldn’t risk going into the territory, she must have dropped me on the fringe. If I had only thought about that before I started moving, maybe I could have at least backtracked into the wolves’ territory, but then again, maybe she already convinced the others that I was evil too. I’m on my own.
 Getting on my hands and knees, I don’t know whose territory I’m heading towards, and can’t risk falling again, but I have to keep moving. For better or worse, I have to keep moving forward. Despite knowing death will probably claim me in this forest of the unknown as the protectionist spell fails allowing the animals or barbarians to get me, I refuse to invite it in warmly and hope to at least give death a small run for its effort.
 After what seems like hours, the underbrush beneath me is clear of upturned roots. The sun is warming the earth above me and ground beneath me. Lifting my face for a moment, I relish the sun’s rays and allow it to heat my stiff body. Moving my hand to the bandage, I’m relieved that it is no longer soaking wet. Forging forward once again on my knees, I freeze in my tracks as my hand sweeps over a set of shoes. Too stunned to scream, someone grabs me and I’m immediately on my feet. It must be them! 
“Mia, I’m so sorry.” I recognize the voice immediately. His words are fast and pleading. “I know it’s no excuse, but my sister wasn’t thinking, she was only trying to protect our family. She should not have done what she did, but please do not cast any spells on her, she really is a good person. We have been fooled before and she lost both of her children in an attack.” 
 “Grant, I have no intention of doing anything to her. Please believe me when I say, that all I want to do is get to my family and bring them back together. I have no affiliation to David or anyone in his family. I couldn’t even figure out how they learned that Lucas returned until I begged your sister to look at the picture that was in the paper talking about our helping at the new hospital wing. I still can’t figure out how they knew he was at the hotel and why on earth they would think that my children are his, but either way, everyone I love is in danger, my son is captured again and now they may know his secrets and who knows what is happening to him!”
 “Mia, I know how fearful you are, I am too. I went and talked to the elders about this situation, but they refuse to go up against this family now. My sister tried to convince them that you were here to destroy us and in league with them. We have lost so many members of our pack in past altercations with vampires that are not nearly as strong or barbaric as David. The elders are afraid to move against them without help. They are sending some of our members to speak with a strong pack that we know.”
 “Did she convince you that I was in league with them too?”
 “No, she could not convince me of that. I could tell how frightened your children were when they were inside the dungeon and I know the panic I heard in the woods from your friends trying to get to them. I wasn’t delayed in finding you because I was debating whether or not my sister was correct, it took me so long to find you because I followed a wrong lead of your sent from when you were here the first time.”
 I throw my arms around him. “Thank you for coming back for me! I was sure that I was going to die.”
 He tries to joke. “Hasn’t anyone ever told you that witches don’t die? You really must be a strong one. I have never seen anyone touch David before. If we work together maybe we can save the people we love. I know that you are probably really upset with our pack, especially after what my sister did to you, but I hope that doesn’t stop you from considering that our working together may solve both of our issues. Unfortunately, right now, I am on my own again with a witch.” He chuckles. “It seems to be my forte lately.” He chortles. “The elders will not move on this without assistance and my sister has convinced them to be at least suspicious of you, so we cannot return there because they would probably believe that I am bewitched. Although my children assure me that they will help, I do not want to separate them from the protection of our pack now. It is not because I am suspicious of you, but please understand that I cannot risk any more of my family and they are safest among our kind on our territory.”
 “Grant, I know that you may not believe this, but I am not upset with your sister or your pack. I know the extremes someone can be driven to because of suspicions and loss. My family has always fought to try and do the right thing and I don’t want to hurt anyone. I understand if you want to get back to your pack. I know I cannot return there, but I am begging you to please get me to civilization. I may not be able to contact my family, but there are people that I can trust and that can help me. I need to save my son before they realize ...” I stop myself. Although I know Grant returned because he believes me and that his pack is fighting against them, I remind myself that his children are hostages and if they are still alive, they could be used to manipulate him.
 “Before they realize what? There is something more with you and your family isn’t there? It has to do with that healing thing and transformation that I witnessed, doesn’t it?”
 I hate lying to him, but at this juncture, without the protection of Sanctuary and my family, the less I reveal might be the better and safer for everyone involved. “Grant, I’m afraid that they will come to the realization that my son is not Lucas’ and then they would have no reason to keep him alive.”
 From his hum, he seems to accept my explanation. “Even if they realize this, I think they will keep him alive because of what David thinks that he can get from your son.”
 “But that’s just it, my son probably can’t help him in that, I didn’t lie to your sister when I said that today is the first time that he transformed. He didn’t even know how to do it without instruction. You saw how young my son is. I haven’t been teaching him how to really utilize his powers because I wanted him to grow up as normal as possible and learn to be good person first.”
 “So you’re telling me that he did that for the first time today and was that powerful without really knowing how!” His boisterous response makes me jump.
 “Who are you people and how strong are you really?” His voice is too loud and I shift away from him. Softly, he inquires, “How did anyone communicate with him? I know they couldn’t have had a phone or you would have tracked it to find them right away. What exactly is going on? Who are you in league with and does this mean more trouble for this area?”
 “I am not in league with anyone. I tried to tell your sister, I came here with my family because my father received a commendation for a heart transplant surgery that he performed and to assist my brother-in-law and sister-in-law with the setting up of a new terminal wing of a hospital that was just dedicated.”
 “I read about that dedication ceremony in the paper the other day, but someone named Jamison is running that.”
 Relieved that at least he knows about the hospital dedication, I continue. “He is a friend of Lucas who asked us for our help. My husband and his family run a hospital in Maine and they have developed a comprehensive record keeping system. We were transcribing the records of the transferred patients and helping Jamison in arranging the records so that the patients could get the best care in a proven, efficient environment. We did not come here to start trouble or to get involved with this family.”
 “Regardless of your initial intentions, I’m afraid you and your family are now directly involved with this family and once they get involved with you, they do not let you go until you are destroyed.”
 His words tear at my heart. Knowing the way everyone fears this family, how evil Lucas described them and how long they have lived, I can’t help but fear that some of their power comes from the demonic. My blood runs cold as I realize that they may be communicating with the netherworld and if they are, they could discover who they have! If those we fear learn that Jacob is exposed and alone, the only question is whether those who have him will turn him over to gain power with those we fear or if a contingent would be sent to take him. Either way, my son will be in a far worse situation than he is now, they will destroy him. I have to get him away from them before it’s too late.
 If I only had Damian’s abilities, at least I could send Jacob a message to hide his lineage. I gasp as the ramifications of Grant’s revelation that three other vampires were captured hits me. Even if Jacob is smart enough to hide his parentage if the others are not from our family, would they protect that information too? 
 I am unaware Grant is touching me and hears my thoughts until his outburst tears me from my introspection. “I knew it, you are powerful, but who is it that you people are afraid of and could they be coming here?”
 Wrenching my arm from Grant’s grip, my tone is harsher than I intend. “Please stop reading my thoughts. Can everyone in your pack do that?” Out of all of the creatures with talents that I had to encounter, it has to be a mind reader. 
 “Actually, no, it is some side effect from the original spell that Amanda cast. In the ability to read others thoughts around me, I am alone. I’m sorry, I didn’t do it purposefully, it just happens. However, I am right, you are hiding information, you are more than just what you seem and you have been hiding your children from someone. Is it because they are even more powerful than I suspect you of being? I can’t believe that I am asking or considering this, but are they fiercer than this family?”
 “Grant, understand, you are right in what I am, I am a witch, but other than that, there is nothing that you need to know about my background. I assure you that my family and I are on the side of good just like you, but for their sake, my son’s sake and even your own safety, I implore you to stop trying to discover anything further.”
 He is silent for what feels like an eternity. “Fine” He said gruffly, “but you have to promise me something.”
 “What?”
 “If what you’re trying to hide brings even more trouble, you will try to protect my children and my pack as well.”
 “I promise you that my family and I always try to protect those who are aligned with good.”
 Silence stretches between us for an immeasurable moment. My body relaxes as I hear a sigh. He did not silently retreat, leaving me on my own. His voice is softer now. “I brought you something. Put out your hand.”
 As I do, he places something cold and circular in my palm. “It’s just water. When I came running after you, I grabbed my emergency backpack. I have some dehydrated fruits and granola.”
 “Thank you.” I turn the cap and feel the twist break the little ties on the cap. 
 When I finish drinking, he hands me a package. “It’s just some granola and raisins. I figure it may help you feel better.” 
 “Thank you. Grant I’m sorry if I seemed abrupt with you earlier. I really do appreciate you coming for me. I am not trying to be deceptive. It’s just that your pack is not the only one who has lost family members to dark forces. My family and I have also been through some very trying ordeals.”
 “You don’t have to say any more. The witch who helped me couldn’t talk about certain things either. She always said it was safer for me that way. You have the same tone in your voice when you speak. I didn’t take offense. It’s just that like you, all I want to do is protect my family. I don’t want to lose anyone else.”
 “Do you have a telephone on you?”
 “Yes, but I don’t think that it would be wise to try to contact your family if Marlena and whomever took your son’s place is with them, they will hear your voice and even if you don’t convince your family that it is you on the telephone, she will still have my children or those other vampires which they captured killed as punishment.”
 “I wasn’t going to call my family, not yet. I was going to call the hospital that we were expected to return to and see if they returned there.”
 “If they did return there, Marlena is with them and when they patch you through, it will be over for everyone.”
 He’s right, I can’t just call. Even if I asked them not to patch me through, there is a chance they could pass the message that someone called to see if they returned. Knowing Marlena could have only survived this long by being the suspicious type, she would know immediately who called.”
 As I consider her suspicions, I gasp at the realization that my being in trouble could raise Andrew’s suspicions if the protectionist spell I cast so many years ago is still working. Would his seeing her next to him cause him to dispel such feelings or images? Before I can contemplate this further, my heart seizes as I realize she will be with Gabriel too. As Grant just read my thoughts, Gabriel can read hers, if he hasn’t already. If he goes after…alternative outcomes flash violently before me, each one leading to a grave outcome for someone I love.
 The situation is getting graver by the minute with every road leading to someone’s impending demise. I have to risk trying to get in contact with Gabriel before he exposes what is going on. “Grant, I need you to make a call for me now, the safety of all of our children depends upon you getting in contact with my brother-in-law, Gabriel.”
 “Is he with the rest of your family?”
 “Yes, I just hope he hasn’t figured out what is going on yet.”
 “I don’t think that it would be wise to try to reach anyone who might be around your family.”
 “If he is around the family, it is imperative that I speak with him.”
 “Haven’t you been listening? If she is near him, she will hear you speaking to him. What do you think he will do if he hears your claims on the telephone while he is looking right at you?”
 “He will know that the one before him isn’t me, believe me and if I tell him not to do anything, he won’t.”
 “Maybe we should wait and try to get into town to get an untraceable telephone before we try this.”
 “We don’t have that kind of time. We have to call now!”
 He grabs my arms. “Mia, what occurred to you that caused this type of urgency?”
 I don’t want to tell him, but considering he has the telephone and with each passing moment, we are closer to it being too late, I have no choice! “Gabriel can read minds like you can. If he gets close to that Mia and realizes that it is not me...”
 Quickly placing the telephone in my hand, his anxious voice is at my ear. “What number would you like me to dial?”
 “207-555-7742" It goes directly to voice mail. I thrust the telephone forward to Grant. “Leave a message that you are Dr. Smythe from Boston and have a special patient that you need an emergency consult on and leave your number.”
 In a muffled tone, probably to disguise his voice, he repeats what I said. Hysteria bubbles within me. I need to get hold of myself and think clearly, there are too many people at risk and too much that can go wrong quickly. “Grant do you think that they would take the children and our group to the dungeon?”
 “Normally I would say yes, but since they know that your son escaped from there, I’m not sure. They may take the others there, but I would think that they would hold your son somewhere else and have someone watching him so that he couldn’t transform and escape.”
 Could they possibly be so preoccupied with Jacob that they would not think about the others? “If they did take them to the dungeon, do you think that you and I could get to them? They would be expecting your pack or a large contingent, like the ones we sent to get the children, they would never expect something like you and I trying to get them back.” 
 “You can’t be serious!” I can hear the utter shock and disbelief in his voice. He grabs my arms again. “I know you’re frightened, but all we would accomplish by going further into their territory is getting ourselves caught and then there would be absolutely no chance of anyone getting rescued. They will kill us and all those that they have now. Mia, please you need to be reasonable and think this through! You can’t even see and I would not be able to protect you if something were to happen. Even if you were to regain your sight, although you may be a powerful witch, they have numbers and brutality on their side. They would not hesitate to kill you or anyone connected to you and if you were to hesitate at all, that would be it. I have seen what they could do and alone, I would not even be any type of challenge for them at all.”
 “But I heard you and you did destroy one of them, the one that was trying to kill you.”
 “How could you have heard that?”
 “Grant, please that is a very long story and now isn’t the time. You have the strength to hurt them and if we could reach the others, maybe we could save the children and then I can go after Marlena and the other one and rescue my family.”
 “Mia, I caught one off guard, but there is absolutely no way that I would catch them off guard again. I’m telling you that we would get killed and our children will pay the price!”
 “We just can’t stay here and do nothing! There are just too many people at risk to let their deception go on and do only who knows what to our children. What if they are hunting them now!”
 “I don’t think that they would be. They want to know more about how your son did what he did, they would not hunt him before figuring out how to master his powers because I am sure that even though David made Marlena look like you, it has to be an illusion of some type, he would want the power your son possesses, the power to actually turn himself into someone or something else. As far as the others and my children go, they do not know if you are dead or alive and I am holding on to the hope that they will keep them alive so that they could use them as bate if Marlena fails or a bargaining chip so that she will not be compromised.”
 Considering this, a new thought occurs to me. “If we cannot get to them, is there anyone that you can trust to enter the hospital. If they went there, maybe that person could get to Gabriel and we could get help on that end and formulate a plan. Grant, keep trying Gabriel’s cell.”
 Lifting the phone, he intertwines our hands. “I hope you don’t mind, but we should try to get moving. I think that we have been on their land long enough. I don’t think that they are hunting again so soon, but they could be keeping watch to see if the pack tries to attack or come on to their land to rescue my children. There is someone that I could send to the hospital but we should talk to him in person so that there are no mistakes or errors.”
 We walk for what seems like hours, with him retrying Gabriel, each time the call goes to voice mail. Finally, we stop. He releases my hand as I hear a car door open and then he helps me in. 
 He places the telephone in my hand. “Can you feel this button?”
 “Yes”
 “That is the redial for Gabriel, why don’t you keep trying while I drive. While you are doing that, could you tell me now how you knew that I had killed one?”
Knowing that if I keep too much from him, he will become distrustful of me and considering this only has to do with me and I need his help to save my family, I decide to be honest. “I heard you outside of the dungeon window when you surprised and attacked one.
 “I don’t understand. You weren’t a prisoner.”
 “No, I was not, but when my children are in trouble, I can feel and hear what is going on around them. That’s how I heard you.”
 “Can you do this with anyone that you know or is it just your children?”
 “It is only my children and I’m not sure exactly how it is that I can do it other than to say that I concentrate on them and somehow feel a connection to them and their surroundings.” 
 He tries to joke, probably to relive the stress which is evident in my voice as I struggle to find the right words. “If you can do that without really knowing how, just think about what you could do with a stronger grasp on your power. Can your children do the same?”
 “No, it is only something that I can do.”
 “Well, you never know, maybe as they grow older, they too will develop that talent.”
 “I never thought of that. I only hope that we can make sure all of our children can grow older. Are we almost there?”
 “We are about twenty minutes out. I’ll try to get hold of him and let him know that we are on or way.” 
 Handing him the phone, his voice is soft and pleading. “Kenneth, I need your help and it is extremely important, several lives depend upon it. Can you stay at the house and I will be there shortly...very good.”
 “He will wait for us.”
 “Are you sure that you can trust him?”
 “Yes, although he is not of our world, he is very trustworthy.”
 “What do you mean that he is not of our world?”
 “He does not belong to the surreal world, like we do, but he has strength and goodness behind him.”
 After a while, the car stops and he opens his door. Opening mine, he leads me down a path. A door creaks. “Good afternoon sister Christopher, he is expecting me.”
 “I’ll let him know that you are here, you can wait in the library.”
 Grant takes my hand again and then we are sitting down. 
 “What brings you to town, you old dog. I thought that you and the children were staying on some estate.”
 “That is what I came to talk to you about. Kenneth, this is Mia and we need your help to save her son, Julianne and Paul.”
 “Grant what is going on?” His voice resonates concern.
 “I don’t have time to explain everything right now, but do you remember the stories about the family that I told you about?”
 “Please tell me that you are not getting into those fantastical stories again. I told you, there are no such things as vampires or mythical creatures”
 “Kenneth is anyone other than Sister Christopher here?”
 “No”
 “Could you have her leave, I need to reveal something to you and then we need to discuss why I need your help, but the less people who know about it, the safer for everyone.”
 “Grant this is highly strange, even for you, but just give me a moment and I will be right back.”
 While he’s gone, Grant whispers. “May I tell him about you?”
 “He’s a priest?”
 “I told you he could be trusted.”
 “He won’t believe us.”
 “He will when I show him what I am.”
 “He doesn’t know already?”
 “No, he runs the school that my children went to. We have been friends for the last twenty years, but he does not know what I am.”
 “Are you sure you want to do this now, maybe if I just sought his help, your secret could still be safe.”
 “I know that I can trust him. He is a very good man and like you said, there are too many people in jeopardy. I can’t lose anyone else and I don’t know what my pack will do. I think that secrets can only hurt us. If he sees what I am, he will better understand what type of supernatural forces that we are dealing with and he will be better equipped to convey the message carefully and not believe what he sees. You need to remember Mia, he may go to the hospital and you may be with Gabriel. He needs to understand how dangerous it could be and the necessity that he follows our instructions so that there are no mistakes or hesitations.”
 Footsteps approach us. “Kenneth, sit down, I need to show you something and I need you to keep an open mind, I know you didn’t before and convinced yourself you were seeing things, but lives depend upon my getting through to you and not just the ones I mentioned.”
 A loud growl fills the room. He transformed and I hear Kenneth gasp.
 “Kenneth, are you alright?”
 He doesn’t respond, but a moment later, Grant does. “Mia, I’m going to get him some water.”
 I feel for his hand. “Kenneth, it’s alright, I know that it was a shock to see your friend like that, but he is still the same friend that you have always known. He doesn’t mean you any harm and we desperately need your help.”
 There is still no response. Cool water drips on my hand, Grant must have secured a cold cloth to put on Ken’s neck. “It’s alright. I’m sorry for the shock, but I need you to understand what we are dealing with. Please say something.”
 He stutters. “What...what did you just...how did you do that trick?”
 “Here drink this. It was no trick, I’m a werewolf and vampires do exist. The family really is a family of vampires and they have Julianne and Paul. They also have Mia’s son and some of her friends. They have killed Charlotte, Steve and Pauline. They can do things that even I never thought possible and now two of them could be here and they are pretending to be members of Mia’s family, they are planning on trying to kill them all, just the way they have taken out other families in the past. We need your help to save her family, my family and anyone else who may try to go against them for their atrocities. Kenneth, you are the only one I can trust to do this, you are the only one that they would not be able to detect and they would never suspect a priest of getting involved with something like this.” Grant’s desperation rings through his impassioned plea. “You could go and contact Mia’s family without anyone being suspicious. Besides, isn’t it a priest’s job to help preserve life? If you don’t help us, I can assure you that many lives will be lost.”
 The moments of silence overwhelm me. I’m not even aware of how much I am thinking about Jacob until I hear his plea. 
 “I’m telling you that I don’t know exactly how it happened, it just did”
 “You will tell us little boy how you possess such power and how we can control it! Maybe a few days without food and water will change your mind. Throw him in the dungeon with the others. We still have to check to see if we can find his mother’s body or if the wolves have her. If she is still alive, we have to make sure that they understand that we have some of theirs and that any interference will mean the immediate death of those in the dungeon and then their pack.”
 Grant shakes me, breaking my connection. “What happened to you?”
 “They’re alive!”
 “Who”
 “The children and my friends, but I heard one of them threatening not only them but your pack. They are not sure if I’m alive or dead, but they plan on getting a message to your pack that if they help me, your children will die and so will the pack.”
 Kenneth interrupts us. “Grant what’s going on and what is she talking about?”
 “She has a connection to her son that is captured and heard the children being threatened.”
 Kenneth’s boisterous voice makes me jump. “I don’t know what type of game you are playing or why you are trying to trick me, but you need to stop this and leave now.”
 “Kenneth, this is no game I assure you and what I did was no trick. In fact, I will transform again and you can even stroke my fur and see my teeth. I swear to you that I am not playing a game and neither is she, but if you don’t help us and do it quickly, we will lose our families.” 
 His fur brushes my hand. “Go ahead, touch him, he is very real, it is not a trick and we are not trying to deceive you.” My voice is commanding but quiet.
 I hear him drop to his knees. “This can’t be real. This is the work of the devil.”
 “I assure you father, your friend is not evil but it will triumph if you do not help us.”
 Grant’s grave voice is imploring. “Please I am not asking you to do anything wrong, I just need you to make contact with someone. We need his help and we need to warn her family about the imposters who plan on taking their lives. A message-that is all I’m asking. However, when you deliver the message, you must be alone and deliver it only to the one called Gabriel. Mia, do you have a picture of Jacob?”
 Taking the watch from my neck, I fumble to open the locket revealing a picture of my family. “He is the one on the bottom row, left hand side.”
 “Kenneth, when you take the message to Gabriel make sure that this boy or a woman who looks like Mia is nowhere in sight. They are not who they are pretending to be.”
 Kenneth’s sharp intake of breath concerns me, but I slump in relief at his resigned response. “Only a message to someone named Gabriel. Where am I going? What is the message?”
 “You are going to the hospital and ...” I turn toward Grant’s voice and hold out my wallet. “The third or fourth picture is a family picture and there is a man standing...third from the left, show it to Kenneth. “That is Gabriel and I need you to tell him that things are not what they seem with Jacob and Mia but that he cannot let on what he learns because their lives and the lives of others depends on him not showing that he is suspicious. Tell him to have Reginald or Emma call this number when they are away from the others. Remember, only to him and with no one else around. Pretend that you are there to see a patient. Can I ask one more thing from you?”
 “What it is?”
 “If they are not there, could you please pretend to know him, just him, not the rest of the family and find out where he went?”
 “I can do that. You two can stay here and I will leave right now. It shouldn’t take that long, the hospital isn’t that far.
 Removing my wedding ring for the first time since Andrew slipped it on my finger, I search for Kenneth’s hand and press it into his palm. “Father, if he has any trouble believing your message, show him this and I promise he’ll understand.” 
 He rises and the door shuts moments later. I can’t stop running over my barren ring finger and thinking about my family. Grant lays his hand gently upon mine. “He will deliver the message and your friends will contact us.”
 “I’m sorry you had to reveal yourself to him.” I know I’m making small talk, but my nerves are wound so tight by the thought of how much could go wrong with even this simple message, I need a distraction. “Do you think that it will cause a problem?”
 “I will deal with everything else later, but honestly, Kenneth is a very cool clergyman. Despite his trying to force down his suspicions, I think he has always known, but was trying not to admit it to himself. We thought he even caught some of our pack members on one of his outings in the woods one evening. Generally we stay away from camp areas and well-traveled trails, but one evening after Amanda had converted some of our new pack members, we were teaching them how to transform at will. One of our young boys started a game of tag, werewolf style. They were running through the woods and transforming back and forth when we ran across Kenneth. He was camping with some of the children, they were asleep in their tent, but he was outside having a cup of coffee by an extinguishing fire. Although he never spoke of seeing them, after that evening, we caught him walking in the woods more and watching the group of boys more closely.”
 “Would you mind my asking how your family originally became werewolves?” 
 “I don’t mind at all, if I get to ask you questions too. I could use the distraction as well.”
 I laugh. “I guess that’s only fair.”
 “My mother was bitten when she was a little girl and her family was vacationing in France. They had rented a home and she had gone exploring and got lost. When they found her, they thought that she was bitten by some sort of wild dog. They took her to the hospital and she was treated and they thought everything was fine, but then she started disappearing for days at a time and would wake up, sometimes very far from home, without any memory of what occurred during that time. This went on until she was at college. There, she met my father. He knew what she was immediately and confirmed it when he followed her the night of the first full moon. He had taken a video camera with him so that he could tape my mother transforming and then running. At first she thought it was a trick, but the more she got to know him, she began to trust him and he took her here and showed her others of her kind, after that, they were together all the time, fell in love and had us. We are natural born wolves so our powers of transformation did not come until we were twenty-one, but my mother was only thirteen when she began to change.”
 As the realization of what this means seeps into my consciousness, I freeze.
 “Mia, what’s wrong.”
 “Nicholas and Kayla both got bitten. Does that mean that they will be turning into werewolves when the first full moon occurs?”
 “Y...”I could hear the yes coming from him at first, but then he stops.
 “Grant, does it mean that they will be werewolves?”
 “I don’t know, normally I would say yes, but with all of the commotion going on around them about curing them, I’m not sure if you guys have the power to repel such a transformation and if the cure stopped this possibility.”
 I can’t believe that this could be happening. “When is the next full moon?”
 “We just went in to the new moon phase so we have time.”
 Despite our accepting the surreal world as part of our lives, I cannot believe how it is throwing us a new curve where surreal creatures are crossing mythical lines in the same way that Reginald’s life had. “Grant, does your pack have any werewolves that are also witches?”
 “I’m sorry I don’t have an answer to that worry, but from the little that I have seen your Jacob do, I’m not sure that you have to be overly concerned. I’m sure that they will do fine with it. Can I ask you something?”
 “Sure, what would you like to know?”
 He hesitates before his voice drops to a mere whisper. “What are you really and is there a chance of what you’re afraid of coming for your son?”
 “I am a psychiatrist at a hospital in Maine.”
 “That’s not what I meant and you know that.”
 “I know, but I don’t think that you will believe me if I tell you that I’m just a witch. I know that you think that I am more, but I’m not. In fact, I’m not sure that I am even really good at being a witch. I learned about what I was after I was already taking care of my first twins so my life was more about my children and my work than this surreal world. My parents never knew about this world, my dad is a great doctor and researcher and so was my mom. They were very pragmatic people and would have never in their wildest imagination consider that such things could exist.”
 “Mia I know that this may sound strange, but Nicholas jumped in front of Jacob because someone was shouting that if Jacob got bit, he was part vampire and would die. Who was yelling? If you are only a witch, how are your children vampires? Are they all vampires?” His questions are quick.
 Considering what we may be facing and what he is, I may need his help if we do get to the children and learn that they will turn into werewolves. My instincts scream that he is a good man and although he can be manipulated, anyone can. He did disregard his sister and his pact to come back for me. I let out a huge sigh. “Their father is a vampire and two of my children are vampires while the other two are just witches.” I can’t believe how normal that sentence sounds to me.
 “Is that why Nicholas jumped in front of Jacob, because Jacob and Nicole are the vampires while Nicholas and Kayla are the witches?”
 Before I respond, the door opens. Kenneth is back. “Did you see Gabriel and give him the message?”
 Sitting next to me, he takes my hands. “Mia, I’m sorry, Gabriel was not there.” His tone tells me there is more, but he is hesitating.
 “What aren’t you telling me? Please, any information that you have, we need to know, there are too many lives at stake!”
 “I saw some of the others that were in the photograph. I waited until they moved away from the nurses’ station and then asked one of the nurses where he was. She said that Gabriel did not return with them and that they were getting ready to go home. I stayed around and went over to talk with one of the patients sitting next to two of them who seemed to be whispering in a corner. They were discussing staying behind to retrieve their family members who had been captured. I could tell that they didn’t want the rest of them to know what was going on. I heard one say that they could use the excuse of taking Andrew’s place to help with the record keeping to throw off any type of suspicion.”
 From what he was saying, someone suspected that something was off besides the missing family members. Maybe they realized it was not me and Gabriel is already searching for the ones who were captured. “Did they say anything else? Did they mention if Gabriel is out there looking for the ones who got caught?”
 “Mia, Gabriel was one of the ones captured. I’m sorry. I thought about going up to the ones who were talking and giving them the message, but you said to only speak with Gabriel and I wasn’t sure what to do. If it is of any consolation, I think they suspect something in their group is wrong because they didn’t want someone in your family to know what they were doing. I would have stayed around longer, but you came up to me and asked if you could help.”
 “What did you say?”
 “I told her that I had seen the patients and already given last rights to those in need so I was just seeing some of the patients in the lobby before leaving.”
 “She didn’t suspect anything, did she?”
 “No, she went back over to your husband and the others.”
 My stomach churns at the thought of her with my family, but at least it sounds like no others were replaced. “Mia, I’m sure that everything will be fine.” He places the ring in my palm.
 “Thank you so much for trying to get the message to them for me.”
 “Grant can I see you for a moment?”
 “What’s the matter?”
 “I just need to talk to you a moment.”
 Putting my ring back on, I feel a strange sense of relief knowing that Gabriel is with Jacob, despite their danger. Concentrating, I try reconnecting with Jacob. Finally, I hear rattling, but not the familiar chains as a familiar voice whispers. 
 “Jacob, you are not strong enough to break the bars, they must have a spell attached to them like the shackles. All you are going to do is make yourself exhausted.” 
 A strange voice bellows from a distance. “Stop making that racket. Even if you do break the bars, I’ll stop you from escaping and I don’t care if that means I have to kill you. David might get mad, but he’d get over it, so stop the racket, you are giving me a headache!”
 Jacob’s nervous voice quivers. “What do you think will happen to us? Do you think the others are alright or do you think they are being held somewhere else in this awful place?”
 “Sweetie, I know that you are nervous, but I’m sure that the others have made it away and that everything will be alright, you just have to hold on to hope.”
 The male, menacing voice is now taunting. “Oh yes hold on to hope, or maybe you should be practical and give David what he wants. If you do, he may let you join us instead of killing you the way he killed the others in your group.”
 Sobs rip from Jacob’s chest. I can’t stand that he is suffering and believes he lost his family. Knowing the loneliness engulfing him, pulling him into an endless surf, I desperately need to communicate with him, reassure him that he is not alone, they are alive and will rescue him. If he could only feel me in the same way that I feel him or feel his sister so that he would know that he is not alone. My heart breaks for the pain that I know he is enduring now. If I could only wrap my arms around him and make him feel safe and comforted. I’m unaware of how hard I am picturing him in my arms and hoping that I could bring him comfort until I hear his surprised voice.
 “Mom” 
 I feel him relax slightly. He felt me!
 “Jacob, it’s me Eva, not mom.”
 I could tell from her tone that she knows something is going on but wants him to stop talking because of the inquisitive ears.
 “Your right, I’m sorry.” His voice sounds distracted. 
 I concentrate harder wanting him to know that his family is alive and wish that I could tell him, but I doubt that he can hear me, so I focus on my holding him. Hopefully he will continue to feel me. Even though he doesn’t say another word, his body relaxes.
 Grant’s anxious voice and grabbing my arms breaks my connection. “Mia, are you hurt? Why are you crying?”
 “I’m sorry, I was just...” I stop not knowing if Kenneth is with him and unsure if I should say anything.
 “We’re alone. Kenneth went to the church to pray. He wanted to talk with me because he got a call from Amelia and she told him that I was bewitched by you and on my own. She asked if he would contact her if he heard from me so that the pack could grab me and try to break the spell. Now will you tell me what is wrong?”
 “They have my son in some sort of cage and they’re trying to make him believe that they killed the rest of us. I was trying to let him know somehow that I was still alive, that he was not alone. They have my sister-in-law and brother-in-law and now you’re telling me, that he called your pack and they are on their way. I just don’t know what to do. I knew that one day we would face something else, but I never expected that it could come from a mistake.” Frustration envelops me.
 “You need to think of it another way. At least Jacob is alive and so is your family. We will get our families back and the pack is not going to come for me.” He takes my hands, squeezing them reassuringly. “I convinced Kenneth not to call them and he is praying because I have asked him to go back to the hospital and try to get the two that he heard talking about staying to come here. He is a little leery about getting involved. Maybe we should go and see if we can get to your family members.”
 “I don’t think that would be a good idea, what if the others haven’t left yet or someone is watching the hospital. It would be better if he went to get them, but either way, the others would have to be gone and I only hope that if they are suspicious, maybe some of the others know that there is something that they have to be on their guard for. She is ...Grant I need you to dial a number for me now.”
 “What’s wrong?”
 “He said that they are going home. We have children, families and helpless patients at Sanctuary, I can’t just let Marlena and whatever brutal vampire is with her go there without warning them. What if she decides to hunt there or just kill brutally? I can’t give into my fear and do nothing. There are other families there.”
 “Mia, contacting them is dangerous, you know what could happen.”
 “I have to make the call. There is someone there that I can trust implicitly and they will not reveal anything, but at least they can be on guard to protect all of those innocent people.”
 “I hope that you know what you are doing.”
 “I’m doing what I have to.” I just hope I know what I am doing as well.
 Telling him the number, he hands me the telephone. “Jason it’s Mia are you alone.”
 “Actually, you caught me in the middle of a meeting.”
 “Don’t say who you are talking to. I need you to move away from the group or if you can’t, call me back at the number on your screen, it is a matter of life and death.”
 “I will call you right back.”
 Kenneth returns. “May I speak to you alone?”
 Thinking he is talking to Grant, I clasp the telephone tightly until I hear Grant’s reply. “I’ll go get something to eat. What could I bring back for you Mia?”
 “Nothing, I’m fine thank you.”
 The cushion dips beside me. “Mia, I’m sure Grant told you his sister telephoned me and he wants me to go back and get those individuals I heard speaking about staying behind. Before I get any further involved, I need some answers from you.”
 “What would you like to know?”
 “Grant’s sister believes that you have placed a spell on her brother and that you are trouble, but Grant swears she is mistaken. I can see how desperate you seem to get back to your family, but why should I believe that you haven’t done something to my friend to cause what is going on now.”
 “Father let me assure you that I am not what made your friend a werewolf, but I believe that you already know that from the night that you saw some werewolves in the forest transforming back and forth. It is very easy for us to ignore things that we cannot explain, I can say that from experience, because relatively speaking I am new to this word as well. I came here because my father saved the life of a young boy who is the son of your minister. I will not lie to you, I am a witch, but I have never used my powers, such as they are to do anything but good. I know all too well the nightmare and loss that using gifts that one has to bewitch someone or do evil could cause. In fact, I’m a psychiatrist at a hospital in Maine that primarily deals with patients who have been impaired by evil. My family and I have always tried to protect those who are weaker than we are. There is nothing that I can say or do to convince you that I have not bewitched your friend, all I can do is beg you to help us. All I want to do is make sure that my family does not suffer and neither does his.” The telephone rings. “Father, I need to answer this, but if you wait one moment, I will be happy to answer whatever questions you have in order to get you to help.” He does not rise to leave.
 “Jason, are you alone now?”
 “Yes, but what is going on? You sound very upset.”
 “Andrew and some of the family are coming home but we have had trouble here. What I am going to tell you, you can’t tell anyone, except for Rachel and Ryan, but you have to do it alone and make sure that they understand that they cannot reveal what they know to anyone, not even my family.”
 “Mia, what are you talking about?”
 “Jason, please just listen. Andrew will be returning with someone who looks like me and someone who is pretending to be Jacob, but they are not who they appear to be.”
 “Mia, back up, you’re not making any sense.”
 “I’m sorry. Let me start from the beginning. Did Lucas ever tell you the story of his time here in England?”
 “Yes, but that was centuries ago, what could that have to do with anything now.”
 “Did he tell you of the little girl that he rescued?”
 “Yes, but I’m sure that she is dead.”
 “That would be correct, if she was just a little girl, but she was a werewolf and a very powerful one from what I understand. The family that Lucas was with blames him for rescuing her and causing a werewolf plague upon them which killed Lucas’ wife and some other family members. When Lucas was here dedicating the hospital, the dedication made the papers and the family found out he was back. They wanted to take revenge and got the children.”
 I hear Jason gasp. “Why would they take your children to get revenge upon him?”
 “They thought that they were his children, he was watching them at the time.”
 “When we were trying to rescue them, they grabbed me and got Jacob. They also got Gabriel and Eva and someone else, but I don’t know who the third one is.”
 “Mia, if they have you how are you calling me and didn’t you say that Jacob and you are heading home?”
 “That is where this gets difficult so I need you to just listen to what I’m telling you and take it as truth even if it sounds ridiculous. Can you do that for me please?”
 “After what we have all seen is there really anything that we can classify as ridiculous.”
 “I’m not even sure I can fathom it all but it is essential that you believe me and do what you can to protect everyone up there. We were on their estate trying to rescue the kids. I had been channeling with them, so I was slower than our group. I sent Lucas to go and find Andrew because he went on ahead and Nicholas and Kayla were hurt.”
 He interrupts. “Are they alright?”
 “I hope so, but that is something else that we have to talk about. Jason, please just listen, this is confusing enough and I have to make sure that you are prepared. The woman coming back as me is dangerous, she is part of the family that Lucas spoke of and so is the one who is coming back as Jacob. They want to kill the family because of his rescuing Elizabeth, they are looking for revenge and I’m telling you they are barbaric and have no conscious. They are holding Jacob in some sort of cage because they saw him transform and know he can escape from shackles, they are also holding Eva, Gabriel, another of ours, and two other children in a dungeon. If they believe for even one minute that you suspect anything, they will kill them and take you out.” I have to stop as sobs tear up my throat.
 “Mia, if there are only two of them, we can take them out when they get here.”
 “I wish that you could, but you can’t take them out before we get to our family here. If they have some sort of plan that requires them to communicate with each other and she misses a communication they will kill our family here before we have a chance to get to them! You can’t take them out, you have to let them think that they are fooling you and see if you can discover their time table. I know that they want to find out how to acquire our powers before killing our family to torture Lucas, so I’m hoping it may buy us some time, but I also need you to be on guard and try to keep the children away from Jacob and keep me away from the patients. I know that I am asking a lot, but they are not like our family, they hunt and they do so brutally and barbarically, if they were to ever hunt there...”
 “I understand. I will talk to Ryan and Rachel and we will make sure that someone is watching them at all times, what about talking to the family without them being present?”
 “I am going to have to leave that up to you, but you have to be careful and no one can let on that they know. So if you do talk to them, do it alone and not in a big group without even Ryan and Rachel present. We don’t want them getting suspicious.”
 “What about you, how did you get away and where are you now?”
 “They may think that I am dead. The one who is pretending to be me caught me in the woods with another and they bit me. They left me for dead but I was rescued by a werewolf and am with him now.”
 “Mia, if you were bit, are you alright? Reginald told me that his transformation was brutal, more so than usual because he was a witch.”
 “I don’t think I transformed. I don’t feel as though I have changed, in fact, if I had changed, I couldn’t have been bleeding from the gash in my head. No, I’m sure that I haven’t changed.”
 “How could that be?”
 “I don’t know, but that isn’t important now, Jason, please, you need to protect them up there and if something should go wrong here, you are going to have to tell Andrew before the first full moon that Kayla and Nicholas may be turning into werewolves.”
 “What!” His loud response causes me drop the telephone. 
 Kenneth places it back in my hand. “Mia, what in the world is going on? You get bit by a vampire, they are turning into werewolves and you are with a werewolf now!” 
“Jason, please I know this is a lot to take in but Nicholas and Kayla were bitten, it was a misunderstanding and Andrew, Nicole and the real Jacob tried to heal them before Jacob was caught, but we don’t know what the repercussions of their being bitten may lead to. You just need to be prepared. I also need you to do something else for me. I know that some of the family is staying behind, someone overheard their suspicions and with Eva and Gabriel missing, it must have been decided to have them look for the others while getting the children safely home. When everyone returns, you need to determine who stayed behind and give them this number to contact me. We are going to try to get into contact with them, but if they are already gone, you can call them to get in contact with me, but don’t say it is me. Tell them it is someone who can help. We need to be very careful.” Taking in a deep breath, “I need you to do one last thing for me. After they all return, if Emma and Reginald return with them, have them leave Sanctuary and get in touch with me, but again, don’t say that it is me. The less you say on Sanctuary grounds near the imposters, the better. Please Jason, you need to be careful and tell Rachel and Ryan to be careful as well, if we slip it will be disastrous.”
 “Mia, are you sure that you are safe with this werewolf? If he or his pack bit the children, you cannot be safe with them. Maybe they are in league with that family.”
 “I am safe with him. The family has two of his children so we both have the same goal in mind. Jason, if you do tell Andrew and he has trouble believing you, tell him to look at her ring finger. But if you think it is too dangerous to tell him or that his reaction will give anything away, leave him in the dark. I can’t risk the children.”
 “Mia, are you sure that you are alright? This is quite a lot to take in.” 
 “I’m fine as long as we can protect the children. Jason, promise me, that you will do everything you can to protect yourselves and our family at Sanctuary. These vampires are more barbaric than you can imagine and we can’t afford for them to hurt anyone there.”
 “I promise. Can I reach you at this number you’re calling from?”
 “Yes, if that changes, I’ll call you again. I have to go, be careful.” With that I hang up.
 “I’m sorry Kenneth, or do you prefer father?”
 “Ken is fine actually.”
 “Ken, just tell me what it will take to convince you that I have not done anything to bewitch Grant and to get you to go back to the hospital one more time in search of those family members who are staying behind.”
 “Actually, I am already convinced. I know what a good man Grant is, maybe that is why I never truly wanted to admit to myself that I knew something had touched his life that could not be explained. I listened with an unobstructed heart to your conversation and although I could only hear your end, your concern for individuals besides yourself and your immediate family rang through ever word. No one can feign that type of concern. Although, I do have to ask you something, Grant told me that you became blind in the struggle, why didn’t you tell your friend that you are blind and that you and Grant are on your own?”
 “He is going to have a difficult enough time keeping the people at Sanctuary safe. If he does decide to tell my husband what happened, I can’t afford Andrew being distracted worrying about what is happening here with me in this condition. Any distraction could lead to a mistake which could cost someone their life. There is too much that can go wrong, everyone needs to be focused on protecting the children who are held captive here and the children and helpless patients that we have at the hospital, telling him would have served no purpose.”
 “I will be back as soon as I can, hopefully with your friends. In the meantime, if you need to rest, there are extra rooms upstairs that we have for visiting guests, have Grant show you to a room.”
 He retreats as Grant sits beside me. “Do you think that Jason can keep it from Marlena and whoever is Jacob?”
 “Jason is a very good man and knows the importance of what I asked, he will be very careful.”
 “What about the other two?”
 “I can trust them implicitly besides I cannot protect my children who are there from here and knowing their father unless he is sure that it isn’t me, he won’t attack me or Jacob. I know that in that moment of hesitation, one of my children or someone that I love will die. I know that Kenneth said that two of them were suspicious and staying behind, but we don’t really know what they are suspicious of. What if it isn’t about the imposters, they may only be searching for our missing family members. I can’t have two barbaric vampires with only who knows what kinds of strength and power looking like myself and my son go into a hospital and school area where there are not just our kind but humans who have no special power or strength to protect themselves and who have already suffered. I have to hope that giving them the heads up as to what is coming their way will prevent injury and death to those there and hopefully we can work on getting those here out. Do you think that if you go back to your pack without me that you could convince them that they have to move now and cannot wait to speak with anyone else or wait for their arrival?.”
 “Mia, when I left the pack to come and find you, I violated a direct order to stay on our lands, I have never broken from a direct order before. This type of behavior would only go to prove my sister’s argument that I have been bewitched. If I go back there now, it is likely that they will hold me in one of our cells.”
 “What are you talking about, what type of cell?”
 “We have holding cells. On occasion, we have had instances where our kind have gone crazy, been bitten or been bewitched and we have had to hold them until the elders decide what to do with them. If I were to return now, I would probably be held in the cell until they could determine that I was either not bewitched or that there was no help for me. Either way, it would be precious time lost.” 
 I hear something in his voice. “Grant is there something that you are holding back?”
 I hear him sigh. “Mia, you need to understand something first, it wasn’t that I thought I was holding something back from you and I wasn’t trying to mislead you, it’s just that I didn’t believe that it was possible and it was determined that my great, great grandfather had gone crazy because of the vampire bite that eventually killed him.”
 My mouth drops open. “What do you know?”
 “Mia, please I’m sorry that I wasn’t totally honest with you, but you have to admit you are not fully forthcoming with me either. It’s just that I was listening to you talking to Jason and if you really do trust him I think that you should know something and that you should call him back and let him know of this possibility.”
 “Grant what is it that you didn’t tell me?”
 “It wasn’t entirely true that I didn’t know of the possibility that David could change before this time. I told you that the story of Elizabeth was famous among our kind, but what I didn’t tell you was that she had come on to our land when she returned here for revenge against the family that took hers. She had taken several wolves, they stormed the estate during a hunt. She had underestimated them though and her pack was severely decimated. My great grandfather heard the cries that night and he and his brothers went into the woods against the elders’ orders. Two of his brothers died, but my great grandfather got Elizabeth and some of the others in her pack off of the estate. Elizabeth stayed here for a while to allow some of her members to recover from their injuries. While she was here, David must have caught her scent and I have heard vampires never forget a scent. She was walking the grounds when he came to her. She said that he was safe. She identified him as the one that had rescued her. However, that evening, two of our Elders were found bitten and then he went after Elizabeth. My grandfather leapt in between them and he was bitten. Elizabeth stayed with him until the end in the cell, the elders believed that Elizabeth was too young to remember what Lucas looked like and that somehow an imposter convinced her that it was him. Elizabeth insisted that she did not forget and my grandfather insisted that she was deceived by David saying that he saw the vampire transform from Lucas to David just before he lunged for Elizabeth. They thought that he was impaired because of the bite and that he could have never seen what he claimed. Obviously, we were all wrong. I’m sorry I kept this from you, but if they all have that power, Marlena might be able to change into someone else if she thinks that they suspect her, so if they tip their hand in any way, they need to grab her and find some way of holding her so that she or the one pretending to be Jacob can’t transform into anyone else.”
 As this sinks in, I remember David telling Marlena that after she bit me he would transform her. With any luck, maybe he is the only one with that power and found some way to transform them into one person. Hopefully, they can’t do it themselves. Calling Jason, I convey the possibility that if she or Jacob catch on or are out of their sight they could change into another persona. He tells me that he has already talked to Rachel and Ryan and that they are prepared to keep an eye on both of them and ensure that they don’t get to anyone, but that they aren’t sure if they will tell Andrew or any of my family until after they talk to Emma and Reginald since we don’t know enough about the family to know what their powers are and what they are capable of.
 “Mia, can I ask you something? You said that your son did not know how to transform and you didn’t know how so it couldn’t be from his being a witch, what are you people really because vampires don’t change.”
 “Grant, I’m sorry, I can’t say what allows him to change.”
 “Mia, please if he can do it and David can do it, at least if you told me what it is about you people that allow this type of transformation, we could learn what to look for. I need to understand what allows David to do this if we are ever to even have a chance at defeating them.”
 “I know that you are looking for answers, but I assure you that what allows my son to transform is not what allows David to change.”
 “How do you know? I understand that you want to protect your family, but if there is a new breed of vampire that could transform into anything they want, the way we transform from human to wolves; I need to know. I understand that your son is not evil, but those in the family that is near our territory are monsters and if you have answers, you need to share them please!”
 Feeling around for his hand, he puts it in mine knowing what I am searching for. “I know that you are frustrated and I can understand why, you have an evil force that is a constant threat to your family and all future generations and feel helpless to stop them because even when you get some, there are others out there and new ones being created all the time. I understand that feeling very well, but I assure you that what allows my son to change is not what allows David to transform. What he does must be a type of illusion and it must have limits, otherwise, he wouldn’t need answers from Jacob. Grant, the information that I am withholding from you can’t help you with this problem and may only bring more problems to you if you knew.”
 Before he responds, Kenneth enters, but his are the only footsteps. My heart sinks at the thought of it only being Grant and I. Despite our willingness, my impairments and his solitude against only who knows how many on the estate is a recipe for defeat. The cushion bows and Kenneth is next to me. “They have all left the hospital. I was speaking to the nurse at the front desk and she told me that they were a family that came to help out temporarily and were returning to their home. I had commented to her how that was too bad because we had a new parishioner who was very ill from the states and that I had heard some of the family were specialists in rare cases and wanted to see if they could come and see if there was anything that could be done to help. Antoinette informed me that two of them had let her know that they would be returning later on to finish up here, so I asked her to convey my plea that they come and see me. I explained that it was a matter of utmost importance and their assistance may save a life. I’m sure that they will come. In the meantime did you eat or would you like me to show you where you can rest? I think that it would be best if you and Grant waited upstairs, sister Christopher will be back shortly with father John. We were supposed to go over the schedule for visiting the patients at the hospital. Normally, I would reschedule, but he is a visiting priest and when I could not reach him at St. Steven’s rectory, the receptionist told me that she believes he is already on route.”
 “Thank you for trying father.”
 “It’s Ken and don’t worry, my meeting will be short and I’m sure that your friends will come when they return and get the message, especially if their concern for helping people is anything like yours.”
 Grant takes my hand. “Let me help you upstairs.”
 “Thank you.” With each step, the thought of having to wait weighs upon me. Any delay could lead to disaster.
 Reading my thoughts, Grant pulls me from my introspection. “I think it would be best if we are patient. I’m scared too, but on our own, I don’t think that we are equipped to save them.” Despite his words, his voice reveals his own distraction at this new conundrum. 
 “If we wait and they don’t come, we will have wasted more time. We should try to get onto the land and see if there is anything that we can do to help them.”
 “Mia, be reasonable, you can’t see, the only one outside of my pack is Ken and he is no match for even the weakest among them. I can call my son and see if they have heard anything from the ones we sent out for help.”
 As Grant talks to his son, my mind reels at the possibilities of what my family, both those here and now headed for home could face. If we could only free those here, they could easily grab the two who would be isolated in our territory. It’s quite ironic. Grant and I isolated here and Marlena and her family member isolated there with everyone’s lives hanging on which pair of lone fighters are victorious.
 Grant’s aggravated tone pulls me from my reverie. “We can’t wait that long...Don’t they understand that Julianne and Paul will be dead by then...We have already allowed this family to live too long and cause too much carnage...” 
His frustration rises with each word. He is getting louder. I reach and touch his arm reminding him of why we came up here and his tone turns hushed. “I do realize that the world does not believe we exist and that it would be dangerous for us if they learned about our existence and whereabouts, but maybe by giving into this fear, we have handicapped ourselves and allowed their reign of terror to flourish. If we were to get together and attack them, even if some of theirs escaped, who would they tell?...I understand that if they left the land they could attack in public and risk everyone, but I can’t sit idly by as I lose another family...No, you stay there. When a plan is in place, if I need you, I will call. 
 The phone clicks and he is pacing wildly in what I can now tell is a small room.
 “Grant, please sit down. We don’t want anyone to hear that we’re up here.”
 A guttural growl escapes before he is next to me.
 “What happened?”
 “The others returned with a small contingent who will hear our plea and take it back to their elders. Although they understand that two of ours are captured, they want more information on the family before deciding whether to attack. They too know of what happened when Elizabeth tried to attack and do not want to be caught underestimating the family. They sent out scouts who will report back to their pack before a decision is made, but that could take days and I don’t think we have that kind of time.”
 “Grant, what did you mean when you said that you wouldn’t lose another family?”
 His tone turns distant. “About fifty years ago, Amanda had returned to place the spell on our children. My son had just turned twenty-one and my wife, my two sons and I were on the outskirts of our land so that he could practice. We were trying to see if he could transform at will and track us. We heard screams in the woods and my first wife and oldest son ran to help. David and Kristen caught them before they could transform and they were gone before Jeffrey and I could reach them. We saw it all, the brutality and horror in Gwyneth’s eyes before they took her life. Jeffrey was so distraught after that, I sent him to live with a family we knew in Virginia. He never came back and now I’m faced with losing more of my children. You’re right, we can’t wait.” 
 “So when do we leave for the estate. They shouldn’t be expecting us and maybe, we could get to the others undetected. I know some spells that we can utilize if someone gets too close and maybe with some luck, if we can get to my family, they can help us get the children and get out of the estate.”
 He places his hand on mine. “Mia, I want to go but I need to get us a little help, otherwise, we are sure to be caught or killed.” 
 He is on the phone again, his tone conveying his impassioned plea. “Elizabeth, it’s Grant Sheffield, I need your help to save my children.”
 Listening, I wish I could hear her response as he reiterates what has occurred. He thanks her before telling her where we are. 
 “She and some of her pack will be here in a few hours. In the meantime, I need you to stay here.”
 “Where are you going?”
 “I need to sneak back onto our territory in order to retrieve stakes and some makeshift guns which we retrofitted to shoot them.”
 “You can shoot them?”
 “Yes and no. You see, I know that David is untouchable with something like this, he can repel it. Also, some of the older ones are very quick and their hearing is so good that they can hear the stakes flying at them. However, I am hoping if their younger ones are out patrolling on their own, we can incapacitate them long enough to get the children out.”
 Although I’m relieved we have a plan in place, his returning to his land fills me with fear. “Didn’t you say that it was dangerous for you to be caught by them, that they would lock you up? Can’t you just call your son and have him bring you the weapons?”
 “No, I need more than the one that each of our households are equipped with. I am going to have to break into our armory in order to have enough for Elizabeth and anyone she brings. I can’t get him involved in something like that. I will be back before Elizabeth.”
“Grant it’s too dangerous for you to go back now.” I can’t do this alone. If he gets caught would Elizabeth even listen to me or would she think that I bewitched him and then got him locked up. “Can’t they smell your scent?”
 “They could if they are looking for me, but I don’t think that they would ever think that I would sneak back on to our lands. Anyone detecting it may think it is something residual.”
 Remembering the spell we told the kids would make them undetectable to werewolves for a while, I hope it also works on a werewolf. “Grant, can I use a spell on you that may mask your scent for a while?”
 “Anything that might help, I’m all for. Go ahead.”
 I cast the spell and then hear the window open just before his fur brushes across my legs. He must be jumping out the window. Alone in the darkness unable to move for fear that those below will detect my presence, I decide to try to connect back with Jacob. 
All of a sudden, I feel as if I am back in the car accident so many years ago with my body being tossed about and broken. I am hitting a wall and being thrust against cold, metal bars. 
 Fog clouds my consciousness as David’s menacing voice pierces through the encroaching darkness. “Maybe that will teach you. Tell me what I want to know now.” His voice is closer and I feel myself moving upward.
 Gabriel shouts. “He can’t tell you anything, you knocked him unconscious. If you drop him again, you may kill him and then where will you be!”
 I’m descending and David’s response is even more distant. “Do you know anything about this boy and what he does?”
 “I know that if you kill him with your temper tantrums he will not be able to give you the information you are looking for.” I heard a crunch, a door slam and an anxious voice.
 “David, three werewolves have been detected at the outer perimeter. What do you want us to do? The young ones are nervous and will not go on patrol after what happened to Alexandra, Alex and Kristen?”
 His angry response echoes off the walls. “Must I do everything myself! Who caught the scent is it from their pack? Do we know which ones are on the grounds?”
 The sudden rattling of shackles, a thud, and scream shock me and I almost lose my connection. “Stop it!” There is more rattling and another thud. “Stop, they are just children!”
 “I don’t have time to deal with this, but maybe when I come back I will deal with you and then I will get my answers from the boy. Paul, I asked you if the wolves are from the pack.” I shudder hearing the deafening crash, His weak response is barely audible even to Jacob’s remarkable hearing.
 “Only one scent is familiar, the other two are not.”
 Quick footsteps retreat as the door slams again. Jacob fights through the fog to hear their fading conversation. “Get Nathaniel and Edward, we will kill two and send the one from their pack back bitten with a message that any further interference will result in the death of our captures and their lands will no longer be safe. Tell their member, they are to turn the woman over if she is alive or her body if dead. We need to make sure that there is no interference in our plan!” 
 Shackles fall and Gabriel’s hushed voice is in Jacob’s ear. “How badly are you hurt, do you think that you can transform. I need you to try now.” 
 After several moments, I feel Jacob’s tears trickling down. “I’m sorry, it isn’t happening.”
 “It’s alright, you can do it, you have to concentrate on releasing your fear, I know it is difficult, but Jacob, I know you felt your mother, you know she is alive and I’m sure that so are the others, we need to get out of here while they are occupied!” His tone is strained, probably to sound calm for Jacob, but he too is fearful.
 “But Emma and the others, we can’t leave them here, they’ll kill them.”
 “We won’t leave them here, Eva and I will work on the shackles, but you need to leave, these people are dangerous and if they find...” He stops short. I know why he doesn’t finish and am sure so does Jacob. 
 “I can’t go out there on my own. They are too scary. If I involuntarily come out of my transformation and they find me, they will take me somewhere else.” 
 He stiffens, paralyzed by fear.
 “Jacob it’s alright, we will work on the others’ restraints and leave together.”
 “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I just can’t...”
 “It’s alright, relax. We are here. It’s alright.”
 Eva’s panicked voice alerts Gabriel. “I hear footsteps approaching, you have to return.” 
 Gabriel must have shifted out of his shackles and I now understood why they haven’t all shifted to leave. 
 David’s aggravated voice is close. “Make sure you do not move from here and they don’t escape or I will kill you both myself and promise you that it will be slow and piece by piece.”
 Others run past as David barks orders. I wonder if Emma’s abilities are strong enough to protect them if David returns before they escape and if they do, can they get off the land. Knowing that it is extensive and not knowing how many brutal vampires remain frightens me. As the realization of David’s orders strike me, my own fear couples with Jacob’s, overloading my senses and I have to fight with everything I have to hold on to my connection. If Grant is still on the land when the remaining werewolf returns, he may be too afraid to leave his family to return or if the vampires don’t wait to attack, he could be caught in the middle of it. I need to warn them, but don’t even know how to get in touch with them.
Breaking my connection, I start to rise hoping Ken can reach and warn them of the possible impending attack. A cold hand clamps around my mouth and someone’s cool breath is at my ear.



Chapter Seven - A Fight To Rescue The Captives

 “Mia, it’s me, don’t scream.”
 His hand quickly retreats. I turn and throw my arms around Jackson and whisper. “How did you know? How...”
 He sits down taking me with him and someone sits on the other side. 
 “We were returning to the hospital to retrieve the map of the area when we caught your scent off of someone who entered. We listened and heard him inquire about us and then followed him here, but we had to wait until the werewolf left and we were sure no others were present.”
 Rising quickly, he is next to me. “Jackson, we need to warn the wolves! Help me downstairs.” Thrusting my hands out in front of me, I begin walking, searching for the door.
 Damian stops me. “Mia, what’s wrong?”
 “I can’t see, you have to help me downstairs, we have to warn the wolves that their party is or has been attacked and they may be attacked too!”
 Mia, the wolves are the ones that bit Nicholas and Kayla.”
 “It was a mistake, they didn’t mean too, please, I don’t have time to explain right now, just get me downstairs.”
 He lifts me and we are downstairs just as a door shuts. I call out to Kenneth. “How did you two get in here? Where is Grant?”
 “Father, please, you have to call Grant’s sister and warn them that their search party is being attacked and if they interfere, they will be attacked. Grant is there trying to get supplies to rescue his family, they can all be hurt.”
 As he leaves a message, Jackson questions me. “What’s going on?”
 “The werewolves that bit the children thought they were part of the family that was shooting at one of their own. The wolf that was shot rescued me and his children are trapped with Jacob, Gabriel, Eva and Emma in a dungeon somewhere on that estate. The family is pure evil and they are going after the wolves because of me. You have to warn them, their scouts are being hunted and they are going to send one back bitten demanding that the wolves stay out of their plans and turn me or my corpse over to them immediately.”
 I hear paper unfolding.
 “Can you show me where the wolves are located?” Damian must be asking Ken.
 “Mia, are you safe to stay here?”
 “Yes, go please.”
 The door flies open, but I feel someone’s back to my front, as several angry growls fill the room. Someone has backed me up to the wall and I can feel a hand around me. The growls turn even more vicious. There are too many, this is not Grant. One must have lunged at whoever is before me, I’m pushed into the wall and there is a yelp. 
Realizing who it must be, I scream. “Elizabeth, these vampires are part of Lucas Master’s family, not the ones that hunted you! Stop please, everyone!” 
 The growls continue, but movement seems to have stopped. Jackson’s voice rings out. “We mean you no harm. Our family is being held by those vampires and we were leaving to warn you of their attack.”
 A woman’s authoritative voice inquires, “What attack.”
 I interrupt. “Elizabeth, they are attacking a search party that the elders from Grant’s pack sent out to assess the situation and will attack the wolves if they try to interfere, they have to be warned. It may have already happened.” I grumble before Elizabeth retorts. “Why should we believe this is any more than a trick so that you can escape? Where is Grant?”
 “He went back there for weapons. He may even be caught in the middle of it now.”
 “How do we know that you didn’t kill him and are now trying to escape?”
 Ken intervenes. “They just arrived and the girl came in with Grant, she is injured and he is helping her. He said he trusts her and that some family has her children and his.”
 A pounding on the door silences us all. Grant bursts into the room. “Elizabeth, we have to get on to the estate now, they attacked one of our pack members and two in the scouting party are dead. David has two of my children and will kill them if we don’t rescue them.”
 The shuffling continues and the room feels quite warm. “Grant, what happened? Why are these vampires here claiming to be family of Lucas’?”
 “I don’t have time to explain that now, if my pack finds me, they will find her and drag me back.”
 “If you want my help, especially against David, you have to tell me what is going on so that I can prepare my pack, they are over at the church, waiting. When we smelled the vampires, only a few of us came in while the rest stayed behind getting ready to attack.”
 “Elizabeth, these vampires are not with David, they are with Lucas.”
 “Then why is your pack looking for you and why are your children with you?”
 I hear a deep sigh. “We were sent to David’s estate to monitor and determine if there was any way to attack them successfully. Before we completed our assessment, David decided to hunt my family. We made the mistake of thinking that we were strong enough and could take out a few of their men before returning to our pack. My children were not ready for the stress and did not transform in time. I lost Charlotte, Steve and Pauline and thought Paul and Julianne were also dead, but they were captured along with Mia’s children and some of her family and brought down to the dungeon.”
“David doesn’t take humans prisoner, he converts them or devours them, there has to be something that you are not telling me.” She must sense I am not a vampire.
 “Your right, David saw Mia’s son transform and wants to know the source of his power and how to use it.”
 “You can’t be correct, even David knows that vampires can’t transform into werewolves.”
 Grant’s response is hushed. “He didn’t transform into a werewolf, he was a mouse and then was a human.”
 “That’s not possible! Don’t lie to me! I won’t go up against David blind. You know what happened to my pack the last time.”
 “I’m not lying to you I swear. I saw him transform with my own eyes. They are different. I even saw Mia send David flying through the air before she got thrown up against a tree and hurt. I’m telling you there is something about her family and that is why David is keeping captives.”
 “But why keep your children?”
 “When I avoided their capture, I came across Mia and took her back to our lands. They don’t want her to interfere with David’s plan to wipe out Lucas and his family after learning their secrets. David transformed two from his coven and sent them back to the states with Mia’s family to take out all of her children and family members.”
 “Why does David want to take you out?” She’s addressing me and moving closer. I try to move around whoever is in front of me.
 “David thinks that I am Lucas wife and my family is his. He is seeking revenge for Lucas saving you and the werewolf plague that he believes Lucas brought upon his land because of you. He came after my children and during our attempted rescue, he saw that my son is unique and decided that he would be more use to him alive than dead, but since he lost my remaining family in the ambush, he sent two of his family back home with mine to destroy Lucas and his entire family. Now they are seeking me so that I can’t warn my family or interfere with their plan.”
 Grant interrupts. “How did you know? Were you with Jacob? Are my children still alive?”
 “They were when I was there, but then David left to attack the scouting party.”
 “Mia, that happened an hour ago and there is not much more time before they will kill them, my pack is searching feverishly for you and almost caught me, that’s why I brought my children here. I couldn’t risk having them stay there.” He must have turned to Ken.
 “I know this is more involvement than I said, but do you think that you could get my children to the tower at St. Steven’s until we return. I have no place else to hide them. If my pack finds them, they will try to use them to find me and Mia and if David finds them, he will kill them. Please Ken, you know they are good children and I desperately need your help.” 
 “Dad, we can help, especially if you are going back to the estate.” The young voice pleads.
 “No, you are not old enough or strong enough, please just go with Ken.” 
 Although Ken does not reply, I hear retreating footsteps and then Grant’s impassioned plea. “I need your help to save my children, the way my grandfather saved you and your men. Please I would not ask, but I have nowhere else to turn.”
 “Grant why is your pack hunting you, instead of helping in the rescue?”
 “My sister convinced them that Mia bewitched me and that she is in league with David in an attempt to destroy us because of what happened today.”
 “Grant you have to admit that what you are saying does not add up. Although I know David can change, we never heard that any of the others could, and they have never hunted outside of their own lands, not even for revenge. Besides you know how we were fooled once with the idea of Lucas’ return. What is to say that we are not being fooled again?”
 I have to interrupt. “Elizabeth, please, you are not being fooled and there are lives depending upon your help. How can I convince you that what we are telling you is true and that not only the lives of the captures are in danger but Lucas and our whole family that returned to the States as well as those we have living with us are in grave danger from the two barbaric vampires that returned with them especially if they contact others to help?”
 “If you are truly Lucas wife and he told you my story, you would know who ran away with me. I have never given that name to anyone.”
 Without even a second hesitation, I answer. “Florence was the woman that you and Lucas stayed with the spring that you escaped, you were on the estate of a distant relative of Lucas’ in France and Florence had a son. One day, when Lucas went to work she ran with you and her son. Lucas did find you, but knew that you could have a normal life with Florence and he even ensured that she was hired by a new nobleman, that you were taken care of until Florence remarried and you had a family. Then he left for the states and hadn’t returned until now. I am not his wife though, I am his sister-in-law and the children that David is trying to kill are my children, not Lucas’. David was mistaken, but they will die and so will Grant’s children if we don’t act soon. The first thing we have to do is to turn me over to David so that he will not attack Grant’s pack or kill the captures and you have enough time to plan an attack.”
 I hear several gasps around me.
 “Mia, you can’t be serious. We won’t allow you to be handed over to this David. I’m sure that he will kill you.” 
 “Jackson, if I don’t he will kill them. What if he decides that Jacob can’t help him or that it is too much trouble to keep him alive and kills him. At least if you turned me over, you could have time to plan an attack. Maybe I can even get Jacob to transform if he knows that you are waiting for him. I can’t just stay here and do nothing while that monster has my son! You know as well as I do that vampires can’t change, what if he is also a demon. We know all too well how lines can be crossed. What if he were to discover...” Sobs rip through my chest, giving me a moment of clarity to realize we are not alone and I stop abruptly. 
 Jackson wraps his arms around me. “Mia, we will get them back, Jacob is a very smart and powerful young man, he will come home to you, but you are in no position to turn yourself over to them, you couldn’t even see an impending attack to try to protect yourself. You know what will happen to you if your heart or brain is impaired, you will die. Stay here and we will see what we can do. Andrew should be back soon and Reginald and some of his contingent are still here, we can meet up with them and form a plan.”
 “But I can buy you some time. If he thinks that he is getting what he wants and can proceed with his plan, it will buy you time. I’m telling you that David is irrational and if he doesn’t get me, people will die and not just here, but at Sanctuary. Please trust me. He has already killed so many.” 
I grab his arms and my tone reflects my resolve. “If you won’t take me I’ll find a way to get there. I won’t take a chance with Jacob’s life!”
 “She is right.” Elizabeth responds authoritatively. “Turning her over may buy us time to formulate a plan. I know that she at least must have been with Lucas to know that Florence took me and ran with her son. Only he and I know this and if you are with Lucas, maybe we could work together to rescue everyone involved and put an end to this family and their reign of terror once and for all.”
 Damian’s response surprises me. “We can take out those who might be attacking, but we cannot take out anyone who is not a direct threat to the rescuers or captives.”
 “What do you mean you can’t help take out the family? They need to be stopped!”
 “I’m sorry, but we can only rescue those captured. We cannot openly attack.”
 “Does that mean if you were to come with us you would interfere with our plans?”
 “It means that our goal is to get those who should not be on that land off; and that is what we are going to do.”
 “Fine, but if your friend wants to go and buy us time, you need to let her go. If we can gain any advantage at all in an attack on this family, we have to take it. They will be expecting an immediate attack because of the scouts, but if she were to be turned over, and they thought the wolves would go back to being docile because of the loss of Grant’s family and the scouts, maybe we could plan a proper attack and catch them off guard. Trust me; we need any advantage that we can get to even hope to get out all of those being held. We’ll have our people try to take out as many of them or all if we can. Since you refuse to help us take them out, you will be in charge of retrieving the captives and getting them safely off of the land. I owe that much to Grant, just don’t interfere with our plans. How many do you have in your party and would any of them be willing to help us take them out?”
 From Jackson and Damian’s hesitation, I know they have no idea. “Grant, where did they instruct your pack to leave me? Did they give them any point of destination?”
 “Yes, but Mia, your friend is right, you aren’t in a position to do anything but go there to die.”
 “Where am I supposed to go?” I say more aggravated than I hoped.
 Cold hands grab my arms. “Mia, please be reasonable, you can’t do this.”
 “I have to, you know what could happen. I have to get to Jacob. I may be blind but I’m not weak and I can buy you time.” Frustration at this delay wells within me and I send Jackson flying across the room. As he crashes against something, I sink to the floor. I have never turned on anyone close to me and although I know he isn’t hurt, I know I’m losing control. “I’m so sorry.”
 He enfolds me in an embrace. “You didn’t hurt me.”
 “I shouldn’t have done that.” I hug him closer. It’s just...”
 “I know, you’re frustrated and afraid, but Mia do you really think giving him another hostage is going to help?”
 “Jackson, I know that my son is in trouble, his cousins have been bitten, his sister almost died and he has witnessed atrocities that I always hoped to keep from him. He may even think we’re dead. He needs his mother and he has to get out of there. If you were close and he could come to you, at least he would be safe. I even have an idea to possibly confuse and distract them, but we need to speak with Reginald on the way to see if it is possible.”
 “What are you considering?’
 Knowing the company and my desire not to give them any more information to make them suspect us or for David to use against us if they are captured, I want to speak with Jackson and Damian in private. “We can discuss that in the car, we need to get going. Jackson, please I need your help! I’m going with our without you, but I would feel much better if I could tell Jacob that you and Damian are waiting for him.”
 “You know that Andrew would be against this.”
 “Well then it’s a good thing he’s not here. Come on, is there a car available, and then you can tell me how you knew and what the plan is at home on the way.”
 “Let me call Reginald and let him know that we found you and what is going on. Elizabeth, would you be willing to work with those we send this way and then you can meet up with us at the drop off point?”
 “Have these vampires you are sending also been with Lucas?”
 “No, these individuals are locals who came to help us try to rescue the children and most of them are witches.”
 “Can they be trusted?”
 “They were sent to us by someone Lucas trusts implicitly and they risked their lives on the estate to rescue the children and our party when David and his entourage ambushed us to grab Jacob and replace Mia.”
 “Send them our way.”
 Grant grabs my hand. “Mia, my car is outside, we can take that.”
 “Grant, you should stay and coordinate with Elizabeth, but if we could take your car that would be very helpful.” As much as I trust Grant and know we have the same goals, I need to talk with Jackson and Damian alone. He hands the keys to someone.
 “Mia, please be careful and if they take you to the dungeon please tell my children that I love them and that we are coming for them.”
 I hug him. “I will get them the message either way, I promise.”
 Jackson takes my hand and leads me to the car. Placing me in the back, Damian sits next to me. “You want to send another message don’t you?”
 “Yes, I do, but it will be very dangerous without Emma so I understand if you don’t want to do it.”
 “You are about to enter a barbarian’s den blind and you are worried about me. When do we go?”
 “First I want to ask you something. Have you ever apparated as something other than yourself?”
 “No. Why?”
 “I was wondering if I could get Jacob to leave, if we could fool David and the others for a while with you appearing to be Jacob still in the cage they have him in and then fool them into believing that he escaped at the moment of attack so that they will be preoccupied with finding him. Maybe that would give us the advantage we need to get everyone off the grounds safely. I know that it is risky, but maybe Reginald has something that could protect your energy to minimize the risk to you.”
 He hesitates a moment. “Mia, I am willing to try, but I have never appeared as anyone other than myself. I’m not sure if it is possible, but maybe Reginald knows how I can change my appearance.”
 A moment later, he is speaking to Reginald. “We found Mia. We were right, the Mia and Jacob who returned are part of the family... No, we can’t call them and have them take her out, they have Jacob, Gabriel, Eva and Emma along with two children of a werewolf who rescued Mia that they will kill...No, it is no longer just about killing Lucas’ family. David knows that Jacob is special and can transform. He is trying to force Jacob to reveal how he has this power...I’ll put her on.”
 “Reginald, David is not just a vampire, I have been told he is like you, also a witch, but he is dark and I wonder from what I have been told, if he also has some connection to the demon world. There is a man back at St. Ann’s named Grant who knows a lot about this family. You and the others need to go there and meet with him and Elizabeth, she is there with her pack and they are planning on attacking. I have to warn you, they also plan on trying to destroy the family and will ask you if any of you are willing to help. We told them our goal is only to get the captures out, but I needed to warn you...No, I am not there, we are heading toward the estate now. David knows that a werewolf either took my corpse or rescued me and is insisting that I be delivered back to the estate to ensure that I cannot interfere with his plans or he will kill again. I have to get to Jacob and get him out of there... No there is nothing that you can say or do that would change my mind...I understand that I am under a lot of stress because this is like a hostage situation, but you also know that if I am correct and David is in league with demons and he finds out who he really has that I will never see my son again. I have a plan, but need to know if it is possible if Damian apparates to take Jacob’s place if there is something that we can do to make his energy appear as the image of Jacob. If we can do this, then you can go with the others and formulate a plan to rescue us, but ensure that Jacob is hidden away somewhere where no one will find him until we can get him back to Sanctuary. Yes I know Emma is there...She does. Could you also tell me how to manipulate the energy to make it appear as Jacob in case Emma is incapacitated?” Listening intently as he instructs me, I am more confident in my plan. “Yes I can put Damian back on.”
 Jackson pushes the engine to its limits. From his aggravated grunts, I know he can hear whatever Reginald is telling Damian. “Yes, I can do that. Grant can show you where we will be...Yes I do remember them, we will be expecting them. 
 Taking my hands, he strains to make his voice sound reassuring. “Mia, Reginald is sending two very powerful witches to escort Jacob if we can get him to come our way so that Jackson can watch and keep anyone who comes along off me.
 “How much further?”
 “We are traveling as fast as we can, but are still about thirty minutes out.”
 “How did you know that it wasn’t me or Jacob and has anyone else been replaced?”
 “No one else was replaced. Andrew knew as soon as we all reconvened at the hotel that the person returning as yourself and Jacob were imposters and so did Martina, but Martina warned him not to let on because she read the boy’s thoughts about the ones that got captured and then the woman’s thoughts about you and what was happening. 
 Nicole also knew immediately it was not you or Jacob. As Andrew and Lucas were trying to help Nicholas and Kayla, we got attacked. They carefully separated out the children, Lucas and Andrew from the rest of us. Then as we were rushing them to the car, Gabriel and Jacob got attacked and only Jacob returned to the car. We were in such a rush to get the children off of the land, that at first we stayed behind and Andrew went ahead, but then he called all of us back to the hotel. I am not sure exactly what happened because we didn’t want to make them suspicious, but by the time we arrived back at the hotel, Nicole was calling Lucas dad and saying how happy she was that they found you and Jacob while Nicholas and Kayla were hugging Andrew.”
 “So you don’t know how they knew, but are you sure that they did not make her or that Jacob suspicious?”
 “I saw the smug looks passing between them when they thought no one was looking. They have no idea that we know.”
 I feel slightly better knowing that at least everyone is aware of the switch. “I called up to Sanctuary to warn them. Jason, Ryan and Rachel will be prepared for them.”
 “Mia, they are not returning to Sanctuary, we couldn’t have them there not knowing how much power they really have or if they have any help in the states, so Lucas, Martina, Catherine, Francis and Nicole are returning with Victor to the farm, this way we can isolate them there. Victor called ahead to his family and they are gone from the main building so they will be safe but can aid in the protection of Nicole. Andrew went with Nicholas and Kayla to the airport and Serena will travel home with them. Jason is waiting to take them back to Sanctuary, Ryan will be waiting at the farm to give added protection to Nicole. Andrew should be back in the area at any moment, if he is not already back, I know he was anxious to return.”
 “Why isn’t Nicole returning to Sanctuary so that she would be away from Marlena and the imposter?”
 “They believe that she is Lucas’ child and if we had her leave, they may become suspicious, since we don’t know what they set up in the way of communications, we did not want to risk tipping our hand while they still have Jacob. Don’t worry. Victor has some of the same protections as Sanctuary to incapacitate demons if they enter his main farmhouse so that if they are part demon, their stronger powers will be impaired and there will be others with Nicole all the time, she is protected. They won’t leave her and will kill the imposters if something even looks as if it is going wrong. They are hoping to buy us some time by pretending to all be gathering at Lucas and your farm for an upcoming anniversary celebration. They are even pretending to be waiting for your other children to come home to celebrate. Andrew came up with this story to give us a few days to rescue Jacob and the others before capturing Marlena and that Jacob.
 “Why didn’t Andrew fly back with them? What if Nicholas and Kayla need more help because of the wolf bites?”
 “Nicholas and Kayla were perfectly fine when they left here. I understand that you are worried about them, but their hearts and minds are strong. Andrew is confident that they are fine. Nicole will be safe at the farm. Remember, they have only two that are on the actual lands. The perimeter is being watched and she has plenty of protection inside. Andrew only went to the airport to make sure that our story was holding up and that the children were fully protected before getting on the plane and that the other two did not become suspicious, but he already heard from Martina and called me on the way back. The story is holding up perfectly. Your children are very intelligent. They kept talking about how excited they are to see their cousins and siblings. Marlena and the other one are eating it up. They are salivating at the thought of getting a chance to take out Lucas’ entire family.”
I hear him sigh. “Mia, Andrew is very concerned that Jacob is out there exposed and doesn’t know we found you. You need to call him and let him know what is going on.”
 Unsure about calling Andrew, especially if he is in a position to stop me, I try to distract Damian. “Is he sure that they are healing alright and Nicole is alright? I know that she didn’t dispel the wolf venom in time and needed help?”
 “She’s fine. I promise you. Andrew would have never left her if there was even a hint that she was in danger, you know that.”
 “I know. How long has it been? I have lost all concept of time between channeling and not being able to see.”
 “It’s been about thirty hours. Have you slept at all or are you working purely off of adrenaline.”
 “Honestly, I’m not sure. When I was channeling, I may have drifted off.” I jump as the telephone rings knowing who it is and that they will not lie to him about what is going on. I only hope he will listen to reason..
 “Andrew, how far out are you?...Yes we found her, she’s alive.” Damian places the telephone in my hand.
 “Andrew, are you sure the children are alright?”
 “Nicholas and Kayla are safely on their way to Sanctuary. They are perfectly fine and very strong. Nicole is at Emma’s farm. All the effects of trying to cure Nicholas and Kayla have worn off and she is feeling stronger than ever. She is trying to hide her fear for Jacob so as not to give anything away and Victor is helping her with that. She is also being carefully monitored and watched. She has even mastered a protectionist light similar to yours. She’s amazing, just like her mother.” His voice reflects his pride. “Where are you? Are you at the hospital? I’m almost there.”
 Steadying myself hoping to make him understand that I have to protect Jacob at any cost, I clear my throat. “Andrew, I am just outside of the estate territory, I am going to turn myself over to David in hopes that he will put me in the dungeon with Jacob.”
 “Mia, what are you talking about?” Panic resonates in his tone.
 “Just listen. You know their plan changed, and I’m sure Martina told you that they grabbed Jacob because they saw him transform, but what you don’t know is that a werewolf saved me and his children are also trapped with Jacob. David is threatening to kill the captures and the wolf’s entire pack if I’m not turned over to him so that I cannot interfere with his plans.”
 “Mia...”
 “No, Andrew listen Elizabeth, the girl that Lucas rescued is actually a powerful werewolf and her pack is here to help rescue our family and impair David’s, but everyone needs time to formulate a plan. David is extremely erratic. He’s placed Jacob in a cage and threatened him. I have to get to him, see if I can placate David and get Jacob to get out of there. I forced Jackson and Damian to take me to the estate. Jacob is afraid to transform and leave Gabriel and Eva. He is terrified of what David will do to them and to him if he gets caught. I’m hoping to convince him that Jackson and Damian are waiting for him and that we will be safe if he leaves. I’m afraid that David has been untouchable because he is also in league with the demons and if he realizes who he has, we could lose him!” I can’t stop the sobs ripping through my chest.
 “Mia, I know that I can’t convince you not to go and I understand you want to protect Jacob, but do you think that by going, it will buy us time with David?”
 “I do. I think it will placate him, especially if he has been in contact with Marlena and they believe the story Jackson told me you came up with, which is brilliant.”
 “Where exactly are you going on the property? I will meet up with you. Mia, if you wait, I can go in with you and get Jacob. I can transform into an insect that you can place in your pocket and I will lead Jacob out and then Jackson and I can return for you and the others?”
 Thinking about this, a question comes to mind. “When you transform, does your scent change or could they detect that someone is with me. I know that after David bit me, they had Marlena bite me so that she would have my scent.”
 “You were bitten!” 
 Startled, I drop the phone. “Yes, but I’m fine. Andrew, do you know if you lose your scent?”
 “I don’t know, we can test it out when I arrive. Wait for me. Mia, have you fed since your transformation, otherwise you will get very weak?”
 “I haven’t transformed.”
 “That’s not possible. A bite either transforms you or kills you.”
 “I can’t explain it, but I can still hear my heart beating so I don’t believe that anything has happened to me.”
 “Mia, put Damian on the phone.” His tone is beyond concerned.
 Damian must have heard because his hand grasps the phone. “I can still hear her heart, it is strong and beating. Mia, can I remove your bandage a moment?”
 “Go ahead.”
 His cold hand lifts the side of the bandage and I hear his gasp. “She was definitely bitten.”
 He hands me back the telephone. “Mia, I don’t know how you haven’t transformed, especially since the bite is over twelve hours old, but wait for me.”
 “Andrew, we’re running out of time and I’m sure that David will scrutinize my scent very carefully. I think that it would be best if I went out alone and if you could transform into the eagle that I love so much and fly around the castle, I know that Jacob successfully transformed into a mouse before and I’m sure that I could get him to do it again, especially if he knows that his father is flying overhead.”
 “But if he doesn’t take you to the dungeon, you won’t be able to get him a message.”
 “If Jacob isn’t out within a half hour from your arrival then you will have to risk transforming and getting close to the dungeon, but otherwise, wait until you see him and he is clear enough that you can grab him and get him out of there. Damian and I have a plan that we think can fool David into believing that Jacob is still caged until the plan to get us all out can be solidified. I love you. We stopped, so we are here. I will see you soon.”
 “Mia, I love you too. Be careful, you know if your head or heart becomes damaged you could die. Also, there could be repercussions from that bite. I don’t know why you haven’t transformed, but if it was somehow delayed because you are a witch and it were to happen while you are captive, you’re not drinking right away is going to leave you extremely weak and vulnerable. Have you spoken to Reginald to see if his transformation was delayed because he was a witch first?” 
 “Honestly, I haven’t even thought about the issue. I will be fine. I have to go. I’m afraid with each passing moment that David could become more erratic and hurt Jacob. I love you.” Hanging up, I turn my head toward Damian. “Call Lucas and get the number for David so that I can tell him I’m here. Drop me off and then get as far away from here as you can so that he won’t detect you. When I’m gone, come back and wait for Andrew and Jacob.”
 “Mia, are you sure about this and why didn’t you tell Andrew that you are blind?” Consternation resonates in his tone.
 “It wouldn’t change the situation, please just call Lucas and get the number.” I fumble and grab his arm as it occurs to me that if he is with Marlena, it would ruin everything. “Call Grant instead, maybe he knows how I should let David know I have been turned over.” 
 “Grant, it’s Damian, did David tell you how to get in touch with him when you turned Mia over. I will tell her.”
 “Mia, go in about fifty paces and then call out to him. Supposedly there will be someone that is coming out to get you. They doubt it will be David, but use his name either way.”
 I feel for the handle and open the door. Damian’s cold hand is on my shoulder. “Mia, you should wait for Andrew. Even if he doesn’t go with you, maybe he could do something to help your sight and at least you could see what is coming at you and hopefully defray any type of attack.”
 “I thought about that, but if he cannot cure my blindness he will try to stop me from going. Damian, David is extremely irrational. When Jacob could not give him the answers he threw the entire cage against the wall. I don’t know how much more he can take. These monsters will kill everyone we love or turn my son over to hell’s gates if they ever realize who he is. I can’t risk that. I need to do whatever I can no matter what the cost to get him out of there. As soon as I get out, speed away so hopefully they don’t catch any type of scent. Tell Andrew I love him again and as soon as he has Jacob, apparate.” Knowing that once I leave the car, I probably will lose my life, I only hope that David will give me a moment with Jacob and I can convince him to go and that Gabriel and the others can get away while he is occupied with me. Because of the misapprehension of who I am, I’m sure David won’t let me live for long. 
 As I begin walking, the car’s engine revs and it speeds away. Stumbling over the undergrowth, I fall a few times, before calling out David’s name. I count another three hundred feet, then hit an immovable stone and know that I am flush against one of them. 
 Their hands clasp my shoulders. Lifting me from the ground, we are traveling quickly. A gruff, young’s man’s voice cuts through the blustery wind. “I told you I smelled her blood and thought I heard her breathing after Marlena left her for dead. You owe me an extra body in the next hunt.”
 “Who brought you to us?” 
 “The wolves followed your orders so you have no reason to attack them anymore.”
 “Did you contact your family?” He inquires and I can hear the threat in his voice.
 “They wouldn’t let me even have a telephone. They followed your orders to the letter so let the children that belong to them go. They will have no more involvement in this if you return their young ones.”
 The next thing I know I’m flying through the air and hit the ground with the thud. “You don’t tell us what to do!” 
 Unbearable pain radiates throughout my breaking body, spiking my already palpitating heart and pushing inflamed blood into every crevice of my being making me feel as if I will combust. 
 A panicked voice pierces through my pain. “Stop! David said if she was alive to bring her back that way. He wants to see if she can tell him about the boy or if he can use her to get his answers.”
 “Couldn’t we just say they dropped her body off and that she was dead?”
 “You know how good he is with knowing how long a body has been cold.”
 “Yes, but she is already cold since they bit her so what is another dead vampire.”
 I feel their presence as they move right next to me, neither saying a word for what feels like forever. I can’t understand their hesitation, especially if they think I’m a vampire, I wonder why I haven’t felt the flame of a lit match. Finally, and angry voice pulls me from my frozen state. “How did you not know this is an imposter? If we brought her back to David, he would kill us. Kill her now! I’ll tell David the wolves didn’t comply and to kill their children. We need to prepare for an attack and if she is there we have to find her before she interferes with the plan to take out Lucas’ children. I heard Marlena call him and say they are just waiting for the arrival of the rest of his family.”
 “Stop, please I am the one the David is waiting for. The wolves did comply, the young one said he heard my breathing after Marlena bit me, I’m sure he smelled my scent. It hasn’t changed. Please, just take me to David. I’m sure that he will know it’s me.”
 The older one retorts angrily. “Do you really think that we have been around this long because we can be fooled so easily? I can hear your heart beating. If I take you back to David, he’ll kill me. I’m sure that was your plan, have more of us being taken out by our own. You must be with the pack. Do you really think that you will be able to attack us? We took out your scouting party and we will take you out as well.”
 “I am the one David is looking for. I can show you the bite!” Tearing at my neck, I remove the bandage. “Please, no one else has to die! The wolves complied and I haven’t been able to contact anyone. In fact, when David thrust me against a tree, he made me blind. I can’t even see you. Please just turn me over. He’ll probably reward you. Maybe it is another power you are unaware of that stopped my transformation.” I bate. “I do have some interesting powers; just try this one on for size.” I flick my wrist and from the crash know I send one flying.
 My head spins and I feel faint, hanging on the precipice, knowing that if I tip the wrong way, the ones I love can die. “It does smell like her and that is definitely where Marlena bit the woman. She also looks like her.” The uncertainty of the younger’s voice halts my teetering, but will their decision pull me from the edge? 
“You know what he will do to us if we are wrong.” He retorts angrily.
 “I do, but she does look like the woman and her son did transform. What if she is telling the truth and Lucas’ whole family is somehow special and she survived the bite. David will definitely want to know how she did that and what else she can do. Just think about how he would reward us for a find like this. Maybe he would let us hunt a whole family. Because of everything that went wrong, I didn’t get my fill and I am still hungry.” The longing in his voice makes me ill.
 “In truth, so am I. Are you sure it smells like her? What if they did a trick like Marlena, he is in no mood for any more mistakes.”
 “I don’t think they would because we do have her son. I think it is the woman and just think of the gift that we could give David, maybe it would calm him down. He’s pretty upset and you know if the boy doesn’t give him the answers, he is going to take out his frustration first on us in hopes of preserving and cracking those in the dungeon.”
 “Alright, but if it is a trick, I’m going to tell him you forced me to take her.”
His gruff sigh tells me he is right on top of me. “Fine, but if I’m right, I get the first kill.”
 “Deal”
 Jerking me from the hard ground we are traveling at lightning speed. He pushes a door and we are through before it slams shut. I fight to calm my hyperactive heart as I’m thrust blindly into the unknown. I must keep calm and think of a way to get them to take me to Jacob. A woman’s shrill pulls me from my thoughts. “I see the wolves complied.”
 “Where’s David?”
 “I’m not sure. He flew out of here when the scouting party was discovered and hasn’t returned. Throw her in the dungeon with the others and find him. Maybe knowing that the wolves complied will put him in a better mood. Be careful, he is very aggravated with the lack of answers and having to wait for Lucas’ other children to return. You know how much he hates being separated from Marlena.”
 “Well we found another distraction for him. This is the woman they bit, but she didn’t transform, she must be special and probably the reason her son is special. She may be more willing to talk than the boy, because although she is special, she appears to have human physiology that can be damaged easily.” The menace in his voice alerts me that he has plans and is looking forward to testing my limits, but as long as he throws me in the dungeon first and I can get Jacob out, I’ll endure it all. I only hope I last long enough to give the others time to escape.
 “This could give him a very interesting distraction. Maybe we can even watch him tear her apart. Throw her in the dungeon, Shawn and William are on guard, she won’t get past them and find David the sooner he gets in a better mood, the better for all of us.”
 I can’t believe my luck, if they throw me in without chaining me, I can get to Jacob quickly and get him out. With the delay in taking me here, Andrew must be overhead by now. He can grab Jacob as soon as he’s clear and have Damian appear in the cage to fool David when he comes for me. 
Taking in a deep breath, I need to ready myself, move past my fears. Once Jacob is free, it will be better and if I can find a way to occupy David long enough with my supposed talent, the others can escape. Someone grasps my collar, pulling me, grabbing my neck, I struggle to loosen my collar which now feels like a noose around my neck as my legs crash against the long flight of stairs. 
My heart races with joy as I hear the door creek and they toss me inside. My face crashes against the floor and I hear someone gasp, but scramble to my knees as I hear a gruff voice.
“Lock the door. We’ll be back with David shortly.”
 Moving to I don’t know where as the footsteps retreat, I hear the voice I long for.
 “Mom”
 My head whips toward his sound. “Jacob where are you? Keep talking.”
 “Mom, what happened, how did they get you?”
Moving toward his panicked voice, I finally feel the bars. Reaching in, he throws his arms around me. “Jacob, are you hurt?”
 “No, I’m alright.”
 Hugging him tightly, I whisper as shackles hit the ground around me. The others are making noise to mask our conversation. “Jacob, listen to me, your father is probably flying overhead now and is waiting for you. Everyone is safe, but you need to leave here before David returns. You need to transform into the mouse again and get out of here. Once you are out, uncle Damian will project himself in the cage and we can make his energy look like you so it will look like you are still here. We will follow shortly, but you need to leave now!”
 Mom, the transformation makes me very weak when I come out of it, what if I come out of it before I reach dad and the others are around, they could kill me?”
 I didn’t realize that the transformations make them weak and wonder if that is why Gabriel or Eva did not transform and try to get him out before because then they could not help the others. Taking a deep breath, I make my voice sound confident, even though this new information spikes my fear. “Everything will be fine and your father will make sure that nothing happens to you. You don’t need to transform out of the mouse state until you are safely off of the grounds. Your father can fly with you in his mouth, so don’t worry, everything will be fine and you will be safe.” I hold him tighter, knowing that if he goes, he will be safe and that this will probably be my good-bye to him. “He is waiting for you so I need you to transform. Can you do that for me now? We don’t have a lot of time, they are looking for David now.”
 “Mom, I’m afraid, what if they catch me?”
“They won’t your father will protect you, you know that.”
“I know he will, but what about you, I can’t leave you and everyone here. If they discover I’m gone, they’ll kill you.”
 “Jacob, please, no one here will get killed and your father is flying as an eagle overhead. As soon as you clear the window start running and he will come down and get you, I promise you will be fine.” I feel for his face, stroking his cheek. “Jacob I need you to leave so that we can fight David and the others. We have friends coming our way to help us, but you need to leave before they realize who you are. Jacob, please do this for me now so that I can fight without distraction.”
 “Mom, why aren’t you looking at me? What’s wrong?”
 “Jacob, it’s alright, we can talk about that later. Right now, you need to go.”
 “Mom, you can’t see me, can you?”
 His tone tells me that lying to him won’t do me any good and that it is not the last thing I want him remembering about me. “Sweetie, it’s alright, I got hurt and my vision is impaired, but I’m sure it will come back soon. Don’t worry about that now. Do what I told you, please.” Hugging him one last time, his arms move from my back to my head. The most soothing heat emanates from his hands. It is the strangest sensation, passing through my bones. I can feel it reaching my very cells.
 “Jacob, transform now. Dad is waiting and so is uncle Damian. Go quickly so he can take your place. I love you and will see you soon.”
 After an all too short moment, his hands are gone and I can feel his retreat. Relief blossoms in my heart knowing that despite the risk, once he makes it out the window, Andrew will not let anything happen to him. I quietly call to Emma.
 “Mia, turn around on your knees. I am almost directly behind you.” She whispers. 
 Turning, I crawl toward her as the vampires outside yell “Stop the racket.”
 They stop immediately. We don’t want them in before Damian arrives. Stretching, I feel Emma’s hair. Placing my lips close to her ear, I tell her about Damian’s appearance and Reginald’s instructions to keep the image strong and solid to fool David if Damian is unable to do it on his own. Knowing Gabriel and Eva can hear, I tell her the others are coming. 
I need to get to Julianne and Paul to let them know that their father survived and is on his way. “Julianne” I called out.
 “I’m here. Who are you?” 
 “Keep talking.” As I get closer, she shuffles her feet. “Your father is alive and coming back for you, he is working with Elizabeth, just hold on. Don’t do anything to get them angry. I am going to try to distract David. 
 “What about my mother, did she make it back?”
 Not wanting to upset her when she needs to focus and avoid inciting them, I can’t say too much. “Your father rescued me and then was isolated because the pack was nervous that they may have been fooled into taking someone in who is in league with David, so I don’t really know what happened to your family.”
 “Mia, he’s here.”
 I scoot backwards to be near the cage again and hear Julianne gasp and then whisper to Paul. “That’s not possible.”
 “It must be, you see him too.”
“We have him.” Heat from my elation warms my being and a genuine smile threatens to split my face in two. No matter what else happens, my children will be safe. Hearing the distant voices, I shut down, if they look in, they must see fear and desperation, I still need to give the others an opportunity to escape. 
 The voices are closer. “You fools, just because she is a witch that doesn’t mean she could survive a bite. Marlena and I were very powerful witches before we changed. She has to be an imposter.”
 The door hits the wall. Instantaneously, the cage screeches across the floor, crashing into another. 
Gabriel yells. “You’re going to kill him. Stop!” I scream out Jacob’s name hoping to help in the charade. 
 David grabs the back of my hair, pulling me to my feet. His nose skims my neck near the wound as he inhales deeply. “The scent is the same and she does look like the woman I changed Marlena into.” 
 Thrusting me forward, my head smacks the concrete floor, pain radiates excruciatingly through my body, I can barely concentrate. “It can’t be her.” He is becoming more irate by the moment. I need him to move away from the others.
 “I…” He’s on me, his sharp teeth graze across my neck over the bite that they had left, tearing it open anew. The blood spurts, I can feel him drink, and then he’s off me. “Marlena and I definitely bit her there. I taste Marlena’s lips and teeth in the bite marks. Grab her and follow me, we will see what happens to her and get our answers.” They grab my collar once more. Automatically, my hand whips up holding the seam, right before they drag me across the cold, hard floor. Gabriel and Eva scream “No” while pulling at their shackles. 
 The door slams and I am like a rag doll being dragged as my legs again whack the stairs. The darkness veiling my visions is becoming lighter and lighter. Hazy, yellowing concrete walls pass swiftly by, along with statutes of armor and large ornate oil paintings. The lights are dim. The doors are dark wood and closed. A tall, burly vampire brings up the rear. He appears nervous and is staring at the one dragging me. 
My pounding heart speeds the blood flow from my neck. I must calm down, I must calm down. I repeat my mantra, I need to slow my anxious heart, drag out my death to give the others time. I’m gone anyways, the least I can do for all they have given me is to fight to give them time. 
From everything I heard from David, he likes to see the fear in someone’s eyes as he drains their life force. I know when I cannot provide him answers, he will thoroughly enjoy watching me die slowly, unless his temper gets the better of him and he just throws me against the wall a few more times, which will hasten my death from blunt force trauma. My mind drifts momentarily and I’m not sure which outcome I’m hoping for. 
 The one carrying me rushes through the only open door, knocks me to the floor just before standing by the opening. 
 David pulls me up by my hair as his long fingers dig into the open wound on my neck. Screaming out in pain, trying to recoil from his grasp, he digs in deeper and then slowly brings his bloodied fingers to his lips before placing them in his mouth. “Still human” 
Digging in once more, I scream again, but cannot even move a muscle, he has locked me into place. “Tell me what you are really to survive a vampire bite or I promise you the pain you are feeling now will be nothing compared to the pain and suffering I will inflict upon you. You want to tell me, you want to spare yourself the pain, you want your death and the death of your loved ones to be quick and painless.” 
 Staring into my eyes, his pupils grow larger and smaller. Despite the throbbing, my spiked adrenaline clears my mind. He is trying to hypnotize me in some way, yet I do not feel influenced at all. Digging his nails deeper, he lifts me by my shoulder and sends me sailing through the air. Crashing into a chair, I am surprised and grateful for the landing considering I expected to be propelled into a wall. David licks his fingers and then is instantly upon me grabbing my arm and digging his long nail into it causing yet another gash. “Tell me what I want to know or you will bleed to death slowly and we will feast upon your corpse.”
 His words churn in my mind and I know how I can draw out my death. “You’re going to kill me and my family anyway. Why should I tell you anything that would give you more power to continue your terrorizing ways?” 
 His features turn slowly from irate to cold and calculating as my words register with him. As they transform, I can’t help but stare, something about his face seems so familiar, but I cannot determine quite what it is. Moving from me, he stops at a table, picks up a wine decanter and a beautiful crystal goblet and pours himself a drink of what I assume is blood. My stomach lurches as he holds his hand over the goblet allowing the remnants of my blood to drip slowly from his fingers to drip, mixing with the liquid.
Looking at me, a slow feral smile touches his lips and he moves toward an antique, overstuffed leather chair before an oversized fireplace. Snapping his fingers, a roaring fire instantly appears.
 Sniffing the glass like a wine connoisseur would sniff the bouquet of an expensive wine, he takes a sip. “Mia is it?”
 “Yes.” I reply softly.
 “You know there is no chance of your escaping. Although you think that you are powerful, you’re not. I sent you flying across the woods with a mere flick of my wrist. You are no match for me, especially since you are human. Your kind’s physiology is so frail you know.” He shakes his head in mock sympathy. “I don’t know how you survived being bitten, but all that means to me is that I get to enjoy a tasty treat if you displease me.
He pauses, letting the words sink in as he takes a slow swig. “You and your son do have something that I want. You look like a civilized person and I’m sure that you must have been fooled into marrying Lucas. He is very weak and no match for our kind, not really. He doesn’t like the kill. You know we will kill him for the plague he brought upon my land which killed his wife and my sister. He left her here to die, his own wife, just like he has left you here with me to die. He is a coward and that will cost him his life. Obviously you and your son are very talented and much more than just a witch and half vampire. I know the source of your son’s power must come from you. Lucas couldn’t even make a strong vampire, so I am sure there is absolutely nothing that he contributed to your children. Your son did not even scream as I threw him across the room despite my hearing his bones crack. I’m sure his vampire side has cured them however, but that wouldn’t allow him to transform, not the way he did. It was not a trick, he was really a mouse and then a man. I could smell the changes in him.”
 He pauses, waiting for me to speak. If I stay calm and see where this change may lead, maybe I can keep him talking long enough for everything to fall into place. “What would be my incentive besides you’re not killing me to tell you anything?” My voice sounds weak, probably from the loss of blood, but deliberate. 
 He’s upon me immediately, grabbing my wrist, holding it over the goblet allowing the blood to drip in. “No sense in wasting good blood.” When the cup is filled, he hands me a tapestry cloth. “You should tie it off or you will bleed to death before we have an opportunity to finish our conversation.” 
His voice turns icy. “I’m sure that you love your children and know that our plans were to wipe you, Lucas and your family out because of what your cowardly husband did to my family and the plague which he brought upon my land after we spent centuries eradicating this nuisance from our continent.” Pausing, his voice turns gentle. “I am curious about something though and wonder if you would tell me.”
 “Try me.”
 “Did Lucas know he was saving a powerful werewolf when he rescued her?” I’m surprised at his change in tact, but anything to delay the inevitable.
 “You may not believe me, but Lucas never meant you any harm. All he wanted to do was leave and get his kill off of the land. He just couldn’t live hunting people. All he rescued that day was a little girl. She was not a werewolf at the time. It was actually you who made Elizabeth the powerful werewolf she is today by killing her family.”
 “I did hear that, although I’m surprised that you would tell me.”
 Realizing I gave away too much, I wonder if I could use it to my advantage. “I told you, I am interested in whether or not you and I could come to some deal considering your desire to acquire information that can be used against your enemies.”
 His features turn contemplative. “I’m sure you are aware that after I saw what your son could do our plans changed slightly. That is why he is still alive and Marlena hasn’t done anything to those you love at home.”
 Wanting to keep him intrigued for as long as possible thinking I’m strong in ways he is not, I decide to push my luck and entice him with the only trick that I could possibly attempt, since I have no real answers nor would I ever tell him anything that could remotely place my children at risk. “Don’t lie to me David that is not the way to start negotiations.” 
I try to sound strong and determined, but in my weakened state, my voice waivers. “Marlena hasn’t done anything because she is awaiting the return of the rest of my children before she attacks.” 
His widening eyes betray his shock and I seize my opportunity. 
“Yes, I know why she is waiting, so don’t try to fool me. I also know something else that you have done.” 
 Curiosity rages igniting flickering flames in his eyes. I sit back, watching him silently as this information sinks in. 
 “I know you have not contacted your family. She is carefully monitoring that and has not left Nicole or Lucas’ side since they departed this land. Amelia assured me that the wolves refused to even allow you close to a telephone before she returned you to our land. She would not lie to me for fear of losing more family members. She, out of all of them, is very clear on what we have done to her family and what we will do if they interfere with us ever again, so how did you know this?”
 It’s my turn to be shocked. I didn’t realize he had direct contact with Grant’s sister, but thankfully he appears to be under the misapprehension that the wolves brought me back onto the land and never lost control over me.
 The longer he stays focused on me, the better the chances of our attack and their escape, so I continue my rouse. “When Marlena bit me, I connected to her tying us together. Not only can I feel her when I channel, but I also know her thoughts. When she arrived at our home, she learned of the anniversary gathering that we are having and the return of my other children to celebrate. She contacted you to let you know that she would not do anything until they arrive and then she promised to wipe out my entire family and my husband. She promised she would not fail you and would even try to learn the source of our power before taking them out.” His eyes grow colder, sterner, but still betray his shock. After a moment, they also betray his desire and longing to possess this type of power.
 “Do your other children possess such powers?” 
 “Are we bargaining David?”
 “We could be.” He notes calculatingly. “You do appear to have something to offer me that I don’t have.” Suddenly, he doubles over grasping his stomach. Straightening himself, his features appear confused, afraid even before turning steely.
 “Tell me how did your son transform from that mouse into himself, the only ones who have ever been able to transform were the wolves and even they used to be governed by the full moon.” 
 I decide to try something hoping to peak his intrigue with just me for now. “David, you haven’t offered me anything in trade for such information. Besides, that is not what you really want to know. You want to know if my son’s transformation was real and if that is how he escaped when you had his cousins. You want to know if his transformation is not an illusion the way your transformation was all those years ago when you made yourself appear as Lucas to seek revenge against Elizabeth or the way you are now trying to fool my family into believing the illusion of Marlena and whomever you sent to portray my son is real.”
 His resolve slips and features waiver, my gamble is working and he is considering my words. In his distraction, I loosen the tourniquet knowing he won’t be able to resist coming back for more blood. 
 His nose flares, he rises and is upon me, grabbing my arm again allowing the blood which is once again flowing to fill his goblet. Pulling me closer to him, his voice turns harsh. “I am offering you your life. Now tie that tightly, you cannot afford to keep me fed, although I do appreciate your noble attempt at a distraction.”
 It’s strange, but at this moment, he is not at all the irrational individual I heard all day. He seems more refined, calmer. I tighten the band as he returns to his seat. “Since you know about the replacement of your son, tell me, is your Jacob also tied to my Alexander?”
 “Again you are seeking answers but all you offer me is my life. My life is meaningless if you are going to take my family from me, so why don’t you release my son, he can’t give you what you want, only I can. Release him and the others and then you and I can talk.”
 Taking a slow, long sip, he appears to be contemplating his next move. “If I release the others, I lose a very valuable bargaining chip and your incentive to give me what I want.”
 “David, stop toying with me. You still have Marlena and the other one at my home with my other children and husband. Knowing what you are capable of, I’m sure that they would take out my family before I could even find a phone to warn them. Consider my offer. In fact as an incentive, I will even answer one of your questions. My son is not capable of reading the thoughts of your Alexander. He is young and you know how young ones can be.” 
 “Yes, but if I release them, they could warn your family.”
 “David, my family is an ocean away. You know those in the dungeon don’t have cell phones. Even if you were to release them, it will be hours before they are even off your vast estate. If I don’t give you your answers within the first ten minutes, not only would you be able to recapture those you freed, but you would be able to wipe out my entire family.” 
 He stares silently at me, hopefully considering my offer. If I could get Gabriel and the others at least moving, they would have a better chance at being saved when the others arrive. David blurs before me as fog creeps into every facet of my system, I’m becoming weaker with each passing moment and wonder if it is only because of the loss of blood and lack of food or sleep or if I am actually going through the transformation Andrew warned me about.
 “Henry, Anthony go and release our captures from the dungeon but take her son to me.” 
 “That was not the deal I offered you.” My insides are spinning out of control, as soon as they reach for Jacob, they will know it is an illusion and kill the others.
 He is out of his seat and upon me before I can even register his movement. Loosening my tourniquet, he pierces the wound with his talon like nails and extracts yet another goblet of blood. “Mia, I have shown you a courtesy and yet you play games with me. I will release the others because they are of no use to me and for that you will give me the information I desire or watch your son suffer knowing that your other children will suffer the same.” He grasps my chin, pulling my face up to his. “If you do give me the information without trouble, I may consider allowing you and your children to live and show me what other talents and tricks you have learned as my special guests. Do not trifle with me. I’m sure that my family would be all too happy to hear me call a hunt upon your friends if you should fail to give me what I want while I torture and feast upon your half-breed as you lay there helpless forced to watch the life force slowly escape from his eyes and the last scream escape his soon to be muted lips.” Releasing my chin, he flicks his wrist causing my body to fly across the room. 
 Hitting the wall, I gasp, but not out of pain, the two have returned grasping Jacob. I can’t understand it, he escaped. Damian told me he was safely with Andrew. My head spins wildly. I can barely hear the others speaking. “We let them go, they are fast, but you have about an hour before they will reach wolf territory even at full speed.”
 “Gather the others and follow them. Henry, you stay with me. If I do not get my answers in five minutes, catch up to the others and you can enjoy the hunt on at least the two wolves and the witch. Just dispose of the two vampires.”
 I panic. Why would they allow Jacob to come back? Andrew would never risk him like that. He must have escaped from Andrew, but how and what am I going to do? I have no answers, David is not naïve and can’t be fooled by any parlor tricks of mine and my son will pay the price. Crawling, I try getting closer to Jacob in hopes of casting some sort of spell that will deflect David long enough for Jacob to run again. 
David is upon me, pulling me off the floor. “Now tell me about your special talents Mia. Tell me how your son transformed and how you have not become a vampire. What are you really?”
 My eyes glance toward Henry whose fidgeting in anticipation of David ordering the hunt. I propel myself with hands outstretched hoping to repel David while yelling to Jacob. “Run, Jacob, now out the window.” David goes back, but quickly recovers and is upon me instantly, the goblet disintegrating in his hands which grasp my neck. About to thrust my head into the floor, he stops stunned, and stares at his hand. I feel a sticky ooze dripping down along my clavicle and wonder if he reopened my head gash. 
 He cries out startling us both. “It’s not possible.” As he gathers his wits, he yells to Henry. “Kill them all.” Henry is out the door in a flash. Unexpectedly, Jacob hurls himself through the air at David. 
 “Jacob, run!” 
 The next moment, I know my eyes cannot be registering what they see. Flying through the air, it is not Jacob, but Andrew, his eyes fierce. Knocking David off of me, he tosses him across the room. Instantly, I am in his arms and we are at the door. Stunned, I can barely speak. “Where’s Jacob?”
 “He’s safe, don’t worry. Try not to talk. You are losing blood. Tie the tourniquet tighter. As we sped across the grounds, I hear vicious growls, screams for assistance and spells being cast all around us.
 “What about the others?” 
 I don’t know how you got them to come down and release them, but that was brilliant. You will have to tell me later. They were out the door as I was brought up to you. I’m sure they got the children out and that Gabriel, Eva and Emma are fighting with the others. Mia, please don’t talk, your heart rate is extremely erratic and I need you to focus on calming it down. Everyone will be...” We are hit from behind, crashing toward the cold, hard ground. I hear a crunch, but feel no pain. Andrew is wrapping himself around me tightly, rolling. By protecting me, he is making himself vulnerable. I hear his grunts and the breaking of some bones. 
 “Andrew, let me go, I’ll be alright.” He doesn’t, so I struggle. Finally he releases me, but stays close. With my hands freed, I gather the energy and repel the vampire attacking us. Picking me up again, Andrew starts running. 
A familiar voice bellows. “Andrew stop running, it will be fine.”
 Andrew halts as Reginald comes beside us, tossing the vampire who crashed into us at least one hundred feet into the air sending him crashing down before a wolf. The wolf drags him into the woods.
 “Andrew, get Mia back into the estate. The woods are crawling with our people, Elizabeth’s people and wolves from the neighboring land. They mistakenly attacked Gabriel and two of my men. I can smell Mia’s blood and hear her weakened heart. Emma told me she can’t see and was bitten. It’s too dangerous for you to be traveling now with everyone on the grounds. Emma took the children and is hiding in one of the rooms with Eva, see if you can find them. I know you will find this impossible to believe, but the estate is the safest place to be right now until I can gather some more of my people. We will come for you. Alone you are too vulnerable and the closer you get to the drop off area, the more wolves you will encounter who are afraid and out of control.”
 Turning, he runs back with us. 
 “How many are on the grounds?” Andrew inquires.
 “There are twenty of my people. Elizabeth brought fifteen and I don’t know how many from the other pack. Elizabeth’s men are staying close to my people because two of my men got attacked near the drop off point by another wolf’s pack who were attacked just before Mia was dropped off.”
 “What about Gabriel, is he alright?”
 “He is fine. They roughed him up, but Grant’s children turned on their own and knocked them down to protect Gabriel and Eva and then ran with them and Emma. They are just waiting for my people to get all together and then they will leave.”
 “Do you really think it was safe for them to return to the estate?”
 “I didn’t like sending them back there, but honestly, I was more afraid to have them out here on their own with everyone out of control and not knowing each other. Emma is very strong and I sent Cecil, their way. I’m sure she has found them and that between all of them they will be fine until I can get the others to them. I think that it would be best if we stuck together and tried to leave as a group, this way, no matter who we encounter, we will have our bases covered. I only need a few moments. We only broke up into three groups. It shouldn’t take me long to find them, they were heading toward the estate anyway. Mia, do you know how many were in there?”
 “Honestly, no, but I did hear David give some of them the order to gather the others and follow Gabriel, so they would be ready to attack them if I didn’t give him what he wanted.”
 That’s good. They must have been the group that scattered when the wolves began to attack. We saw them as we were running toward Emma.
 “Do you think that there were any more in the estate?”
 Before I answer, several blood curdling howls rip through the atmosphere and Reginald is gone. Andrew runs quickly back to the estate. Hopefully we are not heading into disaster. Andrew is hurt, I am weak and if David is still in the house, I doubt we could fight him off successfully. “Andrew what if there are others in the house?”
 “Mia, it’s alright. We will be fine. Reginald is right. With the wolves out to kill all of the vampires, we need to leave as a group, it is safer that way. We just need to find the right side of the estate that they are in. I’m sure that Eva is at the window ready to have the others jump from it if anything goes wrong. They would never allow themselves to get trapped in there again. They are ready for an attack and are probably hiding in a room no higher than the second floor with at least two windows so that they can get everyone out if necessary. Circling the building, my heart rate accelerates with fear considering what we may encounter. Taking in a deep breath, hoping to calm it, instead my head begins spinning wildly and I wonder if I am going through the conversion now or if my body is finally registering the pain and loss of blood. My peripheral vision is obliterated by the encroaching darkness and I fear my blindness is returning. As my heart rate spikes, I quickly pierce my lips so my fears do not surreptitiously escape to compound and already overwhelming situation. Somewhere, my conscious registers that Andrew has run around two sides of the building and is leaping up to a second story window with me in his arms. I register a room full of familiar faces before my vision fails and my consciousness fades.
 Resurfacing, I feel Andrew’s hands at the back of my head exuding that same strange, yet comforting heat. A moment later, the veil is lifted from my eyes and my vision is clearer than before. Trying to sit up, his hands move gently towards his lips and mine before they are at my ear, speaking softer than a gentle breeze. “Mia, don’t move, you are healing, but there is activity in the hallway and they seem panicked. Something is happening.” 
 My eyes dart around the room. Grant’s children are at the two windows with Eva, while Gabriel and the others are at the two doors. Emma is mumbling with her hands outstretched before one door, while Cecil is at the other.
 My voice is barely a whisper. “What are they doing?”
 “They’re chanting a repellant spell to keep the door immovable.”
 Eva moves to Andrew’s side. “Reginald is here with the others. They’re outside.”
 He enters through the window and Grant’s children jump out. Moving to take Cecil’s place, she jumps out. I’m shocked as he opens the door slightly and appears to be listening. Andrew lifts me. As we walk toward the window, Reginald joins us. In a hushed tone, “Mia, what spell did you cast upon David?”
 My eyes tear up meeting his which rage with curiosity. “I tried to repel him, but that didn’t work.”
 “Mia, you had to do something else, the three remaining vampires in the house are frantic, David is bleeding and they swear they can hear a heart beating within him.”
 Andrew answers before I can. “Reginald you know that’s not possible. If everyone is together, we have to leave.”
 “Go on ahead, I’ll catch up.”
 I grab his hand. “Reginald, come with us, you can’t stay here. It’s dangerous. If the wolves enter, they will mistake you for one of David’s clan, you could be killed. Elizabeth and the others are bent upon the destruction of every last member on this estate.”
 “There probably aren’t many left around the estate. They were either killed or escaped. The only ones left are the three that entered shortly before Steven’s group joined us and David. If what they are saying is true, I have to investigate. Nothing like this has ever happened and probably will never happen again.”
 “Reginald, please, it is not a good idea.”
 He places his hand upon mine causing a very strange feeling to course through me. I feel better than well all of a sudden. “Mia, I will be fine, you know I can’t pass up gathering new information about our kind. I need to see this David for myself, see if what they are claiming is real. I will be quick, I promise and then I will meet up with you. I just need to see this for myself.”
 Knowing all he risked for me in the past, I can’t leave him alone in this. “Andrew we can’t leave him. You know what would happen if the wolves find him.” 
 Cecil jumps back through the window. “What is keeping you?”
 “Cecil, take the others and go. I overheard the others, David is bleeding and they hear a heartbeat.”
 Her features turn to stone as she grabs his hand. “Reginald, you know that is not possible, this curse is not reversible. We cannot bleed and our heart stops for all eternity the day darkness engulfs us.”
 “I know what you are saying, but what if what they are panicked over is happening. I can’t leave such a question unanswered. You know that this is what so many of our kind have been searching for through the millennia. If there is even the remotest possibility, I cannot leave.”
 I hear her resigned sigh. “Go, find this David. We will keep the others at bay. Be quick, the sooner we leave, the better, we have three wounded, two dead and don’t forget three of his got back into the estate.”
 “Thank you.”
 My pleading eyes meet Andrew’s. “We can’t leave him, we know where David is and if he is hurt, he probably hasn’t left.”
 “Mia, do you even feel strong enough to move around? You lost a lot of blood. Even though your wounds are healed and I increased your body’s rate of replacing what you lost, I’m sure you are still very weak.”
 “I feel fine. I’m sure once we take him to David he will quickly see that it is not possible. Andrew please I don’t want to leave him here alone.”
 He turns to Reginald. “Alright, we’ll take you to him, but Reginald once you see it is not possible, we have to leave quickly.”
 He places his hand on Andrew. “Thank you.”
 The others are back now too, Gabriel must have heard. “Let’s go, we all stay together.”
 We travel through the hall quickly. I don’t know why, but I’m surprised Andrew remembers where we were.
 Entering, no one is there. Reginald moves inside more and leans down where David fell after Andrew knocked him off me. He inhales deeply and mutters to himself. “This is not possible. It can’t be.” Pain contorts his features. He sweeps his hand across the rug and brings now bloodied fingertips to his nose. Rising, he is out of the room in a flash. We follow, Andrew keeping me close. Outside, Andrew practically lifts me, plastering me to his hip as we hurriedly cross the land. 
 We finally stop near a cottage with an abundant field. Reginald moves slowly now, finally stopping before a man crouched over tomato plants. Falling to his knees, Reginald is at eye level with David. As David turns toward him, I see tomato juice dripping from his mouth. I cannot make sense of the scene before me. Vampires do not eat and Reginald is extending a shaking hand out to touch David whose eyes dart between Reginald and our group wildly. He looks as if he has aged a century. He is a frail and withering shadow of the man who is aging before our eyes, but I know without a doubt that it is David.
 As the darkness from his black eyes fade, turning them blue, his voice is a shattered echo. “How is this possible?” Thinking he means what is happening to him, I nearly sink to the floor hearing what he says next.
 “I should have known brother that one of yours would be the downfall to this existence. I heard the rumors of you fighting our kind and all that you accomplished. I guess it was all true. But tell me, how? Grant me this one last wish brother. How did she make me human again?”
 If Andrew wasn’t holding me up, I would once again be acquainted with the cold, unwelcoming ground. Reginald appears frozen for what seems like hours, but I know is only moments. “Why? I don’t understand, I thought you were dead. How could you turn into this? How could you do this Sebastian?”
 His eyes turn back to black and his tone turns cold, maybe even maniacal. “Balance brother, for everyone good, there must be someone evil. The day we were ambushed you continued on a good path and I converted into a vessel for hell.” Holding the tomato to his lips, he bites it once more. “I forgot how wonderful food could be.” Before even swallowing, he is gone. Reginald is immobilized for the longest time then finally turns to us. “Quick, someone get a container with a cover.” 
 A moment later, someone returns with a jug. Reginald’s nail grazes David’s arm opening a vein. Placing David’s arm over the opening, he collects David’s blood before handing the container to Cecil. “Keep it cold, it may give us answers.” 
 Lifting David’s body, he moves forward. “We need to leave.” 
 We travel in silence. Andrew carries me, but appears as stunned as the rest of us. As reason returns to me, the realization that the danger is not over hits me. “We have to contact the others, if they try to reach David or if the ones who were in the estate contact them, they will kill Nicole.”
 One of Reginald’s party hands Gabriel a cell phone. He speaks softly. “Ryan it’s Gabriel have them capture Mia and Jacob, we are all fine. Call me back at...” Eva almost crashes into him as he halts. “What happened, say it again.” 
 My blood runs cold as Andrew and the others stop.
 “Are you absolutely sure? I’ll call you back shortly.”
 Andrew turns to Gabriel. “What’s going on?”
 “The one who was Jacob has been destroyed. He tried to attack the others when their Mia began screaming that it had to be a trick and demanded to know what they did to her.”
 “What are you talking about?”
 “The one who was Mia keeled over in pain and Ryan says her heart is beating. She is being well guarded, but they can’t understand what is going on. They think it is some kind of a trick.”
 “Where is Nicole? Is she safe?” I ask panicked.
 “She is fine. When that Jacob began to lose control, Catherine got Nicole out of there. She is on her way back to Sanctuary with your children, Emma. Victor wanted them off the grounds as well. Relief registers in her eyes and we being moving forward again.
 We’re back in the woods and have covered about half a mile when angry growls rip through the trees as menacing wolves surround us about to attack. One bursts through the tees, transforming and running towards our party. Paul and Julianne run towards him, throwing themselves at him and hugging him fiercely. Putting me down, Andrew slips me behind him. Standing stalk still, some of the others slowly transform, coming out from behind the trees to join us. A woman moves towards Reginald, her nostrils flair before her facial features freeze.
 After a moment, she moves closer, inhaling deeply. Her eyes scan David and then focus on Reginald. “Is this him?” The surprise in her voice is unmistakable.
 “Yes.” He responds quietly.
 Her eyes tear away from his as she grabs David’s arm. “Is this some type of a trick to get us to leave?” She retorts coldly.
 “This is no trick. Feel free to search the grounds, you will not find the one you are looking for because this is him, but be advised, there were still three in the estate when we left and I don’t know if the ones who had run off will return.”
 Her eyes scan David once more before she grabs his other arm, slits his skin and brings the open wound up to her nose. Dropping it, she jumps back.
 A man comes behind her, putting his hand on her shoulder. “What’s wrong?”
 She turns to him, disbelief evident in her features as he enfolds her in an embrace. Her voice is soft, but audible. “It’s his scent, I can smell it in the blood, but that’s impossible.”
 The man steps before her, shielding her, the way Andrew is shielding me, his eyes cold and fierce. He motions for the others with them to back off. “What are you people?”
 I pull myself around Andrew, who holds me close to his side. “We are just a family who wants to go home and these are our friends who helped save my son and some of your own.”
 The man who was hugging his children moves toward me. “I’m glad that you are alright. My children told me that you negotiated their freedom. Thank you.” He hugs me. 
 “Thank you for coming back for me when you did. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. He glances at Andrew. “Grant, this is my husband, Andrew.” 
 Andrew releases me and they shake hands. “Thank you for all you did to help Mia.” 
 Elizabeth moves closer to us finally. “Grant it looks as if we are done here now that David is dead. I think it is best if we leave here. Although the others are nothing without him, I have some men in need of medical attention and do not want to risk encountering any problems.”
 Andrew interjects. “If you accompany us back to the hospital, I’m sure that we could treat your men.”
 Her features reveal her shock. “You’re physicians?”
 “Yes we were working at a local hospital here with Lucas before this all started.”
 Her eyes light up. “Is he at the hospital now?”
 “No, he returned to the states to fool the woman pretending to be my wife into thinking we lived on a farm.”
 “How is he doing? Is he happy?”
 “I hope so. He’s married to my sister.” He laughs. “He is also a doctor and has been working with us intermittently over the centuries at a hospital we established in Maine and has now settled there.”
 “When you see him could you let him know that I could never thank him enough for saving me that night and that I didn’t stay with Florence because I was ungrateful for all he did, I just desperately missed my mother and it was comfortable with her. I heard him return one night, in fact I saw him, but I wasn’t ready to leave the possibility of feeling safe with a family instead of hiding out waiting to be caught by someone.” She sounds wistful.
 Andrew’s features soften. “Elizabeth, Lucas wanted you to stay with Florence. He understood completely and knew that he could never give you a normal life. All he ever wanted for you was to be safe and happy. I’m sure that he would love to hear from you. When we return, we could get your men healed and ready to travel back home and give him a call.”
 Traveling back, I didn’t realize Andrew dialed Jacob. “Jacob it’s dad we have mom and everything is alright. I’ll put her on.”
 “Jacob, are you alright?”
 “I am now that you are out of that awful place too. Mom I can’t believe you came for me when you couldn’t see.”
 “Honey, I would come for you anywhere and in any condition. I’m just so glad that you are safe.”
 “Mom, I just spoke to Nicole, she is fine too. She arrived at Sanctuary a few minutes ago and already saw Nicholas and Kayla. Where are you?”
 “We are leaving the estate and heading toward the hospital, some people who came to help us got hurt. Are you there?”
 “No, I’m at St. Stevens with Uncle Jackson. They didn’t want to return to the hospital, they didn’t think it was a good idea. Is Uncle Gabriel, Aunt Eva and Emma alright or did they get hurt?”
 “They are fine. Some of the people who came to help us from around here got hurt. I will be there as soon as I can. Are you sure you’re alright?”
 “I am, but I’m really sorry you got hurt mom. Do you think you will ever be able to see again?” His voice betrays how upset he is thinking I’m hurt.
 “Jacob, I can already see again. You are amazing. I could...” I stop knowing it is not wise to reveal anything to those surrounding them, despite all of their help.
 “Mom, are you alright?”
 “Yes, we are traveling back with the others. I will see you soon. I love you.”
 “I love you too. Mom, hold on, uncle Jackson wants to talk to you.”
 Knowing he wants to speak with Eva, I hand her the telephone. The cars come into view as she hangs up.
 We travel back with Eva, Gabriel, Emma and Reginald. Andrew cradles me in his lap as Gabriel drives. Emma is on the telephone with Victor. As my head lay on Andrew’s shoulder, I drift in and out of sleep. Reginald’s hand moves to my shoulder and he is asking me what happened between me and David, but Andrew interjects. “Why don’t we wait on that and give her some time to recuperate.” 



Chapter Eight - Heading Home

 The car stops before the hospital. Andrew lifts me out. “I can walk. I’m fine, really.”
 “We need to get fluids in you. I’m not sure what is going on or why you haven’t transformed, but you have two bites on you and while you were sleeping, I spoke with Reginald, his transformation was not delayed.”
 “Andrew, I feel fine, really. Is Jacob on his way?”
 “Yes he is returning with Jackson and Grant’s children. They should be here soon. In the meantime, I need to get you settled and help the others.”
 “Where’s Reginald?”
 “He took Sebastian’s body to the morgue. James wants him to extract certain organs and prepare the body in a certain way to assist him in his research.” His tone reveals his continued surprise. “Mia, I heard his heart beating and could easily smell the fresh blood as Reginald extracted it into the jug.”
 “I don’t understand. I thought he was a vampire.”
 “He was. He was turned over three millennia with Reginald. He was Reginald’s older brother. They were attacked one evening, Reginald witnessed his conversion and they were together for a few hundred years before Reginald thought Sebastian had been destroyed in an ambush.” 
 “But if you heard a heartbeat, how could he be a vampire? Could he have just been some sort of demon?”
 I don’t think so. When we found him, I heard him inquire how you made him human. He and Marlena both accused you of doing something to them to convert them back.”
 “But I didn’t do anything. I couldn’t even think of a spell to cast other than the repellant spell and witches use that on vampires all the time.” 
 Placing me on a bed in the room, Andrew is hooking up IV solutions when Gabriel enters. “Andrew, we have a problem.” His grave features concern me.
 “Is it the kids?” I ask as my heart rate spikes.
 “No, it’s Jamison. He was very surprised to see us arrive back here. At first, I thought it was because we had so many in need of help, but then he became very nervous.”
 Andrew interrupts. “I know when you’re beating around the bush. What are you afraid to tell me?”
 “Andrew you need to stay calm and remember he is human.” As Gabriel stares at Andrew, it clicks. I grab Andrew’s hands knowing what Gabriel is about to reveal. Reading my fear, Gabriel puts his hands on Andrew’s shoulders, bolting him to the floor.
 “What is it?”
 “Jamison is the one who told David, I mean Sebastian’s family where to find Lucas and the kids.”
 The guttural growl tearing up Andrew’s chest frightens me. As much as I understand what he is feeling and what he wants to do, I fear for those in the hospital and, in truth, for Andrew if he takes revenge. “Andrew, please stop. There are others here.”
 Fury blazes in his eyes just before he closes them. When he finally opens them, they are filled with confusion. “Why would he do that?”
 “The ones who grabbed the children came to him after seeing a picture of the dedication and offered him immortality to tell them about Lucas and where he was.”
 “But they’re children. Why would he do that?”
 “I don’t think he knew what was going to happen honestly.”
 “Is Reginald done preparing the body for transport?”
 “He should be done shortly.”
 “Take Jamison down to him and have Reginald make him forget about those two and what happened. I need to help some of the others. Margarite and Charlie are hurt pretty bad. Someone told me a wolf named Amelia is critical. I don’t want to risk running into Jamison while I’m here and we can’t leave with him knowing of our kind.”
 Gabriel nods and is out the door.
 Andrew turns back to me. “Will you be alright if I leave for a few minutes?”
 “I’m fine go see what you can do to help the others. I want to call the children anyway.”
 He kisses me gently and hands me my telephone before departing. 
 I speak with Nicole, Nicholas and Kayla. Thankfully they are all feeling better physically, but I could hear the change in their voices and know that the repercussions of this terrible event have forever changed them. I always knew that this day would come when they would have to deal with the dark side of the surreal, but wished it would have been when they were much older. Although we can help them, this course of events opened my eyes. I only hope that Reginald will not be too preoccupied with this new mystery to return with us and teach the children everything he knows. Either way, I need to ensure that they feel empowered and ready for any future challenges. Closing my eyes, I know that this time, someone was watching over them and offer a little prayer of thanks for His bringing them home. 
 A cold hand upon mine pulls me from introspection and I open my eyes.
 “How are you feeling?”
 “I’m doing much better now that the children are safe and we are out of there. Did Andrew send you in?”
 “He thought you might like some company. He is going to be a little while. Although he could start the healing process with our party easily, Elizabeth is watching her men closely and Andrew doesn’t want to reveal anything to them so Eva is helping him make it appear as if everything is happening with the hospital instruments.”
 Taking Damian’s hands, “Thank you for risking yourself to get messages to the kids.”
 “Mia, please, what I did was nothing. You are the brave one. Besides, you know how much we love them.”
 “I do know, but what I don’t know is how you and Andrew traded places?”
 “That was actually Andrew’s idea. Once you left and he learned you couldn’t see, he became desperate to get to you. He was going to go in as a small animal, but knowing how weak transformations make us and how they had already seen Jacob go from a mouse to human, we figured that wouldn’t give him enough of a surprise factor, especially since he was already weak from transforming to get Jacob away from the estate. He called Reginald and asked if there was a way for Emma to make him appear as Jacob. As Reginald was explaining how that could backfire, Reginald asked Andrew if we had ever transformed into anything but animals. In truth, we had never transformed into animals much because of the side effects. It was always a last resort. It’s my understanding that Jackson experimented so as not to impair Andrew further and as soon as he accomplished it, Andrew was off and Reginald shook me until I came back.”
 I gasp. “I didn’t know that was possible.” I say more to myself.
 “We were surprised too. It was probably good that we didn’t know because when we were fighting, we could have killed each other.” His head shakes as if dismissing a disturbing image. Rising, he closes off the drained IV before taking my blood pressure, pulse and listening to my heart. “How do you feel physically?”
 “A little tired, but otherwise alright.”
 Removing the IV, he holds his hand out to me. “You should try to eat something. Let me take you to the cafeteria.”
 As we walk down the hall, the outside doors open and I fall to my knees to catch a running Jacob. Hugging him tightly, another set of arms wraps around us both.
 Feeling his tears, I loosen my grip to wipe them away and kiss his cheek. “It’s alright. You’re safe and we’ll be going home soon.”
 “I know, it’s just I’m so happy to see you. I was so afraid when you made me leave that I’d never see you again.”
 “I know sweetie, but you listened to me, dad got you right away, just like I said, and you were safe.”
 “I know, but I couldn’t help being afraid. I’m sorry.”
 “Jacob you have nothing to be sorry about.”
 He interrupts. “But if I was stronger, they wouldn’t have taken us.”
 I always knew Jacob’s personality was similar to Andrew’s, but at this moment, I know he is his father, taking everything onto himself regarding everyone around him. “Jacob, you are strong and it’s not up to you to protect everyone. That is our job. Jacob, I am the one who wanted you to grow up as normal as possible and wouldn’t let you fully explore your powers.”
 Andrew interrupts us both. “Both of you stop right now.” He states authoritatively and puts his hands on Jacob’s shoulders. “Jacob, we know how strong you were for your siblings and how you kept a level head through it all. Despite being scared, you proved to be wise beyond your years and your heart is filled with compassion, but you need to remember, you are still a child. I know your mother blames herself for not allowing you to learn how to use your powers fully and you feel weak because you couldn’t utilize them to their fullest potential, but both of you need to understand that the reason you are so strong in character is because of the choices we made for you and the realization that real life takes hard work, compromise, and love. You will get stronger as you get older, but with that strength comes awesome responsibility and temptations, that is why we wanted as much of your developmental childhood to be normal and for you to learn how to be patient and work for what you want. You saw how evil that family was. They gave in to temptations and saw how they could use their strength against those who are weaker to get what they wanted without having to really work for it and despite the cost to others, but you, always think of others, trying to make them feel better. You are a remarkable young man. I know that what you saw and experienced makes you feel weak and that you were afraid, but you are stronger than all of those who held you. In time, you will learn more about your strengths and I know that you will use them to help others like we do and to protect those who are weaker than yourself, but never lose yourself or isolate yourself because you are taking on the guilt for everything that happens around you. There will be times, when the circumstances cause the outcome to become something other than what you desire, but never forget there are others who are around you to help you and to hold on to the good that this life has to offer you.” He shakes his head slightly. “I forgot that until your mother came in to my life.” Rising, he holds my hand and hugs Jacob. 
 “I love you dad.” He hugs him tightly. “But you really have to show me how to turn into an eagle, flying in your mouth was really awesome and I would love to try and fly myself.”
 Andrew laughs. “I promise when we get home, I’ll teach you.” He kisses his cheek. “I have to go and check on some of the ones who were hurt.”
 Staring into my now focused eyes, he smiles. “Mom, that was awesome too. Can I learn how to use my healing power when we get home too?” 
 “Absolutely, you healed my sight very well.”
 Jacob’s face lights up like a Christmas tree. “I healed you?”
 “Yes you did young man, but I’m sure if you want to learn more about what to do, dad will show you.”
 “Mom, I know this may make you mad, but if we promise not to use our powers except when you say that it is alright, I wish you would consider letting us learn how to use all of them. I know we can’t use them all the time, but knowing that there are bad people out there like this, if something were to ever happen, we are old enough now to understand the difference about protecting ourselves and seeking revenge. I know why you didn’t let us learn earlier, because we couldn’t understand that before, but maybe now you could consider it.” 
 His voice and features hold such hope. “I was thinking the same thing. Jacob, it isn’t that I didn’t want you to learn, I just always knew you were safe at Sanctuary with us. I wanted you to grow up without all of the pressure that this type of strength and power comes with, but now, I do understand why you would want to know more about your abilities and from what I heard you definitely have developed a maturity level that I feel more comfortable having you experiment.” 
 “Thanks mom and I promise we won’t use it around the others and never without your permission or in anger. I don’t ever want to become like the people who had us.”
 “I know you don’t. Are you hungry? 
A huge smile lights up his face. “That depends, have I earned a little ice cream?”
 “You have earned whatever you would like to eat and that we can rustle up from the cafeteria.” 
 Entering, we are not the only ones with the idea. It is filled with Elizabeth’s men, Grant and his family and Reginald’s people. Jacob stands in line. Taking an apple, he smiles widely and I can’t stop laughing. Taking two more steps, he takes an ice cream sundae from the freezer. Taking a granola bar, I follow him and he sits with Grant’s family.
 “How is Amelia?”
 “She is stable now. The nurse told me that Andrew saved her life.”
 “I’m glad that she’s doing well.”
 “Tell Andrew thank you. I’m sure it must have been hard for him considering what she did.”
 “Grant, I told you, I understood perfectly that she was just trying to protect her family, the way I wanted to protect mine. How is the rest of your pack?”
 “Most escaped without serious injury, but...” He stops, his eyes shifting to his children.
 Rising, I whisper in Jacob’s ear. “I’m just going to talk to Grant for a moment, right over there, but I can still see you alright.”
 He nods and Grant and I move over to the corner of the room.
 “Did something happen to your pack?”
 “They are fine, but have asked us not to return.”
 “I don’t understand.”
 “Mia, I broke direct orders, by calling Elizabeth and her pack to initiate an attack while the elders were assessing the situation. They discovered that I took weapons and blame me for putting others at risk because once the attack started, they felt forced to go in to ensure that they protected the lands.”
 “Don’t they realize with David gone, their lands are safer now?”
 “They do know that, but they feel that because of what I did, I am not reliable, that I could be a danger to them because of my erratic decisions and refusal to follow direct orders.”
 I put my hand on his shoulder. “I’m so sorry that you got in trouble because of me.”
 “Mia, you didn’t get me in trouble. This was a long time in coming. I had already broken the rules when we didn’t try to escape immediately when they began the hunt. Truthfully we let their reign of terror go on too long. They abandoned me when they refused to act immediately to help me save my children knowing what my family suffered already.” He shakes his head and closes his eyes. Opening them, they are raw and full of regret. “I can understand now why my son felt the way he did and had to leave. Maybe he was right. I need to think about a new start for my family. Maybe my next road will even lead me to seeing my son.” His tone is wistful. “From there, we’ll decide what to do.”
 Andrew is now beside me, brushing my hand softly, sending tingles throughout my entire being. “You are always welcome to come to Sanctuary and stay for as long as you would like.” My eyes shoot up to him and he is focused on Grant.
 Grant’s eyes shift to him, but he appears stunned. “I can’t impose upon you like that.”
 “It is no imposition at all. After what you did for Mia, you are always welcome there.”
 “But I’m not a physician. Isn’t it a hospital?” 
 “We also have a school there for children with special gifts and have established a community for their families.”
 “I’m not a licensed teacher either. I have only helped our children.”
 “You do have knowledge of werewolves and we are uncertain what will happen to Nicholas and Kayla the first full moon. Besides, even if they do not turn, you would still be welcome.”
 As his words drive home this new issue, fear for what they could experience causes my pulse to race. “Do you think that will happen?”
 Placing his arms around me, his voice softens. “Mia, we tried to get out the wolf venom and I think we did, but I just can’t be sure. We’ll know better once we’re home.”
 “What will happen if they do turn? Do we have anyone there that knows about werewolves?”
 “We have come across werewolves before, but ...” Stopping, he takes both my hands in his. “Don’t worry. I’m sure that whatever happens, Nicholas and Kayla will be fine. Grant can give us some answers if he would like to come or if he decides to go a different path, I’m sure that someone in our group knows where we can find someone to help them. Mia, it will be alright, I promise you.” He hugs me tightly, probably hearing my increased heart rate.
 “He’s right. If your children are as strong as you, they will be fine. Trust me, I know it seems bad, but you should just look at it as another source of power. I’m sure that someone in the group here knows how to get in touch with Amanda. She told me powerful witches keep in contact and your group seems pretty powerful, she can come and ensure that your children are not governed by the full moon. Besides, like your husband said, it may not even happen.”
 I smile weakly. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you. It’s not that I see your power as a bad thing, it’s just...”
 He interrupts me. “I understand, you have had a lot to deal with and are thinking about all the issues your children will face. I grew up always knowing this life, but my mother always spoke of how terrifying it was for her, not knowing what was happening and how to control it.” He turns to Andrew. “Thank you for the offer to come to Sanctuary for a while.”
 Paul joins our group. “Dad, I’m going to check on Amelia and see if she is up.” He turns to Andrew and me. “Thank you for everything you did to help rescue us. If I don’t see you before you return home, have a safe trip, Jacob was telling me about it, I can see why he is anxious to go back there. It seems you have quite a lot of interesting activity.” He laughs. 
 He pats Grant on the shoulder. “Dad, you may want to talk to Julianne, Elaina, Josh, and Christian. The say they won’t go home and are thinking about joining Jeff.”
 “Paul before you go see your aunt, I think we should all talk.” He turns to us. “Excuse us.” 
 We sit by Jacob. “Mom, do you know that they can transform too.”
 Andrew answers. “Their transformation is not like yours Jacob, they can only turn into wolves and their power to do this does not come from the same source as yours.”
 “I know it’s just cool.”
 “You’re right it is.”
 “Are we going to be going home soon?”
 “We’ll be leaving in a few hours. I have to help out just a little bit more and we are awaiting a plane from home to take us back.”
 “Is Reginald coming with us?” I inquire.
 “Yes, we are going to have Marlena moved as well and James is even going to come up for a while to see if they can get some answers.”
 While Andrew tends to the wounded, there is someone I have to thank and say good-bye to. “Jacob, come and take a walk with me to see Kenneth and say good-bye.”
 As we rise, so does Damian. His features appear concerned. “Jacob, can you throw away your trash and then we’ll leave.” When he reaches the receptacle, I turn to Damian. “What’s wrong?”
 “Would you mind if I came with you. Look, I know that I’m being over cautious and that the ones who escaped would probably not suspect that we would come back here, but as far as they are concerned, we did something to David...” Jacob is almost back with us. “I would feel better accompanying you.”
 Outside, nervous butterflies spread their wings and I hold Jacob’s hand tightly as my eyes dart in all directions straining to see if there is anyone in the shadows. Arriving at St. Ann’s, I knock on the rectory door, there is no answer, but I see a light on in the church. Entering, I hear Grant’s voice.
 “I think that we will go and see Jeff. I was always hoping that I could mend some of the damage I did before he left. I can understand now why he felt the need to go. I only hope that he can forgive me for staying.”
 “He already has forgiven you. This could be a new start for all of you, just be honest with him. Let him in. You were both suffering and blaming yourselves so much, that you could not reach out to each other.”
 “But how can I ever explain to him that I allowed him, my only surviving son to suffer through his pain alone because I couldn’t let go of the dead. How do I tell him that I couldn’t leave because Gwyneth and Joshua were still with me and I just couldn’t let them go? I let him try to forge ahead knowing that he was in pain. What type of person am I that I sent a grieving young man who needed his father off alone while I stayed to communicate with the spirits of the dead?”
 “Grant, he understands that you were hurting too and that each of you had to deal it in your own way. I’m not saying that he understood that right away or that he wasn’t angry for a long time, but that changed when he was in medical school. He learned that loss affects people in different ways and how circumstances impact people. He saw how people sometimes shut down, despite someone’s best efforts and withdraw from those closest to them. We have been in touch and I know that if you are honest with him about what happened, I’m sure you will have an opportunity to forge a new and stronger relationship. Maybe you should consider going to Sanctuary as Andrew and Mia offered, it will give you both an opportunity to meet on neutral ground where no words have been spoken and no hard feelings can be remembered. Give yourselves every opportunity to forge ahead on equal footing and allow him to get close to his siblings while you get to know your new grandchildren.” 
 I hear him giggle and know as he looks at Grant, whose features are frozen at twenty-one, the thought of his being a grandfather is just too humorous.
 As our footsteps echo, Grant looks up and moves down the aisle. Reaching us, “I hope I didn’t disturb your talk.”
 “No, I was just leaving anyway. I have to get back to the hospital and see what my children would like to do. Will you be returning there?”
 “Yes, Andrew is still there with his siblings taking care of the others, I just wanted to talk to Ken and thank him.”
 “Well then, I will see you back there.” He exits quickly.
 Damian and Jacob go over to the statutes while I walk down to Ken.
 “Mia, how are you feeling? Grant told me that your sight returned.”
 “I am feeling much better now that my family is safe and home. We are getting ready to head back ourselves, but I wanted to come by and thank you for everything that you did to help us and for allowing Jacob to stay with you when they got him off of the estate.”
 “You are very welcome. I am glad that everything worked out for you. Mia, can I ask a favor of you?”
 “Anything, what is it?”
 “When you return to the hospital, would you speak with Grant about returning with you? I know that you probably overheard some of our conversation and are aware that Grant had a son who left after his first wife and elder son were brutally murdered. He and Jeff may not realize how much they need each other and how much time they lost blaming themselves for something which sounds like was well beyond their power to stop. I met Jeff once, when he was in the area for a conference and he spoke of losing Gwyneth and Joshua. Although I wasn’t aware of the true circumstances surrounding the loss, I could see how devastated Jeff still felt that Grant couldn’t leave with him. We kept in touch and even though Jeff has gotten past that now, I know how much he still needs his father and how much Grant needs to reconnect to his son.”
 “I will speak to him as soon as we return and do my best to convince him to come back with us. If you could contact his son and let me know if he would be willing to come to Sanctuary to spend some time with his dad that may help.”
 “Do you have enough room for that? I know that Jeff doesn’t like to leave his family alone because he said his children get sick easily, although now I suspect I know the true nature of what he meant.”
 “We have plenty of space and you could let him know that he has nothing to be concerned about regarding the children changing, we have many special families there.” His eyes widen.
 Hugging him, my voice fills with gratitude. “Thank you again for everything that you did. If there is ever anything I can do for you, please call me.” I hand him my card. “I will never forget how you helped me.” 
 His eyes shift to Jacob. “I had an opportunity to speak with him. Although he was shy about sharing information concerning your family, he seems like a very good boy and loves your brother-in-law and family a lot. You are very lucky to have such a close knit family, don’t ever lose that.”
 “We won’t and as soon as we get back, I’ll speak with Grant about reuniting with his son and not shutting out the rest of his family in trying to deal with this new loss. I know how devastating loss can be and how certain events can forever change your life.”
 Jacob comes over and says good-bye before we return to the hospital.
 Walking back, I take the opportunity to speak with Jacob about his shutting down when they were trapped in the dungeon. “Jacob, can we talk about something?”
 “Sure mom.”
 “When you were in the dungeon, I could feel you closing yourself off, trying very hard not to feel afraid. I was wondering if you could tell me what you were doing in order to do that.” 
 His eyes shift from mine. Stopping, I place my hand under his chin, lifting it, forcing him to look at me. “Mom, do I have to tell you?”
 “I wish that you would.”
 “You’ll get mad at me.”
 “I promise you that I won’t get mad, but I know how bad it can be when you don’t feel as if you can talk about bad things that have happened or the way you cope with them. The fear and impact stay with you much longer.”
 He smiles widely. “Mom, you sound like a doctor.”
 I ruffle his hair. “I may be a doctor, but more importantly I’m your mom and I want to do all that I can to help you. What happened to you was awful, you saw, heard and experienced things that I always hoped to shield you from, so I promise you that I won’t get mad and that whatever you say, I will try my best to understand your feelings about it.”
 “Well, at first, all I thought about was how I wished that they would all go away and that we could be home, but then as they became angrier and we realized what they did and were, I wanted them destroyed. I hoped that because they were bad that what they were would destroy them and that we could just be left alone. I hoped they would keep fighting and turn on each other, maybe even killing each other.” His voice trails off. “But then, I thought about how you always said that wishing badly upon others is a slippery slope that brings us down to their level and could lead us down a very dark path. I knew you were right and how bad people eventually get theirs in the end, so I tried desperately to change my thoughts to make myself go to a place where I wouldn’t feel rage against them so that I could think rationally. I even remembered the story that you told me about the prisoner who drove his captures crazy because he would shut himself off by creating every aspect of a clock and how they were never able to touch him or reach him when he was doing that. Since I never removed the back of a watch, I decided to think about my favorite thing.”
 I laugh knowing he is talking about a roller coaster.
 “You know what I constructed, don’t you?”
 “You constructed a coaster like the one your dad and I took you to last year.”
 “Yep, but mine had better drops, twists and turns. I even constructed a surrounding. I bet you can’t guess what that is.”
 “If I can what do I get?”
 “How about I let you win for once at swimming when we go home?”
 “Alright” I laugh. “You constructed it around the lake didn’t you?”
 His shocked face tells me I’m right.
 Throwing his arms around me, he hugs me tightly. We are laughing as we enter the hospital.
 Andrew is still in with patients, but Eva, Jackson, Gabriel and Emma appear ready to go. Paul and Julianne are sitting in the corner, but Grant’s other children are nowhere in the lobby. Gabriel approaches us. “Jacob, come and sit with me, while your mom sees if she can get Grant to come with us for a visit.”
 Walking down the hall, Ken calls and lets me know that Jeff would come to Sanctuary to see Grant and is worried about him. Grant is pacing outside of Amelia’s room. Seeing me, he stops. “Are you looking for Andrew, he is just checking Amelia, she had a setback while you were with Ken.”
 “What happened?”
 “Her heart stopped. They revived her and Andrew is trying to convince her to allow them to place the monitors back on so that they can see what is going on, but she refuses to let anyone near her. She has always been so stubborn.” He sounds exasperated.
 “Grant, while you’re waiting, could we speak a moment?”
 “Sure. What’s on your mind?”
 “I heard you speaking to Ken earlier and he is very concerned about you. You have so much to deal with in losing your family and now your home, you helped me so much, I wish that you would let me reciprocate and come back to Sanctuary with us. Your son, Jeff, would love to see you and would come up there with his family.”
 “You spoke to him and he would come?” Surprise and hope ring in his voice.
 “I didn’t speak with him, but Ken did. Jeff said he would come up with his family so that the two of you could spend some time together. He is worried about you.”
 “Really?”
 “He is looking forward to it in fact.”
 “But Mia, my family, his family, that is too much to impose upon you. You are going to have enough to deal with when you get home with everything that happened.”
 “It is not an imposition at all and we would love to have you. I know how bad things can get when you don’t feel as if you can talk to people about what happened to you and having to hide yourselves and your family’s nature while trying to settle in a place and dealing with the unbelievable loss that you have just suffered and suffered in the past, is too much for you to deal with now. Where our special families reside, you would not have to worry about hiding your nature.” I smile reassuringly. “We have more than enough room for you and your family. In fact, one of our families has recently moved out to help in the hospital in Rome that we have friends at. They were quite a large family and the house they occupied has five bedrooms. I think it would be a perfect place for you and your family.” 
 He shakes his head in disbelief before smiling widely. “If it wouldn’t be too much of an imposition, maybe we could meet you there. I’m sure that you are ready to go and my other children went back to pack up some things and speak with their uncle about shipping us the rest when we get settled.”
 Reaching into my bag, I take out one of my cards. “Why don’t you call your children and give them this address so that he can ship your items there. Andrew still needs a few hours before we leave, so we can meet in the lobby and leave together.”
 “Thank you for this.”
 “Don’t give it a second thought. I’m just glad you are coming and for everything you did to help me.”
 Andrew opens the door and appears very weary.
 “How is Amelia?”
 “She is alert, but she is still refusing to allow us to monitor her again or reinsert the intravenous. I would like to run more tests, but she categorically refuses. If she keeps refusing, the hospital cannot hold her.”
 “I’ll speak with her. Excuse me.”
 As Grant enters, I caress Andrew’s cheek. “You look exhausted.”
 He chuckles. “You have known me long enough to know that we can’t get tired.”
 Moving my hand to his, I pull him down the hall toward the reception area. “I know healing drains you and on top of the situation we faced, you really should relax a moment.”
 “I can do that in about two hours when we are on the plane home. Reginald is just preparing the organs.” 
 Passing a door marked physicians’ lounge, I can see Jacob talking with Paul and Gabriel, so I turn Andrew around and duck inside for a moment. There is a small day bed in the corner. “Sit down and try to relax a few moments then.” Sitting on the back, I place my hands on his shoulders. 
 “Mia, I’m fine really.”
 “Andrew, this has been a devastating few days with worrying for the children, coming to rescue me, and constructing a plan to fool Marlena.”
 He interrupts me as I message his shoulders. “Mia, from where I stood, you were holding your own and didn’t need rescuing. You secured the release of our friends, got Jacob past his fears to come to me and brought down David.” He moves me swiftly from the back of the day bed into his arms and strokes my cheek before resting his fingertips at my temple. “I should be ensuring that you recover, not the other way around. Why didn’t you tell me what had happened to your sight? I thought we promised no secrets.”
 “I wasn’t trying to keep secrets. Things were so confused already. I just wanted to give David a reason to stop. He was unstable and I panicked after I felt him throw Jacob across the room in that cage. What if I had waited and he smelled you? It could have been a disaster. I needed you here with your brothers thinking clearly because I knew that I wasn’t. I was just reacting to fear and hoping to buy us some time to avert disaster.” The unbidden tears slip from my rims.
 Andrew brushes them softly away. “Your bravery got Jacob out and assured he was safe. He is here with us and we are going home to our family.” Cupping my face, he kisses me in a way that burns away all of my anxiety. His touch resonates to my core warming my heart. Drawing me into his chest, he holds me tightly as my pulse races wildly. I feel the relief and joy in his lips. I don’t hear Reginald enter. As Andrew shifts me next to him, I catch sight of Reginald’s devastated features. I can’t imagine what he must be experiencing realizing that his brother became the epitome of everything he has ever fought against. 
 His tone is devoid of any life and he refuses to meet our eyes. “I have finished preparing the body. We are ready whenever you are.” He turns to leave and Andrew is immediately at his side, placing his arm around Reginald, who still will not look up. “Andrew, I appreciate what you are trying to do, but if you don’t mind, I need to just get to the plane and will see everyone there.”
 “When you’re ready to talk, don’t forget that we are all here for you.”
 “I know. I just need some time.” He wriggles out from under Andrew’s arm and is gone instantly.
“Let’s go home.” Taking my hand, we walk to the lobby. Everyone is gathered there waiting, even Grant and his family. Jacob is still chatting happily with Paul as Grant approaches us. 
 “Andrew, I’m very sorry that Amelia gave you such difficulty here and I know what I am asking, after you have already been so generous is very imposing but Amelia asked if she may accompany us back to Sanctuary for a short visit. She has always been somewhat overprotective since I lost my first wife and is still suspicious about the recent turn of events. She just wants to ensure I am not getting my children in further turmoil.”
 Andrew’s features turn very sympathetic as he places his hand on Grant’s shoulder. “It is no imposition at all. It may also give us an opportunity to monitor her and make sure everything is alright once she sees that there is no danger at Sanctuary. The only thing I would ask is that you request she stay silent regarding her suspicions if she enters the hospital area there. We have patients who, although they have experienced loss imposed from our surreal world, we do not confirm or fuel any of their suspicions.”
 “I promise, I will watch her carefully and ensure that she does not cause any trouble. I just couldn’t deprive her of her request. She has been a second mother to my children and has always stayed in close touch with Jeff.”
 “It is no imposition. Don’t even give it a second thought. Is everyone in your family ready to go?”
 “Yes, your brother was kind enough to pack our things in one of your vehicles.”
 Driving to the airport, Jacob’s eyes droop. I wonder if he slept in the last few days at all.
 An hour into our flight everyone on the plane other than Andrew’s family, Reginald and I are fast asleep. After hanging up and allowing myself to enjoy the relief of hearing how strong Nicholas, Kayla and Nicole’s voices sound and how happy they are that we are heading home, I wonder how much longer I can fight my encroaching exhaustion. 
Reginald rises and heads into the cargo hold. Despite my drifting toward unconsciousness and feeling secure in Andrew’s arms, I wrench myself up and follow him.
 Grabbing my hand, Andrew’s voice is soft. “Mia, he needs some time and you should really try to rest, your body is still recovering from the loss of blood.” 
 “I will be right back, I promise.” Descending into the cargo hold, I hear Reginald’s voice. He is kneeling next to a now unzipped body bag, stroking his brother’s cheek.
 “How could you have left me to become such a monster? If we had only stayed together, I would have helped you overcome whatever you were fighting. Why would you turn your back on humanity? You saw people’s potential, you believed anyone could be turned around and that good could conquer all. You saved me from my own destruction. I was so lost, but you fought for me, you showed me what I could accomplish, you made me believe in myself; believe in what good could be accomplished. Was all of it a lie? Who were you really?” I could see his facial features twist with pain.
 Moving forward, I know he hears my approach. Placing my hand on his shoulder, I take a moment to think carefully about my words. “The brother you knew and loved was a wonderful and compassionate creature who died the day that you were ambushed. Reginald, the one who lies before you now is a stranger. You can’t think of him as Sebastian. What lies before you now is David, a creature of the darkness, something that you only recognize from the war, the very thing that you rescued me from all those years ago, nothing more.”
 His eyes finally sweep up, meeting mine. “Mia, you don’t understand. My brother was always the one who was good. He always did the right thing, took the right path, and said the right words. When I was rebellious, finding trouble at every turn, ensuring my place with the darkness, although back in my human days, I did not realize what the darkness truly holds, it was Sebastian who fought to get me back on track. Our parents were wealthy and were too busy with their charitable works to even see the destruction their own son was causing, but Sebastian, as soon as he returned from school, recognized the signs. Despite my fighting against him, he was the one who turned my life around, gave me purpose. When we were converted, I was so angry over what this realm thrust upon us; I could have easily become David. It was Sebastian who made me realize that we could turn our lives around, despite our death. He was the one who convinced me to embrace our immortality for the good we could accomplish. After we were ambushed, every good deed I did was in his name, and in the memory of my sister. Seeing what he became and what he has done invalidates my entire existence, everything I thought I knew, I can’t see any longer. I never imagined someone as good as Sebastian could ever turn into something as sadistic and cruel as David. Is that what awaits me? Is there something inherent in us that turns us to become what he became. With the knowledge, connections, and information I have, my turning like my brother would impair our side for all eternity.” Desolation rips through his features.
 “Reginald, stop! You can’t think that way. I know that you feel betrayed and as if your entire world has been thrown into turmoil, but that is not the future that awaits you. What lies before you now is not your brother. Sebastian died on the night you were ambushed. You were not wrong, your brother was destroyed that night and what emerged was never to touch your life, never to hinder your existence.”
 “But Mia, if it was never to touch me, then why did our paths cross again. Every life that crosses our paths, I believe does so for a reason, a bigger purpose than sometimes even we are not aware of, but I believe our encounters are not random. I spent most of my existence convinced that although my brother was destroyed that night, that encounter cemented my path, set my course to ensure that those who desired to fight against the darkness never felt like they were on their own, helpless, and the way we had been that evening. My entire existence has been dedicated to it and now to find my own flesh and blood to be the epitome of the darkness that we had once fought so hard against makes me wonder if anything I did at all changes the scales.”
 I grab his arms, turning his body away from David and facing me. “Of course what you have done changes things. You can’t invalidate everything you have done because of this creature’s actions. Just look at all the people you have helped on this plane alone and I don’t only mean tonight. What you do matters and what your brother did is on him, if that even is any part of your brother.” Although I’m shooting off the cuff and hoping that this makes sense to him, I am desperate to give Reginald something to hold on to knowing that he feels his world spinning out of control.
 “Reginald, did you ever consider that the night you were ambushed, Sebastian really did die?”
 Skepticism sparks, replacing the desolation, at least in his facial features, despite not leaving his eyes. “You see him here. Mia, you know what he was like. My God, he almost cost you your family.” His eyes close as his voice breaks. “I can’t tell you how sorry I am for that. I hope that one day you can forgive me for what he did to you.” 
 Moving my arms around him, I hug him tightly. “Stop right there. You didn’t do anything to my children, except protect them since before they were born. What happened to them now is not your fault and you cannot take it upon yourself for what David did. That is not Sebastian. That is not the loving soul you knew.” I retort loudly, pulling back and pointing at him. “That is a creature, a soulless receptacle taken by darkness. What you thought centuries ago about your brother being destroyed is exactly correct. You have no ties or affiliations with what lies there now. Sebastian died the day you saw him destroyed. You need to hold on to that.” Opening his mouth to object, I raise my hand to stop him. “I will make you a deal if you will consider what I am saying.” I see the disbelief immediately enter his features at the thought that I have anything that could take his mind off of what is before him, but he allows me to continue. “I will give you something else to think about. I know how much you love a mystery and how curious you are as to what happened between David and me to have possibly converted him back to his human form.” He raises and eyebrow. “I heard the curiosity in your voice when we were traveling back from the estate and know that you believe I have some sort of connection to the conversion. The answer may even be in my blood.” I joke, but can see curiosity beginning to ignite in his eyes at the possibility of unraveling such a mystery. “If you will keep an open mind as to what I said, you can have my blood to compare and begin your tests when we return to Sanctuary and I will answer all of your questions after I have some time to see how the children are doing.”
 His eyes widen and I know that the idea of throwing himself into this mystery appeals to him. “Look Reginald, I know what I’m asking isn’t easy but you fought not to lose Andrew, his family and even me to the darkness. Now, I am going to fight for you and ensure that you don’t allow doubt about all the good you have done creep into your thoughts opening a window to let the darkness try to take hold of you. We need you, my children need you, and so do all of those who still hide in solitude, afraid of coming into contact with others.”
 I back away slightly, still holding his hands. His eyes shift between me and David’s body. The curiosity which momentarily raged in his eyes is now dimming, replaced by doubt and fear. I refuse to lose him to such feelings. He will not be a casualty of this war nor a puppet to be mastered by the darkness. “Reginald, we desperately need you to continue your efforts. I need you now, more than I ever have, and not to just throw yourself into this mystery, but to help teach my children how to use their powers wisely and expertly. You know this experience has forever changed them and that Nicholas and Kayla may even be facing werewolf issues in their not too distant future.” The pain of what his brother did to them overtakes his features and I soften my voice. “Reginald, I did not say this to you to make you upset, I need you to help me right the wrong that he did to them and help my children feel empowered so that they can protect themselves with confidence as they travel into their unknown future.”
 He always wanted to teach the children and I see the appeal of righting some of the damage take hold. “Mia, I can’t promise you that this will not haunt me or that my mind will not wander to places of doubt, fear of what ifs, because things could have been different if I had only realized that he was not destroyed in that ambush and fought for him. However, I will promise you that I am going to stay at Sanctuary for a while to work through my own issues, this mystery, and help your children come into their own.”
 I smile. “That’s all I can ask. I know it can’t be easy to look at him and move past what he did, but nothing he did is part of you. I’m very glad that you will be staying at Sanctuary and I want you to know that my door is always open to you whenever you want to talk.”
 “I know that, but thank you for saying it again.”
 “I love you. You are part of our family. I will give you a few moments, but please don’t stay down here alone too long.”
 “I’ll be up momentarily.”
 Ascending the stairs, I should have known Andrew would be waiting for me. Taking my hand, we return to our seats. “That was quite impressive. I could see his darkened aura get brighter as you spoke.” 
 Gabriel is sitting by us. “You should know, he is very intrigued by what you said concerning his brother, although he is fighting his curiosity on what you mentioned, I believe that if you are persistent with him on this and in concentrating on the mystery of what happened to allow David’s heart to beat once more, we may be able to hold on to him. Right now he is reeling, but his curiosity factor may save him.” 
 After all these years, I know when he is restraining not to say more. “What aren’t you telling me?”
 He chuckles. “I thought I was the mind reader.”
 “Your face is getting easier to read.”
 He laughs. “Mia, it’s just that he is in a tumultuous place right now and even though we all know how much he loves the children, I heard you saying that you wanted him to help them learn about their powers and how to use them. Right now, that may not be the best thing.”
 My eyes shift between them and I know they must have talked about this while I was with Reginald. “I can understand your concern and I do realize that he is in a dark and doubtful place right now, but I know how guilty he feels about what David did to them, how much he loves them, and I know no matter what he would never do anything to hurt them. I believe that his helping them feel empowered will not only help them but will help him as well. He will feel that he is righting the wrong. I promise both of you that I will keep a careful eye on him, but I really believe that it would be best to give Reginald as many contacts to grab hold of as possible. Otherwise, you know what will come for him. He has impaired their side for millennia and they would love nothing more than to bring him down.”
 Andrew turns to Gabriel. “She’s right and all he has ever done is help us and ensure the children were born safe. We can all ensure that the children do not become overwhelmed or learn things they shouldn’t.”
 “I’ll go down and see if I can get him to come up. Maybe I can get a better read on him and continue the conversation you began.” With that, he’s gone.
 Jacob and our friends are still sleeping. Andrew lifts the arm rest, drawing me into his side. “You should get some rest as well.”
 I am absolutely wiped and the adrenaline has worn off. I place my head against Andrew’s cool chest and drew myself into his side. I hear him whisper something, but my mind cannot process anything more and I quickly drift to sleep.
 Andrew kisses my ear softly. “Wake up beautiful, we’re home.” 
 As the plane descends, I wrap my arms around him tightly. “I love you.”
 “I love you too. I can’t wait to get you home so that you will know that our family is fine and everything will be alright. Mia, do you remember your dreams, can you tell me about them?
 “I don’t even remember dreaming. What did I do?”
 “You were talking in your sleep about the children, but you were jumping all around. None of it made any sense.”
 “It must have just been these last few days because really I don’t remember anything.”
 The plane stops. “Why don’t we get Jacob up and go home. I’m sure that it will be better once we are there.”
 “Don’t get him up. I’ll carry him. I’m sure that he is still exhausted.”
 Driving home, everyone is still a little disoriented. Thankfully Jason came with a bus. “Nicole, Nicholas and Kayla would have come, but they crashed in their chairs waiting for the plane to arrive, so Catherine and I put them to bed. I hope you don’t mind. They haven’t slept at all since coming back.”
“Thank you. How are they doing really though?” Andrew inquires.
 “Nicholas and Kayla seem to be running a little hotter than usual and their heart rate has increased slightly since coming home, but we don’t know if it is because of their anxiety over the situation or if they are going through any changes. Nicole seems to be doing better. She seemed to relax somewhat when she learned you boarded the plane, but I have to warn you, she saw the imposter Jacob destroyed and for a moment, she couldn’t differentiate the two. She was screaming out for him and then even tried to attack Lucas when he was taking him down, but we have been talking to her and I think that once she sees Jacob, she will be on the road to recovery. Mia, you should also know that Marlena has not changed back to whatever she looked like before she bit you. We have been keeping her away from everyone, but before that, when they were on the farm, Nicole was around her and Lucas said he could see the stress it was placing upon her.”
 “Thanks Jason, I’ll keep that in mind.” 
 Andrew interjects. “Do we know any more about what is going on with her physically?” Reginald moves closer to the front of the bus so that he can hear our hushed conversation. “I can’t explain it but all the tests come back as if she is a normal twenty-five to thirty year old female. Her heart beat is normal, her blood is AB negative, her pulse rate is high, but that is probably because she doesn’t understand what is going on. We have performed MRIs and Cat Scans, tested for brain waive activity and it all comes back within normal range.”
 “How can that be?”
 “We don’t know. Even James is at a loss. He is redoing the tests and checking all the results, but he is amazed. Mia, I hate to ask this, but are you sure she is the one who bit you? Is it possible that she is a witch and was never a vampire?” 
 “I know what I heard. David called a woman Marlena over and instructed her to bite me, but I couldn’t see anything.”
 “Mia, James wants to get your blood drawn as soon as possible, he is afraid that the more time that passes, the more diluted the results will be.”
 I withdrew a small cooler pack from my purse and handed it to Reginald. Andrew’s eyes shoot to mine in surprise. “I had Damian draw some blood when he came to see me in the hospital. I knew you would be upset because I had already lost so much already, but I knew questions needed to be answered. I want us to be able to eliminate my involvement with it by having the closest counts possible. I don’t think that it was me or my blood, but I know it’s important to have the circumstances closest to the time period.” 
 Reginald places his hands around the cooling pack. “Thank you.”
 “I hope that it leads you to a road with answers, but remember what we talked about. Even if it gives you some type of physical answers, the ones that you are truly looking for will never be answered from such contents and it would be best if you consider that he was destroyed the day of the ambush.”
 “I will try to keep that in mind.”
 We finally pull through the gates and despite knowing that we will be facing an uphill climb with the residual effects from this incident, my body relaxes for the first time, knowing that the children are safe here.
 Eva comes up to me. “I’ll show Grant and his family the house and help them get settled so you can see the kids.”
 The bus barely comes to a stop, Andrew picks up Jacob and we are flying up the residency stairs. “Dad, I’m awake, you can put me down.” He states groggily.
 “Let’s get inside first.”



Chapter Nine - Facing The Werewolf Challenge

 The door opens before I even touch the handle. Running into the children’s room, I can’t believe they are safely tucked in their beds. “Mom is that you?” Kayla rubs her eyes, jumps up and throws herself into my arms. “You’re here!” 
 “I’m here and so happy to see you.” I grip her closer to me. Nicholas and Nicole rise and run toward us as Jacob enters. We were all hugging as Andrew’s arms embrace our group. My family is truly here and no matter what, we will face whatever comes together. Shock grabs hold of me as I realize that in the midst of my joy, I feel the difference in temperature of Nicholas and Kayla. Jason was right. They are running hot, and not just a little. My stomach twinges. As happy as I am, I know without a doubt that they will be facing a change and we need to prepare them for that. They all begin talking at once. Nicole is grasping Jacob’s hand and staring into his eyes, finding her true connection to her brother. Someone’s stomach grumbles giving me a good idea to get us quickly back into our routine with a little flair. “Let’s go outside and make s’mores.”
 “Really? You always say that midnight snacking is a bad thing.” Jacob eyes the clock.
 Andrew laughs. “She may say that, but your mom was infamous around here when she first arrived for her midnight snacking.”
 I laugh with him. “I think we can make an exception this once.” The children quickly throw on their shoes and sweaters before running down the stairs laughing and hugging each other before I can even gather the ingredients.
 Joining Andrew and the children, I see a new and even stronger bond growing between them because of this experience in the way they are holding on to Jacob and he is whispering that he spoke to me about learning all they could so that something like this will never happen again. Relief at this revelation flares in Nicole’s eyes.
 “I’m so glad that you are o.k.” Nichole squeezes Jacob’s hand tighter. “I can’t tell you how awful it was knowing that they got you again. I felt as if I couldn’t breathe worrying.”
 “I was afraid for you too. When they told me that you were with that crazy woman and someone who looked like me that could hurt you, I was so afraid that if he were to harm you, the last thing you would remember is me causing you pain.”
 “But it wouldn’t be you.” She states trying to reassure him. 
“I know, but still to have someone look like me hurting you, I couldn’t stand that.” By the time I reach them, they are locked in a bear hug as tears escape down their cheeks. Putting down the food, I hug them.
 “It will be alright. You are both so brave and kept your head despite everything. I’m so proud of all of you.” I look at them. “I know how scared you were, but you did so well and you watched out for each other. You are all so grown up. I can’t believe how much you remembered and how well you followed directions to help us find you.”
 “Mom, how did you come to us? Is that something that we can do?”
 “I am not sure if you can do it, but I do know that we are going to ensure that we teach you all we can about your powers and abilities.”
 “Jacob did tell us that and we know the rules. We promise that we won’t use them without your permission or ever in anger.” Nicholas states confidently.
 “Mom, what happened to the others there? Could they still be coming for us? Why did they take us in the first place? Do they know about you and dad? Would they have taken us to hell?”
 Taking a moment to figure out how to answer them, Lucas approaches us. “Would you mind if I joined you?”
 “Why would we mind?” Kayla jumps up, hugging him.
 Sitting down, his eyes glance to me and I know he wants to answer their question so I nod. “They didn’t come after you because of your mom and dad. They didn’t know anything about you, not really. They were very bad people who wanted me to suffer, not you. Their fight was with me, no one else. You know how your mom and dad have always tried to warn you about falling in with the wrong people when you enter the real world?”
 “Yes, but you are married to aunt Catherine and have been here for a very long time, why would they want to hurt you?” 
 “A long time ago when I was human, I came in contact with those people and I didn’t think to look beyond the surface, the way your parents are trying to teach you. I married a woman in their family and agreed to have her change me, but then when I saw what they really were, I ran away and took one of the people that they were trying to hurt with me. They didn’t like what I did and they wanted to get revenge upon me by hurting you.”
 “But we aren’t your children. I still don’t understand.”
 “You’re right, but the people who grabbed you mistakenly thought that you were mine and they wanted to use you to hurt me. I’m sorry that you got mixed up in this whole mess because of the mistakes I made in the past.”
 “It’s not your fault uncle Lucas.” Nicole rises and hugs him. “They were just very bad people. I’m glad that you got away from them.”
 “I am too. I love it here and I love all of you very much.”
 “Why don’t we start the fire and get these marshmallows roasted. The air always smells so nice when you make s’mores.”
 After they gather the twigs and place them all on the wood, Andrew pulls a lighter from his pocket. “Wait, allow me.” I place my hands on the sticks and concentrate on the flames and heat I want to generate and the heat this world has to offer. As soon as I feel the sticks become hot, I remove my hands. A moment later, the children’s eyes are mesmerized by the little fire.
 “How did you do that?” Nicole stares at me and her eyes widen.
 “Let me show you.”
 The shock on each of their faces is clear. Taking her hands, I cup them around the tip of a small branch. “Place your fingers on the tip and concentrate on the elements around you. Think about the sun and heat, lava and fire. As soon as you feel the branch getting hot, remove your hands.”
 Closing her eyes, she concentrates for a long time. All of a sudden, her hands recoil quickly from the branch. A moment later I am holding a lit twig and Nicole is beaming from ear to ear. Andrew, Lucas and I hold the twigs so the others could try and their triumphant smiles light up the darkened night.
 “I can’t believe you let us do that.” Nicholas laughs as he finishes his marshmallow. “That is so cool.”
 “I figure it wouldn’t hurt to teach you that now. I know that you are all curious to understand your powers and you showed me how much you understand. I’m sure that as much as you think starting the fire was great, you also realize how dangerous it could be.” 
 “We do mom, don’t worry. We would never want to see anything happen to the forest or the people here. We know it is not something to play with, but thank you for showing us.” Jacob inches closer to me and places his hand on mine.
 We stay there enjoying the night sky with the children resting against our legs until their eyes droop. As I tuck Nicholas in, he whispers groggily. “You’re not going to leave home tonight are you?”
 Leaning down, I kiss his cheek and whisper. “I’ll be right in the next room.”
 “O.K.”
 “Sleep tight. I love you and you are safe at home.” He is unconscious before I even withdraw my lips from his ear.
 Despite the exhaustive few days, I am no longer tired. Entering the kitchen, I make some coffee. When I came out, Andrew is not in the living room so I head back towards the children’s room. He is stroking Kayla’s temple gently. Hearing my approach, he turns. His features confirm my worst fears. Rising silently, we go into the living room. Knowing what we will face, I need to ask. “How much time do we have before the first full moon?”
 “About ten days.”
 “Is there anything we can do to stop it?”
 “I don’t think so. I can smell the changes in their blood.”
 “Is there any way for Cecil to get in touch with Amanda beforehand? Maybe the spell that allows them to control their conversion could help us.”
 “She is already looking for Amanda. That’s why she stayed behind.”
 “Did you know for sure before we came home?”
 “No, but I thought it would be best to be prepared just in case.”
 “Andrew, I know I said I trust Grant, but do you think we should ask Reginald if he knows anyone?”
 “Mia, I think that your instincts about Grant are correct. I see a very bright aura around him.”
 “I think I’m just afraid, that’s all.”
 “I know. I’m afraid too, but Nicholas and Kayla are wonderful children. They will be able to handle this and we will help them.”
 “But what if they can’t control the conversion? What are we going to do? Maybe I should take them to the cabin alone. It is too dangerous for you, Jacob, Nicole or even anyone in your family to be close to them. If they were to bite you...” The vision pops unbidden into my head as my heart races out of control. “Is there any possibility that because you can smell the changes in their blood, they are changing before the full moon?” I jump up, running into the archway. They are all asleep, but I can’t stop the fear that is overtaking me. If Nicholas and Kayla were to change now, they could kill Nicole and Jacob.
 Andrew stops me before I take another step. “Mia, they are not going to change tonight.”
 “How do you know?” You said this isn’t your realm.”
 “Mia, you know what Grant told you about the first full moon. From everything we could decipher from our search, he was giving you the correct information.”
 “What research are you talking about?”
 “As soon as we realized the children were bitten, I gave Ryan the combination and instructed him to get the phone from the safe. He found information regarding first transformations and all of the information tells about it commencing on the first full moon after the initial bite.”
 “Did he find out anything else?”
 “He found an account from Reginald regarding his observations of a transformation. Although it was not an initial transformation, it appears that the process is fairly quick but, for younger werewolves, they may reemerge to their former self with no recollection of where they were or what occurred.”
 “Grant did tell me that about his mother when she was first changed. She was not a natural born werewolf.”
 I could see from Andrew’s eyes that there was something more. “What are you afraid to tell me?”
 He hesitates. “I don’t want you to panic, but in Reginald’s account, the werewolf he was observing became violent and turned on him, despite befriending him in his human form.”
 “I need to take them then and go. Andrew, you and the children can’t be around them!”
 “Mia, you won’t be strong enough to contain them both on your own, werewolves are very powerful and very fast.”
 My mind is reeling at the thought of what is coming. I force myself to control my breathing. I need to think. If they will be powerful and fast, the cabin is not far enough away. I have to get the children somewhere isolated, somewhere where they cannot harm anyone. “Andrew, Grant said they learned to control themselves, but did you find any information about how long that may take?”
 “From Reginald’s account, he stayed with his friend for three cycles. By the time he left, he was no longer a target even after Samantha transformed.”
 “Maybe I should take the children to Italy until they can learn to control the transformation. You could ask Antonio to leave for just a while.”
 “No!” I hear the panic creeping into his voice. “I don’t want you, Nicholas and Kayla that far from Sanctuary and our family.” He gently strokes my back in an attempt to calm my raging heart. “It will be alright. I know it seems impossible at the moment, but everyone is still here and they will help us figure out the best way to help the children.”
 Lifting my face to his, I stare sternly. “If we don’t come up with something in a few days, you have to let me take them and leave. I won’t risk our family and the children have already gone through too much. It’s not only dangerous for Nicole and Jacob, if Nicholas or Kayla killed someone, especially someone in their family, they would never recover from that.”
 “It won’t come to that. We will find an answer. Mia, I’m not trying to be unreasonable, but it would be more dangerous for you and them to go off and try to handle this on your own. You could lose track of them, they could transform back to their human form alone and without any knowledge of how they got there or where they are. If we have to, there is an old abandoned caretaker house deep in the woods at the base of the mountain range. We can take them there and see if you, Reginald and Emma’s family can put up a protective shield around the area. In fact, let me go and speak with Gabriel about checking the condition and seeing what we need to make it habitable. I’m sure that no matter what shape it is in, we can get it repaired in only a few days. I’ll be right back.”
 After a moment, I run upstairs and get the phone knowing that Ryan would have returned it by now. Scrolling through the files, I see one labeled werewolves and begin reading. I knew Reginald has a photographic memory, but never realized how meticulous his record keeping is. He not only documented the transformation and the differences between each full moon cycle, but included extensive photographs as well.
 I didn’t hear Andrew come in. Sitting beside me, I finally rip my eyes from the screen. He doesn’t even glance at the file. “Have you seen this before?”
 “I reviewed it with Gabriel when you fell asleep on the plane with Gabriel. I didn’t realize that after we saw this, he had already considered taking precautions if the children were going to phase. He and Eva have already been out to the workman’s cottage and work has already started. It should be ready by tomorrow evening. Emma has already laid the groundwork with her family to form a protective barrier around the area.”
 “Do they think it will hold?”
 He takes my hands. “They are hopeful, but they did not want to put anything in the barrier that could harm the children and where they are also witches, we just can’t be sure. They are trying to put up just an encampment barrier which has been successful in holding animals at bay, but it may not hold witches. They are hoping that because this is their initial transformation, their animal physiology will mask any of their other forms.”
 “Could they set up some stronger barrier around Sanctuary as a second avenue of protection? I’m not suggesting one that would hurt the children, but one that may have a stronger deterrent.”
 “We can discuss that possibility with them in a few hours. They returned only an hour ago to catch some sleep. You should sleep too your body is still trying to recover from the loss of blood and stress from the last several days.”
 I know he’s right, but the gravity of the situation is overloading my senses causing my mind to race. Jacob screams. “Get away from her, take me, take me!”
 Andrew is by Jacob’s side before I even reach the arch. “Jacob, it’s alright. You’re home, you’re safe. We’re right here.” He gently lifts him and lays him on the sofa. As Jacob’s eyes flutter open, he clutches Andrew as if he is a drowning man trying to avoid going under again. Andrew rubs his back and I take his hand. 
 Jacob’s muffled voice resonates from Andrew’s chest. “It’s alright, I’m home.” Then his head whips away from Andrew and he turns to me. “Where’s Kayla? Is she safe?”
 “She’s in her room still asleep.”
 “Are you sure?”
 “Yes, Jacob she’s fine really and so are you.”
 “I’m sorry. I just saw David, he killed her.”
 “Jake it’s o.k. She’s fine and David is gone. He can’t hurt anyone ever again.”
 Jacob slowly releases Andrew and his posture relaxes slightly. We hear rustling from the bedroom. Andrew rises. “Stay with Jacob and I’ll see who is up.”
 I sit next to him. “Jake, I know what it’s like to feel afraid and to continue dreaming after a traumatic event, but if you could talk to me about it, I know it would help you.
 “It was so strange. We were here and I saw a huge wolf lunge at Kayla. It came from out of nowhere, without even a sound. All of a sudden it was there, no warning, no sound with its teeth bared and as it headed toward Kayla it transformed into David, grabbing her and biting her neck drinking.” His stomach contracts violently and he cries. “I couldn’t get to her. I was so afraid and he was so quick, he killed her before I could even move.”
 I hug him tight. “You did save her and she is safe in her bed.”
 “I didn’t save her not really. She got bit because of me. What’s going to happen to her?”
 “She will be alright. You know how strong of a family you were born into and how many friends we have to help us. Everything will be alright.”
 As I hug him tighter, I see his eyes closing. Andrew returns taking him from my arms, he kisses his head, and returns him to bed.
 “Who got up?”
 “Kayla, she had a bad dream.”
 “Did she tell you about it?”
 “She did, she dreamt that a wolf, someone called Amelia was chasing her.”
 “Amelia, why would she think that she would try to hurt her?”
 “I don’t know, but she said that she saw a woman turn into a wolf and that someone screamed Amelia come back, but instead she chased her into the forest. She said Jacob’s scream began dragging her from her dream. She calmed down and fell back to sleep.” Rising, he holds his hand out to me. “I know you said you are not tired, but you need to try to get an hour or two. If not for yourself, do it for the children, they are going to need you as strong as possible in the upcoming days.”
 Following him into the bedroom, I curl into his side, but sleep refuses to find me. Visions of the children’s dreams flash though my head, along with the thoughts of Nicholas and Kayla transforming, getting past the barriers, and hurting those they love. By four o’clock, I can’t lie in bed a moment longer. The room is closing in on me. I check on the children who are still asleep. Despite Andrew’s disapproving look, I need some fresh air to try and clear my aching head. I want to think clearly today. “I’ll be back shortly, I just need to take a walk and think.”
 “Mia, you haven’t slept at all, you should at least try to eat something.”
 “I can’t right now. I won’t be long. I promise.” Unsure of where I’m going, I wander through the courtyard. I should have known where I was heading. Grant is heading up the stairs. “Grant I’m glad you’re up. Can I talk to you for a minute?”
 Turning toward me, my eyes lock upon the familiar eyes of an old friend. Was I always so blind as to shut myself off from the paranormal world that surrounded me before I entered the gates of Sanctuary? I’m speechless as he moves closer. Maybe all mythological creatures gravitate toward each other whether their immersed in the world of the surreal or unaware of where they belong. 
 The shock on his face mimics my own. “Mia, is it really you?” 
 I can’t stop staring as I fight to close my gaping mouth and nod silently.
 I can hear him mutter softly. “Ken told me my dad was staying with a doctor named Mia, but I never put together that it was you. You’re family always seemed so normal, I never suspected.” He seems to be talking more to himself and then stops in front of me. “I’m sorry about your mother and sister.”
 “How did you know?”
 “Word gets around the medical community.”
 “So what type of doctor did you decide to become?”
 “A heart surgeon”
 “That’s wonderful.” Despite finding my voice, I know my eyes are still wide with shock. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to stare. I just can’t get over it. I’m sorry I didn’t know about your mom when we were in school. Grant told me what happened.”
 “Thank you. It was a long time ago and your friendship really helped me through some dark times. In fact, it was your...” He stops suddenly, his eyes shifting toward the ground.
 “Are you alright?”
 “Yes, I guess I’m just surprised to see you.”
 “Have you seen your father yet?”
 “Yes, I arrived in the middle of the night. I just went for a walk to clear my head before my wife gets up. When I don’t sleep, I sometimes get headaches and I don’t want to be grouchy with anyone so I figured I would go for a run and get some fresh air. It always seems to help.”
 I glance down and am surprised he went running in dress shoes. Catching me, he must realize what I’m thinking. His casual response staggers me. “I didn’t run as a human, Mia. It is much more helpful when I exercise as a wolf.” As my face meets his, his voice sounds concerned. “I’m sorry, I thought you knew?”
 “No, I did. I just realize why I must have gravitated here, that’s all. Jeff could you see if your family is awake yet and if they aren’t could I ask you some questions?”
 “Sure, I’ll be right back, unless you want to come in.”
 “No, I’ll wait. If they’re sleeping, I don’t want to disturb anyone.”
 “I’ll just be a moment.” He returns a minute later. “They are still asleep.”
 Sitting on the step, he sits beside me. “How much do you know about what happened over the last few days?”
 “My father filled me in on everything that happened and how David is dead.”
 “Did he tell you that my children were bitten?”
 “Yes, he told me that two of your children were bitten by mistake but that your husband and other son helped them.”
 “They did help them, but I’m afraid not soon enough. Their blood is changing and I fear that they will undergo the transformation. I need to know how to help them and how to protect my family. Did you father tell you that my other children are part vampire and that my husband and his family are vampires.”
 “He did.” I can see understanding overtaking his features. You’re afraid that if the children transform while they are all together they can hurt their siblings or your family.”
 “Yes, I’m very afraid of that, especially since your father says that a werewolf bite is lethal to a vampire. Is there anything I can do to stop the transformation?” Desperation seeps through my words.
 “No, not the initial transformation, but if someone can reach Amanda, she can help them control future transformations so that they don’t involuntarily transform with each full moon. My father told me that you were some kind of witch. Do you know Amanda or does anyone in your coven know her?”
 “I don’t belong to any coven. In fact, I didn’t know anything about this type of world or myself until I came here several years back. However, a friend of ours is searching for Amanda now trying to track her down and bring her here.”
 “That’s good. She is extremely powerful. Even the young werewolves she helps learn to control their transformations quickly as long as they are not in a panic type situation. My son mastered his transformations when he was only three.”
 I can’t help but smile at the pride in his voice?
 “He’s twelve now, but to look at him you would swear he was twenty.”
 “I thought that natural born werewolves didn’t go through their first transformation until they were twenty-one.”
 “Normally, you would be correct, but my wife was bitten while she was pregnant with my son.”
 I gasped. “How did that happen?”
 “It was an unfortunate accident. I was assisting a friend of mine who was concerned for his son’s first transformation and my wife came out to their home to surprise me not realizing what I was there for. Before I could get to her, it was too late.”
 In less than twenty minutes, he leaves me gaping at him again.
 “It was a shock then, but we are alright now. Mia, I know that this seems awful to you considering what your other children are and your husband, but it will all work out. I can help you this time if you don’t shut down and let me.”
 Opening my mouth to inquire what he means, I close it seeing Andrew and the children coming toward me. Seeing me, Kayla runs. I catch her as she hits the top step. “Good morning sweetie. I didn’t realize you woke up. I’m sorry I wasn’t there.” 
“That’s alright, dad said you went for a walk and you weren’t too far.”
 As I hug them all good morning, I catch Jeff and Andrew starting at each other, their expressions revealing that they met before. Unsure of whether their encounter was good or bad, I decide it might be best to just introduce the children. “Jeff, this is Nicholas, Nicole, Kayla and Jacob.
 Releasing me, they shake his hand. He stares at Nicholas. “You look just like your dad. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
 “It’s nice meeting you too. Are you a friend of my mom’s?”
 “Yes, a very old one to your family. I went to medical school with your mom and used to hang out with your uncle and dad.”
 Nicholas looks to Andrew, but I realize he is speaking of David.
 “Will you be staying at Sanctuary?”
 “For a while, I came to see my father.”
 Jacob smiles at him. “Is Paul up yet?”
 Jeff’s eyes tear away from Nicholas. “I’m sure they must be up by now, why don’t we go see.” He moves toward the door, opens it and calls out. Paul is out in a flash. From the way Jake and Paul’s eyes light up, I know they formed a lasting friendship while trapped in the dungeon.
 Jacob turns to me. “Mom, can we show Paul and Julianne around or do we have to go to school this morning?” His inquiry is full of hope.
 “I guess you could miss one more day. Why don’t you see if everyone wants to look around, but don’t go too far and no powers Jake, everyone will be up and about soon.”
 “I know, I promise.”
 “Let me get the others and I’ll be right back.” Paul runs back inside. When he returns, the young man following him looks exactly like Jeff and runs over to him. “Dad, can I go too?”
 “Sure Charlie, but no phasing here.”
 “Don’t worry, I know.” With that, they are off.
 Another look passes between Andrew and Jeff. “How do you two know each other?”
 Andrew replies coyly. “We met one evening outside of your apartment window.”
 I hear Jeff laugh and knowing there is more to the story, I look at him aware Andrew isn’t going to say any more. “Andrew is being too nice. I attacked him outside your window. I knew what he was and thought he was hunting you. I didn’t realize he was watching over you.”
 Despite seeing they are fine, I gasp as a picture of them fighting flashes through my mind. Andrew intertwines or hands, bringing mine up to his lips and kissing it softly. “It was a misunderstanding, that’s all. I’m just glad you distracted him when you threw a cup up against the wall so that he lost his opportunity to sink his teeth into me.” He chuckles.
 “She did have quite a temper back then didn’t she?” He chuckles, but then a flash of sorrow passes between them. Andrew’s response immediately causes them to change their expression. “It’s a good thing for me and the woman walking her dog below us. Could you have imagined her face if a vampire and werewolf dropped out of the trees?” They both laugh.
 “Andrew, Mia tells me that you are worried about Nicholas and Kayla’s transformation. Because of the obvious, I tend to agree with her. Their first transformation shouldn’t be anywhere near yourself or your other children. Is there anywhere away from here that you would feel safe in sending them and that they would feel safe considering what they have already been through?”
 Andrew appears caught off guard and Jeff answers his unspoken question. “I arrived last night and my father filled me in on what happened, how you and your family went to save my siblings and then offered them a place to stay when the pack pulled their typical crap.” Aggravation pierces his tone as his body turns rigid.
 “I take it that you are not very fond of them.” Andrew states and I know he is trying to give Jeff an opportunity to vent regarding this subject before anyone else comes out.
 “No, I understand the need for rules, but when things happen, they need to learn to adjust. They need to learn to look beyond just their own beliefs and rules. They think what we are is a curse and believe that we need to live in obscurity, hiding all of the time, never helping, never changing. They can’t look beyond the bad to see all of the good that we could accomplish. They refused to even help me recover my mother’s body so that I could give her a proper burial, they just let her rot there and be food for those vicious vampires.” He stops suddenly. Worried eyes shoot towards Andrew as Jeff braces himself for an angry response which I know will not come.
 “Jeff, relax. I didn’t take any offense and I agree with you. Some of my kind are more vicious, more barbaric than I have seen from any creature, but I assure you that my family and the individuals that are here are nothing like that. We do not kill to feed. Our goal is to protect life. That is what this place is dedicated to. We help those who have been touched by darkness so that they can find strength in each other and the help that we can provide.”
 His posture relaxes. “My father did say that. He said that your group refused to openly go after David and his barbarians unless there was an immediate danger to anyone who was on the land. I just couldn’t believe it. Grant also told me that some of them escaped and that you left three of them in the estate when you left. You should know that those on the estate were not the only coven that David sired, it was his closest, but he never wanted his line destroyed so there are others. I believe that he sired six additional full covens and then some rogue solitary vampires who refused to settle in one area. Two covens are rumored to be in Europe, two in South America, one here in North America and one in Asia. They are all just as barbaric and just as vicious and each is headed by the oldest males that David sired.”
 I am speechless, but Andrew inquires. “How do you know so much about them?”
 “Unlike my former family, those that I am with now utilize our strength to protect people against such atrocities. We have gone up against William, one of David’s older creations and the covens he has sired many times. We almost succeeded in destroying William himself in Louisiana last year, but he eluded us. His coven there was not so lucky. Can I ask you something? My father said that David died a human, is that true?”
 “We are not entirely sure if he was human, but what we do know is that his heart was beating and blood began to course through his veins.”
 Jeff’s mouth opens as if to speak, but then he freezes. After a moment, he shakes his head. “That can’t be. I saw him kill my mother, nothing human could have ripped at her like that. He couldn’t have been human. It’s not possible.”
 Grant joins us. “You’re right. When he attacked your mother he wasn’t human. I don’t know what happened, but I can assure you that he is dead. I saw it myself.” 
 A woman holding a young child follows him out. Reaching Jeff, he kisses the child and then her. “Mia, Andrew, this is my wife, Sarah and daughter, Andrea.”
 “It’s very nice to meet the ones who finally convinced Grant to come.” She smiles.
 Grant takes the young girl in her arms and holds her up in the air. She smiles and his whole face lights up.
 I can hear Sarah ask Jeff. “Where are Charlie and Mark?”
 “They went exploring with the children. They’re not too far. Don’t worry.” He wraps his arm around her waist.
 I turn to Grant. “How is Amelia feeling this morning?”
 “She seemed fine when I checked on her, but said she wanted to sleep in. Have you heard anything from your friend, has she found Amanda?”
 “We haven’t heard anything back yet so I am going to take Nicholas and Kayla to a cabin that we have at the base of the mountain range.”
 “Mia, you can’t be alone with them and Andrew can’t be with them, it will be too dangerous during their first transformation. I know he can heal, but I don’t think it would be safe and truthfully, you are not equipped to contain them.” Grant’s worry for my safety is apparent.
 A look passes between Grant and Jeff and then Jeff and Sarah before he nods. “Mia, I don’t know if you have made any arrangements with your friends, but we would be happy to help you, if you trust us.”
 Andrew interjects. “We have done some research and one of ours has been involved with a transformation before, but this is something that is out of our realm, any information and help that you could provide is greatly appreciated.”
 Grant turns to Andrew. “Have you any leads on where Amanda is yet?”
 “Cecil has a lead on her that she is following up. I’m hoping that she can find her before the first full moon and help.”
 “Even if she does come, she wouldn’t be able to do anything during their first transformation that has to happen on its own without interference. One of our members insisted on her help before the child had undergone the first transformation and returned back to his human form. Amanda tried to warn him that she didn’t know what would happen and didn’t want to do it, but he insisted.”
 “What happened?”
 Grant shakes his head as if trying to rid himself of a disturbing memory. “Jack’s body began fighting itself, transforming in and out without any control until one day, his organs began to shut down. It was terrible, nothing like that has ever happened since. We found as long as the first transformation is completed, the spell is fine as long as Amanda herself does it. We have run across other witches and they have tried to perform the ritual, but to no avail.” 
 Jeff turns to Andrew. “Does this cabin have any reinforced walls or steel doors?”
 “No, but if you tell me what is needed I’m sure that we could get something along those lines together in the next few days. Is there any possibility that you know of for the children to begin transforming before the night of the first full moon?”
 “I have never seen anyone, even those who were bitten, change before the first full moon, nor has there been any stories which I came across which would indicate that possibility. Could you show me the cabin so that I can get an idea of what is there and tell you what we may need?”
 Andrew kisses my cheek. “I’ll show Jeff. It will be quicker if we go alone. Let Eva know that no patients should go beyond the recreation building today. We have a lot to accomplish and will be faster on foot if we don’t have to worry about who may see us.” He asks Jeff. “Would you mind going on foot?”
 “Are you kidding, I love to run.”
 Grant interjects. “Would you mind if I come with you?”
 “Are you kidding, any help you could provide would be invaluable.” Andrew puts his hand on Grant’s shoulder just before the three of them are off.
 I turn to Sarah. “It was nice meeting you. If there is anything you need, please don’t hesitate to call extension twelve and we can get you anything you need. I have to go and ensure the patients don’t go into the woods today.” Her facial expression changes and she is staring at me.
 “Sarah, is something wrong?”
 Her voice turns cold. “No, it’s just nice to put a face to the name finally. I heard you and Jeff speaking on the porch and Jeff telling your son he knew your family in medical school, it finally clicked as to who you are.”
 “I’m sorry, I don’t understand.” 
 “You’re Mia Angelis. You’re the one Jeff fell in love with in medical school.” Her tone is full of disdain.
 “He knew my whole family. We were friends. That’s all.” Her face turns harder and I wonder what Jeff really told her, but I don’t have time to inquire or fix her misapprehension. The patients are going to be out soon and I can’t have our plans hindered or their seeing creatures which they have come to associate with destroying their lives. “I really have to go. It was nice meeting you. I’m very glad you came.” 
Walking away, I hear her mumble. “I bet you are.” Although I would like to stop it, I have no time to deal with this blooming issue right now.
 I let Eva know and then check on the children who I find playing in the recreation building. It is nice to see them smiling. 
Andrew returns and we lead the children over to the kitchen for lunch. “Where are Grant and Jeff?”
 “They went back to check on Amelia and Sarah and then talk.”
 “Were they any help as far as the cabin was concerned?”
 “Yes, Gabriel is going into town with Ryan and Jason to secure some metal reinforcements for the windows and a stronger door to make the cabin more secure.”
 When the children finish, Jacob asks if they could show the others the lake and cabin, so we walk up there. As they play hide and seek in the trees, Andrew hugs me. “Mia, can I ask you something?”
 “Sure, what’s up?”
 “Was Jeff the friend you told me about that you needed but who had moved on, all of a sudden, when you couldn’t move forward?”
 His remembering this story catches me off guard. “He was, but that was so long ago, what made you think of that now?”
 “I was thinking about what he said about hanging around with you, Katrina and David and then it clicked as to who he was.” Sadness flicks across his features and his voice turns soft. “It’s my fault that he moved on and you didn’t stay in touch. That night outside of your window, after our little scuffle, I warned him to stay away from you. I was trying to keep you from our kind and from being part of this existence. I didn’t realize that wolves could have normal families like his. I thought he was going to drag you in, I thought he would change you and ...”
 As frustration wells within him, I place my fingertips up to his mouth. “Andrew, stop. It was a long time ago and you didn’t do anything wrong. You were trying to protect me. Besides, I would have never moved on with him that way. I told you, my heart was always searching for you after Lake Anna and I’m so grateful that I found you and for our family.”
 He hugs me tighter. “But if I hadn’t interfered, maybe he could have helped you when you needed it. Maybe you wouldn’t have ...”
 I stretch and kiss him before he can work himself up any more. “I thought we agreed you would try not feeling so guilty about everything all the time. Really, Andrew everything is fine. I’m just glad that I’m with you and that he is here now, because I remember what a decent soul he is. I think he and Grant can help us.”
 “You are right about his soul, his aura is very bright, even brighter than Grant’s, but Sarah is jealous of you and is angry that Jeff wants to stay and help. She had no idea that you were here and Martina says she’s pretty upset knowing you are involved.”
 “How can she be jealous of me? She’s married to Jeff and has a wonderful family. Couldn’t she see how much I love you and my own wonderful family?”
 “She is Jeff’s second wife. He was married to her best friend. Charlie is not hers and Jeff and his first wife are friends now, but I guess she married him when he was still struggling with some issues and he cheated on her with Sarah.”
 “How did you get all of this? It was going through her mind when Martina came to track me down because Gabriel couldn’t reach me. I let my cell die again.”
 I laugh. For as meticulous as Andrew is about everything, he is forever allowing his phone to die. Leaning into his chest, he hugs me tightly. “Maybe I should talk to her? Let her know that I’m not trying to cause any trouble for them. All I want to do is get answers to help Nicholas and Kayla. Maybe I should just take Grant.”
 “Mia, you are going to need them both during that first transformation.”
 “Why, what did they tell you?”
 “When the children first transform their animal instincts are going to tell them to hunt because they will be ravenous. We are reinforcing the walls, window and door, but I don’t want to put them in a cage or prison type environment. After what they have gone through, it may cause even more problems. This will be traumatic enough for them and we are unsure how it would register in their subconscious if we place them in a barred room the way the wolves usually handle a transformation until they can learn to control themselves. In our case having them more agitated and wanting to run from their surroundings may be a recipe for disaster. I know Grant said they may not remember, but we are crossing lines, the children are not just human, they have other powers and that may affect their memory, so I don’t want to take any chances, but if they do break free, they will be too strong and too fast for you. You are going to need Grant and Jeff both in case the children split.”
 “Are you sure that I couldn’t keep up with them?”
 “Grant told me he is not even sure if they could keep up with them because young wolves are much faster than matured ones, but he says they are not as silent so they could track them if they get away. Mia, I think you and I should do this together. I’m sure that I could heal, even if they did bite me and I don’t like the idea of you trying to handle this on your own, too much can go wrong.” His tone is laced with worry and fear.
 Withdrawing from his embrace, my voice is louder than I wanted. “Absolutely not! You need to stay with Nicole and Jacob. You saw what happened to him last night. He needs to have at least one of us with him because you know that the nightmares aren’t over. They will probably get worse as he thinks about Nicholas and Kayla changing. That is going to be frightening enough for him and then to worry about you, it’s too much. Besides, you are not sure if you could heal. Andrew please, you can’t take that risk and you have to be here to protect Nicole and Jacob in case something goes terribly wrong. For everyone’s sake, you have to stay here and you know it.” 
 After what feels like an eternity, I hear his resigned sigh. “I just don’t like you out there exposed.”
 “I’ll be fine and maybe because of my connection to them, they will be calmer.”
 He appears skeptical. “From Reginald’s account, they may not recognize you when they first transform, they may even try to attack you. You need to prepare yourself for that.”
 “I don’t mean connect with them after they have changed. I’m talking about during the transformation. Jacob felt me when he got caught for the second time.”
 Andrew’s features register his shock. “I thought you could only feel them, but that they couldn’t even sense you.”
 “I thought so too, but when Jacob became really frightened, he felt me. Maybe I can make the same connection to Nicholas and Kayla. If I could somehow communicate with them while they were transforming on another level, they wouldn’t have to be so alone and maybe they wouldn’t be out of control. I’m hoping that I can help them.”
 “Mia, you know how much that drains you. If you fail and something went wrong, you would be vulnerable.”
 “That’s why I thought I would take these few days to try it. If I can’t do it, then I would still have a few days before the full moon, but if I could do it, then maybe it would make it easier for them, less traumatic, and less dangerous.”
 “When do you want to try?”
 “I thought I would try tonight as they are falling asleep. Their minds will be more open then. If it works, then we could try again tomorrow when they are more awake.”
 That afternoon, Andrew meets with Gabriel and the others to work on reinforcing the cabin.
 I’m surprised to see Jeff coming toward me alone.
 “I’m sorry about Sarah’s behavior earlier. I hope she wasn’t too unpleasant.”
 “She wasn’t unpleasant at all. I should be apologizing to you. I hope I didn’t do or say anything to upset her.”
 “No, it’s not you at all. She gets jealous sometimes. It’s my fault. I have been really stupid sometimes and haven’t made her feel secure in our relationship, but I really do love her.” He shakes his head and changes the subject. “I’m glad to see that you’re doing well. Although I do have to say I am surprised to see you with Andrew. The night I met him, he seemed so determined to keep everything from our world away from you. He practically bit my head off swearing you would have a normal life and nothing from our world would ever touch you.”
 “Sometimes life takes a very strange turn of events and things you never expected happen.”
 “Yes, I would have never pegged you for a witch, but Grant tells me he thinks that you are one of the most powerful ones he has ever come across, especially after what you did to David.”
 “I must have just caught him off guard.” Disbelief that anyone could really think I’m strong resonates in my tone.
 “No. Trust me nothing ever caught him off guard. It had to be something you did.”
 “Jeff, not to change the subject, but in the short time I have known your father, I know he feels very bad about what passed between you and feels he failed you by not being there for you when your mother and brother passed. He feels very guilty that his inability to deal with the situation and loss caused you to be left to grieve on your own. I hope that your coming here can be a new start for you two and that you can both begin to heal. I know how difficult it can be to lose someone. I wish I had known about your mom, you could have talked to me.”
 “Mia, I couldn’t talk to anyone then. How would I be able to tell anyone that vampires killed my werewolf mother and brother?” He shakes his head. “If I tried to talk about it but hide what really happened that would have only made me angrier and more frustrated than I already was. Besides, you were dealing with a bad issue of your own.” Sorrow once again flickers across his features and my stomach is queasy as I realize now what he is referring to. “In fact seeing the way you shut down, despite how close we had become is what first led me to realize what was going on with Grant. Watching you close yourself off, isolate yourself from everyone, even me after...” He ceases suddenly when I involuntarily shudder. “I’m sorry. Sometimes I run off at the mouth. It’s just that watching you helped me realize that everyone deals with bad situations differently. My father shut down and tried desperately to hold on to my mother’s memory, while I got angry and had to run, but you can’t run from yourself can you?”
 “No, you can’t. However, sometimes we do try, don’t we?” I say hoping to lighten my now darkened mood.
 “I tried running from myself and ran directly into my first wife. I should have realized though that I wasn’t really ready or stable enough to know myself, let alone share a life with another person. We are friends now and I wouldn’t trade Charlie for anything, but I really put her through hell.”
 “Charlie looks just like you.” 
 “Almost, he has his mother’s green eyes and thankfully her temperament.” We both laugh. “I can’t believe how much Nicholas looks like David. Is that how you learned about Andrew? I heard that you were in the accident with your sister, was he close by when it occurred?”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Mia, the night he was out your window was not the only time I saw him watching you. After our encounter, he was not the only one who was observing you. I knew what he said, but for a while, I still wasn’t convinced that he wasn’t hunting you. It was only after I began to watch him that I came to realize he was a watcher, a guardian. I had heard of it, but never saw one before him.”
 “I don’t understand.”
 “There have been stories of werewolves and vampires who sometimes can’t help but be drawn to a human with such a strong desire to protect them, to ensure their safety that they become their guardians. The connection they feel to protect them and keep them from harm can’t be ignored, it’s like a compulsion and they stick to that individual until they move on to the next plane. However, they usually go unseen, undetected to the human they are protecting because they don’t want that person to be frightened or to become aware of our existence. Although in your case, I guess Andrew couldn’t help but reveal himself to you. I could see he was falling in love with you and that’s when I finally left. I just assumed that when you got into the accident, he rescued you and you became aware of what he was.”
 “No, he was with me in the accident, but you’re right, he also saved me that evening.”
 “Now I don’t understand.”
 “By the time of the accident, Andrew and I were already working together and I had already fallen in love with him, but he was fighting it so that this world wouldn’t touch me. Back then, we had no idea what I was.”
 He features betray his surprised by my revelation. “I thought this hospital story was just a front to hide the community you formed up here. Are you telling me that this is really a hospital with normal humans that you treat?” 
 “Yes. This is really a hospital. Andrew is head of the terminally ill department and I help people whose lives have been devastated by the surreal. However, we don’t confirm this world to them, we just try to help them find peace with what has happened and give them a safe place to find solace where people don’t treat them as deranged because they talk about vampires or shadowy figures that killed their loved ones.”
 Stunned he mechanically sits on the fallen log I am standing before. “How can they stand to be around people and not attack? How can they hide what they are from the patients? I have only heard of the watchers being able to control themselves against feeding on the human that they are guarding. I know that everyone isn’t as barbaric as David and his covens, but still...” Kneeling next to him, I know he’s talking to himself, but feel the need to answer him.
 “There are many vampires who don’t kill, especially the ones here, they are committed to preserving human lives and protecting those that darkness tries to claim. The St. Cloud’s and their friends are truly amazing, Jeff, they have dedicated their existence to helping. This is not the only hospital that they have established and their friends are running and caring for people in the others.”
 He looks up at me stunned. “They really don’t feed on their patients?”
 “Oh no. Never. This is not a front at all and since our children were born, they have even set up a school here so that our children could learn how to use their strength to help others and grow up with families who want to ensure that their children don’t see what they are as a curse, but a gift, one that comes with great responsibility and one that can never be used in anger.”
 He shakes his head. 
 “What’s wrong?”
 “I’m just amazed. You fought so hard against everything medical in school and now, listening to you, you have really embraced it and sound as if you love it.”
 “I do. Back then, you’re right, it was in no way what I wanted, but Andrew’s sister came into my life and showed me that there was another way to help in the medical field and she threw me a line when I really needed help.”
 He mumbles to himself and his features reflect a profound sadness. “Why couldn’t our pack be that way?”
 “I’m very sorry that your pack wasn’t there for you when you were going through your mother’s death, but it sounds as if you have found a home now.”
 “It is better now.” His head whips around and he stares at me, a look of horror overtaking his features. “Mia, did you say Andrew’s sister?”
 “Yes. Why?”
 “They were converted together?”
 “His whole family was converted, why?” 
 He grabs my hands. “Mia, families don’t get converted. Vampires usually only attack one or maybe two, we have only heard of David changing families.” Squeezing my hands tighter, his eyes dart to the children. “Are you sure you know Andrew? Mia, David’s coven is very clever, they have spent years lulling people into complacency only to hunt them viciously later.” His grasp tightens further and I cannot feel my hands.
 “Jeff, it’s alright, let go, you’re hurting me.”
 Before I even realize what’s happening, Jacob flies at Jeff, knocking him to the ground and is standing before me protectively. “Mom, are you alright?”
 “Honey, I’m fine.” Turning him, I hug him. “Why did you do that?”
 His features change from upset to confused as Jeff rises, rubbing his head. “You said he was hurting you, I knocked him off the log so that he couldn’t hurt you anymore.”
 I’m stunned that he could even hear me. “Jacob, it’s alright. Jeff was just caught off guard by something I said and his hands mistakenly grabbed my wrists. It’s alright Jacob. I’m fine. Nothing happened. He wasn’t trying to hurt me.”
 Turning to Jeff before I tell him to apologize, Jacob’s voice is timid. “I’m very sorry for knocking you over. I thought you were trying to hurt my mom, like that other man.” 
 “It’s fine. I would have done the same thing if I thought someone was hurting my family. You have quite a grip and great hearing.”
 “Are you sure you’re alright? I know that I’m not supposed to do things like that, but I panicked. I don’t want my mom hurt.”
 Putting his hand on Jacob’s shoulder, Jeff’s voice is reassuring. “I’m fine really and I didn’t mean to hurt your mom, it was an accident. She is very lucky to have you as a protector.”
 “Jake why don’t you tell the others we will head back in about ten minutes.” Walking away, he keeps glancing back to make sure I’m alright. He is so much like his father at such a young age.
 Turning my attention back to Jeff, “I’m sorry about that, so much has happened that he is afraid ...”
 Jeff raises his hand. “You don’t have to explain to me. I understand and really he didn’t hurt me, I was just caught off guard. I didn’t mean to hurt you, but Mia how many of Andrew’s family are here?” Concern for this matter resonates strong in his tone.
 “Jeff, Andrew was not created by David I assure you. Andrew and his family’s story is unique and has nothing to do with David or any of his creations. I saw what happened to his family. I assure you there is nothing cynical or deceiving about them. They are good people and all they want to do is help.”
 He sits there, his mouth agape. Finally he pulls himself from whatever he is contemplating. “He was a vampire when I saw him. You couldn’t have seen his creation.”
 “I didn’t see it when it actually happened. It’s a long story, but sometimes I can see histories or what happened when I am around the area where it happened and have items from the time period. On our honeymoon, Andrew brought me back to his home, where his family was attacked and converted. I saw what happened to them and despite how awful it was for them, they emerged a good, strong family. They have no connection to David and they are nothing like the vampires that you have described, I assure you. If they were, I would have never let Nicholas and Kayla come here, nor would I have fallen in love with him and had a family with him.”
 Jeff backs up on the log, his eyes showing his absolute disbelief. “Are you telling me that Jacob and Nicole are natural born vampires, Andrew didn’t sire them for you?” 
 “Yes, they are our children, not his creation. They are not full vampires. They only have some vampire features.”
 “Is that really possible? I thought that was all rumors and stories. We have heard about rare cases, but I always thought that was a lie.”
 “It is rare, but it’s not a lie.”
 Composing himself and moving closer to me, his tone returns somewhat to normal. “I’m sorry, it’s just that since what happened I have tried to learn all I could about them and now you’re turning everything that I have learned upside down. Good vampires who don’t kill to feed. Who would have thought?” 
 I laugh. “You would be surprised at how many I have come across since meeting Andrew and how much they really do band together to help each other and to ensure the safety of those who are in danger from other creatures of the surreal. Jeff please you need to believe that everyone on this complex, whether witch or vampire, is committed to the greater good and keeping their families in the light. It sounds like what you have learned is very one sided and I assure you that no one here is like that. Right now, we are all afraid of what will happen to Nicholas and Kayla when they transform and are committed to helping them through this so that my family can be united again. I’m sure your father told you what they went through and what Paul and Julianne went through at David’s hands. All we want to do is help the children, including Paul and Julianne deal with the repercussions from that awful event and help them move on.”
 “Grant did tell me what you did and how you were just as concerned for my family as you were for your own. He also told me how you turned yourself over to David to buy the others more time to join together and come up with a plan of attack. That’s why you have to allow us to help you with Nicholas and Kayla. You helped save my family. Let my father and I help you save yours. I know you haven’t seen me in a very long time and now know what I am and you don’t know Grant that well, but we can help, but you are going to have to trust us and believe me when I say that Andrew can’t be there. The smell of a vampire when they convert will make them violent. They will feel threatened and will not recognize Andrew as their father. They will only smell the danger from a vampire and will want to attack. You know they won’t even recognize you as their mother, but where you are not a vampire, they won’t see you as that type of threat.”
 His words frighten me. “Will they always see Andrew and their family as a threat because of what they are?”
 “Honestly, I’m not sure. I know when we convert, we do. However, that could also be because of our experiences with them. Your children may not have the same reaction to the smell of a vampire because they have been raised not to fear vampires.” Something seems to occur to him. “Mia, I am not being coy with you, it’s just that they have been raised different and there are so many factors now to consider, especially because of their most recent experience. Although they may not come to want to attack vampires because of how they were raised, they have also experienced terror because of David’s family that may play a pivotal role in their first conversion. Are they powerful witches as well or is that just you?”
 “They have had powers since they were babies, but we have always restricted their use because we wanted them to grow up working for what they wanted and to grow as individuals first.”
 He sits contemplating. “This may also change their conversion. Mia, when we saw the cabin with Andrew, he refused to allow us to install a cage for them, are you committed to that as well.” 
 I nod emphatically.
 Despite his sigh, his voice is calm. “I can understand why and I’m not trying to be unreasonable, as I told Andrew, I agree that even if we were to put bars around the windows and doors, against his wishes, he is right that the walls would probably give way from the force exerted, but all of this is going to make it essential that Grant and I keep them contained. We won’t hurt them I promise, but we may do things that will upset you. Are you committed to coming with us?”
 “Yes I am. We can’t put them in a cage, especially after what they have already experienced and I don’t want them going through a conversion alone, they have already been traumatized.”
 His eyes turn understanding, but his tone reflects his concern. “It would be more traumatic if they killed you or someone in their family.” 
 “Will they really be that out of control that they can’t be contained by you and Grant?”
 “Young werewolves are extremely strong and powerful. They are also very fast. Normally we have two on one and the others are alert, but ours have grown up knowing and being prepared for this. For those who have been bitten, we usually use the cell when they first convert and have two standing guard. In your case, I do understand why you don’t want to use the cage, but you need to understand that we are already at a disadvantage where your children have no knowledge of this, are not prepared, have already undergone a traumatic event which will make their conversion more unstable, their fear will contribute to heightening their need to run, more importantly, we don’t know what their witch powers are going to enhance or cause to interfere with their conversion.”
 My heart rate spikes with each word spoken as anxiety creeps into every cell of my being. “Should we be searching for others to help us or should I get them further away?”
 “Normally I would say yes to both, but Mia, this could be very dangerous where they have increased powers. I’m concerned that things could get out of control like they did causing your children to get bit in the first place if there are too many wolves involved who are also unfamiliar with each other and considering my men’s aversions, I do not even want to send for them. They may react too aggressively. We are already concerned when our own go through conversions, that’s why Grant refused Paul when he begged to help. In fact, I wish I could convince you not to come. You need to understand that their animal instincts will react to your fear.”
 “Jeff, I have to be there. They need me and I’m hoping that I can connect with them to make it easier. Did Grant tell you at all about me?”
 “He did tell me that you somehow could feel them and know what is happening, but he didn’t think you were communicating with them.”
 “I wasn’t, but I did get through once and I’m hoping to try to do it again over the next few days. If I can somehow connect and they can feel me with them during the conversion, I can help contain them and calm them.” 
 As the children approach, we rise. Jacob inches over toward Jeff, once more. “Mr. Sheffield I truly am sorry for knocking you down.”
 “Jake don’t worry about it, I’m fine. I would have done the same thing if I thought someone was hurting my mom and you can call me Jeff.” He smiles.
 Jacob smiles and seems to relax as we walk back. Andrew and the others haven’t returned so I make dinner. As they are eating, I hear a knock, its Emma.”
 “Where are the children?”
 “In the kitchen, eating. Why?” 
 “Mia, we have placed various protections between the cabin and Sanctuary, each a little stronger, with the strongest here. If they get this far, we are hoping that this will knock them down as opposed to just repel them, but after speaking with Reginald, he didn’t want to put anything that could possibly make them lose consciousness because he didn’t know what that would do during the conversion. He wants you to see him. He has some repellant spells that you could use to try to keep them away from any doors or windows. He will also Patrol the area around Sanctuary just in case they break through our barriers.
 “Would you mind staying with them? Where’s Reginald?”
 “He’s at the terminal building with James. They are setting up some tests. Go on, I’ll stay until Andrew returns. Victor called. They are on their way back.”
 Reginald is alone in the lab. When I enter, he puts down the vile. “Let’s go to the lounge.”
 “Have you discovered anything?” I inquire on the way. 
“We have tested some of Sebastian’s blood and the chemical makeup is definitely that of a human. There are some abnormalities and James is trying to follow those leads, but it sounds like we have a much greater issue to deal with first. The first conversion is difficult to watch and a little slower than the rest. You need to be prepared, not only for what you see, but to throw the spells I am going to teach you. I promise you that they will not hurt them, but I’m hoping that they will throw them back away from the openings. Even if they hit the wall or floor, it won’t harm them.”
 As this thought flashes in my head, along with the feeling of being thrown against the estate walls by David, I shudder.
 Noticing this, Reginald speaks firmly. “Mia, you can’t hesitate. In that moment, they will be gone. They are that fast. It would be better if you could keep them contained because in truth, our protective shields may not work. I’m concerned about the things we don’t know with such a mixed conversion and the effects on their already traumatized bodies to place certain things in the shields which may repel witches as well. What I’m teaching you will hopefully just keep them off balance enough to go through the first conversion without running anywhere.”
 Listening intently, I try the spells with him. After about half an hour I feel extremely weak as if I am fighting against a riptide and fall toward the floor while tossing Reginald back. Surprisingly, he catches me before my head hits the table and guides me gently to the floor. “Mia, what happened? Are you alright?”
 I try to rise, but my head spins violently and my stomach contracts. Helping me to the daybed, he goes to the kitchen and brings me back juice. Andrew enters as I’m still drinking and as he glances at Reginald’s worried face, his features turn concerned immediately. “Is everything alright?”
 Clearing my throat in hopes of answering strong, I’m disappointed as my voice sounds uncertain. “We were just practicing some spells and I became a little tired.”
 I catch the look passing between Andrew and Reginald. “Mia, it is more than just you being tired, isn’t it?” His tone is accusatory.
 “I’m fine really. I just hadn’t eaten and with the stress, you know me. I become weak at the drop of a dime when I don’t eat.” I laugh, but their expressions remain concerned. 
 Andrew inquires of Reginald directly. “Do you think it is more than just exhaustion and hunger? Is there a possibility that she could still convert because of the bites or that there is something going on that we are unaware of?”
 “I really can’t say. You know that everyone who is bitten either dies or is converted. I can’t explain why it didn’t happen. You should try to run some more tests and see if there are significant changes.” I shoot him an angry look, which I hope Andrew does not catch. “She could be right, it could be just her body is still recovering from the loss of blood. She should eat and you should at least check her out and make sure that physically she appears to be the same.
 Looking down at my watch, I realize the children will be getting ready for bed. “We can do that later. I want to see the children before they go to bed and I still need to try to connect with Kayla and Nicholas.”
 Andrew opens his mouth to object and I rise. “Don’t fight me on this please, you won’t win.”
 Walking back, I am fighting to take every step, but try to appear un-phased not wanting to give Andrew any reason to give me trouble with what I have to do. When we arrive, the children are ready for bed and Gabriel and Martina are there. 
 Kissing them and tucking them in, Andrew insists that I eat something before beginning the process of trying to connect to them. Quickly downing some granola cereal, I begin concentrating. I quickly connect to Nicholas and Kayla, but Gabriel informs me that he sees nothing to indicate that they are detecting my presence. After a few hours, they are sound asleep and I am extremely discouraged. Gabriel excuses himself and Andrew hugs me.
 “It will be alright. We still have time.”
 “I know. I was just hoping that I could make it easier for them.”
 “You may still be able to, even if you can’t connect to them. Besides I have an idea.”
 Taking in a deep breath, he doesn’t speak for what feels like an eternity. When I can’t take it any longer, I inquire “Are you going to tell me?” 
 “I will, but first I want to check you out. I know how you love to downplay how you feel and I saw the look on Reginald’s face, so let me get Eva to stay here and you are coming with me.” His has his no nonsense tone and I know arguing with him is futile so I resign myself to my fate.
 After an hour of him running his tests and while we are waiting for the blood work to return, he finally clues me in. “You connected with Jacob when he was frightened and really needed you. I think you can do the same when we tell Nicholas and Kayla what we suspect is going to happen to them. I know that it is going to be frightening, but we need to prepare them. I know that Reginald said sometimes they don’t remember their initial conversions, but we can’t depend upon that and we can’t hide what they will be going through. They seem to have accepted Grant and his children which may make this easier, especially if we don’t show them that we are concerned. Maybe after that, your connecting with them will be easier because despite any downplay that we can manage, this is something new and will be somewhat frightening for them.”
 I hate putting them through something else, but he is right, we have to tell them. “When should we tell them?”
 “I would like to get them back in to their routine as soon as possible, so I think if they feel up to it, we should have them go to school tomorrow and then give it another day or two depending upon the read we get from them. I know you don’t want to wait, but I think that the stronger they go into this situation feeling like themselves, if that is possible, the better they will be through the conversion.” He takes my hands, caressing my knuckles with his thumbs. “During that time, Mia, you need to do all you can to get stronger and to rest. Although the other tests have come back within normal range, your heart rate and pulse rate have changed; they are slower than before this happened. Something may be going on with you that we are unaware of.”
 With so many more important issues to worry about, I don’t want him concerned with this and try to distract him. “I know one way to get my heart and pulse to race.” Allowing my hands to glide up his strong arms and across his shoulders, I brush my fingertips down to his fastened buttons.” 
 His arms snake around my back, drawing me into an embrace while his lips tenderly nuzzle my neck until they are up to my ear. “I think you are trying to distract me.”
 “You said you want my heart racing, can you hear it now?” It’s pounding erratically.
 I feel a smile cross his beautiful lips as they leave gentle kisses across my cheek to the corner of my lips. “Yes I can.” 
 “Maybe you should take me home and see if we can keep my heart at this sprint.” Claiming his lips heated blood courses through my veins. I’m vaguely aware that he is intertwining our hands and walking backwards.
 When we return, Eva lets us know the children are sleeping soundly before leaving. Leading Andrew into the bedroom, I slowly unbutton his shirt and allow my fingertips to run down his torso. I can’t believe how my heart still races wildly and how he still shivers at my touch. We stay locked in each other’s embrace until I wake at four-thirty. 
It is nice seeing Andrew’s eyes closed and I’m hoping he is relaxing, but as I move, his eyes spring open. “How are you feeling this morning?” He inquires quietly.
 “I believe you adjusted my heart rate to a sprint” I tease, “But if you would like to increase it again, I’m sure we have an hour or so before we have to wake the children.” Leaning up on my elbow, I run my fingers across his muscular chest.
 He embraces me tenderly and kisses me, but all too quickly, he is releasing me and leaning on his own elbow. “Mia, I love starting your heart, but we need to talk a moment, before the children wake up. I got the results of your blood test a few hours ago and it has changed.”
 “How?”
 “Some of the abnormalities we see in David and Marlena’s blood counts are now in yours. We don’t know exactly why and I can’t say for sure it is because he and Marlena bit you, nor can we tell whether the abnormalities are temporary or permanent, but it has changed and I’m concerned. I don’t like not having the answers where you are concerned and with what you are going to try to do in the next few days.”
 Putting my fingertip upon his lip, he sighs and I curl up into his side, raising my eyes to meet his. “Andrew, you just said this could be something temporary. I feel fine, really and we need to concentrate on what is happening to Nicholas and Kayla, prepare them and still deal with all of the fallout from the events which transpired over the last week. I’m sure in time, my tests will turn up normal so that you don’t have to worry so much and our family will be fine again.” 
Pulling him closer, I don’t want him obsessing about this issue. Drawing my lips across his muscular chest, I kiss every inch of his torso tenderly, but his body remains rigid and his mind focused on this new development. “Andrew, please I really do feel fine, but I will make you a deal, if you promise to push this issue aside for the moment, you can run all of the tests you desire later.”
 He draws in a resigned breath and I know he’ll concede to my wishes. “I promise I won’t push it right now, but if you start to feel any changes at all, you have to tell me.”
 “I will, I promise. Now let’s see about getting my heart racing again.” I pull him towards me.
 Breakfast is on the table as the children rise and hurry to get ready for school. I’m happy to hear them chit chat about some of the assignments that are coming up. 
 Over the next two days, they seem to be getting back into the swing of school and their routine, despite the nightmares that creep into their dreams about the dungeon. 
Andrew and I are readying ourselves to talk to them in the morning when Kayla’s screams. “I didn’t kill anyone. They…” Reaching her, I hug her tightly, reassuring her that she is home and safe. When we question her about her dream, all she remembers is someone yelling that she killed her uncle. As she finally falls asleep, I begin questioning whether telling her in a few hours is the right thing to do. Maybe it would be better to see if they remember their initial conversion and speak to them later if they remember it at all considering they are still dealing with the other traumatic experience. Despite my qualms, Andrew holds steadfast that we have to prepare them and that although it might frighten them more at first, in the long run they would be better prepared to deal with the lapse in memory and possibly the conversion itself. 
When the children enter the kitchen, we tell them they won’t be going to school because we have to talk about something. 
 Tears well in Kayla’s eyes and she grabs Nicholas’ hand; he rubs her arm. “We already know what they are going to say. We have been counting down too. You can’t worry about it. They won’t let us do anything bad. Last night was only a dream. They won’t let you kill anyone. Charlie said it really isn’t that bad. We just have to learn to control it and then look at it as another power.”
 Andrew and I can’t hide our shocked expressions. In my peripheral vision, I catch Jacob shaking his head. “Mom, did you really think we weren’t going to figure it out too.” 
 Nicholas interjects. “We feel the change coming. What we couldn’t understand is why you were afraid to tell us. Didn’t you think we would notice the whispers?”
 Andrew responds. “We wanted to get as much information as possible about the situation and put as much protection for you in place before we talked to you so that we could assure you that everything will be fine. I’m happy to hear your attitude because you’re absolutely right, it will be another power that you can exercise and you will learn to control it and to control your transformation. Do you remember Cecil?”
 “Yes. Why?”
 “She is following a lead to get Amanda, the witch who helped Charlie control his transformation so that he doesn’t involuntarily change with the full moon. As soon as she reaches her, she will come and help us make it easier for you, but for the first time, mom is going to take you with Grant and Jeff to a cabin.”
 Nicole turns to Andrew. “Dad, I think that we should all go up with them so that we can help too. I know that Kayla is afraid that she could hurt someone because of her dreams and maybe if we all go together it will make her feel better.”
 His tone fills with understanding. “We can’t go with them this time honey because our presence may make it more difficult for them.”
 “I don’t understand, we’re family, we would make it easier not harder.”
 Moving closer to Nicole, I turn her face so that she will look at me. “Nicole, you know how much Kayla and Nicholas love you, but the first time they transform, they may be confused because it is a new form, they will have other senses that are more dominant than the ones that they are used to so it would be better if they didn’t have people distracting them. Jeff and Grant are coming with me because they have been through this before and they will be able to help me make them more comfortable and calm.” Although I want to downplay everything as much as possible, it is obvious that they have drawn certain conclusions and their dreams are clearly defining the dangers. “Mom, do you really think that they can help us and keep us from killing or biting anyone? It was really confusing when Grant’s pack was in the woods and I know they said that it was a mistake, but I’m afraid that we could make the same type of mistake if we’re around anyone. Maybe Nicholas and I should go somewhere alone until it’s all over.”
 “Kayla, you are not going to hurt anyone, Grant’s pack made a mistake because they were in attack mode, they had already lost some of their pack and knew David and his coven were dangerous, but you will be with me, you have grown up loving and trusting your family. When you transform, you will not be in attack mode, you will be in a warm, comfortable cabin and I will be with you to help reassure you that everyone you love only wants what is best for you.”
 Although her body slumps in relief, I catch the looks passing between the children and wonder what else they may have discerned. 
 “Dad, since we already know what you wanted to discuss with us about, can we go to school today? We still have a few more days before the full moon and we would rather not focus on it. Charlie told us it wouldn’t be that bad and that his dad was really good at containing him and some of the others, so there really isn’t too much more you could tell us.” His eyes shoot to the floor and his tone turns somber. “We are just hoping to get through it and then be able to stop transforming until we get a handle on the powers that we want to learn about.”
 Andrew’s eyes shoot to mine and I nod. “If that’s what you want to do, get your books, but after school we need you to come back here so mom can try something with you.”
 “Alright”
 Kayla appears calmer as she picks up her books and Nicole hands her an apple for snack.
 Returning late in the afternoon, I am finally able to connect with Kayla and Nicholas. After several hours, they not only feel my presence, but intermittently, they hear me with every fiber of their being. 
Trying the next day, my communicating with them is still intermittent.
 As the sun rises on day of the first full moon, butterflies overwhelm me. Cecil found Amanda and they are on their way, but we still have this phase to go through. Hopefully after the full moon cycle, Amanda will cast her spell and the children will be able to cast this power aside until they feel more secure to use it. 
Kissing Andrew, Nicole and Jake good-bye, Andrew pulls me aside. “Mia, you need to let Jeff and Grant take the lead. They are more equipped to handle this and your heart rate is still slower than before. Please be careful and know that I love you.” His worry and concern are seeping through his strong façade. 
Squeezing his hand, hoping to reassure him, I try to ensure my voice sounds confident. “I know you love me and I know you love our children, so you watch over and protect Nicole and Jacob and I will protect Nicholas and Kayla. I will see you in the morning.” Kissing him good-bye once more, we go to meet up with Grant and Jeff. 
 At the house, Charlie is waiting outside and yells in for his dad before running over to Kayla. He whispers. “It won’t be that bad, don’t worry really. The more relaxed you are the easier and quicker it will happen. Then it will be all over. You’re not concerned anymore about hurting anyone are you because I spoke to my dad and he promised me that nothing would happen to you.”
 Even whispering, her nerves pierce through our quiet surroundings. “I’m not worried about something happening to me, I’m more worried about what I might do to someone else.”
 His hand moves toward hers and I see him drop something into her palm. “This is my good luck charm, place it around your neck, the chain is big enough that even when you transform it won’t break or hurt you, I always wear it and I have never hurt anyone. Wear it and I’m sure it will bring you luck too.”
 “Thank you” Placing it around her neck, she tucks it into her shirt. 
 I catch a smile between Charlie and Nicholas before they notice I’m watching them and then they try to redirect my attention. “Mom, there’s Grant.” As I move closer to him, I hear Nicholas whisper. “Thank you.” 
 “Don’t worry about it, I like Kayla, she’s cool.”
 “Jeff just needs a minute and then we can get started.”
 We drive as far as we can and then hike. By mid-afternoon, Kayla cannot tear her eyes from the sky and is becoming more anxious with each passing hour. Nicholas tries to make her feel better as she strokes the good luck charm underneath her shirt, but as the sky darkens so does her mood. 
Jeff and Grant try to reassure her, but even I cannot draw her out of her shell to even glance away from the window. As the last ray of sun sinks below the horizon, she turns rigid. I don’t need Andrew here to confirm that her palpitating heart is racing with anxiety. 
Even Grant and Jeff seem more anxious now. They continuously cross the room, checking the locks and circling the children. Leading them over to a blanket in the corner, away from all openings, I take their hands and try to connect with them before the phasing begins in hopes of maintaining my connection to keep them calm so that I will not need to utilize the spells Reginald taught me. Although I practiced with Andrew to avoid hesitation, using it against my children is another story. I offer a silent prayer that I will be strong enough if it becomes necessary to use it and keep them contained because the alternative is unthinkable.
 As we concentrate, I feel Jeff and Grant move closer. My eyes fly open as I feel Kayla’s muscles contracting. Her eyes fill with terror at what is to come. All of a sudden, Nicholas bursts into form and is growling viciously. As he rises on all fours, my authoritative voice ringing in his head, surprises even me. I didn’t even realize I also connected with him. As I yell “Nicholas sit now” I feel him fighting to do what he is told. He’s not strong enough to overcome his struggle and his head whips toward Kayla. His growl echoes through the cabin. She screams, but then her face turns hard, her body shakes and contorts violently before bursting into wolf form. 
My back is turned to Nicholas who is growling fiercely, as I turn to see him, his teeth are bared and I am suddenly buried under a ball of fur. Struggling to free my hands, I wrench my right wrist free and throw the repellant spell. A wolf flies across the room, but it is not Nicholas who is still growling beside me. As the wolf rises lithely to his feet, it must be Jeff because Grant is just phasing as Nicholas and Kayla are now charging toward each other head on. I’ve lost my connection and have no choice but to throw the spell toward both of them. I gasp realizing if I fail, they will be fighting each other and Grant and Jeff will have to rip them apart.
 My spell does not work as well on them. They merely wobble and step back slightly. I am in the midst of four werewolves, each growling viciously. 
 Nicholas and Kayla redirect their attention and jump toward the corner where I had thrown Jeff and are about to pounce on him. Knowing I could move him more effectively, I use the repellant spell in reverse to bring him closer to me. I fight to keep each wolf straight in my head. Jeff is a dark gray wolf; Grant is spotted gray; Nicholas is almost black; while Kayla is chocolate brown.
 Nicholas and Kayla are about to crash into each other when I see Kayla flying toward the bed in the opposite corner. She lands lithely on her feet as I hear a satisfied huff come from Nicholas. I wonder if he repelled her toward the bed with the spell they learned in England, but how? I cannot even dwell on the thought. She springs again, this time heading for Grant. I move him quickly, and she hits the wall. Although she doesn’t seem fazed, I wince. 
Nicholas lunges toward her. I scream thinking he will hurt her, and so must Jeff who tries to intercept by jumping between them, but before he lands, Nicholas is already by her side, his nose is stroking hers. On some level, piercing through the shock, I realize he is not trying to hurt her at all; he is trying to comfort her and I force myself to concentrate and try to connect with them once more, but can only connect to Nicholas. His body seems rigid as if he is trying to force his every movement and is fighting with himself. I feel the struggle within him and can hear him screaming at himself that he can’t lose control. 
Suddenly, rage engulfs him and a vicious growl rips through his chest. He crouches as if to lunge at Jeff and I throw the repellant spell, but this time, his stance does not even wobble. Readying myself to redirect the energy to move Jeff, I see Grant about to pounce, but Nicholas thrusts himself backwards from the crouch. I’m not sure how he is doing it, but he has moments of extreme control.
 Kayla, on the other hand is growling wildly and bearing her teeth. She crouches and lunges toward Nicholas. Throwing my energy her way, she goes flying across the room. I scream realizing she is about to hit a window, if she breaks it, she’ll be gone. Quickly, I redirect my energy to the window, hoping to hold it in place, but as I do, I feel something repelling my energy and it ricochets back toward me sending me flying instead. 
 I hit the wall with such force, I sink to the ground. Kayla is also on the ground with Jeff and Grant ensuring she does not move from the corner.
 Shaking off my surprise, Nicholas’ head whips toward my direction and then quickly toward the window, he growls viciously and bolts through the window. Scrambling to my feet, I’m surrounded by glass, yelling for him to come back. A commanding voice orders him to stop and a spell is cast. I should have known that Reginald would not be far away. Approaching the window, I hear a thud, then a whimper coming from the other side as I yell again. “Nicholas, come back please.” 
 Grant jumps past me and is outside growling at Nicholas, pinning him to the cabin wall. His eyes are focused on Reginald as he growls again in warning. He wants him to leave, and so do I. If the children bolt and he cannot deflect them, they may bite him. Kayla’s dream flashes through my memory. Climbing though the window, standing between Reginald and Nicholas and Grant, I yell. “Reginald, leave. Leave now, please.”
 Grant is forcing Nicholas toward the door as Reginald retreats about two hundred feet, with his hands still outstretched verbalizing spells. Although Grant is grunting and growling, the sounds are not angry. I wonder if they are somehow communicating. As Nicholas gets closer to the door, he crouches as if he is going to spring away, moving quickly I fling open the door as Grant lunges at Nicholas knocking him inside. Quickly closing the door and locking it, I run to stand before the window, hoping that I can compel Nicholas away from it and scanning the room for something more permanent to block it. As Grant inches Nicholas closer to where Jeff is containing Kayla who seems more unstable, continually contracting and springing forward, I realize that by each window and door there are planks on the floor, a hammer and some nails. Lifting the plank up, I am not strong enough to keep it up and pound the nails. Releasing it so I can cast the levitating spell, a pair of hands lifts it, holding for me. 
 “Mia, nail it in place quickly, he won’t be able to hold both of them if Nicholas loses control again.” Jeff’s eyes never leave Grant, Nicholas and Kayla. Securing it, he phases back just in time to jump between Nicholas, Grant and Kayla as Nicholas lunges forward. I throw the repellant spell and he wobbles for a few seconds. He is much stronger, Kayla is much easier to manipulate.
 As the hours pass, their growls and lunges are more frequent, but have less force. My connections with them are intermittent and it appears Nicholas is losing control more easily, but his attacks are weaker. I wonder if with each hour inching closer to daylight, their strength diminishes, maybe that will allow me to connect with them again. Closing my eyes, I concentrate and this time I am much more successful, neither kicks me out. I feel the fear engulfing both of them and the rigidity of their muscles, allowing the calming spell to flow through me, I feel Kayla relax slightly, but Nicholas is still rigid. Inching closer to him, hoping he will not lunge at me, I tentatively place my hand behind his furry ear, stroking it lightly. I can feel the rigidity in his body slowly release. 
 With deliberate, slow motions, I move my lips to his ear. “Nicholas, it’s mom, I know that you are trying to fight to keep control, it’s alright. It’s almost daybreak. You are doing it. I’m so proud of you. I love you, you’re going to be alright; everything will be alright. Relaxing more with each word spoken, he sinks to the floor, placing his head on my knee. Kayla follows suit, placing her head on my other knee. Stroking her head slowly, I croon softly. “Kayla, honey I’m here. Hold on for just a little while longer, it’s almost over. You made it, the morning is almost here. You did so well, you didn’t hurt anyone. You are doing fine.” I stroke their backs and for the first time, they are still as their eyes shift to the un-boarded window which is now showing the hints of a rising sun. As the sky becomes lighter, I continue whispering in their ears. As the first stray sunbeam hints that the sun will release the moon’s hold, their bodies begin contracting violently. Jeff jumps at me, pushing me away as Grant jumps between them separating them from each other. 
 After several hair raising growls and vibrating wolves, my children are again before me curled up tight in balls. The door opens as Grant and Jeff phase back to their human forms. I race toward Nicholas and Kayla as Andrew rushes through the door to us all.
 As I reach Kayla, Andrew reaches Nicholas. Kayla’s eyes are wide, filled with uncertainty and fear. “Is it over? What happened? Did I hurt anyone?” 
 “It’s all over and you did wonderfully. You didn’t even leave the cabin and no one is hurt. Don’t worry, you didn’t do anything. How do you feel?”
 Pausing as if assessing her body, her reply reflects her astonishment. “Strange, my body feels as if it has been in a fight and sore, but I can’t remember last night. I can’t remember it happening. Did I really change?”
 Nicholas chimes in. “You sure did and mom is right, you did really great.” He brushes Charlie’s charm. He was right, it brought you luck. I told you that you weren’t going to do anything bad and you were worrying for nothing, but I will tell you that you have one vicious roar.” He laughs, but her eyes grow wider. 
 “Did I roar at you?” She inquires quietly.
 “You did and I roared back.”
 “It sounds like you remember a lot of what happened.” Andrew looks at him, his relief, pride, and amazement flit across his features.
 “I do, sometimes I felt lost, but when I came back, I could see mom trying to talk to us and Grant and Jeff trying to keep us inside.” He turns to me. “Did I make it outside once and go after Reginald?”
 “You did make it outside, but you didn’t go after anyone, Grant forced you inside and we boarded up the window. Do you remember why you tried to leave?”
 He sits contemplating. “I remember Kayla trying to get out and then you screamed something and she went flying, but when I looked at the window, I could see a reddish haze coming through, it hit you, knocking you into the wall.” His eyes close in concentration. “I smelled something and everything inside me was telling me that it was dangerous and after what it did to you, I wanted to destroy it.” His hands fly up to his face, he’s shaking and mumbling. “You said Reginald was outside. I was going to hurt Reginald. I wanted to kill him.”
 Andrew’s arms enfold him instantly. “It’s alright. You didn’t do anything to him. He’s fine. You must have realized that the spell he was casting to keep you inside touched mom and you thought there was a danger. You were trying to protect mom and you didn’t hurt anyone.”
 “But dad, I could have. My senses felt overloaded by something. If Grant didn’t stop me I would have gone after Reginald. I could feel myself fighting when I saw who it was, but it was too hard to fight to control myself, I was losing and he could have gotten hurt or killed!”
 Jeff moves closer to him. “Nicholas, you did amazing, especially for your first time. I have never seen someone who went through his first transformation be able to stop himself or fight against their instincts the way you did and I promise you it will get easier with each transformation and with Amanda’s help. I’m sure that you will master control over your transformations and instincts in a very short amount of time. You have amazing control, you should be very proud of yourself.”
 “But what if it was my dad or someone in my family… what if I went after them?” His hysteria and desperation seep through his words as he fights back the tears.
 “You didn’t go after Reginald. You recognized him, fought your wolf instincts and gained control ensuring you didn’t move against him. Your instincts to protect your family will be even stronger.
I interrupt. “Nicholas, Jeff is right. Just think about how you comforted Kayla when I repelled her.”
 Kayla inches over to him. “I’m sorry that I growled at you. I just wish I could remember what happened. I don’t like this.”
 Turning my attention to her to answer, Nicholas responds. “I know you don’t, but we are in this together. I’m sure that next time you will remember. I think you were just so frightened that you couldn’t close yourself off and calm down the way Jacob and Charlie were trying to teach us to do when we get frightened, that fear blocked out everything else. You need to come up with something really cool to build in your mind. I think you just haven’t found it yet, but as soon as you do, you will start remembering too. I promise, when we get home, we can try to concentrate together.” He turns to me. “Can we go home now or do we have to stay here until the passing of the full moon stage?”
 “I think we should go home for now. I’m sure you’re hungry. Uncle Gabriel is probably whipping up some waffles and your sister and brother are anxious to see you.” Andrew rises. 
 Before leaving, Kayla goes over and hugs Grant and Jeff. “Thank you for keeping me in here and from hurting anyone.”
 Jeff gently reassures her. “You are very welcome and your brother is right, you will remember soon and it will get easier once you are not so afraid of it. I see Charlie gave you his good luck piece, why don’t we get you home so you can tell him it worked.”
 We travel quickly home. Entering the recreation room, we are met with the relived faces of our family. Nicole and Jacob practically throw themselves at Nicholas and Kayla hugging them as Jacob whispered another impassioned apology. Charlie waits off to the side and as Kayla is released, she turns and hugs him. “Thank you for this” She moves to remove the charm from her neck, but Charlie’s hands stop her. 
 “Hold on to it until this is over. By then, I will be done crafting you your own good luck charm.”
 The children eat and talk animatedly about last night as Andrew and I speak with the others. Cecil will be arriving in a day or two, but we still have to wait for the passing of this phase of the moon. I can feel the butterflies returning to my stomach as I offer a silent prayer up that everything will go as well as the first.
 After breakfast, I know Nicholas and Kayla need to sleep, but Andrew tells me that Jacob and Nicole were up all night worrying too, so we tuck them all in. Leaving their rooms, I catch Andrew staring with concern as he has all morning. “What’s wrong?”
 “How bad was it really and how sore is your back?”
 “It was very hard seeing them change and I couldn’t really stay connected to them, but I was happier as the night progressed. They could hear me more and at least I could comfort them.” He is now staring at me skeptically. “Andrew my back is fine, lifting the board wasn’t that hard and I had help. It was very clever of you to place boards near every window.”
 “Mia, that’s not what I’m talking about.”
 I’m puzzled. “I don’t understand.”
 Removing the jacket he placed on me when we were walking back to the car, he takes my hand. Leading me into the bedroom and over to our mirror, he turns me part way around. For the first time, I see the back of my shirt is shredded and bloody. I gasp, not because I’m hurt, but because I didn’t realize anything had happened. I turn to Andrew. “I’m fine. I didn’t even know that I had gotten hurt. I remove my tattered shirt and head toward the bathroom to shower and clean up. 
 Andrew grasps my hand. “Mia, how did you not know that happened? Those lashes are pretty deep, you must have felt that and from the looks of your shirt, you lost more blood.”
“I was so focused on the children, honestly, I didn’t know it happened. It must have happened when the children were transforming back. Maybe that’s why Jeff pushed me out of the way and Grant jumped between the children putting space between them.”
 “When you get out of the shower, wrap yourself in a towel, I’ll be back with some supplies.” He kisses my forehead and is gone instantly.
 As the warm water washes over the lashes, they sting and I wonder how I hadn’t felt them before. Returning to the bedroom, Andrew is waiting with a portable EKG and IV. “That really isn’t necessary. I feel fine.”
 “Humor me, I want to bandage your back and then see if the loss of blood has put a further strain on your heart.”
 Before lying down, I wrap my hands around his waist and stretch to kiss him. “If you really want to get my heart started, I know of a way.”
 Although he kisses me back, I feel his distraction. He is focused more on me medically. Gazing up, his eyes are filled with concern so I lay down. After beginning the healing process on my back, he stretches out beside me stroking my arm as the IV is running and we talk about the night’s events. 
 After removing the IV and packing up the supplies, he finally allows me to sit up. “Mia, I think that you should consider allowing Grant and Jeff to take them up alone tonight. I’m not sure how much good the solution is doing in bringing up your counts. You said you couldn’t really connect to them until it was almost daylight and you need to consider the effects if they swipe at you again or worse. I know that Nicholas did well last night, but even he is going to be weaker tonight. A little rest is not going to be able to compensate for how fatigued he is. Tonight may be worse. Reginald said he would stay outside again this evening to try to keep them contained in the cabin.”
 Grabbing his chin and forcing his face to meet my own, I clear my throat to ensure my tone reflects my resolve. “You know I can’t let them go through this alone. Andrew, Nicholas struggled so much last night and I could feel his unbridled fear that something was going to go wrong and you know how frightened Kayla is. I have to be there, even though my connecting with them does not always hold, I was some help last night. They need me there, the way Nicole and Jacob need you here. I will be fine. I promise. I feel fine now and it won’t be much longer.”
 Rising, we check on the children who are still fast asleep. “Why don’t you let me get you some juice and something to eat, you didn’t eat at breakfast.” Andrew heads toward the kitchen. Wanting to remove the worry reflected in his eyes and tone, I grab his hand. “I’m really not hungry just yet, but I know of a way to work up an appetite.” Moving my free hand to his top button, I brush my fingertips along the v in his shirt and begin unfastening his buttons.”
 Stopping my deft fingers, his tone turns serious. “Mia, I know you are trying to distract me and as much as I love you, I don’t want to make you more tired.”
 “You won’t be, I promise.” Moving my hand out from under his, I quickly unfasten the last button and glide my fingertips gingerly over his torso. Shuddering, he sweeps me into his arms and places me on the bed. His kisses go from tender to all consuming and I am lost in his embrace. As I lay with my head on his torso hearing his breathing slow as I struggle to slow my own, I hope this feeling of contentment stays with me tonight when we will once again be separated and facing the unknown.



Chapter Ten - A Deadly Night

 Trudging to the cabin for the last night of the full moon, I see how tired not only Nicholas and Kayla are but also Jeff and Grant. If I am being honest with myself, I’m not feeling in the best form either. We finally arrive at the cabin as twilight sets in, graying the mountain range and forest. 
By tomorrow, Cecil will have arrived with Amanda who agreed to help us. Despite, Kayla’s fear, Charlie and Nicholas manage to get her to face tonight somewhat calmer and more relaxed. 
The moon rises, the children’s bodies contract and contort, but at least tonight their conversion to wolf is faster. Although Nicholas claims that there isn’t any pain while their bodies change, I’m wondering if he actually pushes it out of his mind considering how their bodies jerk about and their bones sound as if they are breaking. As the children transform, Grant and Jeff phased. 
 Tonight, I connect with them during the transformation and by some luck, Nicholas does not kick me out and Kayla seems more responsive. Despite the growls and occasional lunges at each other, it seems easier with Nicholas and Kayla, more containable. 
Four-thirty a.m. rolls around leaving only an hour of so more to go, Nicholas and Kayla seem to be drifting, at least they are lying down. Suddenly, Jeff bolts toward the door. Before he reaches it, Nicholas and Kayla spring up, pacing and growling wildly, they are almost a blur. Kayla lunges toward the door, crashing over Jeff who is thrust to the floor and breaks the door. 
She’s off before the scream is out of my mouth, Nicholas quickly follows with Grant and a rising Jeff behind neither is quick enough to catch them. Reaching the door, they are moving faster than lightning. Despite Reginald throwing spells at them, it does not slow them down enough for Grant or Jeff to contain them. Running out into the night, I am nowhere near fast enough. Vicious growls echo off the trees. 
Pulling out my phone, I alert Andrew and the others that the children are out of the cabin. Despite our being hours away on foot and by car, I know from their speed that if they are heading toward Sanctuary, it will not take them anywhere near what it did for us to travel back usually. 
 Running, I call their names, trying to communicate with them on some level, knowing that if Reginald’s spells could not impair them, the protective barriers won’t even slow them down. Despite Andrew and the others locking down Sanctuary and warning the others, a crippling fear for all my children and my family grips my heart. 
 Traveling deeper and deeper into the woods, the vicious growls are interrupted only by the sounds of spells being cast everywhere. My blood runs cold as I realize, not only are our witch friends out in the woods, but I hear the voices of the St. Cloud’s calling out to the children as well. Andrew comes from the trees, lifting me up and traveling quickly. I can barely hear him through the whistling wind. “Nicole and Jacob are with Eva and Catherine, they will be fine. Do you have any indication which direction Nicholas and Kayla are heading in or why they bolted from the cabin?”
 “No, right before it happened, Jeff ran to the door as if he sensed something, but Kayla bolted, knocking him down, breaking the door and then was out in a flash, everything happened so fast.” Andrew stops running, closes his eyes in concentration and then we are off, bolting through the forest. We catch sight of two wolves, but it is Jeff and Grant, they appear to be tracking the children.
 Moving again, a breaking dawn begins to color the sky offering us hope that the children are slowing down in preparation for their conversion back. 
“It sounds like they stopped.” Andrew whispers to me as I see Grant and Jeff slow down, slipping into a low crouch and slinking through the trees, probably to sneak up on the children. As we draw nearer, the sight before us freezes us in our tracks. The children are contracting on the ground, but the horror comes from what lies beside them. Lucas is on the ground writhing in pain, I see the tear at his neck.
 Jeff and Grant immediately phase into their human form. From the look passing between them, I know Lucas is going to die. Rushing to Kayla and Nicholas, I fight against the tears. How could I have been so careless? I should have gotten them farther away. My mind is freefalling. If I had gotten them away, Lucas would not be dying.
 Nicholas converts first. Grabbing at my arms, he screams. “Mom, it wasn’t us. I swear. We came across him like that.” Bolting out of my arms, he rushes towards Andrew who has his hands on Lucas’ wound. “Dad, please you have to save him!” He is crying uncontrollably as Kayla converts and becomes alert to her surroundings.
 “What happened? Where are we?” Her eyes turn from mine and she looks to Nicholas and Andrew who are hovering over Lucas and I know she cannot see the wound. As her eyes scan our faces, she panics. “What’s going on? What happened?” 
 Before I can respond, Gabriel, Damian are there grabbing Lucas and Reginald joins us. “Andrew you have to go, we’ll make sure that they get back.” Andrew is off like a flash. 
 “Nicholas, what happened? Why is everyone so upset? Why are they carrying uncle Lucas?”
 Nicholas’ jagged response rings dead through his tears. “Uncle Lucas was attacked and they think we did it.”
 I force down my own anxiety in hopes of reassuring them so that we can travel back quickly. “No one is thinking anything. It will be alright.” 
Nicholas’ words register with Kayla and she grips me tightly, she’s inconsolable, muttering to herself. “I knew I was going to hurt someone. What have I done?” She keeps repeating this, her voice getting lower and lower. I try to move quicker, fearing that she is slipping into shock. 
 Nicholas yells out, grabbing her hands as we travel. “You didn’t hurt anyone. Kayla, I remember everything.” His eyes widen and I know he sees his sister slipping away. His voice turns forceful, but he releases her hands so that we can continue on unhampered. “I remember running through the woods and by the time we got here, he was already on the ground. We didn’t do that and you have to believe that!”
 Her eyes focus momentarily. Thank God. She shouts back. “You don’t remember everything, sometimes you said you get lost and maybe it wasn’t you, maybe I was the only one who did this. Maybe you found me after I killed him.”
 “No one is dead.” I interrupt holding her tighter to me. I need to keep her talking.
 “He will be and it is because of me.” 
 Despite my trying to keep her talking, with every step forward, she is slipping away, even Nicholas, seeing his sister’s pain and retreat can no longer fight the abyss which is this situation is hoisting them down. By the time we reach Sanctuary, the children are shut down. Their robotic auto-pilot movements have us traveling at a crawl. Reginald picks up Kayla and Jeff lifts Nicholas. 
Rushing them into the terminal building, I begin checking them out. Despite their normal vital signs, each is engulfed in a comatose state, not seeing or hearing anything. Speaking to them, I try assuring them that we know that they did not do it, but other than the occasional flicker in Nicholas’ eyes, I am not getting through and Kayla’s eyes remain unfocused and her mind unreachable. 
I want to check and see how Andrew is making out with Lucas, hoping that I could give the children some hope, but looking how Kayla just stares blankly and Nicholas’ eyes have closed slightly, forming unfocused slits, I’m afraid to leave them. 
 After what feels like an eternity, Damian enters. “Any news?”
 Pulling me toward the corner of the room, his tone is almost inaudible. “It doesn’t look good. Andrew is trying, but he may have been too late. Nicole and Jacob are outside. Maybe they can help you in here.”
 Turning to Nicholas and Kayla, tears are escaping the sides of their eyes and I know they heard Damian’s whisper. “Let them come in.”
 As Nicole approaches Kayla, she hugs her and whispers. “I know you didn’t do it. You would never hurt anyone, especially uncle Lucas, please come back to us so that we can figure out who did attack him.”
 Jacob is whispering something similar to Nicholas. They keep repeating these words, refusing to let go of their siblings. After a while, I see light returning to Kayla and Nicholas’ eyes. Although they still do not speak, I know they are listening. I whisper softly in each of their ears. “They are right. This is not your fault.” Despite my fear that one of them bit Lucas, I need to make them understand that this is not their fault. I should have gotten them further away and been better able to contain them. “We need you to come back to us and help to figure out what happened.” 
 Kayla remains comatose, but Nicholas stirs. After a moment, he opens his mouth and his voice cracks. “Mom, is uncle Lucas really going to die?”
 “Your dad is doing all he can.” I wish I could reassure him, but know that lying to him will only make things worse. “We have to just wait and hope.” I gently stroke his cheek. “I need you to tell me everything you remember from last night.”
 He closes his eyes, but I know it’s in concentration. “I remember you were with us when we were changing this time. I felt very tired, but it wasn’t as hard as the other night. I could feel you and even Kayla. I was able to talk to her and she was talking back to me. I could understand her. I was really afraid that being tired wouldn’t allow me to fight my desire to run, but it seemed to be going alright. Even Grant and Jeff didn’t seem as anxious, but then, I remember the hairs on the back of my neck raising and I could sense something was coming.” His features turn frustrated. “No, wait, it wasn’t that I sensed something coming, I sensed danger and I think Jeff did too because he got up and moved away from us. It was coming closer and then Kayla bolted. I knew I had to follow her. I could sense Reginald in the woods and knew he was trying to stop us, but it wasn’t like the last time, I knew he wasn’t the threat so I pushed passed him. Whatever he was trying to do felt uncomfortable but not crippling and I knew it wouldn’t stop me so I thrust myself forward. Everything in me could feel danger, but I tried to focus on Kayla. I didn’t want her out there alone. I knew she must have sensed it too but ...ugh!...why can’t I say it.”
 Putting my hands on his shoulder in hopes of calming him, I keep my tone soft. “Nicholas, take it easy. The words will come. You are doing wonderfully. Relax and concentrate.” 
 His eyes shift to the back wall and narrow slightly as if he is trying to picture it all in his mind. “It was really strange. I didn’t just sense it. I smelled it, but then rustling seemed like it was coming from all sides and in my confusion to try and listen and hear which direction it originated from or was heading toward, my mind was getting lost and I had to keep fighting just to stay focused on Kayla. I lost her once, but then something strange happened and I envisioned where she was in my head and my body began moving toward her almost as if it were on automatic pilot leading me right to her. It couldn’t have been more than a few minutes.”
 I had to interrupt him. “When you lost her, was it near where we found you?”
 “No.” He said confidently. “I lost her earlier when we were just outside of the cabin. Afraid that I might lose her again if I concentrated on what was around me, I decided to just keep my focus on her. Mom, I know what you’re thinking, but I’m telling you, she didn’t do this and neither did I. My mind didn’t get lost anymore once all I did was concentrate on her. I swear to you and I was near her when we came across uncle Lucas, he had already been attacked.”
 His tears slip quickly down his cheeks and I hug him fiercely. “It will be alright.” I hear the door open and it’s Andrew. From the look on his wearied face, I know it isn’t good news. “How is uncle Lucas?” Nicholas inquires before I can.
 “We have to wait and see. We are doing all we can.” He hugs Nicholas, but I know from the way he glances at me that he was too late to help him. After Nicholas releases him, he goes over to Kayla and places his hands at her temple. Two minutes later a tear rolls down her cheek as she finally shuts her eyes. Jacob and Nicole are talking with Nicholas and Andrew gestures for me to follow him outside.
 Moving down the hallway, he turns toward me. “It doesn’t look good, he probably won’t last through the night and Amelia is missing. No one has seen her since this happened. Grant and the others are searching for her now. Did Nicholas say any more about what he remembered?”
 I reiterate everything Nicholas told me. “Mia, I’m sorry to leave you alone with the children, but I want to give Lucas and Catherine whatever time I can to say good-bye.” 
 “I understand.”
 “Kayla should sleep for a while, but as soon as she wakes, see if you can get any information from her at all.” He kisses me and retreats to Lucas’ room.
 When I return, Nicole and Jacob are gone and Kayla is still asleep. Sitting by Nicholas, “How are you feeling?”
 “I’m worried. Mom, what if uncle Lucas dies? Aunt Catherine is going to think that we killed him and everyone is going to hate us, but mom I swear we didn’t attack him.” His tone is reaching a crescendo and his body stiffens. Knowing that Lucas is probably going to die, I don’t the children around when he does, we need to tell them somewhere they feel safe and loved, not a hospital room. “Did Jacob and Nicole go back to the suite?”
 “Yes they went to get Kayla’s favorite music box.” 
 “Let’s call them and tell them to wait there for us. I’ll carry Kayla. I’m sure she’ll feel better in her own bed and you look like you could use some rest.” 
Tucking Kayla in, Jacob opens her music box and Nicole crawls onto the bed, hugging her. Following Jacob into the boys’ room, I get Nicholas’ favorite story to read to him. Even though I catch him rolling his eyes because he thinks he’s too old for me to do things like this, I see a smile play on his lips and know he is grateful for the distraction. After an hour, he and Jacob fall asleep.
 Calling over to check on Lucas, Jackson answers and lets me know there is no change and that Grant and Jeff are still looking for Amelia, so I’m surprised when I hear a knock and its Jeff.
 “Francis told me that you came back here and I promised Charlie that I would check in with you before going back out to look for Amelia. How are they doing?”
 “Come in.” I back away from the door. “Can I get you anything?”
 “No, I promised Grant I would come right back after seeing Charlie.”
 “Kayla hasn’t really responded and Nicholas just fell asleep. Jeff is it possible that he is right and they didn’t attack Lucas?”
 His eyes shift to the floor revealing his answer. “If they didn’t attack him, who did? I know Nicholas says they found him like that, but it is probably because they don’t remember. It was animal instinct, something they couldn’t control. When you first turn, instincts are very hard to control and it is only natural that they would consider a vampire a threat. I just don’t understand why he was out by the cabin and why your friend didn’t stop him.”
 Thinking about what he is saying, something doesn’t make sense. “Lucas wouldn’t have been out at the cabin, he knew that it was off limits.” 
 “Mia, there was definitely a vampire out by the cabin and it was not Reginald. His scent became very familiar over the last few evenings, even to the children in their wolf form. I detected the scent before your children and I sensed danger, probably because we have been raised to fear and distrust vampires. He had to have been out there and that had to be the scent that Kayla was following when she burst through the door. She was definitely following someone and when we do that, especially sensing danger, we don’t give up the hunt, we follow the trail.”
 “She loves Lucas, she wouldn’t go after him. She wouldn’t see him as a threat.”
 “Maybe not when she is human, but this conversion is new to them, maybe it is inbred in all werewolves that vampires are a threat. I’ve heard rumors that they sometimes work together and I have to say the friends you have working together and the ones I hear about do tend to cross the lines of understanding, but you have to consider that in her werewolf form, her instincts would be like the majority of us and we do go after and kill vampires.” He sighs and I can see concern in his features. “I’m sorry, I have to go. Charlie is very anxious for Kayla and Nicholas and I want to let him know that physically, at least, they will be alright. I just hope that you can make them understand that it was not their human fault. It wasn’t even their animal fault. They instinctively felt a threat approaching and they did what we do. You need to make them understand that. In fact, if Kayla hadn’t knocked me down, I’m telling you that with the sense I got, I could have very well bitten him before my ability to recognize him. I’ll check with you later.”
 “Let me know when you find Amelia. I know that after her incident in England, Andrew was concerned about her well being. I just hope she didn’t wander off and get sick.”
 “That’s what Grant is afraid of too. She has been keeping to herself too much since we got here. He’s afraid that her refusal to let them continue to treat her may have made her really sick and she wanted to get away from here, maybe even go home. Paul is trying to see if she boarded a plane.”
 “Call me as soon as you know anything, will you?”
 “No problem. If Kayla is feeling up to it, I know Charlie would love to come and see for himself that she is at least responsive and maybe he could even help her.”
 “I’ll let you know when she’s awake. Jeff, is there anything that can be done for Lucas? Did you ever come across anything, even a rumor that might help him?”
 “Mia, I’m very sorry, but I know that all of our stories were that if a vampire bit a werewolf it was fatal and if a werewolf bit a vampire, the same was true.” He turns to leave and then whips around. “I don’t know if this will help you at all, but it was rumored that David was bit ions ago before my pack settled on the surrounding land and survived, but no one could ever say that for sure and considering that he is dead now, he can’t confirm it either. I will talk to you soon.”
 As I shut the door, my mind is reeling with all that occurred in such a short amount a time. So much of this does not make any sense. Why would Lucas be anywhere near the cabin? Everyone in the family knew how dangerous it would be to not only them, but to the children. Knowing that even Andrew was forbidden, Lucas would have never risked coming near there. It just doesn’t add up. 
 My nerves are getting the better of me. There is something that is nagging at me. I begin pacing trying to decipher the information that is churning in my mind and becoming too jumbled. Taking in a deep breath, I try to concentrate when two things hit me. Jeff confirmed that they recognized Reginald as being out there if he saw Lucas he would have made him leave and if he is right that David was bit and survived, maybe there was something in his blood that could give us the answer to this problem. I have to confirm that David was bitten. The only one who may be able to answer this for me is the one person I have been avoiding since returning to Sanctuary. 
 Calling Martina to sit with the children, Gabriel comes in with her. His response takes me aback and I realize my thoughts must have registered with him. “He wouldn’t have gone into the woods, Mia, he was feeling guilty enough; he would have never risked them like that. Have you asked Reginald if he saw him?”
 “I’ll catch up with him after I see Marlena.”
 “Come on, we’ll go together I don’t want you seeing her alone. Did Jeff give you any indication as to whether they believed David got bit?”
 “He said they hadn’t confirmed anything, but I’m hoping he did.”
 “She refuses to speak to any of us. The only way we have gotten any information from her at all is my eavesdropping into her mind.”
 “Well then you will just have to eavesdrop again. Although she can refuse to answer me, once I ask the question, she probably can’t force her mind not to think of the answer. Does she even know what you can do?”
 “No, I don’t believe so. We have been very careful around her, none of us even speak within earshot.”
 “Good, then she won’t even have a reason to block her thoughts.”
 As we race toward the restricted building, Gabriel calls Reginald to have him meet us. 
 Before we even stop walking, Gabriel asks Reginald the question. “Did you see Lucas in the area before Kayla came bolting out?”
 “No, I didn’t see anyone in the area, at least not in the front of the cabin where I was. I thought I heard some rustling in the woods behind, but I was concentrating so much on keeping the spells focused around the cabin and trying to hear what was going on inside, that I wasn’t really focusing on the outside. Despite that I would have smelled if Lucas or any of us were in the area, I have become very attune to everyone here, I could probably pick up your scents anywhere.”
 Then he turns to me. “There must be something much more important than your asking me if Lucas was in the woods to get you away from the children considering what they are going through now, why are we outside of this building?”
 “I need to see if Marlena can confirm whether or not David was ever bitten by a werewolf and survived. If he was then I’m hoping that maybe there is something in his blood that can save Lucas.” Without another word, he opens the door and we go up to her room. 
 Forgetting that Marlena still looks like me, I gasp as I meet her eyes. A shrewd grin crosses her lips. Taking a moment to regain my composure, I don’t want to give her a chance to think or throw me off so I throw the question out right away. “Marlena I need to know if David was ever bitten by a werewolf.”
 Her face registers her shock at my question before her expression turns impassive. Staring at her, I only hope her mind is recalling the incident. 
 Gabriel touches my back gently and we leave. He can’t contain his smile any longer. “You were absolutely correct. Despite her stoic appearance, her mind raced to a time when she was pleading with the others to help David. He was bitten.”
 Excited I turn to Reginald. “When you tested his blood, you said there were abnormalities, could they be the key to helping Lucas?” 
 Before he can answer, Gabriel’s hand is on my arm. “Mia, Marlena was bit as well.”
 “She survived too! We have to find out what they did so we can help Lucas.”
 “Mia, they didn’t do anything. Her mind was still racing, that’s why I didn’t have you leave right away. She was remembering how surprised she was when they were still alive a few days after the bite had healed because normally vampires are dead within a day or two.”
 “If they didn’t do anything, how did they survive?”
 “It had to be something in their chemical makeup when they transformed. Hopefully, whatever it is remains in their blood.”
As he says this, an awful thought strikes me and I sink to the floor. “Mia what’s wrong?”
 “There chemical makeup has changed. I tainted their blood and killed David. My blood could have destroyed whatever allowed them to survive.”
 Lifting me off the floor, he tries to sound reassuring. “That may not be true. We have found things in their blood that we cannot explain; things that are beyond what happens after a vampire conversion.” 
 “Has their blood revealed anything?”
 “Not yet, but as Marlena was thinking about the incident, I had an idea. I need to get some of the blood that we have stored from David and get it into Lucas. You should go back to the residency in case the children wake up.”
 Reginald interrupts. “You should also take some of Marlena’s blood, it may be stronger since she survived and where she did not drink as much of Mia’s.”
 “That’s a good idea but I don’t have time to fight with her, can you get hers so I can start Lucas on this treatment quickly? He was not doing so well when I left.” Reginald nods and Gabriel is off.
 Entering the suite, Jacob is awake. “Were you visiting uncle Lucas, how is he?”
 “No I didn’t see Lucas. I went to see someone else to see if they could help.”
 “Did they?”
 “We don’t if it will work yet. Uncle Gabriel and dad are with him. I’m sure they will call us as soon as they know anything.”
 “Mom, can I tell you something?”
 “You can tell me anything.”
 “I know you don’t believe Nicholas that they found uncle Lucas like that, but I do. When I was an animal, trying to track Nicholas and Kayla, I knew what was going on, I could tell their scents and feel the threat from the others. I would never have confused Nicholas and Kayla as a threat and I know that they would have never attacked uncle Lucas or mistaken him as a threat either. They would have known it was him.” He hesitates, debating whether to say something, and his voice drops. “I know that you got hurt when you were with them, but that was when they were converting back and you were in the way. Nicholas remembers his paw swiping near you, but he didn’t realize that you were hurt until dad tried to hide the lash.”
 “Jake, I’m not disagreeing with you. Things aren’t adding up. I’m hoping that Lucas will get better and be able to give us the answers. Your dad may have even asked him about it and may have some answers when he gets back, it’s just right now, they are focused on helping him in any way they can.”
 “I understand but how do we help Kayla and Nicholas to see that everyone knows they didn’t do it. I know how worried Kayla was about hurting someone. How upset even the thought made her. Even though she changed into an animal she would have held on to that fear and her aversion to hurting anyone, especially her family. That wouldn’t have disappeared. Mom, I don’t care what she turned into, who she is and what she believes is right and wrong would not change. She was so lifeless when I saw her, I know it’s because she fears that everyone believes she did it. We need to help her.”
 “She will be alright. We just need to give her some time.” Hugging, him I wonder if he is correct. Can animal instincts overtake their personality and overshadow the love that is ingrained in them for the people here? I need to talk to Jeff or Grant. I need to know whether when they turned, they kept any part of themselves or if that only came later. 
 “Mom did you hear me?”
 “Honey, I’m sorry, what did you say?”
 “I asked you if the wolf versions of Kayla or Nicholas are big or small.”
 “Why would you ask me that?”
 “It’s just that Uncle Lucas is so tall and strong, if Nicholas and Kayla are small wolves, wouldn’t he be able to stop them?”
 “Jake, if they both jumped on him or if he realized it was them, he may have been too stunned to do anything or may have been afraid that he would hurt them.”
 “We didn’t jump him. We didn’t even see him until we stumbled over him.” Nicholas says coming out of the bedroom.
 “Nicholas, when you changed form, do you remember thinking like yourself?”
 Sitting next to Jacob, I can tell from his expression he is contemplating my question. “I remember being afraid and trying to concentrate on you and Grant telling me that it was alright and you were with me. I focused on fighting the fear and tried to gain more control over myself, but I was thinking like me. It feels like the way I’m thinking now. Mom, I knew exactly who you were, even when I was feeling lost and I knew who Grant and Jeff were.”
 “How did you know what Grant was saying? All I heard was grunts and growls.”
 “I heard him talking not grunting.”
 “What about Kayla, did you hear anything from her?
 “For a long time, all she kept saying is ‘I won’t hurt anyone.’ She kept repeating that until you made her wobble. After that, she kept saying to herself ‘Don’t move’ instead. I know that when she changed back to herself she says she doesn’t remember, but I’m telling you that when she was in that state, even when she was being a little more lively than me, she was always concerned about doing the right thing and not hurting anyone. Even if I hadn’t been with her to see that she didn’t do it, I would know that she couldn’t because she never stopped worrying about it and she never stopped telling herself stuff so as not to hurt anyone.”
 Something occurs to me. “Nicholas, I need you to close your eyes and concentrate on only what you saw around, nothing else.”
 Sitting silently for a long time, I can see from the way his eyelids move that he is envisioning the images, scanning them carefully. “I see Grant and Jeff. They are standing before Kayla and me. Kayla is lying beside me and you are sitting between us.” His head begins moving as if panning the room. “I can see the walls to the cabin and the board where the window broke. Jeff is moving toward the door. He’s pacing and his nose is toward the floor.”
 I remember this. “That’s very good. What do you see next? Remember concentrate only on what you see, nothing else.”
 His head whips sideways. “Kayla has gotten up, her head is moving around, she is staring at the back window and then her head whips around to the door. She bolts, knocking Jeff over and is outside.” 
He instinctively stands up but does not open his eyes. Gently, I guide him back down. “It’s alright. What else do you see?”
 “I push past Reginald. Kayla is out in front of me. She’s moving quickly through the trees and underbrush. I can see the forest. It doesn’t appear as dark as it usually does to me.” He’s up again, his eyes flying open. “I saw something ahead of Kayla, but it was only a shadow. She was chasing someone.” He says breathlessly.
 “Can you see who she’s chasing?”
 His tone reflects his frustration. “No, they are too far ahead. They’re only a shadow.”
 “It’s alright. You are doing very well. Please, I need you to relax and sit back down.” 
Jacob grabs his hand and he sits back down. “Think about what you see as a picture, the way Rachel told us to freeze things when we are afraid so we don’t react and we can think about what is around us. Remember, you remove yourself from it, it is only a picture in front of you and think about the shadow only.”
 Nicholas squeezes his eyes tightly shut. “The shadow is running and is far out in front of us.” He jumps up again. “It’s carrying something and traveling extremely fast through the woods, it crouches lower. I can’t see it.” He gasps. “Kayla tripped over uncle Lucas. He’s on the ground and he’s hurt. He was definitely on the ground. Kayla didn’t even see him because she tripped over him. Her head hit a rock.”
 “That’s very good. Which side of the head did she hit?”
 “The right”
 “I’ll be right back.” Gently moving Kayla’s head so as not to disturb her, I examine her head but there is no mark on either side.
 Returning, they are both staring at me expectantly. “Did you see the bump?”
 “No, there was nothing on her head.”
 “But I saw her hit the rock. There has to be a mark, she hit it hard.”
 “She may have, but no mark remains.” Remembering how Andrew told me that vampires heal quickly and how when Nicholas got staked by Jonathan his hole healed almost immediately, I wonder if the same holds for wolves. “Nicholas, don’t worry, it could be that it healed.”
 “Bumps don’t heal that quickly, even I know that.” He shakes his head and looks dejected.
 “You’re right when you’re in human form, but you know how dad heals if he gets hurt, maybe you heal the same way when you are a wolf. We have to ask, but Grant and Jeff are looking for Amelia right now.”
 “Can we call Charlie and ask him or maybe Paul?” Jacob inquires.
 As soon as Charlie hears Nicholas is alert, he asks about Kayla and then is at the door almost instantly, accompanied by Paul and Julianne.
 “Charlie told us what you asked. You wouldn’t see any type of cut or bump on Kayla now, it’s been hours, she would have healed. We don’t heal as fast as vampires, but we do heal quicker than humans.” Paul says as he walks in. “How’s Lucas?”
 “We are waiting to hear. They are trying everything they can. In the meantime, Nicholas is trying to remember exactly what he could see and smell. Paul, can you tell me when you changed, were you still thinking and feeling like yourself or are you ruled more by your instincts?”
 “You pretty much think like yourself, but your senses are heightened and you know that you are stronger and quicker than you could ever be otherwise. You react quicker to things.”
“Do you still recognize the people who are familiar to you?”
 “I did, but at first it was more their smell. I had to get away from my mother when I first changed. Although she smelled familiar and I knew who she was, she was so nervous, it drove my instincts wild. It was very annoying and I was afraid that I would really growl at her and get in trouble when I changed back, so I ran from her.” An extremely sad look crosses his face and he becomes very quiet.
 Jacob jumps off the couch, hugging him. “Paul it’s alright, she is still with you, watching over you.”
 “Thanks Jake.”
Charlie moves over to Nicholas. “How’s Kayla doing?”
 “She is still asleep. I think she’s afraid to wake up because everyone believes we hurt Lucas.”
 “I believe you. I know you wouldn’t hurt your uncle. You would know it is him. They don’t remember because there transformation was a long time ago, but I remember even when I was an infant. I changed immediately. I could feel my fur. My dad doesn’t believe me, but I remember my mom stroking my fur. That’s why I know that you remember. You have to, you’re older.”
 “Thanks Charlie. It’s good to know someone believes me.”
Sitting next to Nicholas, my tone turns contrite. “Honey, I’m sorry that I sounded like I don’t believe you. I guess I let my fears overtake my common sense. If you say Kayla tripped over Lucas, I do believe you. I think that we need to concentrate on the shadow you saw.”
 “What shadow?” Julianne asks.
 “I saw a shadow. Kayla was chasing something and I think that your uncle also smelled it.”
 “Did you smell it too?”
 “I’m not sure. I was so surprised when Kayla jumped up that I was focused on her.”
 “Nicholas, let’s try our exercise again but this time with you concentrating on what you smell only. In the meantime, Charlie would you mind going with Jacob into Kayla’s room and telling her that we do believe her. I know your charm made her feel better, maybe hearing your voice will too.” Nicholas closes his eyes.
 “Think about right before you saw Jeff get up and concentrate only on what you smell or sense.”
 His body turns still as stone for several moments then he speaks very deliberate. “I could smell the wood on the floor, it is cedar.” He seems surprised at this. “I can smell our fur. They all smell different, but I can’t really describe it. I have smelled similar scents from the animals around here, but they are not quite the same and they are all mixing, it’s confusing.”
 “It’s alright Nicholas. Take your time and you know that it is your fur and the fur of those around you, that’s really good. If it’s confusing to separate them, that’s o.k. Tell me what else you smell.”
 “It’s not so much what I can smell, it’s what I feel. I can feel Kayla’s fear and my own, but it isn’t as bad as the night before. Even you seem calmer mom. Jeff is getting anxious. He’s up and moving.”
 “Nicholas, wait. Don’t think about what he’s doing. Think about the smells or the feelings.”
 “I don’t smell anything, but I sense Jeff getting nervous and so is Kayla. She’s becoming really afraid.”
 I hear a sharp intake of air and his breathing is becoming more rapid. “Someone is coming” His head whips around. 
 “From what direction?” I inquire before he can even think about it.
 “It’s coming from behind us.” So why did Jeff and Kayla run to the door?
 They smelled it and were trying to get out the quickest way. “Nicholas, there are no windows in the corner where we had you. Do you recognize the smell?”
 “No.”
 “Do you smell or feel anything else?”
 “We’re outside now. I can smell the crispness of the air and the pine needles. No, not just that” His back arches and his eyes fly open. 
 “What is it?”
 “I smell a vampire. Mom, I smell Reginald, I didn’t realize it was him for a second but before I can even become afraid, his scent registers, I know I’m not in danger from him and I start chasing Kayla.”
 “What else did you smell? Did you smell what Kayla was chasing?”
 Paul places his hand on Nicholas’ shoulder. “Relax, it comes easier if you stay calm.”
 “I can smell the dirt and moss that we are running across. Kayla’s fur is much more distinguishable and so is mine. I can sense danger, I can smell something, it’s not human, but I don’t know what it is. Ugh.” His frustration is palpable. “Why is everything getting so mixed up? I can’t do this, I’m mixing up our scent with Reginald’s and I can’t ...”
 Kayla surprises us all coming out of the room, sitting next to Nicholas and grabbing his hand. “I’m sorry I left you for so long on your own to face this.”
 “You didn’t leave me and mom really does believe us. I’m just mad because everything is getting mixed up in my mind.”
 “No it’s not. I heard you, you are upset because you think the smells are getting mixed up, but they were mixed up.”
 “I don’t understand.”
 “The smells were mixed that night.”
 “I thought that you said you didn’t remember what was going on.”
 “I didn’t, but after dad touched me and my mind began relaxing, things started coming back. I thought I was dreaming, but I was remembering. I could see us running, but more importantly, I remember that smell. It was overwhelming. It smelled like a mix of us and our family, but with it I was afraid. Whatever it was wanted to hurt us! I could feel it, but I can’t explain it.”
 “What do you mean that it was a mix of us and our family? 
“It wasn’t human. I know that for certain. It was a mix of vampire and wolf. Everything around me wreaked of that smell.” Her hands fly up, covering her face. “It wanted to hurt us. Why would I chase something that wanted to hurt us?” Her voice is absolutely panicked.
 “It’s alright, it didn’t hurt us.”
 “No, it hurt uncle Lucas.”
 “Kayla, do you know who it was? Who were you chasing?”
 Her head turns in my direction, tears spill over her rims. “I couldn’t see them, they were too far away. It was only the back of them. The one who hurt uncle Lucas and wants to hurt us is still out there. Mom it wasn’t us, there was someone else.”
 Paul rises and begins pacing and mumbling. “Maybe there is still some trace of them. Mrs. St. Cloud, could you show us where they found Lucas?”
 “It’s Mia, please and I can, but if someone is out there I don’t think that it would be a good idea for you to be out there. I’ll go with some of our family and see if they can detect anything. Paul, call your father and warn him that there may be someone else out there.” Knowing Andrew and Gabriel are helping Lucas, I call Jackson and Damian. Turning to tell the children, I’ll be right back, I see Paul whispering to Julianne, his expression grave. “Is everything alright?”
 “No, they found Amelia.” His eyes shift to the children. 
 “Paul, Julianne, why don’t you come with me. We’ll be back shortly.”
 “Mom, we can help.” Nicholas says as we head out the door.
 “Not this time. If someone is out in the woods, I want all of you to stay here. Don’t leave the building. I mean it.”
 Paul’s tone is dead. “Charlie, Jeff wants you to go home as well, now.”
 “But I can wait here.”
 “No, you can’t, he wants you home right now.” He turns to Julianne. “Take him and I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
 “But...”
 He cuts her off immediately. “Please don’t argue. Just do it! We’re losing time.”
 Julianne and Charlie leave with Paul and me. Jackson and Damian are waiting at the bottom of the stairs. “What happened?”
 “They found Amelia’s body, her throat was ripped out.”
 I gasp. “Where, when.”
 “About five minutes ago. She was about fifteen miles from where you found Lucas. Dad’s distraught, Jeff is trying to get him back, but he ran off. Jeff said he is blaming himself for losing Nicholas and Kayla.”
 “They wouldn’t have killed her Paul, they didn’t harm anyone. I believe Nicholas and Kayla did see someone else out there.”
 “What’s going on?” Jackson interrupts.
 “Nicholas and Kayla both remember chasing someone who they felt was a threat when they stumbled over Lucas. Someone is out there and I believe that someone is the one who hurt Lucas and maybe killed Amelia.”
 “Mia, Lucas said it was a wolf that got him.”
 “I don’t care. The wolf wasn’t Nicholas or Kayla.”
 “Maybe they don’t remember it. We know that they couldn’t control themselves.” Jackson’s voice is full of understanding.
 “No, I thought that too, but they did remember and they were thinking like themselves. They wouldn’t have gone after Lucas; Nicholas even recognized Reginald’s scent after a moment.”
 “I don’t mean to interrupt, but with every passing moment we could be losing the scent and if dad is running anywhere near there and someone is out there, he could be in some serious trouble. We have to find him.” 
 “We’ll go. We’ll get out to the site and then find your father. Where is Jeff?”
 “He’s taking Amelia’s body back here. Mia, he is afraid, he probably believes Nicholas and Kayla killed her, that’s why he wanted Charlie away from them. I know my brother is a fighter. You may want to get someone here to watch them. I know that he has been going after the clan here that David created and I’m not sure how that affected him or what his reaction to Amelia’s death will be. I know he became pretty violent when his mother died.”
 Jackson pulls out his phone. He is talking too quickly for me to hear. Hanging up, he turns to me. “Go back upstairs with the children, we can move faster on our own. Eva and Catherine will be here in a few minutes and I have alerted Ryan at the school. When Jeff comes back here, see what you can find out about Amelia’s wounds. You may be the only person he lets near the body and see if you can determine if he is going to be a problem. We are going to meet Francis and Reginald in the woods.”
 Paul interrupts. “I need to go with you. If Grant is as bad as I fear, he is going to need my help and you won’t be able to approach him. Not to mention, if there is any chance of a scent out there, I can probably help and truthfully you will need me to help convince them that it wasn’t your children who did it. Even you have lingering doubt. I can sense it.”
 I hate to admit it even to myself, but despite how good they are, I wonder if they really couldn’t control themselves, and maybe Nicholas doesn’t remember everything. I know how the human psyche can block out things that the mind cannot handle and wonder if that is the case here.
 Paul interrupts my introspection. “He’s right, you need to talk to Jeff, but don’t waiver and I need to go with them.”
 “It’s too dangerous.” 
 “I can handle myself. I won’t be caught off guard. I only got caught in England because I was so worried about my siblings that I wasn’t concentrating enough, I won’t make that same mistake.” He heads toward the door.
 I open my mouth to object, when Jackson puts his hand on me. “Don’t, he is right, we can’t approach Grant, nor would he believe us. We’ll make sure he stays safe. Don’t worry.”
 I wait for Eva and then head over to meet Jeff at the terminal building knowing he would never bring Amelia’s body anywhere near his children. Jeff is already there when I arrive. His face is hard as if he has shut down completely and is on automatic pilot, carefully examining the wounds. He stops a moment when I walk in, but immediately turns back to the task at hand without even a word. I approach slowly and can see that not only are there several lashes, but one side of her neck and clavicle area is torn to shreds.
 Putting my hand on his shoulder, I want to tell him how sorry I am about his aunt and to tell him what we discovered, but he whips around facing me, his eyes enraged, and his features murderous. His hand comes up as if he is going to push me when a voice calls out behind me. I freeze as Julianne yells. “She didn’t do anything and neither did her children. Jeff stop!”
 He pushes past me and phases before he is even out of the room. 
 She comes over to me quickly. “Mia, you need to warn the others. He smells vampire and wolf all over Amelia and there’s no telling what he will do.” 
 “I call Jackson to warn him then call Ryan and Eva. We assume he is going after our party in the woods, but can’t be sure and I want to cover all of the bases. I even call Andrew, in case he heads that way.
 After closing the phone, I turn to Julianne. I don’t understand, how could vampire be on her? Wasn’t she attacked by a wolf?” 
 “I don’t know, but I could smell it as soon as I walked into the room.”
 It must be because Reginald was in here with David’s body earlier. “He probably smelled David. I’m sure there must be traces of him and my family all over this room.”
 “No it wasn’t him. None of us would ever forget his scent and that is not it.” 
“Maybe it’s Andrew’s or James.”
 Julianne’s eye’s shift toward the floor as if she doesn’t want to see the body and considering who is on the slab, I cannot blame her. “Maybe we should leave.”
 “I have to do this first and make sure that I am right.” Stepping closer, she inhales deeply and jumps back, her widening eyes staring into mine. “He smelled a vampire and wolf on her body. It is not from the room, it is from the wound. That’s what made him so crazy.”
 Gently, I lead her outside. “Julianne, my family would not do this to your aunt. I know that you don’t know me and considering you have been dealing with David’s family, I can understand your apprehension about vampires, but I assure you that my family is nothing like that. They are dedicated to preserving life not taking it.”
 She smiles. “I know that. You don’t have to convince me. I haven’t been here long, but I have talked to your students and observed what you have going on up here and I also know what you risked coming in for Jacob, Paul and I. Believe me, it is not Paul, Charlie, or I that you have to convince, it is the adults.”
 “Do you recognize the scent?”
 “Not really, there is something that’s familiar about it, but not quite, I can’t put my finger on it, but I know for sure, it isn’t your husband or his family, there is no trace of them coming from the wound, there’s only a faint scent of Andrew on her skin, but nowhere near the tear.”
 “You can be that specific?” I inquire stunned.
 “When a wound is pretty fresh and we really concentrate, yes.”
 “Maybe you should go back and make sure Charlie is doing alright. I have to go and speak to a few people about what is going on. We have to get some answers before things get out of hand. Stay within the grounds and on your way back, try to call Paul and let him know what’s happening.”
 “I can’t call him, he has probably phased so that he can detect scents and follow my dad’s tracks, but I’m sure that they will return soon and I’m sure that he heard your warning to Jackson.”
 She’s off and I head to Andrew to tell him what’s going on. Although I’m sure he is busy with Lucas, if things are about to explode and there is someone else on the grounds, he has to know. Arriving, I hear Lucas is awake.
 Opening his door, I see a distraught Catherine and weary Andrew. My heart sinks, it doesn’t look like David’s blood is working. Plastering a smile to my face and forcing my tone to sound upbeat, “I’m glad to see you up. You look better than when we first brought you in.”
 “Mia, I look terrible, but Andrew and whatever is in David’s blood seems to be giving me some more time to spend with my Catherine and I’m very grateful for that. How are Nicholas and Kayla?”
 “They are very worried about their uncle and they need you to get strong.”
 “Come on Mia, we both know where this is heading, but you need to promise me something.” 
 “What?” Catherine’s features turn from desolation to stoic as she kisses his hand.
 “You need to make them understand that it wasn’t their fault.”
 “Lucas, can I ask you about the wolf that attacked you? Was there one or two?”
 “There was only one and it came at me from the side. Mia, Andrew said they thought I was at the cabin, but I wasn’t. I would never risk them like that. I was only out in the woods after we got word that the kids had gotten loose. I didn’t want them to phase back somewhere alone, not knowing where they were and it was beginning to get light out. It’s bad enough knowing that I caused all of this.”
 “I know you weren’t out there. Nicholas remembers what happened at the cabin, he remembers seeing Reginald and even his scent, but he doesn’t remember you there at all. He swears that he would have known it was you and Kayla confirms the same thing.”
 “Kayla is talking again?” Andrew interjects surprised.
 “Charlie and Jacob got her speaking again. Once she was convinced that I believed her that they weren’t chasing Lucas but someone else, she came out of her room.”
 “Lucas, what did the wolf looked like?”
 “It was brown and fairly big, why?”
 My heart sinks, but as I look around the room, I realize how many different variations of one color there actually are. “Was the wolf a deep chocolate brown?”
 “No, lighter, it was taupe, maybe tan, why?”
 My heavy heart lifts realizing it wasn’t Kayla but turns fearful again as it strikes me that there’s another wolf on the land, one that was not the four that I had been with. “Lucas, neither Nicholas nor Kayla are light brown. They were telling the truth, they didn’t do this to you. They did find you.”
 “Then who did it?”
 “I don’t know, but Nicholas is almost black, while Kayla is a deep brown almost like dark chocolate. It couldn’t have been Grant or Jeff either. They are both shades of gray.”
 “Do we know what color the others are?” Catherine asks, her eyes more alert.
 “I don’t, but Julianne could probably tell me.” I call her. “Julianne says that she and her family are variations of gray, except for Charlie who is almost black.” 
 Andrew’s features turn grave and Gabriel is out the door before another word is spoken. Andrew turns to head out. “I’ll be back, get Lucas started on Marlena’s blood.”
 “Be careful, if it bites you.”
 “Don’t worry.” He kisses me gently on the forehead before leaving.
 Before I give Lucas the blood, his body starts contorting, pain etched in his face. Finally he stops contorting enough that he can safely drink. “I’m alright now. Mia, you should really get back to the children.” Knowing he wants time with Catherine, I leave.
 I want to check on the children, but wonder if it would be more useful to find James and see if Amelia’s body could give us any clues as to what we were looking for. I find him in the research lab. “I need your help.”
 “Sure, just let me put this vile away. I’m testing the abnormalities in your, Marlena and David’s blood. Give me one minute.” He returns instantly. “What do you need?”
 “How good are you at autopsies?”
 “Why?”
 “You know Amelia’s body was brought in. Everyone thought it was the kids that attacked Lucas but they didn’t. I don’t know what Grant and Jeff believe about Amelia’s attack, but they probably suspect the children or a vampire. I need to know what you can tell me about the one who killed Amelia. Everyone is out in the woods right now, and I need to know as much as you can tell me before something bad happens.”
 He rushes downstairs and immediately starts examining the body, carefully cutting layers of muscle and cleaning the bone underneath. He shakes his head as he brings the light closer and closer. Finally, he turns to me. “I know why Jeff went so ballistic, he was right, he did smell vampire all over her, but it is not one of us. Come and take a look.”
 Moving closer, he points out two nicks on the bone about an inch to inch and one-half apart. “Is that what I think it is?”
 “Yes, and from the looks of it, not only was it done by one very determined vampire, it was done more than once.”
 “What do you mean she was bit more than once?”
 “Mia, look at the indentation carefully, she was bitten at least twice because the indentation indicates two different angles. The tearing through the muscle is quite barbaric. I have seen many a bite, but whoever did this was angry, not just feeding.” Although I can’t see it, I know he is sure. Just then, his watch goes off. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
 “No, that’s alright, I have to get in touch with Andrew. Call me and let me know what else you find.” Letting Andrew know what we found out and what we now suspect, I run to get Martina, other than Gabriel, she is the only one who could confirm my suspicions. We walk into Marlena’s room together. 
 She stares at me as a smirk crosses her face. “So I hear that your children did my job for me, Lucas is dying and because you killed David and turned me, he will turn to nothing before day’s end. It’s rather ironic, you may have turned me into a lowly human, but I will return to my rightful and superior state while your precious Lucas will finally be turned to ash by the one thing he insisted on saving.”
 “Lucas will be fine.” I retort trying to sound convincing.
 “You are not a very good liar. My blood is contaminated by yours, he was bitten by a wolf that...” She stops and then just stares coldly at me. “He will die.”
 “Marlena, I know that some of those, David sired who live here have been contacted and that they are on our land. I know that they killed Amelia and that they somehow have a wolf that attacked Lucas, although why you would have what you claimed is a plague escapes me, but I know my children didn’t do anything to their uncle and that Lucas will be fine, but you will never be a creature of the night again. I’m done here, I have what I want.”
 “There’s where you are wrong. You’ll never have the answers you are looking for until you know what you are.” She starts laughing. “You won’t be able to save him and you won’t be able to hold onto me.”
 I turn. “What are you talking about?”
 As I became more frustrated, she only laughs harder. Not being able to listen to her for one more second, knowing we now have bigger problems, I bolt from her room to warn the others that we have barbaric vampires and a werewolf on Sanctuary grounds endangering everyone. 
 Outside, Martina stops me. “Mia, you were absolutely correct, the minute you started talking about the ones David sired, her thoughts drifted to David contacting those who are here, while they were getting her in position to meet our family, they let them know that Marlena was on her way here with the imposter Jacob and that they were to help her if she needed them to take out Lucas and his family.”
 “But they originally took Marlena to Victor’s farm, not here.”
 “You forget that we didn’t try to interfere with them at all. When she thought there were more children coming, she gave them the order to find out from where and to find out about the family so that if everyone didn’t arrive, they would be ready to take them out wherever they are. They came across our name and Sanctuary doing a search. When they didn’t find anyone there, they must have figured out it was some sort of deception and they came here. Mia, this is not good. We don’t know how many are out there and by now, I’m sure they have contacted the others and know that David is dead and even if they don’t know about the imposter Jacob and what happened to Marlena, they will probably try to come here to get her, we are not prepared for this! They are not demons so what protects us from a demon’s most deadly powers will not help us. We have to gather everyone and let them know what is happening. I know that when she looked at you, there was a flash of you throwing David several feet, you should let all our witches know what you did, maybe it will work on the rest of them too. Did Andrew say if they found Jeff or Grant?”
 “I know that Paul caught Grant’s scent heading up toward the cabin and they were following it.”
 “Mia, they need to get back here. We are going to need everyone’s help if those vampires are coming. Do we even know how many?”
 “Jeff may know if they found him, he said something about David siring a coven here and someone named William heading it.” Calling Andrew, it goes directly to voicemail. “Andrew you need to call me as soon as you can, we have some information and need you back here. We think a coven David sired is on the land!”
 Martina is leaving a similar message for Gabriel. We call Eva to warn her and she informs me that Cecil and Amanda have arrived and are with them. Hanging up on her, we go to warn the witches. I instruct them about what I did to repel David and hope it will work. All of our children are moving up to the buildings, and I am about to go check on my own when I realize Sarah and the children are probably still in the house. Martina and I rush there. 
 Sarah answers. “Grant is not here and neither is my husband. Considering what your children did to Jeff’s aunt, I would prefer that you not come in. I’m sure you understand.” She moves the door, but I wedge my foot in the opening. 
 “My children did not do anything to Amelia or anyone else. However, there is a real threat out there and everyone has been instructed to move up to the main area of Sanctuary, they are gathering in the recreation building.”
 “I’m sure that we can take care of ourselves, we don’t need your help.”
 “Sarah, I don’t know what I did to you to instill this type of hostility, but I believe that William’s coven or at least some of them are here and that is who killed Amelia. With Grant, Jeff and Paul all out, it would be best if you would at least go to the recreation building where the rest of our families are, especially if you would not feel comfortable coming back to the residency with me.” 
 “A werewolf killed Amelia and bit Lucas so stop lying to me.”
 Martina interjects. “She is not lying to you. She is trying to protect you and your family. So please come with us and get with the others”
 “We’ll go but I don’t need you to escort us.” Ousting my foot, she slams the door.
 We are still on the porch when my phone rings. “Mia, we found Grant and Jeff and are on our way back. You are absolutely right William’s coven is on our land, or at least one of them. Jeff said that is what he smelled on Amelia. He wasn’t coming after us because he thought one of us did it, he was coming after us to warn us and to find Grant. They were searching for a lead, but we don’t have any. We don’t know if they are still on the grounds somewhere, but we are coming back now, we are not far away, we should be there momentarily. Where are you?”
 “We warned the families by the school and are moving them all up to the recreation center. I’m at Grant’s but Sarah won’t come with us, she wants to go alone.”
 The next moment, Jeff’s voice rings through the line. “Mia, I’m sorry if I scared you but David’s covens make me murderously crazy. Please, Grant told me what a powerful witch you are, do not let my family go alone, they have our scents because we have been after them before and have caused them damage. If they catch her alone with the children, she won’t be able to protect them. Please knock again and see if she will take the phone.”
 I knock but she refuses to answer. Going near a window, I shout a warning to Charlie or Julianne. “Julianne, Charlie, please I need you to open to door Jeff is on the phone and Grant is with him, you need to come with us now, they need to talk to you, please come and get the phone and have Sarah talk to Jeff. I’m not leaving until you come with me.” I knock several minutes and hear arguing. I decide to give her one more minute and then, we’ll break the door down, if necessary. Finally, someone puts their hand out and I give them the telephone. I wait outside scanning the trees and can tell Martina is straining to hear if anything is approaching. 
A minute later, the door opens and Charlie comes out with Julianne. “She’s just getting something for Andrea and will be right out.” Charlie hands me the telephone. Without a word, she comes out and we begin walking back.
 We are half-way back when Martina stops suddenly. 
 “What’s wrong?”
 “There is someone coming up behind but not a scent I recognize.”
 She and I position ourselves in the back and we all began moving quickly. I whisper to her. “Are you sure it’s not Grant or Jeff with the others, maybe the combination is messing up the scent?”
 A menacing voice retorts from the trees. “She’s sure.” All of a sudden, three vampires jump out before us. One grabs Martina and is about to stake her when I flick my wrist causing the stake to go flying. She pushes him so forcefully that he hits the tree. The other two fly toward us but I repel them, throwing them off balance and yell to the others to start running. Julianne and Charlie phase and are gone instantly and I can’t understand why Sarah hasn’t. We are all running, but a male vampire catches Sarah while another knocks me down from behind. As he lifts me, I see Martina and the third one fighting. Struggling to loosen his hold on me, he pulls my hands tightly behind my back. I see the one holding Sarah run his nose along her neck. I scream and he looks up at me.
 He bares his teeth at me. “Smell her before you bite. You may have gotten lucky too. This one has a very familiar scent. She belongs with the ones who attacked our coven with the wolf. William will be very pleased. Is yours one as well?”
 His cold nose skims my neck as he inhales deeply. “No, but she has been in a room with Marlena. I can smell her on this one and it is pretty strong so Marlena must not be too far.”
 The one turns his opened mouth toward Sarah’s neck, when all of a sudden, something hits the vampire holding me and I’m free. Knowing what will happen if that vampire bites Sarah or Andrea, I throw myself at them, with my arms outstretched knocking all of us off balance. Falling, I feel something cut my hand. There are growls and tearing sounds. Someone helps me up and I see Sarah and Andrea get up as well.
 Three wolves, Andrew, Jackson, Gabriel and Francis are fighting the vampires. Andrew yells to Martina. “Get them out of here.” Raising my hand to repel the vampires to give Andrew and the others a quick advantage to end this encounter, my eyes freeze on the blood seeping from my wrist. Martina grabs me and we are quickly moving away with Sarah. 
 Running, it hits me that they are sired from David and what Marlena said. I wonder if they have what can save Lucas in their blood. Wrenching my hand free and turning on my heels, I call out. “I have to go back, get Sarah to the recreation center” As the fight comes into view two have already been destroyed. “Andrew don’t!” He drops the match engulfing the last. I’m too late. The adrenaline immediately vaporizes and I fall to my knees. 
 Andrew is by my side, yelling to Jackson. “Go get the first aid kit.” 
 “Why did you come back?” I can see he is confused by my actions.
 “They were part of David’s coven. Their blood may have had the same element as David’s to ward off a werewolf bite.”
 Jeff approaches us. “Mia, we have killed some of William’s coven by biting them. I don’t think that they have what you need, nor do I think that these ones were sired by David himself, they were not as strong as his creations.”
 Jackson returns, handing a solution to Andrew who is about to pour it on the bite. Grabbing his arm and pulling my injured one away, my voice is almost breathless. “Tie a tourniquet around it instead. Get me to Lucas, please now. If there is a chance we need to take it.” Andrew takes my arm and I feel his healing heat. “No stop that can wait too!”
 From everyone’s features, I know no one knows what I’m considering. “There may be some of whoever got me at the wound site, maybe it could help. We at least need to try.” I’m in Andrew’s arms and heading toward the terminal building. 
 Opening the door, Lucas looks terrible. Catherine appears still as stone and is fighting with every fiber of her being to maintain control. Andrew places me on the bed next to Lucas. “Lucas, I need you to bite my wrist.” His features turn horrified. “Lucas, please, one of William’s men bit me and if our blood mixed, maybe you could get it before it becomes too contaminated with mine, please you need to hurry.” Although Jeff is skeptical, we can’t pass up even the slightest possibility. I place my bloodied wrist up to him. 
 But Catherine grabs it. “Mia, you know what happened to David.” I turn to her. I know, but he drank a lot. Catherine, look at Marlena, she is alive and she bit me too. We have to try before it’s too late. What we have given Lucas so far is not really working.” Patting her hand reassuringly, “Marlena bit me days ago, she is still here, we don’t have time, Catherine, and this may be our only chance, please!”
 I look back at Lucas. “Please you have to do this, just remember, not too much.”
 “I can’t bite you.”
 “You have to before his blood flows and combines too much with mine. Lucas please you have to do it now!”
 A pained look crosses his face as his teeth sink in. I lock my wrist tight and force my heart not to speed up with the pain. He is off my wrist very quickly and whispers. “I’m sorry.”
 I touch his arm with my good hand. “Lucas this will work, you need to believe it. I do.”
 He hugs me tightly.
 Knowing that Cecil and Amanda are with the children and knowing there could be more vampires still on the land I want to get back to them. “We’ll see you in a while.” Rising, I feel a little light headed and my gait is unsteady. Andrew places his arm around my waist and we leave. As soon as we are outside the door, he sweeps me into his arms, taking me into an unoccupied room. He washes my wrist with solution before placing his hand over it. The heat pulsates through the wound, healing it quickly. I try to rise, but he places his hand on my shoulder, gently holding me down, and reaches for the EKG leads.
 “Andrew, I’m fine, really. I only got a little dizzy. That’s all.”
 After examining me and my several protests, he allows me to rise. “See I told you that I’m fine. Come on, Eva said Amelia arrived and I want to see what is going on with the children.”
 Getting off the gurney, Andrew embraces me tightly. “I know you think that I’m being over cautious, but Mia, your heart and pulse rate have never returned to the rhythm they had before David bit you and your blood is still registering those abnormalities, although the growth rate does seem to be slowing down. It’s just that with the changes in you and then what happened to the others, everything seems to be tied to you and I’m very concerned.”
 “I know you are, but I feel fine.” I hug him and plant a chaste kiss on his sculpted lips. “I really do want to check on the kids and Andrew, the ones that you destroyed may not be the only ones out there. Marlena seemed too confident. What if there are others coming for her?”
 “We will handle them. Now that everyone is on alert and on the main grounds, we can search.”
 “But they still have a werewolf or werewolves out there. What if you are bit. I know I told Lucas it would be alright, but we don’t know anything for sure.” I feel the panic rising within me. As we walk down the hall, Jeff comes toward us.
 “How are you feeling?” He inquires standing beside me.
 “Fine. How’s Charlie?” 
“He was scared at seeing William’s men, but he’s better now. I hope you don’t mind, but he asked to see Kayla and I let him go over to your place.”
 “We don’t mind at all. Charlie is a very nice young man. He is the one who got Kayla speaking again. I’m very grateful to him for that”
 “I’m very grateful to you.” He lifts my bandaged hand. “If Sarah or Andrea were bit” He shakes his head. “Thank you.” He turns to Andrew. “If you wouldn’t mind, I need to see Lucas and his bite.”
 “What’s wrong?” Andrew’s interest is immediately piqued. 
 Jeff’s eyes fall toward the floor. “When I went in to see Amelia, I thought I caught Lucas’ scent around her mouth. I need to confirm whether or not she is the one who bit Lucas.”
 I gasp. “Why would she do that?”
 “I don’t know, but I had been speaking with Lucas earlier and I could have sworn that when I went close to her I caught it again. I know that Amelia was acting strange and keeping to herself, so I doubt that she ever spoke with him, but before I voice my opinion to Grant, I need to see Lucas.”
 Heading back down the hall, when we open the door, Lucas is barreled over in the bed and Catherine is struggling to straighten him, and reassure him that everything will be alright. Andrew runs his hands all over him as Jeff inches forward, taking a deep breath. He shakes his head, inching closer. Andrew finally gets Lucas to lie back in the bed and he appears to be calming. 
 Jeff stands next to him. “Lucas, can I examine your bite as a wolf?”
 Lucas nods but I can tell he is puzzled by the request. Jeff phases and gets right up to the bite. He stays there several moments. I gasp as he steps away, the bite is healed. Jeff phases back and he stares at Lucas. “Thank you. I need to go.” He is swiftly out the door. Andrew’s hands are still traveling over Lucas as Catherine speaks softly to him. 
 I catch Jeff in the hall. “What did you discover?” Turning around, his eyes are blank and he looks like he is in shock. “Jeff, what did you find out?” He stares but can’t seem to find his voice, so I lead him to a bench. “Jeff, please what’s wrong?”
 After several moments, he pushes the words past his lips. “Amelia bit him.”
 “Are you sure?”
 “Yes, there were microscopic traces of her scent around the wound site. Your family wouldn’t have smelled it because his scent is so overwhelming. In fact, I almost missed it because I couldn’t believe what else I smelled. “I smelled your blood in him and the blood of another, but it wasn’t William’s man.”
 “What are you talking about?”
 “Mia, I smelled fresh pumping blood, his blood. His heart was beginning to pump.” Jeff’s voice drops and is barely audible. 
 “Are you saying his own blood was flowing through him and that he’s human now?”
 “That can’t be, I know what I heard, but it has to be impossible. He’s a vampire, his heart can’t be pumping and his blood cannot be flowing, it was almost free of venom. I don’t understand it. I must be going crazy. What type of place is this? Vampires and witches working together; vampires around humans without feeding on them, and your family back in England trying to save even the wolves.” As he stares at me, a look of incomprehension crosses his features. “It’s ironic, I had found some peace when I first met you, it was because of you that I was able to begin forgiving and understanding my father, but now, our paths cross again and you have turned my understanding of everything upside down. Nothing is making sense anymore. Vampires can’t change, yet Lucas right now is human. He was a vampire when I went in to the room and in a matter of moments, he wasn’t anymore. What is it with you people, who are you, really?”
 “I don’t know how it happened.” 
Before I can even finish, Andrew is by my side. “Mia, Lucas is asking for you.”
 I turn to Jeff. “Excuse me.” Lucas is hooked up to an EKG machine which registers a heartbeat. I step closer to Lucas. “How do you feel?”
 “Shocked” He is holding Catherine’s hand, stroking it with his thumb. “Thank you for saving me. I could feel the bite extinguishing my existence.”
 I’m speechless knowing what is happening now. 
 He leans toward me, hugging me. “Thank you. I was not ready to leave this existence and Catherine.”
 “Is there anything that I can do for you?”
 “Yes, you can get Nicholas and Kayla and bring them here. I’ll have them shut off the machine.” His eyes shift to the EKG. “I want to let them know myself that I am doing much better.”
 “We’ll get them and be back.” Jeff is gone. As we walk across the courtyard, Andrew brings me closer to his side and I can tell his eyes are scanning the surrounding area. 
 “You don’t think they would come here do you?”
 “Considering what we just endured because of David, their atrocities know no bounds so we can’t discount that possibility. We don’t even know how many there are. We have Marlena, they probably don’t know Alexander is dead, and they did get to Amelia and manipulated her into biting Lucas. I don’t know how much they know of what went on down there or your involvement in David’s demise, but I’m not taking any chances. I don’t want you or the children walking around here without one of us.”
 Forgetting that Amanda and Cecil are in our suite, I am caught off guard when I hear Kayla. “I don’t feel any different.”
 An unfamiliar voice responds. “You won’t feel different but now with practice you can control your transformation so that you are no longer a prisoner to involuntary phasing when there is a full moon.”
 “Does that mean I can force myself to never transform again, if I don’t...”
 As we enter, Kayla stops talking. She and the other children fly at us. “Your back, are you o.k.? Charlie told us you got bit again.” Kayla grabs my arm.
 “We are fine and so is Uncle Lucas, in fact, we came to get you. He’s asking to see you.”
 “Is he going to be alright?” Jacob inquires, his voice filled with excitement and hope.
 Andrew responds carefully considering we don’t have the answers. “The bite is healed and he is anxious to see you.”
 They run to the door, but then Nicholas turns around and addresses Amanda. “I’m sorry, do you mind if we go? I know you came a long way to help us, it’s just that we’re so worried about our uncle, we’ll come right back, we just need to see he’s alright for ourselves.” 
 “It‘s fine, go and see him. I will be here when you return and Kayla, in answer to your question, you won’t have to turn ever again if you don’t want to.”
 Going over to her, I extend my hand. “It’s so nice of you to come all this way. Thank you so much. I can’t tell you how much we appreciate it. I’m sorry to take them away so quick and have you wait, it’s just that...”
 “Please go and see Lucas, I will still be here when you return and then you can tell me how you brought David down. I have been trying to do that for centuries.”
 “We won’t be long.”
 “Take your time.” She smiles, but looks preoccupied. Staring at her, it’s strange but as she smiles, her face looks familiar, but I can’t place why.
 Heading into Lucas’ room, the EKG is turned off and he looks much better, but Catherine’s eyes are still fixated on him and she appears concerned. The children jump toward Lucas. They are happy and relieved. Catherine backs away as they climb on his bed and I touch her hand, whispering. “Can we go into the hall?”
 She shoots a glance at Lucas and we move outside. 
 Moving over to a bench, I take her hands. “Catherine, I know that you are afraid for him, but you look like you are about to fall apart. Is there anything that I can do for you?”
 “You saved him and gave him more time, I’m just afraid of what will happen. Mia, is it really possible that he could be human? I know that all the signs seem to indicate a human physiology. He even gave himself a paper cut to see if it would bleed and it did, but is it truly possible?”
 “I don’t know, it seems like it is, but I’m not sure how.”
 Her features reveal she is deep in thought. “Catherine what’s wrong?” 
 “I’m sorry a selfish thought just crossed my mind. It’s nothing.”
 “What is it? I wouldn’t push, but your features look as if whatever you are considering is devastating.”
 “I’m happy for him, he has a second chance at life, that is what some of our kind have been searching for since their conversion, but if he is human, our time together is very limited. I feel as if I just found him, I can’t believe how soon I will have to let him go, but considering how soon I thought I would have to let him go, I…” She sighs and looks as if she would cry if it were possible. Her eyes shift to the floor. “I’m sorry. That sounded so selfish. I am happy for him, especially if that makes him happy. I just hate the idea of losing him.” She takes in a deep, calming breath and then squeezes my hand. “Mia, promise me that you won’t even tell Andrew what I told you, I know it is terrible and I shouldn’t be thinking this way. I just...”
 Pulling her into a hug, I feel her anxiety and know I would feel the same way if it were Andrew. “It may not come to that. We don’t know what will happen.”
 “Mia, there isn’t a trace of venom in him anymore.”
 “Let’s give it a few days. You know that things always seem to work out the way they should in the end. I’m sure that we can think of something and there are options each of you can consider.” 
 She shakes her head slightly. “I could never ask him to choose this existence for me again. Mia, even though we band together and some of us have made peace with what we are, it is only because it was foisted upon us and the alternative is intolerable. I would never ask him to throw away his miracle for me.” She straightens herself up. “I will just make the best of the time that we have together and the memories of what we share will sustain me. Mia, please don’t speak to anyone about this. I can’t ruin his happiness.”
 “I promise, but I do think that you should consider being honest about your feelings with him.”
 “I’ll think about what you said.” Despite her words, her features reveal she could never speak to him about it. “If you don’t mind, I think we should get back in there.”
 Lucas and the children look so happy. They kiss him and scramble off the bed. “We’ll see you later.” Nicole waves.
Andrew goes up to Catherine, squeezes her hand and whispers something that I cannot hear. Crossing the courtyard, we pass several of our family and our friends forming groups to search the woods. Andrew stops in front of Gabriel. Give me one moment and I will join you.
 Upstairs, he kisses us good-bye. “Mia, remember, don’t leave here. I’ll be back soon.” Then he is gone.



Chapter Eleven - An Old Secret Revealed, A Sacrifice Uncovered, And An End Of A Life

 Entering our suite, Cecil is gone, but Amanda is waiting in our suite. “I hope that you don’t mind. Cecil left with one of the search parties.”
 “Are you kidding, I don’t mind at all. Can I get you anything to eat or drink?”
 “A cup of tea would be wonderful.”
Nicole follows me into the kitchen. Is uncle Lucas really going to be alright?”
 “He seems to be doing much better and it looks like the werewolf bite healed nicely.”
 “Mom, please don’t do that.”
 “Do what?” I turn to face her.
 “You and dad are beating around the bush and answering our questions very carefully. I could hear his heart beating. I know that something is going on.”
 I turn around. “Sweetie, we are not beating around the bush, we know that he is doing much better than he was when the werewolf bite had taken hold of him. I won’t lie to you, his heart is beating now.”
 “So is he like us now, part vampire and because of the bite, part wolf?” Her features reveal her surprise at this thought.
 “Honey, we are not really sure what is going on. He may not be vampire at all anymore and he may have returned to his human state, but we can’t say anything for sure right now that is why we are careful with our answers. We don’t want to say anything that wouldn’t be true. That’s all.” She stifles a yawn. They must still all be exhausted from the past several days and the uneasy sleeps. 
 As the tea is boiling, I pop popcorn and place it in a bowl. “Why don’t you take this out to the others and enjoy a nice relaxing movie.”
 I hear the quick shuffling of feet in the other room as I take out the tea and a sandwich for Amanda. Placing it on the table, there is a knock and I let in Paul, Julianne and Charlie. “I was wondering how Kayla was doing now that she saw her uncle.” Charlie inquires.
 “She is doing much better, but I’m sure she would be happy to see you. They are just in the other room.” 
 As they pass, Amanda puts her hand on Charlie’s arm. “Charlie, let Kayla know how much better it is for you know that you know how to control your phasing and how it gets much easier. She still fears what happens and I would hate to see her never phase again because of fear. I have a feeling that she could be as strong as you one day if she can move past her fear, she definitely has the potential.”
 “I will, she’s just afraid of hurting people she loves, but I’ll talk to her.”
 Sitting by Amanda “Thank you so much for coming when Cecil asked you, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it.”
 “I was happy to come, especially when Cecil told me what you did to David.”
 Looking into her face, I see the devastation in her features as she utters his name. “Did he hurt someone you loved?”
 “He destroyed someone who was very important to me and ripped my family apart.” She states bitterly. He is the reason I was so desperate to help the wolves gain an advantage over their transformations. I was always hoping that they would use their ability to wipe out David and his coven, but they never did. Grant tried several times, but his pack never got behind him so David’s coven grew too strong, spread out to several continents, and I just am not strong enough or brave enough to try to eliminate him myself after escaping from him.” She clears her throat. “Cecil was telling me that you are a very strong witch. Tell me, why have I never come across you?” It’s strange, not only is there something familiar about her, but the way she stares at me when she talks makes me feel as if she’s assessing me and committing everything I say to memory.
 “I don’t travel. I didn’t find out I even had potential until I came here. Since that time, I have been raising my children.”
 “You have a beautiful family. Your children are very close and very supportive of each other. I understand because of your circumstances why Kayla is so worried, but you should foster her powers as a wolf, she and Nicholas are going to be very powerful wolves because of their other talent and will be able to achieve great things as long as they embrace both their gifts. Embracing their werewolf side will not put them at odds with Nicole or Jacob because of what they are. Your children will do fine because they have a strong moral fiber and desire to do the right thing, don’t hold them back because you fought what you are for so long and lost your own sense of self. I know that you say that you haven’t really used your powers and I know you want your children to grow up as normal as possible, but you and your children are not normal. By hampering their growth in this world, you are limiting not only your ability, but theirs as well. Now is the time for all of you to come to terms with and experience who you really are and embrace all that you can do.”
 Her candor surprises me. “Amanda, I appreciate what you are doing for my children, but you don’t know me so why would you say these things.”
 “I have seen you in my visions and your children. I knew I would be coming here to help you before you even knew you would have children, before Katrina was even a twinkle in your mother’s eyes. I have the gift of sight and you can tell Catherine not to worry, everything is going to work out as is should; she and Lucas will not be separated.”
 I feel my mouth fall open and fight to close it again. “I don’t understand.”
 “You can tell her that her concerns will not come to fruition but you and...” She stops. I’m sorry, I know better. “The St. Clouds have done a wonderful job with this facility. I can’t believe how many they have helped. This is a wonderful teaching ground for the children. You should really try to keep Grant and his family on, they could be invaluable to teaching Kayla and Nicholas, and it will make it easier for Charlie and Kayla.”
 Trying to keep the exasperation out of my voice, I speak slowly, deliberately. “Make what easier. You are speaking very cryptically.” 
 “I’m sorry I tend to go off some times. I really should be able to control myself better after so many centuries. The ability to see another’s future path comes with the burden of not being able to share it with them because their knowing could change the course of events and sometimes not for the better. But tell me, do you know what it is about you that allowed your blood to kill David?”
 “No, I don’t know. All we know for sure is that after Marlena and David bit me, I did not transform into a vampire and their hearts started beating, but I’m sure with your gift you know that.”
 “Yes, I do. You were right to warn Lucas not to take too much. It was David’s indulgence that caused him to age so quickly and killed him.”
 “How do you know this? You seemed not to know it before we left.”
 “I didn’t. Like you, as I am around someone’s things, their story becomes clearer, more of the pieces begin to fill in and my purpose is revealed.”
 “Can you tell me if Nicholas and Kayla will be alright with gaining control of phasing or is that not allowed?”
 She laughs. “You didn’t believe me, did you? They will be fine with phasing, they just need to practice. It won’t take them long at all and I meant what I said, they will be very strong if they learn to embrace both sides of their power, they will be almost as strong as your own children.” 
 “Do you know how many of William’s men are out there now?”
 “There are five of them now but more linger behind, waiting to see if they too are needed, but not the one that Jeff is seeking. William and the strongest of his coven are already gone. He knows that even his lesser minions will be successful in reclaiming Marlena and there is no need for him to be here, he has other matters to attend to now that he is the head that will rule David’s covens.” She takes in a deep breath and looks as if she is debating whether to say more. 
 “They do not understand the real prize, but may in time, the answer is still unclear and so I can say no more to this. The search parties will not find anything tonight, nor will they run in to any trouble so do not worry about Andrew and your friends. They will be fine and be back momentarily. If you don’t mind, is there somewhere that I could get freshened up? There is someone I have not seen in a very long time and can only now reveal myself to him.”
 Rising, I lead her to the guest suite upstairs. Brushing by me, her arm touches my hand and the shock of the visions that shoot through my mind, stun me. They appear so fast, I cannot even decipher all of the information overloading my consciousness. Frozen in place, I vaguely acknowledge her thank you before mechanically walking back downstairs. 
 Reaching our suite, Andrew comes beside me, holding my arms and stooping to meet my eyes. “Mia what’s wrong? Are you alright? Are the children alright?” 
 I struggle to find my voice as the visions slow down allowing my mind to process what it sees, so I nod. Opening the door, he moves me to the couch, stroking my cheek. “Please talk to me, what’s wrong?”
 The visions cease and I finally focus looking up at him. “Amanda is Reginald’s sister.”
 “How can that be? Reginald said she was dead”
 “He thought she was. She has been hiding from him all these centuries for fear if David, I mean Sebastian had tracked her, he would find and kill Reginald. 
 “Did she tell you this?” 
 “No, I just saw it. When I was showing her up to the guest room, she brushed by me and I saw her past. Sebastian after he had formed his coven as David, captured her. He tried to force her into transferring her powers to him, but she wouldn’t and he knew that if he killed her the powers would die with her. He tortured her for over a century until one day she escaped. Grant was wrong, he was not the first wolf she helped transform. There were others, but they were eventually destroyed. She stayed in the shadows hiding from Sebastian and hiding from Reginald for fear that if she were to ever reconnect with Reginald and David were to capture them both, that all David would have to do was to threaten and hurt Reginald and she would transfer her powers to protect him, but still it would not buy them enough time to escape and would make him a more powerful monster than he already was. She knew that if David could not find her, then he had no need to capture Reginald or hurt him because he had nothing more to offer David and every time she tried to envision herself contacting Reginald, she saw his gruesome demise because David was a much more powerful witch than Reginald.”
 “Are you sure? I have never heard of witches being able to transfer powers. Although Reginald is not connected to the black arts, I can’t imagine someone being more powerful than he is.”
 “Maybe she knew her brother, Sebastian, was more powerful or maybe Reginald could never go against his brother and that is what would get him killed.”
 “Possibly, but what power could she have that Sebastian would kill his own brother for?”
 “She says she can see the future.”
 “I know she came to help us, but do you really think that is possible?”
 “I don’t know, but I have a feeling she knows something about us, something not good and she says that she can’t tell people what she sees because it changes their future and not always in a good way.”
 “What else did she say?”
 “She said that the children need to embrace all sides of their power and that they will be strong. She also said that William is gone, but has left five of his coven behind near our land and others who are waiting to help if necessary and that they will be successful in recapturing Marlena, but that they don’t understand the real prize, but she wouldn’t tell me what that meant.”
 “Maybe we should check on the children and then go have a talk with her and find out what she is talking about. If she knows anything about those coming for Marlena, we need know so that we can try to stop them and protect those here. Then I need to go and check on Catherine.”
 Following him into the other room, everyone has fallen asleep watching the movie, including Paul, Julianne and Charlie. Not wanting to disturb them, I call over to Jeff to make sure it is alright if Charlie stays and to let Grant know about Paul and Julianne. We cover them up and catch Eva and Jackson going to their room to stay in our suite before heading upstairs to speak with Amanda.
 Taking Andrew’s hand on the stairs, “I know that you’re worried about Catherine, but if Amanda is for real, she said Catherine would be fine and she and Lucas would not be separated.”
 “Let’s not say anything to Catherine until we know for sure. I don’t want to get her hopes up. I’m not saying that Amanda is a fake, but I don’t want to give Catherine false hope if something causes their future to change.”
 Raising my free hand to knock, Andrew grabs it and brings our intertwined hand to his lips cautioning me to be quiet. Turning around, we are heading down the hall when the door opens. “Come in.”
 We turn again and enter. Reginald is sitting on the sofa, his features frozen. Amanda is holding his hands and stroking them gently. “We can come back, we didn’t mean to intrude.” Andrew states quietly.
 “You’re not intruding at all. I know that you are skeptical and have questions, but some answers I cannot give you. I shouldn’t have spoken when I did, sometimes I forget, but I wasn’t trying to be intentionally cryptic or scare Mia, it’s just that if I were to tell you what I saw, I could change your future and it would not be for the better believe me.” She turns to me. “I know what flashed before you, and although some things are very real and have already happened, others may not be what they seem or set in stone because the future has not happened yet and one thing could affect something else or change the outcome.” 
 She turns back to Andrew giving me time to process what she said. “What Mia saw about Reginald and I is correct, and although you will try to stop William’s men from taking Marlena, you will fail. I’m sorry but there must always be balance.”
 Reginald snaps out of his comatose state, staring at her. “Sebastian said something very similar. What balance are you two talking about?”
 “There must always be a balance between good and evil on this plane. Do you really think that one side will allow the other to get too powerful? For each good one that you save, one such as David sires another one for their team. You know that the fight between them is not limited to heaven or hell. Each day, the battle rages in this universe, on this plane for fresh souls to strengthen their side. Just look at this family alone if everyone made the choices they did, his underworld would never grow and that would never due. Why do you think covens such as David’s exist? They are the balance to a family such as this. Reginald for as much as you know, even you are unaware of how much he lost when he lost them. Even not knowing the full truth in this matter, did you really think that he was going to sit by and take such a loss? Please tell me that you are not that naive. When he lost them, the heads of covens committed to pure evil received a boost to their abilities, even on this plane. Some became virtually untouchable. How do you think the heads of such covens avert full on attacks while their followers are decimated. 
Taking in a deep breath, she continues. “That’s one of the reasons he went after her.” She nods toward me. “Before they were married, he knew what would happen if they got together and the product of such a union if they remained on this land. Why do you think he was so delighted when she died in the gorge? Even if he can’t have her this time, he will get her extension in this battle, especially now that Marlena is human and has the seed. The only question is whether he can get to and change Marlena’s mind before she does something stupid, she is ingrained with such hatred for the human condition that it may cost him his chance. He won’t be able to get her on this land and if they...” She stops abruptly. “It may be best if you both leave.” 
 Andrew stares at her. “You were just speaking about Mia and you know something that affects her. I think that before we leave you need to explain yourself, now.”
 Reginald touches Amanda’s arm and his eyes become unfocused for a moment before he stares at me and I know he somehow saw exactly what she did. I have no doubt that she can see the future and it is not good, at least for Andrew and me. Reginald’s tone is very slow and deliberate. “She can’t tell you Andrew, it would be disastrous for you both. You have to let this unfold if you want any chance at all.” His desperate plea seeps through his façade confirming the other visions I saw when touching Amanda. 
 Amanda interjects. “I can tell you this, what I see does not involve something happening to your children. I believe that they will be strong. I wish I could be more help Andrew, but right now all I can see if I interfere at this juncture is disaster. I am truly sorry.”
As we leave, I hear Reginald questioning Amanda. “Is there any chance or will we lose them both?”
 “I can’t say right now, it keeps shifting because the time line is not set. It was averted once already and then I thought when I first arrived, it would happen during the escape, but I’m just not sure now, you saw, the vision is too uncertain and the future too undecided. The sacrifice made is generally rewarded and with more than just this time, but she knows and will not allow one to suffer on her behalf, she will try to interfere. The wager will be made and although it will be fought in a short time, and certain things will not be allowed because of the initial sacrifice, I cannot see the outcome or the commencement.”
 “I’ll be back. We have a lot to discuss.”
 Andrew pulls me down the hall, and I hear Amanda’s door creek behind us. Reginald is at our side immediately. “Andrew I know you heard and if I’m right, Mia heard as well.”
 “Reginald I know you saw what is going to happen and it involves Mia. If he is coming after her again, I won’t let him take her!”
 “Andrew you cannot do anything to risk yourself.” I turn, intertwining our hands. “Please you can’t do anything that will take you away from here, from our children.”
 Turning to Reginald, my tone reveals my anguish. “How many will be hurt trying to protect me?”
 “It is not like that and he is not coming in the way that you think, he can’t, not this time. Trust me, it is not what you fear, but it may explain some of what is happening. I wish that I could go into it, but it would not help you now, it would only hurt you both. You just need to hold on to your love and remember that no matter what, the heart never lies!” His voice is full of emotion and he grips my free hand. His anxiety seeps through the rigidity in his touch revealing that he is afraid for me and what I will face. I have some indication from what I saw, but could my visions mean more, they were so unfocused and fuzzy, shifting, and only revealing what I now fear is a small part of what occurred and what is to come.
 “I don’t understand.” My eyes search his knowing he cannot give me an answer, but hoping for some type of revelation.
 His voice turns quiet, maybe in hopes of calming my racing pulse. “I know, but you said that your heart led you back to Andrew during your darkest time, don’t ever let go of that. Looks can be deceiving and the brain does not always register the truth.” Frustration wells within me. Reginald puts his hand upon my shoulder and I feel a strange surge then drain of power as he speaks. “It’s alright, Mia I know it is frustrating, but we are trying to help you and you have others who only wanted to help you too. You still have work to do here and we have so many answers still to find that I believe everything will work out. 
 Andrew interjects. “What did you do to her? I can hear the difference in her heartbeats.”
 “I took back the power which I transferred to her. I didn’t realize that it was taxing her system until Amanda showed me.”
 “What do you mean you transferred power to her?”
 “When we were at the estate, I knew that my quest to find answers could be dangerous. I didn’t realize what I was going to find and if I died, I did not want certain powers to die with me. At the time, the power I transferred to her also worked in conjunction with your powers of healing to help her. She was not in danger I assure you, but Amanda did not like the way it was slowing her heart down and worried about complications in the long run.”
 “How do you know this?”
 “Amanda had the gift of sight even before she embraced her other powers. When we were children, she had the ability to share her visions with me. I need to get back in to her and you should go and see Catherine, Andrew, she needs your reassurance and support.” Turning on his heels, he reenters the suite.
 Outside of our suite, Andrew pulls me into an embrace. “Are you going to be alright if I leave for a while?”
 “I’ll be fine. I need to speak with Eva anyway.”
 He kisses me gently before leaving.
 Entering the suite, Eva is not there, but Jackson is sitting on the couch. “Is everything alright, you look worried?”
 “Not really.”
 “What happened when you spoke to Amanda?”
 “Reginald was there. Jackson, we have trouble coming.” Realization as to what else they revealed to me hits like a wrecking ball and I’m glad to have a few minutes with Jackson alone. 
 “What kind of trouble?”
 “Jackson, where’s Eva?”
 “She just ran to our suite for a moment, she got a phone call and needed to grab a file.”
 “Then I need to speak with you before I explain the trouble coming.”
 “What’s the matter?”
 “Amanda has the ability to see futures. She let Andrew and I know that there is something that is going to happen with us, but says that she cannot let us know what it is because it would interfere with our future and could lead to even more trouble.”
 “What do you need me to do?”
 “I need you to watch over Andrew and make sure that he doesn’t do anything foolish.”
 “I don’t understand?”
 “I’m not sure that I understand fully either or how much I can reveal but I fear what’s coming for me will separate us. I’m afraid of what Andrew may do when it happens. You need to promise me that you will keep him out of trouble and safe, please.” My hands are gripping his as I fall on my knees.
 Pulling me back to my feet, his features fill with understanding, but his eyes reflect his fear. “I promise, but Mia you know that you and he are connected and if something happens to you, I fear for him.”
 “I do too, but you have to do all you can to protect him and protect my family, that’s all that matters.”
 “I promise.” He hugs me quickly and leads me to the couch. “What kind of trouble is coming?”
 “William’s men are coming for Marlena and they will get her. Amanda seemed pretty confident that we would fail in our attempt to keep her. Considering where she is being housed...” 
 Eva walks in and seeing us, her facial features turn concerned. “What did I miss?”
 “We have trouble coming for Marlena.”
 “What kind of trouble?”
 “At least five, maybe more very barbaric members of William’s coven, they are going to come for her and from what Amanda revealed, they will be successful in getting her.”
 “If someone is coming for her, we need to move her away from the others to ensure no one gets hurt and that our patients do not see what is on the land. They will probably enjoy killing whoever is in their path and they won’t hide what they are. We don’t need that type of problem. Since everyone is up here, maybe we should concentrate on having them spread to the residency and have them move to the rooms in the recreation building on a semi-permanent basis. Then we can move down toward the school. If they come, at least they will be away from the main buildings.”
 “Jackson rises. I’ll alert the others.” 
 Eva rises as well. “Can I talk to you a moment?”
 “Sure, what’s up?”
 “Eva, when you found me down in the gorge what really happened?”
 My question catches her off guard and her eyes shift toward the floor. “Why are you bringing this up now?”
 “Something happened that day and I need to know what it was. Amanda seemed to intimate that what happened that day will now affect my and Andrew’s future.”
 A somber expression flits across her now resigned face and her tone turns thoughtful. “What did she say exactly?”
 “It isn’t so much what she said, but what she seemed to be hiding. I thought I got a flash of something and I’m hoping I am wrong, but I need you to tell me what happened that day.”
 “We found you there and you were dying, but we stabilized you enough so that between Andrew and the medical procedures, you healed.” I could hear the lie rip through her tone. 
Concentrating on the vision, the picture begins to clear and reveals the truth. “You’re lying. I saw Michael there. You risked your future and sacrificed your immortality to save me, why?”
 “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Mia, please you were in very bad shape, I’m sure that what you think you saw was in your imagination.”
 “Eva, it wasn’t in my imagination, it wasn’t what I thought happened during that time; it was what Amanda saw and tried to hide. You reached me first and were calling out to Michael for help. He finally came to you when you called out that you were willing to sacrifice your own existence for my life. He was so touched by your true willingness to give up your existence for your brother’s happiness that the two of you brokered a deal. If you met any type of trouble that could end a human life, other than natural causes, you would be extinguished. Why would you do that?”
 Her eyes shoot around the room as if seeking divine intervention as to whether to tell me the truth. After what feels like hours, she takes my hands. “I did it for you and my brother. The day of our conversion, he risked everything to try and save me. Then when I found Jackson and sent him away to save him, he was the one with me as I suffered. He always watched out for us and tried to protect us. He saved my existence more times than I can count when we were fighting amongst ourselves and when others came to destroy us. I couldn’t allow him to suffer your loss, not when he had just found you. The thought of it was intolerable.”
 “But you risked your own forever for us.”
 “I would have done anything to give him time, to give you both time. You deserve to be together, it was not the time for your story to end, not before it even began. He deserved happiness and you deserved a life. I would do it again in a heartbeat.”
 “Eva, I need you to stay here. I’ll be back.”
 “What are you going to do?”
 “The only thing I can do. I’ll be back.”
 She grabs my hand. “You can’t do whatever you are thinking. You have a family, a life here, you need to think about this and not do whatever is in your mind right now. It will be alright, I knew what I was doing and would do it again.”
 I wrench my hand from her. “I love you, but I need to go.”
 Running through the crisp night air and dense forest, I know I don’t have much time before Andrew returns and comes looking for me. Running as fast as I can to where this all began, I call out for Michael. “I know that you can hear me and I am begging you to please show yourself to me. Please this cannot end as I fear. Michael, she cannot die because of me! That is not right and you are all about what is right and just. You have always helped this family in the past and you know that they strive to do the right thing in return. I need to do the right thing now, please help me!” Closing my eyes, I hold on to the hope and continue my plea.
 After several moments, I feel the light of his presence and open my eyes. Seeing the beautiful angel before me, I drop to my knees. “Thank you for coming.”
 “I do not have much time. The sacrifice that was made for you was of one pure of heart who wanted to give you and her brother the life she had always hoped for him.”
 “I understand that, but it cannot be bought upon her life. I know what she wanted and I thank you for the time, but she cannot sacrifice herself for me. Andrew will always have the best part of our love, he will have our children. When the time comes for her to pay for this gift I am begging you to take me instead and let her immortality be restored. That is the way it should be and you know it! Please allow me to take her place, the place where I should be anyway. I am begging you. You know that it is what is right and proper, please do not take Eva’s life, you need to take mine.” Taking in a deep breath, I can’t help but wonder if in trading my existence, it will be for eternity within the fires of his realm, the realm which haunted my nightmares for years after being bewitched. Shaking my head, it doesn’t matter, I will take whatever comes. Leaning back on my heels, “I am ready to join the fight on your plane or the fires in his.”
 He smiles and his face glows, calming my anxiety. “Mia, I don’t need to take anyone’s life.” Although it is admirable that you would be willing to go there, that is not how it works, especially when the sacrifice is made pure of heart.
 “I don’t understand.”
 “I can see that you are willing to take her place freely and openly despite what you fear and what you will lose. Because of what both of you are willing to sacrifice for the other, your eternity will be here, but you will have no recollection of your children or of Andrew, it will be a very different life. You will not have the benefit of the powers which you now possess or the knowledge of what is waiting to come for you. He will try again. You will be vulnerable and can be influenced. Remember, you have made quite a few enemies in his world. Although he himself will not be able to come for you at this juncture because of your willing sacrifice, there are others who will be all too happy to turn you and make you his to gain power in his underworld. You are what he desires and anyone who is successful in turning you will be well rewarded by him for their efforts.”
 “I am ready, but please may I ask just one more question?”
 “You may.”
 “Will my children and Andrew still be here or will my children disappear because of this?”
 “No your children will be fine. They will still exist. This choice does not erase the past, it changes only the future. In their memories, you will have died, but there future will still be tied here and to those you have surrounded them with. They will continue to grow up with the love and support of those around them and those to come.”
 “Thank you.” Tears of relief escape over my lids. “I’m ready now. Thank you.” 
 “Tomorrow, Mia. In order for you to trade places with Eva, you must stop Edmund from staking and burning her when they come for Marlena. Also, you are to tell no one of this or that you are leaving.”
Panic fills my heart and I interrupt him. “I have already made a mistake.” 
He holds his hand up. “You had no confirmation of your fears when you voiced them to Jackson so don’t worry about that. You must go now, Andrew is almost done with Catherine and you must be back before he returns.”
 “Thank you.” Thankfully only Eva is in the suite when I arrive, she is pacing wildly, distress ripping through her normally serene facade. 
 “What did you do?” She grabs my hands. 
 Running back, I had already fixed my features into an unwavering mask. “I couldn’t do anything. No one would respond to my plea.” Wrapping my arms around her, “I love you.” 
 Her telephone rings and as she departs I enter the children’s room. They are sleeping with the most angelic looks on their faces. I sit by each one, whispering in their ears, hoping that subconsciously they register my utterance so that it will always be with them. “Never forget how much I love you, how proud I am of you, and how strong you are becoming. Be happy, you are surrounded by love and I will love you always.”
 I hear Andrew gently clear his throat in the archway and I don my mask once more, despite the raging emotions in my heart. Turning, his perfect features reflect the wonderful life we share and the time that I am so grateful for. Although it is ending, I am truly blessed to have shared this unbelievable love that will forever touch my soul, no matter what tomorrow brings. Moving closer and wrapping my arms around him, I pull him into an embrace. “How is Catherine?” 
 “She’s doing better. Did Jacob wake up with a nightmare again?”
 “No. Why?”
 “I heard you whispering and thought you may have been trying to help him go back to sleep.”
 Placing my head on his chest so as not to risk him seeing through my mask, I lie to him for the first time since we met. “I saw him stirring and thought it may help.”
 “Have you eaten anything?” He puts his hand under my chin forcing my face to meet his.
 “I’m all set. What I would like to do though...” Slowly backing away, I intertwine our hands and walk into our room. If I only have tonight, I want to leave him with a memory of how much I love him and will always love him. Backing him into our bed, I sit beside him. As he turns to me, I kiss his glorious lips tenderly and run my fingers across his cheek. “I love you.”
 “I love you too. Mia, are you sure that everything is alright? I heard what you said to Jacob and it sounded more like a goodbye than comforting. Are you afraid because of what Amanda said?”
 Drawing myself up on my knees, I wrap myself around him now. “I’m not afraid and it wasn’t a goodbye, you must have misunderstood. I’m fine. It’s just that we haven’t spent much time together since everything that happened and I miss you.” I run my fingertips down his sculpted torso.
 Although he shivers, he is not deflected and I wonder if we are more connected than I ever realized. “Mia, nothing is going to happen to you. Amanda is wrong, nothing is going to separate our future.”
 I kiss him again as my heart races. Knowing this is our last night, I don’t want to talk. I want to be near him, to love him, and to give him one last memory of us together. “I’m not worried Andrew, really. I just want to be with the most wonderful man on this plane or any other.” Slowly, I unbutton his shirt. As I unfasten the last one, he pulls me into his chest. The entire night, I refuse to let my eyes shut, even once. I want to memorize every fleck of his glorious, ocean eyes and feel every contour of his muscles. Even if consciously I won’t remember, I know his soul has imprinted upon mine and will touch me throughout eternity. 
He is tender and sweet. His touch lights the embers of desire throughout my entire being, burning away the fear of what is to come. Although our time is short in comparison to the forever for which I hoped, I know that no matter what is erased from my mind his gift of love will forever warm and touch my heart and can never be stricken, not even by the most powerful of angels. 
 The gray hue pierces through the slotted blinds signaling my final hours with this angelic man and my wonderful family. I need to put one more thing in place before I leave my safe haven to ensure that Nicholas and Kayla will be taught well. Although Andrew and his family can deal with all of the other issues, they are not knowledgeable about this one and in his grief, I cannot let a power that will protect them fall to the wayside, knowing that I will not be here to help protect them myself. 
Rising to start my final day, I don my mask for one final time ensuring that I do not let on that anything in our forever has changed. I will not break the rules, the consequences are far too grave, so I kiss him good morning as always, tell him I love him and get breakfast on the table just as the children rise.
 As luck would have it, or maybe it is a gift from Michael, Jeff appears at the door to see Charlie, who is just sitting down to eat. Andrew is called away regarding an urgent patient matter and I seize the opportunity to put the last piece of the puzzle in place with Jeff. 
 “Can I speak with you in the living room for a moment?” He winks at Charlie letting him know he’ll be in the next room. “Is everything alright?”
 “Yes, I am just hoping to convince you to help Kayla and Nicholas adjust. I know that you agreed to help them through their first conversion and that you have a life and pack outside of Sanctuary, but if you or Grant could stay for a while to assist them in adjusting and learning how to use their skills as wolves, I know that they will be in good hands and be taught by good people. I know this is a lot to ask and normally I wouldn’t, it’s just that this is outside of our area.” I feel the fear of them being alone in this if he says no creeping its way into my heart and exposing me through my crescendo tone. 
 Jeff interrupts. “Mia, I’m sure you and Andrew can guide them just fine. They are good kids and it seems like you are a very close knit family.”
 “We are, it’s just that I know that there are aspects of this that we are not equipped to teach them and I am hoping that you might consider staying or convincing Grant to stay for a while to ensure that their adjustment goes smoothly.”
 “I don’t know how long I can stay, but I will definitely speak to Grant about it and I know that Paul and Julianne are very fond of your children and could be a big help.”
 “Thank you. I can’t tell you how much better that makes me feel.” My voice involuntarily cracks.
 “Mia, what’s going on? Is something wrong?”
 “No, I’m just worried about them.”
 His eyes bore into mine, searching for answers, maybe the animal side of him senses my fear. Casting my eyes to the floor, I fear I’m too late. “That’s not it. There is something more. I can sense it. Let me help you this time, don’t shut me out.”
 “Jeff, it’s nothing. Everything is fine, it’s just been a complicated few weeks and my concern for them in this matter is getting the better of me because I can’t help them myself in this.”
 Charlie comes bouncing out of the kitchen. “I’m ready to go.”
 “Alright, let’s go.” He turns to me. “If you want to talk, let me know.”
 Leaving with Julianne and Paul, I enter the kitchen to clean the dishes. Looking over to my children as they rise to clear their plates, a lump in my throat rises, almost choking me. Forcing it down, I only have a few seconds, before it overwhelms me. I cannot let on to them that anything has changed and if I allow my control to slip for even a second, the tears I am forcing back will be unstoppable. 
Kissing them good morning again as they hand me their plates, I try to make a joke of it so as not to let my sorrow for leaving them escape into my voice, but I need to tell them I love them while they are awake. 
 As I hug Jacob, he looks at me with a confused stare. “Are you o.k. mom?”
 “I’m fine sweetie we just have to get ready to start our day. I love you handsome.”
 “I love you too mom.” 
 As they head into the other room, I close my eyes tightly, force my emotions into a draw, and lock it tight so as not to allow them to take hold of my heart. I need to be strong and I need to be ready. Any indication of what is to come and I will cost Eva her existence and forever impair the family that flamed the embers of my dying existence, making me feel alive for the first time. Forcing a smile on my lips, it is just in time as a cool set of arms wrap around my waist and Andrew rests his chiseled chin upon my shoulder. “Are you ready to go beautiful, the children are already in the hall?”
 Turning, I kiss him. “I’m ready.”
 We spend the morning helping out at the recreation center and seeing patients. At one o’clock Ryan comes in and from his expression, I know this is it. He whispers into Andrew’s ear and Andrew is gone in a flash, followed by his family. Knowing the children can tell something is going on and not wanting to leave them without kissing them goodbye, I race over to them.
 Nicole inquires. “What’s going on?” 
 “It’s nothing to worry about it’s just a patient that we moved to another building. I have to go and help out.” I kiss and hug them all. “I love you.” 
 Outside, I dash towards what I know is a fight, Reginald catches hold of me, but we keep moving forward. “I will watch over them, they will be fine.” Catching his features, I know he knows what is about to happen too.
“Thank you.” 
I cannot believe the strength of the vampires that are coming at my family. They seem to toss them aside so easily. One enters the building followed by Andrew who is tossed out a window in a nanosecond. Immediately rising, he bolts back inside. Eva and Jackson are on another, but I see the one who I came for approaching with a lit stake. Knowing this is it, I throw myself at Eva’s back.



Chapter Twelve - Epilogue

 Dr. Angelis, I’m sorry to disturb your rest, but there is a patient on route to emergency who has been shot. You need to scrub. Jumping up from the cot, I bolt down the hallway catching up to Janet, handing her my watch, cell phone and pager as she updates me. “The victim is believed to be a seventeen to nineteen year old male with two gunshot wounds, one to the abdomen and one close to the heart. The bullet through the abdomen is a through and through, but the one near the heart is lodged in the back rib cage. The EMT’s lost him twice on route. Operating room four is ready and your team is scrubbing. Pushing into the OR scrub room, I prepare and she is still by my side. “I placed the gown in your office for the benefit. Jonathan sent flowers again and said that he would meet you there. His plane was delayed, but should be landing around seven.”
 Running through the operating doors, I prepare to operate.



A Note To The Reader
We hope that you enjoyed this story. We are posting it free to share with readers in hopes that if you find it entertaining, you will consider donating the money you would have paid for a paperback book ($2.99 - $4.99) to your local food bank, an organization of your choosing that provides food to children of nations who suffer from starvation, or even consider the purchasing of extra canned and dried food and placing them in the receptacles of shopping areas that collect for food banks. Please note that if this book is seen on other sites available to purchase it is because the site requires a purchase price to originally list the book. As such, the net proceeds from this book received by the author will be donated to a local food bank or will be utilized to purchase food items that the author will place in local receptacles delivering to food banks in the area. Thank you for your consideration of our request, we hope that we have provided you with some entertainment with our story, and that your contribution will provide someone in need with a little assistance and comfort in their struggle. 



Synopsis Of Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Dark Encounter

Mia’s unearthing of Eva’s sacrifice all those years ago could only lead to one action, she had to die in Eva’s place when William’s men came to reclaim Marlena. As Andrew tackles a world without his other half and struggles to exist and pick up the pieces of his children’s mournful hearts in facing a world without their mother, Mia is thrust into an existence which no longer affords her the protections of Sanctuary and her powers. Alone, without any recollection of her past life, haunted by memories and visions of a tragic life which are appear to be her own, and stripped of the ability to awaken her powers, she is in the arms of her worst nightmare.  Mia faces her most deadly challenge to date, and one which in her new life, she is not even aware as Jonathan returns to claim her as his own. Armed with new skills, a fresh plan, and a secret which if revealed in the proper fashion may lead Mia right into his awaiting arms and a commitment which will seal her fate for all eternity. This time the dark side may just get the soul it is hungry to consume, but only if it claims her before a mistaken belief leads to the end of her life by the one who will end his on in the process.


