Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Mia’s Dark Encounter

L.A.A. Law
Smashwords Edition
©2014 by L.A.A. Law

Discover other titles by L.A.A. Law at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/loricurious123
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/338958
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/359899
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/404363

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be scanned uploaded or distributed via the Internet or any other means, electronic or print without the publisher’s permission.
If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other wonderful stories. Thank you for your support.
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictionally and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events or organizations is entirely coincidental.
Synopsis Of Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Dark Encounter

Mia would never let anyone choose to die for her. After learning of Eva’s decision to do just that, Mia vowed that when the time came, she would ensure that Eva was the one to survive. Knowing the only one who Eva could have sought this favor from is the archangel Michael, Mia calls to him and makes arrangements to be the one who pays for the gift of her time with Andrew and her family. The battle with William and his men to reclaim one of their own led to Mia’s death at Sanctuary. As Andrew tackles a world without his other half and struggles to pick up the pieces of his children’s mournful hearts in facing a world without their mother, Mia is thrust into an existence which no longer affords her the protections of Sanctuary and her powers.
Knowing Mia’s heart would ache from the loss of her soul mate and family, Michael shrouds her new existence in a history haunted by memories of losing her husband in a violent home invasion. In doing so, he isolates her heart and opens the door to Mia’s most deadly challenge to date. Stripped of the ability to awaken her powers or recall her past, she is unaware that she has fallen into the hands of her most feared enemy, Jonathan. Armed with new skills and a secret which he will use to deceive Mia into making a commitment that seals her fate for all eternity, Jonathan is determined to claim his prize. This time the dark side may just get the soul it is hungry to consume, but only if it claims Mia before a mistaken belief leads to the end of her life at the hands of one who will extinguish his own in the process. 
Table of Contents
Prologue - A life Unknown
Chapter One - Pursuits
Chapter Two - An Unnerving Night
Chapter Three - An Encounter With The Past
Chapter Four - A Surprising Revelation That Can Change Everything
Chapter Five - Dreams
Chapter Six - A Heart Broken
Chapter Seven - Forging An Existence Without Mia
Chapter Eight - New Revelations
Chapter Nine - A New Arrival Leads To A Deadly Night
Chapter Ten - The Event
Epilogue - A Slipping Veil
Secrets of Sanctuary Hospital Andrew And Mia’s Confrontation
Note To Reader
Prologue – A Life Unknown

“Dr. Angelis, I’m sorry to disturb your rest I know that you’re clocked out, but there is a patient on route to emergency who has been shot. Dr. Sing and Dr. Anderson are already performing procedures and Dr. Christian is an hour out. Jumping up from the cot, I scramble down the hallway. 
Janet joins me. “The victim is a seventeen year old male, two gunshot wounds, one to the abdomen and one close to the heart. The bullet in the abdominal region is a through and through but the one near the heart is lodged in the back rib cage. The EMT’s lost him twice on route. Operating room four is ready and your team is scrubbing. I ordered type O until we can type and cross match.”
Handing her my watch, cell phone and beeper, I begin scrubbing. 
“I placed the gown in your office for the benefit. Jonathan sent flowers again and said that he will meet you at there. He got delayed in a meeting, so his plane took off late. He should arrive around seven.”
Dressing in my blues, I glance up at the clock. “Maybe you should call him and let him know that I have an emergency and won’t be able to make it.”
She shakes her head in exasperation, knowing that I am looking for any excuse not to attend with him. “The benefit was your idea to raise money for the wing you want dedicated in your mother and Alexander’s name, you cannot blow off your own fundraiser. Besides, Dr. Davis said that you had to show up tonight.” She smiles sardonically. “He even told me to remind you if you got this way that the wing is dependent on you being able to persuade all of those nice, rich ladies and gentlemen to open their pocketbooks and contribute to a good cause.”
I roll my eyes at her and she laughs. “You know that he doesn’t give one iota about the new pediatric wing, he is just sponsoring this endeavor because he was crafty enough to tack on his new plastic surgery wing to my proposal and he gets to split the proceeds.”
“You may be right, but this benefit also gives him an opportunity to meet his new clientele.” Janet can’t stifle her giggling. “You know if he pulls Mrs. Jacobitz face back once more it may snap apart. He needs new women in search of a perfect look, I hear his wife is sick of redecorating their penthouse on the Upper East Side and is now looking for a summer home in Bel Air to suit her exquisite taste. I also heard that she crashed her new Mercedes.”
“That’s only because she saw that cute Italian sports car driven by Dr. Jeffer’s wife at last year’s Christmas dinner.” I whisper conspiratorially before going into surgery.
Surgery is grueling. We lose him three times during the extremely long procedure before finally stopping the internal bleeding and removing the lodged bullet. 
Glancing up at the clock in the locker room it reads six forty-five, giving me exactly fifteen minutes to change and get across town. 
Showering quickly, I throw on a new set of scrubs realizing that I forgot to bring the gown from the office. Entering my office, the gown hanging on the door is a black backless halter dress, low cut front. I shake my head, trying to contain my dismay as I call out to Janet who is preparing to leave. “Where is my dress, this isn’t it?”
“That is the one they sent over, is there something wrong with it?” Her voice sounds too innocent, even through the closed door. 
Flinging open my door, as much as I love her, I want to throw the dress at her and tell her to switch with me, but seeing that she is dressed in a provocative mini halter dress, stops me dead in my tracks. “You did it again didn’t you? You asked them to send this revealing dress. Why do you keep doing this to me? I would have looked perfectly presentable in the black turtleneck dress I sent them the money for. All they had to do was hem it”
She shakes her head in mock disgust. “That dress would never do. How are you going to stun all of those rich men into opening up their wallets and contributing to your cause in something as dowdy as the black turtleneck? Have you seen the way Jonathan dresses? He was voted one of the best dressed entrepreneurs in New York; you can’t embarrass him by showing up covered from head to toe looking like his grandmother.”
“Ugh!” I don’t even have time to argue or send her to the boutique across the street, now I have only ten minutes. Reentering my office, I slam the door and slip into the revealing monstrosity.” 
At least she has a cab waiting for me when I come out. “Can you call Dr. Jeffers while I consult with the neuro-specialist on the Dever’s case and let him know that I am coming back after this affair, so if he wants me to cover his shift, I would be happy to. I want to check on our newest patient and I promised Tonya I would sneak her some cake from the party.”
Her features are seething disapproval as she slowly removes the phone from her purse. “Mia, wouldn’t you rather spend the night with that handsome Jonathan than come back here and cover yet another shift. You can’t always be a workaholic. You need to allow yourself to have a life.”
“Call him, so I can do this consult before we arrive, I’m already late and I don’t want to hear Dr. Davis tonight.” She calls Dr. Jeffers as I speak with Dr. Grey.
As we pull up to the entrance, I hang up and Janet turns to me. “Dr. Jeffers said that would be great, his son is sick and he hates leaving him with the sitter.”
I can’t believe my luck, even Dr. Davis can’t complain about me covering a shift for a physician on staff who’s in need. “Well then, I have an excuse to leave early.”
“Are you ever going to allow yourself time to enjoy a life, come on Mia, you are still young, you should be mingling and enjoying your life, not spending every waking moment at the hospital.”
“I do have a life and with any luck, in a few months, I’ll have a whole new playground to play in.”
“You don’t have a life, you had a life, now you have an existence and it is not healthy. You of all people should know that.” She retorts sardonically.
“I feel very healthy actually.” I reply as sweetly as possible.
Rolling her eyes at me, I hear an exasperated huff as she reaches for the handle to exit the cab. “I don’t think Alexander would agree with you and you know it. Just look at yourself, you went from planning a future filled with love and children to hiding in the hospital and burying yourself in work.”
“I have children. In fact, tonight after the party, I will visit all ten of them and even sneak one of them some cake.” I try to lighten her souring mood, knowing how much she enjoys socializing, I don’t want to ruin tonight for her just because the thought of mixing and mingling now, makes me want to crawl into a hole and hide.
She shakes her head and stops before the entrance. “My aren’t we clever, I don’t mean the children you treat and then send home to their loving families to enjoy living life you envisioned.”
“Janet, please just stop. You like these parties, don’t ruin tonight for yourself by fighting with me now. Not to mention, I need to pretend to be charming and delightful not brooding and moody and you know how hard it is for me to try and mingle at a function like this. I need to get the money for this wing.”
Her face softens as we stroll inside. “I’m sorry, it’s just that you were so lively and happy and now I worry about you. Why can’t you give Jonathan a chance? He’s a rich entrepreneur who is enamored with you. He’s willing to throw all sorts of money at your favorite cause just to accompany you to this benefit and seems like a really nice guy. Just think about the future you could have with someone like him.” Stopping just inside the lobby, her eyes are boring into mine, pleading with me, I love her so, but wish she wouldn’t worry about me like this or push me.
How can I make her understand that I don’t want to be with anyone? “I’m sure that he is a very nice man, but I’m not ready for anything like this.”
Grabbing my hands, she prevents my escape into the reception area. “Mia, it’s been three years since Alexander died. It’s time for you to move on and start your life again. He wanted that for you and you know it. My God, it was his dying wish that you move forward and get a new life, a new passion and have a family, the one that was robbed from you and him.”
“I do have a new passion and I am moving forward. Every child who enters into our hospital and is able to return to their family, when they would not otherwise be able to, is a child who I will always hold dear, so in a way I have an infinite family, especially if I can get this wing built. Look Janet, when Alexander got ripped away from me during the home invasion, I lost myself and was in a very dark place for a very long time, but I picked myself up and I am moving forward, but this is the only way I know how to do that right now.”
She turns, her eyes scan the crowd and she slowly moves forward. “All I’m saying is that you have a wonderful gentleman who seems very interested in you, maybe you should give it a chance.”
“Maybe I’ll send him your way and you can stop waiting for Max to leave his wife.”
“You could send him my way anytime you desire. What do you have against rich, powerful men who can make all your dreams come true?”
“I don’t dream, I work and accomplish.”
“You mean you hide and evade.”
Despite our sparring, as I look at how packed the room is with potential benefactors, my pique about the dress and her pushing the Jonathan issue dissipates. 
Dr. Davis spies us and I see the sarcasm overtaking his features before it seeps through his tone. “It’s so nice of you to make an appearance at your own function.” 
“I had a seventeen year old boy who needed to see another day. Besides how else would I have provided you with an opportunity to convince all the lovely benefactors that your wing would be extremely beneficial to them in helping perfect their appearance? I’m sure that you sized up at least fifty of these women and convinced them that they should be in your office by the morning because you could take years off of their appearance with a little nip here or tuck there.” My sarcasm is not as impressive.
“You forget the men.” He retorts. 
A hand rests on the small of my back and I know who it is immediately. “Well your appearance is perfect and this dress looks absolutely exquisite on you. I’m sure you will have every man in the room opening their wallet to please you tonight and that my contribution won’t even be necessary to build the wing.”
Turning to him, I plaster on a smile I reserve for my patients. “Mr. Taylor, I’m so glad that you could make it. I’m sure that if others contribute to building the wing, your contribution could be utilized to ensure that the most up-to-date technological advances will always be available to ensure that the children receive the best possible treatment.” 
Turning back to Dr. Davis, knowing that any more sparring with him will make me too wary to speak to the benefactors about all of the lives we could save with this pediatric trauma wing, I quickly take my leave. “If you’ll excuse us, I promised to deliver my projections to Mr. Fields. He won’t even consider investing before reviewing the budgetary plans.”
Moving away, Jonathan’s hand moves across my lower back and down my arm, taking my hand. “Mia, I really wish that you would call me Jonathan from here on out.” 
Although every fiber I my being wants to rip my hand from his, I cannot afford to offend him, so instead I quicken my pace to reach Mr. Fields. If Jonathan comes through with the contribution to the pediatric wing, others will follow suit, I remind myself, trying to run the article I read about him in this fashion through my head. Maneuvering through the crowd, I make small talk. “Did your business trip go well? Janet told me that your meeting was running late. I hope that you didn’t leave unfinished business just to accompany me to this benefit.”
“I was just meeting with an associate in order to strategize about the best way to approach a recently released business competitor that we have been seeking to commit to our endeavors. I am hoping now that they are free, they will consider forging a long lasting relationship with my associates that will benefit all parties.”
“It sounds as if you have been after this person for years.” 
“I have. It would be quite a coup to get them on our team. Their power and connections could be extremely useful to my associates’ endeavors and would really solidify my position with the upper echelon of movers in my field.”
“I wish you luck in securing this person. From your tone, I take it that this partnership has eluded you in the past.”
“You are quite observant. My technique and timing has unfortunately been off and others have always interfered with our alliance, but I believe I may be more fortunate this time. I am trying a new approach which I never considered before but my colleagues believe will be more beneficial.”
We pass a tray carrying champagne. Grabbing two glasses, I hand one to him. “Here is to your success.” I clink his glass and pretend to take a sip. Jonathan is smiling as we reach Mr. Fields. His good mood at my showing a little interest carries over into our conversation with Mr. Fields. His finesse stuns me as he manages to convince Mr. Fields without my even having to hand over the budgetary projections that donating to this endeavor is a must if he wants to be seen as a socially responsible businessman with forethought. Walking away ten minutes later, I place a check for fifty thousand dollars in my purse.
“You are amazing. You had him writing out a donation before he even realized his checkbook was in his hands.” We are moving through the crowd toward another potential benefactor. “How did you manage that? I was sure he would be my hardest sell tonight.”
He stops a moment, a smirk playing on his lips. “You have to know how to shame them into it.” He laughs. “No, really, this is a wonderful cause. They just need to see how it can also be beneficial to them. I’m sure that the next time the press speaks to him about one of his indiscretions or questionable business dealings, he will play up the fact that he is a ‘major contributor’ to a new hospital wing that will benefit the younger generation of this community just to throw off the pointed questions about his character.” Snaking his arm around my waist, he pulls me through the crowd. Come on, I see Mrs. Hammond. It will never do for Mr. Fields to have one up on her. We can get her to easily contribute another fifty thousand.” 
By the time we sit down to dinner, I have donations totaling five hundred thousand dollars. “Thank you so much. Your ability to secure contributions is astounding. Are you always a do-gooder or do you just enjoy the challenge?”
He can’t stifle his laugh. “So you see me as a do-gooder do you?” 
“Yes, this is our third fund raiser. In walking around with you, I secured more contributions than we all secured working the room of the other two. I may have to keep you on speed dial to ensure you show up at the two we have next week.”
“Would I be able to escort you to these events?” He smiles.
“I am hoping that you will take my place. I haven’t secured many donations, besides; you did all the work tonight.”
“I’m inspired.” He looks at me in a way I wish he didn’t, but quickly changes tact when he catches my fleeting frown. “Besides, I hate going anywhere alone, but if we go together, I will be happy to see how many investors I can get to commit to such a cause.”
Before I can respond, the couples at our table get up to dance. Rising, he holds out his hand to me. “Shall we?”
“Oh, I don’t dance anymore.”
“Come on, please. You never know how many more people this dance may inspire me to shame this evening.” He smiles, continuing to hold out his hand. His features reveal he isn’t going to take no for an answer.
He doesn’t release me for three songs, but in keeping to his word, he secures two more donations before we return to the table for dessert. As people begin to disband, I turn to Jonathan. “Thank you so much for your help this evening and for the lovely time.” I extend my hand to shake his.
“Would you like to go for a cup of coffee somewhere or an after dinner drink?”
“I’m sorry. I have to get back to the hospital. I came here between shifts. I need to go and check on a shooting victim who I operated on before coming here and I promised to smuggle some cake to another young patient. If you’ll excuse me, I need to stop by the kitchen before it is all gone.”
“I’ll walk down with you.” He keeps my hand and begins walking before I can object. “I’m sure if I can persuade people to open their pocket books during such difficult economic times, I can use my influence to secure some type of cake even if the one served here is already gone.”
“You don’t have to lose more of your evening. I’m sure if they don’t have any left, I can stop at a bakery.”
“The bakeries are all closed by now. Besides if I allow you to disappear now, how will I convince you to have dinner with me tomorrow evening?”
“Jonathan, I can’t tell you how much I appreciated your assistance this evening, but I don’t date. I thought I explained that when we met at the hospital. My only focus right now is getting this project off the ground as soon as possible.”
“Then consider my invitation a business dinner. You can bring the list of guests who replied to the upcoming benefits so we can determine who may be the best to approach.”
Shaking my head, he is incorrigible. “Are you always this persistent?”
“I do hate taking no for an answer and usually pursue whatever avenues are available to me to secure the desired result. I hate being thwarted by rival family members or business associates.” 
I can see how he has become so successful in business. “If you are this persistent with all your endeavors, I’m sure that the business associate you were seeking earlier will have no choice but to acquiesce to any proposal you are setting forth.” Hoping my distraction technique will flame his desire to complete his unfinished business by taking his former competitor to dinner tomorrow instead, his response tells me I failed. 
“I hope you’re correct about my being able to persuade this person.” His features turn distracted and his voice drops off. “I am trying quite a new technique for me in pursuing them and I’m not quite sure if it fits my personality yet.” His distraction dissipates. “Enough about business, we should secure your cake and you should tell me where you would like to eat dinner tomorrow evening.”
Inwardly I sigh. “I’ll make you a counteroffer. I am working tomorrow evening, but how about lunch before my shift in the cafeteria.”
Surprisingly, he rolls his eyes at me. “If that is all I can get you to agree to for now, I guess I will have to say yes.”
“Let’s say three o’clock.” He nods but I can tell he’s exasperated before we part ways.
Leaving, Janet is outside waiving down a cab. “Are you going back to the hospital?”
“Absolutely not” she huffs. “We can’t all hide from life you know. I’m going to meet Max, his wife took the children on an overnight camping trip with their troop so I thought I would go and have some fun. Speaking of fun, where did your handsome escort disappear to? He seems like he could be lots of fun after a stuffy affair such as this.” She smirks.
“I’m going back to the hospital remember, so if I pay for the cab, can you drop me there?”
“Sure” She sounds more exasperated than he did. “You should have gone home with him. I bet he had a fully stocked limousine pick him up, just the type of drive to loosen a girl up. You two seemed cozy on the dance floor. He never took his eyes off you all evening.”
“I didn’t even want to dance, but he helped secure so many investors and wouldn’t take no for an answer. The whole time, I felt as if I was cheating.”
She sighs dramatically. “Mia, come on, who are you cheating on? Three years is much too long to go without having someone in your life. I read somewhere that people who truly love someone and lose them are more likely to fall in love again. You don’t really want to skew the odds, do you?”
“Janet, I’m very happy with my work and my life, can’t you just leave it alone.”
“No, I can’t.” She folds her arms. “I watch you bury yourself deeper and deeper with every passing day, while men, good men, men who could make you happy finally give up. I can’t stand to see you blow another opportunity.”
“What opportunity? I don’t even know Jonathan. I only agreed to let him escort me because he contributed so generously.”
“You could start by reading the articles about him I left on your desk after checking your patients. You’re a night owl anyway. Besides what else do you have to do working the graveyard shift? Maybe some of those articles will spark your interest because he is definitely interested in you. I could see the sparks fly when you danced. What do you have to lose? At worst you date a while and he helps you secure more funding for your project, at best, you fall in love. I see it as a win-win situation and you should too, so stop being so stubborn.”
“There were no sparks and you shouldn’t have wasted your efforts. I have a lot of work to do to prepare for next week.” Frustrated, at least I can ignore her and stare out the window.
A moment later, we are at the hospital. Throwing the money in the cab slot, “Take her wherever she wants to go and keep the rest.” Turning to her, “Thanks for the pep talk mom.” I retort sarcastically. “I’m happy. Good-night.” 
I need normalcy quickly. Without even changing into scrubs, I throw on my lab coat and go see my shooting victim. He is awake and speaking with his parents. Knowing the nurses will have them leave soon I review his chart quickly and go to see Tonya. 
Opening the door, I hold the cake out before stepping inside. “Dr. Angelis, you remembered.” She smiles. 
“I even wrestled the cook for this piece.” I laugh. “Just don’t let Nurse Adams catch you. I already received a lecture from her today when she caught me sneaking a candy bar to Reid.”
“I don’t know why you let them lecture you.” She chuckles. “Don’t they realize that we look forward to these surprise treats and that you wouldn’t give them to us if you thought they would hurt us?”
I can’t help laughing. “Still, if anyone asks, say it was on your dinner tray. O.k.” I tease.
“If you get the money for the new wing, do you think that we could make this something that would appear on the dinner tray once in a while?” She inquires hopeful.
“I’m hoping that by the time the new wing is built you are in full remission and won’t need us anymore, but if you want to visit and cheer the other patients up, I’m sure something could be arranged in my office for you.”
“Do you think that this new treatment could actually do that?”
Not wanting her to lose hope or confidence in the treatments, I search for encouraging words without committing to a definite answer. “I am very hopeful. You have a wonderful attitude and you’re a fighter. I know that you won’t give in to this and a good attitude helps in your treatment.”
She hugs me. “Thanks Dr. Angelis, I’m so happy that my parents decided to try this hospital. The staff that was at the other hospital always kept their professional distance and sometimes when you’re here at night and your family can’t be with you, it’s nice to have someone who shows you that they care about you, not just your diagnosis.”
“I do care about you and everyone in this hospital.” I smile warmly.
“I can see that. You didn’t even change before bringing me the cake. How was the benefit anyway, was everyone dressed up in gowns like you?”
“I’d rather be here talking with you and the other patients truthfully, but yes everyone was dressed very nice and they were very generous.”
“Did you dance with anyone there?”
“I wasn’t really there to dance. I was much more interested in talking to people about the importance of making contributions.”
“Dr. Angelis, you are so good with all the kids here, we are always talking about you and how great you are, but you are always here. Don’t you want to have a family of your own and someone to love you when this is all done?” Her eyes hold such hope. “My mom is so happy with my dad, my sister and I despite having to go through all of this with me. She says no matter what else life has in store for us, we can get through anything because we are a strong family and love each other.”
“I see that you finished your cake. It’s getting late and I should make my rounds.” I rise to leave, but she grabs my hand.
“Dr. Angelis, I’m sorry if I made you think about Dr. Stevens and made you sad. It’s just that the two of you were always coming around here and seemed so happy, but now, even though you try to act happy for us, we can tell that you’re sad. I guess I was just hoping that you could be happy again like my mom is now. I wasn’t around when she lost Karen’s dad, but Karen told me she was really sad all the time too and worked too much. Now, she has balance and even Karen calls Harry dad.”
Plastering on the best smile I can manage. “You didn’t make me sad. I just really have to go and check on a patient. You get a good night’s rest and don’t worry about me, just concentrate on keeping yourself strong and I will see you in the morning.”
After making my rounds, I enter my office to change. Janet placed the folder on Jonathan marked with big red letters ‘please read’ next to Alex’s picture. My fingertips glide across the frame as I stare at the ominous folder. Although her heart was in the right place, I feel irritated by her pushing him upon me. My life feels strange enough, like everything is still upside down as I struggle to get through the daily grind. I feel like a stranger trapped in my life, looking at a world that I no longer recognize, cannot understand and know will never be right again. I went from loving someone more than my own life, planning a full future with my work, children and a love that would transcend time to feeling isolated and like a stranger in my own skin. It took less than sixty seconds for someone who escaped with no more than thirty dollars in Alexander’s wallet to end not only his existence, but mine as well. Alex had more life within him in those last moments than I felt in three years. The moment he took his last breath, so did I. My heart hasn’t beat since, it is dead, housed inside a vehicle whose mind has yet to quit, forcing me through the motions. At least this last year, I find that in my work, helping the young patients here, I do feel right. Being here at least makes sense and offers me a glimmer from the abyss of my existence, but when I leave, when I step away from the patients, the hospital or my newest endeavor in trying to raise money for the new wing, I might as well be buried in a tomb covered under years of undergrowth. Janet thinks the men gave up, but I drove them away purposely and quickly. I refuse to impose my solitude on anyone and my heart refuses to even open a window to allow my eyes to see anyone but the patients that need my assistance and skill. I know Alex would say that I am wasting my gift, the opportunity to share my life with a soul mate and to bring new life into a world that needs new ideas and an influx of new energy to continue moving forward into an ever changing future, but I don’t believe in soul mates or souls for that matter, at least not anymore. I believe in perfect fits. Like a key into a lock, there is only one key to open that one particular chamber and if it is lost, although the lock may continue to decorate the door it adorns, it will never work right again. Outside of when I am working, my presence is as useful as that decorative lock and will serve as a frustrating obstacle to whomever needs to open the latched door to get into the room on the other side. 
Janet wakes me from my unexpected slumber at 6:00 a.m. It’s strange but I have never felt closer to Alex, it is the first time I woke remembering how his arms enfolded me. “You were supposed to be looking at a possible future not reliving a past.” Removing the picture frame from my grasp, she forces the file in my right hand. “You promised Alex that you would not close yourself off, you would carry on and never waste a moment mourning the dead. You know he believed that the living had the harder job, he is in paradise and you have decided to enter your own self-imposed hell, but that needs to stop, now. You had your time to mourn. Now it is time to live and honor your promise to him. We are going to start by going out tomorrow for drinks. If you are not interested in a rich, handsome bachelor, what about a moderate business man who wouldn’t demand too much of your time and can start you in the right direction?”
“Let me guess, a friend of Max’s.” 
She rolls her eyes. “You said you wouldn’t judge. Think of it this way, you could have some fun without ever really having to commit, nothing too scary for you first time out.”
“I’m not judging. I know that you believe he is lonely and living in a loveless marriage until his children grow up and he can leave Sarah, but it’s just not for me. I can’t get involved like that.”
“You need to get involved with life. If it isn’t Max’s friend, then open the file. Would it really be that bad to date someone like him? What could a few casual dates hurt? What is the worst that would happen, you go to dinner.” She brings her hand up to her mouth as she huffs. “Wait, no something even worse, you might go to a movie and laugh. Oh no, that would be absolutely awful, pure torture.”
“Alright, enough about my personal life” I place the folder on the desk. “I want to check on a few patients before I go and tackle the Board. Have they moved Jamie from recovery yet?’
“Yes, he is in room 305. Are you even going to read the card before you leave?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Ugh!” She sighs, placing her hands on my shoulders and turning me back to my desk. “Even you can’t be that oblivious!”
There is a beautiful white floral arrangement sitting in the middle of my desk. She hands me the card. “Thank you for agreeing to have lunch with me, even if it is only to talk shop. Jonathan”
“So what did mister dreamy have to say?”
Handing her the card, “You can read it, I have work to do.” Striding down the hallway, I can still hear her. 
“At least he knows not to say anything too scary you have to give him credit for that.”
Approaching Jamie’s room, there is a young woman begging nurse Jenny to see him, only to be met with the standard reply. “I’m sorry miss, but visiting hours are from twelve to eight because patients need their rest.”
“I can’t come then, his mother will stop me from seeing him. Please, just a few minutes.” She holds her hands out in supplication as I reach them.
“What seems to be the problem Jenny?”
“This young lady has been here for the past twenty minutes begging to see Jamie and although I explained to her hospital policy, she won’t leave. I’m going to have to call security so I can get back to work.” 
Placing my hand on her shoulder, “That’s alright, I’m sure that I can handle it, I’ll speak to Ms. ...” I pause so she can tell me her name.
“I’m Kathleen.”
“Alright, Kathleen how about you come with me to the patient waiting area so we can discuss your urgency in seeing Jamie. Maybe I can help.”
Jenny turns. “Thanks Mia.”
“No problem. I like making new friends.” I start walking and she follows. We sit in the lounge. “So why don’t you tell me why you are here so early.”
“I can’t come during normal visiting hours because Mrs. Parkson will be here and she will never let me in. She blames me for Jamie’s shooting and wants me as far away from him as possible.”
“Why would she blame you?”
“It was my ex-boyfriend who shot Jamie.”
“Why would he do that?”
“He didn’t mean to shoot Jamie. I am the one who should be in that room, not him. The shots were meant for me, but Jamie jumped in front of me to protect me. She’s right. It is my fault, if Jamie wasn’t trying to help me move out of Tyler’s apartment, he would have never been shot. I shouldn’t have called him. I just didn’t know what else to do. Once I realized that Tyler wasn’t who he seemed to be and was into all sorts of things that could bring really big trouble, I wanted to get away. I didn’t realize that he was also crazy and possessive. I just didn’t know who else to turn to, Jamie is a good friend, he’s always watched out for me, ever since we were little. That’s why I have to get in to see him, to see that he is alright and apologize for what I did.” Her breath hitches. “I’m sorry, I don’t know why I’m telling you all this, it’s just that I’ll probably only get one chance to see him before his mother ensures that he never speaks to me again.” 
Tears fill her eyes, seeping out the sides. “Let me see how he is doing and if he’s up to it, I’ll come back and get you.”
“Really, you would do that?” She asks hopeful.
“Absolutely I’ll be right back.”
Entering, he is up. “Good morning. How are you feeling?”
“Very sore, but really grateful to be able to say that” He replies hoarsely. “Did Kathleen leave?”
“No, she is waiting down the hall. I’m Dr. Angelis, I operated on you yesterday. I told Kathleen I would allow a brief visit after I check you out.”
“Thank you. I tried to call out to the one she was arguing with, but they didn’t hear me.”
Lifting the bandage, I examine the sutures. “Do you remember what happened?”
“Sort of, it is like a fuzzy dream. I remember Kathleen calling me and telling me that she was in trouble. I went over to help and we were packing. The next thing I remember is dropping a box that she handed me. Tyler was right in front of me holding a gun and pointing it at her. I moved and felt an incredible pain in my chest. I blacked out after that, because the next thing I knew, I was waking up in recovery and my mom was crying. She said I was shot twice.”
“You were. Can you roll over to your side so I can listen to your lungs?” I help him roll then lie back down so I can finish. “Do you feel up to a visit?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll bring her down, but we need to keep this brief. Your body went through a very taxing experience and you need to rest to recuperate.”
“I will. Thank you.”
She relaxes upon my return. “Five minutes is all I can give you. Please don’t say anything that might upset him or make him anxious. If any of the nurses come in and give you a hard time just tell them Mia said it was alright and they can beep me if there are any problems.”
“Thank you very much.”
“Go and talk with your friend, he is anxious to see you.”
Leaving her at the room, I check on a few more patients before attending the eight o’clock Board meeting.
Entering, Dr. Davis is already in full swing trying to convince the Board members that the majority of funds procured should be earmarked to build a state of the art plastic surgery wing because the cost benefit analysis of his wing would yield greater profits as opposed to focusing the funds on a pediatric wing. 
I can’t believe were back to this again. He never stops. Bad enough he hitched his proposal to mine and the profits are being split, but trying to steal the lion’s share after so many people donated believing that it was for the benefit of assisting young patients, he has no scruples. As I sit, he stops short, glaring at me. He must have been hoping I would get tied up in surgery, but here I sit, once again to ruin his plans. Fighting to ignore his overtly long winded speech, I concentrate instead on finding the best way to approach a Board that is all about the bottom line. I jump up as inspiration hits me, race back to my office and grab last night’s checks from my locked drawer. Thankfully, he is finished and all eyes are on me. Placing a check in front of each of the board member, I splay the remaining ones out in the middle of the table.
“Ladies and gentleman, although my colleague makes a compelling argument for his endeavor, I believe that the bottom line is always key. Last evening I secured the checks before you because these individuals wanted to see our hospital expand to help children in need. They want to see our hospital committing resources to a wing which is specifically geared toward caring for the next generation. Children are not like adults, their ever changing physiology and psychology is quite different and needs to be addressed differently. Their needs must be addressed by those who are specifically trained to deal with the issues plaguing the younger generations and directly impact the manner in which they heal. These are the generations which will one day take this hospital into the ever growing and changing future. They are the generation that will ensure that this institution goes forward even after you and I are no longer here. They are also the hospital’s future benefactors that will ensure that it thrives long after this generation is gone. I’m not saying that the plastic surgery wing is unimportant it is, especially when it looks beyond those who are seeking reconstruction for beauty sake. It is essential even to helping young victims of a fire or accident that need to have their life put back in some form or normalcy. The funds you see before you now were procured for future generations and the continuation of this hospital. Our best hope of continuing on is to help those that will go on after us.” Stopping to take a breath, hoping not to sound sarcastic with what I propose next, my voice comes out strong and authoritative. “We need to ensure that neither wing suffers at the expense of the other. Last evening, even some of the hardest ones to reach into their wallets were touched by the idea of helping children and seeing programs dedicated to ensuring a thriving future. It can only be done, if we allow these wings to be equally important. Although the cost benefit analysis in the short term may differ, you need to look upon this over the longer haul. Helping the children now, ensures that there will be generations to come and take advantage of such esthetic surgery later. The patients who we serve now despite our battles with their insurance companies and not so lucrative bottom lines are those who will return in the future for elective self-pay surgeries which will also benefit the hospital in the future. We have two more benefits scheduled for next week and when I am asked if their potential contributions will go to benefit future generations, I would hate to have to inform those benefactors that only a small portion of their generosity will be utilized to help young children. I am not asking that this Board provide the majority of funds to the pediatric wing. I am however, begging that you do not allow short term profits to cloud your vision when determining how to meet the competing needs of these fine endeavors. I thank you for your time and hope that you will carefully consider what I have said.” Walking around the table, I pick up the checks before getting ready to depart.
Dr. Davis’s features turn colder with each step towards me. “That was quite an impressive speech.” He comments sarcastically. “A little heavy handed though, considering even you know that my wing will be much more profitable for this hospital. My clients pay, there is no insurance companies to hassle with, it’s cash up front. The hospital benefits, the patient is happy and it is my clientele who can afford to contribute to the future endeavors of this hospital, not children. I may have tacked my proposal on to yours, but my wing makes more sense, children can be treated in the main part of the hospital, they are really no different. A body in need of repair is the same whether fully grown or not.”
His pompous attitude makes me want to act like a child and stomp on his foot, but that would only hurt my cause. Taking in a deep breath, I fan the checks before me slowly. “Tell me Geoffrey how much money did you secure last evening? From my observation, you worked the room just as hard as I did.”
Although my sarcasm can never meet his, it at least does the trick as he turns on his heel and stomps out of the room. Hearing a stifled laugh behind me, I turn to see Dr. Michaels. “You will never stop getting under his skin you know.”
“If I keep going, he’ll have to give himself a body lift. The cost of that alone may pay for his wing.” I smile.
“You’re awful.”
“I know, but he is just too much.”
“You’re right, but be careful. He brings a significant amount of business in and his wife is very friendly with many of the Board Members and their spouses. If you push him too far, the recoil may hit you on the way back.”
“Thanks for the warning. I know you’re right. It’s just sometimes I can’t help myself. No one else is willing to put him in his place.”
“You’re not wrong, you just need to careful. By the way, Kelly wants to know if you’re free for dinner next week and if she could borrow that black dress you had on last evening for an affair that we have to attend next month.”
“Tell her yes and that she can keep the dress. Janet decided to get involved in my wardrobe again, it’s not my style, but I didn’t see it until fifteen minutes beforehand. I’m off Wednesday and Thursday, so let me know which day.”
“I’ll check with the boss and text you.”
Returning to my office, I need to expend some aggravated energy so I change and go for a run through Central Park before going home.
“I hear you riled Davis again.” Janet said as I leave.
“I didn’t do anything, but make my point.” Handing her the checks, “Make sure these get to funding. I will be back at three.”
“I put the guest list for the next two benefits in your pack.” 
After running what feels like a marathon, I duck into a bookstore. Knowing the Board only listened to me because of my little stunt with the checks which Geoffrey will take as my laying down the gauntlet, which he will now pick up and be only too happy to show me how much more skilled he is in beating me with it and turn into a war, I need pointers on how to influence people. Otherwise, I may end up with merely an oversized closet in the basement to treat patients. 
Chapter One - Pursuits

After showering and taking a power nap, I open my backpack to review the list. I groan as I instead find a file of articles on Mr. Taylor. Aggravated, I drop it on the coffee table, but then pick it up again realizing that it was Jonathan who secured the money. If I can get him behind this project, the Board will have to listen to reason. Flipping through the articles, maybe they will provide a clue as to how to approach him because I refuse to play games or let him think that something could come of us, despite my allowing him to escort me last evening. Skipping over the articles talking about what woman he was spotted with, I concentrate on his business dealings. From everything I read, he is involved internationally with business dealings and has a pristine reputation and good business sense. Coming across and article entitled businessman with a heart of gold, I sit back and read it carefully, surprised to learn that after having one of his employees arrested for stealing from his company by padding his overtime hours, he dropped the charges upon learning that the employee was stealing in order to pay for his son’s life saving medical care that was no longer covered. Jonathan not only dropped the charges, but he insured that all of the medical bills were covered and secured better medical coverage for his employees. Astounded by my luck, I jump up, shove the file in my back and run back to work, hoping to review the list before meeting with him.
Stepping into my office, Janet follows me smiling. “Please tell me the spring in your step is over your lunch date. Did you read the articles?”
“Yes I did. You are brilliant. If I can convince him to get behind this project, Dr. Davis may not have me in the closet after all. The articles are very helpful. I can’t thank you enough.”
Grabbing the list, I head for the cafeteria as she yells after me. “It wasn’t that kind of spark I was hoping for.” I am surprised to see him standing in a nicely decorated corner of the room. The table has a real tablecloth and china settings as well as another floral bouquet. “You’re early.” I approach him. “The table looks lovely, but you didn’t have to go through all this trouble.”
“It was no trouble at all.” He pulls out my chair. “Besides, I said I would meet you for lunch in the cafeteria, not that I would ingest the food they serve.” His eyes sparkle with humor. “You seemed to enjoy the rich food served last evening, so...” He lifts the cover laughing. 
Looking down, there is a fresh margarita pizza on my plate. I laugh. “Was I that obvious?”
“Only to someone who is trying to get to know you, dig in before it gets cold. Anthony’s on Fifth Street makes the best pizza you will ever taste.
Picking up a bottle, he is about to pour some in a wine glass and I place my hand up. “I can’t, I am going on duty shortly.”
He smiles widely and turns the bottle revealing sparkling cider. “So, Janet tells me that Dr. Davis is trying to convince the Board that supporting a bigger plastic surgery wing as opposed to splitting the money evenly would be more beneficial to the hospital.”
Dropping my fork, it clangs on the plate. “You spoke to Janet?” 
His expression turns unashamed. “Of course, how else will I get to know you? Since you are very taciturn, married to your work and very focused, my only other option is to inquire about you to a close colleague and friend.”
“Well I hope she didn’t bore you too much.”
“Mia, you are a very fascinating woman and from what I can discern, very skilled.”
“Thank you.” Seizing the opportunity, “I took the time to learn a little bit about you as well. A businessman with a heart of gold was extremely enlightening.”
From his expression, he seems pleased. “That was a long time ago and Mark is a good man, he just lost his way and needed some help finding it again.”
“Not many people would see it that way.” His attitude is impressive and hopefully reveals a soft spot. “Mr. Taylor, I...”
He interrupts me. “I thought we agreed that you would call me Jonathan.”
“Jonathan, you seem to understand the need to back good causes, to get behind the words which we spew every day, the pediatric wing is just such a cause. I know that a lot of physicians believe that children can be treated the same way medically as adults, but that’s not always the case. A good strong attitude and connections to those around them play a monumental role in the healing process. Not to mention with children’s ever changing physiological needs, the treatment and medicines must be adjusted always to meet such transformations. They need a staff that is not only medically equipped to deal with their special needs, but has the proper temperament to deal with their quick changing psychological needs. Children, especially young children, do not always understand what is going on in the same way as adults and are very frightened when they do.”
“Mia, you make a very compelling argument, but I’m already on board. You don’t have to convince me. I am here to help you. Take a breath and eat. Then we can go over the list and see who would be the best candidates to scope out. When is the next benefit scheduled for?”
“This Friday at seven o’clock, I know that you have a busy social schedule as well as business, if you could tell me the best people to speak with and give me some helpful hints, I would so appreciate it.” I take another bite.
“Don’t believe everything you read in the paper about me. The media loves to hype up my life. Every time I even speak to a woman, I read the next day that I’m deeply involved in hot new romance or that I have broken someone’s heart. I wish I had a life as interesting as the one I read about, but truly I’m more of a private person. I like to take the time to know people and build my relationships slowly. Like you, I am married to my work. Success in business, as in your field, takes hard work and commitment. If I led half the life I read myself having, I would never have time to get any work done.” He laughs and I cannot help but smile.
Reviewing the list, I’m surprised by how many he knows. Rising, “Thank you for the best lunch I have had in a long time and thank you for the flowers, they are lovely.”
“You are very welcome. How about you text me your address and I can pick you up and escort you to Friday’s benefit. I’m sure that we can secure at least as much as we did last evening.”
“Are you sure you have the time?”
“I will make the time. It is a very good cause and it will allow me to enjoy your company again.” He shakes my hand. “I will let you go to work and see you on Friday.”
Leaving, my mind is racing and I have a definite spring in my step thinking about how he can help make this project come to fruition. By nine o’clock I find myself in Jamie’s room. He’s up and troubled.
Examining him, he is healing nicely. Placing his chart back, I sit next to him. “You look upset, what’s wrong?” 
He forces a smile. “I thought you were a doctor, not a psychiatrist.” He replies softly.
“Oh, I don’t claim to know how the human mind works.” I laugh. “Sometimes, I’m not even sure where my own mind is going, but I can be a good listener and you look like you could use a neutral ear.” 
“It’s my mom. I tried talking to her about Kathleen and she went ballistic, carrying on about how she is nothing but trouble now and that she won’t let her near this room or me again.”
“She’s just upset right now. I know that you were the one shot, but try to see it from your mother’s perspective. She loves you. I bet that the sun rises and sets upon her children and she was terrified that she was going to lose you. You are not the only one with scars from this event. You are not the only one who needs time to heal. While you were being rushed to the hospital, your mother was getting a call or visit from the police notifying her that you were shot. They probably couldn’t tell her any more than that. Without even knowing what she was doing, she rushed here worrying and wondering if you were alive or dead. Her whole world was crashing down around her because of something she had no control over. She was terrified when she walked through these doors a staff member would tell her something that she couldn’t handle hearing. Although she is relieved beyond words to see that you are stable and that you will heal, you need to give her time to get past hear fears. She is just looking for someone to lash out at; someone to unleash all of the energy which built inside her worrying about you; and unfortunately her target is Kathleen.”
“But it should by Tyler. He is the one who shot me.”
“I understand that, but all your mom knows is that yesterday you went to help a friend and the situation the friend got you into caused you harm.”
“I guess I can understand that a little, but Kathleen and I have been friends since we were in diapers. She is my best friend. We were all fooled by Tyler. He seemed cool and mature, she would have never fallen for someone as bad or crazy as he is, but he was so slick and new all the right things to say and do to fool her.”
“Sometimes it’s hard for us to see the signs when someone is trouble, especially when we are young. That’s why people shouldn’t be so quick to jump into relationships or move in with people.” I stop. “I’m sorry. I forget that this is a whole new generation with new ideas about relationships.”
“Don’t be sorry. I told Kathleen the same thing. I thought she should get involved with someone she knew better, someone who was a friend first.”
By his tone, I knew he meant himself. “You like her, don’t you?”
“She’s an awesome person, so smart and funny. She wants to be a doctor someday too, but a psychiatrist. In fact, she got accepted to the pre-med program.”
“That’s wonderful. Hopefully, she won’t let this experience interfere with her studies. If you would like, I can try to speak with your mother tomorrow and see if I can change her mind about allowing Kathleen to come visit you?”
“You would do that?” He seems surprised.
“I’m here anyway and sometimes hearing it from someone who isn’t directly involved can help.”
“Thanks doc”
“You’re welcome. I’ll come by around four.” Rising, I head toward the door.
“Doc”
“Yes.”
“You could have been a psychiatrist too. You sound like one.”
I laugh. “I’ll keep that in mind in case this gig falls through.” He laughs as I exit.
The rest of the night is fairly quiet, only two broken legs to set and one fairly deep cut to suture so I begin reading the book I purchased. Although Jonathan agreed to help me, some pointers to improve myself can’t hurt, especially since Dr. Davis and his wife are much better at finesse than I am.
The next evening, I meet Janet for what I think will be drinks with her and Max, before I have to shop for another dress. My mouth falls open when Max’s friend Scott shows up. Dragging Janet into the bathroom, I am apoplectic. “Why are you doing this to me?”
“To shake up your boring existence, we are only a few friends having drinks together, nothing more so don’t go crazy on me.”
“I’m not staying. I have a dress to buy.”
“Just stay for one drink and then we can go together. Max can’t stay tonight anyway, she is going out and he has to watch the children.”
“One drink and you may want to tell Scott that if he is going to do something like this again, he may want to remove his wedding ring before he shakes the girl’s hand.”
“Mia, don’t take that tone. Scott is a really good guy. He doesn’t have any idea what I told you. I just knew that you would never come and actually talk to one of Max’s friends that is looking for a relationship and I was afraid that if one of them actually came, you would never come out with us again, so Max and I figured if you thought there was no possibility that anything would happen, maybe you would at least come out and strike up a conversation. In fact, Scott thought he was just having a drink with Max before taking his wife to a Broadway show. He is just killing time waiting for her to arrive. So why not at least practice being social with him, it couldn’t hurt and may even help you.”
“Actually knowing he is waiting for his wife does make me feel better, but I can only stay for one drink, I have to get to the second hand store before it closes.”
“Can I ask a crazy question? Why do you buy your dresses there? I mean you are in one of the best cities to get designer clothes and you go there.”
“I go there because I am not interested in the dress, besides they donate the proceeds to the woman’s shelter and with the money I don’t spend on a designer dress that I’ll never wear again because I hate going places, I can buy items that we would not otherwise have in the hospital.”
She smiles. “Do you mean the plush toys that seem to appear when the younger patients are sleeping or the sweet treats that the cafeteria can’t explain popping up on the patient trays?”
“Come on, let’s get that drink and then you can help me find something appropriate to wear, but nothing like what you sent my way the last time.”
“I thought it was very appropriate and looking at the amount of those checks you had me forward, it obviously inspired Jonathan to come to your aid.”
“You are seriously incorrigible.” I nudge her as we exit.
Janet is right, Scott is very pleasant, but his wife, Samantha is amazing. She knows so much about art and recently purchased two pieces from a collection of an up and coming artist whose exhibition I went to. “I purchased an oil painting of a dimly lit cabin in the woods from that exhibit. The minute I saw if, I felt as if I could step right into the picture and feel the surroundings, so much so that I couldn’t tear my eyes off it.”
“His works are the new hottest commodity. Everyone wants to meet him, by Salvatore won’t reveal who he is.” She sips her Sauvignon. 
“Maybe Salvatore is keeping his existence a secret because that makes his paintings more intriguing.”
“I never thought of it that way, but I think his art speaks enough to you that even if he is some old man who paints on the beach, you would still be compelled to purchase his works.”
“I agree with you. There is something so comforting about his work, so beautiful.”
“I would love the opportunity to see your piece.”
Writing down my address, I hand her the paper. “This is where I live and my phone number, call me.” 
Glancing at her watch, she laughs and turns to Scott. “So much for my meeting you early, we better grab a cab or we will be late.” Shaking my hand, “It was really nice to meet a fellow art lover, Scott doesn’t care too much for it so even though he tries to listen attentively when I talk, I know that I’m really boring him especially when I catch him rolling his eyes.” She nudges him in the shoulder and he laughs.
“Well anytime you want to talk art, please feel free to use that number, I love to be turned on to new artists or new pieces that I may have missed.”
“I’ll do that.”
At the shop, I try to force myself to look through the racks, reminding myself that at least the money goes to a good place, but this just isn’t me. Coming across one dress, when I step out of the fitting room, Janet shakes her head. “My grandmother dresses better than that and she is eighty-eight. You can still look dignified in something from this century, you know.” She remarks snarky. “Dr. Davis and his wife will be dressed in the newest fashion. You need to do better Mia. I’ll get you something else.”
After passing me several risky dresses which I wouldn’t be caught dead in and would probably need to be dead for at least six months to fit into properly, she finally hands me a maroon dress with crochet halter top and satin bottom. Looking in the mirror, I’m relieved that it is not low cut and there are no high slits. Staring into the mirror, there is something familiar about it, but not quite. Shaking off the feeling, I am relieved that at least it’s plain and elegant. Stepping out, Janet smiles. “You’ll take his breath away.” 
As she says this, I have the strangest sense of déjà vu. “I’m not trying to take anyone’s breath away, but I do like the dress.” 
Finally settling in, I try to read a little more, but my eyes drift to the painting. Knowing artists always sign their paintings, I look for their signature, but see nothing. Taking if from the wall, I remove the frame and finally see a small ‘W’ in the grassy undergrowth. Placing it back, my thoughts drift to the cabin and a restful sleep.
The next day, is chaos. A school bus accident floods our emergency room with numerous broken arms, concussions and lacerations. By the time the last victim is released or assigned a room for observation, it is seven fifty-five. I rush to Jamie’s room, but he is alone. “I’m sorry I didn’t come earlier, there was an emergency. Did your mother leave?”
“No, she’s just down in the kitchen getting me some ginger ale. How bad were the children on the bus hurt?”
“There are some broken bones and cuts that needed stitches, but considering how bad the crash was, they are very lucky.”
Jamie’s mother enters and smiles at me. “How’s he doing?”
“He is on the road to recovery and may even be ready to go home the day after tomorrow.”
“That’s wonderful news. Dr. Angelis, I want to thank you for everything you did to save Jamie.”
“Mrs. Parkson if you are not in a rush to get home can I buy you a cup of coffee in the cafeteria?”
Her features turn confused, but she kisses Jamie goodnight and then turns to me. “I have some time.”
Grabbing two coffees, I can see she is becoming anxious. “Is there something wrong with Jamie, that you didn’t want to say in front of him?” 
“No physically the surgery went very well and he will recover from the gunshot wounds, but he is extremely anxious over your reaction regarding Kathleen.
“She is the one who got my son shot. He doesn’t ever have to be anxious about my reaction to her because she will never be near him again or my family.” She is practically shouting.
“Mrs. Parkson please calm down. I can understand how upset you are considering what you have been through over the past few days. I can’t even begin to understand the fear that you must have been going through not knowing whether your son was going to make it past the next minute, while he was struggling to make sure he came back to you. He is a very strong willed individual, they lost him in the ambulance and we lost him again on the table, but he refused to leave this life and the people who mean so much to him. You gave him that strength, the will to live and fight. His being here is not a credit to my skill, but to you and the love of life which you instilled in him. That is not all that you gave him though, your teachings also provided him with a unique understanding and loving heart, one that forgives. He spoke to me about what happened and he doesn’t blame Kathleen. She is not the one who pulled the trigger. She never wanted him hurt. Your son went to help her because he cares for her. She is a thread in his life, an important one, one that helps tie him here and one that will help him heal. She is not dangerous to him, she was deceived and would have been lost without your son’s help, but now he needs her help. He tells me that they have been friends since infancy, he doesn’t want his best friend and mother fighting and his constant worrying over this will impede his progress. You have raised a fine young man who went to help his friend and met with an unfortunate result, but his physical wounds will heal. He jumped in front of her so that she wouldn’t be lost. Don’t let your desire to protect him cause him to lose her because that will impair the healing of his psychological scars that stem from this event and they already take longer to heal.”
Sitting silently, I know she is considering my words. “Would you answer something for me?”
“What’s on your mind?”
“Was she here yesterday?”
“Yes. Why?”
“A feeling I had. He’s always different when she is around, happy.”
“She cares for him, but doesn’t want to upset you. Neither of them do. Friendship and belonging can go a long way for both of them to heal.”
“I appreciate all the time you have taken for him and to plead his case.” 
“I have to get back to the patients, but thank you for hearing me out.” I rise and make my final rounds before leaving. 
Jamie is extremely anxious when I return. “I spoke to your mother, and she did listen. She promised me that she would consider what we discussed. Give her a little time and try to relax, all this anxiety is not good and will interfere with your body trying to heal its injuries.”
“Thanks again doc for everything.”
I return to my office to update the records, not wanting to leave it for tomorrow. I see myself in the maroon dress but then the style shifts as I am dancing in a dimly lit room, the music is soft and the smell of blooming blossoms fill the air. I’m smiling and my heart is pounding. I am in the arms of a dark suited man, but when I look up, there is a fog between us clouding his features. The next thing I know, someone is shaking me and I smell very strong coffee. “I see you slept here again last night. Why do you even keep an apartment when you are always here?” Janet snickers. “How sore are you, do you need some ibuprofen?”
Standing up, I am extremely sore. “Maybe a few”
She continues talking as she grabs some from her desk. “You could have at least crashed on your couch.” She hands me the pills.
“I wasn’t going to crash here at all, it just happened.”
“Will you at least be able to go back to your apartment and get ready for the benefit tonight or should I send someone over to pick up your dress?”
“It depends, if today is as hectic as yesterday, you may have to have someone pick it up for me.” Looking down at my watch, “I have a consult with Dr. D’Angelo in five minutes.” “Who needs plastic surgery?” She inquires following me down the hall and handing me my coffee.
“A little girl from the bus crash yesterday”
“I don’t remember seeing anyone who seemed that bad off.”
“We didn’t treat her, Dr. Peterson did. He called me last night about looking in on her. She was near a window when the bus flipped and it shattered. She has a laceration on the side of her face running from the temple to her chin. I called Dr. D’Angelo at home asking for his help.”
“Let me guess, she doesn’t have insurance.” She stares at me. 
I put my hand to my nose. “I didn’t want to hear the speech from Davis again regarding hospital policy about elective surgery when someone is uninsured, so I called Paul and asked him if he could assess the patient. Cover for me for about fifteen minutes. I’m supposed to be on the second floor starting rounds.” 
We split at the elevator as I duck into room twelve. Paul is already there. As he re-bandages the wound, her mother inquires “Will the scar heal?”
“She is doing very well. If you’ll excuse me, I have to consult with Dr. Angelis.” He moves towards me and then out of the room before we duck into his office.
“So how does it look?” In inquire while shutting the door.
“You were right, that will definitely require surgery. It is not just a laceration, another inch and it would have also affected the muscles around the mouth. She is very lucky.”
“How many surgeries?”
“You lucked out this time Mia I should be able to do it in one.”
“Good, then get her scheduled as soon as possible and I’ll make sure it is covered.”
He smiles at me. “You know if you keep using Alexander’s insurance like this, there will be nothing left.”
“That’s fine. I can’t think of a better use of the money, can you?”
“Are you sure this is something you want to keep doing?”
“Just make sure no one gets wind of this alright.”
“You’re not committing a crime you know, maybe if people knew it would even boost contributions to your wing. Just think of the publicity you could generate. I can see the headline. ‘Local physician puts money where her mouth is and provides for needy children. I bet you would get the donations pouring in.”
“I’m not doing it for publicity and I don’t want people knowing. Even with all your help and doing everything at cost, I don’t know how long the money will last, and truthfully, I couldn’t stand the thought that people would seek me out to help them and I couldn’t, it would break my heart.”
“Mia, I always knew you weren’t doing it for publicity, but even if your private bank ran out, just think about how you could continue to help children if your wing is completed and has the most proficient staff and up to date equipment rather than the Board supporting Davis and his wife’s vision.”
“You sound like you don’t like your boss.” I laugh.
“I admire his skill, that’s why I’m here, but his attitude could use a little work. Mia, be careful, he has something up his sleeve. He wants his wing to shine like no other in this city and that is a tall order. I’m sure that he and his wife have had every Board member over to their mansion for dinner in the last month trying to convince them that your vision will only cost the hospital money if your wing is as large as the plastic surgery wing. I also hear they are trying to get the name changed.”
“Thanks for the warning Paul and your help, but this is my baby and he will have one hell of a fight on his hands if he thinks that I will let the pediatric wing suffer or for the name to change. Thank you again for your help with Stacey.”
“No problem, that’s what I got into this business for in the first place. I want to help accident victims reclaim their lives.”
“I’ll see you later. They are expecting me on two.”
Thankfully, the day is fairly routine and I even have time to review the projected budgets of each wing. As much as I stare at the pediatric budget, I cannot get the numbers to do more than yield a minuscule profit, while the projected profits for the plastic surgery wing are astounding. I knew that the costs associated with wing and securing chemotherapy treatment and the newest equipment would be phenomenal, but I need a way to come up with a better margin if I want the Board to go forward with my proposal. “Ugh! He’s going to win. I’ll never meet his bottom line.” My forehead hits the top of my desk. “This is hopeless.”
Unbeknownst to me, someone opens my door. “Nothing can be that hopeless. What’s wrong?” 
I recognize the voice, but cannot understand why he is here. Has that much time escaped me? Picking my head up, I’m relieved to see I still have a few hours before the benefit. “Jonathan, what are you doing here?”
“I had a business meeting across the street and am hoping to interest you in a cup of coffee. So what is hopeless?”
“I was just going over the projected budget, hoping that my numbers would be better.”
“Start up costs for any new endeavor can be very overwhelming, the trick is to try and stagger the influx of equipment so that the numbers can absorb the purchases.” He walks around my desk and reaches for my papers and puts them in his brief case. 
“What are you doing?”
“I know that you still have shift until an hour before the benefit and I’m sure that you would much rather be helping patients than pouring over the numbers which you can’t change by staring at them and wishing it so.”
My widening eyes shoot up to his. “How did you know that is what I was doing?”
“Because that is what I did for three days when I embarked on my first business endeavor and no matter how many times I stared at the figures, they didn’t change, at least not permanently.” He laughs.
“What’s so funny?”
“I was just remembering that if you stare at the figures at about three a.m. they do tend to blur together and you can get so delirious from lack of sleep that you think it is working, but in the morning, when reality strikes again, it makes you feel even worse.
Now I’m laughing. 
“I have a proposition for you.”
“What might that be?” I inquire curiously.
“Come and have a cup of coffee with me and I will review your budget. I have another meeting about forty-five minutes out of town and I can look at the figures in the car, coming and going.
“I’m sure that you could use that time to get ready for your meeting, instead of going over a hopeless budget. I can’t ask you to do that.”
“You are not asking, I’m offering and no offense, but you look like you could use a cup of coffee and something to eat. You’re eyes are drooping and that may not be what you want tonight as you’re talking to people. What happened, did you sleep here last night? I ran into Janet and she told me about the bus accident you dealt with yesterday.”
“I did sleep here.” I rise.
“Well, then let’s get you the strongest coffee they serve and something healthy to eat so you will be at your best tonight.” 
As we sit in the cafeteria, I realize he didn’t get anything to eat. “Aren’t you hungry?”
“The meeting I came from was over lunch, but I do have a question for you.” I look at him waiting. “How do you drink this sludge?”
“Are you kidding, coffee is the most comforting and useful drink. Not to mention, today is one of our better coffees.” I laugh, but feel strange, like I had a similar conversation before in my dreams.
“One day you will have to let me buy you a real cup of coffee.”
Although I appreciate his help, I do not want to encourage him. “You have already bought me two.”
He smiles. “Are you ever going to agree to an encounter with me outside of the hospital or a hospital related event?”
I lean across the table. “Jonathan, you seem like a genuinely nice guy. I’m sure that there are so many women who would love to have you shower attention on them and who would respond in kind, but I’m so focused on this project and in truth, I have developed tunnel vision in my life with my job and this project which doesn’t leave time for much else.”
“Mia, don’t you really mean that you’re hiding from your life since the death of your husband.”
His candidness stuns me and his features turn concerned at my silence. “I didn’t mean to offend you, it’s just that I watched you the other night interacting with the people and you seemed detached. In fact, the moment that one of your colleagues broke through your barrier, even slightly, you politely excused yourself, as if you were afraid to allow them to tear down the steel wall that you built around you. Look, I don’t mean to offend you and I am not saying it so that you will allow me to be the one to tear down the wall, I’m saying it so that you don’t completely waste your future. You are a young woman who needs to look beyond the past so that you can forge a bright future. A future that could be filled with a life beyond what you knew before. I’m not saying that what happened to you wasn’t a tragedy, but did you ever think that maybe fate had something else for you to embrace, something beyond the life you were living?”
I can feel the unshed tears catching in my throat. “I loved my life. If it wasn’t for someone who had such a disregard for it, I would still be living it.”
“But Mia, look at what your tragedy sparked. You are meant to move beyond that life and stop putting up these unbelievable roadblocks to stop your moving forward. I’m sure that this would not be what you would be doing if your old life had not ended.”
Looking down at my watch, I can’t believe we have been sitting for half an hour. “You’re going to be late and I have to get back to the patients.”
Rising, I turn but he grabs my hand briefly. “I hope my candidness didn’t offend you. It’s just that I spent my life reading people and sometimes I speak out of turn.”
“You didn’t offend me. In fact, you hit it pretty much on the head. I do run away or drive people away if they get too close. I’ll see you at the benefit, you need to work and I need to see some patients.”
Walking down the hall, my head is reeling from our conversation and I wonder if I would have thought of and worked so hard on this project if Alexander hadn’t died or if I would have just continued on in our existence, loving him, but just working, not really striving to do something to touch the lives of others. I’m unaware that Janet is talking to me until she grabs me, stopping me mid-step.
“What has you so preoccupied?”
“Jonathan just hit me with a dose of truth. Janet, do you think I would have started this project if Alex was still alive?”
Her hesitation tells me everything I need to know. I continue walking down the hall and she stops me again. “Mia, I didn’t mean anything by it. It is not a bad thing that you may not have started this project. You were happy, you were planning your own life, both of you working and thinking about starting a family. You wanted children, you wanted a full life. Maybe this project would have come later. What got you started on this path?”
“I was just having coffee with Jonathan and he was talking about my failing to look at the bigger picture, he said that maybe Alex’s death was fate trying to push me into a bigger direction.”
“Well that’s pretty harsh. I’m surprised that he would have the gall.”
“He does seem to speak his mind.”
“So how offended are you? Did you tell him to mind his own business and will you be coming with me to the benefit again tonight?”
“I am coming with you, but not because I’m offended. He has a meeting and will meet me there because I am going to work here until it’s time to go, so if you could have someone go and pick up my dress that would be great. I lost a lot of time looking over the budgets and want to finish up the patient paperwork. Besides, I can’t be offended by him because he spoke his mind, he is entitled to his opinion and it’s not like we are dating or anything. He is just very helpful in securing donations for this project and his response was a shot back at me when I shut him down for coffee outside of the hospital. As much as I would like to be offended and angry, I think he was just trying to put a different spin on a tragic situation and wake me up to help me look beyond the question of why me.”
She stops dead in her tracks, her features momentarily frozen. “I have to give him credit. His shock approach may be actually reaching you in a way that the rest of us who have spent years trying to make you engage in your life, can’t. Maybe his candidness appeals to you and as someone who didn’t know you before he is better able to see who you are trying to be now. He may be better for you than you realize, don’t be so fast to dismiss him. He is the first person whose dialogue you have even considered.”
“I listen to you.” I retort.
“Yes, but have you heard me? You claim you heard Alex, but still you ignore his pleas and wish for you to move beyond the pain of losing him and re-engage in your life. I’m not saying that it is easy and that the pain of losing him didn’t engulf you, but it has been three years, and you are still young.”
“Alright, Janet, I can’t do this now. I need to see patients, finish the paperwork and you need to find someone to get my dress. I have to go.” Shutting her out, all I can see before me now is the last moments of my happy existence being extinguished and losing the one who made me whole. Stepping forward, I gasp as I realize I can no longer see his face in my thoughts. The weight of what Alex requested of me and Jonathan’s candidness about my life now is overwhelming. Finishing with the last patient, I run to the roof deck, desperate to breathe, but there is no escape from my thoughts. Despite the cool air, I can’t breathe, even outside, I can still feel the walls closing in on me. Sinking to the ground with my back against the wall, I pull my legs tightly up towards my chest and drop my head onto my knee caps. The home invasion flashes across my mind, but is now overshadowed by fog, then darkness and is somehow mixing with a fight I do not recognize. It can’t be from a movie I saw. I don’t even remember watching television in the last few months and I can see myself running, but am I running toward Alex’s attacker or away from something. The confusing vision becomes even more overwhelming as Jonathan’s brazen speech rings in my ears. My breathing becomes erratic as my mind spins my present with what could have been, turning everything fuzzy.
Finally forcing a breath of fresh air into my pounding chest, I can feel time ticking away. I haven’t even gotten to the paperwork and now it is too late. I’ll have to return after the benefit and complete it. Rising, I laugh, maybe it is fate trying to tell me that my life is within these four walls only and Jonathan is absolutely wrong that I should be getting a life. I laugh even harder. Maybe I would consider it a sign if I believed in fate at all, but I don’t. I believe in hard work and doing something to leave behind when this existence is over because this is all we have. My hands wipe my face as I feel the tears rolling down my cheeks. Flying down the stairs, I barely have enough time to shower and change knowing Janet wants to make cocktail hour which will be my best opportunity to speak to people and get donations. Dinner is much harder because people want to enjoy their meals and I really don’t want to stick around for the dancing portion. Maybe if I had to leave early, Jonathan can find a nice dancing partner and someone else to shower attention upon.
Janet has already secured a cab when I exit. “I was almost ready to leave without you.”
“I’m sorry, I got delayed.” While stopped at a red light, another cab pulls past us, running the light and is hit by a pickup truck. The cab flips over. Jumping out of our cab, I run toward the other one as three men run from the corner restaurant. Smoke rises from the crumpled mess and I cannot wrench open the door. One gentleman grabs my hand. “Ma’am please move. I’m a firefighter.” He tugs at the door and then calls to the other two. “Find something that I can use to break the window. He moves quickly to the back. Another man pulls the pickup driver from his truck. The firefighter before me pulls out a young girl who is crying and whose arm I can see is broken.
Grabbing her, I move her away from the smoking vehicle and Janet comes over to me. “Is the ambulance on the way?” 
“It should be here momentarily.”
The other two men return. The cab is now engulfed and I hear quickening orders being shouted between them. They finally pull the woman from the vehicle. She is limp in the fireman’s arms and appears non-responsive. Jumping up, I hand the little girl to Janet and move towards the mother. 
“She’s not breathing.” He puts her down and begins compression as I begin breathing. By his third compression, I notice blood in her mouth. We are in trouble. I could hear the ambulance in the background. 
I yell to Janet. “I need a pen, knife and alcohol, now.”
She instructs our cabbie who returns immediately with the items. Sterilizing the knife, I put a slit into the nape of the neck, and pushed the pen casing through the muscle and began breathing through the tube as the compressions continued. The ambulance is finally here and we move her quickly to the gurney. Janet hands the driver the daughter. I can see the cabbie being moved to the other ambulance, he appears to have suffered burns and the pick-up driver looks shaken, but not in immediate need of assistance. In the ambulance, I call out to Janet. “Go to the benefit and get Dr. Michaels to cover for me.” 
We’re off. Arriving, my team is already in place. Janet must have called ahead. I head directly into surgery. I cannot believe the internal damage. I knew that the impact looked bad, but it must have been worse than I thought. Her heart stops beating for the second time and Dr. Stevens is ready to call it, but I refuse to give up. I couldn’t let that child grow up without a mother. We finally get a weak heartbeat. Finishing the surgery, everything is now in her hands. She is going to have to fight with everything she has to stay. Her heartbeats are weak and erratic. I settle her in recovery before going to check on the others involved. Reaching the little girl’s room, her grandparents are with her, trying to comfort her. 
The older gentleman looks at me, moving toward me. “Do you know how my daughter is doing?” He inquires quietly and moving toward the door, probably not wanting the little girl to hear.
“We operated and stopped the internal bleeding. It is still touch and go. She is very weak. The next twenty-four hours will give us a better idea.”
“Can I see her?”
“She’s in recovery now, but I can take you in for a minute.” Entering, I see the fear in his eyes as he scans all of the machinery surrounding her.” He turns to me. “Doctor” His eyes shift, searching for my name tag.
“It’s Mia.”
“Mia, please do everything that you can to save Laurel. She is our only child and all Marie has.”
“I will do all I can.”
“Thank you. I should get back to Marie and let my wife know what is going on.” He leaves and I sit next to Laurel. Looking down at watch, I hadn’t realized that only four hours passed. Surgery felt as if it was much longer. 
McKenna approaches me with a cup of coffee. “Mia, here, you look like you could really use this and there are two police officers waiting in your office. They need to get some information from you. I’m on duty tonight so when you’re done with them try to get some rest, I’ll come and get you if there is any change.”
Walking down the hall, I feel detached from myself, my mind wandering, but to somewhere I just can’t see. Entering, two men in suits are standing in front of my desk. “Good evening gentlemen, I heard you were looking for me.”
They turn and the taller glances at his notebook before addressing me. “Dr. Angelis, I’m Officer Blackstone and this is officer Fenton. We were wondering what you could tell us about your observations regarding the accident.”
Moving behind my desk, I sit. “Please sit down. I was in a cab stopped at the intersection on Fifth Street at a red light. We were probably the second or third car in. The cab that got hit passed us and ran the light. The next thing I saw was a black pickup truck come from the right side and hit it. The cab flipped over and then there was smoke. There were three men that were running toward the vehicle who helped out the passengers in the cab as others were helping the driver and passenger of the black truck. I was focused on Laurel and Marie after they were removed from the cab.”
“Would you say that the cab or truck was speeding?”
“I couldn’t really say and then I became focused on the potential patients, not really what was occurring.”
Officer Blackstone hands me a card. “If you think of anything else, please call me at that number. Thank you for your time.”
As they leave, I rest my head on the back of the chair, feeling the long day and closing my eyes while still sipping the coffee. 
I’m surprised as the accident plays over and over in my mind. First it is very slow. I can even see the taxi driver as he passes to my right, his head is down. Tail lights are now before me and I can hear someone talking, but not really what they are saying as an awful crunching noise fills the car. For the briefest of moments I feel pain in my leg, but I don’t wake up. Smoke overtakes my senses and I can feel fear like I have never experienced before. On some subconscious level, I realize I am no longer seeing the accident that occurred tonight I am seeing the New Year’s Eve accident that took the life of Katrina, David and their unborn twins. 
As my eyes flutter open, I realize that despite seeing this horrific scene before, this is the first time I ever felt actual pain in my leg. I am glad to see the coffee is on my desk and that I’m not wearing it. Although I can understand how tonight accident being similar to hers has triggered my dream, I can’t figure out why it would trigger pain or how it could trigger such detail, despite being told from a friend in the psychiatric department here that the dreams came because of some sort of twin connection. Although I knew she was probably right, it still leaves me with such a strange feeling as if I am experiencing it myself and then to see so many different endings and so many blurry figures fly past me makes me feel as if there is something more. I’m pulled from my introspection as I realize someone is standing in the doorway.
“Bad dream?” He inquires stepping inside holding a shopping bag, which from the delicious smells wafting through my office, contains something very tasty. Placing the bag on a chair, he proceeds to pile some files to the side of my desk and then comes around and places a cloth napkin on my lap. “Janet told me what happened. How is the woman in the cab?” He inquires as he places another cloth napkin on my desk and several containers.
“The next twenty-four hours is crucial. We won’t really know until then. I lost her a few times on the table, but I’m hopeful that she will pull through because I got the impression that Laurel is the only parent for her young daughter and the grandparents are quite elderly.”
He places a cup of coffee on the table which smells wonderful and rich, while he opens the other containers. Looking up, I wonder if I am suffering from sleep deprivation, his features twist in a way that cannot be real and I swear his eyes turn ice blue for a moment. “I hope that she pulls through for her daughter, it is quite traumatic for a child to lose a parent.” His voice trails off and he appears to be mumbling to himself, but his words don’t make sense. “Especially if all they have left is someone who will lead them down the wrong road, it can be an unending torture and when you finally wake up, you realize that everything you believe in is wrong but you can’t recover from what you did or change it because you don’t know any other way.” 
Shaking my head, I must be hearing things, but as my eyes meet his, I can’t help but wonder if I did hear him and if something like that happened to him. He stops short. “I’m sorry, I’m talking nonsense. You should eat, it’s still warm.”
“I’m sorry I ran out on you this evening, but I just couldn’t leave the surgery to someone else. I was there and ...”
“Please don’t apologize, I can understand perfectly. Your work is very important to you and you couldn’t leave knowing someone needed your help. I wouldn’t have expected anything less.”
“I was hoping that when Janet told you I wouldn’t be making it, that you would have had an opportunity to meet someone there and have a good evening. I know that those affairs are always filled with wonderful socialites whom I’m sure travel within your circles.”
Sitting across from me, he smirks. “Eat. Tonight, the food was quite good. The cook prepared this right before I left. You’re right, there were plenty of socialites there this evening, but I wasn’t interested in socializing with them on any level outside of the benefit. Mia, you don’t understand, those in the circles that I travel are very predictable and I already know the direction that they are heading. I have no interest in helping them get there. They will do that on their own. I was however interested in speaking to them this evening to secure these.” Pulling an envelope from his inner suit jacket, he places it before me.
“What’s this?”
“Just because you deserted me this evening” He teases “doesn’t mean I wasn’t going to keep to my word and work the room. I know how important what your doing is to you.”
Looking through the checks, my mind must be calculating the amounts wrong. “This can’t be right.”
“It is. You did the math correctly.” He smiles.
“There’s almost a million dollars here!”
“Yes, there were more people at this benefit and they were enamored with helping a cause for a physician who jumped out of a cab to help rescue accident victims and wouldn’t leave them until she knew they were alright. They figured someone that dedicated would really get behind their own project and wouldn’t leave it after it just got up and running. Although the accident was a terrible event, your dedication to your patients was all the donors spoke of all evening. Not showing up left Dr. Davis speechless, thwarting whatever plans he had this evening because there was no way he could bad mouth you while you were saving a life.”
Nibbling on some asparagus, “This is very good. Thank you for bringing it to me and for working the room.”
He laughs. “I couldn’t help myself, the look on Dr. Davis’ face when he finally had to shut up about you being late and the idea that you may now let me take you to dinner since this doesn’t really count for the dinner that you agreed to have with me, was just too enticing to resist.”
Although he is wonderful for working the room for me, it doesn’t change my desire not to start anything. I try distracting him, hoping to give myself time to come up with a compromise which might allow us to eat dinner, but nothing romantic or misleading. “So Dr. Davis was really bad mouthing me again?”
“He and his wife kept trying to convince the Board that since you could not manage your own schedule sufficiently enough to show up on time, you are obviously ill equipped to head up an entire wing where scheduling and managing time is essential to the efficient running of a hospital.”
“He just never gives up.” I mumble more to myself.
“I think that you are trying to avoid my original question, Dr. Angelis, are you going to allow me to take you to dinner to make up for you deserting me this evening?”
“No, I’m going to take you to dinner, if you are free this Thursday.”
“I am, but I would much prefer to surprise you with this great little restaurant I know.”
I adjust my tone, hoping to sound upbeat and appease him while ensuring that nothing could get misinterpreted. “Well you’re going to have to settle for some really good home cooking. My colleague Dr. Michaels invited me to his house and I would love it if you would come with me.”
“I did meet Dr. Michaels and his wife this evening. They were sitting at the table, just text me the time. May I at least pick you up at your house?”
‘Sure.” Just then my beeper vibrates. Looking down, I become anxious, it’s Laurel. Rising, I rush toward the door. “Thank you again, its Laurel.” Entering recovery, her monitor indicates her pressure is dropping and her heart rate is extremely erratic. “Start another drip and call Dr. Devers for a consult.”
After going over the procedure, examining Laurel, and running additional tests, we discover a small subdural hematoma. Although the surgery is grueling after such a long day, by the time we return her to recovery, her heart rate and pulse are strong.
Chapter Two - An Unnerving Night

Thursday evening rolls around quicker than expected. Calling Kelly, she is surprised that I want to bring Jonathan, but is very cordial and had even spoken to him through most of dinner.
Dressing in my jeans and long sleeve white shirt, I’m thankful I don’t have to dress to impress. He is extremely punctual, ringing my bell at exactly 6:30 p.m., but I am surprised to see him in a suit toting a garment bag over his shoulder. “I’m really sorry to ask, but would you mind if I made a quick change in your bathroom. I was called away unexpectedly on business and my flight just arrived an hour ago. I knew if I tried to stop at home, I would have been terribly late and I hate trying to dress in those cramped airplane lavatories.” 
I cannot help but giggle as an image of him trying to dress in such a cramped space considering how tall and muscular he is comes to mind. “Please come in, the bathroom is the second door on your right.”
Walking into the kitchen, I pour a cold drink, but continue speaking. “I hope you didn’t rush back from business on account of this dinner, you could have called and cancelled. I would have understood.” I would have been relieved actually. Putting back the mineral water, I turn and his close proximity startles me.
“I couldn’t risk missing the opportunity to have dinner with you outside of a benefit. You may never have given me a second chance.” Looking up and handing him a glass, it appears that he slipped on a pair of jeans, removed his suit jacket and opened up his white business shirt to appear casual. I can’t stop my escaping giggle. “What’s so funny?” 
“We look like twins.” 
He laughs, takes a sip and rinses out the glass. “We should go; I would hate to cause you to be late.”
“That’s fine, everyone tells me at least a half an hour earlier than they expect me because I have always been chronically late for everything.” Walking outside, I expect to hail a cab, but he has a car and driver waiting for us. 
Sliding in, he slides a little too close next to me. “How did you business trip go? Have you secured the partnership you were seeking or did this trip involve another deal?”
“I am still working on the partnership deal that we previously spoke of, this colleague appears to be well guarded, but I’m sure with a little work, I can finally get them to commit. My trip today was more of a personal favor to see if I could help an old friend secure his position in the world.”
“I hope it worked out well for you and your friend.”
“It’s coming along. We just need to do a little more research regarding the approach necessary to master his coming out of the background. It’s very difficult sometimes to breakout into the forefront of innovations when you don’t have all of the information and others try to hamper progress.”
“Do you run into a lot of roadblocks such as those when you try to engage in new business or have you mainly kept to one field?”
“I have branched out on occasion, but for the most part, I have kept to one field.”
“Do you mind my asking what field that is? The articles which talk about you never really got into the types of businesses that you are involved in.”
“I don’t mind at all. I deal mostly in commodities. You would be surprised how valuable some things can be, especially in my circles.”
As we exit, I grab the box of pastries from the seat and notice that he grabs a bottle of wine. Knocking, Julian answers holding Davy, their two month old son and I hear Kelly pleading with their daughter, Tracy, to go and help her father greet the guests. From the shuffling of the pans, Tracy must have been helping too much with dinner. Passing Jonathan the box, I decide to give Kelly a hand. “Why don’t you and Julian get better acquainted in the living room and I’ll go see if I can get Tracy to show me her newest doll. 
Julian laughs. “If you can get her out of the kitchen it would be a miracle, I even offered to play twister with her and she showed no interest.” 
I smile. “Get the game set up. I bet that now that there are more people she’ll come running.”
He calls out after me. “If you get her here in under a minute I will cover your shift on Saturday.”
Reaching the kitchen, I pick her up and swing her through the air. “Hi Tracy” 
“Hi Mia, what did you bring me?” She asks excited.
“Tracy that’s not very nice.” Kelly states reproachfully
“But she always brings me a sweet treat when she comes.”
“She’s right mom” I joke. “I brought you a giant elephant shaped cup cake, but unless you come into the living room and play twister with me for it, I’ll have to take it home and it’s gray with pink this time.” 
“I love pink” she states excitedly. “Is the game set up?”
“Dad is setting it up now and I even brought another player to join in.”
“Great let’s go.” She tugs my hand, pulling me forward.
Julian laughs as we enter. “I guess I’m working on Saturday.”
“No, it’s fine. I get to enjoy a home cooked meal, that’s good enough.”
Jonathan interrupts. “Julian, would you mind covering for Mia this Saturday? I would love to take her out for a very special dinner.”
Shooting Julian a look I hope he can read the no in my eyes, but he answers too quickly.
“No problem. A deal is a deal.” He winks at me. “It did only take you forty-five seconds.”
Opening my mouth to object, Julian shoots a look cautioning me not to as Tracy tugs on my sleeve. “Can we start now, otherwise Davy may wake up and dad can’t play.”
“If he wakes up, I can still spin.” He smiles.
I turn to Jonathan. “Are you ready to play?” 
“I’ve never played it before, so why don’t you guys go first.” Julian hands him the spinner, you can operate this and see how it works.
We play the first round which is a lot of fun. In the second round, Davy is awake, Julian is feeding him and he and Jonathan switch places. As Jonathan and I intertwine like pretzels, Julian can’t hide his amusement, especially as he catches my staring at him for cheating. As Tracy comes around our arms, she knocks us down and Jonathan momentarily holds me in an embrace. Thankfully Kelly announces dinner. 
Tracy turns to me. “Can I see the elephant before going to bed so I can dream about eating it tomorrow?” 
I seize the opportunity to free myself and get up. “Sure you can. In fact, you can help me put the box in the refrigerator so that it stays fresh for you.” Entering the kitchen, I grab a knife to open the strings and show her. She smiles as she swipes some frosting, quickly putting it in her mouth. “This is really good. I can’t wait until tomorrow.”
“I’ll let you in on a secret.”
“What?”
“Neither can I”
“Why, do you have a special cupcake at home?”
I cannot tell her that I just want tonight to be over because being next to Jonathan feels strange, so I distract her. “Why don’t we say goodnight and maybe your mom will let me fly you up to bed.”
“Really, will you read me a story, too?”
“If your mom says it’s alright.”
She runs into the dining room. Kelly isn’t there. She is probably putting Davy back down. “Dad, can Mia fly me up to my room and read me a story.”
He shoots me a disapproving look telling me he knows I am trying to avoid time with Jonathan, but he’s stuck. He can’t disappoint his daughter. “She can fly you up, but the story has to be quick and short, Mia, has a friend here this evening who wants to spend time with her too.”
“Alright, I promise.” She kisses him goodnight, then turns to Jonathan, extends her hand, but immediately recoils it before he touches her and drops her eyes to the floor. “Goodnight, thank you for playing.”
“Goodnight Tracy.”
Hoisting her up on my shoulder, I make the engine sound. “Put out your hands, the engine is starting.” Flying her upstairs, she picks out a book. To my surprise, it is a very short one. Reading it to her, Kelly enters and waits until I’m through. “Goodnight sweet pea. Mia and I have to go downstairs, see you in the morning.” Kissing her, we leave.
In the hallway, Kelly turns to me. “You can’t avoid adults forever, you know. Even children eventually grow up. Jonathan seems very nice, come downstairs and give him a chance.”
“I’m sure he is nice, but ...”
She sighs. “But nothing, you need to stop this. It is not healthy to spend your entire life hiding. When you used to come over for dinner with Alex you were always lively and happy. Look at how happy you were just a moment ago with Tracy, wouldn’t you like to have one or two of your very own to tuck in every night.”
I try to joke. “If I have some of my own, I couldn’t spoil Tracy and send her home before dealing with the repercussions of all my corruption.” We laugh and she puts her arm behind me, shuffling me forward so that I am smiling when we enter the dining room.
Julian and Jonathan are having a drink. “What’s so funny?”
“Mia wants to take your mother’s job of corrupting our daughter away.” She chuckles. 
Julian burst out laughing. “You would have to kill her first. She has been waiting thirty years to get back at me for everything I have done to her since birth.”
Jonathan rises and pulls out my chair. “I can’t imagine you corrupting anyone, but it could really be fun to see you try.”
“Do you have any young nieces and nephews for her to corrupt? Maybe we can send her their way.”
His features turn aggravated, which he quickly hides, but he can’t quite keep it out of his voice. “I have four, but we are not close, so she will have to settle for fighting your mother for the privilege.”
“Mia, you need to try this wine Jonathan brought, it is excellent.” He pours some into my glass. 
As soon as the bottom is covered, I raise my hand to stop him from pouring more. “That’s good.”
“Mia, come on, you’re not on duty.” Julian continues pouring. “You’re not even driving.” He shoots a reproachful look.
Taking a sip, I try to recover, realizing I probably offended Jonathan. “You’re right. I forget that sometimes because I’m always there. It is really good. You have excellent taste in wine.” I turn to Jonathan whose face lightens at the compliment.
Dinner is excellent and I’m relieved that Julian is occupying most of Jonathan’s time discussing investments. The only bad part is that he secured two more bottles of wine from the car and my glasses are getting harder to discretely dispose of.
“What do you have a winery in your car?” I tease.
“No, while I was away on business, I visited a local winery and purchased a case for my cellar because I don’t get there that often.” He replies.
“You really don’t have to open those bottles, I would hate to see you waste your stock, I have some wine downstairs.”
“Absolutely not, it’s my pleasure and can barely even compliment this delicious meal. It is quite a treat to have such lovely food and company.” He smiles at me. 
Julian uncorks the next bottle while I help Kelly clean the dishes. “He seems very nice Mia. I hope that you will give him a chance.”
“Not you too, I swear your husband is trying to loosen me up with all the wine.”
“What were you hoping that he would let you hide with Tracy all evening?”
“That would have been fun.” I smile.
“Come on, take the pie out to the living room, we can have dessert in there and don’t forget your wine. I just need to put on the coffee. Mia, lighten up and talk to him. It can’t hurt. We are always here to protect you.” She chortles. “Now go.”
Taking the pie into the living room, Jonathan is sitting on the couch, looking through a photo album. As I enter, he looks up. “Have you seen these, they have a lovely family. Come sit by me, Julian heard Davy stirring and went upstairs.”
Sitting next to him, I leave an almost full cushion between us. He moves closer, placing the album which was on his legs, partially on mine. “Have you seen these before?”
“I took some of them.”
“They seem to have quite an extended family. From the pictures, am I right that Julian has three other brothers, two of whom are married with children and Kelly has a sister and brother, both married with children and both sets of parents are alive?”
“How did you know that?”
“Photographs can really reveal a family tree.” His tone sounds as if he is thinking of his own family situation.
“Do you have a large family?”
“Somewhat, but most of my step-siblings came well after I was born and my mother had already left me behind.” I had never heard such an edge in his tone. Looking up, he seems to be fighting against some raging emotion.
“I’m sorry that your childhood doesn’t sound like it was a very happy one.”
“It wasn’t. My mother didn’t fight for me the way she did for her other children.” He closes the photo album, stares into the fire and sips his wine, lost in some disturbing thought. After several moments, his eyes refocus and he turns to me. “I’m sorry, sometimes I forget myself and say too much. Please forgive me.”
“There’s nothing to forgive. I’m sorry that you experienced that type of rejection, especially as a child.”
“It’s fine. What is done is done and now I am correcting things. Please tell me about your family, do they live close by?” He places his arm on the back of the sofa behind me.
“No, my mother passed away and my sister and her family were killed in a car accident. I have a brother, but he and his family are not in New York and my father travels for his work.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” 
Kelly enters with the coffee and I take a cup quickly, happy to be able to be rid of my wine. Despite emptying portions of my glass whenever I could, even in the plants, my head feels as if it is swimming and fuzzy.
Despite enjoying dessert, the coffee fails to clear my muddled mind. As we talk, Jonathan skims his fingertips across the back of my neck. His touch sparks a strange inexplicable feeling throughout my being that I cannot explain.
Julian pours an after dinner brandy for all of us, despite my objections. Barely even sipping any, I begin to feel even more detached from myself. Looking around, at least everyone is smiling, assuring me that I am not doing anything to embarrass myself despite my overwhelmingly strange feelings. After helping Kelly clear the dishes, I hug her before leaving. Moving to the foyer, Jonathan is holding out my coat. Slipping into it, I deftly maneuver myself by hugging Julian and thanking him for everything. Jonathan shakes his hand and is saying something to him, but his voice sounds distorted, barely piercing what now sounds like crashing, tumultuous waves hitting a rocky shore. 
Even the crisp night air cannot clear the swimming sea in my mind. Concentrating so as not to sway walking toward the car, I can’t understand with all the wine I discarded, why I feel so confounded. Despite Julian’s attempts, I couldn’t have ingested more than two glasses of wine. Sliding in, Jonathan again slides too close. I brought him here not to encourage him, but as his arm slides around my shoulder, I fear that my plan has backfired, giving him the wrong impression. Forcing myself to maneuver sideways despite it making me slightly nauseous, I try to engage in neutral conversation. “Will you be traveling soon on business again?”
“Not for a few weeks. I would like to thank you for allowing me to accompany you to dinner this evening. Your friends are very nice.”
“They are the best. I love hanging around with them because they are real with no hidden agenda’s or motives.” Moving my shoulders further away from the back of the seat, he finally realizes what I am doing, withdraws his hands and changes the subject.
“So what are you doing at the next benefit to raise money?”
I’m relieved when he doesn’t sound as if I offended him. “The next benefit was arranged by Dr. Davis and is strictly a per plate dinner.”
“Is that your way of saying you would prefer that I did not accompany you?” Looking at him, I can’t tell if his expression is annoyance or hurt and I am hoping he will be willing to continue helping me, but I need to be honest with him.
“Jonathan, I didn’t mean it that way. I hope that I haven’t offended you, but I also need you to understand that although I appreciate everything you are doing for this project, unfortunately I am an emotional mutant which causes me to be unavailable to anyone. I haven’t been able to move past losing Alex. I hope that tonight hasn’t given you the wrong impression.”
“Mia, I know that you have gone through a traumatic time considering how your husband was ripped away from you and you haven’t offended me at all. I thoroughly enjoyed myself this evening and enjoy your company immensely. I hope that you will consider me a friend. You never know what may happen down the road. Circumstances and feelings change all the time.”
“You really shouldn’t waste your time on someone like me, there are so many people who come without baggage and I’m sure would love to spend their life making you happy.”
“I don’t consider any time I spend with you wasted. I’m a big boy who knows who I desire to spend time with. Why not give a friendship with me a chance, if nothing else, you are seen with me at benefits and secure enough funding for your project, at best, you find that we have a lot in common and maybe something happens. Don’t close yourself off.” His palm massages his head a moment.
“Are you alright?”
“The wine must be getting to my head. I’m sorry, I just felt as if my thoughts were swaying upon a turbulent ocean for a moment.” He leans forward. “Anthony, do you have any aspirin with you?”
“There is a fresh bottle in the side compartment with water. I figured you would need it when you got off the plane this afternoon.”
“You are a lifesaver.” He pops two into his mouth. “Do you need two?” He inquires.
“No thank you.”
We reach my apartment. Exiting the car, he moves to my door holding it open. As I pass him, I open my mouth to say goodnight, but before I can, he speaks. “I hope that you are at least going to allow me to walk you to your door, besides I left my bag in your apartment when I changed. If you have a moment, I went over the figures again when I was on the plane regarding your projections and tweaked them even more. If you stagger the equipment purchases and piggyback some of the use of your equipment with that already secured by the regular hospital until your profit margin can absorb the wing purchasing its own, your margins look much better. I hope that I was not mistaken in the belief that the equipment such as x-rays, scanning equipment, iv’s and the like can be used on both adults and children alike, but need to be run by different staffing members.
“Come on up. I never thought of that, but the equipment certainly can be the same as long as the operators are trained properly. Can I make you some coffee and maybe you could show me the figures. I have a meeting tomorrow afternoon.”
“I would love a strong cup of coffee and then I can show you what I did.”
Despite the coffee and the aspirin, my head continues swimming and it is difficult to concentrate on what he is saying. By the way I catch him rubbing his temple, it appears his aspirin failed to alleviate his headache. Glancing at me, I’m unsure whether he catches my drooping eyes or if his headache is just too much. “I should say goodnight, you look tired. If you have any questions about the figures, you can call me in the morning.” I rise to let him out and sway feeling momentarily detached from myself. 
He runs his knuckles slowly down my jawline. His touch is like an incendiary device igniting a desire within me. My arms snake around his waist, pulling him toward me. I can feel every contour of his muscular physique against me. My lips are on fire as they meet his sculpted lips. Leaning back, I can feel the soft mattress dip below me as his lips caress my jawline and move slowly down my neck. Pulling me closer, I pull his face back up to mine and open my eyes. I am in my darkened room. Glancing at the clock, I can’t believe it is only four-thirty. My head still feels very fuzzy and I cannot understand the nature of my strange, sensual dreams. I never dreamt of making love to Alex like that before. Lying there, I cannot understand why I couldn’t see his face or why his touch felt so cold at first and then changed to something so intense that my entire being felt as if it was on fire. Slipping out of bed, I become aware that all I am wearing is my robe. I never sleep in my robe. I can’t even remember getting dressed for bed or how I got here. Thinking hard, the last thing I recall is rising to let Jonathan out, not even his leaving. My dreams and my attire are making no sense. Pulling my robe tighter, I head toward the kitchen for some coffee and aspirin but stop short crossing the archway. My front door is ajar. Looking around, I force myself to listen carefully straining to hear a sound over my pounding heart, but there is nothing. Nothing even appears to be out of place. Approaching the door, the lock doesn’t appear to have been broken, I don’t even see scratches. Pulling the door back, I look down the hall to the right, but no one is there. Turning my head to the left, someone is propped up against the wall with his head slumped into his raised legs. Staring at him, I realize it is Jonathan and run over to him. He is unconscious and quite disheveled. Placing my fingers upon his neck, his pulse is strong. As I lift his head, his eyes fly open, but are unfocused as he slaps my hand away. His actions startle him awake. “Mia are you alright, I’m so sorry. I...I didn’t realize.” His eyes shift wildly. “Why am I in your hallway? What happened?”
“Maybe we should talk inside. Can you get up?”
“I think so,” he rises, but his gait is unsteady. Taking his arm and placing it around my shoulder, I help him inside, sitting him on the couch.
“Excuse me a moment, I’ll be right back.” Quickly throwing on my sweats, I return. “What is the last thing you remember?” I ask sitting next to him.
He concentrates and sounds distracted. “I remember going over the figures with you, but my headache was like nothing I ever felt before and when I looked over to you, you appeared to be suffering from a headache as well, so I rose to leave, but my head began swimming and I felt very strange. I must have propped myself up against the wall waiting for the elevator. Then you were there. What time is it anyway?”
“Four-thirty. Do you remember anything else?”
“My mind was foggy and I had some...” He stops and his face turns crimson. “No, I don’t remember anything else. I don’t understand; wine has never affected me like that before.” His voice is so low, I’m sure he’s talking more to himself. Looking up, “How is your headache this morning?”
“My head is still a little unclear too. Jonathan, do you think there could have been something in the wine, because I have never been affected like that either and in truth, I got rid of most of it because I know that I’m such a lightweight, but didn’t want to offend you.”
“Maybe you should call Julian and see if they were affected in a similar manner last evening.”
“I can’t call him right now, it’s too early. I’ll get you some aspirin and put on a pot of coffee.” I rise and go into the kitchen. 
He follows me in. “Why don’t you put on the coffee and I will whip us up something for breakfast since I caused you so much trouble already this morning.”
“You haven’t caused me trouble. I’m just very sorry that you were in the hall all evening.” I hand him the aspirin. “You don’t have to make breakfast, I usually only grab a cup of coffee in the morning anyway.”
“It would probably be better if you put something in your stomach, especially if you have a meeting. A full stomach will help clear your head faster.”
“I thought I was the physician here.”
“You may be, but I do know a few tricks.” He opens my refrigerator and takes out some eggs, tomatoes and cheese. “I make a killer omelet.”
The scent of coffee fills the room, awakening my fuzzy senses. Pouring some, I pass it to him. “Thank you.” He flips the omelet. 
Eating is uncomfortable as we each stare at each other in a way that tells me, he too is trying to figure out what happened. When I can take it no longer, I try to make small talk. “Thank you for tweaking the figures again and explaining them to me last evening. It was very helpful.”
“You remember that because in truth, it is very fuzzy to me.”
“Yes I do and your suggestions will be very useful today.”
Taking out his telephone, he calls Anthony. “Could you bring the car to Mia’s apartment? I need to get home and ready for an early morning meeting.” He pauses, his reply is soft. “When was that...you couldn’t have...No that’s fine, I’ll meet you downstairs.”
“Is everything alright, you seem concerned.”
“Anthony said that he came up here looking for me last evening because I called for him to bring the car around and then was nowhere to be found. When you didn’t answer the door, he waited for an hour and left.”
Something had to be in the wine. I know that the bottles he brought in were sealed, I saw Julian open the two and the third remained on his mantle. “Jonathan, you said you bought a case of that wine, would you mind if I went down with you and took one for testing. I’m wondering if we had a reaction to something in it.”
“Sure, I can bring it up to you if you like.”
“No, that’s fine.” I follow him down.
Anthony is holding the car door open. “Anthony, can you pop the trunk and give Mia a bottle of the wine?”
“I can’t boss, when I returned to the house, I put it in the cellar. I can bring her by one after dropping you at the meeting, if you would like.”
I turn to him. “Don’t put yourself out, Julian has another bottle, I can have him bring it to the hospital.”
“Are you sure?” Jonathan inquires turning to me.
“Yes, but thank you. I’m sorry again for last evening. I hope that your head feels better.”
“I hope yours does as well. May I call you and check on you later and see how the meeting goes?”
“That would be nice and thank you again for reworking the numbers.” Running inside, I shower quickly, needing to get my head as clear as possible and look over the figures before the meeting. On my way to the hospital, I call Julian, happy that he answers and not Kelly. “Good morning, this is Julian.”
“Hi, it’s Mia.”
“If you are calling to yell at me for taking your shift and forcing you to have dinner with Jonathan on Saturday, don’t, he seems really nice.”
“I’m calling to see how you and Kelly are feeling this morning.”
“We are doing really well, why?”
“You don’t feel strange at all or your mind cloudy?”
“No. Mia, what’s wrong?”
“It’s just that when I left everything was becoming very fuzzy and then Jonathan was unconscious this morning and had a very bad headache as well. We were wondering if there was something in the wine. Do you still have that other bottle that he brought?”
“I do. Did you just say that Jonathan was with you this morning? I would have never guessed that one, especially by the way you looked as if you were going to jump out of your skin last evening when he tried to touch your shoulder.”
“He wasn’t here that way.” I retort reproachfully. “I found him in the hallway this morning propped against a wall.”
“Is he alright, what is going on?” Concern resonates in his tone.
“I don’t know, especially since you are fine. Is Kelly fine too?”
“She is. In fact, I was going to ask Jonathan at the next benefit where the vineyard is, Kelly has never been more amorous, but other than that, she’s fine.” His tone turns as if he is remembering something and I blush as my own erotic dreams flash though my mind.
“When does your shift start?” 
“I’m on at ten, I’ll bring the bottle with me and send it down to Jennifer in the lab and ask her to test it. Are you sure you are alright?”
“I’m fine but if you could do that for me, it would be great.”
“No problem. I’ll have her put a rush on it and leave the results in your office.” 
Hanging up, I look over the figures again to make sure that I understand everything, but my mind keeps drifting to my strange dreams. They seem just too real, but also too foggy. Closing my eyes, I try to force a clear picture of them, desperate to see Alex’s face in them, but no matter how hard I tried, I can’t.” My head falls into my hands as the tears refuse to stop. After what feels like an eternity, I am finally able to wipe the last one dry. Glancing at my watch, I realize I’m late and rush to the hospital. Thanks to Jonathan’s tweaking, the numbers go over better than expected and the Board is pleased with the progress of the benefits.
As we break, Mrs. Johnson approaches me. “Have you given any thought to a theme for the next benefit, when I was at Geoffrey’s house last week, Amanda suggested that we have three auctions to appeal to all tastes. The first could be donated vacation giveaways and restaurants, the second expensive wines and maybe even the most eligible bachelors and bachelorettes in New York and the third an art auction, featuring the hottest new artists.” I really think that you should give her a call, you do both have the same goal in mind after all.”
“I will keep what you have said in mind, Mrs. Johnson and thank you for the suggestions.” I want to scream knowing Amanda did this to back me into a corner. I could never get such donations, but she travels in such circles and could probably do it in a heartbeat. If I fail and she comes through, along with my smaller profit margins, Geoffrey will have a state of the art facility and the pediatric wing will be lucky to have a small, remote location buried somewhere in the hospital.
Heading to my office, I am more exasperated than ever. Janet follows me in, shutting the door. “What’s wrong?” As I explain, she shakes her head. “I hope that you made nice with Jonathan last evening because you are seriously going to need his help to pull something like that off.”
“How can you think of my love life at a time like this?”
“So are you telling me you are beginning to have a love life?” She leans on her elbows across my desk. “Come on, confess. What happened last night?” Her elbow slips on a paper. Picking it up, “Mia, why are you having wine tested? What did happen last night?”
“Honestly, I wish that I could tell you. Let me see the paper.” The tests confirm that nothing was in the wine. “I don’t understand it.” I mutter.
“Mia, what’s going on?”
“I don’t know, it was strange, Jonathan and I had very strange reactions last night, but Julian and Kelly were fine.”
“What do you mean strange reactions?”
I explain to her what happened. “That is strange. Have you spoken to him this afternoon, is he doing better?”
“I don’t know, he said he was going to call later. I’ll find out then.”
“Mia, are you sure that maybe you and he weren’t just nervous and drank too much and then things happened.”
“Nothing happened.” It couldn’t have, but as my dream invades my thoughts, I wonder. Forcing it from my mind, “I don’t think of him that way and I’m sure that I threw most of the wine out. Kelly will be furious when she smells her fern plants.”
“You don’t sound so sure that nothing happened. What if your dreams really weren’t dreams and you and he did have an encounter, would that really be so bad?”
“Yes it would. I don’t want anyone in my life that way!”
“Did you ever consider your heart is telling your mind something else and that the truth can only come out in your dreams because that is the only time you are not fighting every moment to control even the most straying thought. Mia, you need to give yourself a break or you really are going to snap. You have wound yourself so tight and have put up such high walls, that you won’t even be able to climb out of them soon to engage with patients, let alone have a personal life.”
“Janet, I can’t deal with this now. I have to come up with a way around failing Amanda’s little test.” 
My telephone rings and I can’t stop the sigh escaping my lips. After two rounds with Janet, I am not up to small talk with Jonathan. “Hello, this is Mia.”
“Mia, I’m so glad you answered, it’s Samantha. I was wondering if you would like to have lunch today and maybe you could show me your cabin painting.”
“Samantha, I would love to, but I am working today. Are you free tomorrow around eleven thirty, maybe we could do it then?”
“Absolutely, I’ll text you the address of a great little café I found.” As we chat for a few more minutes, I learn that she returned to the studio and all the artist’s paintings are already gone. I can’t believe my luck when she tells me that one of the prints the curator sent to a children’s hospital in New Hampshire at the artist’s request in exchange for the hospital agreeing to provide free care up to the amount of the print to uninsured children. Hanging up from her, I wonder if I could get Salvatore to give me the name of the artist so that I can contact him about donating to an art auction. His work sold in record time. Obviously he is a very hot ticket around town and could bring in some serious donations. I only hope that he might be as generous with the idea of an auction to fund the building of a pediatric wing.”
My telephone rings again. “Hello” I can hear my excitement at the idea carrying over.
“How are you feeling?” Jonathan inquires.
“I am feeling much better, how about you?”
“I feel better too. Did you have a chance to test the wine, was anything wrong with it?”
“No, the tests all came back negative. Were you able to get through your meeting alright?” I inquire, trying to be polite.
“Yes, it went well, how about the Board meeting?”
“The board was impressed with the numbers, thank you.”
“Anytime. May I still pick you up for dinner tomorrow evening and maybe you can tell me what you have planned after the per plate dinner. Come on, don’t turn me down, I promise to talk shop.”
I could hear Janet’s words ringing in my ears and knowing the task at hand, even if I could get the mystery artist on board, I definitely needed all the help that I could get. “What time will you be coming by?”
“I’ll pick you up at four. I have to go, there is a conference call waiting.”
Thankfully, my rounds go smoothly. Laurel is cuddling with her daughter and her parents look relieved. When I arrive to discharge Jamie, Kathleen is there. “Thanks for everything doc.” 
“You are very welcome. Just don’t forget to follow up with your primary and if you have any question, please do not hesitate to contact me here. Someone here can always track me down. 
Mrs. Parkson comes over to me. “Thank you for everything.”
“You are very welcome. I’m glad to see that you allowed Kathleen to come. I’m sure it will go a long way towards Jamie’s recovery.” Leaving, I hear my name paged directing me to the emergency room. A team is already working on the victim and I’m surprised to see Paul. “What do we have?” 
“A young boy, around nine he got caught up in the middle of a gang fight, there are five stab wounds, two to the face, one at the neck, and two puncture wounds to the chest. There is considerable internal bleeding.” 
Working feverishly, we stabilize him enough to begin surgery, trying to repair the damage in a manner that will allow for plastic surgery to follow. Several hours later, we emerge beyond exhausted. Operating on younger patients is always harder and more heart wrenching, but at least I got to tell his waiting family that he is in fair condition and there was no damage to the heart. Grabbing some coffee before returning to my office to fill out the surgical notes, I finally clock out, but only walk down to recovery. Checking on him, his eyes flutter open. They are the most remarkable sky blue eyes. Tears veil them. Leaning over, I stroke his temple. “It’s alright, you’re in the hospital. You’ll be fine.” 
He struggles to speak. “Did my brother make it?” He asks hoarsely as his tears escape. 
“I can ask around. I worked on you.”
He grabs my hand. “Please, you have to find out what happened to him. I was supposed to watch him, he’s only six.”
His heart rate spikes. Stroking his cheek, I gauge my voice to sound reassuring. “I can inquire for you if you relax. I can’t leave you anxious.” As I stroke his cheek again, another young boy’s face flashes through my consciousness with eyes that are just as blue but sparkle like diamonds. His spiked heart rate begins slowing so I go over to Amy. “Keep an eye on him. Does anyone know if a younger boy was brought in with him?”
“I don’t think that anyone younger was brought in, I know three older boys were, they are still in emergency and two police officers are outside of their door.”
“Is his family still here?”
“I think that there is still a gentleman in the private waiting area, but the others have left.”
Opening the door, I see a man with his head in his hands. He was not there when I spoke to the family earlier. “Excuse me sir, are you related to the young man who was brought in here tonight?”
He picks up his head. “Yes, that is my nephew, Ashton. Is he alright?”
“He’s fine, but just started to come around and he is asking about his younger brother.” Devastation rips through his features answering the question before he verbalizes it. “He didn’t make it.” He sobs. “My sister is in with him now saying goodbye.”
“I’m so sorry.” 
“Can I see Ashton?”
“Mr...” I wait for him to tell me his name.
“Charlie.”
“Charlie, I know that you are very worried about him and you have suffered a devastating loss, but he became very anxious worrying about his brother. I would like to be able to give him at least this evening to become more stabilized.”
“What will you tell him the reason that no one is with him?”
“I will keep him in recovery overnight and let him know visitors are not allowed there. I will go back and stay with him for a while.”
“But what if he asks about his brother?”
“For now, I think it is best if I go back and tell him that I couldn’t find out any information. Excuse me please.”
On my way back to recovery, I stop by the pediatric ward to pick up some books. When I return, he is still groggy but forces his eyes open. “Is my brother alright?”
“I couldn’t find out anything about him. I’m sorry. What about my mom, is she here?”
“When I went out she was not in the waiting area. Where she can’t come in here, maybe she was checking on your brother or went to be with him.” I knew I was stretching the truth to make it sound different, but I couldn’t risk his health. “Would you mind if I stayed for a while and read to you to help you relax, it would help you to get stronger, faster.”
“You don’t have to do that. I’m sure you have other patients to see.”
“I’m actually already clocked out, so I have nothing to do but read. I found a book on trains, video games or world records. What would you like to hear about?”
“I really like video games.”
“Video games it is.” I begin reading and within minutes, he’s asleep.
Amy comes over to me. “He should be out for a while and I’m on duty, aren’t you already clocked out.”
“I am, but you might as well clock me back in. I can’t leave him. He is so young and worried. He may get up again and tomorrow is going to be a very grave day.”
“His brother didn’t make it?”
“No, when I went out the mother was saying good-bye.”
“How awful. I’ll clock you in and grab some dinner for both of us.” 
“Coffee would be great, but I’m not hungry. I can grab a granola bar in my desk later.”
Sitting back with Ashton, I pull out some files that I was going to work on at home anyway. He wakes a few more times during the night. At eight o’clock, we move him to a room. His mother is waiting for him. She appears broken, devoid of life, despite her trying to put on a brave face. As Ashton’s eyes meet hers, he sobs. As their family gathers inside, I slip out of the room and take a moment leaning against the hallway wall. 
Julian’s voice pulls me from my solitude. “I thought I was working for you today?” 
“You are. I’m just leaving from last night.”
“Mia, you need to stop staying here at night, you are going to burn out.”
I explain to him what happened and ask him to keep an eye on Ashton today.
“Don’t worry. Everything will be fine, but if you don’t get some rest, you are going to fall over.”
After finishing up some quick paperwork, I leave to meet Samantha. She is already seated at the café when I arrive. “I see you like strong coffee as well.” I slide into the seat across from her.
“Is there any other kind?”
“Not worth drinking.”
“The grilled chicken salad here is really good.”
The waiter comes over and we both order. “I was so glad you called, especially when you told me the story about the artist’s donation.”
“I’m glad he has a big heart, but I hope Salvatore get’s more prints soon. I should have realized that he was going to be extremely hot and that the paintings would have sold quickly. Sometimes I try to wait until paintings have been sitting a while because I know how nervous Salvatore gets and he lowers the price after thirty days.”
“Are you telling me that they went that fast, there were at least fifteen to twenty paintings from him and ten, maybe fifteen sketch prints when I purchased mine?”
“People really love his work. It is very realistic. The pieces I bought include a lighthouse and a picturesque scene of a crystal lake with horses and a picnic setting. The color is so pristine that when I stare at it, I can imagine myself sitting on the blanket and eating the sandwiches. I swear I feel mist from the raging ocean when I stare at the lighthouse. Wherever he is, he must be surrounded by beautiful scenery, because his background scenes are wonderful. I tried to get Salvatore to tell me at least the area he was in because, from the paintings, it is so beautiful, I would love to open a bed and breakfast there. Just think about the sell point. Step into the real life inspirations and get a taste of the beautiful surroundings inspiring the creations of...(insert artist’s name).” She laughs. “Provided it is exotic, if not I would ask him to go under an alias. I could probably retire early.” She chuckles.
“Did Salvatore tell you anything else about how the donation came into being?”
“He told me that a hospital administrator contacted him and said that she was at the exhibit and saw the lovely animal print that would be a perfect addition to the hospital’s pediatric waiting room, but that because of hospital budget cuts, they couldn’t afford to purchase it, but wondered if they could work out some sort of donation or trade. Salvatore told me that he contacted the artist with the story and that is how it all came about. Why do you ask?”
“I am involved in a project to bring a new pediatric wing to the hospital that I work at and we have been arranging benefits to raise money. Unfortunately, my project is also tied in with a plastic surgery wing and the wife of the physician who would be heading that wing has backed me into a corner by suggesting to the Board that we have three auctions, one of which would be from donated art.”
“That sounds like a great idea, but why does that suggestion paint you into a corner?”
“Geoffrey who heads our plastic surgery division wants to take the lion’s share of the money to make a state of the art wing that outshines anything found in the area and he and his wife are very friendly with the Board members. Since the pediatric wing is my proposal, she suggested that I run the auctions, but if I fail to secure enough donations and she comes through, I’m sure that they will use that to influence the Board to ensure that they receive more money than the pediatric wing.”
“I see, so they are the social butterflies and you are the workaholic who gets the job done but never really leaves the hospital to socialize and secure funding.”
I laugh. “How does everyone peg me so quickly?”
“It wasn’t very hard to read you when we met. You seemed so uncomfortable trying to make small talk and I know that you are not as social as Janet or Max. I can introduce you to Salvatore, we are old friends and I have brought him a lot of clients.”
“Would you mind?”
“Are you kidding, I despise people who try to set others up to fail. That alone would be enough for me to try to help you, but anything involving children is a very good cause and I like you.”
Paying the check, I rise. “Shall we go and see the cabin?”
“Absolutely”
We walk to the apartment and she loves the painting. “Could you imagine coming across something like this in the woods with a little fire going on inside, curling up to someone with a nice glass of wine. It looks so perfect and rustic that I can actually picture myself inside. I mean look at the windows, how the mix of color makes it appear flicker as if light is escaping through the tapestry cracks from a warm toasty fire.” I can picture myself there and even see a fire in a nice stone fireplace. For a moment, I hear a male voice in the distance calling my name before Samantha’s voice pulls me from my introspection. “Mia”
“I’m sorry. I was just picturing it all.”
“I could tell, you had a very dreamy look on your face. Have you ever been to a cabin like this?”
“No, but it does seem very cozy.”
“Promise me that if you ever decide to sell it, you will give me a call.” She looks down at her watch. “I have to go. I’ll call Salvatore on Monday and arrange for us to meet.”
“I really appreciate your help.”
“I’ll see you later.”
After she leaves, I sit at the edge of my bed staring at the painting. I see the cabin and feel the cool crisp air surrounding me as leaves crush below feet which are not my own. I am being carried. A moment later, I am placed on an overstuffed sofa while a man’s back faces mine. He proceeds toward a stone fireplace and lights the logs. The room warms as the fire roars to life. From the way his shirt clings to his muscular back, I can tell he is strong, well built; his hair is a sandy brown. Rising, he is tall. I feel the butterflies of anticipation in my stomach and a desire to wrap my arms around him. As he turns, my eyes rise to meet his face, but a knock on the door startles me awake and I rise quickly. From the time, it has to be Jonathan.
Opening the door, I must look a mess, his voice is contrite. “I’m sorry. Did I wake you?”
“I pulled a late shift and must have fallen asleep, just give me a quick moment to freshen up and I’ll be right with you.”
“Take your time.” He calls after me as I run down the hall.
Freshening up, I run a brush through my unruly hair. Coming out, I am relieved to see him dressed casually. I hope we are headed somewhere crowded because after the other evening and the strange dreams, I can’t escape my strange, self-conscious feelings around him. 
“You pulled another all-nighter.” He stares at me with such intensity that it stirs nervous butterflies in my stomach. 
Shifting my eyes toward the floor, I turn to get my coat. “We had a young stabbing victim whose brother died. They got caught in a gang fight.”
“That’s awful. Those gangs really do give the devil his due. They will never stop.”
He is right behind me as I take my coat. 
“Let me help you with that.” His hands brush my shoulders as I shrug into my coat. 
Downstairs, Anthony and the car are waiting again. I slide in. “So where are we going?” I ask.
“If I told you, it would ruin the surprise.” He smiles. Driving out of town for an hour, the scenery changes to a residential area filled with palatial homes. Pulling into a circular drive, my heart sinks.
“I thought we were going out.” This was not the type of evening I was banking on.
“You seemed to enjoy dinner at your friends’ home the other evening and I thought you may feel more comfortable talking over a quiet dinner.” As he catches the panic in my eyes, his voice turns soft. “Mia, relax it is just dinner, we can even talk shop if you desire.” Slipping out of the car, I can’t calm my anxious heart. “Would you like to take a walk around the grounds first, they are quite serene and lovely.”
I nod and he leads me around back to a beautiful garden surrounded by red leaf trees. As beautiful as it is the dark red leaves, with the orange flowers makes me feel as if I am surrounded by a heatless fire, especially as twilight settles upon us driving out the setting sun’s final rays coloring the distant sky. 
“You’re right this is very quiet and quite unique.”
“I like to think of it as a refuge, a home away from home, a place to think, especially when things become hectic and rough.”
“You must use it a lot then. I’m sure that your business must be quite demanding at times.”
“It is, but when I do it correctly, the rewards yield refuges such as this.”
“You said that this is a home away from home. Where is your home?”
“It is quite far from here.” He thoughts drift but he quickly returns to the here and now. “I’m originally from London.
“Do you still have a home there?”
“I hope so. I haven’t been there in a while. Business here has been keeping me from it.”
“I hope that you will be able to return there soon, then.”
Anthony comes out holding what appears to be two glasses of champagne. After the other evening, I cringe as I take a glass. As he leaves, Jonathan turns to me. “Don’t worry, it’s only sparkling cider. I know you’re not working, but I figured after the other night, you may appreciate this more.”
I laugh in spite of myself. “Thank you this is perfect.” Walking over to the patio, I’m glad to see we will be dining outside, but wish there were no candles. Candles imply intimacy and that is not somewhere I can go, not now, in truth, probably not ever. As he pulls out my chair, I sit. Anthony places a salad down and I see the cider bottle on the table.
“So have you given any thought to the auctions?” He smiles. 
I’m relieved he keeps to his word about talking shop, but am surprised he knows about the auction idea. I relax slightly. “How did you know about them?”
“The first rule of business is to know your target and your enemies. I figured Geoffrey and Amanda were trying to bring you down with the Board, so I made friends with two of them at the last benefit that didn’t seem to be in their pocket. I even had them over to the house, the other evening. They were all too talkative and so I began planning to ensure you wouldn’t fail.” He states confidently. “I have already secured donations of two suites on a cruise, one European getaway and two tropical island resort trips.”
I am so surprised and overjoyed by what he’s done, that I unwittingly reach across the table grabbing his hand. “Thank you so much. I can’t believe you did that.”
Flipping his hand over, be brings mine to his lips kissing it softly. “Mia, I like you and want to help you accomplish your goal.”
My eyes meet his and he is staring intently. “Jonathan, I can’t tell you how much your help means to me, it’s just that...” I stop searching for the right words not to offend and he seizes the opportunity to speak. 
“Mia, I know you are apprehensive about me, that is quite obvious, but if you would just give our friendship a chance, I’m sure you would come to realize I’m just the type who could make you rise to new heights and teach you how to fulfill your dreams.” He kisses my hand one more time and gently releases it.
I don’t know how to reply and quickly lead our conversation back to shop talk. “On Monday a friend of mine is going to introduce me to the curator of an art dealership so that I can try to secure some prints for the art auction.”
“That’s perfect. I also know a curator on the east side and will speak to him.”
Finishing dinner, he rises. “Shall we have dessert and coffee in the living room?” I follow him wishing we could just stay outside, or better yet, that I could leave. The room is warm and there is a fire in a stone fireplace, strangely similar to the one I had been dreaming of, but something is off. Looking around, his decor appears rather dark. Catching my scanning eyes, his comment brings my eyes back to his. “It’s quite different isn’t it?”
“Yes it is. Did you collect them?”
He appraises my features before responding. “No. I first rented this house fully furnished from an estate and when it appeared that I was going to be here longer than expected, I purchased it. I haven’t had time to redecorate. Please sit down and make yourself comfortable.” As I do, he moves toward the fireplace, bends and puts another log on the fire. The image from my dream flashes before me, but as I continue staring something is off, something is not quite the same and the butterflies entering my stomach are not from desire, but nerves. Moving towards me, he picks up two cups of coffee, handing me one as he sits next to me.
“The fire feels very nice.” I strain to make small talk.
“Yes, there is something very comforting about a warm fire.” He brushes his free hand across the arm I have folded over the back of the sofa as I sat sideways. “Have you given some thought to Amanda’s third task of eligible bachelors and bachelorettes?”
“Not really. I know it’s for a good cause, but it just seems wrong.”
“I think that it might be a good idea to have the doctors participate in this, since it is benefitting the hospital, it may be a very good selling feature. You can show that the staff is putting forth every effort to secure funds for the hospital that they are committed to. Besides, I’m sure that if you were up there, every man in the house would open their wallets and pay to have dinner with you.”
“I couldn’t do that.”
“Mia, it’s only dinner and it is for your wing. You are not selling your soul.” He chuckles. “You are only going to have a nice dinner.”
“Don’t you think that it would be much better to have someone such as yourself to auction off?”
“If you auction off men like myself who would bid? You need men like me to bid.” He smiles. “Mia, this is a good spin to put on the auction.”
“Couldn’t we put free exams or something else instead?”
“Absolutely not” He shakes his head. “Mia, really, I knew you were going to be a lot of work, but a dinner with someone can’t frighten you.”
“It doesn’t frighten me.” I retort.
“Well then trust me. This is a good thing.”
Interlacing my hands around the cup, maybe he is right and I have closed myself off so much from people that a simple dinner frightens me. The way my heart is pounding like an out of control thunder storm at the thought of this endeavor, you would think I am agreeing to be intimate with someone. I jump as he brushes my fingers gently with his, pulling me from my introspection. “Mia, I hope I didn’t offend you when I said that you would be a lot of work. It’s just that you are a very interesting woman and someone that I would like to know, but you keep yourself so distant and appear as if you’ll jump out of your skin whenever we are not talking shop. I have never had such a time trying to get to know someone before. In truth, I am beginning to develop a bit of a complex.” His features reveal that my actions have actually hurt his feelings.
“Jonathan, I’m sorry. You are a very nice person, it’s not you. You said it yourself I close everyone off, even my friends.”
“Oh so you don’t even consider me a friend.” He replies, but I can see he is now amused. “Mia, all I’m saying is that it’s alright for you to let people into your life. I thought that we were possibly getting close the other night. I even think I dreamt about you that night I spent in your hallway. It was nice. I just wish I could remember a little more surrounding that night. But then tonight, I could see the panic in your eyes when the car stopped here. What is it that you are afraid of? Have I done something to make you afraid of me or concerned about who I am?”
“No you haven’t done anything but help me and you do seem like a very nice man, but in truth, we don’t know each other that well.”
“That’s my point, let me get to know you and you me, you may even learn you like my type.” He brushes my hand again. “Could it really be that bad to just get to know me?”
“Alright then, tell me about yourself. I know that you are a very powerful businessman because if you weren’t, the papers would not be writing about you. I know that you have a soft spot for your employees and from all the help you have given me, I surmise that you are a consummate do gooder, but what about the man. You mentioned step-siblings; do you have any other family?”
“Not to speak of, my father is no longer with me, and as I said, my mother let him take me when I was little. I don’t speak with my step-siblings or family, I tried for a while, but we just can’t seem to agree on anything and they would rather I just disappeared.” Again, I could hear his voice fighting the welling anger, but there is something else, something below the surface, regret possibly.
I change the subject, hopefully to a more pleasant one. “Are any of your friends from this area or are they still over in England. “
”Most of my friends are still far away. It has only been the past few months in which I have come to call this my home. Thankfully they do come to visit and help out. In fact, a couple is staying with me now. Unfortunately William’s companion became ill and he is tending to her upstairs.”
“Would you like me to go and check on her?”
“She is not ill physically, but thank you. She suffers depression and today is not one of her better days.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“I’m sure that she will be fine soon. William believes that their coming here may help her considerably, but for now I am trying to give them their space.”
“What do you like to do with your days off?” 
“Well until recently, I was married to my work and seemed to be working all the time, but once in a while I love to hike. This estate borders a great reserve, there is even a small mountain that you could climb and the site at the top is lovely. I would love it if you would accompany me one day.”
“That sounds very nice.”
“What about you, what do you like to do on your days off?”
“I run when I can or go to the local art galleries. There is something about looking at the paintings that takes you away to where the artist is. Some of the depictions are so realistic, you almost feel as if you could step right through the frame.”
“You know that artists are usually inspired by what they see. I saw a painting one time of a resort that just called to me. I found the artists and he told me that he was inspired by a beautiful golden beach resort that he had come across in Manta, Ecuador and I just had to go and visit it. I couldn’t believe it, but his depiction was perfect. The sand was warm and the water wonderful.”
We talk of different paintings that we had come across and some of the places that he was inspired to go and see because of them. Looking down at my watch, I realize that it is two a.m. Rising quickly, “I should get going.”
He looks down at his watch as well and appears surprised. Leaving the room, he returns shortly. “Anthony is asleep and I would hate to wake him. “Would you like to stay here this evening?” Before I object, he continues. “I don’t mean with me, so don’t worry. In fact I have to make an overseas call that will take several hours. I mean upstairs in one of the guest rooms.”
“I’ll just call a cab.” I take the telephone out of my purse, but he places his hand over mine.
“Mia, why don’t you stay, there are several rooms upstairs that are extremely comfortable. It’s very late and I would hate to have you take a cab home. I would take you home now myself, but I need access to two computers that I have in the office for the call and I will miss my window of opportunity. Would it make you feel better if I said that I will stay down here and not even go up to my room? I have a couch in the office anyway. You are perfectly safe here.”
Despite feeling the length of the day and the two hours of sleep over the last forty eight hours I got, I don’t want to complicate this more than it already appears to be developing. 
“Mia, please. This conference call is very important to me and I would hate to be distracted worrying about you going home alone at this late hour.”
I sigh. Other than brushing my shoulders and hand, he has done nothing out of line all night and he has helped me tremendously over the past few weeks. I wasn’t sure if it was even him that I was concerned about or the strange dreams I had the other evening and waking up the way I did. “Alright, I’ll stay, but if you don’t mind, I’ll just grab the afghan from your chair over there and stay here.”
His features turn disapproving as he glances at the couch. “You know that you will be sore from this in the morning and you would be much more comfortable in one of the queen sized beds upstairs, but it is better than my worrying about you going home and I’m sure that it is quite a step for you, so I won’t push my luck.” He hesitates but then kisses the top of my head. I have to go and make that call, but at least let me grab you some comfortable pillows and a coverlet before I do, hopefully they will at least make the couch bearable.” He returns, placing the items on the couch. “Thank you for such a nice evening. I will see you in the morning.”
“Good night. Thank you for the covers. I hope your business goes well.” Spreading the covers out like a sleeping bag, I rest my head on the pillows. The fire’s red embers flare before extinguishing. The next thing I know someone is calling my name. 
“Good morning beautiful.” My eyes flutter open. Jonathan is standing near the couch with a tray in his hands. Sitting up, I look at my watch, it’s almost noon. Swinging my legs to the floor, he sits beside me. “I figure waffles are always a safe bet” He says placing the tray before me. “There is maple syrup or strawberries and cream. Handing me a mug, “Try this.”
Taking a sip, the coffee is the smoothest I’ve ever tasted. “It’s wonderful. Thank you, but you shouldn’t have let me sleep so late. I have to be a work at four and I’m sure that my taking over your living room inconvenienced you. I’m sorry. The past few days must have caught up with me.”
“That’s exactly why I wasn’t going to disturb you, you need your rest. Besides, you looked very beautiful adorning my couch this morning.” He brushes a stray lock of hair out of my eyes. “How is your back?”
I shift. “It is very well, thank you.” 
“I’m glad to hear that. It took everything I had when I came out of the office not to pick you up and carry you into one of the spare rooms so that you would be more comfortable, but I didn’t want you waking up somewhere else and getting the wrong impression.”
“I would not have appreciated waking up somewhere else.”
“After you eat, I’ll take you home so you can get ready for your shift.”
“I can call a cab, really. I have probably already upset your plans for today.”
“Don’t be silly. I’ll take you. I have business in the city anyway.” 
Arriving at my apartment, he turns to me. “Would you be terribly upset if I did something?” He asks.
“I guess that depends upon what it is. Why?”
“Don’t be mad.” He leans across the seat and my heart spikes, I want to back away, but am frozen. He kisses me on the cheek, at least he didn’t move toward my lips or linger. “Thank you for having dinner with me and staying, it was a very nice evening.”
“Thank you. I had a very nice time.” He gets out and opens my door. “Good-bye” I run upstairs, shower and get ready to go to the hospital. I notice that there is a missed call on my phone and hit reply.
“Mia, hi, I’m glad you got back to me, Salvatore said he would be happy to meet with us tomorrow morning if that still works for you.”
“That would be perfect. I’m working until eight. Is nine o’clock good for you?”
“I’ll meet you at the studio.”
I arrive to a typical day of broken bones, sutures, and two teams in surgery. Janet catches me in the hall. “Julian said he covered your shift so that Jonathan could take you out. Where did you go?”
I sigh knowing how she is going to blow this out of proportion, but if I hedge she’ll know and make more of a big deal of it. “He took me to his house for dinner on the patio.” 
“And...”
“We talked about the auctions that Amanda backed me into.”
She hits me on the shoulder. “Please tell me that you are lying. He took you to his house and you talked about benefits and not the preferred kind. Mia, he is sexy, rich and very interested in you. Why do you think he has been helping you so much? What is wrong with you!” Her tone is disgusted.
“There’s nothing wrong with me. I just don’t want to get involved.”
“No you would much rather be alone and lonely for the rest of your life while the world moves on. Mia, you are going to wake up one morning an old woman who has no children, no family and no life and the only thing that will keep you warm is the realization that you wasted your life away just existing. Alex must be so heartbroken watching you waste away from the other side.”
“There is no other side and since his heart no longer beats, it can’t break.” I snap sarcastically.
“Where were you this morning? I went running and brought you by a coffee, but you didn’t answer your door.”
Knowing that she will seize what I say next to blow everything out of proportion, I try to minimize her response. “Don’t even say what you are thinking because nothing happened, but I was at Jonathan’s this morning still.”
She stops dead in her tracks. “You slept with...” I clamp her mouth. 
“I didn’t sleep with anyone so could you please lower your voice if I take my hand away from your mouth.” She nods. “We were talking about the auctions and planning strategies and then he was telling me about his life in England, the next thing I know he had to make some overseas call and it was two o’clock in the morning. I stayed in the living room, by myself, on the couch.”
Following me into the office, she shuts the door. “Are you absolutely insane? I’m sure his home had several rooms you should have found a bedroom and stayed there. Better yet, you should have stayed in his room.”
“Janet, I love, you, but that isn’t something that I want to do.”
“Well you should. You are young and he is very handsome and attentive. Julian was telling me how you kept trying to ditch spending time with him at his house and that he could see a look of determination in Jonathan’s eyes. You need to capitalize on something like this. He likes you and you need someone besides your friends who adore you, to take care of you.”
“I don’t need anyone to take care of me. I am more than capable of caring for myself.”
“I’m sure you are, but you can’t keep yourself warm at night, so give him a chance. In fact, later on, you should see if he is in town and wants to come by here for a cup of coffee.”
“I just saw him yesterday and this morning.”
Someone clears his throat. Looking up, Julian is in the doorway. “So, are we talking about who I think we are?”
Janet rises. “I have to go and relieve Amy on two and yes we are talking about mister dreamy, she stayed over last night.” She passes him and as she enters the hallway, she turns back to me. “We’ll talk later and I will get you to see my thoughts on this are correct.”
Julian sits in the chair she just vacated. “Do tell, maybe we don’t have to worry about you after all unless you are becoming a little hussy.” He smirks, but holds up his hand immediately. “I’m just kidding. Knowing you, if you were at his house, it had to be because you fell asleep there. Did you fall face first into the dessert?”
“No, we were talking and it got late. I was going to call a cab but he said worrying about me going home would distract him from some overseas business calls he had to make so he asked if I wouldn’t mind staying. I slept on his couch.”
“Well that’s a start. I guess.” 
“What are you doing here anyway? You’re not on duty today.”
“I know. Kelly and I took the kids with her parents to that interactive museum and they are eating lunch across the street. I knew that you were coming in and wanted to warn you. When I was working yesterday, I overheard a conversation between Geoffrey and Stan. He was talking about how Amanda had convinced the Board how advantageous auctions would be because she knew that you hadn’t traveled in the proper circles to get the donations that are necessary. She is already speaking with companies and lining them up so that she can save the day. Stan told Geoffrey that if you fail, he is sure that he can get at least four of the Board members to vote with him to ensure that the plastic surgery wing is funded with two-thirds of the proceeds from those auctions, but that he couldn’t touch the money that was already earmarked for an even split.”
“If he gets two thirds of the remaining funding, I might as well close now. What we have secured currently is great, but it won’t buy what we need. The Board said it would be split. They can’t go back on their word.”
“Of course they can, especially if you fail to get this lined up. How are you doing on that end?”
“The good news is that Jonathan already secured some vacations and I am going with a friend of Max’s to talk to the art curator where I bought the cabin picture to see if I can get that artist on board to make some donations along with some other artists.”
“How are you coming on her suggestions about auctioning off bachelors and bachelorette’s for a dinner?”
“I was thinking about talking to the restaurant across the street, they have that rooftop dining. Maybe they would be willing to donate the restaurant one evening if I made a donation to the cost of the food.”
“That sounds like a good idea, but have you talked with local businessmen or women who we could auction to attend that?”
“No, but Jonathan came up with an idea last night about auctioning off some of the staff and advertising it with the spin of the staff that is dedicated to securing the best possible care for their patients putting themselves out there to accompany you to a marvelous dinner. I know that I am not putting the proper spin on it, but it was something like that.”
“That’s actually an excellent idea, but you are going to have to get the proper staff members on board before you announce that spin, otherwise, they will strong arm all the staff members they need into doing it after turning you down first.”
“I didn’t think about that.”
“Well you need to think about things like that.”
“Can I ask you a favor?”
“Sure, what is it?”
“Could you email me a list of potential staff members and I will try to come up with a list of my own so that I can reach whoever I think is on today and then can come back after I go see Salvatore and see who else I can reach. The next Board meeting is in a few days and they are going to want to know what my progress is.”
“I’ll do that after I put the kids to sleep. Tracy is going out with her sister tonight anyway.”
Rising, I hug him. “You’re wonderful. Thank you for the warning and for making me a list this evening. I should start rounds. I’ll see you later.”
Chapter Three - An Encounter With The Past

My day is routine giving me time to speak with a few trusted colleagues who agree to be part of the auction and promise not reveal what I am doing to anyone. Dr. Angel even agrees to speak with two of the nurses that I knew by appearance only, but would be good candidates and could be trusted. After reviewing Julian’s list, I check the schedule and plan to return to talk with them. 
Arriving at the gallery, Samantha is speaking with Salvatore. “Salvatore, this is the physician I spoke to you about, Mia Angelis.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you. Samantha was telling me that you purchased the cabin painting.”
“I did. There is just something about it which summoned me the moment I came into your fine hall. I understand that you have been marketing the artist as a recluse, but I heard that he donated a print to a New Hampshire hospital in exchange for their providing services to those uninsured in that area and I was wondering if it would be possible to speak with him about donating some prints in order to auction them off for a new pediatric wing.”
“Dr. Angelis, I would love to help you. Samantha was telling me about your endeavor, but I have never met the artist. I am not marketing him as a recluse he is one and doesn’t want his name known. In truth, he is not even the one who took me the paintings, they came with three separate individuals at three separate times with instructions to deposit the money at into a local bank, which I did.”
“How did you get in touch with him about the picture that was donated then?” 
“I asked the gentleman who delivered the last four paintings I received if I could have an address so as to communicate a request and so that I could contact the artist about future exhibits.” 
“Do you think that I could have the address where you sent the request so that I could write his representative a letter?”
“I don’t know if I can give it out, but if you would like to forward your request to me, I will pass it along.”
“That would be wonderful. Thank you very much. Do you think that any of your other featured artists may consider participating in our auction?”
He smiles. “They do know the importance of getting their name out there and your auction may allow some of them to get noticed. I have their works out in the back. You may want to go through them, and see which artists suit your style because they have quite a unique view of things and all of them may not be right for the tone of your auction. Once you have gone through them, I would be happy to give you the contact information for the artists you desire to speak with.”
“That would be wonderful.” He leads Samantha and me to the backroom where we spend the next two hours going through covered canvases and taking down the names of potential artists. As we put everything back in order, Salvatore rushes in. “The last gentleman that I spoke of is here, he said that he found another print that he forgot to deliver. Maybe you could talk to him.”
Samantha turns to me. “Go, but make sure Salvatore doesn’t hang that print, I want the first chance to purchase it.”
“Thank you so much.” I rush out of the room and down the hall catching site of a tall gentleman standing with his back toward me and holding a five by six wrapped painting.”
“Excuse me sir.” He turns.
“Yes.”
I put my hand out to shake his now extended hand. “Hi, my name is Mia Angelis”
“I’m Reginald. Salvatore told me you had a question for me.”
 “I’m a physician at the local hospital and I am wondering if you could tell me about the artist whose picture you are holding.”
“He is a rather private individual who prefers to remain anonymous. Why?”
“I heard that he is very charitable when it comes to children and I am scheduling an art auction in order to raise funds for a new pediatric wing that is to be built at our hospital. I wanted to contact him regarding the possibility of his donating some of his work to that auction.”
“I see. He does have a soft spot for children. I can’t put you in direct contact with him, but I could give you a local address where you could write to him someone there will pass it along for you. If he is interested, I’m sure that he will respond.”
“That would be wonderful.” Reaching into my pocket, I hand him my phone. “Would you mind putting the information into my telephone and I will put the print on Salvatore’s desk.”
“Alright” He takes the phone.
When I return, the gentleman is gone and my telephone is at the base of a sculpture with a note. I had to leave. Good luck with this, I hope that it helps you with what you are looking for.
Samantha comes out. “Where is the gentleman?”
“He left, but gave me an address where I could try and contact the artist. I put the painting in Salvatore’s office.” 
“Shall we go and see what it is?” She inquires.
She opens the wrapping and to our surprise, it isn’t a painting at all, it is a black and white photograph of what appears to be a wall mural of animals with certain ones painted over in muted colors. It is unlike anything I have ever seen an artist do before. 
“This is perfect.” I could hear Samantha say, but my mind is elsewhere and I’m unaware that my fingertips are gliding over a painted gray elephant. Samantha’s voice is far off in the distance as an image of me standing before the mural touching the gray elephant flashes before me. “Mia” Samantha calls louder and places her hand upon my shoulder pulling me from my distant thought. “Where were you?”
“I’m sorry, my mind drifted.”
“I know, I was calling you and you didn’t respond. You looked as if you were far away.”
“No, it was strange, I felt as if I was seeing myself touching the mural. I swear this artist brings out very vivid pictures in me.”
“Well that is the sign of a really good one, isn’t it?”
“I suppose so.”
“Let me go and speak to Salvatore about buying this, it would be perfect for the nursery and then, if you would like, I’d love to show you the other paintings I purchased.”
“Can I take a rain check for another day? I have to go back to the hospital in order to speak with a few of the staff members about another aspect of the auction.”
“Sure, in fact, why don’t you come over for dinner Thursday?”
“That would be a lot of fun.”
Walking out, she calls after me. “Mia, feel free to bring someone if you like.”
It’s a bright crystal day outside and the temperature is perfect, so I walk back to the hospital knowing that everyone I need to speak to is on duty until midnight and Geoffrey’s shift doesn’t end for another hour. I even stop at a small coffee shop to assure that he is gone before I return. I don’t need him becoming suspicious or asking questions.
By the time I arrive, Davis is nowhere to be found. I convince all those that I want to speak with and those Julian sent me to join this endeavor. Returning to my apartment, I’m extremely satisfied. I secured twenty staff members including Dr. Angel’s two nurses. I also have the names of five artists to contact for the auction in addition to an address for the artist I most want and Jonathan has secured some of the getaways and dinners. After showering, I go over some files before going to the restaurant to speak with the owner about securing his location.
It is fairly quite in the indoor dining room, but from, the way the wait staff is hustling, the roof deck must be filled to capacity. 
The hostess approaches me. “Is it just you Dr. Angelis, this evening?”
Surprised that she knows who I am considering that I have only eaten here a few times, I nod. She must realize my surprise. “I recognize you from the hospital you operated on my brother last week.” She says.
“I hope he is doing well.”
“Yes he is. It’s a twenty minute wait for a roof deck table.”
“That’s alright, I prefer to eat inside and if it is possible, I would like to see the owner if he is here?”
She shows me to a small booth. “Richard isn’t here now, but he should be coming in shortly. I’ll send him over when he arrives. What can I get you to drink?”
Before I could answer, I hear a familiar voice. “Good evening. May I join you?” Jonathan slips in the seat across from me.
“What are you doing here?” I ask surprised.
“I went by your apartment and when there was no answer, I headed over toward the hospital. I saw you enter as I was exiting and figured you were coming here to talk shop.” He chuckles. 
Looking up at the hostess, “I’ll have an ice coffee please.”
She turns to Jonathan. “A scotch neat. Thank you.”
“So why were you at my apartment?” I inquire as he turns his attention back to me.
“I wanted to let you know that I secured three artists who are associated with the gallery I spoke to you about and if you are able to secure the hospital staff at the bachelor and bachelorette auction, I have several business associates who have agreed to attend and bid. Also, speaking with one of my colleagues, he suggested an interesting twist on the auction. He thought that it may be very interesting to couple the auction with a masquerade ball, considering the season, and since the staff is not used to being the subject of such attention, it may be a little less awkward for them and the intrigue of a reveal may entice the bidders.” He smiles widely.
“That’s wonderful, but you didn’t have to come into town to tell me that, you could have called me.”
He shakes his head as if I’m missing the obvious. The hostess returns with our drinks. “Are you ready to order?”
“I will have the chicken Caesar salad. Thank you.” I said.
“I’ll have the petit fillet, rare with the garlic potatoes.”
He turns his attention back to me. “I would think that my coming into town would have been fairly obvious. Mia, I enjoy your company and am hoping that in addition to working on this project together, maybe we could spend more time getting to know each other. If I had just called you, I wouldn’t be able to enjoy this dinner with you.”
“Jonathan, I can’t even tell you how much I appreciate what you are doing to help me make this wing a reality, but there must be so many woman who would be beyond flattered to have you shower this much attention on them and who could reciprocate in kind, why would you want to expend so much effort on a lost cause?”
“I don’t believe that you are a lost cause. In fact, I don’t think you realize how valuable and important you are. Mia, you and I could make a wonderful team and do great things if you could just let go of your past ghosts and forge ahead. Trust me. We could be very good together.” He reaches across the table and brushes my hand. 
Thankfully a gentleman comes over to our table and he withdraws it immediately. “Amber said that you were looking for me.” 
Rising, I put my hand out. “Yes, I’m Dr. Angelis, I work across the street and was wondering if I could speak with you about your restaurant.” Pulling a chair from the other table, he sits down. “The hospital is running a benefit where we are auctioning off dinner with staff members and I was wondering if you would be willing to donate the rooftop for one evening and your restaurant services.”
“Dr. Angelis, I appreciate the constant patronage that I receive from the hospital staff and your visitors, but the rooftop café brings in quite a sum each night, especially when the weather is good and I need to make as much as I can before winter sets in.”
“Would you be more amenable to this arrangement if I were to cover your costs associated with the food?” I ask hopeful.
“Dr. Angelis I assume that this has to do with the new wings that I have heard about and I can appreciate what you are doing, but do you know how much revenue I would lose and the loss of tips to my wait staff, they depend upon that to supplement their wage.”
Jonathan interjects. “Richard, you know what a good cause the wings are, but have you considered what the increase in your patronage from their proposed plastic surgery wing alone could mean to you? Besides, the loss of revenue could be calculated and seen as a charitable contribution to the hospital that you would be able to deduct. As far as the loss of tips to your wait staff, if you were willing to lose the revenue from closing the rooftop café for one evening and cover the cost of the food, I would ensure that your staff is well compensated for their efforts.” His eyes lock with Richard’s and his stare turns intense, almost as if he is compelling him to respond.
“I guess if I consider it that way, I could close it down on a Monday evening that is one of our more modest evenings.” He sighs. “Alright, you have a deal, let me know at least a week ahead of time and we will provide a set meal for all the patrons that evening.” He rises. “It was a pleasure meeting you both. I hope you enjoy your dinner.”
“You have quite a presence about you.” I remark on Richard’s quick turnaround. “I thought for sure he was going to turn down my request.”
“You just have to know how to talk to them. Everyone is motivated by self-interest. You like to see the good in people, but sometimes you have to look beyond that to see their true nature and play upon that.”
“I thought that is why you hang around me.” I tease.
“That is not the only reason.” He reaches across the table again, stroking my hand. Thankfully the waitress is approaching with our dinner and he has to retract it.
“When is the Board meeting to discuss your progress?”
“In two days.”
“You should put together a written proposal with projections to ensure that Geoffrey and Amanda cannot sabotage your work to take credit.” My face drops. As good as I am with a scalpel I couldn’t put together a proposal, especially in two days. “I would be happy to help you put together the proposal and figures. I have some templates on my computer that we could modify and use.
Knowing that I couldn’t give him what he is looking for and not wanting to take him away from his work, I drop my eyes. “I couldn’t impose upon you like that. I’m sure that you have your own work to pursue.”
“You are not imposing and I offered. Would you like to accompany me back this evening so that we could get started?”
Looking at my watch, it’s 9:30. If I go now, I know what he will suggest and I don’t want to get into that type of situation again. “If it wouldn’t be too inconvenient for you, could I come over to your house first thing in the morning? I have to email some of the artists that Salvatore gave me today and compose a letter to the mystery artist.”
He smiles in a way that tells me he knows my true reason for declining to come this evening. “Well if you won’t come home with me, could I at least convince you to come up on the roof for a dance or two considering what we have accomplished so far.” Rising, he holds out his hand.
You never give up do you?”
“Not where you’re concerned.” He takes my hand and heads toward the stairs. We dance several dances before he allows me to move off the floor. “Thank you again for everything this evening, but I really should compose those letters. I will see you tomorrow.” He doesn’t release my hand and his stare become more intense. Stretching, I kiss him on the cheek and he finally releases me. “Good night.” 
After emailing the other artists, I take some stationary from my desk draw and compose a letter to my mystery artist. Dear Artist, I have been a patron of fine artists throughout my adult life, but I have never been touched in the way that your art has touched the deepest layer of my soul. Your work marvels that of the classical artists of long past and I have been told that your mastery of pallet is only matched by the compassion in your heart for the underdog. I am a physician at a New York hospital who believes patients’ needs should always come first, especially when they are young. To that end, I have started a project to bring a new pediatric wing to the hospital in the memory of my mother, Dr. Ann Angelis, who was a pediatric trauma surgeon and Alex, a physician who devoted his life to servicing pediatric patients, even those who were unable to secure health insurance. I’m sure that you are well aware that your art has completely sold out in record time and you are considered one of the hottest new artists in this region. I am arranging a benefit and asking up and coming artists, such as yourself, to consider donating a painting or two to auction off in order to make this wing a reality. The gentleman who delivered your last painting to Salvatore provided me with an address to write you when I explained to him that I heard of your generosity to a pediatric waiting area in New Hampshire and was wondering if you would grace us with the same generosity. I can assure you that I personally try to ensure that those who need care and are without insurance are covered in different ways and serviced by some of our hospital’s finest physicians. I myself will also pledge time, in addition to what I undertake at our hospital, at one of the free clinics in our area, if you would consider my request. My hand freezes as Jonathan’s words about a big reveal of the staff causes a thought to pop into my head. I know that you appreciate your anonymity, but I am wondering if you would consider making a short appearance at the auction. We would put a spin on it as the big reveal of the artist who everyone is speaking of and this would bring quite a few more bidders or we could auction one of your paintings at the art auction and any others you may share, at our masquerade ball which you could attend and we would reveal your identity as your painting is sold. Salvatore has been inundated with requests regarding your identity. However, if this is too much to ask I apologize. I am new to this end of the health business. My forte is in surgery, not raising money, but this project is near and dear to my heart. I want to bring the badly needed specialized care to our younger patients, which cannot be fulfilled by staff members who generally deal with adults. Thank you for your time in reading my request and I hope that you will contact me regarding this endeavor. I can be reached by phone at 555-1789. Sincerely, Dr. Angelis.
Scrawling the address on the letter, I realize it is not that far away. I decide to walk over and deliver it in person. Despite knowing the artist probably doesn’t live there, at least whoever is working with him will have it without delay.
The lobby is quaint. An elderly gentleman behind a security desk rises when I enter. “Dr. Angelis, it has been years, how have you been?”
“I’m sorry do I know you?”
“It’s me Harry. I know it has been oh about ten years, but I remember you.”
“I’m sorry, I have never been here, you must have met my twin sister.” 
“I apologize. It’s just that ... Can I help you with something?”
“I was wondering if I could leave this for the gentleman in the penthouse suite.”
“I could take it up there, but the suite is only used intermittently.”
“Do they regularly pick up their mail?”
“Sometimes or they have me forward it to them.”
“If you wouldn’t mind, this is extremely important. Could you forward it to them for me?”
“Absolutely, I’ll do it tonight.”
“Thank you very much for your help.” Shaking his hand, “It is very nice meeting you Harry.”
“Please tell your sister I said hello.”
I smile at him and open the door to leave when the man who gave me the address enters. “Good evening, Dr. Angelis, what brings you here?”
“I was just delivering a letter for the artist.”
“Where is it?”
“I have it Mr. Smythe, I was going to forward it to them this evening.”
Taking the envelope from Harry, he turns back to me. “Why don’t I go upstairs and I could fax it to them. Would you like to accompany me upstairs for a cold drink while I fax the letter?’
Although I’m not thirsty, I’m anxious to see the letter get to the artist so I follow him to the elevator. Taking a key from his pocket, he places it in the slot and punches in a code next to the ‘ph’ button. 
“You must be quite anxious to secure this artist if you would come out late in the evening?”
“I am. This project is extremely important to me.” 
“It sounds as if it is very personal to you. I mean I have filtered requests for his art from others, yet you seem very passionate about your project.”
“I am. I love helping children.”
We arrive upstairs, cross the foyer and entered a beautiful apartment with an extraordinary view. Reginald stops at the window a moment. “The view really takes your breath away when the city is all alight doesn’t it?”
As I join him there looking out at the spectacular site a strange feeling comes over me as if I had been here before, standing before this very glass, but not clearly seeing the city before me. As this thought crosses my mind, I remember how Harry thought he knew me and wondered if there was some sort of connection, if I could be feeling this way because my sister had been here. I didn’t even realize Reginald has moved away until I hear him faxing my letter. “Dr. Angelis, what would you like to drink?”
“It’s Mia, please and water is fine.”
As I turn, I see the fax dialing a 207 exchange. The artist must be in Maine. Reginald returns with two sparkling waters. “Thank you.”
“Mia, I know you said that this project is important to you because you like helping children, but, if you don’t mind my saying so, you seem to be driven by something more and Salvatore was telling me that the wing was being named after your mother and spouse.”
“Yes, both of them passed away. They dedicated their lives to helping others and I want their legacies to live on and do the same.”
“You seem rather young to have lost a spouse, was it an illness?”
I can’t understand his interest, but I feel more comfortable speaking with him than I have to people I have known for years. Maybe it’s because he doesn’t know my past and isn’t trying to push me into a future I do not want to grasp. As he moves to sit on a recliner, I sit on the sofa. “My husband was taken from me during a home invasion.”
“I’m sorry. Losing someone suddenly can be quite traumatic.”
“You sound as if you lost someone.”
“Yes, I did, it was a long time ago, but sudden and unexpected. I don’t think that you ever get over something like that and no matter how hard others try to erase your memory of the events, your surroundings seem to bring them back, even if only in flashes or dreams.”
His tone turns serene. “I find that my dreams tell me things that I hadn’t realized about the time I spent with loved ones, sometimes they even reveal things I didn’t realize when the events were occurring. It is quite a journey when you open yourself up and realize how much you shared with that person and how they forever touched your heart in a way that no one can erase.”
“I know exactly what you mean and only those who have lost someone can truly understand that.” Despite my wanting to stay and speak with him more, I am mindful of the time. I rise. “Thank you for forwarding my request.”
“You are very welcome. I will speak with him directly and try to secure a positive result. I know how sincere you are about this project.”
“Thank you again.” I walk home hopeful.
Waking early the next morning, I call over to Jonathan’s. “Good morning, Mia. How did you sleep?”
“Quite well, thank you. Is it still alright for me to come over and work on the proposal this morning?”
“Anthony is waiting downstairs for you when you are ready.”
“You didn’t have to do that. I could have taken a taxi.”
“He had to drop some paperwork off in town anyway. I will see you when you arrive.”
I dress quickly and true to his word, Anthony is waiting for me.
When I arrive, Jonathan is in his office, working. Moving around his desk, I see several schedules and blurbs opened on both computers. “I thought I would get a jump start on the proposal. I plugged in some of the projections and believe that if we could rally enough support you will be able to build the wing you desire after these three benefits.”
“Are you serious? I thought we would still be quite far off and I would have to seek alternative financing. You would go over the top, I believe, if you would allow the local newspapers to run a story on the physician who has expended most of her husband’s insurance on allowing young children to recapture their lives, despite their lack of insurance.”
I freeze. “How did you know that? Paul would not have told you.”
“He didn’t.” He turns in his chair. “I have my ways of learning things, especially when I am interested in someone. You accused me of being a do gooder, but do you realize what publicity your actions could bring for these new fund raising events. Considering what occurred the night you were unable to attend because you helped the accident victims, the donations you would receive with this news would make those results pale in comparison.”
“I don’t know how you found out about that, but I didn’t do it for publicity.”
“I’m not saying that you did. All I’m saying is that you need to consider that your heartfelt actions could lead to something much bigger and more permanent. This is what I have been trying to get across to you since I met you. You need to look beyond the confines that you seem to impose upon yourself because you tend to miss the bigger picture. Think of it this way, I’m sure that Alex’s money is running out, but the publicity that you could get from this type of story could yield permanent results which far surpass your lifetime and Alex’s dwindling settlement proceeds. A story denoting that the physician running this benefit ensures that money she received from a tragic event is used to help others who suffer recapture their life is spearheading the project to ensure those who have no voice, the children who suffer ailments and injuries, have a place dedicated to securing the best medical care will touch those who can afford to do something to contribute big, while I’m sure those who do not have much, would be happy to come by the hospital and drop by smaller donations. Mia, trust me on this. You want to ensure that the pediatric wing is sufficiently represented in this endeavor, what better way to do it than to get the hospital free positive publicity and ensure the benefits are a tremendous success.”
“I don’t know. There just seems to be something so wrong about publicizing this.”
Rising from his chair, he places his hands on my arms. “Mia, please trust me, it would only yield positive results, the hospital can’t get upset over this, you covered all costs and Paul donated his time. They will commend you, not reprimand you.”
“I have to think about it.” I can’t help stiffening at his touch and he removes his hands and sits back down.
“Let me show you what I have so far and what something like the publicity could do to change it.” He plays around with the computer for quite some time, asking me to read off figures from a notepad as he inputs them. Then he prints out some pages, showing me the projections. “Now, if you were to take advantage of the free publicity, that your story could generate, the figures may increase to this.” He grabs the new pages just printed.
“That can’t be right. The figures here are almost doubled.”
“Free publicity will help you reach a much larger audience. These figures are on the conservative side. If your story were picked up by more than just local media or go viral, even these projections would pale in comparison.”
Staring at the difference in the numbers, I still can’t reconcile letting people know what I did and the publicity would be most unwelcome.”
Moving toward the door “Let’s have some lunch you must be starving, considering the time.”
I’m, shocked to realize it’s three o’clock. “I should go. I didn’t realize how much of your time I was monopolizing with this. You lost almost a whole day.” 
He waits in the archway. “I didn’t lose anything. I got to share the day with you and now I’m asking you to spend some time with me.” He extends his hand to me and I could tell from his features he is not going to take no for an answer.
I follow him out to the patio. Over lunch he asks me more about my family and speaks of his travels. When we finish, I remember about his friends and wonder if they were still here. “Is the couple who came to visit you still here?”
“Yes, they went sightseeing today and won’t be back until tomorrow evening. I think they were going up the New England coast.”
“Does that mean your friend’s companion is feeling better?”
“Yes she is seeing things much more clearly.”
“I hope that I didn’t keep you from going with them.”
“No, they were going to visit some places where I would not be welcome and I didn’t want to hamper their efforts in these areas.” He must have caught my surprise. “Mia, sometimes when you are in a business such as mine, people do not appreciate your efforts and become offended by how you operate because it goes against the way they do things or hampers their ability to accomplish other goals. They fail to realize that there always needs to be a balance and I just ensure that one is maintained.”
Finishing up, I rise to leave. “Thank you for lunch and for the reports, they will be very useful when the Board meets tomorrow. I’ll just get them and allow you to have the rest of the day to conduct your business, it sounds very demanding.”
Standing before me, he brushes my cheek with his knuckles. “Why don’t you stay and come for a swim with me. The pool is heated and the weather today is quite lovely.” Seeing the no in my eyes before I can utter it, he tries a new tact. “You could look at it as a way to work off lunch. I know how you like to run, but by the time you get back to town, it will be dark and I would hate to think of you running alone at night.”
“I can’t.”
“Why, there isn’t anyone at home waiting for you and if you were working tonight, you wouldn’t have even sipped the wine.”
“I didn’t bring a bathing suit.”
“I believe there is a brand new one in the other room with your name on it. If I promise to be on my best behavior, will you stay, please?”
I sigh but agree to stay. As I put on the suit, I realize that I need to work out more and cut out these large meals because I feel as if I gained weight, especially in my mid-waist. Coming out, he is already in the pool doing laps. Stepping in, I do a few of my own. After about thirty minutes, he swims over to where I stopped to catch my breath. “So was I lying about the water?”
“No, it is quite warm and wonderful, but I really should get changed and start heading back.”
His arms move, snaking around my waist and he brings me closer to him. “Do you really need to go or are you just afraid that if you stay, you may learn that you actually like me and may give me a chance to get closer to you.” He places his lips on the side of my neck, moving them slowly up to my ear. “Mia, you are a beautiful, strong woman, give us a chance. Sometimes it is good to be a little bad and surrender yourself to someone.”
I pull away. “I’m sorry, I can’t do this now.” Pulling myself up the side of the pool, I hurry back to where I left my clothes, happy to see Anthony in the hall. “Could you please call me a taxi? I will be ready in a moment.”
When I came out, Jonathan was nowhere to be found and I’m sure I’ve upset him, but I can’t be with him, not when my heart still belongs to the one who can no longer be with me. Jumping into the taxi, I head home, all the while chiding myself for getting into a situation where I upset the one person who could help me, the one person I need to make this endeavor work. I should have seen this coming and figured out a better way to have handled it. As the elevator doors open, I am surprised to see a vase of white roses outside my door. Pulling them inside, I open the card. I’m sorry that I made you uncomfortable this evening. I should have realized I needed to move slower. Please forgive me and let me make amends by taking you to dinner, someplace public this Thursday, before I leave on business for a few days. Jonathan.
I am shocked that he could get flowers here so quickly, but am relieved that I haven’t alienated him to the point where I would lose his assistance. 
Lying in bed, desperate for sleep so that my head would be clear at the meeting, it refuses to find me and my anxiety over it causes severe heart burn. Tossing and turning, by four o’clock, I finally begin drifting, but my dreams are erotic and disturbing. I am surrounded by the warm, swirling waters of a Jacuzzi, in the arms of a sandy haired, muscle toned man. Desire consumes me as I pull myself into his chiseled physique. Despite his cool fingertips running down my spine, his touch ignites a fire beneath my skin that burns so hot, I cannot feel anything but the heat from the blazing blood my overactive pulse pushes through my body. His cool lips touch mine as he lifts me into his arms and moves, finally laying me on a soft mattress. He is loving and caring and being with him is sweet, but when I open my eyes in my dream, I cannot see his face, yet I’m not afraid. As I try to force his face in my mind, my eyes flutter open. Staring around my room, my eyes are drawn to the cabin as a stray sunbeam penetrates the blinds. I feel strange, knowing that the man could not be Alex and unable to understand why I am not feeling guilty. I can’t understand my reaction to this dream at all, but am desperate to get back to it, to see the face of the man who is driving my subconscious desires. Squeezing my eyes closed, I envision his muscular chest, strong arms and sandy hair, but still cannot force his facial features to mind. Arguing with myself, I have to consider that it is Jonathan. He is the only other single person I have been around the last year. Maybe I can’t see his face because I am fighting the idea that it is him too much. Maybe Reginald is right and my dreams are trying to tell me that my subconscious does want to be with him. Despite my realization, something deeper inside of me is fighting this, screaming that my forced interpretation is wrong and that somewhere deep inside my heart I know it isn’t him. I scream at both my mind and heart, throw the covers over my head in exasperation and concentrate on more pressing matters. When I finally realize sleep refuses to break through my warring emotions and thoughts, I rise, shower, and leave for the hospital. At least patient care always makes sense to me.
When I arrive, the hospital is buzzing. Julian is in the hall. “What’s going on?”
“We have multiple victims being med-flighted in. There was a horrific accident on the bridge.”
Running to my office, I drop the projections for the Board meeting and fly down to emergency to assist. Several need surgery. Scrubbing for yet another procedure, I realize that the meeting is going to start in five minutes. I turn to Janet. “Don’t scrub, I need you to get the first pile of papers off my desk and get them to each member of the Board. Tell them I’m in surgery but everything is set forth in the proposal and projections. Just bring them the top set, leave the rest.” By the time I close on the last surgery, I am dead on my feet. Sitting on a bench outside of surgical three, I close my eyes. Someone sits next to me. “Mia.” I recognize Mrs. Johnson’s voice immediately and open my eyes. “We reviewed the proposals which you had Janet deliver and whatever publicity you are considering in the second proposal you need to do. If you could really deliver those figures, the Board has voted to give you anything you desire for the children’s wing. If even two thirds of the projected figures in that proposal could be achieved, a reserve could be created which makes the Board members much more comfortable with the pediatric margins.”
“What second proposal?” I shake my head suspecting what Janet must have done. She hands me my proposals. “Mrs. Johnson, are you telling me that the Board would not be as comfortable backing the pediatric wing if only the first proposal figures are achievable?”
Her features turn very businesslike and she hands me another proposal which I’m sure someone on Dr. Davis’ staff prepared. “I am telling you that we reviewed not only your two proposals, but Dr. Davis’ as well and can see how a bigger plastic surgery wing would be very beneficial to the hospital over the next ten years. However, if your plan yields the majority of the funds to build such a facility with enough for a reserve, the Board will have to ensure that each wing receives equal spacing and that you are provided with certain desired benefits for your wing for your efforts.” She rises. “I know that you have been in surgery for quite some time and I only came back to convey the message. Have a good evening.”
“Thank you Mrs. Johnson.”
Walking away, she turns. “I hope that you will consider securing whatever publicity this referred to because if you are serious about securing the best wing available for your patients, you are going to need to come up with the figures that surpass Dr. Davis’.” She strolls down the hall without another word. 
I open Geoffrey’s proposal, but all of the figures meld together. The last eighteen hours in surgery are just too draining, I cannot even move from the bench. I can’t understand it. I have been in surgery like this before and never felt so drained. Leaning back against the wall, I close my eyes. Someone is lifting me, pulling me into their taut chest, I’m moving. Forcing my eyes open, they meet Jonathan’s. “Put me down.” 
“I can’t do that. You don’t look as if you can even walk. Don’t worry, no one will see you. Your shift was over several hours ago and I had Janet clock you out. I’m slipping you out the utility exit.”
He walks effortlessly down the tight set of stairs and places me in the back of his car. Leaning my head against the seat, I pass out before the door even shuts. 
Waking, I’m in a bed I do not recognize, in a sparse but beautiful room. Light filters through the drapes. Sitting up, I’m still in my scrubs and don’t have my watch. Rising, I step into the hallway. Walking past a door, I hear a set of angry voices coming from one of the rooms. 
“I have seen you and I think that you are getting soft. You know the importance of this alliance and you know what will happen if you fail.”
“I am not going to fail and I will not allow him to take me over. He has been down there since the conversion and I know what happens to me if I allow otherwise, so don’t lecture me. I know the task and I will achieve it!”
“You are not the only one who will suffer if you fail. If he did split, then the two opposing forces need to be merged to come out the most powerful. You need to seal the deal and it has to be a willing merger or this is through and you are done.”
“Do not lecture me, I have been in this business much longer than you have and I know how to get things accomplished. This is none of your concern, so do not stick your nose where it doesn’t belong, this is my business.”
Suddenly it’s silent except for the footsteps. Running back to the room, I turn and make it appears as I’m just leaving as Jonathan walks toward me. “How did you sleep?”
“Quite well, but you shouldn’t have removed me from the hospital like that. I’m sure that people are talking and that is never a good thing, especially when Dr. Davis is looking for any excuse to discredit me.”
“Mia, you were beyond exhausted and sleeping on a bench. No one saw me take you out the back way.”
“I am used to sleeping on the hospital benches that was not my first time.” My head whirls and my stomach suddenly contracts. Placing my hand over my mouth, I look around realizing I don’t even know where a bathroom is up here. He turns me back toward the room and points to a corner door. I barely make it inside before spewing vomit. 
I can’t believe he followed me in here!. “What can I do to help?” He asked leaning down next to me. 
“Nothing, I just need a few private moments please.” I retort self-conscious enough. Thankfully he quickly retreats. Finally stopping, I clean my mouth. Stepping into the room, Jonathan is standing next to a turned down bed holding a cup of tea.
I walk to him but don’t even reach for the tea. “Thank you, but I need to leave.”
“Mia, you obviously are not feeling well, please get back into bed and drink this tea.”
“I’m fine really.” I run back to the bathroom. Finishing again, I wonder if I’m coming down with the flu. 
Walking out a second time, the tea is on a nightstand and Jonathan approaches me, taking my hand. “You can’t go home now. Get into bed.” He moves in such a way, that I have no place to go but the bed. Crawling into bed, unable to even object anymore, he covers me, sits on the edge and hands me the tea. “Drink this, it may calm your stomach and I will get you some crackers.”
“Jonathan, I know you have a business deal to work on and I need to get out of your way, just call me a taxi, please.”
“My business is going just fine and you need to rest and get better. Physician’s orders.”
“Wait, I’m the physician.”
“I know, but humor me.”
If the truth be told, I’m not even sure I could make it to the taxi, let alone home. I sip the tea and then put it on the night table, placing my head back on the pillow. Raising my hand to my head, it doesn’t feel hot, nor do my bones ache, which is typical of the flu. Feeling my glands, they are not swollen and since I haven’t eaten, it can’t be food poisoning, yet my stomach feels as if it is going to drop right out of me.”
He returns with some soup and crackers. “Try this.” He sits again on the edge of the bed. Taking a few spoons, my stomach churns again so I nibble on a saltine which helps a little. When I keep the saltines down, he rises, goes into the bathroom and turns on the water. Several moments later, he returns. “There is a nice hot bath waiting for you. I’m sure that it would make you feel much better. There’s a bathrobe on the door and when you come out, I will have a set of sweats laying out for you.” He doesn’t even wait for my objection before he’s out the door.
The bath is wonderful and calms my aching stomach quite a bit, but as I look down, I cannot understand why it is distended. I need to stop eating rich foods and run regularly again. As I relax, I hear voices but this time they are distant and strange but somehow very familiar. It’s strange they feel like a distant memory, trapped within the recesses of my mind. I strain to make out the words and barely hear them “I will be here for you don’t’ worry,” I don’t remember Alex saying that to me. Could Janet be right, is there a beyond and is he telling me he is with me now. I shake my head, of course there isn’t, stop being ridiculous. 
Before I can dwell on this further Jonathan calls out to me, “Mia, are you alright?”
“I am.” I rise quickly and grab the robe hoping I locked the door.
When I walk out, he was holding a navy pair of sweats. A strange fleeting look crosses his face as his eyes shift toward the knot in my robe, but they move too quickly to the floor for me to be sure. “These should fit you nicely.” He hands them to me. “Once you place them on, why don’t you come downstairs? A little fresh air may make you feel better.” He turns and leaves.
Dressing quickly, he is sitting on a lounge chair outside and I sit next to him. “Thank you for the bath and change of clothes, but how did you come about having my size?”
“When you fell asleep in my car, we stopped at a local shop and picked them up.”
“You shouldn’t have gone to so much trouble. I’m sure that I have completely disturbed your day and should let you get back to it, instead of babysitting me.”
“Mia, why are you always trying to run away from me? Even doing it in such a polite and kind way, you are wounding my ego.”
“I told you, it is not you. I’m sure that you can gather that from all of the women who have crossed your path and stay. It’s me. I am detached from a life I used to know how to live and I can’t get back there.” I rise to leave. “I really should be getting back.”
Rising he wraps his arms around my waist. “Getting back to what, an empty apartment? Did you ever consider that you are detached from a life that you can’t get back to because it was one to which you didn’t belong. I could show you an alternate path and you could be very happy with your new course, with me.” I could see him leaning in to kiss me but I just can’t let that happen. Placing my head on his chest, his arms tighten around me bringing me closer. As he finally moves back, his fingers run along my pelvis before he grabs my hands and sits back down. Staring at me with a look of surprise in his eyes, I could swear I hear him mumble. “Could it be?” As his thoughts return to the here and now, his voice becomes stronger. “Please sit; I have a proposition for you.”
I sit.
“Mia, we are going to be working together on your project this next month anyway. I really do want to help you succeed in your efforts. Give me the month to convince you that we are right together.”
“Jonathan, you could use that time to start with someone who is not closed off. Just think about it, by the time the masquerade auction comes about you could be with someone, have a really nice evening and form a relationship which may lead to a commitment.”
“There’s only one problem with that.”
“What?”
“The person that I want to commit to me is you. All I’m asking for is a month of your time. In forever, that is so short it is no more than a blink of an eye.”
“Why are you so persistent?”
“I know what I want and know how good we could be together, if you would just open yourself up to the possibility. Look I know that I may not be everything you are looking for or everything you had, but I am a decent choice and I have been told that when I really clean up, I can sometimes be handsome.” He smiles. “Just a month with a little window of a possibility opened. Consider me your other charity case.”
I flip my hands so I could hold both of his. “You are not a charity case, but I’m sure that you know that.”
“Well with you, I’m not so sure, sometimes your rebuffs make me question if I have any appeal at all.”
“It’s not that, you are a very handsome and thoughtful man. I couldn’t have made it this far without the tremendous help you have given me.”
Before I can continue, he interrupts. “Well, then, if I have done so good, a month is all I’m asking for, a month to open up a whole new world for you, one that you may actually enjoy if you give it a chance.”
My stomach acts up again. Springing off the chair, I run to the bathroom. I don’t remember anyone at the hospital being this sick. This is the absolute worse time for me to catch something. Rising off the floor, my head spins wildly and I sink back down. Jonathan enters, lifting me. “Are you alright?” He asks anxiously. 
“I’m fine. I just got a little dizzy, that’s all. You can put me down. I’m fine, really.”
“I don’t think so. You look pretty pale. I’m taking you back upstairs and then I think I’ll call your friend, Julian to come by and take a look at you.”
“You don’t have to bother him, I’m fine. I must have just caught something at the hospital.”
“He was going to come over in the next day or two anyway. I promised him that case of wine.” He ascends the stairs and places me on the bed I was in earlier. Rolling into a ball, hugging my knees, I’m shocked at how strange I feel.
An hour later, Julian is standing in the doorway. “So this is the trick to get you into bed.” He teases, walking over to me.
“Ha. Ha. I wasn’t aware that you moonlight as a comedian.”
Taking my pulse, his tone turns serious. “Maybe your body is rejecting the long double shifts you have been pulling. Janet told me, eighteen hours of surgery. You should know better. You should have had them call the others back in.”
“That’s not my call and you know it.”
“Sh. I can’t hear your heart if your speaking.” After listening to my lungs, he asks me to lay flat. “Did you eat anything strange?”
“No, nothing for at least twenty hours before this began.”
Pressing his fingers into my stomach I wince. As he feels around a little more, the vomit rises again. Pushing past him, I make it into the bathroom just in time. When I finally come out, I barely have enough strength to crawl into bed. 
“Mia, are you sure you didn’t eat anything because you don’t have a temperature, your vitals are normal. I would surmise some type of food poisoning.” He takes out a pill and hands me a glass of water. “Take this, but if the symptoms are the same tomorrow, we should draw some blood. When is your next shift?’
“Tonight”
“Well obviously you can’t work in your condition so I’ll call Jeffers and have him cover for you for once. Are you going to stay here or do you need a ride?”
“A ride would be helpful.” I rise just as Jonathan enters.
“Mia, you are in no condition to take care of yourself if you are not feeling well. Please stay here and let me take care of you. I know you didn’t agree to give it a chance, but let me at least take care of you when you are not feeling well.”
Julian interjects. “That is actually a good idea.” He winks at me. I can’t believe he turned traitor.
“Why don’t we get the wine?” Jonathan puts his hand around Julian’s shoulder. “I have another nice little bottle you may like to try.”
Pulling my legs back into the fetal position hoping that if I fall asleep, I will wake up stronger, my wish is not granted. Even my disturbing dreams are filled with visions of my feeling sick and someone holding my hand while others are yelling in the background. I feel myself becoming extremely worried and my head is pounding, but this time, I’m conscious. As I open my eyes, they meet Jonathan’s. He is sitting at the side of the bed, stroking my temple. 
“Bad dreams”
“What?” I am still groggy.
“You were yelling in your sleep. I became concerned.”
“I’m sorry that I’m such a bother.”
“You’re no bother at all. Why don’t you sit up and try to drink a little. See if you hold it down. Julian said to make sure you don’t dehydrate.” I drink a little and then lien my head back on the headboard. Jonathan removes the glass from my hands. “So it won’t spill on you” but then he maneuvers himself so that my head is against his chest. “The headboard is rather hard. Why don’t you lean on me?” I don’t have the heart to tell him that his strong chest is just as hard. He places his hands on my upper arms and thankfully I fall asleep. 
The next time I wake, the sun is shining brightly.”
“What time is it?”
“It’s noon on Wednesday.”
I’m shocked. I slept for twenty four hours. As I shift, at least my stomach feels better. “You should have woken me. Weren’t you supposed to go out of town?”
“That’s not for a few days and I was right where I wanted to be. How are you feeling?”
“Better, much better actually. Julian must have been right. I must have forgotten that I ate something.”
“Good, then let me get you some breakfast.” He leaves and returns fifteen minutes later with a tray holding coffee and something sweet smelling. As he draws closer to me, the smells stir my stomach and I run. Coming out, he is on the phone. “I will bring her in, see you in an hour. How did that work out? That’s wonderful.”
I pour some water grateful he removed the tray and sip slowly. He places his hand on my shoulder and turns me toward him. “Julian is expecting you for a blood test. Can you get ready or do you need some help?”
“I can get ready and please, call me a cab. I have been way too much trouble.”
Gripping my face gently between his hands, his tone is authoritative. “Stop, you haven’t been any trouble and I’m not calling you a cab. Now get dressed and I’ll be right back.”
At the hospital, Julian is waiting down the lab and takes my blood. “Go home and enjoy the two days off I got you. If you feel better, do something fun. I think that it is all the stress you have been under between the benefits and the long hours, but if the tests reveal anything I’ll call you.”
“Thanks for everything.”
As I exit the lab, I should have known that Jonathan would be waiting for me. “Do you feel up to a little stroll, maybe it may make you feel better.”
“Sure.”
We walk around the park and the fresh crisp air does make me feel better, but the lack of food in my system makes me weak. As if he can read my mind, he pulls out an apple juice. “Try this and I’ll take you home and make you some toast.” I drink it and hold it down. 
When I wake the next morning, I can’t believe he stayed on my couch. He’s asleep so I sneak past him, feeling better to make him some coffee. As I reach for the cups, he appears behind me and kisses my cheek. “You look much better.”
“I feel much better so I decided to make you something to eat for a change.” 
“Can I at least help?”
“No, you can sit; the paper is on the table.”
As I make the waffles, my telephone rings. “Hello” 
“Mia, hi, it’s Samantha, I ran into Janet yesterday and she told me you weren’t feeling well and I was wondering if you still felt up to dinner or if you wanted to change it.”
“I’m feeling much better this morning so I’ll see you around six?” I look over at Jonathan who was now looking at me and I remember he asked to take me out before he left on a trip. “Is it still alright if I bring someone?”
“Sure, I’ll see you then.”
Chapter Four - A Surprising Revelation That Can Change Everything

After breakfast, Jonathan leaves to prepare for his trip but plans on returning at 5:00. I spend the rest of the day securing the artists which I had previously contacted and getting some of the costumes for the staff who volunteered to be auctioned. 
When 5:00 rolls around I’m ready. Jonathan surprises me with flowers before we go. As we enter, Samantha and Scott’s one year old daughter reaches out to me. “She’s lovely” 
“Do you mind?” Samantha asked passing her to me.
“Not at all she’s beautiful. What’s her name?” 
“Ann. Why don’t you sit on the couch, I just have to grab some things from the kitchen.
Jonathan talks to Scott about some stock Scott has a question about. As I sit, my eyes glance to the picture above the mantle. Despite the other art adorning their home, I know this is one of the ones we talked about. Staring at the lighthouse, standing among the crashing waves, I could swear something is missing. When Samantha comes over to me, I have to ask. “Did you have the picture changed? Was there a golden beam glistening across the sky towards the trees when you bought it?”
“No, why would there be, it’s a daytime scene.”
“I must be remembering something else I’ve seen.”
We enjoy a wonderful dinner and I help Samantha clean up while Jonathan takes a business call and Scott puts Ann to bed. Placing the coffee on the table as Samantha places down the pie, my telephone rings. Looking at the caller ID, it’s Julian and I wonder if something happened at the hospital. Excusing myself I move to the sitting area. “Hi Julian, what’s up?”
“Mia, are you sitting down?”
“No why, what’s wrong?”
“I need you to sit down because what I’m going to tell you may come as quite a shock.”
“What is it?”
“I got the results of your blood test and I know what is making you sick?”
“What did you find?”
“Mia, you’re pregnant.”
I drop the phone and although I can hear him calling my name I can’t engage in any movement or conversation. After several very long moments, I lean down and pick up the telephone. “Julian, you have to be wrong, this isn’t funny. I can’t be pregnant. I haven’t slept with anyone since Alex.”
“Mia, I ran the test three times and you are definitely pregnant. I hate to say it, but the night you left my house you said that everything was fuzzy and you found Jonathan in the hallway, is it possible that both of you were so drunk that you didn’t remember?”
“But I kept dumping the wine and...” My words suddenly catch in my throat as I remember how Jonathan turned crimson as he looked at me and how the day at his house, he had touched my stomach and was shaking his head trying to figure out if it could be possible. “Oh my God, Oh my God, no it can’t be possible.” 
“Mia, breathe. Where are you? Do you want me to meet you somewhere?”
“No, but you have to bury that test, don’t let anyone see the results. If you’re right, Geoffrey will have a field day.”
“I have already gotten rid of the results and I’m not even inside the hospital. I’m on my break, so don’t let that concern you. Mia, are you sure you don’t remember being with him?”
“I don’t. I knew when I woke up I had very strange and somewhat erotic dreams, but I didn’t think that ...he was talking about dreams too.”
Just then, Jonathan comes out. “Mia, is everything alright? They are holding dessert for you.” 
“Julian, thank you. I’ll talk to you later.” I hang up and turn to Jonathan. “I have to go.” I walk past him into the other room. “I’m sorry to cut this short, but I have an emergency I have to take care of. Thank you so much for dinner.” Turning on my heals, I walk out quickly aware that Jonathan is behind me. Outside, he grabs my arm halting me. “Mia, what’s wrong? You look absolutely frantic and an emergency at the hospital would not make you like that.”
“I need time to think.” I respond. Without even thinking, I put both of my hands on my stomach, turn and begin walking again unsure of where I am going. 
“Mia, stop. Please tell me what Julian said, is something wrong with you? Was he calling you about your blood work?”
“I can’t do this right now. Excuse me please.” Quickly turning makes me queasy and I only get four feet before I begin vomiting. He is next to me instantly and on the phone instructing Anthony to meet us. Helping me into the car, he passes me a fresh bottle of water. The ride is quick and he helps me up to the apartment. As I open the door, he follows me through, turning me to face him. “Mia, I know this has to do with your blood test and you are really worrying me, please tell me what’s wrong?” He pleads.
It’s going to come out soon enough and he might as well hear it from me, since it is not something I can hide from him or anyone for that matter. “Julian said that I’m pregnant.”
Although he is standing, it appears his legs give out as he flops on the sofa. “It wasn’t a dream.” He mutters. We sit in silence, stunned.
After what seems like hours, he shifts to face me, taking my hands. “Mia, I’m sorry, I knew that I had dreams that night, but I never thought that they were actually a reality. Please don’t worry about anything, I can take care of everything, we can even go back to England and do it there if you prefer and when we return everything will be fine.”
My thoughts are reeling. I had always wanted to start a family with Alex and now Jonathan is talking about terminating the child inside of me. I knew that Geoffrey would bury me with the news, but I can’t terminate this life, especially not for convenience. I didn’t even realize that I withdrew my hands and had placed them around me as if to protect the child. Getting up, I begin pacing. I understand his position, but he is going to have to respect mine, I will distance myself from him so that the press doesn’t get hold of this, but I cannot terminate this life.
Sitting down, I take in a calming breath. “Jonathan, I can appreciate your position on this, but I am not going to England with you to terminate this pregnancy. I can’t. Like you, I’m surprised by this situation and obviously that night, more went on than I realized, but it is not your problem and I assure you that no one will know it’s yours, but I can’t take this life. I’m sorry.”
Moving closer to me, he takes my hands. “Mia, I’m not suggesting that you come home with me to terminate the pregnancy. Why would you even think that I would ask you to terminate a creation that is unique and which I never even imagined I could have the good fortune of being able to bring into this world. The creation that you are carrying and are willing to welcome into this plane will accomplish things that others couldn’t even imagine. I’m not suggesting that you come home with me to terminate the new life, I’m asking you to make a commitment to me. When we return, no one will be able to talk because you and I will be married.”
As stunned as I am from my misunderstanding of his position, this new revelation causes my mind to detach from the rest of me. I am frozen, I can see him stroking my upper arm, but mind can process no more than that, even if it could, I am incapable of prying my mouth open to respond. After what could be hours or maybe even days staring at him in my immobility, my brain registers that he has risen, retreated into the kitchen and is now walking back with a cup of tea. Turning my palms up, he places the warm cup in my hand and maneuvers them to wrap my fingers around it. His voice is soft and guarded as if he is speaking to a wounded animal. “You should drink this.” Moving my hands to raise the cup to my lips, he lifts the mug slightly and as the warm liquid slips down my throat, it pushes the blood up to main brain, slowly defrosting my frozen state. “Please talk to me and tell me what you are thinking. This is too important for you to close yourself off from me.”
My eyes shift, his concern is evident. “I don’t know what to think. As much as this situation has taken me by surprise, your reaction is…” Words fail me, but as his stare becomes more probing, I know he is searching for more, a clue as to what is going on besides the synapses failure shutting down my brain. Taking in a deep breath, I force out my thoughts. “I could understand you wanting to terminate this pregnancy, but wanting to marry me, why?”
He strokes my cheek gently and then rests his hand upon my free hand. “Mia, I told you that I like you and I’ll admit that I thought what I saw happen the night you found me was just a dream, a very passionate dream and one that I wish was much clearer, especially now, but I have wanted a family my whole life and someone to share in my joys and to be there in my sorrows. I can’t think of someone whom I would want to spend my time with growing more than you. I believe that I can show you a life beyond what you have been able to imagine and to share that with a little one, someone to teach and shape into an extraordinary being, is something I could only dream of, but something that you could make a reality. I told you that my mother never fought for me, she just let me go into the hands of someone that would haunt most people’s darkest nightmares. Although you are an extraordinary woman, one who could only grace the sweetest of dreams, I would like to be there too, if you will let me. I have a lot to offer, please don’t cut me out or dismiss me. I know that this is all a shock to you and wasn’t in your immediate plans, but as I have told you before, I believe sometimes destiny pushes us in the proper direction, pushes us to become more than what we thought we could be. You don’t have to give me an answer now, I know that this is a lot to absorb, but I need you to consider what I’m saying. I’m not saying this out of shock, although in truth, I am a little surprised to say the least.” He chuckles. “I mean this and my offer is genuine, it is not something I am saying on a whim and would change my mind tomorrow when the dust settles. You and I can do great things together and maybe this situation is just to push you in the right direction. Trust me I can be good for you.”
The more he speaks, the more speechless I become, but his eyes are pleading for some type of response, some acknowledgement that I understand what he is saying. “I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything right now. All I’m asking is for you to please think about this, we could be very good together.”
I force my hand up to touch his cheek, he is right about this being a life altering decision and not only for myself and now the life that is growing within me, this decision affects him and in the state of shock I am in now, I cannot think clearly. I can’t make a decision now. “Thank you for everything you said. I’m at a loss. I apologize for my misinterpretation earlier, but I hope that you understand that I need some time. I’m sorry, but this is all too new and surprising for me to give you an answer now.”
Relief floods his face and I can tell he suspected that I would say no immediately. “That’s fine. At least you sound as if you will at least consider what I said. Mia, I’m sorry about all of this. I have never taken advantage of a woman before in my life.”
I put my hand up. “Jonathan, don’t. I wasn’t thinking that. I just wish I could remember how it happened, considering...” I stop myself.
“Considering that you would barely let me touch your hand that evening. Mia, it’s alright, I knew you weren’t ready and that’s why I can’t understand how we went from that to what I thought was in my dreams. Do you remember anything?”
“I remember going over the figures and you looked like you were struggling through the headache that I was feeling as well. I felt a little detached from myself when we were having dessert and then in the car. I remember you rising to leave, but not leaving. Then I thought that I was dreaming of my husband and myself together, but I couldn’t see his face and I couldn’t understand my feelings. When I woke, I was extremely frustrated over that, but now I understand why and then I couldn’t understand why I only had on my robe, I never just slept in my robe. But if we did, why would you leave, why would you be in the hall?”
“I wish that I could answer that for you. Because I assure you that although I am no saint, I would not have run out on you if I was in my right mind. I will confess that when we were having dinner with Julian and Kelly I thought about you in that fashion, but it was pretty obvious that there was no way that it was going to happen that evening.”
I chuckle slightly. “Obviously we were both wrong on that count.”
Taking my hands again, his tone is contrite. “Mia, I’m sorry I left. Honestly, if I was in my right mind, I would have never left. I have never skulked out on a woman and by the intensity of what I thought were my dreams, I have never felt as passionate about someone either. I can’t explain my actions and why that is where you found me, but that is not who I am and I beg you that when you consider my proposal, you will not think of me as someone who would run out on you, because if you commit to me, I will never leave you.”
“I don’t think that you would. That isn’t why I can’t give you an answer now, although I want you to know how much I appreciate your candidness and the offer you have made me.”
There’s a knock. Jonathan rises and opens the door. As Julian walks in, Jonathan turns still in the archway. “I’ll leave you two to talk, but Mia, please call me when your through.” I nod and he leaves.
Julian sits by me. “How are you feeling?”
“You didn’t have to come. I’m sure your shift was long and Kelly is waiting for you.”
“I told her you still weren’t feeling well so that I was coming to check on you before coming home.”
“You didn’t tell her did you?” I panic.
“Of course not, this is something only you can share.”
“Thank you.”
“From the look on Jonathan’s face, you told him.”
“I had to. He knew something was up and it is not like I can hide it for long or that it would be too difficult for him to figure out once it came out.”
“What did he say?”
“He made me an offer of marriage. He says he wants to be there and he kept apologizing.”
“What did you say to him?”
“I told him that I need time to think this through. I’m still trying to piece together that night and I don’t understand what happened. I know I didn’t have that much wine. I kept dumping it into plants or down the sink when I could.”
“Yes, I know. Kelly told me that when she watered the spider plant, she got a smell of wine.”
“That’s why I don’t understand why I can’t remember that night after we got here.”
“Maybe, you fought so hard against wanting to be with someone that your consciousness is trying to block it out and it seems like a dream to you.”
“Alright, so even if for a moment, you say that explains my amnesia about our encounter, what would explain his?”
“Do you think that he remembers and is saying he doesn’t because of your reaction to it?”
“No, I don’t think so. I mean if you saw how I found him, unconscious in the hallway and so disheveled, he was definitely disoriented and I saw signs of it even when he was showing me the budget. He wasn’t faking it.”
“Mia, can you move forward with him? At my house you looked like you wanted to hide in a hole each time he even tried to get close to you. If you marry him, you are both young, I’m sure that it would not be just one of convenience. He seems to really like you.”
“I know that’s why I need to think about this. It isn’t fair to him to say yes unless I am willing to commit to him. Maybe I really didn’t have a problem committing to him because you know I was only with my husband and no one else and for me to sleep with him, I must have felt something, right?”
“I know that you don’t take anything lightly or casually, maybe this situation is telling you that you are ready to move on and you need to stop fighting against it so much.”
“You could be right. I just wish it wasn’t under the gun. I feel like I’m being unfair to him and this child.”
“Mia, if you decide to keep the child, you will make a wonderful mother whether you decide to marry him or not, but you should know that alone it is not going to be easy”
“There is no decision about whether or not I will keep the child. I always wanted a family. I just didn’t think that this would be the way that I would start it. I need you to promise not to say anything. If this gets around the hospital, my hopes of this wing coming to fruition is over because Geoffrey will use it to try to convince the Board that I am unfit to head this project, would need to take time off when the project needs me most and it will die, I can’t have that.”
“Mia, I am not going to tell anyone about this.”
“Thank you.”
“I have to get going, but if you need anything, just call me.”
“I will.” Rising, I make myself a new cup of tea and toast. Waiting for the water to boil, I desperately try to force my memory as to how this whole thing unfolded, but still cannot get past the dreamlike quality of it all. Nibbling on the toast, I tried to imagine Jonathan as the one that I was with, but no matter how hard I try to force his face to appear, it doesn’t, the most that appears is his sandy hair.
I must have drifted to sleep. I’m startled awake by someone knocking frantically at the door. Rising, my head spins and I barely open the door before everything goes black.
As my eyes flutter open, Jonathan is sitting on the side of my bed speaking with someone. “Are you sure it’s normal? Should I take her to the hospital? I’m sorry, this is just new and frankly the first time I don’t know what to do. I will...actually you’re right. She’s coming around...I’ll hand it to her.”
He hands me the phone. “Mia, are you experiencing pain anywhere?”
“No, I think I just got up too quickly. I’m fine.”
“Well he is a nervous wreck. You may need to calm him down.”
“I will. Sorry to bother you.”
“You never bother me.”
Hanging up, I sit up. “I really am fine, but you’re going to make yourself crazy if you worry so much.”
“I can’t help it, if anything happened to you or the child, I couldn’t stand it.”
Taking is hand, “Babies are very resilient and so am I, but you will give yourself a heart attack if you worry like this.”
Rising from the bed, his hand moves to my shoulder. “Maybe you should stay in bed for a while.”
“No, I have to get ready to get to work. I had my days off.”
“Are you sure you are up to it?”
“Yes, it’ll be fine and don’t you have a trip to go on today.”
“I was thinking of cancelling it.”
“Please don’t do that. You need to carry on as usual. I promise you that everything will be fine. Take a deep breath and I’ll go make some coffee if you have time”
“I do, my flight isn’t until this afternoon.”
“Well then I’ll make you some breakfast as well.”
“I should be doing that for you.”
“No, really, I am more than capable of making breakfast and carrying on as usual. Please, don’t treat me any differently. I already feel self-conscious enough and I can’t even imagine what you must think of me.”
He grabs my hands, turning me back to him. “Mia, I think that you are a highly intelligent and warm woman who takes her life and all decisions very seriously. I also think that you are someone very special whom I hope will see that making a commitment to me is a good thing.”
After breakfast, he makes a few calls and insists on taking me to work before going to the airport. It is a relief to be away from his intense staring which was making me even more anxious and to have normalcy back in my life even if it is just for a few hours.
Janet stops me as I head toward my office. “How are you feeling?”
My jaw drops thinking she know, but then snaps shut immediately as I realize she is asking because I was out. “I’m feeling much better. I must have caught the flu from someone here.”
“Does that mean that you were unable to secure the restaurant or bachelors?” I hear Geoffrey retort behind us. 
“Everything is under control, so you will just have to settle with sharing the funds from the benefits.” I reply heading into my office with Janet and closing the door.
The next few days are fairly routine. Thankfully there are no long surgeries for which I am grateful. Jonathan calls three times a day, worrying and continually apologizing. 
When he returns, he comes straight from the airport and is waiting in my office after I clock out. “How was your trip?”
“The trip was productive, but the whole time I was there, I felt guilty for not being here.”
“You can’t think that way. Everything here was fine. In fact, everything is set for the first auction. Anthony came by to deliver all the tickets and brochures and helped me set them up for the wait staff to put out the day of the benefit.
Rising from the chair, he moves closer to me. “I’m glad that the benefit is set, but how are the two of you?” He places his hand gently on my stomach. As he does this, butterflies overwhelm my now uneasy stomach and I become rigid. He removes his hand. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that, it’s just that it seems ... I’m sorry.”
“No, it’s fine. I understand, I’m the one who should apologize, I’m just not used to this yet.”
He leans back against the desk in front of me. “Mia, I had a lot of time to think while I was away and I was hoping that while you consider my proposal, you might do two things for me.”
“What’s that?”
Reaching into his pocket, he places a black velvet box before me. “I was wondering if you would keep this safe while you are deciding whether or not to accept my proposal and if you would also consider moving in with me.” 
Janet opens the door. “Mia, Dr. Greyson asked if he could see you for a quick consult before you leave, he has a difficult case in emergency.”
Her eyes shift to the desk as I rise. “Excuse me, I’ll be back soon or if you can’t wait, I can call you later.” I fly past Janet.
Finishing the consult, I try to hurry back to my office to avoid Janet’s questions, but she corners me as I exit the elevator.
“So would you like to tell me what is going on?”
“Not really.”
“Mia, I saw the little box and I know what generally is in that type of box, what gives?”
“Nothing, he was asking me to hold it for him.”
“I know you better than that, you are hiding something.”
“Janet, please. I’m sure that he is still in there and truthfully, I can’t deal with you and him right now. Truthfully, I just don’t feel well enough to deal with any of this. I need to go home, make some calls to finalize the last minute details for the benefit and go out and find another stupid dress.”
“Fine, I can see how stressed you are, but why don’t you wear that maroon dress you bought for the last one that you didn’t make.”
“Maybe” I’m distracted knowing that Jonathan is waiting and probably looking for an answer. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Opening the door, sure enough he is there. He is on the phone and jotting some information down on my notepad. Leaning against the desk, I wait for him to get off the telephone. Finishing, he looks up at me smiling. “You have fifteen paintings from the artists on the east side. Have you heard from Salvatore’s artists?” 
“Some of them, we have twelve so far, but I’m still waiting to hear from our mystery artist. I sent him a letter and was considering if he doesn’t answer me in time but still says yes, maybe we could hold his paintings and auction them as part of the masquerade benefit and do a reveal of who he is if he agrees to come.”
“That is a wonderful idea and will allow you to get the art collectors to both benefits.” Reaching across the desk, he picks up the box opening the lid. Inside is a square diamond surrounded by deep red rubies. “Mia, I would love to see you wearing this and staying with me in the home that I hope will soon be ours.” 
Taking his hands, “I can’t tell you how much I appreciate how sweet you have been to me and how wonderful you have been since finding this out, but have you really thought this through?”
“I have and while I was away from you, I thought of nothing else. I need for you to commit to me, but I can see that you have yet to decide. So I have a proposition for you. You said that you are committed to welcoming in this new life no matter what you decide and I know that you are worried that Geoffrey will use your circumstance to bury you with the Board if he finds out. So wear the ring and begin planning the wedding, you can tell people it is something that will be small and intimate so they really don’t have to know what is going on and then give yourself a deadline to make a decision, maybe the masquerade ball and if you decide that you don’t want to marry me, I will make it appear that evening as if I am no good and I left you. In this way, no one can say anything about your situation and they will think that I am a cad.”
“That would ruin your reputation.” I can’t do that to him.
He chuckles. “Mia, stop at most it would be headlines for a few days and a few tabloid issues, nothing that hasn’t happened to me before. What’s important is protecting you and the new life inside of you. Do this and either way Geoffrey will no longer be a concern, he won’t be able to stop your project or ruin your reputation.”
Tears mist my eyes. He rises, placing his arms around me. “This is supposed to make you happy and put you at ease about your worries, not make you cry.”
“I’m sorry, I’m just so touched.”
“Mia, I told you there is nothing more important than you getting on board to commit to me, because I believe that we would make an excellent team.”
Releasing me, he places the ring on my finger. “I promise everything will work out as it should finally.”
“I know it seems as though I am very indecisive and you have been so generous, but I promise, I won’t leave you hanging beyond the close of the masquerade ball.”
“I have waited a long time for you, I can wait until then. We should get you home so you can rest.”
“Jonathan, I need to go to my home. I can’t move in with you right now. I am so sorry if that hurts you, especially after everything that you are doing for me, but I need to be close to the hospital right now and I just can’t.”
“I understand. It’s fine.”
I invite him in for some coffee and something to eat. When he leaves, I go through my mail. Opening a letter with no return address, it’s a reply from the artist agreeing to send me down three paintings and some sketch prints, but he is unsure about doing the reveal. He asks me for the time and date if the reveal were to happen. I am so excited that I write a reply immediately, grab my coat and practically float over to the apartment building. Harry is on duty again.
“Dr. Angelis, back to leave another letter?” He inquires.
“Yes, I hope you don’t mind.”
“That is part of my job, but if you would wait here a moment.” He goes behind the desk and calls up to someone. 
A few moments later the elevator doors open and Mr. Smythe exits. “Dr. Angelis, I see you received our friend’s reply.”
“Please, it’s Mia and yes I did. I am just leaving another for them with the date and time of the masquerade ball where we will auction his paintings and do a reveal if he can make it.”
“I will be sure that they receive it.” Handing it to him, his hand touches mine and he quickly flips my hand over. His features freeze as his thumb touches the ring adorning my finger. “That is quite a unique ring. May I ask where you got it?”
About to say a friend, I decide instead to take the opportunity to try out my poker face in lying about the situation. Surely it is much easier to lie to a stranger than to friends, so the more I practice the better. Pasting a smile on, I try to sound upbeat. “My fiancée, Jonathan Taylor, gave it to me this evening; we decided to make our relationship official.” Reginald’s features turn grave. I wonder if even he can sense that my words are strained.
“Mia, I was just going for a stroll and would love for you to join me. You could tell me all about your upcoming benefits. I know that you may think I am just a deliveryman, but I’m a friend of the artist and would love to be able to pass on the benefit information to some of my friends who could come and bid.”
It is strange, but I can’t resist an offer to spend time with someone I find that I actually feel more comfortable around than most, and would walk with him even if he was just a deliveryman. “Delivery men don’t usually wear such expensive attire.” I tease. “I would love to take a walk with you and tell you about benefit.”
Walking through the park, he listens attentively and even writes down the dates in a notebook he removes from his inner jacket before sitting on a bench. “Do you mind if we sit a moment.”
“Not at all”
“Mia, I know that you don’t know me well, but when I asked you about the ring, your reply sounded strange. Sometimes, it is easier to talk to a stranger to help you work a situation out than to talk with friends. I have been told that I am a pretty good sounding board.”
I can’t understand it, but as I look into his eyes, I find myself wanting to tell him, someone who has no ties to the hospital and who I wouldn’t hurt by being honest. I can’t talk to Jonathan, not truthfully at least, not after everything he is willing to do for me, but then how could I bother another person with my situation. Hadn’t I done enough of that with Julian? “You are a very perceptive man, but I can’t bother you with my problems.”
“You are not bothering me and I asked you. I love talking with people and helping if I can. I am a psychiatrist at Sanctuary Hospital in Maine and came down for a conference. I am all alone here in the city until I return home and if I could be of some assistance, it would make me feel very useful. I detected something in your response to me that seems like you really could use someone who is not involved in whatever is troubling you. Someone who would keep your confidences and whom you would not offend. It seems like there is something about your recent engagement that is troubling you, is it that you suspect your gentleman friend of cheating upon you?”
His perception regarding me is stunning making me wonder if he can give me some insight as to how I can unlock what my mind is blocking regarding the night I spent with Jonathan. “No, although a big part of me wishes that he would go out and find someone who can love him the way he deserves to be loved.”
“Now I really don’t understand, if you don’t love him, why would you agree to marry him?”
“I haven’t actually.” His features seem to relax at my admission.
“But you are wearing his ring, isn’t that what you told me?”
“I am. It is rather complicated.”
“Well, if you have the time, I certainly do. Maybe you could start at the beginning.” His eyes stare into mine almost as if he is compelling the answer from me.
“He gave me the ring in hopes that I will come around and agree to marry him, but in the meantime he thought that by my wearing it and our telling people that we were getting married that it would protect my reputation with the project I spoke of, you see, I’m pregnant and the physician that I spoke of would use this to hurt my reputation with the Board and convince them that with the responsibilities of raising a child, I couldn’t be there for the project when it was most crucial and it will never go forward and he will secure all the funding for his wing.”
His response shocks me. “You’re still pregnant!”
I couldn’t have heard him correctly. “Excuse me, what did you say.”
“I’m sorry. You’re pregnant. How do you feel? I know pregnancies can be very difficult sometimes.”
“I feel alright, sometimes the morning sickness is a little rough, but otherwise fine. I love children and before my husband was taken from me, we were hoping to start a family, but now...” I can’t find the right words and am unsure what words I am searching for.
“You are afraid that you may be making a decision for the wrong reason.”
“I’m not only afraid of that, I’m afraid that if I do make the decision to commit to him, I would be entrapping him in a relationship where I cannot commit to him. I can’t seem to let go of my life before to move forward. Maybe with your background you could help me with something. I know that this may sound strange, but since my husband’s passing I haven’t really engaged in my life, I feel as if everything around me is not right, like I’m trapped in something that is wrong. Everyone keeps telling me that I will adjust, but I haven’t and now, I can’t even remember being with Jonathan in that way. I have completely blocked it out, except for strange dreams that are occurring, but even in those, I can’t see his face. I see things happening, but the pieces of this puzzle don’t seem to fit. He says that he is willing to commit to me anyway and just asks that I commit to him, but I don’t know if I can, but I need to decide by the night of the masquerade auction. Is there something that I can do to help me remember that evening?”
“Has he given you any help remembering?”
“That’s the funny part, he doesn’t remember either. At first I thought there was something in the wine that we had that evening, but our friends were unaffected and when I had it tested, it came back fine.”
“Yes but for him not to remember, there must be something that you are missing. Do you think he could be lying and that he slipped something into your drink?”
“No, it was not possible that evening, we were at my friends’ house, I never let go of my drink and that evening, I found him unconscious outside my apartment door.”
“Alright, could you tell me about the strange dreams?”
After I finish telling him, he sits quietly in deep concentration. “Mia, have you considered that he isn’t the one you are dreaming of. You said you know it’s not Alex, but maybe it isn’t Jonathan either.”
“But I don’t think of people that way, so who could it be?”
“That I cannot tell you, I can say this, however, some people are very perceptive, but their minds can only truly process what they observe and know when they are uncluttered by the happenings of their everyday life, hence the dreams. Your mind is more open when you are sleeping and your dreams are trying to tell you something. Maybe in your case, your dreams are blocking Jonathan out, because he is not the one you are supposed to be with, he is not the one that your heart longs for. I know you said that you did not see Alex in that role either, in your dreams so maybe you have let go of him, but during your waking hours, you fight so hard to hold on that your visions of him are now becoming unclear. Do something for me. Close your eyes and try to picture your wedding to Alex.” I concentrate very hard, but cannot see it or him. I focus instead on the day that he died, since that seemed earlier to be the memory that I could see the clearest, but I can’t see that either. Tears escape the corners of my eyes. “Mia, it’s alright. Open your eyes.” At first I close them tighter, not willing to give up, but then all I see is the back of the man by a fire that I know is not Alex. 
My eyes fly open. “I don’t see him anymore.”
“It’s alright, but I need you to close your eyes again. I want you to picture Jonathan for me, do you see him?”
“Yes.”
“Picture Jonathan that night as the one making love to you and tell me what you see.”
I concentrate very hard, but the more I concentrate, the more confused I become. At first I see just eyes, the bluest I have ever seen, like the ones that flashed through my consciousness when I saw Ashton’s eyes, but brighter and then they turn to a deep sapphire blue, yet they still shine. I try to see the face, but cannot, I only see his hair, but it too changes from raven black to sandy brown. Everything is shifting, except the love that I feel around me and the desire to be with this person. Opening my eyes, I am wringing my hands. “I’m so confused.”
“I understand, you were conveying what you saw to me. Mia, listen, I think it would be very dangerous for you to commit to Jonathan when it is obvious that your dreams are trying to tell you something. You need to give them a chance to reveal what it might be. Do not commit without knowing what it is that your heart is trying to reveal. I can understand about your situation, but committing to him may bring more trouble to you. Please promise me that you will fight for your memories and the meanings to your dreams, they seem very important and I am sure that you are strong enough to figure it out. I wish that I could stay and help you more, but I fear that anything I say will hurt your chances of leaning the truth. Anything I say will influence the outcome and not in your favor. This is a journey that only you can make. You need to fight for what it is your heart is trying to reveal, the memories that need to be unlocked and could not be buried by even the strongest of powers because love is the ultimate gift that is stronger than anything. I could tell from the first time I met you that you are a very strong person and your strength will lead you home. You have just been lost for a while, but it sounds as if your true self refuses to be silenced and separated from what is your destiny. Listen to it and try to block out the influences around you that could lead you astray. I’m sorry that I cannot stay longer and hope that we meet again soon, but I must leave first thing tomorrow morning or someone that I have become close to may lose the one he loves. I am needed elsewhere, but give what I said some serious thought and don’t make a decision out of fear.” He pats my hand and he looks as if an electrical shock is shooting through him, but I feel nothing. 
“Are you alright?”
“Yes, something that had been eluding me just struck me. Sometimes things get revealed when we least expect it or are not concentrating so hard upon it. Let me walk you back. Now that the answer has finally struck me, I could use the air and I know that the last few moments have upset you greatly.”
“You don’t have to. Thank you for being my sounding board, it was very helpful.”
“You are very welcome. I think best when I walk so walking you to your apartment and walking back may provide me with the answers I need as to what to do.”
He says goodbye outside my door. “Thank you again. Good luck with your friend and please if you see the artist, thank them. I can’t tell you how much their help means to me.”
“I’m just glad you found them and hopefully you can thank them in person soon. Good night.”
The elevator doors open and I’m surprised to see Jonathan at my door. He turns and walks toward me. “Are you alright? I’ve been so worried.”
“I don’t understand. What are you doing here?”
“I called to check on you before I began my overseas calls, but when you didn’t answer, I became very concerned that something happened to you.” 
Opening the door, we step inside. My telephone is on the coffee table. Picking it up, there are twenty missed calls. “I am so sorry. I must have forgotten it here. I received a letter from the artist and they are sending some prints and paintings. They may even come to the masquerade, so I wrote a return letter and went to send it. I didn’t realize I left without my telephone. Can I get you something to drink?”
“Anything cold is fine.”
Returning with the drinks, I sit next to him. “Jonathan, you can’t turn your life upside down worrying about us and driving back and forth when I don’t answer the phone. It is not fair to you and your business will suffer.”
“Mia, considering some of your reactions I hope you can understand why I became concerned, what if you fainted and hit your head.”
“I do understand and it’s not that I am not grateful for what you are doing, I just feel as if I have already put you out in so many ways, I hate that I am causing this for you too.”
Putting his drink down, his hands are on my arms. “You are not causing anything for me. I came to make sure you are alright, that’s all, but if it wouldn’t be too awkward for you can I borrow your computer and make some calls here while you sleep. I can’t lose the travel time back to my house.”
Rising, I return quickly with my computer. “Would you like me to put some coffee on for you?”
“No, the computer is fine. Thank you. Try to get some sleep. I can let myself out when I’m through.”
Leaning down, I kiss him on the cheek. “I’m sorry again for all of the trouble. I hope that your business goes well. Good night.”
Waking the next morning, he is gone but left a note on the computer. I hope you slept well. Call me today when you have a moment. Stepping into the hospital, Janet follows me right into the office determined to get answers about what she saw. Shutting the door, she runs over, grabs my hand and freezes as she focuses on the ring. “Is this what I think it is?”
Taking in a deep breath, I need to do better than I did with Reginald last evening. “Yes, you saw what you thought you did and I said yes.”
She falls back into the chair. “You have been holding out, now dish. Why did you keep saying that you didn’t like him that way, when this says you do? Talk about a quick turnaround. So what changed? What made you say yes?”
“What made who say yes to what?” Julian inquires stepping through the door.
Janet grabs my hand again, holding it out to him. “Mia is getting married.”
“Congratulations.” Walking in, he turns to Janet. “I hate to cut the festive talk short, but I need Mia for a consult.” He holds up a folder. “Would you mind giving us a few minutes?”
“Sure, but Mia, you are definitely going to have to dish later, you can’t avoid me forever.” She says before leaving.
“So who’s the patient?”
“There is not patient. I was just trying to give you a reprieve. Mia, are you sure about this?”
“Julian can I tell you something in strictest of confidence?”
“Of course you can.”
“I am only wearing the ring. I haven’t made a decision, but we are telling people that we are getting married because I won’t be able to hide the pregnancy for long and he is trying to protect me.”
“So he didn’t really propose?”
“No, he did, I just don’t know what I want to do right now. I need some time, I have asked him to give me until the masquerade benefit.”
“What if you decide no?”
“Then he will break up with me, he says in a way that will make him look bad but will shut Geoffrey up.” 
“Can I do anything to help?”
“Pray I’m doing the right thing.”
“Mia, whatever you decide, make sure that it is right for you and don’t make a decision out of fear, especially about what Geoffrey may do. This is not the 1960's and people have children out of wedlock all the time. I’m not telling you to say no to him, because I would be the first person to tell you how hard it is to raise children and I know you’re concerned Geoffrey will use the time constraints to force an issue with the Board, but you can get around that. I hope that you give Jonathan’s proposal some serious thought, he must really care for you if he is doing this but don’t make a decision because you feel pressured, make it because you feel for him.”
My beeper goes off. “See you in emergency.” I rise and we exit as his goes off too.
Over the next few days, word spreads of my engagement and Jonathan makes himself a pretty obvious figure around the hospital. Leaving one afternoon, Amanda is there and decides to put in her jab. “Geoffrey and I want to congratulate you both, we hear the benefits are expected to do well, but Jonathan as wise a businessman as you are, are you sure that you are as savvy in your personal affairs? I was with a friend of yours, Stephanie, and she seems like she could help your future so much more.” She shoots me a glance.
Moving away from me, he gets right up in Amanda’s face. “Amanda I know exactly where my future lies and it is much brighter than yours, although yours will be much hotter. Enjoy your trip down your friends are waiting for you. Now if you will excuse us, we have plans.”
Jonathan transforms the hospital lobby displaying not only the art work that is to be auctioned, but also the trips, dinners and shows. He even ensures that one of his staff members is present to answer any questions regarding the upcoming benefits and has a photographer come in to take a few group photos that he turned into billboards advertising our final masquerade benefit and auction. 
Receiving a letter back from the mysterious artist, he lets me know that he will try to make a brief appearance at the masquerade to reveal his works. Samantha comes up with the brilliant idea of purchasing canvas covers and having the younger patients decorate them with Halloween scenes and placing them in the lobby to advertise the final benefit. The children even make signs denoting that the prizes behind the decorated canvases are no trick, but are indeed a treat for all onlookers. 
Jonathan is right. The publicity these displays bring is wonderful. As family members come to visit patients, they even contribute small funds to the cause. It is a little chaotic when the camera crews come in as Jonathan mans the information booth, but his being mentioned in the paper the next day causes an increase in ticket sales to the benefits.
The first benefit’s auctions yield higher than anticipated funds for each item auctioned. The only hitch is that I should have purchased a different dress. I can’t understand why my body is changing so quickly, but when I sit down, my side seam splits. Luckily the air conditioners are set so high that I am not the only one wearing my escort’s dinner jacket. The Board is extremely pleased and Mrs. Johnson stops by our table to congratulate me and tell me how if the next two benefits showed such a turn out, she is sure that the two wings will be constructed in no time and will complement each other.
Chapter Five - Dreams

Although I’m feeling much better, Jonathan continues to insist on picking me up from work after a late shift and stays in my living room conducting business while I sleep. Although I appreciate all of his help, I am no closer to a decision. My nights are not only taken by visions of trying to see us in a marital and family role as opposed to my trying to raise this child alone and what that may mean for the child who would be deprived of a father’s love, because from everything I could see, he is very concerned for this child and desperately desires to have a role in raising them, but as I drift into my uneasy sleep, I cannot stop the visions of my making love to one whose face still refuses to reveal itself to me. I wonder if Reginald was wrong and my mind just refuses to put Jonathan’s face on the body because during my waking hours, I refuse to let him close to me. 
The next evening as we are finalizing the last minute details for the second benefit, I didn’t realize I drifted off to sleep until my own shouts for me to make a decision and commit to a course, wake me and his arms are around me on the couch. “Mia, it’s alright, calm down. This much anxiety isn’t good for either of you.” 
When I appear less anxious, he gets me a cup a tea. “Mia, is this what has been making you so anxious these past few weeks, you have been dreaming of me and it is upsetting you?”
I stare at him wondering exactly what I said.
His features register his understanding. “You were talking in your sleep.”
My cheeks burn as I imagine what he heard. The dreams were very sensual until I began warring with the idea that it was him. What I fear most is that he heard me tell the one in my dreams that I love him. “Should I ask you what I said?” I inquire nervously.
His face turns soft. “You were dreaming about us” his voice drops, “Being together.” The heat in my cheeks explodes and my heart pounds at the thought of what I verbalized. He hesitates, but then continues. “You said that you loved me.” I close my eyes in defeat knowing that is the worst thing he could hear. “A few moments later, you began fighting with yourself saying that it wasn’t right. You seemed to be thinking about us as a couple and were afraid that you couldn’t give me what I was looking for, but also didn’t want our child to be deprived of the love from both parents. You also argued with yourself to make a decision.”
I put the tea down. “Jonathan, I’m sorry you heard all that.”
He interrupts me. “Is this why you look so tired lately because you have been dreaming like this every night? Mia, would it really be so bad for us to be together. I thought over these last few weeks that we were getting closer. Maybe when you said you loved me in your dreams, that is really what your heart feels, maybe it is trying to tell you something that your mind refuses to accept because it is holding on to a past which is lost to you.” His hand gently strokes mine. “I know that I could be good for you and would the better choice for this creation.” 
Taking notice of his tone, I wonder how deeply my dream hurt him. “Jonathan, I’m so sorry. I am grateful for what you are doing for me. I think that you are a wonderful and giving man and my hesitation is not you, I told you before, any woman would be thrilled that you proposed and to have the opportunity to spend their life with you. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings. I am just emotionally stunted and I asked you for time because if we are to get married, I need to know that I can commit fully to you and not just for the sake of this child. You are a young man and I don’t want to marry to you unless I can truly commit to you and give you a real marriage, anything less would be unfair.”
“Maybe you are dreaming of me because you can commit to me, I know since that night, I have been dreaming more about you. I know that I am the right choice for you and could show you a life that you never imagined and may even enjoy if you allowed yourself to.” Hesitantly, he wraps his arms around me, drawing me into his muscular chest, caressing my neck with his lips, moving them slowly up to my jaw line and up to my lips. As his lips touch mine, a feeling of it being wrong overwhelms me, but I have hurt him so much already and cannot spurn him, not now. Trying for force myself to feel something and kiss him back maybe if I do my dreams will change, but the harder I try, the more wrong it feels.
Withdrawing from me, I see a smile play on his lips. I realize that at least my anxiety did not pass through the kiss and am grateful that I have not hurt his feelings further. He has been so generous with both this situation and my dreams that I could not bear to hurt him and secretly hope that if I allow this to continue my conscious and subconscious will both relax revealing the face in my dreams, giving me the answer I am desperately searching for. Keeping him at bay is not providing me with any answers as this new life grows inside me. As he stares at me, I remember how in my dreams I could see myself with beautiful children and a life filled with happiness and so desperately wanted that so why am I fighting against it so now? Maybe I can’t see him in my dream, not because it is someone else as Reginald suggests, but because I refuse to allow myself to be happy after surviving while the one I loved did not. Maybe Reginald is right about my not being able to see Alex because subconsciously I did let him go. Forcing my hands to wrap around his waist, I lay my head upon his shoulder. As he pulls me closer, I try to force my subconscious emotions through to my conscious state. Sitting there, he strokes my back and I close my eyes, but no image comes to provide comfort. When I cannot force even the smallest feeling to touch my wakened heart, I rise. “I should let you get to work and I need to get to the hospital. I’m sorry again for what happened.”
He strokes my cheek. “Don’t be.” He forces a smile. “At least I know unconsciously you want to be with me and I still have a few weeks until the masquerade to convince your conscious state that I am the right path for you to follow.” He kisses me gently before going to the door. “Call me when your shift is over. I have business in town and maybe we can grab a bite and go over the final seating arrangements for tomorrow’s benefit.
Thankfully, I only have one surgery. While grabbing a cup of coffee and a salad Geoffrey comes up behind me. “Are we trying to avoid another dress incident?” He chides sardonically. “Maybe you should try to convince Jonathan to stop feeding you all of those rich foods and exercise more. Otherwise, you will probably be the first patient in my new wing needing lipo-suction in order to fit into your wedding gown. You know, the tabloids are merciless and I highly doubt that Jonathan, who was voted best dressed would want to see his new bride rolling down the aisle in a white tent.”
I turn towards his snickering face. “Geoffrey, mind your business and stay out of my affairs!” I retort stepping away from him.
He follows me to the table and slides in the seat across from mine. “You don’t realize how much of a spectacle you are about to become. A reporter friend of mine was gracious enough to inform me that one of his colleagues will be covering the benefit tomorrow, along with several other media agents. They say there is a big story surrounding you, I just hope that it’s not something too bad that the Board has to pull your project and free up the funds for my wing.” His tone is so sarcastic that I want to throw the salad at his rising figure. “Either way, I suggest you wear a betting fitting outfit tomorrow to hide your obvious weight gain, I would hate to see you on the front page with another side splitting accident, while my wife and I are photographed in the newest designers looking fabulous. I can see it now, plastic surgeon and his wife wow investors at auction as dowdy pediatrician packs on the pounds setting a poor example for a younger generation already suffering from an obesity epidemic.” He snickers and moves quickly from the table.
Pushing the salad and coffee away from me, my head flops into my hands. I can’t stand that man and all the moronic things he says, but his comment about the media knowing something about me makes me extremely nervous. Have they found out about my condition, would the tabloids actually be reading pediatrician pregnant with playboy’s love child? I shake my head.
“What’s wrong?” A familiar voice calls to me through my darkness and I hear him pulling out a chair.
Looking up, I meet Jonathan’s concerned eyes. “Nothing, I just had a run in with Geoffrey and something he said is troubling, that’s all. What are you doing here?”
“I dropped something off for you in your office and Janet told me you were here. What has you worried?”
“Geoffrey said that the press is coming to the benefit tomorrow.”
“They are. I invited them. The more positive publicity this event gets, the better the last benefit will be, but that’s a good thing, not something to be concerned over.”
“He said that I was about to become a spectacle, what if they found out...” My eyes inadvertently shift down to my stomach. 
Jonathan reaches across the table. “I don’t think anyone knows. Maybe the tabloids have confirmed that we have booked places in England for the wedding. You know I have been leaving trails and the last benefit isn’t far away. I had a friend of mine pull a wedding license back home for us, they must have found that. Don’t worry, I’m sure it is that and I told you before, if you decide not to commit to me, I’ll make sure, the press sees me as the culprit.” He stands and kneels beside me. “Mia, this much anxiety is not good, especially in your condition, don’t let Geoffrey or anyone else get to you, just concentrate on having a healthy baby and everything else will fall into place. He kisses me gently on the cheek and rises. “I have to get to my meeting, but I’ll come back and we’ll grab some dinner.” As he moves, I see Janet, her face frozen behind him. She is aware now of my secret.
I rise, pick up my purchase and throw it in the receptacle before heading to my office. She follows me in silence and shuts the door. “Well that explains the quick change of heart.” She slides into the seat. “I don’t understand, you never even indicated that you and he were intimate. Why were you pretending that you didn’t like him to me of all people? I have been encouraging you to give him a chance, get out there and live your life, why wouldn’t you tell me? I thought we were best friends.”
“You are my best friend and I don’t know how I would have ever gotten through everything without you. I didn’t tell you because I was ashamed.”
“Of what, it’s not like your cheating on anyone or doing anything wrong. You’re single, and you have a right to a life, a happy one.”
“Janet, please, I don’t want this getting around. I don’t want anyone knowing.”
There is a knock. Nurse Ryan pokes her head in. “Dr. Angelis, they need you on two.”
Standing up, “Please remember what I said no one is to know.”
As I pass her, she grabs my hand. “I’ll remember, but you remember you have nothing to feel guilty over.” 
The patient on two requires an emergency appendectomy. Thankfully, by the time I finish, Janet has already clocked out. I am not up to one of her inquisitions. Walking towards my office, I get the strangest sensations throughout my abdomen as if the baby is kicking, but that isn’t impossible, I’m not far enough along for that. It must be hunger or anxiety over what the press has found out is manifesting itself as phantom symptoms. Stepping inside, I shouldn’t be surprised to see Jonathan sitting behind my desk on the telephone. Looking at my watch, it’s midnight. “Please tell me that you haven’t been waiting here since early evening?” 
“Would it earn me points if I said I have?” He smiles coming around the desk.
I shake my head.
“Then no, I was here earlier and your friend Samantha called, leaving you a message about helping arrange the artwork around the banquet hall to entice the bidders. I called her back and she met me at the hotel, we finished up about an hour ago and I came by here to see if your surgery was over. Janet told me that you were in recovery, before she left, so I decided to wait.” He pauses and hesitantly places his hands around my waist, bringing me closer to him. I didn’t mean to, but I stiffen before trying to force myself to get closer and relax, placing my head on his chest. “Am I correct in assuming that she overheard me in the cafeteria?” He inquires quietly.
“Yes, she did.” Not wanting to get into this conversation with him, I change the subject. “You shouldn’t have waited for me, don’t you have overseas calls to make”
“I do, but I was worried about you. Let’s get you home, I have taken out in the car and if you don’t mind, I will work from your place this evening.”
I try to keep my voice up beat. “I don’t mind, but you shouldn’t have gone through so much trouble.” 
He grabs a garment bag from the back of my door before holding it open. “Let’s get you home.”
“What’s in the bag?”
“I saw a wonderful dress in the window of a boutique I passed and picked it up for tomorrow knowing that you haven’t had a chance to secure anything new for the benefit.”
I shake my head. “You didn’t have to do that, I’m sure that I could have picked something up at the thrift store in the morning.”
“Mia, did you see Geoffrey and his wife at the last benefit. They gave the impression of being very fashionable and on top of things. Tomorrow you are having people who appreciate art coming to bid, art lovers are very fashionable and all about the newest trends and such. You don’t want to be wearing something used and old fashion, they will notice and then with the press there tomorrow, I want to ensure that you make the same type of impression, especially since you want the masquerade benefit to be the last event so that they can begin breaking ground. Just think of it this way, you hate socializing anyway, so maybe by putting our best foot forward, you can get down to what you really like to do.”
In the car, the food smells wonderful making my stomach growl. Picking up one of the containers, he takes out a puffed pastry with vegetables and feeds it to me. “These are the best you will find in New York. I had them this afternoon.”
He’s right, it is good, but as he holds it for me, I get the strangest sensation that this has happened before and a nervous thrill rips through me before I bite down. 
Lying in my bed, I hear him talking and try to picture him as the man in my dreams, but the more I force it, the more sleep refuses to find me. I lay in the bed, staring at the painting of the dimly lit cabin, wrestling with the idea of right and wrong. My hands hold my stomach as I picture a little child growing inside of me, a child who deserves a family, not a mother who walks away from a man who obviously is willing to commit to her, supports her in every way, wants to be part of the child’s life, and show the child the love and affection which he so desperately sought and never received as a child himself. Why am I being so difficult, it isn’t like I am interested in anyone else and the one that I thought I was trying to hold on to, one that I couldn’t ever have again, isn’t even someone that I am seeing in my dreams anymore. Tears well in my eyes and sit up, putting the light on, staring at Alex’s photograph by my bedside. As I stroke his lips, I find myself talking to him. “Have I let you go? Please send me a sign, I’m so lost and have someone so helpless depending upon me to make the right decision.” Picking up the photograph, I hold it to my chest. “Please” I shut the light and lay back in my bed, finally drifting off to sleep. The smell of fresh pine needles surround around me, as twilight stretches out before me blanketing a lush forest. Two beautiful children crawl on a picnic blanket grabbing their bottles as strong arms of a very muscular man, pull my back into their chest, their lips nuzzling my neck. I can’t believe how content and loved I feel. I see the dim lit cabin with a wraparound porch. My eyes shift back to the beautiful children and this time, the first two are older and two more toddlers are crawling around as strong arms bringing me such contentment wrap around me. Turning to kiss him, someone calls to me and my eyes flutter open. 
“Mia, breakfast is ready.” Jonathan is standing in the doorway. “I’m sorry to disturb you, but I know that you have an early shift and don’t want you to be late.”
I jump out of bed. Although I appreciate his waking me for work, I wish I had seen the face of the man in my dreams before he did. As I look at Jonathan, his physical stature mimics the man in my dreams and I wonder if twins are possible as my hands move to my stomach. 
“Is everything alright, are you feeling sick?”
“No, I’m sorry. I was just dreaming and realized that maybe I should be looking for an obstetrician.”
“Mia, I know that you are concerned about someone finding out at the hospital so I hope you don’t mind, but I have someone who would be happy to see you and they will keep your confidences.”
“You shouldn’t have done that, I’m sure that Julian would have been able to give me a name.”
“Mia, I told you, the health and welfare of this child is extremely important. I want to make sure that they come into this world in the best possible way. Please, do this for me.” His eyes and tone are pleading. 
“Do you have their card? I’ll give them a call and set up a appointment.”
His voice turns soft. “I already set an appointment for you tomorrow at 10:00 if you want it. I know you’re off and when I talked to Julian, he spoke of your need for pre-natal vitamins and the importance of regular check-ups, so I gave him a call.”
I force myself to go up to him and kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you so much for that. You need to stop putting yourself out. You have slept on this couch more times this past month than you have gone home to sleep in your comfy bed and I’m sure that my computer set up is not as good as yours. You need to stop worrying so much and go home, sleep in your bed and use your home office.”
His eyes shift down. “Mia, I need to confess something to you. Anthony has been taking my laptops to me each night. I’m sorry, it’s just that you gave me such a scare when you got sick and when you wouldn’t move in with me, I didn’t know how else to keep an eye on you, while still keeping my business going efficiently.”
I shake my head at what I have put this poor man through, what type of a monster am I turning into. Backing up toward the couch, but keeping his hand so he’ll move with me, I sit down facing him. “Jonathan, I’m sorry that I gave you a scare early on, but women have babies all the time and they are perfectly fine. You have to sleep at your home and conduct your work in peace, not here where you are inconvenienced. I am fine, and I’m sure your friend will tell me the same thing tomorrow. You however, are going to get sick if you keep up this worrying and this lifestyle. Not to mention your business will suffer. Promise me that tonight you will go home and get a good night’s rest after the benefit. Do you have a meeting here today?”
“I do at 11:00 why?”
Standing up, I push the coffee table out of the way and then remove the cushions from the love seat and pull out the bed. 
“What are you doing?”
“I am taking care of you for a change. Now give me your telephone.” Handing it to me, I hit one, knowing that is what he does to reach Anthony. “Anthony, you won’t need to pick up Jonathan this morning, he is going to sleep here for a few hours. Can you come by around eleven with his suit for the meeting and brief case. Can you also bring whatever he is wearing this evening and make sure that when he’s done with his meeting you force him to come back here and relax, instead of going to the hospital and waiting for my shift to end.”
“Is everything alright with him?” 
“Yes, but he needs his rest, physician’s orders.” I smile at him. 
“Tell him I’ll have everything there on time. Is there anything else?”
“No thank you.”
I hand him back his phone. “Now, go into the shower and when you come out, I’ll have a set of scrubs for you to sleep in and the bed will be ready.”
“Mia, I’m fine, I can go home and shower and then rest later.”
“No, you can jump in the shower and then do what you were told.” 
As he showers, I make the bed; pull out some pillows and Alex’s scrubs, slipping them into the bathroom while he is in the shower. When he comes out, I hand him a cup of decaf coffee and a waffle.
He sits by me. “I thought I made you breakfast.” He sips the coffee. 
“You did, and then I made it for you. Thank you for everything, while I get ready for work, you eat and rest, please. I’ll see you tonight. I’ll meet you here around five.” I kiss him on the cheek. “Please, try to get some sleep.” I rise and get ready for work. 
Coming out, I’m happy to see him relaxing in bed. “Mia, thank you.”
Making myself go over to him and sit on the edge of the bed, I lean down to kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you. I’ll see you soon. Good luck with your meeting.”
Shrugging into my coat, he settles down and I catch a smile cross his lips as he shuts his eyes. 
Work thankfully is extremely hectic from the moment I walk through the doors. The emergency room is full and everyone is working, even those who clocked out. I discover from Janet that there were multiple pile ups and our sister hospital had to close its emergency because of broken pipes so we are getting their overflow. Despite her curious eyes which glance occasionally toward my abdomen, she remains silent on that subject for which I am grateful. Two grueling back to back surgeries and several sutured wounds wipe me out. The next time I look at my clock it is four thirty and I should have clocked out two hours ago. Not even returning to my office, I instead take the elevator directly to the lobby and shouldn’t be surprised to see Anthony waiting for me.
“Is he back at the apartment resting at least?” I inquire following him to the car.
“He was on the telephone when I left, but that was a few hours ago when we thought your shift was over. I saw Janet, from what she told me, it was quite a day. How are you feeling?”
“I’m fine.”
Walking into the apartment, Jonathan is still on the telephone, but appears ready to go. I scoot into the bathroom and get myself prepared and notice the garment bag hanging on the back of the door. Opening it, there is black flowing dress which, although I wished was a little more sedate on top, will easily cover my added weight. Looking down at my abdomen, I can’t understand why I look more as if I was five months pregnant that just a little over six weeks. If I keep going like this, everyone will know soon.
Coming out, he is holding my coat. “You look lovely.”
“Thank you for the dress.”
“Thank you for the use of the bed, it is surprisingly comfortable.”
I turn to him. “Jonathan, I’m sorry I didn’t realize what you were doing earlier, I would have forced you home weeks ago. My mind hasn’t been quite as sharp as it used to be.”
“Don’t apologize. I’m glad you didn’t know. I wanted to watch over you and make sure that you are both alright.” He moves his hand to my stomach. “I don’t know what I would do if anything ever happened.” His eyes shoot up to mine and I try to focus on his lapel so he will not detect anything wrong in mine. Forcing myself not to tense under his touch, I concentrate on the lovely image that had flowed through my dreams revealing four beautiful children. It is strange, but as the image flows through my mind, so does their names. I wonder if the names have significance to Jonathan, because other than the middle name of Ann, I can’t figure out where the rest of the names come from. “We should get going. You are going to love the set up.”
He is right, when we walk in, the paintings look amazing the way they are illuminated and arranged to lead the guests to the covered ones from our mystery artist advertising the masquerade and reveal. It is good to hear them whispering about coming to the next one because the new influx of paintings in Salvatore’s studio are already sold and they want to get their hands on his work. 
A waiter approaches us carrying a tray of champagne. As Jonathan reaches for two glasses, I catch the waiter’s eyes shift to two others and Jonathan moves his hands to those. He passes me one as Julian and Kelly approach. “This is quite a turnout.” Julian remarks. Even the press seems impressed with the set up. I hear one say they are set up for a full page if they can get it confirmed.” 
My eyes dart around the room to see where the other members are located and I can’t stop the shiver running through me. Jonathan moves closer snaking his arm around my waist and whispers in my ear. “Mia, it’s fine. Don’t worry and don’t look nervous. Take a drink, it’s only cider and try to look natural, they are coming towards us now.”
I take a sip, but my nerves make it almost impossible to swallow. Uncharacteristically, I grab his hand with my free hand. All of a sudden, we are surrounded by cameras and the flashes are going off. One of the reporters pushes a microphone in front of me. “Dr. Angelis, how long have you been funding plastic surgeries for children without insurance with your late husband’s insurance funds?”
“Excuse me.”
“Can you confirm that you have been utilizing your late husband’s insurance to fund surgeries for children who are uninsured? Is there anything left and will your pediatric wing put aside some of the funds raised in these benefits to continue such work?”
My mind is a black hole, although I feel relieved that it isn’t about Jonathan and I or our secret, I can’t process how they found this out or how to respond. Jonathan looks at me, and then responds. “Dr. Angelis is a kind and loving physician who suffered a tragic loss in her life. Fortunately her giving heart sought to utilize the proceeds from this tragedy in a manner that would carry on her husband’s legacy and provide children who would otherwise suffer the continued effects of their own tragedy because they could not afford such an elective surgery to recapture their life.”
“Dr. Angelis, why do it in secret though? Why not share your story when you first began your project?”
Jonathan shakes me slightly, closing the vacuum of my black hole and I squeeze his hand acknowledging the importance that I answer them and finally find my voice to reply. “I didn’t want anyone knowing this. I only have a limited amount of funds and just want to help while I can. I didn’t want the funds from my husband’s loss, the blood money, but then when I realized that I could use it to help someone, that at least something good could arise from my tragedy, I was happy to expend it.”
“Dr. Angelis, our sources uncovered at least thirty children that you have helped. Can you tell us exactly how many you have assisted?”
“I didn’t keep track, it was just when I came across a child in need that I could help with the assistance of Dr. D’Angelo who donated his time so all I had to cover were the hospital costs.”
“Dr. Angelis, these fund-raisers are slated to pay for the building of the pediatric and plastic surgery wings, will there be money set aside to continue the benefit that you have provided to underprivileged children and will you be seeking the assistance of Dr. Davis and his wing to continue this work?”
“Although the money is slated for the two wings, you would have to ask the Hospital Board if they would set aside money for such if the funds raised provide a surplus. I can only speak for my own funds and for the assistance that I received from Dr. D’Angelo; you should address Dr. Davis and the Board members with any of your other questions. If you’ll excuse me” I start to move, but the press doesn’t disband, essentially cementing me to my spot. 
“Mr. Taylor, can you confirm that your bachelor days are over? Our sources report that you and Dr. Angelis have pulled a marriage license and are set to wed in England.” 
The blood rushes from my body and I can’t stop shaking. Despite our story to the hospital members, I know this will appear in the papers alerting my father and brother who I haven’t even told. Jonathan gently squeezes my hand. “As I’m sure you are very aware, this project is extremely important to Mia and she is devoting all of her time to ensure that every possible effort is expended to bring New York a state of the art pediatric wing. We are planning to take a day or two from her endeavors and my business to return to my home and tie the knot in a private ceremony.”
“Mr. Taylor, where will you be honeymooning?”
“I’m sure that you can appreciate how busy Dr. Angelis is with this project and my business endeavors are such that they will not allow us to take time now for such a luxury, but we have a strong desire to solidify our commitment to each other. Although I’m sure that you have other questions, Dr. Angelis has been in surgery all day and we would greatly appreciate if you would take the time to spread the news about the last benefit for the project, the masquerade ball and final art auction in your media. Thank you gentleman for your time and effort and please feel free to enjoy the wonderful hospitality and delicacies of this evening, I have instructed the staff to set up a private table for you. Good evening.”
He moves us toward our table. Passing Geoffrey who is visibly upset about the positive publicity that we are getting, instead of the negative bombshell for which he hoped. As Jonathan pulls out my chair, he whispers in my ear. “See that wasn’t so bad.” 
He slips beside me. “I don’t know how they found out. I know that Paul didn’t tell them.”
“You’re right” I hear Paul say approaching. “I didn’t breathe a word.”
Geoffrey and his wife are now next to and behind me. “Mia, may I see you a moment please.” He tone is livid. I rise, but Jonathan puts his hand upon my shoulder and I sit back down. 
“Dr. Davis, please have a seat, I’m sure anything you have to say can be said at this table since it is only us and I would hate for the press to see discord which I believe from your attitude is what will result.”
Geoffrey sits on the other side of me, practically in my lap. “You have quite a nerve utilizing one of my staff members to pull off your little stunt.” He turns to Paul. “This is not over for you either going behind my back and performing surgeries, if I find it took time from your schedule, you’re through!” Mrs. Johnson, her husband and the head of the Board, Dr. Meyers, approach. Everyone turns silent.
Dr. Meyers approaches me. “Mia, that is quite a task you performed for those children, you know I practically helped raise Alex and he would have been so pleased at what you have done not only for the children, but the publicity you brought for the hospital. I just wish you hadn’t kept it a secret, we would have donated some hospital time, to this endeavor.” He turns to Paul. Dr. D’Angelo, my wife and I would love to have you and your spouse come to the club with us for dinner next week as a thank you for the positive light which you have placed the hospital in. From the conversations surrounding this announcement, tonight is going to be a blockbuster event. The benefactors are stunned at the level of dedication and commitment from our staff.” 
Paul looks as stunned as I am. “Thank you Dr. Meyer’s it would be a great honor to have dinner with you next week.” He shakes his hand and I catch Paul’s wife beaming as Amanda steams. 
Mrs. Johnson comes up to me next. “So this was what the projections were based upon. From what I hear, your projections from this news will be quite modest and maybe we can discuss setting aside some funds for your continued quest. Have a very pleasant evening, both of you.” 
They all leave and Geoffrey turns to me, his face fierce. “Well it appears you have picked perfect timing for your little stunt. No matter what the press sets forth tomorrow on your supposed gallant deeds for the young children, I hope you know that I don’t believe for one moment that your timing with this news is an accident or that your motives are as pure as you say. The Board may be wowed with you now, but if you try to capitalize on this when the Board votes next week on our wings to displace my project, I’ll bury you. Just a little friendly warning”
Straightening my shoulders, I stare at him straight on. “Geoffrey, I didn’t tell them anything, nor was anything that I did a stunt. I am not a climber like you. All I want is what we originally set forth in the proposal, an equal wing for the children. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to powder my nose and then mingle so that we can get as much for the paintings as we can.” I rise quickly, whether it is the anxiety from the press, the Board and now Geoffrey’s warning which I know without a doubt he will carry out if he feels his project is threatened, or that I haven’t eaten because of the hectic schedule, I feel lightheaded and my gait is unsteady. 
Jonathan rises and I can feel him supporting me. “Mia, before you do that, I need to introduce you to an old friend of mine.” With his now snaked arm around my waist, he practically lifts me off my feet moving us forward. He whispers in my ear. “What’s wrong, you look white. Maybe we should go and have you checked out.”
“I just got up too fast. That’s all. I’m feeling better now.” 
“Are you sure that you don’t want to leave.”
“No, we have to mingle and make sure that this evening goes smoothly.” 
A reporter approaches us. “Dr. Angelis, could you give us one moment by the wrapped pictures so that we can take a photograph to tie in your deeds to the final benefit in the article which we will run tomorrow. Has it been confirmed that the artist will show up at that benefit?”
“The artist promised to make every effort to show his schedule permitting.” Jonathan replies moving me toward the paintings. 
“Mr. Taylor if you would place your arms around her and ensure the engagement ring is displayed that would be helpful.”
“Our engagement really isn’t a story.” He replies.
“Mr. Taylor, I beg to differ and it will bring more attention to this project. You know people are interested in your life. Sales will rise if we include you in this article.”
I turn to him. “It’s alright, if it’s o.k. with you.” 
He hugs me and then positions us near the largest of the wrapped paintings. The flashes from the cameras which surround us are unbelievable. Every photographer in the benefit has descended upon us.
Thankfully, it is over within moments. Although this was exactly what I was trying to avoid when I originally began my secret project, Jonathan keeps whispering that it will yield phenomenal results and as the evening progresses, I realize he is correct. The auctioneer asks the bidders to dig deep into their wallets to help a physician who ensures children will have one less obstacle in realizing their dreams, realize hers to help even more children and the response is overwhelming. Even in my distraction trying to avoid further attention, I can tell that we have surpassed our projections before even reaching the last three paintings. 
Jonathan holds my hand the entire evening and whispering in my ear as we dance and the cameras once again descend upon us. 
The evening finally winds down and we say our good-nights. I could hear Jonathan speaking with Paul as I said good-night to Julian.
“Don’t worry about Geoffrey’s threat, from what I have heard from the Board members this evening, he wouldn’t dare cause you trouble about this.”
Paul’s eyes shift to me and I draw in closer. “I can’t tell you how sorry I am for all of this. If you get any fall out, I promise, I will go to everyone I know. I’m so sorry.”
He puts his hand on my shoulder. “Mia, don’t be sorry. Jonathan’s right, I can’t tell you how many Board members came up to me tonight to thank me, who wouldn’t have even known my name otherwise. Besides, we did nothing wrong and I would do it again, even if the results tonight were not so positive. Like you, I love children and as my own family grows and I am so grateful for my blessings, it is only right to share our talents to make others lives easier. Don’t worry about anything, even if Geoffrey did fire me, I have had other offers, received two tonight.” He laughs. “I just hang around because I like his techniques, but everything is fine and you shouldn’t worry about anything, just look at what you accomplished tonight. I wouldn’t doubt that you have the money now to build and that the next event will just be surplus.” He kisses my cheek and he and his wife leave. 
Jonathan and I finish making the rounds and leave too. In the car, he puts his arm around my shoulder, pulling me closer. “See, I told you that we are good together and could accomplish things you never thought possible. How are you feeling?”
“Tired but very grateful for everything that you did this evening”
He moves his face in such a way to kiss me and I can feel myself shut down as his lips touch mine. I try desperately to force myself to engage considering how he has put himself out for me. As I wrap my arms around his waist, an image flashes before me of an amorous embrace with a man in a tuxedo. I am in a white wedding dress. I feel the passion flowing through me and the overwhelming sense of love, but for who, I still can’t see this man’s features. Do I feel this because of who I’m with now or the one who is in the vision? Slowly withdrawing from Jonathan, I lean my head on his shoulder. Shutting my eyes again, trying desperately to get the vision back to see if it is him, I see a flash of the man’s sandy hair and statuesque physique, but nothing more. It is so frustrating to feel the love in my visions, but not while I’m here in his arms. There is only two weeks until I need to give him a decision and I am no closer to an answer. As if the baby is trying to tell me something, I swear I feel a forceful kick, but it has to be my imagination, there is no way that I could feel that, not this soon. Despite knowing this, my hands cover my stomach just the same.
“Are you alright?” His concern is evident.
“I’m fine, just a little tired, that’s all.”
The car stops in front of my apartment. “Mia, would you mind if I stayed on your couch this evening. I would like to go with you the physician’s tomorrow. I promise, if he gives you a clean bill of health, I will go home for the next few weeks and leave you in peace.”
Getting out of the car, he follows me upstairs after instructing Anthony to pick us up at 9:00 and bring him a change of clothes. I grab him another set of scrubs and place them on the pull-out bed which he has ready upon my return. As I turn to leave, he grabs my hand and his other hand snakes around my waist pulling me up against him. “You looked very beautiful tonight.” He kisses me.
“Thank you for the dress.” I say thankful for his release. “Can I get you anything before I retire?”
“No, I’ll see you in the morning.”
As I lay in bed, I know if I commit to him he will want a real relationship. He is young and I can understand why he would want someone who could love him considering what I learned about his past. What I can’t understand is how I could have fallen into bed with him so easily that evening yet can’t seem to feel the passion that I feel in my images and dreams with him. Other than feeling awkward and wrong, I’m not sure I feel anything at all. Am I truly over thinking everything and closing off my emotions during my waking hours? As my hands move to my stomach, I feel the love for the child growing inside of me, despite the inability to have a clear picture regarding the child’s inception. In my dreams, I am capable of feeling love and desire. In fact it is all consuming and unlike anything I have ever felt before. I begin arguing with myself. I must be seeing him, the physical characteristics match. I must be fighting myself too much and fighting the second chance that fate is trying to give me. I have seen four beautiful children in my dreams and this could be a reality. I always wanted and hoped to start a family. My dreams reveal that I am in the arms of someone who loves me and whom I love back. Closing my eyes, I concentrate on just placing his physical characteristics in the picture I see of the man and I together, hoping that tonight my dreams will show his face because he has helped me so much and his reaction to my news was a surprise. A peasant one, I think.
My mind is drifting and the earlier vision of kissing someone in a wedding dress shifts to our dancing, with my head resting upon his chest. The contentment and happiness I feel is beyond compare. Images of flowers and faces surrounding us that I do not recognize, but seem to have a common factor, reminding me of porcelain dolls float through the darkness like a gentle caress. Visions of my father and brother join them as a fresh floral scent fills my nostrils, even in this unconscious abyss. Muscular arms encircle me as cool lips softly brush my temple. Lifting my face toward his, his lips are upon me before I open my eyes and his passionate kiss emblazes my blood, I want to be closer as his love surrounds me, consumes me, ignites my very soul. Alone in a soft lit room with him, his cool lips kiss my forehead, my lids and the love we make is tender and sweet. Opening my eyes, I am in my room awake but the feeling of contentment fills me until the frustration of not being able to see his face invades my senses. Is my consciousness so stubborn that it will forever punish me and refuse to let me see his face? Waking further, I realize I haven’t spoken to my father or brother regarding my new status. Although our news probably won’t go beyond the local papers, my father has friends here. Looking at the clock, it is too early to call them, so I shower and make breakfast, bringing it out to Jonathan.
“You shouldn’t have done this. I should be doing this for you.” He sits up.
“You have already done so much for me, this is nothing.” I move to the couch thinking he will eat on the bed, but he comes next to me. 
As he dresses, I call my father. Debating whether I am calling him because I’m worried that he will find out or if I have made a decision I am unwilling to admit openly to myself. He answers and his greeting surprises me.
“Mia, it seems you have been quite busy lately, but why didn’t you call me and tell me what was going on, why did I have to hear about it from Peter?”
“Dad, I’m sorry, you knew I was trying to get mom and Alex’s wing off the ground.”
“I did, but I didn’t realize you were getting married. You could imagine my shock when Peter called last night and informed me of this, especially since you hadn’t even mentioned him before. Talking to Stephan last night, he said you never mentioned him to Stephan either.”
I was debating whether to tell him the truth, but we had such a complicated relationship, especially since mom died, that I just couldn’t. “Dad, he’s a good man and has been very helpful in trying to accomplish my dream.”
My father clears his throat. “Mia, do you love him. Isn’t that what people usually say first when they tell someone that they are getting married?”
I close my eyes focusing on the love I feel in my visions hoping my voice will not betray me because I never considered whether I could love him only if I could commit to making him happy if I did enter this arrangement and I don’t want my father worrying about me if I do marry Jonathan. Unfortunately all I manage is a question. Would I marry someone if I didn’t?” I feel the lump rising in my throat. 
“Peter told me that you’re going to England and that he heard from a reporter friend of his that you have already pulled a license.”
“We have, Jonathan is hoping to go home and have a small ceremony after the last benefit in a few weeks.”
I could tell from the silence, he is shocked. Thankfully he breaks the silence before I’m crushed under its weight. “Mia, isn’t this a little quick? How long have you been together?”
Drawing in a deep breath trying to find an answer that won’t spawn more questions, I hope my response sounds right. “Sometimes you just know what is right.”
“Then I’m happy for you. I know it has been very tough since Alex died.”
“Dad, I’m sorry that you had to hear about it from someone else, I was surprised at the press coming last evening.”
“Mia, it’s fine, I was also so pleased to hear what you did with Alex’s insurance. I knew you hated taking the money and can’t believe you found such a good cause to utilize the proceeds.”
Happy for the change in topic, my voice becomes animated. “Dad, I can’t tell you how great Paul has been helping me with this and how good it has been to see the results. Some of the children have come back and they seem to really be moving beyond their pain and the event.”
“Your mother would be so proud at what you have accomplished.”
“I hope so.” Talking to him is the first time that I really feel like myself, like I am engaging in my life. I hear him being paged.
“Mia, I’m sorry, I have to go, but call me soon.”
Hanging up, Jonathan is in the archway. “Are you ready to go?”
I grab my coat. We drive to an obstetrician’s office out of town. I’m glad they are so far off, the chances of running into someone is considerably less with each passing mile. The physician is very pleasant and it appears that everything is on course. He hands me some prenatal vitamins noting that Jonathan didn’t want people knowing anything and then we leave. I have an afternoon shift. Jonathan is grinning all the way back. 
Entering the hospital, the entire place is buzzing regarding last evening. Everyone is looking over varying newspapers and commenting happily. Going over to the news stand, they are sold out. I hope Janet bought some. Exiting the elevator, I could see her down the hall reading with a stack of papers on her desk. I stop before her desk and grab one of the papers taking it into my office. She follows me with the rest.
“Congratulations, you have done to Geoffrey what everyone in this hospital has wanted to do for years. Shut him up.”
“I just hope I didn’t get Paul in trouble in the process. Geoffrey was pretty peeved last night and even threatened him.” I open the paper.
“Are you kidding? If what Francis told me about the numbers is right, she said the Board is considering offering Paul a promotion so that he will stand on equal footing with you and Geoffrey.”
I tear my eyes from the barrage of photos from last evening. “Are you sure?”
She sits down. “Francis told me that they were up all night going over the figures and that you are only about one hundred thousand off of the mark and that the phones have been ringing off the hook for the Board members. Look at the bottom of the paper you’re holding, they put a number where people could pledge money if they could not come to the auction.”
I look beyond the photos and there is a number. “This is great.”
“What’s great?” Paul says from the doorway. “The fact that I’m not under Geoffrey anymore or that your wing will definitely be built and not stuck in some basement somewhere.” He approaches me and I rise. Hugging me, I see his eyes shift to my stomach as he draws back. From the look on his face, I wonder if he discovered my secret. Before I can consider it further, he distracts me. “I got a call from Dr. Meyers this morning, he offered me the promotion and I took it immediately. They are giving me the title of pediatric plastic surgeon. Even though I will still have to assist Geoffrey with his clients, at least he can’t bury me as he desires.”
“That’s wonderful. I’m so happy for you.”
“I’m happy for both of us. I just stopped by before heading upstairs, I’m sure Geoffrey has a few choice words about the appointment.” He laughs. “See you later.”
I flip through the remaining papers quickly before heading off to rounds. They are all pretty similar, setting forth the event, our work and the upcoming benefit. They also confirm our engagement and our returning to Jonathan’s home to tie the knot after the masquerade and before breaking ground. The accolades are appreciated from staff members, who I know are truly happy about the new wing, but my encounter with Geoffrey and his wife is not. Despite my assuring him that I have no intention of doing anything at the next meeting regarding his wing, he feels the need to threaten to bury me once again. Leaving him, I run into his wife on two. She also deems it necessary to promise to look under every rock and in every closet until she unearths some dirt on me to ensure that I will not impair her husband’s dream. Looking at the fire in her eyes, I see how my situation and my child will be used in her plan to muddy my name. I can see how she will try to use my choice against me especially with an older board. 
Armed with this realization which I finally allow to pierce my conscious thoughts and the fact that even if she fails in her attempt to ruin my reputation she will make my life and the life of my son or daughter a living hell, I know I have to do everything I can to prevent it. I only hope I have the courage to go through with it once I agree to his proposal. Ducking into the hospital chapel, I pray for the courage over the next few weeks to break through my dreams and feel the love for Jonathan that I envision. In the meantime, I promise myself that I will do everything I can to force myself to get close to him, to find a way to commit to him and mean it, anything less would not be fair to him. I was graced in my lifetime with love and to deny him that chance, especially after having a troubled childhood, would make me a monster, he was too good to be married to a cold hearted, selfish woman who only took from him and never gave back. 
I walk back to my office, hoping that Janet left the articles so that I could finish reading them at home, now that my shift is over. I am surprised when I enter to see Jonathan reading the articles. “I thought we agreed you would go home and get rest from now on knowing that I’m fine, instead of hanging around here and then working through the night.” His facial features drop and then I remember what I just promised myself. I close the door and turn back to him. “How are you going to be strong enough to help me with those late night feedings if you wear yourself out now always waiting for me?” I lean against the desk and take his hand. His smile is warm and I know what I said makes him happy. He rises, placing his arms around me. 
“Don’t worry, I remember my promise, I just want to check on you before I leave you in peace.” Disappointment resonates through his words. 
I decide to take a step on the path I hope to be able to commit to in two weeks. “Do you have eggs at home?” 
My question takes him by surprise. “Yes why?”
“How about we go back to your house and I make you an omelet and you can get some rest before your calls.” 
He looks at his watch. “It’s late. Last night, you were up late and it wouldn’t be good for you to lose time coming home with me and then traveling back.”
Inhaling deeply, I summon my courage. “If you could stand to have a house guest, I thought I could stay in one of the spare rooms.”
“Really?” He asks excitedly.
“Can we just swing by my apartment, so I can get clothes for tomorrow?”
“Absolutely”
Pulling into his driveway, I remember his guests. “Are your friends still here?”
“Yes, but they tend to retire early.”
I make the omelet and smell a fire in the living room. Putting everything on a tray, I take it out to him. I’m happy he appears pleased at my decision. I rise to clean up and he places his arms around me. “Why don’t you go rest, I’ll clean up and see you in the morning. Do you remember where the room is you had the last time?”
“I’ll clean up and you get some rest because I know you are getting up in a few hours to make phone calls.” I kiss him on the cheek. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
From his happy look and relaxed walk I have at least done something right tonight.
I should have known he would send Anthony down to clean up. “Dr. Angelis, I can do that, why don’t you retire.”
“It’s Mia, please. Will it do me any good to argue with you?”
“No, I have my instructions. I would like to keep the boss happy. He is in a very good mood this evening.”
“Have you been with him long?”
“It seems like forever, he is great to work for and that’s why I’m so glad that he is happy now. Mia, can I be candid with you?”
“Sure, what’s up?”
“I don’t know what you have read about Jonathan, but he really isn’t the bachelor that the tabloids make him out to be. He is actually a workaholic because he never found the special one he was waiting for to commit to him and give him what he longs for. I really hope that you consider that because he wants nothing more than to welcome this new life into the world with you at his side. I hope that by your coming here tonight indicates that you are stepping in the right direction.”
I smile. “Thank you for your insight. Good night.”
“Good night.”
As I pass one of the rooms, I hear a strange angry voice. “You can’t go out there now, she is here and if she sees you, how will you explain it. He assures me that everything is going well and you would just mess it up for him and David. You may not like what is happening, but you are committed to bringing David back, it won’t be much longer and then you can rejoin the state you love so well.”
The female’s response is just as angry. “There wouldn’t have been any need to bring David back if she hadn’t destroyed him in the first place. You are both playing a dangerous game and will lose. Obviously she outsmarted us once and it cost our coven greatly, what if she is playing with him now, what if she really knows, he won’t have a chance at getting back.”
“Be quiet your voice is too loud, what if she comes by.” His voice becomes softer and I strain to listen. “She has no idea and we need her, especially if David somehow split. Don’t be difficult. Besides, he only agreed to help us because he’s wanted her for so long, so don’t make him angry, we need his help and we can’t afford the fallout if we interfere with the one who he answers to.” 
Just then, I hear a door down the hall open and quickly move toward my room before anyone comes out. As my hand turns the knob, Jonathan is coming down the hall. I turn. “I thought you were going to get some rest?” 
“I will. I just wanted to say goodnight to you and thank you again for coming.” He strokes my cheek. “Sleep well and I’ll cook in the morning.” He smiles before returning to his room.
Entering my room, I release a breath I didn’t even realize I was holding when he approached me, relieved that he didn’t misinterpret my coming here. 
The next week at work passes smoothly, and although my dreams of the children and a wonderful man continue, I still cannot see Jonathan’s face, despite my actions to push us closer. I also cannot understand how in the world I look more pregnant than I am and why the phantom kicks continue. Am I focusing so much on the baby to avoid my other issues that I am compelling movement and eating more than I realize?
Leaving the hospital, it’s early enough for a run in the park before returning home. The air is crisp and the park is bustling. As much as I love running in the park, I am surprised at the contentment that washes over me as I pass several areas which will soon open for the winter season. 
Everything is set for the masquerade ball. The restaurant is secured for Monday following the event and everyone has their costumes, but me. I am hoping to bow out of the auction part, but receive a telephone call from a woman named Ashley, one of the reporters who covered the last benefit, requesting to meet with me. She inquires whether I could pose in my costume for an article she is planning on running regarding the benefit and an opportunity to dine with the physician who changed the lives of so many children and is spearheading the new pediatric wing to continue her good work. Talking to Julian during break, he convinces me that it is good free publicity and the more money we secure, the more likely it is the Board will consider putting aside some funds for continued care of patients without insurance. Jonathan calls me that afternoon and says the same thing and even brings by a costume before my shift ends. Trying it on, I am grateful it hides my bump. 
As we leave, Jonathan turns to me. “Can I take you to dinner tonight?”
“Oh no, I need to stop eating so much. I look as if I’m six months pregnant already, by the time six months actually rolls around, I’ll be a house.”
He laughs. “Isn’t that how all pregnant women feel?” He enters the car. 
“No, I’m serious.” I grab his hand without thinking and place it on my stomach. “See what I’m talking about.”
I didn’t expect him to lean down and kiss it, mumbling as he does. “Soon you will be back. Don’t worry.”
It must have been a longer day than I realized, because he couldn’t have said what I heard. “What did you say?”
He looks surprised. “I was telling your stomach that it will be back to normal soon with all the running around you do I’m sure you will be back to your fit form in no time after the birth. You have to keep up your strength and you can only do that by eating healthy, so if you don’t want to eat out, how about we stop and pick up some tomatoes and pasta and I make you a fresh sauce.”
“A good business man and a cook, is there anything you don’t do?”
His voice turns quieter. “I can’t seem to get you to commit to me despite what we seem to have shared lately.”
I lean into his side and close my eyes. Doing this, I get the strangest sensation that I have done this before, but not quite like this. I need to do my best to move forward with this. “Jonathan you are an incredible man and you’re right, we have been growing closer. I feel as if I have known you for longer than just these past several months and your commitment to me, this project, and this child is so overwhelming. I promise you that I am moving in the right direction and I will not put this out any longer than the masquerade.”
He holds me tight to his side. Unaware that I had fallen asleep, I feel myself cuddled into the side of a man, kissing his naked chest as a fire within me ignites. His cool fingers gently glide down my spine before he brings me into his taut chest. My lips travel from his chest, across his shoulders, up his neck to his perfect lips. Opening my eyes in the dream, I am now in the car plastered to Jonathan about to kiss him. I withdraw immediately. “I’m sorry.”
“Another dream?” He inquires amused.
“Yes. I'm sorry.”
“Why would you be sorry? I would love for you to kiss me and hold me like you just did while you are awake. Mia, did you ever think that you dream of me because you really do want to be with me, but you are just fighting it too much.”
“I have actually. Jonathan, I really need you to know that it is not you. You have been so kind, so generous and wonderful I just don’t want to deny you what it is you’re looking for, you have searched for it for so long and if we are moving forward as a family, I want to be able to make you happy, anything less would not be fair to you. I truly believe that I am moving to that, obviously my subconscious has already reached that point, I just want to make sure I can also do it while I’m conscious.” 
He laughs. “Otherwise, you’ll have to allow me to hug you when you dream at least I could have you care for me then.”
The sadness in his eyes reveals how much I hurt him and I so want to remove that. Why am I such an emotional void? Why can’t my dreams just come into my reality? I hug him. “It’s not that I don’t care for you, I just want to give you a real life and a real wife when we move forward.”
As he hugs me tightly, I wonder why I couldn’t have worded it that I do truly care for him. Why is it so hard to say, when obviously my dreams are saying it all? I need to break down the walls and commit to him. He is obviously committed to me and since I decided that I do want to raise my child in a loving family, this is it, I am in the home stretch and I need to jump.
Chapter Six - A Heart Broken

Rushing up the stairs, I hear the breaking of glass and stones hitting the ground below. The vampire who tossed me out of the window is making his own exit to remove Marlena, not wanting to have to go through the fighting out front. Racing back into her room, she is on his back and as I hit the archway, he is crouched to leap through the opening. Throwing myself at them, I grab hold of the clothing on her back, but she rips at it and they are gone. I hit the floor with such force; I hear the cracking two by fours below. Quickly righting myself, I jump through the slot, only to be met by two other vampires which were not part of the earlier fighting. As they move menacingly forward, I quickly retreat, knowing that I am no match for their strength or number. 
As I back away, the dark haired one yells out to the others. “Retreat, mission accomplished, return to William” I hear quickening paces around me, someone grabs me from behind and throws me about a hundred feet. Hitting a tree, I see the rest of them escape through the forest. A moment later, Gabriel, Frances and Reginald catch up to me. 
“Shall we follow?” Gabriel inquires.
Reginald is shaking his head. “No. We will only be inviting further trouble here. Our first priority has to be the safety and well being of those here. Was anyone hurt in the fight?” Reginald’s expression turns grave. “What happened?”
“I think we should get back and check on the others.” He replies without answering my question. 
Circling around to the front of the building, I rush to Eva who is on the ground. Jackson is holding her hand and Catherine moves so that I can get beside her. Their faces appear severe and their eyes are filled with anguish.
“What happened?” 
“One of the men had a lit stake.” Looking down at Eva’s back, I cannot understand their grave expressions because her injuries appear to be already healing. Placing my hands on her back, I complete the process. Sitting up, she doesn’t wince, but her features twist into a dead, lifeless expression. Never in our existence have I seen her sporting such an expression, not even when we were converted or she sent Jackson away. I grab her arms trying to shake her from her immobility. “Eva is something else wrong with you. What happened?”
She forces her mouth open, but nothing comes out and her eyes look as if they would shed never ending tears if that were possible. Her eyes shift to Jackson and his to Reginald. “Someone needs to tell me what’s going on! What happened?” My anxiety spikes and rips through my pitched voice. Scanning the scene looking for someone to answer, it hits me like a brick to the back of the head. Mia isn’t here. 
“Did they grab Mia?” I shout rising quickly, I’m halfway through the forest before Gabriel catches up to me, stopping me in my tracks. Hugging me fiercely, I hear the others approaching. Hoisting myself from his embrace, a realization rips through my heart and mind like a fiery arrow ripping at the soul she restored, knocking me to my knees. If they had captured Mia, Gabriel would never have asked me if we should follow. He would have never even stopped by me. He would have chased them. Gabriel grasps my shoulders, pulling me to my feet.
Eva delivers the final blow as she wraps herself around me. “She’s gone. She jumped in front of my back to protect me and when I turned around, she was gone.”
I shrug out of her embrace. She has to be wrong, I have to be wrong. My voice is a roar. “What do you mean she’s gone?”
Frances’ voice echoes through the sea of despair crashing over me, enveloping every fiber of my being and crushing my very existence. “I was rushing towards Eva when I saw Mia jump in front of the stake. As it hit her, she disappeared. Her entire being was extinguished the moment it hit her and then I saw it hit Eva.”
“You can’t be right! People just don’t turn into dust.” As my eyes meet his, I realize he believes he saw what he revealed. “You’re wrong!” I shout and begin running back toward where we were fighting, calling her name. “Mia, tell me where you are. I’m coming.” I hurriedly move through the woods, she must be hurt, lying on the ground somewhere. Inhaling deeply, I cannot even detect a trace scent from any of the surrounding trees that is fresh. Someone grabs my arm whirling me around, it’s Reginald.
“Andrew, I’m sorry, but she’s gone. Frances was telling you the truth about what he saw. There is no body or remains for you to find. I’m sorry, but she isn’t here anymore.”
He can’t be right. What he is saying is not possible, yet my feet have turned to lead and I am bolted to my spot, only able to stare at the sorrow filled eyes around me while my mind refuses to grasp what he is saying and my heart rebuffs the possibility that she could be gone. “You have to be wrong. She can’t be gone.” As I force these words from my lips, her words to Jacob last night ring in my ears as the realization that she was refusing to sleep flashes before my unseeing eyes. “She knew didn’t she? That’s why she was acting the way she did last night. She was saying good-bye. This is what Amanda knew.” My voice is getting smaller and smaller as the vice around my neck grips tighter and tighter. Although my heart has not been able to beat in five hundred years, the idea that her light could be extinguished from my existence and the life of our children brings such unbelievable pain, that I feel it ripping through my chest. My reaction surprises even me as I feel like an onlooker to my darkened existence. I am attacking Reginald as the fires of hell flame my anger. “Why didn’t you tell me last night! You knew! I could have saved her! She didn’t have to die. She didn’t have to go through the last few hours of her life knowing what a terrible end she was going to meet! How could you! She trusted you!”
Eva struggles to rip my hands from his throat. “Andrew, let go of him! Stop! You can’t do this, please you need to let go of him and get a hold on yourself!” Gabriel’s hands successfully pull my fingers back and he forces me several feet from Reginald as he, Jackson and Frances hold me back. 
As they others stand between us and my family gathers around me, Amanda stands beside Reginald. Even in my incoherent state I could see the looks passing between them and the disapproval upon her face. Eva’s hand upon my cheek distracts me as my stare meets her pain stricken eyes. “Andrew, please, he couldn’t have stopped it. She did it for me.”
I hear her words, but she isn’t making any sense, if Reginald knew that Mia would die trying to save Eva, all he had to do was tell us and we would have been prepared. 
“What aren’t you telling me!” Staring at her as I struggle to comprehend what is going on around me; I realize she is struggling with whatever she has to tell me. “Please, don’t do this. If you know why this happened, you need to tell me now. I need to understand why he could just let her get ripped away from this life, from her children without even giving us any warning to stop it.” 
My eyes shift and I see another disapproving glance pass between Amanda and Reginald before he moves toward Eva, placing his hand on her shoulder. Moving aside, I can feel all eyes boring into me from every direction as he steps where she just stood, wondering if I will lose control again and go after him, but I lock every muscle in place so as not to move. I fight to control even my fingers so that I could hear what he has to say. “Please tell me why this happened. Why wouldn’t you even give us a fighting chance to save her, especially after everything you have done in the past to help us? Why would you let her go now without even a word?”
“Andrew, I only knew for sure moments before the fighting started. Before then, the time line and future kept shifting, it still is.”
“Even if it was only seconds before, why didn’t you get her to leave? Why didn’t you forcefully remove her from the fight? Why wouldn’t you help her?”
“I couldn’t interfere with her choice. She came knowing what would happen in order to save the one who risked her eternity to give you and Mia time to be together.”
“I don’t understand. What are you talking about?”
“She did it to save me.” Eva interrupts.
“Why would she jump in front of you? She knows I could have cured you.”
“She did it because you wouldn’t have been able to cure me. I would have died and she couldn’t live with my death in her place so she tried to right something that I did years ago.”
The more she speaks the more confused, aggravated, and desperate I become for answers that make any sense. “I want to know everything that happened right now, please. I need to know why Mia was taken away today and why I am going back to my children to tell them their mother is gone!” Despite locking my muscles in place as I think telling our children, my legs turn to jello and I sink to the ground, crumpling like a withering leaf. “Please help me understand why this happened because right now nothing is making any sense.” I plead desperately.
Eva’s hesitation in starting causes Reginald to jump back in. “When Mia was thrown into the gorge neither you nor she knew the entire story of what went on. It was true that Eva reached her followed by Emma and Victor, but she died in Eva’s arms. Eva made a deal with Michael to restore her life and give the two of you time. She offered her life, her existence in exchange for time, but it didn’t come without a cost. Michael could restore Mia’s life before her soul could be snatched away but was instructed that it could only be done if Eva was willing to give up her immortality. Michael informed her that if anything besides natural causes were to touch her and if such would kill a mortal, she would die. Last night, when Mia’s hand brushed against Amanda, she saw this and she saw that Eva was going to die today. She couldn’t accept that fate, she couldn’t allow someone else to die in her place. She went out to where it happened and begged Michael to take her life instead and made a deal with him provided that it would not affect the children and that her family would be safe despite her choice.” 
Everything I overheard her say to Jacob and that she whispered to me all night now made sense. She was saying good-bye. “She should have told me. I would have gladly traded my existence for hers. I would have done anything to help her, to save her. Why wouldn’t she just come to me?” 
I didn’t even realize I had voiced the thoughts until Reginald’s voice pierces the crippling waves crashing over me. “The sacrifice could only be cured by the one for whom it was made.” He kneels beside me and pulls my chin up ensuring that I hear what he is telling me. “She could not tell you what was going to happen. If she were to break that rule, her sacrifice would have been for not. If she had told you, if she came out and said good-bye the way she wanted to, Eva would have died today and unbeknownst to her, so would she.” He hesitates and then continues. “Andrew, she can still be with you.” Amanda’s hand flies to Reginald’s shoulder and I can see her squeeze it, but he continues, his voice low and steady. “Her love has not been extinguished and her energy will continue. You can see her anywhere, especially in your children. Don’t give in to despair or give up, she wouldn’t want that.”
My eyes sweep from Reginald and Amanda through the varying degrees of stunned faces of my family. I need to be alone, to somehow gather my scattered thoughts, reel in my stunned emotions and absorb what they are telling me so that somehow, somewhere I can find the strength and the words to explain to my children what happened to their mother and help them deal with a world that is shattering around us all at her loss. Pulling myself upright, I can’t even meet their sorrow filled glances. “I’ll be back.” I don’t even recognize my own voice.
“Where are you going?” Eva grabs my arm; her voice is filled with compassion and worry.
“I’m not sure. I need some time. I can’t tell them yet, Eva. I just can’t say the words!”
“Andrew, I’m so sorry. I never meant for her to find out. She wasn’t supposed to leave you, I was ready.” Jackson clutches her hand as a shiver runs through him probably at the thought of an eternity without the love they share.
I force myself to engage, her sacrifice gave me time and a life I would have never known and was beyond anything I dared to imagine after our conversion. I could not let her take on the guilt I hear creeping in her voice. Hugging her, I try to make my voice strong. “You gave me the gift of time with her. I can’t even tell you how grateful I am for that. I just need some time to figure out what I am going to say to the children. I promise I’ll be back.”
“Let me come with you. What if they are still in the woods, you can’t be caught by yourself especially in your state. They can’t lose two parents today.” Her voice cracks.
“They’re not sticking around. They got what they came for. There is no need for them to still be in the woods. I’ll be fine and back shortly. Just don’t let anything on to the children.” Hugging her, I walk away.
I hear Amanda cautioning Reginald as I break out into a sprint. “You can’t. Let him go. He will return.”
After several hundred feet, I slow down, wandering through the trees, but seeing nothing around me. I’m lost in a sea of thoughts and memories of the time that she graced my existence, wishing that I could have taken away the last few hours which must have filled her with fear and dread for what was to come. I didn’t even realize I was heading there until I found myself standing at the spot where her car had run off the embankment sealing her fate and mine. The first moment I held the spark which ignited an ember of hope in my darkened existence, the moment that fate graced me with life and light from our robbed existence. Dropping to me knees at the spot where her car finally came to a stop, my hand brushes the cool earth as the beauty of her face, even beneath the cuts and bruises brought light to my blinded eyes. 
I should have realized even before then how much she was touching my life, forever changing my existence. As my fingertips glide over a smooth rock, I finally come to realize that in watching her grow and checking on her from the moment of our first encounter, I was actually allowing the foundation connecting our futures to slowly slide into place. Each time I looked upon her, a stone rolled away from the wall which encased my very being from the moment of our despicable transformation and a piece of the heart he ripped apart was retrieved and replaced. Unwittingly, even my more depraved side, in chasing her down here, assisted in assuring that I would encounter the one who would drag us toward the light and into a situation where I could no longer let her go. With each passing moment, it became harder to leave her side. Holding her hand and caressing her cheek while Eva spoke of the memories she was reliving, the pain, self-doubt, and feeling of isolation which eventually led us to bring her here were also the strings that began binding her to me. 
As these memories blossom into those revealing her journey and how far she had come, the depth or her love and forgiveness, the desire to start fresh and always believe in the good that could come, even from tragedy, her loving nature began surrounding me, embracing me and blanketing me in her gift of love that I was blessed to share. As her gentle words and calming nature flow through me desolate shell, I wonder if she is here whispering in my ear as my racing thoughts calm and form into the words that I need to share with the children. 
Closing my eyes, I kiss the gentle wind caressing the side of my face assured that somehow it must be her energy signaling me that she is here. Even in the stillness of my heart, I know it refuses to believe that she is gone. Staring into the wind, I desperately need for her spirit to come to me, to let me see her one last time, to beg her forgiveness for failing to protect her, to save her. Straining to see some glint of her essence, I wonder if it will even be allowed or if the immortality spell causes her energy to be forever around but negates her ability to manifest her image. I whisper into the gentle breeze. “I hope that you can hear me. I love you now and always. I am so sorry that you couldn’t tell me what was happening. I realize now that last night you were saying good-bye, but I refuse to accept it as a good-bye, you will never be gone to me, I will hold you with me forever. I know that wherever you are, your energy is doing something amazing and wonderful, because you are beyond compare, your love and compassion changed me and the lives of all you touched. I know how much you worried about the children. I promise you that they will always know your love, feel your presence around them, and they will grow and amaze those they touch, just like you. You always thought of me as your celestial gift, but in truth you are mine, you saved me, I just wish that I could have saved you. I’m so sorry, Mia. I wish I could have traded places with you. I wish...”
“I should have known you would come here.” A distant voice interrupts me. As I turn, Reginald is almost upon me. 
“How did you find me?”
“I have been following you since you left the others. Although Amanda did not see William’s men encountering you as they leave, I figured there is no harm in my following just to be sure. You are dealing with more than enough and I couldn’t chance you dealing with them alone, if her visions were to change proving her earlier beliefs wrong.” He places his hand on my shoulder and begins moving me. “I am sorry about Mia, but you need to start heading back, the others will not be able to delay the children for much longer.”
Walking back, I compel myself to talk hoping to push through the tsunami crashing over my existence, knowing that I must be strong for our children. I must not fail them. If I do, I will fail Mia again. “I can’t believe she could be gone. It is too much, after everything that has happened, everything that she struggled through to love me, how could it end this way? I don’t understand. I can still feel her with me. It’s strange, I know I am feeling something different in her presence, a feeling like she’s lost and I can’t get to her, that she is just out of my reach, but not that she’s gone.”
“Andrew you have to give yourself time. This just happened. You need to absorb what occurred.” His voice sounds as strangled as I feel.
“It’s strange, but just before the wind began to blow, I was thinking about her lying on the bed, experiencing all her memories as I sat beside her fearing that she would never break through her unconscious state. The whole time, I felt as if she and I were being separated, trapped behind a thin layered wall, unable to connect, until Eva came to tie the strands that slowly forced their way through holes in each of our barriers. I knew then, if I could just tie those strings and bind them to me that she would come back and she did. I can’t understand why I feel like that now, I feel as if somewhere there are strings that are reaching out to me wanting me to pull them back here, reconnecting them to my existence, but that for some reason, they are just beyond a place where I can find them, just out of my grasp. They did touch me though, for the briefest of moments, I felt her in the wind.”
“Andrew, you will always feel her with you. I believe that the two of you are connected and that nothing can ever cut the ties that bind you together. You must believe that too.” He stops abruptly, surprising me.
“What is it? You sound as if you are struggling against saying something more.”
His voice drops and he appears suddenly preoccupied. “No, it’s just surprising how fast it happened.”
“Reginald, do you think that she will be able to manifest her energy to come to us at least once.”
“It wouldn’t be possible for her to return here as a ghost, no.”
We reach the recreation center and I turn to him. “Could you do me a favor?”
“Anything”
“I don’t want to tell the children with others around. It will be hard enough without having to hide information. Could you have Eva or Gabriel bring them to our suite?”
“Sure, if you need to talk later, I’ll be in Amanda’s room.”
Entering the residency, Jackson is waiting for me at the bottom of the staircase. “Is Eva with the children?” 
“She and Gabriel are with them. Is there anything I can do for you?”
“You could tell me that it is a mistake and that you didn’t see her disappear.”
Anguish rips through his features. “I wish I could. I wish I could have traded places with her.”
“So do I. I appreciate you waiting for me, but the children should be here any moment and I don’t want to tell them in the hall.”
“How can I help?”
“Come upstairs with me. They are going to need us around them.” With each step, the crushing weight of the words I must utter intensifies as if another boulder is being placed upon my chest. 
Jacob bounds in first. “Dad, is mom in the kitchen? She has to try this empanada that Paul showed me how to make, it’s great.”
Looking at his excited features, I can barely force out the words. “No, she’s not here. I needed to speak with all of you.”
His eyes finally meet mine, his features fall, and he drops into the chair like a rock. As the others catch sight of him, they cease talking and the dead silence is deafening. Each sits without a sound. Nicole’s hand moves to hold Jacob’s before she utters the inquiry I dread “What happened to mom? How badly is she hurt?”
In that moment, four sets of eyes fill with tears telling me that no matter how gently I try to say the words I am forever driving a hole through each of their hearts that I can never repair.
“Mom was trying to help, when there was an attack by the family which came to rescue Marlena, and they hurt her, she’s ...” Before the words escape my lips, Nicholas whispers. “She’s gone.” Nothing could have prepared me for the violent reaction that followed. He and Kayla throw themselves across the floor as they phase. Grant and Jeff burst through the door as I jump from my seat trying to get between them and everyone in the room and Eva and Jackson throw themselves in front of Jacob and Nicole. Nicholas and Kayla force themselves back into the corner allowing Grant and Jeff to easily grab hold of them. Jeff yells. “Get everyone out of here. I don’t know how long they can control themselves.” Eva and Jackson haul Nicole and Jacob out instantly. Jeff continues yelling. “You too, now! You have to leave, they can’t lose another parent. Go now Andrew, please.” Their growls intensify as I retreat, closing the door behind me. Nicole and Jacob are sobbing as Eva and Jackson are trying to comfort them.
Jumping at me as I’m through the door, Nicole cries. “I want mom, she can’t be gone! She can’t be!”
Bringing them closer to me, mindful that we may have to flee if Jeff or Grant lose control of Nicholas or Kayla, I try to reassure them. “You know she will always be with you. Her love will never leave you.”
Jacob sobs into my shoulder. “She’s immortal too. You have to be wrong, you have to be. Maybe they just captured her like they got us. Maybe they’re holding her somewhere. Dad, please we have to find her. We can’t leave her alone with them, she isn’t dead. I know it, you’re wrong, your wrong!”
“Jacob, she is gone. She wasn’t captured. Francis, Eva and Jackson saw her disappear. They don’t have her, she’s gone.”
He rips himself away from me. “You’re wrong, if you didn’t see her die yourself, you could be wrong and she could be out there waiting to be rescued. I’m going to find her! She didn’t leave me and I’m not going to abandon her!” He’s down the stairs before I stand. The door crashes against the wall before I hear a loud thud. 
Eva takes a sobbing Nicole from me as I fly down the stairs. Reginald is holding Jacob. “Let me go, I have to find my mom!” He struggles to free himself.
“She isn’t here Jacob, please stop struggling. You can’t leave now.”
Taking Jacob, I carry him back upstairs. “Jacob, I love you. If they had taken her, we would have followed and gotten her back, she wasn’t taken by them, son. Please stop struggling.” Suddenly he turns limp in my arms as if he is a toy whose batteries died. Silent tears stream down his cheeks as Nicole reaches out to me. Sitting with them on the floor, I stroke their backs and Eva wraps herself around us as Jackson stands at the ready before us, staring intensely at the door. 
Nicole lifts her tear stained face. “Dad, are you sure they didn’t get her? Could you be wrong?” 
“I wish I were. I wish that I could tell you what I saw with my own eyes, but I can’t.” My voice breaks.
Eva’s softly replies. “They don’t have her. I saw her, she wasn’t captured. I’m so sorry, honey, but she’s gone.”
As I hold them tightly, I can hear the growling inside subside and the door finally opens. Grant is carrying Nicholas as Jeff carries a sobbing Kayla. Although we try to bring them solace, only their mother’s arms around them telling them she loves them could bring them peace and is the one thing they will never feel again. Lifting them, we slowly carry them back into the suite. They cry themselves into exhaustion and after several hours drift into sleep. Rising to place them in their beds, Jeff places his hands on my shoulder. “You should separate Nicholas and Kayla this evening, if they wake up, they may not be alert enough to remove themselves if they inadvertently faze.” We place Nicholas and Kayla in one bedroom and Nicole and Jacob in the other. Returning to the living room, I turn to Grant and Jeff. “Thank you for coming when you did. I didn’t realize that could happen. Thank your friend, she saw it and came to get us as Francis was alerting us as to your return. If it’s alright, we are going to stay on the couch this evening, in case they wake up. If they do, you can’t go near them Andrew, it’s too dangerous. Honestly, I am surprised in their shock that they could control themselves enough to get away from you. If they aren’t alert, something bad could happen.”
“The couches are too small, take the bedroom, it is much more comfortable and there is a connecting door you can open to Kayla and Nicholas’ room. Thank you so much for staying.”
“It’s nothing. We will see you in the morning. If there is anything we can do for you, please don’t hesitate to ask.”
As they retire, I sit on the sofa, staring unseeingly at the room before me, unable to wrap my mind around the course of events. Somewhere I register my finger gliding over the braid of my wedding ring. Knowing Eva and Jackson are still here, I force myself to speak, but cannot recognize the voice forced from my lips. “It’s fine. Go check on the patients and the others; make sure there is no activity around here.” Eva hugs me. “You’re not alone. We can help you through this. I’m so sorry she found out Andrew and that she went to see Michael. I never wanted to hurt you this way.”
Forcing down the venom which had been bubbling up in the back of my throat since this began and fighting through the tide threatening to take me out to get lost at sea, I speak deliberately, clearly. “You granted me the greatest gift in giving me time with her. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have my beautiful family. This is not your fault. She was too good to stay. She is needed elsewhere, to fight elsewhere. You did nothing but make sure that I had her for longer. I will be forever grateful to you for the sacrifice you made for me. I love you.” I embrace her. “I just need some time to think about what I can do to try to make it a little easier for the children.”
“Andrew, you are hurting too. I know that you’re trying to put on a brave front, but it is only us here. I want to help you.”
“Eva, you already have. You gave me time and she gave me life. I can’t let go, I can’t allow myself to feel her loss, not now. My children have been through enough already and I just delivered another devastating blow. I need to hold on to the strength that she showed me I possess and the strength that she held on to in order to move forward when she thought I was dead. I have to be there for them and do right for her, for her memory, I can’t soil that by falling apart or retreating into the nothingness that my existence was before she broke down the barrier. I’ll be fine. You have work to do and I will be alright. I promise, now go and check with the others.”
As she closes the door, I pick up the music box I had given her our first Christmas. My fingers glide over the carvings as Grant enters.
Lifting my eyes to meet his, I can see he is hesitant. “I couldn’t help overhearing what you said to your sister. You need to hold on to that.” He gestures to the chair. “May I?”
“Please.”
“Andrew, I know that today seems too much to even comprehend and that it is all too new to even really feel the loss, but when I lost my first wife to David and his family, it was all too easy for me to get lost in my memories and to hold on to her with such force, that I even thought I was seeing her spirit, if that is truly possible. In doing so, I left Jeff spinning in the wind, looking for answers and having to deal with the pain of losing his mother on his own. I went so deep into myself that I lost years with him, and failed him during the most devastating time of his life. I spent years hating myself first for costing him his mother and then for letting him suffer in angry silence as he fought to get back some of his life. I know you don’t know me that well, but I would hate to see that happen to you. You have a young family that desperately needs you to stay connected to them, to love them, and show them how to cope with their loss. It is not going to be easy, but you need to hold on to what you told your sister, if not for you, for them, for the life that Mia helped you build and the one that she loved and fought for. Don’t let her loss be the end of the life she wanted for her family, don’t let it be the driving force which rips you apart. I allowed it, and I can’t tell you how afraid I was coming here that I couldn’t find my way back to Jeff. We still have a long way to go and some pretty rough roads to repair. I would hate to see you have to travel that path. She loved you and her children more than anything in this life. I saw that the day my sister took her back to David’s land and forced her into a situation where she was sure she would die. She refused to give death an easy mark and refused to leave you and your children. From what I could see, her love even allowed her to cross barriers that she wasn’t aware could be crossed, especially when she connected to Jacob. She was amazing, but I’m sure you already know that, don’t let her life be remembered as what closed you off from yours and your children, she would hate that and they need you now more than ever. From what Jeff tells me, I wonder if she knew what was coming and was even trying to put things into place to make sure that her family would be alright. I don’t know if you know, but she asked Jeff if he or I could stay and ensure that Nicholas and Kayla are alright with their transformations. If it is alright with you, I would like to help you with that.”
I can’t believe how much she was trying to accomplish in such a short time. “I would appreciate your help with that. We don’t know enough and even though I’m sure that Amanda could help, I don’t know what her plans are and my children are very fond of you. Did Jeff say anything else about what Mia knew?”
“Only that she was concerned with this new aspect of Nicholas and Kayla’s life and that she seemed preoccupied with it.”
“Did she seem afraid?” My voice cracks and his eyes fill with understanding.
“I don’t think that she was afraid for herself. Jeff said she seemed very concerned about you and the children. I know that I don’t know you very well and that I didn’t know her for very long, but she struck me as the type of person who cared for others more than herself. In fact, you and your family have turned my perspectives upside down. We were always raised to fear and hate vampires and although Amanda is a great witch, we have also run across some that have made us very weary of their kind. Yet the people in your community seem so dedicated to helping others and teaching their children that with their power comes the awesome responsibility of ensuring that it is never used in anger and always in, at least, the attempt to make things better. I am truly stunned. You have a very strong community here, filled with good people, and family that will help you through this, don’t let William and his family destroy that, their kind have already destroyed too much from what I could see and I’m sure that I have only seen a very small part of their destruction. Don’t let them claim your family. Andrew, can I ask you something?”
“Sure, what’s on your mind?” In his hesitation, I can see that he is debating on whether he should utter what’s on his mind. “Grant, you can ask me anything, I may not be able to answer you, but please feel free to speak your mind.”
“When I was with Mia in England, she appeared to be afraid of something more than just David and his family. Mia didn’t want to, but her fear consumed her so that she made something slip. She seemed to indicate that if someone found out that Jacob was vulnerable, they would come for him. Your family and friends seem so strong, yet her worry and your family’s talk about how those who came for Marlena seeming so much stronger than what is usually expected of your kind make me concerned that there might be something dark out there that you fear is much more powerful. Who was Mia so afraid of and now that she’s gone, does that mean more trouble is coming?”
As I consider what he is asking, I realize that it is not mere curiosity I see in his features, his family is here and his concern for them is evident. “The answer to your question is quite a long story, but I don’t believe that more trouble is coming, not here. You’re right, Mia was afraid that Jacob was vulnerable to something more than just David and his family. We have come across enemies that are very dark and would want to hurt us through our children. Mia was always concerned that someone she helped remove from the fight on this plane would come back to hurt her and the way to do that would be to hurt our children. It’s very complicated and in truth, I’m not up to it right now. I hope that you can understand that. I am not trying to be evasive it is just that I need some time to gather my thoughts so that I can be here for my children, and ensure that I don’t close myself off like I did in the past.” I can’t help but chuckle. “Mia was the one who opened up my world in the first place. I know that you asked because you are concerned about your family, but I don’t believe there is any trouble coming here now. I don’t even think William’s men will return since they have Marlena. From what I could see of their type, they are very barbaric and were only concerned with getting her back and continuing on with whatever they were doing before David instructed them to assist her. They may return one day, but I’m sure that our friends are already putting protections in place.”
A knock on the door interrupts me and Grant rises. “I’ll get that for you and then retire. I am really sorry for what you’re going through and know how you feel. If you ever need to talk to someone who went through it, I’ll be around.” 
Gabriel comes to sit by me. “Is there anything that I can do for you?”
I turn to face him. “I need you to make sure that I don’t slip into my own world. I know what happened to me after the conversion, even though I didn’t realize how detached I had become until she entered my life. I can’t do that, not now. I can’t let the children lose another parent. She brought out the best in me, she is truly my other half and I don’t know how to move on without her.”
He moves his hand and rests it on my shoulder. “I know that she was your other half and I promise you that I won’t let you retreat into yourself, you didn’t give up on me when I thought I lost Martina and I won’t give up on you.”
“Gabriel, when you thought you lost Martina, did you really feel her loss, because I can’t feel it. I swear I look in the kitchen and expect her to walk through the archway at any moment.”
“Andrew, it just happened, you need to give yourself time. Of course you will look around and wait to see her. You have to give yourself a break, give yourself time and know that she will always be with you. She will always be around you, watching you and the kids will be a big help. You know how much they love you and need you that will ensure that you don’t close yourself off.”
“I just can’t believe that He would have given her to me only to take her away so quickly.”
“You know that we cannot second guess what His plans are. You need to remember, you are not alone. We are all here for you. I know what you thought when you first realized she was gone, but I’m glad that you could feel her presence and that you are not thinking about that any longer. You always told me that it would be the easy way out and you cannot afford to even think of that again, not even for a moment. I know what you are feeling now, but you have the children to think of and they need you now more than ever.”
“That’s just it; I don’t know what I’m feeling anymore right now. At first, the despair felt as if it was crushing me and I wanted the weight to overtake me and destroy me, but then when I went to where I had driven her off the road, I felt her, she was all around me. I don’t think that she is gone. I can’t explain it. It’s feels like she is just beyond my reach and that if I could figure out how to reach her, she would come back.”
“Andrew, that’s not possible, we all saw the stake go into her and then she disappeared.”
“But that’s just it, it doesn’t make any sense. Why wasn’t her body still there? Even with a flaming stake, there should have been something left, she wouldn’t have just disappeared. I know that Emma said if she ever died, her energy would be released into nature, but this whole thing just seems off.”
“I don’t know why she disappeared or how it happened so quickly, I have never seen anything like it. She was there one moment and then it was as if she dissipated into thin air. I asked Emma if she had ever seen anything like it and she hasn’t either.”
“Gabriel, did you know what Eva did?”
“Yes, she tried to block it from her thoughts, but when we first arrived and I caught Eva struggling with the idea of returning to the gorge because she was afraid that she hadn’t promised enough to get Mia through it all, I finally got her to tell me everything.”
“Why didn’t anyone tell me?”
“Andrew, you brought our family so far and stayed with each of us during our dark times, when Mia died in Eva’s arms, she couldn’t stand the idea that the first sparks of life any of us saw in you throughout this strange eternity would be extinguished. If she told you, her sacrifice would be tainted and you would be forever worrying about what you had cost her. She knew this and so did I. She also knew that Mia would never allow someone else to make such a sacrifice. The moment she found out, she wouldn’t even discuss anything with Eva, she ran out immediately and when she returned, she wouldn’t even give a clue to what she did, but Eva could see it in her eyes. Eva tried to reach Michael, but he did not come.”
“Has anyone spoken to Amanda?”
“No, why?”
“Grant is worried that trouble may be coming and it got me to thinking.”
“I don’t think that they would come back, they have Marlena and she knows that the one pretending to be Jacob was destroyed. We don’t have any more of their kind.”
“We don’t, but we did destroy him and we did destroy David, they may return seeking revenge, but that is not the only thing that I’m worried about. I know that despair brings doubt and that is when we become most vulnerable.” He stares into my eyes.
“You’re worried that something may come to turn them, aren’t you?” His head whips up. “You can’t think that Jonathan is coming back in some form.”
“It’s just that Grant was telling me how afraid Mia was that someone was coming for the children when they were captured and even though she was wrong about him holding them, I wonder if she saw something or felt as if he was coming. Even when we came home, she seemed more guarded. I thought that she was worried for Nicholas and Kayla, but now, I wonder if it was something more. I’m sure that David was returned to hell and just wondered how much they know of what is going on now. The more encounters we have with them, we learn more how to defeat their attacks, but the more enemies we make and send down, the more they learn about us. The ones they sent to retrieve Marlena are more powerful than I have ever felt our kind. They tossed us aside like rag dolls. As we adapt so do they. With Mia, gone and our suffering her loss, we are vulnerable and this would be a good time for them to strike.”
“Would you feel better if I asked her to share whatever she can with us about what she sees?”
“Ask her to help if she can. I know that she is afraid of changing futures, but I need to know if the children are going to be safe or if there is something coming for them. I need to protect them. I failed Mia, but I can’t fail them! I need your help.”
“You did not fail Mia. Andrew, she loved you more than her own life and loved her children. You know this and that life is always a gift. I know it was not as long as you had hoped, but her life has meaning and her love and energy will continue despite her not being here the way you want. She would not want you thinking that way and she would be so angry with you for what you said right now. Don’t do this Andrew, blaming yourself is a slippery slope and will make you vulnerable. You need to stay strong, if not for yourself, for your children. She kept what she knew and what she did from you, but not to make you feel as if you failed her, she did it to protect you and the children, to make sure that Eva was still here and to make sure that no one else was sacrificed on her behalf. You couldn’t fail her because you loved her and you know how much she was grateful for every moment of your life together.”
“But she should have talked to me, maybe there was another solution, she gave up too easily. I failed to protect her and I failed to show her that she could have trusted me enough to share anything, she knew what was coming for her and she was in it alone.”
“She didn’t give up too easily. You know that! She didn’t tell you because she knew you would have sacrificed yourself for her and she could have never lived with someone else taking her place. She didn’t choose to leave you, not in that way, she chose to do what she believed was right in the end, the only thing that she thought she could do. She wouldn’t allow anyone to sacrifice for her, especially you. As you wanted to protect her, she wanted to protect you. She loved you, her family, and this life. She wanted to do what she thought was right and you need to continue to do what is right now and not let her memory become tainted by guilt, frustration or despair. She would hate that and you know it. She fought to bring you out of that and it would never do for you to return there, especially because she is counting on you to help your children through this. Take a walk and clear your head, I’ll stay here and when you return I’ll go and talk to Amanda.”
“I can’t leave right now. If the kids get up, I need to be here. Go and talk with Amanda and I’ll see you later.”
He leaves and left in the quiet suite, I don’t know what to do with myself, but I have to do something. Opening my computer, I find myself opening all of the pictures she and I took but, it is just too painful and going down this road I can feel myself retreating into our memories as our last night plays through my mind. Gabriel and Grant are right. I need to stay strong for the children. I need to be here. Forcing myself to close the cover, I walk into the kitchen. I know that Mia wrote down all of the recipes she learned from Gabriel for the children after insisting on doing all of the cooking. Every time I offered, she would remind me that Lucas told her about the kitchen incident and laugh. Finding her book, I flip through the recipes, my fingers glide over her elegant writing and I realize that she categorized everything. Finding what she marked as each of the children’s favorite breakfasts, I gather the ingredients, spreading them on the counter. Unknowingly I must have made noise. Jacob calls for his mother from the other room. Turning to go see him, he is already standing in the doorway.
“I’m sorry, did I wake you?”
“I thought it was mom in here.” His eyes fill with tears again. Hugging him, I move to the couch. “It will be alright. Your mom’s love will always be with you. You are strong and the best part of her continues to grow in you and can never be taken away.”
“Dad, do you think that she suffered?”
“No, everyone told me that it happened instantly.”
“Dad, if I tell you something will you promise not to get mad?”
“I want you to tell me everything Jake. I won’t get mad.”
“I had a feeling that mom was saying good-bye to me and I didn’t tell anyone. If I had, maybe you could have stopped her from getting hurt and leaving us.”
I hug him tighter. “Jake, even if you told me what you thought, I wouldn’t have been able to stop this. It’s good to trust in your instincts, but we can’t always stop things and change things to work out the way we want.”
“But then what is the use of being able to do what we can do, if we can’t use it to save people? To have saved mom!” I wipe his escaping tears.
“You’re right, our powers should be used to help others, but sometimes things are out of our control and no matter how much we want to change them, we can’t. All we can do is try our best and help where we can. I would have given anything to save mom, but sometimes, no matter how hard we struggle, we can’t save the ones closest to us.”
“But that’s wrong! You and mom saved me. She never gave up on me. She even came for me when she couldn’t see and she fought to get to me and find me when I thought for sure that I would never get home again. I shouldn’t have let her leave the recreation center. I could have made her stay and she would be here. I knew something was wrong, I could feel it.”
“You can’t take this on Jacob, this is not your fault and there was absolutely nothing that you could have done to prevent this. Your mom loved you more than anything and she wanted you safe and to grow up loved. Although she isn’t here the way we want her to be, she is here with us always and she wouldn’t want you to think that you could have done something to stop this.” 
He can no longer stop the sobs from ripping through his chest. He leans up against my shoulder. I try to comfort him. Finally, he puts his head up. “Dad, what were you doing in the kitchen?”
“I was looking over the recipes mom kept so that I could make breakfast. I know that your favorite is French toast with blueberries.”
“How did you know that?”
“Mom, put all the meals by category. For breakfast, it is listed as your number one favorite, while apple cinnamon is listed as Nicholas’ favorite.”
“Did she really do that for every meal?”
“She did. Do you want to see?”
He nods and we go into the kitchen. Flipping through the book, he giggles. “What’s so funny?”
“There is a smear of butter on my French toast recipe. One time when she was teaching me, she tried to get fancy and flip it in the pan, but it landed on this paper. She was so upset with herself and she told me that I should take it as a lesson of what not to do. I just took it off of the counter and flipped it onto my plate, it was really good.”
A breaking dawn pierces through the blinds. “How about you teach your old man how to make French toast?”
A sly grin crosses his face. “Is there a fire extinguisher under the sink?” He tries to stiffly a giggle. “Mom told me the story about you burning down the kitchen. Are you sure, you want to try again?”
Messing up his hair, I get lost in the moment. “As long as I have you to show me what to do, I think I can risk it.”
“Alright, let’s get the eggs.” He hugs me. “Thanks for not getting angry about what I said and showing me this. I forgot about it.”
“I love you Jake. Like I said before, I want us to be able to share everything; don’t ever be afraid to tell me anything you’re feeling, even if you don’t think that I’ll like it or get upset, o.k.”
“O.k. I promise.”
We make everyone’s favorite French toast, but for Kayla we make an omelet. Within moments, they stroll into the kitchen. Grant and Jeff come in and excuse themselves. As I walk them to the door, I thank Grant again. As they leave, Eva and Catherine come in.
“We thought we could help, but it sounds like you have everything under control” Catherine remarks walking into the kitchen.
“How are you doing really?” Eva stops in the middle of the room.
“I can’t think about that right now. I just want to focus on helping them. Eva in truth, I’m terrified. I can’t believe that she is gone. Everything inside of me is screaming that this is wrong and yet I’m afraid to let the reality of her loss sink in because I can’t allow myself even for a moment to fall apart. I wouldn’t be able to pick up the pieces. I don’t know what to do.”
She hugs me. “I know, but it just happened, you have to give yourself time and then slowly maybe you could let the reality in. I know that you are trying. I heard you and Jacob when I went to get Catherine. You’re doing the right thing. Just keep trying to move in that direction. I am so sorry that she just didn’t leave what I did alone. I would give anything to give her back to you. It wasn’t supposed to end this way, especially not now.”
I shake my head. “Stop. You know you couldn’t have stopped her and if it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have had her or my children. I owe you everything, so don’t do this to yourself.” Jacob calls me from the kitchen so Eva and I go in.
Chapter Seven - Forging An Existence Without Mia

Over the next few days, my family refuses to leave me alone, even for a moment. The aggravation of never being alone in my thoughts, especially when the children are asleep, keeps me from falling into despair because the moment my thoughts drift to memories one of my siblings does something annoying to distract me. I’m grateful as the children wake up crying for Mia, we are there to hug them and reassure them despite knowing that even with my healing abilities, I could never repair my broken heart or theirs. 
Jacob comes up with the idea of pledge to do our best to do right by what she wanted. She always fought to do right and even in what she called her darkest hour, she held on to hope and forged forward. We agree that we will do the same and not mourn her death but celebrate her life. I am relieved that the children don’t want to say good-bye in traditional human ways because I couldn’t do that. Something inside of me refuses to believe she is gone. It is strange, but I feel more as if she is lost, Emma keeps telling me that I am feeling her energy around me, and that it is concentrated here, because this is where she was happiest, but there is something more, something I just can’t put my finger on. 
The children decide to plant Mia’s favorite trees in the grove, surrounded by her favorite flowers and William sketches the scene. Jacob surprises me when he asks William if he is going to send it to the gallery when it’s done. Despite the tears in his eyes, he forces himself to laugh and reply in a positive way. “I thought we would hang it in the residency so you can see the spot flowing with life even in the winter.” 
Amanda lets Gabriel know that William’s coven is in this area but she doesn’t see them coming here at this time and that she cannot get an exact location on him. When Jeff hears he is in this state, he approaches me about moving his pack up to this area at least for the time being. I am more than happy to have them come here. Despite our best efforts, I hear the conversations going on about Mia at night, especially Kayla with Charlie that they do not share with the rest of us. From the sounds of what I am hearing, she doesn’t want to give me one other person to worry about. I try to get through to her and reassure her that I want her to share even her sorrow with me, but at this time, she seems much more comfortable talking to Charlie and he is absolutely wonderful with her. The children at our school are understanding and try to keep Nicholas, Kayla, Jacob and Nicole occupied. At night, Nicholas and Kayla still have difficulty in controlling the transformations, especially when they dream of Mia. Eva and Jackson enter their dreams to help and I sit by their bedside and try to speak softly to them, but as they transform, we are considered more harmful than helpful. Thankfully Grant stays in the suite with us helping them gain control quickly.
Although Nicholas says they do not feel threatened by our presence once they phase, they are afraid in the moment that it takes for them to recognize that it is us, they will bite and I do not want them more concerned or traumatized than they already are, so having Grant with them helps them to feel better. 
If I am being honest with myself, it makes me feel better and allows me to study his interaction with them in those first few seconds of transformation and gain an understanding of what is going on. With each passing encounter, they respond quicker and gain control easier. I can understand why Mia went to Jeff to put this in place. She was always thinking of us and wanting everything to be right. 
I need to do what is right too. Remembering how she promised the children that they could learn every aspect of their powers and knowing how this could empower them all making them stronger not only in this situation but in the future, I become determined to show it to them. 
After walking them to school, I immerse myself in my work. After school, we take a walk to the cabin so they can practice using their powers. Despite the wide range of emotions that they are experiencing, their control over their powers astounds me. As they reach a new milestone though, their looking for Mia or calling out “Mom, I did it,” before realizing she isn’t there breaks my heart. 
Emma comes out several days to teach them allowing me to sit on the sidelines so that as they reach another milestone, they see and call out to me.
I insist my siblings return to running Sanctuary and caring for the patients. Our family is not the only ones feeling Mia’s loss. After putting the children to bed, I cannot help but get lost in my thoughts, wishing that I could sleep, have a chance to dream about her. One evening, I drift so deep within my own thoughts, I don’t hear a knock on the door until Jacob shakes me back to the present, This frightens me and is my wake up call. What if it was Nicholas or Kayla phasing or one of the children calling out in a dream, would I have missed that too? I cannot do what I am doing and decide not to allow myself to do that again. I must be as strong as she was when she thought she lost me. From this day forward I will throw all my effort toward my children and into helping James out with his research.
After tucking the children in their beds, I open the computer to review the research that James continues to conduct trying to find an answer to what happened to David and Marlena. Unfortunately, without being able to continue to monitor Marlena and follow the changes in her blood, James is getting extremely frustrated and so am I because we only have a limited blood supply remaining from David and Mia, and are no closer to finding answers. 
Looking at his research, I could see he found some similar abnormalities in each of their samples, but there is nothing indicating what the source of the abnormality may be or if it could have been linked to David and Marlena’s changes. Since the abnormalities are not exactly the same, he does not seem to indicate which may be the original source and which the mutated versions are. The more I read and review the results from each test, the more unanswered questions appear. 
Going through it again, I notice the abnormalities in David’s and Marlena’s blood appeared to be identical on twelve of the fourteen comparison marks found, and comparing it to Mia’s, I find only two similarities. One she shared with Marlena and David, but one she shared with only Marlena. Pouring through the comparisons, for possible explanations, it appears James did the same and discounted all of his assumptions. His frustration jumps from the pages and I can see he has been left stumped. In a side folder, he appears to have concentrated on a comparison of the abnormalities to human genetic traits and diseases, yielding some indication that two of the traits found are comparable to traits found in someone who is severely anemic and one comparable to someone who suffering from low potassium. However, all other traits, James notices cannot be associated with any known diseases or genetic traits, other than a possible connection to one born albino. It appears to me that David had the original traits while Marlena had the mutated form and I wonder if Mia after she was bitten acquired the second mutated version since it mixed with flowing human blood.
Reading on to see if he found anything which could back my theory up regarding the similarities shared between Mia and them, I could only find reference to one. He appears to have concluded that as David sired his prey, there was something in the transference of blood and venom held in his fangs that attached to cells. I note that his records question whether the transference is more prone to connect to newly formed red blood cells. His notes also set forth a reminder to ask me if Mia lost blood before David’s bite. Continuing forward, I cannot understand why Reginald’s input on the research seems to be missing and then I realize that I haven’t seen him since the night of our encounter. Flipping back through the beginning, I notice that Reginald’s input disappears two days after Mia was gone. Calling up to his room, there is no answer so I try Amanda’s room. When she fails to answer, I call Gabriel who informs me that Reginald left to take some of William’s paintings to the Gallery before going to help a friend. He also lets me know that Reginald said he would be returning shortly.
Placing the phone in my pocket, I hear Jacob talking in his sleep. “Mom, get away from him, he’s dangerous; you need to come home. It’s all wrong. Come home, please.” His tearing eyes flutter open as I enter the room.
Sitting on the side of his bed, I hug him. “It’s alright Jacob, it was only a dream.” 
“It was so real and clear.” 
“Can you tell me what you saw?”
“I saw mom and she was heading toward a man I’d never seen before, but he was surrounded by darkness and fire.” A pained look crosses his features and his voice sounds panicky. “He looked as if he was standing before hell and was going to pull mom in, but she kept moving toward him as if she couldn’t see what was around him. She had one of those strange smiles on her face.”
As I’m about to tell him it’s only a dream, his tears flow quicker, so I decide to get him to talk some more about it. “What do you mean by a strange smile and what would make you think it was hell?”
He sits contemplating my questions. “I thought it was hell because there were really dark shadows flying around him and flames all around. Mom had that smile she uses when she is upset and doesn’t want people to know, it’s a closed lip smile, but you can see her face straining to keep it there.”
“How do you know about that smile? She always thought she fooled you.”
“It did fool me up until the day she came to the dungeon to get me to leave, she had that same look and that’s when I knew that my suspicions were correct.”
“Jacob, your mom was such a good person she always chose the path of good. I’m sure that she isn’t anywhere bad and I’m also sure she is watching over you. You must have pictured it because of the people we were fighting when she disappeared and all that you saw when you were being held. It’s only a dream and they can’t hurt you or her.”
“Dad, I know that mom used to sleep out on the couch with you sometimes. Can I come out there and stay with you tonight?”
His voice sounds so hopeful, I couldn’t help by smile. “Of course you can, but how did you know your mom used to do that?” 
“I had a dream about it one night when we first got back from England and mom told me that she actually did do that when she first came here.”
“Had you ever dreamt of your mom’s life before our trip?” I inquire as we sit down.
“No. It was the strangest thing, but after we came back, I had a few dreams and mom told me that they actually did happen to her.”
“What kind of dreams did you have?” I’m surprised that Mia didn’t mention this to me.
“I had a dream mom was swimming and trying to drag a man through the water and then she was crying because he didn’t make it. The other one was when she was talking into a candle and someone appeared before her in an old cabin, but all I could see was his shoes. Mom told me it was you who came in.”
“Did you dream of anything else?”
“No, not really.”
“Jacob, it sounds like you did dream of something. Please tell me.”
“It wasn’t so much a dream of her, it was more that I heard her voice in my dreams, but didn’t see anything.”
“What did you hear?”
“I heard mom begging someone to help her because someone couldn’t die for her and then whoever she was talking to spoke too low for me to hear.”
From the way he seems to be straining to still hear now and the tone in his voice, it sounds as if there is more. “What is it?”
“It was just the weirdest thing. Her pleading was followed by someone calling for her to scrub because a kid was shot. It made no sense.”
“Sometimes dreams can be confusing. Even your mom was confused by some of her dreams, but said that they became clearer in time. Just remember though, dreams cannot hurt you, but if they upset you or you want to talk about them, I am always here for you.”
“Thanks dad.” He cuddles up to me and I wrap my arms around him just like I used to do to his mother.
After he falls asleep, I cannot help but get momentarily lost in my memories and the happiness she brought into my life, even when we were struggling to figure out what type of existence we could share. Despite fighting to hang on, I could feel myself closing off to the hurt of her loss. Forcing myself from this path which would cause me to close myself off from the children, I kiss Jacob on his head and pick up the file.
Pouring through it, concentrating on every single detail so as not to let my mind stray again, I wonder if we are looking in the wrong places. James’s sub-file compares the abnormalities to human genetics and diseases. What if this had to do with our world and all the changes weren’t as a result of their conversion back to some type of human form. Knowing there is not too many studies conducted on our kind, if any at all, I needed to figure out how to best approach this. Although we could take samples from us, most of us are from the same family and all the others have the same diet, would that limit the range too much to yield any true results and considering the limited supply of blood sources from Mia, David and Marlena that we had left, it would not be wise to waste it on such a limited range. Wondering if James came across or performed testing on our phenomena over the centuries that may help in increasing the range, I am about to call him when Nicole comes out. 
“Did Jacob stay out here all night?” She crawls on the couch next to me.
“No. He had a dream.”
“I’m glad he was with you. I dreamt that he turned into a werewolf too and was running through the forest looking for mom.” She quickly wipes a tear from her cheek. “I miss her so much.”
Hugging her tightly, “I miss her too, but I can still feel that she is around us and I’m sure that she is watching you.”
“Dad, I know that Aunt Katrina and grandma came to mom on her wedding. Do you think that mom might one day be able to come to us to let us know that she is at least happy wherever she is?”
“I don’t think that would be possible.”
“Why, I’m sure mom was a much more powerful witch than they were.”
“It may be because she embraced her ability, but this is not an area I am very familiar with and when I asked Reginald about it, he said it wouldn’t be possible for your mom to return as a spirit here.” 
She struggles against allowing her tears to escape, reminding me so much of how Mia used to force them back. I hear her mumble. “That’s not fair.”
“Nicole, she will always be here.” I point to her heart. 
Jacob stirs. “Good morning.” His eyes shift to Nicole. He moves quickly to sit on the floor next to her, taking her hand. “I miss her too, but it’s alright, don’t cry.”
“She’s alright, I can feel it. Nicole really, it’s alright.”
“What do you mean you feel it?” She wipes away the escaping tears and forces the others to slow.
“I can’t really explain it, but I know she’s alright, wherever she is.”
My eyes lock on to his. “Jacob, what are you talking about?”
“Dad, it’s really strange, but it is as if I could feel her, the way she came to me when I was in trouble. Last night, I felt as if she was near someone who could cause her trouble, but now I don’t anymore. I can’t really explain it.”
Nicole grabs his other hand tightly so that she is holding both. “Can you teach me how to feel mom, please.”
His face drops and his tone turns anxious. “I am not doing anything. It’s just feelings that come over me. I don’t know how to control it.” 
“It’s alright Jake, everything is alright.” 
Nicholas and Kayla enter. Looking over at Nicole and Jacob, they notice their tense features. “What’s wrong?” They inquire together.
Nicole responds. “Jake thought he felt mom.”
“Is she alive?” Kayla inquires hopefully.
Nicole answers before I can. “No, he didn’t feel her that way, he felt her spirit.”
I see all their eyes tearing and hear Nicholas let out a big sigh. “Oh” His eyes shoot to the clock. “We should get ready for school.” 
The next two weeks are especially trying. Jacob is getting up every evening with strange dreams, and Nicholas and Kayla are anxious over the next full moon. Although Rachel volunteers to go with them, she is six months pregnant and I did not want her risking her miracle. Jeff and Grant assure me removing Nicholas and Kayla is just a precaution because this is the first moon after losing Mia and the pull of the moon may cause some lapsing in their controlling their phase. Jeff tries to reassure us that everything will be fine and is even allowing Charlie to go along for Kayla, while Paul and Julianne are going to help Nicholas. As their bonds strengthen, the lines that we used to fear as unknown crumble into the dust as werewolves, witches, and vampires bond together, forging new relationships out of the ruins that David and his covens left behind.
Knowing that Grant and Jeff are no longer concerned with Nicholas and Kayla leaving the cabin, I stay within earshot. I want them to know that I am there, especially because their mother could not be, but I don’t want to be so close that my scent will confuse them during the first few moments after the transformation. 
Gabriel plans on coming with me, while Eva and Jackson stay with Nicole and Jacob. Eva is hoping to get a first hand picture of what Jacob is dreaming about Mia. 
Before leaving, I can tell that Jacob is apprehensive about going to sleep. When I ask him why, he lets me know that he fears seeing Mia near that frightening man again and has been having strange feelings that she will encounter him again. I can tell he hates thinking about her in danger and is probably equating this because of his own harrowing experience. Despite our best efforts to convince him they are only dreams and that the dreams can’t hurt Mia, he seems unconvinced. I offer to stay with him, but he begs me to go with Nicholas and Kayla in case they need me. 
As Gabriel and I leave, he makes me aware that unbeknownst to all of us, he sees that Jacob went to see Amanda before she left and asked about the dreams. He tells me that Amanda explained Mia’s gift. I realize that Jacob is convinced that what he is seeing can be more than just a dream, maybe he has even convinced himself that he is seeing what is happening to his mother’s spirit. I try reaching Amanda to find out what else she told him and Reginald, but neither of them respond to my communications. I only hope Gabriel is correct and that they will return soon.
“Andrew, I know that you are putting on a brave front for the children, but I can see what it is that you are holding on to.” He turns and his eyes bore into mine. “She is gone. You may feel her, but she cannot come back. Even though you think that this may help you not to isolate yourself in your memories, you need to deal with her loss. I’m afraid for you. I can see you going through the motions, doing your best to heal the patients, but there is an underlying anger over what happened to her, it will hurt you if you do not deal with the loss, allow yourself to grieve and try to move on. The anger makes you vulnerable.”
I take in a calming breath. I don’t want him concerned for me. “I am angry, but not because of the reason you think. I’m angry with myself...”
He interrupts me. “You couldn’t save her.”
“That’s not it. I feel as if I’m missing a piece of a puzzle where she is concerned. There is something that is not right and I can’t stand not knowing what it is. I know what you told me, what happened, and I understand what everyone said as to why I feel her, but there is something else. There is a reason why Reginald and Amanda left so quickly, a reason Mia disappeared without any remnants of her remains and there is a reason Jacob is dreaming about her. Something is nagging at me and it’s important, I can feel it, I just can’t place it.”
He grabs me by the shoulders. “Andrew listen to me, she is gone. We saw it. Reginald and Amanda left because someone they know is in trouble and needs help. Jacob is dreaming about his mother because he misses her and it is normal when someone misses their mom to dream about them. You are angry because you feel you should have been able to save her, believe me, I know. I spent over two hundred years fighting with myself when I thought Martina was gone. Mia loved you and loved the children, but she couldn’t allow someone else to take her place. She also probably feared the ramifications of what would come down on her family if she did. She left to protect you, not because she wanted to leave you, but if you don’t let go of this and the underlying anger about it, you will leave yourself open.”
“I’m not really angry, Gabriel, I’m frustrated.” We both fall silent as something rustles in the distance. The movement is heading away from us. It sounds like two sets of heavy feet running over the underbrush, extremely fast.
“Stay here, I’ll check it out.” Gabriel whispers, but I grab his arm as he is about to dart off.
“No, we go together.” I call inside to alert Grant as to what is going on.
“Don’t worry everything inside is under control.”
As we pursue, they are moving quicker, they must have detected us. Despite our best efforts we are unable to catch up to them and lose their scent at the riverbank. Jumping to the other side, there is no trace that they came out of the river, so we double back to the cabin.
The growls from inside sound agonizing, I can’t stand being outside knowing that they are suffering inside. I dart for the door, but my face hits the floorboards of the porch and Gabriel pins me down.
“Stop struggling, you won’t do them any good if you die too. Barging in will only result in turmoil and confusion. Gabriel lets me know he hears Paul comforting Nicholas as Charlie comforts Kayla. Give them a minute and I’ll call inside to see it’s safe for you to go in.” 
Rising, he helps me up. When the growls subside slightly, Gabriel calls inside and a moment later Grant opens the door. “They will be fine, it was good that you didn’t burst through the door when we heard the thud, they were too confused and in pain, Gabriel is right, you wouldn’t have helped.” I look over and see Charlie’s nose nuzzling Kayla’s neck and growling softly while Paul is doing the same to Nicholas. “Approach them slowly, I kneel between them, but if their growls become loud or angry, you have to dart and let us stop them.” Grant cautions.
Approaching them slowly, I kneel beside them stroking them lightly and speaking into their ears. “I love you. I know that you miss your mom, but everyone here loves you and you are doing so well. She is so proud of you, your warm and loving hearts and your astounding ability to control your fears and actions even at such young age. I am so amazed by what you have been able to accomplish. I am very proud of you and love you. Continuing to stroke their fur, they move their heads and rest them on my knees, closing their eyes. Paul and Charlie stay close while Grant, Jeff and Julianne stand alert. Looking down at them, I know there isn’t going to be any trouble. 
Gabriel moves slowly toward me. “They just really miss their mom, but are happy that you are here and are well in control of themselves.”
My bewildered eyes meet his and he answers my question before I voice it. “Their minds are still readable, they still think in human form and they can understand you, you are making them feel much better. They’re just exhausted from fighting their urges to run and control themselves.
I look toward Grant. “Is it possible to let them run and for you and I to keep up with them?”
He nods, but then Gabriel interjects. “Are you forgetting about the intruders which we chased and lost? The scent...”
Putting my hand up to stop him, I recognized the scent as well and I hadn’t forgotten about them, but I don’t think that they would be on the land now, if they wanted an encounter they would have stopped and engaged when we were chasing them, they are well aware of how much stronger they are. I sense the need the children have to relive their already overwhelming stress. “I didn’t forget, but they ran, they didn’t engage us. They won’t come back tonight, knowing that we caught their scent.”
“Wait here a minute.” Gabriel walks outside with Grant and Jeff. I hear Gabriel explaining that we caught two scents from William’s coven and their angry, growling responses. A moment later, they all return.
“We’ll take them running, but we need to stay together and head back toward Sanctuary, we can stay in the other cabin, it’s closer.” Gabriel kneels before Nicholas and Kayla who sit up on their paws nodding their heads. He strokes their head gently. “Don’t go too fast, remember, I’m five hundred years old and it may be difficult for me to keep such a quick pace.” He smiles and I hear their husky laughs.
It is amazing to watch their control. As they descend the stairs, they want to sprint and could probably be halfway across the forest before the rest of us reach the bottom step, but they wait until we are next to them and then set a pace which is fast but that we can easily keep up with. Nicholas let loose once, but instead of running ahead, he runs in circles around us, never out of our site. I am in absolute awe of my children and hope Mia is indeed watching and can see how the choice we made in their young life prepared them for this. Their understanding of power, the need to control it and to work for what they desire all comes into play in this moment.
The children play in circles with Paul, Charlie and Julianne and feel the need to run around the lake twice before we reach the cabin forty-five minutes later. Climbing the porch steps, they growl as if in conversation with Grant. When Gabriel and I enter, Nicholas and Kayla are human. My mouth drops. They did it; they converted back on their own while the full moon is still high in the sky. 
The jump at me and hug me fiercely. “Thanks for letting us run, it was amazing.” Nicholas lets go and goes over to Gabriel. “For someone so old, you kept up pretty well.” Kayla laughs.
Jeff, Charlie and Paul transform as well, but Grant and Julianne stayed in wolf form. Jeff comes over to us. “How do you feel?” 
“A little tired, but running is a lot of fun. It’s hard concentrating to stay human. It feels like I am fighting against myself, it’s a little annoying.” Nicholas remarks as Kayla nods in agreement.
“That will get easier in time and then you won’t be fighting against it so much. You may want to go back to wolf form for now though, because the more you struggle with it, the more tired your mind becomes and accidents could happen.” He can’t keep his eyes from glancing toward Gabriel and me. “In your wolf form, it will be easier now because your senses have gotten used to your dad and Gabriel so you won’t be fighting against your instincts feeling that they are a threat.” As soon as he says this, Nicholas and Kayla back away from us and are wolves once more. They lie down near the unlit fireplace, so I stoke up a fire.
Once it is well underway, I sit between them. Gabriel whispers in my ear. “I’m going to go back to Sanctuary and let them know what we found in the woods and check on Nicole and Jacob for you. Should I come back?”
“No, stay with Nicole and Jake and see if Eva has gotten anything. We will be back in a few hours when the sun comes up. Call me if anything is wrong.”
The children soon fall asleep by the comfortable fire. Despite knowing their fur keeps them warm, I can’t help but rise and cover them anyway. 
Jeff comes over to me. “Gabriel told me whose scent you caught. Everything here seems to be going well. I am going to go and get my pack so that we can go over the woods near the river, they had to come out sometime and maybe we can get a lead as to where they went.”
As he reaches the door, I grab his arm. “Thank you for everything, especially letting Charlie come for Kayla this evening.”
“No problem. You have wonderful children Andrew. I know that you are going through a very difficult time, but I’m glad to see you fighting to stay with them. I know how hard that is.”
“Jeff, be careful out there. If you find anything, call us and we will come with you. I’m sure your pack is strong, but I don’t think that the coven is the way you remember them, there is something about them and even though we have never encountered them before, I think their power has changed and not for the better.”
“Is there something that you are not telling us?” His features turn concerned.
“I’m not keeping anything from you. It’s a feeling that I have from something that Amanda told me before she left about there always being balance and how some demons or creatures become stronger as others are rescued. I can’t put it to anything really, it’s just a feeling, but I think it would be better if you find them to have us there with your pack as back up.” 
“I will let you know if we find anything.” He chuckles. “This is very strange. The first time I saw you outside her window, I had every intention of killing you and now, I’m calling you as backup.” He shakes his head and as he leaves, Grant follows him. 
When Grant returns, he is in his human form and I am covering Julianne, Paul and Charlie who have just fallen asleep.
“Do you think that he will call or should I send Frances and Damian to follow them?” I ask, seeing his worried expression. 
“No, he will call. I am just seeing now what I have driven him into with all my years of hiding with a pack that would not even support my family when they were in danger.”
Moving to sit by him, I place my hand on his shoulder. “Grant, you can’t think of it that way. He is a good man who found his way and the path that is right for him. Sometimes our circumstances set a course for us that we don’t understand at the time, but makes us stronger and betters those around us. Just think of all those people whose lives your son has saved. He told me about how his pack would go out patrolling and chasing vampires away from their perspective prey. If I had been out to do Mia harm that night, I’m sure that he would have saved her. You should be very proud of him.”
“I am proud. I just wish that he didn’t have to travel that road alone for so long.”
“He has you now.” His eyes flash to the door. “Grant, go. I’m sure he is still rounding up his pack and everything here will be fine.” His eyes glance toward the children. “They will all be fine.”
“Are you sure? When they are in their wolf form, you can’t understand them and something could go wrong if Paul tries to transform to let you know what is going on.”
“It will be fine. I can call Gabriel to come back. He can still understand what is happening. You could do much more with Jeff right now.”
He is off quickly and I call Gabriel who informs me that he is already on his way back. When he enters, his features turn my ice cold blood into a glacier.
“What happened, is it Jacob or Nicole?” He shakes his head and whispers beside me so as not to wake the kids.
“No. Our intruders were after the research James is doing and in their haste they destroyed two computers, including the backup computer, stole the main computer with all James’ data, and destroyed most of the blood supplies. James says that all he has left is what he kept in the residuary storage, which is barely enough to conduct one test, let alone the number of tests he was planning to conduct once he figured out a different way to approach this matter because no human diseases or traits seem to fit.”
“Why would they come back for our research? They don’t seem like the inquisitive types. I mean I know that Marlena’s heart was beating, but do you really think that they would care why? I would think that she would insist that they transform her back immediately. What could they possibly want with data that hasn’t even gotten us anywhere?”
“They didn’t know that we hadn’t found anything, maybe they were afraid to bite her because of what happened.” There is something in his voice, something he is keeping from me.
“Gabriel, what aren’t you telling me?”
“Why would you ask a question like that?”
“I can hear it in your voice and the way you are evading answering me now. What is it that you know? Does it have to do with the data?” As I say this, I remember wanting to speak with James about the missing piece regarding the similarity between what he found in Marlena and Mia’s blood that seemed to be missing from the records I reviewed. “What is it about Mia and Marlena’s blood that James is trying to hide from me?” My eyes lock on his. He knows something and I know he can’t lie to my face. “Gabriel, I can see it in your eyes, you know.”
His voice drops. “Marlena was pregnant!”
That’s not possible, she was a vampire when she bit Mia in the woods and there was no time that she could have spent with David between then and meeting up with us, we were all in the woods then. That isn’t possible. I mean she didn’t even realize that she had a heartbeat until she was at Emma’s. James has to be wrong. Vampire women cannot have children. There must be some other explanation.” Then what Amanda said about a seed hits me. She couldn’t have been right. “Gabriel, we know that is not possible.” Taking my telephone out, I dial James and practically growl at him. “Didn’t you think it was important for you to share your suspicions that Marlena is pregnant so that we could investigate if it is true?”
“Andrew, at first I couldn’t believe it. From everything Reginald told me of what went on there and the suspected time frame, it didn’t seem that there was time. I didn’t believe it was true or even remotely possible, but then again, I was thinking of it in a traditional fashion.”
“I don’t understand, what are you talking about, are you telling me that there is more than one way for it to happen? I need you to come to the cabin and explain to me exactly what is going on!”
A few moments later, he is at the door. Opening the door, I make him aware of the sleeping wolves by the fire before we sit with Gabriel. “Now tell me exactly what is going on and why this information was not in the notes you sent me.”
His eyes shoot to Gabriel before quickly returning to his folded hands. It is so quick that if I wasn’t trying to read his facial expressions, I would have missed it. His voice becomes low. “I didn’t send you the information because I figured that I had to have done something wrong. It isn’t possible for our kind to carry children and wouldn’t help your situation at all. It would only upset you further.”
The synapses in my brain are finally putting together a piece of the puzzle I have been missing. Gabriel’s strange expression confirms that James slipped and was hiding something. “Why would anything with Marlena upset me? Even if she is pregnant with David’s offspring, why would that...” The missing piece slides into place and hits me like a wrecking ball. I spring to my feet and am out of the cabin before they can even blink, unsure of my ability to bury what I am feeling and I can’t afford to wake the children up in a manner that could cause harm to anyone. My hands dig into an oversized trunk, shredding it. 
Despite my best efforts to control myself, if Gabriel didn’t grab my hands there would be nothing left of the trunk to hold the top of the tree. “Andrew stop, it will fall and startle everyone.” He pulls me away. “We have to get back inside in case the children wake up. James can’t be in there alone with them. You have to gain control now.” 
I force myself to shut down all emotions and climbed back up the stairs. He’s right, if the children wake up, there could be a disaster. James is in the archway, probably realizing the danger if they should wake and only smell his scent. We walk over to the corner and I force myself to speak low and deliberate. “Is that the similarity you deduced from Mia and Marlena’s blood, is that why you were hiding those results, that monster somehow got them both pregnant. How could that be possible?”
“I didn’t know how it was possible either. I couldn’t even fathom it, but then I spoke with Reginald and Amanda. In ancient times, there were stories of very powerful demons who were not only the blackest in their own right, but had crossed powerful lines in the surreal world realms created on this plane. In reaching their plateau of power, they were able to manipulate all of the forces around them to create an opportunity, a chance to create a portal ensuring that if their energy had somehow escaped from their form, they would be able to return by attaching to another sentient being or creating a new life in a woman to ensure their return to this plane.” Their best opportunity to create a new life would be a willing woman because of the gestation period. 
“That doesn’t make any sense, Reginald has to be mistaken, if that were possible then why wouldn’t Satan himself come? He is the most powerful demon there is.”
“He cannot come that way; he was forever banished to the underworld because of where he was first. He did not have ties to this plane. I shake my head knowing he came for my mother. “Andrew I know what you are thinking but that was to reclaim one of his own that was down there with him. He does have certain powers to come here and do that, but he cannot stay. But there is legend that one in every millennia that he creates, a pure demon who is strong enough to cross the barriers of the surreal realms and gain omnipotent power in all of them, will be able to master the ability to tie themselves to this plane so that if their energy is released from the chosen vessel, they can return.”
“You are not making any sense.”
“Andrew, I am just telling you what they told me. Reginald and Amanda told me that this is the reason for possessions that have been recorded in history. There have been documented accounts of such possessions, and even children, who have done purely evil things, possessing powers and blackness that could not be explained. I’m sure that you have knowledge of such things in your history, you may have even come across something like this, you of all people who can see what surrounds others, you know this is true.”
 “Even if that is the case, your theory does not make sense. Your tests showed that they were both pregnant. How could he come back through both?”
“I can’t tell you. I don’t know. All I do know is that when Reginald found this out, it was the first time that I have ever seen him frantic, he was talking to himself, mumbling something about how your soul was split and questioning if such a demon could split in such a manner if two women are available. I’m telling you, he was absolutely freaked, pacing wildly saying that something like that would definitely destroy her, it would be something too powerful. I have never seen him so unraveled. Even Amanda couldn’t calm him down. When she tried, he grabbed her and kept pleading with her to share what she saw and she kept telling him that it was too fast and changing constantly, that she couldn’t get a hold on any of it. When he finally let her go, they were packed and out of the residency within minutes.”
All sorts of dark thoughts consume me at this revelation. “Have you talked to him since? Why would he be so worried about Marlena that way? Is there a connection between them that we are missing? Could he be compromised?”
“I haven’t spoken to him since that night. He isn’t returning my calls. I don’t know what to tell you.” His tone reflects the same concern.
“Do you think that he is searching for her now?”
“I don’t know what to think.”
“James, did you send the records to our off site backup?”
“No, it wasn’t safe to have any of it off site, you know that. We lost everything but the blood that I set aside for a last test. I wanted to ensure that my testing did not destroy the entire sample, so I separated out some of it for one last test.” His tone is one of pure defeat and frustration.
“I maintained copies of what you sent me on my reader so that I could throw myself into the research while the children slept. It is in my suite, go and download them to another computer.” His features turn relieved.
I turn to Gabriel. “Why wouldn’t you tell me what you knew?”
“I only found out the day that they grabbed Marlena and by that time, Mia was gone, it would not have changed anything and you were already suffering enough. There was nothing to gain by telling you that she was pregnant.”
“We need to find out if Reginald has been compromised. It makes no sense for him to be worried if Marlena is destroyed by David returning. If he is returning through some sort of portal, we are going to have trouble. We have to let Grant and Jeff know. If the ones who have Marlena know what she is carrying, they are going to be more dangerous than ever.”
Although they were traveling as wolves, I hoped they had their phones so that we could alert them, but both Grant and Jeff’s phones go to voice mail. A breaking dawn pierces through the shades of gray alerting me that we can wake the children and go searching for Jeff’s pack. They cannot be left out there alone, especially if more of William and his kind return.
Chapter Eight - New Revelations

As I wake the children, Gabriel called over to Damian so that they will be ready to leave on our arrival. Moving quickly back toward Sanctuary, we see Grant, Jeff and their pack up ahead. I can smell the blood and quickly run over to them. “What happened?”
“Five of them came out of the trees and attacked my pack as we approached the other side of the riverbank. I think they were waiting for us. They left us with a message not to interfere and not to come looking for them or they would destroy all who come for them.”
Taking the man Jeff is carrying out of his arms, I inquire softly. “Was he bitten?”
“No, surprisingly, none of my men were bitten, just thrown around.”
“Let’s get them inside and I can accelerate the healing process.”
After working on his men, I go out to speak with Jeff and Grant who are waiting in the hall. “They will be up and around within the hour. There have been some developments which we think that you should know about. We don’t know exactly if they are correct or the full story, but I want us all to be on the same page.” I motion for them to follow me into my office so that none of the other staff members will hear.
Grant interjects. “Does it have anything to do with the information they took from you and Marlena’s human condition?”
Closing the door behind us, I motion for them to sit. “Yes, it appears that Marlena is pregnant.” Jeff and Grant both shake their heads.
“Andrew, look, we know that there are things going on here that are inexplicable, like your ability to heal people, Eva’s entering into dreams and Gabriel reading minds, not to mention the fact that you can work with others and be friends with what we consider natural enemies. All that is amazing, but you can’t believe that Marlena is pregnant.” His disbelieving tone is evident. “She was a vampire for a few hundred years and vampires can’t have children, I don’t care what happened to her recently. That is why David sired so many. If he could have had children, I’m sure he would have made armies figuring they would be stronger because they came directly from him. I’m sorry, but you are wrong, even if her heart did begin beating when she returned here, it’s not possible.”
“Normally I would agree with you and in truth, I’m the first one to be skeptical, but the tests we were running on her says otherwise and supposedly there are ancient stories which back up a theory that this pregnancy is not a child, but....” 
Before I can utter another word, Jeff’s eyes shoot to mine, his features contort and his body shakes in aggravation, alerting me that he somehow knows what I am about to say. “That’s not possible!” He roars. “David can’t be returning! That demon has to be in hell burning where he belongs! He can’t be coming back, he can’t be!”
Grant grabs his shoulders. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about David using Marlena to come back, but not in the form of possession, he’s coming back as a new life, a new being.” He practically spits in Grant’s face.
Stunned at how much he knows, I interrupt. “Where did you hear about this and what else do you know?”
Closing his eyes, I see his lips move minutely and know he is counting to calm down. After several moments, he opens his eyes, but struggles to stay calm enough to respond. “When I first left Grant, I didn’t come straight here. I was too angry, too filled with rage. I traveled. One day, I was in the islands and came across a wolf that was into voodoo and was studying the black arts. She was millennia old and loved to tell stories not only of raising the dead, but of demons strong enough to stay on this plane by traveling to new victims each time their energy was expelled from whatever body they were possessing. She told me of an ancient story, where a demon recreated himself in the form of a new life, one whom he did not have to fight the conscience of another life to possess. You see, in possessions, demons are not as strong as they could be because the conscience and being that they possess is in a constant battle with the occupying demon. If the one they possess is good, the consciousness is always fighting to stop the demon from pursuing their evil ways and if the consciousness is bad, it fights the demon for power to pursue whichever course they desire. She told me that only the blackest of demons are able to trap in the netherworld the purest souls to be able to recreate themselves and tie themselves to this plane. However, if the soul which they entrap ever escapes or finds a way back, the demon would be banished to the netherworlds for all eternity.” His agitation rises and he takes a breath to calm down. “Are you telling us, that David possesses that type of power and is coming back? Do you know what that means? He was already virtually untouchable, a wolf bite didn’t destroy him and even powerful witches couldn’t take him down. If he is coming back who knows how powerful he will be or what type of crazy mutants he can sire. He may even come here seeking revenge. Even though Mia is gone, she did make him vulnerable in having to go through the gestation period and establishing himself again.”
As he says this, something even more terrifying hits me and I sink into my chair. What if he comes to destroy the children fearing that whatever Mia had within her power to turn him human rests in them. He would never let them live if he thought they could make him vulnerable.
Grant comes over to me, the concern etched in his features. “Andrew, do you really think that it is possible that he is coming back?”
I can barely force the words from my lips as images of David coming after my children flash across my unseeing eyes. Knowing they are just as concerned with their families and that David is not coming back this second, I force myself back into the present so that we can deal with this situation and I can answer him. “Honestly, I don’t know what to believe. I know that lines can be crossed but this just seems too much. However, the stories do sound similar and I know that evil has been unleashed on this plane before. James did confirm she was pregnant and she was not a vampire when she left here, so it may be possible. For now, we have to be on alert. They must be searching for answers themselves as to what is going on with Marlena. They may not even realize she is pregnant yet, let alone the possibility that it may be David’s portal back to this plane. I’m more concerned right now at how far into our grounds they got and what they did to detect and get around our protections. They obviously are more than just vampires. They have witches with them or are witches themselves because only strong witches can detect such protections.” Considering the protections in place, I wonder if they are of such a mutant variety that they would not be impaired at all by our more potent protections that surround the courtyard area.
“What occurred to you?” Gabriel inquires slipping into my office, pulling me from my introspection.
“If David has that ability and those that he sires are not typical demons or vampires, our protections may not be effective at all against them. We can’t interfere or try to find them, not yet, not until we are sure that everyone here will be safe and we know exactly what we are dealing with. If this David can come back and is coming back through Marlena as a child, it may be best to leave him there right now.” 
I catch Jeff’s disbelieving look and turn to him so that he will listen to my reasoning. “Even if we were to locate them and stop him from coming through in this type of state, if he can latch on to someone else, we won’t be able to figure out who that is or where he is going. We need answers as to what we are really dealing with before we take any drastic moves. I know your pack came up here hoping to find William and destroy all of them, but for now, I don’t think that it would be wise, especially on your own. There are too many unknown variables and way too many people can get hurt. You know from what you told me that David appears to be untouchable and the ones he sired, at least the ones we have encountered seem to be stronger than any normal vampire. They are something more or have developed into something more since you last encountered them and without having some idea about how to better stop them, you are going to get hurt, your men could die and there are too many individuals here and children who could get hurt and need their parents to live another day.”
I hear him sigh and know that he agrees. “As much as I hate to admit it, you’re right. They have changed since we encountered them last time. They could have easily killed us. Thankfully, they wanted to ensure that we took back a warning to you and your friends, but Andrew we can’t let this go too long. If David is within Marlena, we need to find her and keep him contained somehow until he can be destroyed. Maybe we can find a way to destroy it while it is still within her, before it comes, it may be vulnerable.”
“Jeff, from what you told me, even if you were to destroy the creature, David would still be able to inhabit another being. We need more information before we do anything. We need to come up with a plan and we need help.”
“So what do we do now?”
“Do you know how to contact the wolf who told you this story?”
“I didn’t keep in touch with her when I came here, but wolves generally stay within the territory they claim and build their pack, unless they are like mine, ones that seek out certain targets to eradicate. She could still be there, but I have no idea how to get in touch with her other than to go down there again.”
“If I gave you access to a private jet, would you go there and see if you could track her down and get her up here? Maybe she could help us.”
“I could try, but Andrew, she seemed to love the dark arts and I’m not sure if bringing her here would be wise.”
Turning to Gabriel “Go down with him and take Francis. If you find her, see what you can discern. Try to find out if there is any way that this story is real and if there is a way to separate the demon from the host and contain it until there is a way to destroy it. If she is into the dark arts be careful, she probably isn’t just a wolf. See if Jane will come with you too, next to Rachel, she is the most powerful witch we have here.”
Grant turns to Jeff. “I’m coming with you. This is all too strange and we are now crossing realms which I never thought possible. You may need help. I know how you will push her and challenge her about this story to get to the truth.” He turns to me. “Paul can handle things with your children tonight. They are making remarkable strides at control, you must have taught them very well as children.”
“I’ll call and arrange for the plane, you can give him all the information as to where you are going once you’re on board.” As they prepare for the trip, I go and check on the children knowing that they saw Jeff’s men hurt.
When I arrive I’m not surprised to see Paul, Julianne and Charlie, but am a little stunned to see Nicole curled up in Paul’s lap. He is trying to comfort her and I can see she has been crying. As soon as I walk through the door, Paul scoots her over and moves toward me, his features concerned.
“I hope you don’t mind, she was upset about her mother and worried about you. They heard the others talking about the intruders last evening and with my uncle’s men hurt, she became afraid that something might happen to you. Did my father and uncle go back to the residence?”
“They did. They’re preparing to track down an old friend of your uncle’s that may have some information that could help up us.” He reaches the archway and turns to Nicole. “See, I told you your dad would be fine. Try to feel better and if you need to talk, I’m always around. See you later.” He turns back and Nicole runs up to him hugging his back.
“Thank you for everything.” He turns his head, staring at me and seems to be even more concerned. 
I mouth a thank you and his features relax slightly before he leaves. As Nicole turns, I pick her up. “He’s right, you don’t have to worry. I was just helping out some patients”
“That’s what mom said before they killed her. Dad, do you think that those men will be coming back here?” Her tone is laced with anxiety and as I look around I see the concern in all of their features. 
“No, they just wanted the information that we had on the woman who was pretending to be your mother. We don’t have any more information to offer them so I doubt that they will be back.” Wanting to take their minds off of what occurred; I force myself to sound upbeat. “Who wants to help me make dinner?”
“Dad, have you looked at your watch? Dinner was hours ago. Paul and Julianne showed us how to make baked chicken and potatoes. We knew we could go down to the cafeteria kitchen, but they thought it would be more fun to show us how to cook. You’re not mad are you?”
Knowing they had the same idea I did in trying to take the children’s minds off their worries, I gauge my voice. “Why would I be mad? I am very happy that you have made new friends and that you are learning how to cook, your ...” I stop myself. I always knew Mia wanted to teach them because of her lack of ability to do it as a child. 
Jacob hugs me. “We know. We miss her too.”
I smile at all of them. “Since it’s so late, why don’t you get ready for bed and although I know you are all getting older and don’t need your old man to read to you, maybe you could just indulge me for tonight.” I want to leave them with good thoughts so that they won’t have nightmares.
Tucking them in, I kiss them goodnight and stand between the two rooms with a book. After a half an hour, the last eye closes and I call Eva to learn what she found out staying with Jacob and Nicole last night. 
A moment later, she’s at the door. “Jacob was dreaming about Mia again, but it didn’t make sense. He saw her jump out of a car to help a woman and child who were in a burning taxi. She even operated on the woman, quite skillfully I might add. She reminded me of you when we were in Rome and you were a surgeon. I can’t understand how he dreams in such detail or how he would even have such knowledge to dream like that.” She shakes her head as if dispelling some errant thought. “His dream shifted to her talking to another physician making a deal with him to perform plastic surgery on some young girl and she would pay for it.” Her eyes stare into mine. “Andrew it made no sense for him to be dreaming that way. I could see if he dreamt of Mia helping people here or even outings that all of you enjoyed, but she never talked about surgeries to the children. As far as I know, she never even assisted in any, so it seems very strange that he would put her in that environment. Could his dreams be confusing stories that Mia told Kayla and Nicholas about Katrina? Did she perform many surgeries?”
“I never heard Mia say anything about Katrina performing surgeries to the children. Could you monitor them tonight and see if anything is going on. I’ll talk to Jacob tomorrow about this to see if he ever heard such stories. Did Nicole dream of anything last night?”
“Not really and nothing about Mia”
“Eva from your tone, she did dream about something, something you think will upset me. I need to know so that I can help her.” 
Sighing, she finally tells me. “She began dreaming about being taken again. I’m not sure how she did it, but the second the blue cloth was coming at her, she somehow stopped her dream and left a picture in her mind of the flowers at the lake. This picture seemed to remain in her head for the rest of the evening.”
I knew Jacob was teaching her how to shut down her emotions when she was upset, but I didn’t realize that she could do it in her dreams as well. I’m stunned at how quickly they are surpassing anything I thought they were capable of and wonder if Nicole’s ability to shut down that way is somehow a variation of Mia’s ability to throw a protective shield around herself when dreaming.
“Andrew” Eva’s voice pulls me from my introspection. “Gabriel told me what was going on and what James said. I can’t believe Reginald would be worried about Marlena. Could James have gotten the timing wrong? Could it have happened before Mia disappeared, maybe he confused Reginald being concerned for Mia.”
“I don’t think so because he said that as soon as Reginald learned this, he and Amanda were out of here and you know they didn’t leave until after Mia...” I just can’t bring myself to say that she died. Eva gently places her hand on mine. “I understand. I can’t say it either.”
I can see from her facial expression, something else occurs to her. “Maybe his reaction was because of who David was. Maybe he can’t stand the thought of his brother coming back as that creature to cause more havoc.” 
“I don’t know what the truth is anymore. Eva, would you mind staying with them. I need to get some air and want to check the woods, make sure there are no unwanted travelers in them.”
“Sure, take all the time you need.” Her features are filled with understanding and sympathy.
Hitting the edge of the woods, I open up as thoughts of Mia flood my mind. Rustling through the trees freezes me in my tracks and I crouch down, trying not to make a sound as the two sets of quickly padding feet come closer. Why would they come back, we aren’t pursuing them? What could they want now? Keeping my eyes peered to where I hear the sound I just hope I’m strong enough to fight them. I won’t have my children lose another parent. To my surprise a wolf emerges. Inhaling deeply, I realize it is Paul. I call out. “Paul, it’s me, Andrew.” He phases and comes toward me knowing I cannot understand him in his wolf form. “What are you doing out here so late?” I inquire.
“I wanted to check the woods and make sure that there are no surprises tonight. I know your children are really afraid and I didn’t want them hearing about anything else happening this evening, especially with my dad and uncle gone. I wasn’t sure how my uncle’s pack is about patrolling without him here.”
“Paul, I appreciate what you are doing, but it is not safe for you to be out here alone. Your dad would be devastated if anything happened to you. Please don’t come out this far again, at least not until they get back and we get some help.”
“I wasn’t going to engage anyone. I just didn’t want anything to happen close to Sanctuary. You have some really nice people there and they don’t deserve to get hurt.”
“I can understand that, but your young and you have your whole life ahead of you. You know what type of monsters those men are, they wouldn’t think twice about ending your life if they found you out here. You may be fast, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
“Is that why you are out here?”
“I wanted to check on things and needed some time to think.”
“Dr St. Cloud, I’m really sorry about your wife, she seemed like a wonderful lady and a good mom, just like mine.”
“First, it’s Andrew, please and from the way you are, I’m sure your mom was wonderful, she raised a very caring son.” I clear my throat. “Paul, I know you got nervous when I came home, but I want you to know how grateful I am that you were there for Nicole. I know my children feel as if they can’t tell me they miss their mom because they are worried it would make me sad, but if they talk to you, let them know that they need to talk to me too and it’s alright. Sometimes, they think that I’m only saying that, but maybe if they hear it enough from other people too, they won’t feel bad about talking to me.”
“I did tell them that and how talking to my father makes it easier for me and him to share our loss. I know that he is really trying this time and how much he hates what happened between he and Jeff.”
“Mia was telling me that he feels very guilty about not being able to communicate with Jeff then. That’s another reason why I don’t want to close myself off from my children or have them close themselves off from me.”
“I don’t think that they will. I know you think that they are very young and physically they are, but mentally, they are a lot older and they understand more than sometimes anyone gives them credit for. Andrew you should know that Jacob stills feels connected to his mom. He thinks that his dreams are trying to tell him something, the way Mia’s dreams used to tell her things. He is holding on to that feeling with everything he has because he doesn’t want to let her go. I know how that can be because I thought my mother would always be here too, but knowing how holding on too tight made my dad lose sight of the living, I fight every day to put her death in the proper perspective. I would hate to see Jacob lose sight of everyone around him, but please when you talk to him about this, don’t tell him I told you. Find a way to bring up the subject another way. I wouldn’t have betrayed his confidence, but I’m worried and I don’t want to see your family hurt anymore.”
“You’re not betraying his confidence by telling me this. Eva already told me he is dreaming of his mom and that Jacob knows of her gift of deciphering situations and solutions to issues in them, but I think he is dreaming about her because he misses her and he feels the special connection to her because of the way she connected to him when he was in trouble.”
“Did you ever find the reason why David died or Marlena reverted to human form?”
“No. Our researcher, James found some abnormalities he was trying to follow, but we haven’t found anything concrete.” Walking back, a new set of fast approaching footsteps is coming right for us. Throwing myself in front of a still human Paul, I take in a deep breath. I relax as the scent hits me and call out. “Serena, I’m here, what’s wrong?” 
A moment later, she catches up to us. “It’s Rachel, the baby is coming and both are in distress.”
Before she can even explain, Paul phases and we bolt toward Sanctuary. “Which building is she in?”
“We took her over to the terminal and put her in room four. Jason is frantic, but is hooking her up. It’s too soon, the lungs aren’t fully developed. If you can, you have to stop her contractions. Otherwise, see what you can do to help the baby’s lungs.”
I fly into room four and Eva is there, the baby is coming and it is too late to stop it. Looking at the monitor, Serena is right and both hearts are in extreme distress. Placing my hands on Rachel’s heart, I watch the monitor until her heart registers a stronger, steadier beat.
Grabbing my hands, her voice is a strangled plea. “You have to save my baby Andrew please, you can’t let him die.”
“I will do everything I can. I can’t reach his heart until he is out. Just another minute, hold on Rachel and stay strong.” Jason is helping Eva deliver the baby, but their grave features tell me it doesn’t look good.
As Rachel leans back from the contraction, she is crying. “Why isn’t he making a sound?” 
I move toward the baby. “Jason, help Rachel. Eva and I have your son.” Serena comes in with the incubator and leads. The baby’s heart stops. Serena bags him as I do the compressions and Eva puts the leads in place. The monitor finally blips, but it is faint and irregular. Placing my hands over his heart and lung area, the heart beats become stronger for a moment and fail again. Finally getting the heart to beat once more, I can hear the influx in his tiny lungs, but then he fails again. He is too young and his lungs are not developed enough. Maybe my strength isn’t strong enough, I need help and I need it now. Looking over to Jason as we continue working on the baby, I try to keep my voice calm, but fail. “Get Nicole and Jacob, bring them here, now!” 
He’s out the door instantly and Eva looks to me as she charges the defibrillator. “What are you thinking?” Once it charges, she places it on his heart. Beginning again, it is very weak and won’t remain beating with just my help.
“I need their energy and their help. We are limited and I am used to healing, not advancing, Nicole and Jacob can do both. Remember when they were practicing and we thought that they made the mouse older. We may have been right. Their energy and mine combined is what this baby needs.”
They bolt through the door. “What do you want us to do?” They stand next to me and I can see their widening eyes.
“I need you to put your hands here, crowd them together and do what we attempted when we were practicing healing.” 
Nicole’s features reflect her panic. “This is a real person, not a mouse. What if we fail?”
“Honey, you won’t fail, no matter what happens. Just for now, I need you to concentrate only on healing. Can you do that for me?”
Scrunching her eyes tightly, she concentrates and I can hear her mumble what I taught her. 
Turning to Jacob, I can tell he’s concentrating, but without allowing his emotions to take hold of him. He is my best opportunity to advance. “Jacob, I need you to concentrate on advancing.”
“But that could kill him?” His tone is laced with anxiety.
“It won’t, his lungs and heart are not developed enough, if you concentrate on advancing while Nicole concentrates on healing and I do both with you, we may be able to get his lungs developed enough so that they will act as if he was brought to term. He will become stronger. Don’t worry Jacob, you’re not doing anything wrong, but I need you to concentrate.”
He closes his eyes and I feel the energy flowing through not only my hands, but theirs as well. After several long moments, in a room filled with people, yet silent enough to hear a pin drop, the baby’s monitor registers strong heartbeats, his breathing and oxygen levels are good. I remove my hands first and then gently pick up Jacob’s. As his hands move, both Jacob and Nicole open their eyes and Nicole removes her hands. Their faces are weary but hope shines in their eyes. Eva examines the baby and Nicole looks like she is about to collapse. I pick her up swiftly and hug Jacob to my side. “You did such a good job.”
“Is he alright?” Rachel’s panicked voice rings through the room as Jason whispers that everything is going to be fine in her ear.
Eva looks up. “He is doing fine.” She and Serena move the incubator over to Rachel and Jason because the baby is still hooked up.
“He’s beautiful.” Jason’s eyes shine as he strokes his son’s little hand. 
Catherine enters with some Juice and granola. “I think you could use these.” She hands them to Nicole and Jacob.
Turning to Rachel and Jason, I speak softly. “We’ll give you guys some time. We’ll only be in the hall if anything changes. Congratulations on your miracle.”
I carry Nicole outside, still keeping Jacob close. We walk with Catherine down the hall to an awaiting Nicholas and Kayla, who jump off the bench. “How is Rachel?” Kayla asks.
“Rachel and the baby are both doing fine.”
“Dad, did we really help?” Nicole’s inquiring eyes meet mine.
“You did more than help, you saved a life today. You both are amazing, you listened and did everything you could to help him into this world.”
“Will he be alright now?”
“We never know for sure, but you gave him his absolute best chance of survival. It is now up to him to stay strong and fight, but no matter what happens, you need to understand that you did wonderful and are amazing. I know that you were afraid, but you put that aside to listen and help.”
“He’s right, you are amazing. How are you feeling?”
“Uncle Jason, is he alright?”
“He is doing very well. I can’t stay, but Rachel and I wanted to let you know how much we appreciate what you did and since father Jeffers is still here, he’s going to come and baptize Damon. Rachel and I are wondering if you will be his godparents.”
“Really?” Nicole jumps up, but is unsteady and I grab hold of her. “Wow, what was that?” She’s stunned at the head rush she experiences.
“When you heal, you become weak momentarily, but it will pass. Why don’t you drink your juice and eat while we wait for father Jeffers. I just want to check on things. Jason and I walk back down the hall. “Is Eva worried?”
“No, she said everything looks good, but we figure it would be best to protect him just in case something happens.” He stops and turns to me. “Andrew, I know you were nervous about allowing the children to try and calling them here, I could hear it in your voice, but thank you.”
“I knew they were the best chance for your son to survive and I would not shield them from the possibilities of what could happen at the expense of not trying to save his life.”
Entering, Rachel is holding her son, kissing his head. Looking over at the monitor, his heart rate, oxygen and breathing are all strong. 
Father Jeffers knocks and enters. “So how is our most recent addition? It sounds as if he gave his parents quite a scare.”
“He did, but he is doing very well now.” Eva interjects.
“Have you chosen a name for this cute young man?” He places his hands on the baby’s head. “Damon after Jason’s dad” Rachel smiles at him.
“I’ll go get the children so we can begin.” Serena says as Jason hugs his new family.
By the time we walk back to the suite, the sky is pink with the start of a new day. The children are spent. “We should get you guys up to bed.” 
“Dad, I have a test today in history.” Nicole’s voice is barely a whisper.
I smile, knowing that Rachel teaches history. “I think that your teacher is a little busy to give the test today and that everyone would understand why you’re not there. Don’t worry just try to get some rest.”
As I tuck them in, Jacob grabs my hand. “Dad thanks for letting us help.”
“No, thank you. I know how scared you were, but you did so well.” 
“Do you think mom would have been proud?”
“Mom was always proud of you handsome. She loved you and was astounded by your maturity. She loved the wonderful young man you are growing up to be. Jacob, I know that you have been dreaming about mom. Eva said you were dreaming about mom performing surgery and then talking about plastic surgery. I suspect that you are thinking about her doing this because you miss her and don’t want to feel as if she is gone, but she never performed surgeries. She helped people other ways.”
“Dad, I know that. I don’t mean to dream of this happening, it just does. It’s as if she is sending me these images, because as I’m dreaming them, I swear when I wake up, I know how she is feeling too. She is really sad about losing someone. Do you think she can feel our loss where she is and maybe the dreams are trying to tell me something the way it used to tell her things?”
He has already been through so much, I need to be very careful and ensure that my own inability to let go doesn’t color his ability to move on. “Jacob, your mom loved you very much, but I don’t know what they feel when they move on from here. It’s supposed to be peaceful and her energy because of the immortality spell is probably still around you and that may be why your dreaming, but other than the fact that you miss her and wish she were still here, I don’t think that the dreams are trying to tell you anything. You should really try to get some rest. I am very proud of you and love you.”
Leaving him, I need to get in touch with Gabriel and see how they are making out, but Eva is in the living room. “Is anything wrong with Damon?”
“No, it’s just that I didn’t get a chance to speak with you about Jacob and his dreams because of what was happing. He was dreaming about Mia again, but none of it makes any sense. At first she was in a large room filled with people, someone was next to her, trying to hold her hand and then the dream shifted quickly to her operating again, but this time on an older woman. The dream kept shifting back and forth between the operation and smoke rising out of a taxi cab and truck.”
“Eva, do you think he is dreaming of Katrina maybe she performed those operations. Maybe when Mia disappeared, it was Katrina who came to meet her and these dreams are from energy she left behind.” I can feel my heart sink further, deeper into nothingness as a thought pushes through my mind and I mumble to myself. “Maybe she really is gone.” Speaking more to myself, Eva grabs my wrists, pulling me from my introspection.
“Is that what you have been holding on to the idea that she is not really gone? Andrew, I felt her hands push me and then the stake hit me. Everyone saw her disappear. I’m sorry that she reversed what I did, but Andrew, she is gone. Please, for your children’s sake, you need to accept that, if you were to ever voice that, it would make moving forward so much harder for them.”
“I would never even think of saying that to them. I even explained to Jacob that he must be dreaming because Mia’s released energy is still around him. I wouldn’t hurt them by even thinking this around them. I am doing the best that I can Eva, but I just can’t let go. I’m sorry.”
“I know it’s hard and I so wish you had more time. You waited so long for her and had only a short time, but you will always have some of her with you in your children. They love you and need you.” Her voice is pleading.
“I know that.”
Her pager goes off. “I’ll be right back, we aren’t finished with this.”
Checking on the children, I’m surprised to hear the suite door open again so quickly.
“Are they sleeping soundly?”
“Yes.” 
“Andrew, you need to concentrate on them. I know that you sent Jeff and the others down to get answers and that you are still reviewing the research regarding the abnormalities with Marlena to try and decipher what happened, but does it really matter? So what if she turned human and that she may be used to allow David to return, you have more important things to worry about. You can’t pursue this, you shouldn’t. Even if David returns again and again, it doesn’t matter, let them be. We have to concentrate on what is happening here and you have to move forward.”
Eva would never suggest not getting involved, especially after seeing firsthand what David was like and what he was capable of. As I listen, I force my features to remain unchanged knowing that I cannot give what is standing before me, just steps away from my children, any indication that I am aware of what it is. I need to get this thing out of here before the children wake or before the demon has an opportunity to do them harm, but I cannot let it roam free. “Eva you’re right, I do need to let go of everything else, but the only way that I can do that is to say good-bye where this all started. I don’t have the strength to do it alone. Will you come with me and show me where she died that day? I’ll call Serena to stay with the children.”
“I think that would be best.”
Thankfully, Serena comes immediately. She looks over at Eva. “How did...” Before she can utter something that may tip the demon off, I interject. “Serena, I need to leave now before the children wake, anything you have to tell Eva about Damon can wait, please.”
From the change in her facial features, she is now aware that something is up. “You’re right. I was only going to talk about another test to run anyway. Where are you going?”
“To the gorge, Eva is going to help me say good-bye.” I quickly open the door. “I need to see the first place I lost Mia and only she can show me the way.”
“I’ll let the others know that you will be gone for a while.”
As she says this, the demon, makes a face. “No that won’t be necessary I can handle it.”
We travel past the courtyard and then the demon turns to me but continues walking. “Are you sure that once we do this Andrew, you will drop all this nonsense with the idea of David and continuing the research to determine if there is a way to end vampirism with Mia’s blood. You need to be there for your children.”
“I’m sure. I think I’ll even call Gabriel when we return. You’re right, this isn’t our fight and we have to concentrate on helping the people here.” I remark slowing down, now that I hear the footsteps approaching. I turn, “Throw it to me.” Catherine is behind me and tosses the vile with accurate precision. Catching it as the demon jumps on my back trying to rip at my skin, I open it and throw the contents over my shoulder. As the demon is cast into flames, I can feel the searing. Catherine throws herself at me, rolling me and extinguishing the flames. Fire is the one thing that causes us severe damage and takes long to heal, if at all. Lying there in pain, I force it from my thoughts and can feel my mind blocking it so I can move.
“Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. Thank you for coming out for me.”
“As soon as Serena called me, I grabbed the vile and came. She and Eva are with the children. How did you know it wasn’t Eva, it looked exactly like her.”
“It may have looked like her, but didn’t act anything like her. Catherine, I need you to help me up so we can get back and I can change before the children wake. I don’t want them knowing any of this or how close the demon was to them.” 
“Are you sure you can make it? I can carry you.”
“No, we need to get back and we need to gather everyone. Obviously William’s coven is more than just vampires. They are finding ways in here and we need to be prepared. They somehow found out that we had sent Jeff in search of answers.”
“I know that it’s too late now, but would it have been better to have let the demon show you the gorge and then leave thinking they convinced you to stop?”
“I thought of that, but I don’t think that was what it intended, because obviously it didn’t know where Mia died and I don’t want them thinking that they can come in here without repercussions, it was only one room away from my children, Catherine, if it went into the room or if more think they can come without our recognizing them, someone is going to get hurt. We need to put other protections in place and no one is to leave the courtyard area.”
“Andrew, it’s alright, I know it was awful that they got in, but I don’t think they could have used any of their power to kill while in the courtyard area, we have had no indications that those protections would fail, our protections were never able to keep them out, you know that.”
“I know, but what if it hurt the kids. Catherine, I couldn’t take that. I can’t...” 
We’re just outside the residency and I hear Jacob screaming, “Let me go!” 
Flying up the stairs and through the door, relief washes through me as I see him with Eva.
Eva is hugging him and holding him down. Serena looks up. “It’s alright, it’s her, he was trying to leave.”
As soon as they realize I am through the door, Eva releases him and he flies at me. “Dad you’re alright.”
“I’m fine. Jacob, what is this all about?”
“I saw you on fire with a demon fighting you. I thought you were dying and aunt Eva wouldn’t let me leave to help you.”
“I’m fine.”
“No you’re not! Dad, I feel your back, you’re hurt. Please don’t lie to me, what I saw really happened didn’t it?”
Only now do I see the other children huddling in the archway. I cannot keep this from them as I had hoped. Jacob obviously saw it all already. I need to minimize the damage. “You might as well all come in.”
“Dad, please I know what I saw and it was more than a dream.”
“You’re right, it was. There was a demon here.” They gasp. “It couldn’t hurt you though.”
“Then why were you in such a rush to get it out of here if it couldn’t hurt us?”
“I didn’t want it anywhere near you.”
“If it couldn’t hurt us, then how did you get hurt?” Nicholas’s voice is low and strained.
“I took it beyond the courtyard area to get it away from everyone and when I sent it back, I got in the way, that’s all, but everything is fine and the demon is gone”
“How did it look so much like aunt Eva?” Jacob’s eyes shift to her before returning to me.
“Sometimes demons can change their appearance for brief periods of time, but the demon didn’t fool me Jacob, that’s why I was getting it out of here.” Nicole and Kayla’s eyes begin tearing. “What’s wrong?”
“If the demon got you, we would be without both parents, I couldn’t stand that. We would be alone.” Kayla sobs.
“Nothing is going to happen to me. I’m fine and no matter what, you will never be alone, you have everyone here who loves you.”
“It’s not the same.” Nicole whimpers. “Mom didn’t think she was going to leave and look at what happened.”
“I know, but you need to know your mom didn’t want to leave you, she loved you.”
“We know that, but if the demons or those people are coming back, we could lose you too.” Nicholas replies.
“You won’t lose me. We are going to call in some of our friends to come and help us until we can figure out why they keep coming back here. In the meantime, you have to trust me that everything will be alright, but no more traveling outside of the courtyard area. Why don’t you get changed and Catherine will take you to the cafeteria to get something to eat, I smelled hotdogs and burgers when I was running in.”
“Dad, what are you going to do?”
“I’m just going to clean up and then I’ll join you.”
“Alright, but first” Jacob’s hands move toward my back. I feel the energy through his hands and know he is trying to heal me. “Jacob, I’m fine, really.”
“It can’t hurt.”
I hug him tightly. “Thank you. Go and get ready. I promise. I’ll be right there.” When they leave, I turn to Eva. “What happened?”
“A minute after you left, Jacob jumped out of his bed screaming that a demon had gotten you and he wanted to go after you. It took Serena and I both at first to stop him, but as soon as I could get across to him that you knew and were fine, he didn’t fight us at much, but after a few moments, he got very upset again saying that you were on fire and he needed to get to you.”
“Were you on fire?”
“I had to throw the vile while the demon was on me so I got a little burned, that’s all.”
“How do you think that he saw it all, even when he was awake? This is something new. He only dreamt a little after we returned, but he has never seen things like this before.”
“I don’t know. At first I thought he was just dreaming, but now, it is obviously something more. Maybe he was really seeing things that happened to Katrina and thinks he’s dreaming of Mia. Obviously he is seeing something; we just have to decipher what it could mean or how to stop it. I know that when Reginald was not sure that he was going to make it, he transferred powers to Mia, do you think it is possible that Mia tried to pass on her strength to the children and passed her power as well?”
“It’s possible, but it appears that only Jacob is seeing things.”
“Maybe she passed it without realizing it and it has somehow manifested itself in a different way.”
“That is possible, but Andrew, if you are correct, you need to be careful because, I still think that he is dreaming of Mia because he doesn’t want to let his mother go. Of course it is natural and I would expect nothing less, but if he thinks that what he sees is somehow tied to a power of his, he will start confusing dreams and reality. He may even come to believe what he is seeing is really happening to Mia’s essence.”
“I know, but I can’t discount what he is seeing and what seems to be developing into an obvious gift.”
“All I’m saying is be careful. You should get cleaned up, I’m sure they are anxious about you joining them, you shouldn’t keep them waiting.”
Showering and changing quickly, they are already eating with the other children when I arrive. They rise, but I gesture for them to sit back down. “Eat with your friends. It looks like Lucas can use some help handing out the meals. I’ll be right over there.”
“Have you heard from Gabriel yet?” He inquires as I approach.
“No, I was going to call him and then things got a little crazy.”
“I heard about what happened and that Jacob saw it all. Is there anything I can do to help?”
“I wish I knew, but I have to see where this falls and what else he sees. In the meantime, I’m going to call Gabriel. Do you know if Emma is on her way here to see Rachel?”
“Everyone should be here within the hour, why?”
“We are going to need her help, she is the strongest witch we know next to Reginald and no one has been able to get in touch with him.”
“Have you tried?”
“No, but I’m not sure that we should call him either.”
“Andrew, look, I know what James told you, but there is no way that he was worried about Marlena and would help them. James had to misunderstand, there has to be something else going on. I really think that you should give him a call, especially considering how close the demon came and the obvious compulsion of William and his crew to keep coming back here.”
“Alright, I will try to give him a call this evening, but not now. When Emma arrives, give her some time with her newest grandchild but then let her know what’s going on and that we need her to get in touch with any friends she may have in the area.”
Reaching Gabriel, I learn they did have a lead to the wolf Jeff spoke of. “Try to find her and then we need you guys back here as soon as possible.”
“What happened, you sound very worried?” After explaining what happened, his quick reply reflects his worry. “Do you want us to come back now?”
“No, try to find out if there is any possibility of David returning. The more information we know, the better prepared we can be. Obviously they have an agenda with us and it was not just getting Marlena back because they have her, they have the information, they warned us once through the wolves, yet still felt the need to come and warm me directly.” 
“Maybe they don’t know that Mia is gone. I know that they saw the stake go in her, but then she disappeared, maybe they think it was a trick.”
“Whatever, they believe, they have been here twice within twenty-four hours and we need to ensure they don’t come back again. Gabriel, be careful, if this woman is into the black arts, she could be trouble and honestly, right now with everything going on, I’m getting a bad feeling that she is going to confirm this story.”
“I’ll be careful. Has anyone gotten in touch with Reginald?”
“Not yet, I’ll call him later, but Emma is on her way, Rachel had the baby last night.”
“Martina told me what happened. She told me the kids were in the stratosphere over helping and how they stood up for Damon.”
“They did. They amaze me more and more each day.”
“I’ll call you as soon as I know anything, they are calling for me.”
Spending the rest of the evening with the children, we help the staff arrange for a movie night for all of our guests. While there, William hands me a package.
“Doc, I know that nothing can ever be right for you again, but this was something Mia asked me to put together the day she died.”
Opening it, my eyes immediately affix to the beautiful family portrait reflecting a picture that Jackson had taken at the twins’ birthday. “It’s exquisite.” My voice cracks. “How did you ever find the time? I know you have been very busy for Salvatore lately.”
“She asked me to give it to you today. There is a message on the back for you that she left with me.”
Turning the portrait over, I see an envelope attached. Taking it, my hands shake. 
“Doc, maybe you want to wait until later to read it. The movie is almost over.”
Slipping it into my pocket, he’s right. I feel the seams holding me together, coming apart. “Thank you I can’t tell you how much it means to me, it’s a remarkable likeness, but then again, you could always capture her light.”
“Doc, wherever she is now, I’m sure that her light is still shining brightly and will always be close to you.”
“Thank you William.”
Placing the cover over the picture, the children and I walk back to the suite. Inside, I show them the portrait and we hang it in the living room. As they stare at it, Nicole asks me to tell them a story about Mia. After they get ready for bed, I tell them the story of a camping trip we took with them when they were really little because she wanted them to see the rich colors surrounding them. I stay between the rooms until they fall asleep and then go out into the living room and open the letter.
Dear Andrew:
I couldn’t leave this life without telling you one last time how much I love you, loved our life together and how grateful I am for you and our family. You are and will always be my celestial gift, the reason I know I came into being. You are truly my other half and although we won’t be together any longer, you will always be the other half of my heart. I asked William to give this on this day in October because this is when my life turned and headed in the right direction, the day my eagle took flight and found a lost soul to bring home. I hope that the portrait will always remind you of the wonderful gift that you brought to my solitary existence. You changed me forever and gave me the gift of a love that transcends the stars and allowed me to soar through a darkened universe to a bright starry sky. I love you and my life with you and the wonderful giving family that we made will forever be the best part of me and the only thing that ever made or will ever make sense. I am so sorry for putting you and the children through the pain of my leaving our life, but I couldn’t stay at the cost of another. It would never be right. I want you to know that no matter what else happens in my eternity, your love will forever be imprinted upon my heart. You touched it like no one else ever could. Even though you always liked to remind me about your heart being unable to beat, Andrew, you have to know that it is open and can love like no other. It is because of this and because eternity can be very lonely that I am going to ask you to do something for me. I want my eagle to take flight once more and let me go so that you can open your heart up to another. I do not want you going through eternity alone and since I am unable to return to you, I want you to know that I love you and want you to find a partner on this plane that will allow your walls to stay down and you to share your eternity. Don’t close yourself off and become the workaholic that you were when we first met. Eternity is a very long time and you are a caring, loving and giving man. You deserve happiness and love surrounding you always. I will always love you, and cannot bear the thought of you forever alone, you are too special for that and love is a precious gift that needs to be shared, not buried in a box at the back of a closet like an unwanted Christmas present. I love you and this is why I want you to go on. Keep yourself open, let the children know how much I love them and that I know they will grow into loving and caring adults that will do wonderful things just like their father because they are strong, compassionate, and never ceased to amaze me. Thank you for finding me when I was lost, giving me a life to love, and a home to call my own. Keep our children safe and if you can, try to keep Jeff there as long as possible, for Kayla’s sake. I saw a glimpse of our children’s future and they are wonderful and happy. You need to be happy too. Thank you for giving me a life and a love that will forever be magical and loving me the way that you did. I’m sorry I had to leave you, but hope that magical things always happen to my special angel. Thank you for always being the light in my darkest tunnel, the beacon who led me home to a life I could have never imagined, and to experience a love beyond the confines of this life or any other. I know that I will be happy if you are happy. My eternal love, Mia. 
If it were possible for a heart like mine to break, it would shatter as my fingertips sweep over the tear stained paper. An image of Mia writing this hastily in her office to give to William before her final moments gracing the halls of Sanctuary flashes before me.
My hands shake and I fail to hear Eva enter the room. I jump as she places her hands upon my wrists. “What wrong?”
I cannot speak. Handing her the letter, my eyes shift to Mia’s beautiful face. 
“Andrew, I don’t know what to say. I am so sorry that she found out and left in my place.”
Tearing my eyes from the portrait, they meet Eva’s anguished stare. Throwing my arms around her, “I love you. You have nothing to be sorry about. I should be thanking you for saving me, for giving me the gift of her love and the dream of a beautiful family that I thought was torn from me after our transformation.”
“I’m glad that you had the opportunity to love her, but I hope that you take her words to heart. I couldn’t stand it if you return to the shell that you were before she graced your existence. She changed you and your children need you.”
“Eva, my heart could never belong to another. It will always and forever, throughout my existence and even after that belong to her, but I promise that I won’t abandon my children by crawling into a shell of despair. I will not allow them to lose another parent, nor will I allow the patients that she has helped come so far, feel the despair of her loss. She started wonderful things which I will ensure continue. Just look at how far William has come and what his paintings are funding. Not only has his sales provided a new life for his aunt, but just think of all those children and injured patients in the hospitals he’s donated to. She never gave in to despair and darkness and I won’t soil her memory here by doing that. Anything more than that, I can’t promise though.”
“That’s a start and something that would make her so happy.” 
I need to get my head away from the flooding memories. “We need to rearrange the school and residencies. I don’t want anyone beyond the courtyard areas until we are sure that there a stronger protections in place and no one can get hurt.”
“We have already rearranged things. The wolves are moving into the upper floor here, we converted the living room down stairs to an area where we can work and Emma and her family are taking my and Gabriel’s room. The students and families are now all settled in the recreation and administration building. We moved all of the office furniture and chairs to the storage unit and moved some of the more portable and smaller beds into those rooms. Everyone is at least comfortable and safe. Even if the demons come, Emma assures me that they can‘t use their more deadly powers in this area. She also put in a call to some friends who helped us when we...before and they should be here by tomorrow. Have you spoken to Reginald yet, can he be any help regarding the David issue?”
“I planned to call him and got sidetracked.”
Eva rises, handing me back the letter. “I need to go back and check on some of the terminal patients, but if you want, when I return I can come back here.”
“Could you to monitor Jacob again?”
“Sure, that won’t be a problem at all. I’ll be back shortly.”
Forcing myself to enter our room, I place the letter in my night stand and look in on the children who appear to be sleeping soundly. I decide to try Reginald figuring I can at least leave a message and am surprised when he answers.
“Andrew, I’m sorry I haven’t gotten back to you or James to clear up the misunderstanding that Amanda has seen forming, but I have a situation with a friend which I must look after and who needs my help. Amanda told me that she saw more trouble at Sanctuary, but that you are handling it very well.”
“Reginald, I need to ask you something.”
“What’s wrong?”
“You say it was a misunderstanding with James, but your departure coincided with his news.”
“I know what he told you, but it is not what you fear. I am not trying to help Marlena in any way. I have had absolutely no contact with her or William’s coven. I would never do that to you. I have not been compromised. When James told me what he found out, in truth, I knew Mia was gone, but in the shock of the moment and under the preoccupation of dealing with this other issue, I overreacted. I couldn’t stop my thoughts from considering how it had just happened and how she would have needed our help and then I began reacting to my friend who has been thrust into an untenable situation that I fear they will not be able to handle and could be seriously compromised if I left them on their own. I gave James the wrong impression and I’m sorry, but you know I sometimes go off at the mouth. Before, Mia departed; Amanda and I were already preparing to help a friend. I know that I am being evasive Andrew and that you probably have reservations about what I am saying, but I assure you that all I want to do is help those who deserve help and that are fighting to stay within the realm of light. I need a little more time to ensure that my friend here is doing alright, but I have contacted Celene and her coven, they should be coming from England tomorrow or the next day to assist you. They will stay in the abandoned schoolhouse if that is alright with you. They are very strong and will be of great use to you. They are much older than those that Emma has contacted and are stronger in combating the dark arts because they have had more experience dealing with such demons and witches.”
“Will you be returning soon?”
“As soon as I can, I can’t afford to allow my friend to face their demons alone and their future is still too in flux for me to feel comfortable leaving. I’m sorry for the confusion and leaving you shorthanded at this time, but this is important. Amanda is looking to see if she can give you any information regarding Marlena, but Andrew, you should know that Gabriel will come back confirming that it is possible for David’s demon side to return. How is Jacob holding up?”
“Why would you ask me ...” The intercom goes off in the background. “Dr. Angelis report to emergency stat.” I freeze mid-sentence. 
“Andrew, I need to go, Amanda is looking for me. I will call you soon.”
The line goes dead and I sit stunned. Why would Reginald be around Stephan or Mia’s father? Could they be in trouble? Forcing myself from my immobility, I dial Reginald’s number back but it goes to voicemail. I dial again and Amanda picks up. “Hi Andrew, Reginald was sorry to hang up on you so quick but his friend took off after trouble and he didn’t want them to go alone.”
“Amanda, where are you? I thought I heard someone call for Dr. Angelis.”
“You did, I think Reginald said that he saw Stephan here. You must have heard his page.” I could hear the change in her tone and become worried.
“Is he in danger, is something wrong?”
“No, everything with him as far as I know is fine. Reginald’s friend was at the hospital picking up a blood supply when something happened and they took off after someone but it has nothing to do with Stephan. I’m sorry that you heard that though, it must have been very disturbing. Andrew, you need to know something. I can see William’s men coming back one more time, but I can’t tell you exactly when. It will not be until Jeff returns, because I see Jeff there as well and know that he is not with you now.”
“Do you know why they are coming?”
“No, I believe that they are looking for something or someone. I can see them in the woods. They do not get close to Sanctuary this time.”
“Amanda, do you know why Reginald asked me about Jacob?”
“I saw Jacob dreaming and was just concerned that he may be getting confused. Andrew, I’m sorry to cut you short, but I can see Reginald coming back in and he is alone, I have to go and see what is going on.” She hangs up.
A short while later Eva returns. You need to go and assist Ryan with Mr. Ford, he is in incredible pain and it won’t be long now, but he is screaming that the demons are coming for him. I know it is because of his tumor and that they are not really after him, but if you could go and help relieve his mind, his passing will be more peaceful. I’ll stay here with the children and monitor Jacob.
When I return, it’s morning and Eva tells me Jacob was dreaming about some time that we had spent up at the cabin and that Emma’s friends arrived and were already down by the schoolhouse.
“Have them take the fifth cabin, Reginald is sending Celene and some friends and they are going to stay in the schoolhouse. He said that they were stronger and better equipped to deal with the demons.”
“Did you clear up the other situation?”
“He said it was a misunderstanding and that they were already planning on departing because a friend was in trouble. They are in Stephan’s neighborhood. I heard him being paged. She said the trouble had nothing to do with him, but it seems very strange that they would be there, especially now. Do you think that he could be in trouble?”
“No, it really must be that they just crossed paths. If something was wrong with Stephan or his family, Reginald would have told you. I know that when I called Collette to test if Mia’s disappearance affected his knowledge of us and the children, she confirmed that he had no knowledge of Sanctuary or our involvement in Mia’s life, but if he was in trouble, Reginald would have told you. Did he say anything else?”
“He didn’t, but Amanda said that she could see some of William’s coven returning, but that Jeff was here when they come back.”
“Did she see anything else about the encounter?”
“Not really, she did say that they do not reach Sanctuary.”
The children stir and someone knocks. “Come in.” It’s Charlie.
“I came to check and see how Kayla is doing. Is she up?” 
“I am.” She responds from the archway. So are the rest of them. Are we still going to the kitchen to help cook?”
“Julianne and Paul are already there.”
She turns to me. Can we go and help out before school?”
“I think that would be a great idea. I have to see patients and we are short handed.”
As I complete some files, Gabriel calls. “Andrew we found Cassandra. She is actually coming back with us.”
“Do you really think that it is wise to have someone of her nature here?”
“Andrew, I would love to tell you yes, but I have been only able to pierce her thoughts briefly and then she detects me and blocks me. I can tell she has information, but she refuses to share it with anyone but you.”
“Why me?”
“She says that she saw we were coming for her in a vision. She claims to know about the circumstances surrounding our search for her and our quest, but will only reveal it to the one connected with the being who set this in motion.”
“I don’t understand. I didn’t set anything in motion.”
“She knows your name and will only speak to you and only in our territory. Otherwise, she claims she’ll disappear and let the fates decide David’s destiny and yours.”
“Gabriel, I really don’t think that we can risk having her here.”
“Normally I would agree with you, but she is one, David, William and their covens are numerous, we don’t even know how many they actually have. It could be far more dangerous for us to go up against them if David returns. I think that we have to take the chance. We could have you move out to the remote cabin, far away from Sanctuary and the grounds. We could keep her there with some of us, away from the children and those we are trying to protect. In the meantime, I think that we need to get all of the terminal patients to a local hospital and away from anything that could happen. We could move William and the others to Emma’s farm. She has the same protections and they would be safer there. Anyone who is not of our realm has to be evacuated. It may be disruptive, but with Cassandra coming, William and his coven breaking through and the possibility of David’s return in our area, we cannot take unnecessary chances.”
“When will you be arriving?”
“The day after tomorrow, she needs to set some things in motion and that will give you the opportunity to make the transfers.”
Hanging up, I call the local hospital and tell them we have a problem with bursting pipes and need to transfer our terminal patients to them today. They are more than gracious and even send transport to assist. I head to the psychiatric building to find Eva. Nicole, Jacob, Nicholas and Kayla are there helping William wrap several prints.
“Are those all for Salvatore’s gallery?” I ruffle Nicholas’ hair.
“Could you guys go up to the studio and pick out a few of your favorite paintings for me so we can put them aside as well.” William asks the children.
“We get to pick?” Nicole remarks excitedly.
“Of course you do. I couldn’t do any of this without you.” He smiles.
When they leave, I turn to him. “What didn’t you want to say in front of them?”
“These aren’t going to Salvatore’s gallery for sale. I am putting these aside for Stephan.”
My mouth drops open. Why is Stephan’s name being brought to my attention again? I wait for him to explain.
‘I got this letter, this morning requesting that some of my pieces be donated to an auction and I show up for a reveal. I guess Stephan is in New York and they are trying to raise some money to establish a pediatric wing in Ann’s honor.” 
“Why would he be in New York? Are you sure it is from Stephan?”
 He reaches into his pocket and removes a folder letter. “The return address says New York, maybe he was there for something to do with this wing.”
“How did he know you are the artist?”
“He didn’t, the letter came to the New York apartment address you left Salvatore. I hope that you don’t mind. I wrote him back that I would happily send pictures.”
“Why would I mind, William it is very generous of you to do such a thing and to help so many people with your art.”
“Doc, if it wasn’t for you and your family, I would be in some asylum thinking that I was crazy all the time, but look at the life you have given me and the life you are allowing me to share. I can’t believe all of the changes here and how much more lively it has become. I love working with the children and if my art can help others, why wouldn’t I share something like that. I mean I know that everyone is not touched by the supernatural evils, but even the earthly evils need to be combated by good people like Dr. Angelis.”
“You are absolutely right, I was just surprised. Would you mind if I read the letter he sent, maybe there is something else that we can do to help him?”
Handing me the letter, the handwriting stuns me. I never realized how similar Stephan’s writing was to Mia’s, but it obviously wasn’t Lawrence’s because it mentions the wing in the name of his mother.
“Are you alright doc?”
“I’m fine. Have you responded about his request that you come to the auction?”
“I spoke with Eva about it because he seems to think that it would make a lot more money if I showed and I really do want to help. She said she would talk to you about it and so I wrote back that I would have to see, but I need to send a few more prints to Salvatore and Jennifer is requesting some additional prints in North Carolina, so I wanted the children to pick out paintings that they liked so that I could set them aside. I figure it is a good distraction.”
“That is very thoughtful. William, you might as well know, we are moving everyone to Emma’s farm for a while.”
“Are you expecting more trouble doc?”
“There is a possibility and we don’t want to have anyone here who might get hurt. You will be perfectly fine there. Don’t worry.”
“I’m not worried about that, but what about the families here and you guys?”
“We will be fine. We have some friends coming to help us out and hopefully we can get everyone back here shortly. It is more precautionary than anything else, but we thought it best.”
“Is there anything that I can do?”
“No, why don’t you go upstairs and wrap the paintings with the children and then if you get a chance start packing. If you see any of the others let them know to do the same. I need to speak with Eva.”
Eva is in her office on the phone with the pilot. “I see Gabriel called you.” 
“No actually Francis did.”
“Eva, you need to go back with Emma and her family to make sure the patients are alright with the transfer.”
“Not a chance. I know what you are trying to do and I don’t need protection. I am staying. The patients will be perfectly fine. We need to stay here as a family, you know that we have always been stronger together. The other staff members can go and take care of everyone.”
“We need to have everyone out of here no later than noon tomorrow and then I want Celene and her people to do a sweep with us and put in whatever protections they can, I am sending Emma’s people back with her, and the patients. I need to make sure that no one else suffers because of David and his covens.”
Rising, she comes around the desk. “Andrew, they will be fine and so will everyone else here. There is something more to your edge. What is going on?”
“I’m sorry. I was just talking with William and saw the letter. I didn’t realize that Stephan was working on a wing for Ann or how much his writing looked like Mia’s. I don’t know it’s just that this is the second time in such a short time that Stephan has come up and I have a strange feeling that something is going on that I’m missing. What if he’s in some sort of danger in New York and could use our help and then we have all of this going on, I guess I’m just on edge.”
“You have had a lot to deal with, but I’m sure Stephan is fine. I was even considering allowing William to go and accompanying him to New York to further assist them in this if everything is wrapped up here. I know that Stephan doesn’t remember us, but a pediatric wing is such a good cause and Mia would have ... I’m sorry.”
“Eva, if we do get this wrapped up, would you mind if the children and I accompany you and William there?”
“Are you sure?”
“I am, Mia would have loved the idea of such a wing and I would like to see how Edward, Stephanie and Laura are doing, even if it is from afar?”
“Whatever you want to do is fine with me.”
We spend the rest of the afternoon preparing the terminal patients for transport and filling everyone in. The children are afraid, but they want to stay and Jeff’s pack and family decide to stay as well. Once the terminal patients are gone, we spend the night preparing to send the remaining patients to Emma’s. The next morning, we load the trucks and vehicles and head with everyone to the airport. 
Jason calls us early that evening to let us know everyone is settled in and that several friends who had not come to Sanctuary are there helping out. We decide to move all the families with children to the residency and psychiatric buildings because the area around them is clearer than the other buildings which touch the edge of the forest. Julianne bunks with Kayla and Nichole, while Paul, Mark and Charlie bunk with Nicholas and Jacob. I place Sarah and Andrea in my room, knowing Grant can always crash on the couch and their remaining family resides in Eva’s room. Celene’s people move up from the school house to the terminal building. With Jeff returning, I am sure that William’s people will return as well and I refuse to allow anyone to sleep beyond the courtyard area, despite all the protections in place. 
Chapter Nine - A New Arrival Leads To A Deadly Night

The next morning, Gabriel calls to let us know that they are at the airport. Kissing the children good-bye, Martina and I head to the remote cabin to await Cassandra and the others’ arrival. 
Cassandra enters in the afternoon without a word. By her features, I know she is scrutinizing the cabin. Finally, she turns to me. “This is not where you live Andrew.”
“This is my territory, however, and wasn’t that your requirement?”
“I guess next time I will have to watch my words with one so clever.” Despite her sarcasm, she sits on the sofa. “Come, sit next to me and please ask your mind readers to stop trying to read me and dismiss all those around us now or I will have nothing to say.”
Turning to the others, I speak deliberately as I sit by Cassandra. “Go back and check on everyone. I will call you when we are through here.”
Gabriel puts his hand on my shoulder. “I think it would be better if I stayed.”
“It’s fine, I’m sure she did not come all this way to hurt me, if she wanted to do that, I’m sure she has friends who are much closer who could do that. Go and I will call you shortly.”
When they leave, she smiles. “Are you going to offer me a drink? I have come all this way to speak with you.”
I knew Ryan stocked the cabin before leaving with the others so I go to the refrigerator. What would you like? I have milk, juices and sodas.”
“I would prefer a glass of wine from the bottle that Ryan placed in the cabinet next to the refrigerator.” She remarks staring at me.
To my surprise there is a bottle. Opening it, I pour her a glass. “Gabriel said you had information on David returning?”
“Yes, I do. David is an exceptionally powerful demon, one who is extremely rare. You see, most demons, if they attain the privilege of wreaking havoc on this plane are here for a short period of time and can take on creature or shadow forms. Some very special demons can possess the bodies of frail minded humans. However, they do not have the ability to cast out the soul of their host, and even a frail minded human can cause trouble for the demon if their moral fiber is strong. In any case, the demon’s period here is always limited by the passing of their host. However, David is a very special demon. He is one of the originals, one who was a guardian of heaven and cast out with Satan. He does have the power to capture and entrap the soul of the one he desires to possess so that their will cannot interfere with his plans. When he attaches to another who is more powerful, the soul of the one he interns is released and the new soul is captured. As these guardians collect more and more power from crossing the surreal lines, and traveling back and forth between this plane and the next, they create for themselves a type of portal, but the host for such a portal can only be one who completely and willfully turns themselves over to such a demon or is unaware of what they are carrying and will not fight against it. Even then, the demon can only use such an individual when they are being unwillingly removed from its chosen host and the soul of the one previously entrapped has yet to be released from the netherworld so that two souls pay for the travels of the demon to this plane. However, creating and using the portal is risky.”
“In what way?”
“The portal can only come about in the creation of a new being that must go through a gestation period that is why the demon looks for a willing host. If the creature gets destroyed before the gestation period is over, the portal closes and the demon is trapped and cannot return in the manner it wished.”
“So if Marlena had given herself over to David completely and is now the host, would she register as if she was pregnant to us?”
“Probably, but it is not a baby she is carrying.”
“How can it be destroyed?”
“That depends upon how far you are willing to go?”
“What does that mean?”
“Marlena is now human. Killing her in a particular manner can close the portal and force an end to the gestation period by releasing her essence? The portal needs her essence to remain open, her evil nature and desire to bring David forth is what fuels the portal and allows it to remain open.”
“And if I were not willing to kill her, do I have another option?”
“Yes, before the creature takes its first breath, it must be doused in holy water which has been infused by an object which reflects the essence of the soul who is still entrapped or the one he has removed.”
“How do you know all of this? Is your knowledge somehow tied to your involvement in the dark arts?”
She laughs. “One does not acquire this type of knowledge from being tied to dark arts on this plane. That is child’s play with nothing to gain. Considering who your parents are, I would think you would know this by now.”
“What do you know about my parents or me for that matter?”
“I know that those who gave life to you on this plane broke the rules to be together that is why you are more vulnerable and here before…” She clears her throat. “They hid until he finally found your mother. I know the purity of your father’s heart. I also know that the only reason your mother became a prisoner of the darkness was because her desperation caused her to turn a deaf ear to the assistance that could have saved her and since he was involved, your father could not interfere the way he had hoped. I also know of Michael’s involvement and how your and Mia’s bravery saved you all. I know that you are holding on desperately to the light for the sake of your children despite the loss of your other half. I also know that the only reason that Mia disappeared is because she could never let one suffer on her behalf. Such a willing sacrifice is not punished and things are not always as they seem. You would be wise to remember that. On this subject, I can say no more. I assume from your lack of knowledge that your parents tried to shield you from who and what they are, but please tell me that you know of the gatekeepers.” Her eyes stare into mine, searching for some recognition that I know who they were.
“No, I’m sorry, I do not.”
She shakes her head in aggravation. “The gatekeepers are those souls who in life had the gift of sight and who in death serve the master of their realm so well that they earn the right to return here and directly assist those on this plane. They are adaptable and changeable and can take on any form because we are here for all eternity. Gatekeepers have sacrificed the benefits of residing in the realm of heaven or hell, to aid those who have devoted themselves to serving one side or the other, those who they do not want to see change or who cannot be turned. However, they do have some limits. Although gatekeepers can assist one on their path or in finding their way, they cannot give you the answers, you must be strong enough to endure the challenge and wise enough to see through the deceptions to find those on your own. You must also have earned the right to be helped.”
“So you are telling me that you are a gatekeeper.” I search her eyes for confirmation.
“I am not telling you anything. I only gave you information as to what a gatekeeper is.”
“But weren’t you involved in the dark arts?”
“Jeff told you that he met me and that I was into the dark arts and mystical stories. Jeff was in a very dark place when our paths crossed. He was under the mistaken belief that good was much weaker than those who fought for the darkness, but his heart was still pure. He needed assistance, but not in the form of guidance which he was not yet ready to accept. He needed to see firsthand what the darkness could bring. We scared him sufficiently and he left to find and pursue a much more constructive path. You must also understand and consider that one, who has site, knows whose paths will cross theirs and what information may need to be conveyed. However, sometimes even the purest of hearts are lead astray by fear and one must set a test to see if that individual can look beyond their fear in order to do what is right. I couldn’t see if you had the strength to look beyond the fear of protecting those around you, secluding your children from further danger, to do the right thing and pursue the right course, but you did. I know that you are fearful for your children and believe that you have failed Mia, but your children are strong and will become stronger with age and knowledge, you have not failed anyone. I am not here to hurt your children. I am here in hopes of helping your family stay strong and assisting one who has earned the right to reclaim his family. You can also tell Gabriel and Martina that they have only seen what I have allowed them to see. The future is a dangerous game to interfere with and even I can’t always see everything because people have free will and have, on occasion surprised me.”
“Cassandra, can I ask you why you would only speak to me. Wouldn’t it have been easier for you to tell this to Gabriel or Jeff?”
“This is your and another’s journey and the information needed to be conveyed to you. Besides, as gatekeepers there is one cardinal rule that will get us forever banished from this plane and I am hoping that the one who is assisting David’s coven will come with them for me. If he does, I get the privilege of sending him back, getting something that may give you another option in closing the portal and they will be one down on this plane.” She takes a sip of her wine. “You should call your brother, he is still pacing wildly outside, about one hundred yards from here, let him know that you are safe and he may come back in.”
I call Gabriel and he arrives almost instantaneously. “How did you know that I was close by” He asks entering.
“Cassandra could see you pacing outside.”
“I wasn’t that close.”
“She wasn’t looking out the window. Like Amanda, she has the gift of site, but it is much more powerful and the realm from which she comes is not of this plane.”
“What’s going on?” His eyes shift wildly between us. After I explain what she told me, he looks skeptical and voices his inquiry. “Do you believe her?”
“I can see a light aura around her and what does she have to gain by telling us this?”
He turns to Cassandra. “Why haven’t we ever heard of your type before or come across any?”
“This is not entirely true.” She looks at me. “You came across one of us at least your Nicholas side did the night they tried to torture him. As for the rest of you, you haven’t come across any of us because you were fighting amongst yourselves to determine which path you would follow and only recently have you been free from his hold. Once you were freed, you didn’t need our help, things have been going fairly well and there was no danger seen for any of you switching sides. As far as you not hearing of us, your parents shielded you and you have not done your homework in finding out about all that is around you. I am not saying that you haven’t accomplished wonderful things with what you have done here, but you haven’t spoken to ancient creatures, nor have you investigated the database which Reginald gave to your lovely bride all those years ago, if you had, you would have seen a reference to us.”
“Are you saying that Reginald knows about your type and that someone is in danger of switching sides now?” Gabriel’s eyes inadvertently shift to me and then to the floor as Cassandra turns to address him.
“I am saying you would have found a reference to us, not that your friend knows of us directly, but as a record keeper, he does take down information that others have provided to him, whether he has first-hand knowledge of it or not, you must ask him. As far as your concern that your brother will switch sides, that is not why I am here, nor am I concerned about that now. He is stronger than I had originally seen.”
“Gabriel you need to go back to the residency and check out the reference and what else may be on the database.” Grabbing a piece of paper, I write down the location and code for him, if there is any blind spot in her vision, I don’t want to risk losing the database if my assessment of her is wrong.
“Are you staying here tonight?” He asks reaching the doorway. 
“No, I am going to move Cassandra to the other cabin.”
“Andrew, can I see you outside a moment.”
I follow him outside. “Do you really think that it is a good idea to move her that close to Sanctuary? What if you are wrong about her aura, what if we are wrong about her powers, your children are there? What if she is another one who is in league with David’s coven, we don’t know how much damage she can cause.”
“Look even Amanda said she saw William’s men coming back. What if they are coming for her? What if they capture her because she knows things that could help us or is actually one of these gatekeepers? What if Amanda is wrong and someone does get hurt. Gather Francis, Damon, and Jackson and have them come to the cabin. Tell Eva, Martina, Lucas and Catherine to gather with at least two of Celene’s people and a few of the wolves and not to leave the residency or psychiatric unit under any circumstances. We need to stay on alert. If it makes you feel better, I’m not saying that I believe anyone, all I’m saying is no one gets left to be another pawn in David’s drama.” 
He darts off and I go back inside, “We should get going as well.” 
“Are you sure that you can handle being in the cabin. You haven’t been back there since Mia disappeared.”
“You will be safer closer to Sanctuary, but if you will forgive me, I don’t want you in there. You can understand.”
“I do understand, you desire to protect those around you and it is more than fine that you would not want me in there.” She rises and walks out the door.
Outside, “Would you mind if I carried you? Taking the car will leave us exposed for too long.”
“I have a much better idea.” She turns into a bird right before my eyes!
I transform into the eagle and we travel quickly to the cabin.
Entering, she turns to me. “Would you mind if I take a quick shower and settle in. It has been a long trip and although you do not require rest, I do.”
“Of course not, but would you like me to ask Gabriel to bring you something to eat before you retire?”
“No, they were courteous enough on the plane and I had a meal. I will see you in a few hours. Will you be here?”
“Yes.”
“Very good then, goodnight”
While she sleeps, we review the data base. Reginald notes an encounter with someone name Giovanni in Brazil in the 1600's who claimed to have been helped by a gatekeeper. The description was very similar to the one that Cassandra described.
“I think that you should call Reginald and see if he could add any other information regarding her.”
“He usually writes everything down. If he knew more, why wouldn’t he have recorded it?”
“I’m not saying look for more information, I’m sure that he put the descriptive information down. I’m saying that we should ask him about the impressions that he got from Giovanni and whether or not he believed him or got an impression that he could have been fooled. I assume that he got helped by a good gatekeeper, if they exist at all, but see if he knows anything about the deceptive nature of bad gatekeepers.”
“I’ll call him, but I want to check on the children and tuck them in so that they go to sleep knowing that everything is alright.”
“Go ahead. I’m sure that we can watch over things here. Maybe you should stay there tonight and we can stay with her.”
“No, she said she would be up in a few hours and I said I would be here. Besides, we don’t know when they are coming and I want us to be together out here so that they don’t get past us.”
Knowing how late it is, I fly to the residency. Entering, I hear the kids voicing their concerns about me being at the cabin. “I am fine and I’m not far away any more. I am at the cabin near the lake, so I won’t be too far from you.”
“Does that mean Cassandra went home and you’ll be staying here?” Nicole asks.
“No, she is still here, but I wanted to give you a hug and kiss goodnight before you went to sleep and let you know that everything is alright and that I’m not far away. Uncle Gabriel, Francis, Damon and Jackson are with me so you don’t have to worry.”
“Are you sure, dad?” Kayla asks as I hug her goodnight.
“Yes, so go to sleep and I’ll see you in the morning.”
On the way back to the cabin, I dial Reginald and am relieved to hear his voice on the other end.
“Reginald, it’s Andrew, I need your help with some information on gatekeepers.”
After a long paused, he responds. “Why would you be curious about them?”
“The wolf that Jeff went down to get information about David returning, turns out not to be a wolf at all, but claims to be a gatekeeper.”
“Are you sure?”
“I am not sure what she is, but she is not an ordinary wolf, because she transformed into a bird right before my eyes and she has extensive knowledge regarding my parents which I’m sure is not common knowledge, even among our kind.”
“Andrew, be careful, gatekeepers come from both realms. Where is she staying?”
“We have her out at the cabin by the lake in anticipation of William’s men coming.”
“Have you been able to get a read upon her or has Gabriel?”
“I saw a light aura around her, but Gabriel and Martina have been unable to get a read on her.”
“I do not have any firsthand knowledge on them. I only recorded what I was told about them. With that said, I do believe that they exist. I am coming back to Sanctuary, if you don’t mind, or do you still believe that I have been compromised?”
“Reginald, I’m sorry, it’s just with losing Mia, I overreacted. You have never given me any reason to believe that you have done anything but try to help us, you are always welcome here. When will you be arriving?”
“In a few hours, I need to get Amanda and leave something for Salvatore. By the way, did William get the painting request for the new hospital wing?’
“Yes. I was surprised though that Stephan was in New York. I noticed the letter said in hand delivery, did you see him? Is he doing well?”
“I didn’t see Stephan? The letter was dropped off at the apartment. Is William considering the request?”
“Yes, he already had the children picking out paintings and prints to send, before we sent him to Emma’s because of Cassandra’s arrival. I even spoke with him about showing up at the reveal. I know Stephan and Marie don’t remember me, but I think it is a very good cause and spoke to Eva about going with her to take William so that they could raise the optimal amount of money.”
“That is an excellent idea! Maybe I will even accompany you back, I would love to see how the auction goes.” His enthusiastic response surprises me.
“Reginald, is there something going on with Stephan? Does he need help? Is that why you seem so excited for me to go because if he is in trouble? I’ll send someone or come now.”
“Stephan is not in trouble and there is no need for you to come out before the masquerade benefit. 
It’s just very encouraging to hear that you would do this. I was very worried about you when Mia disappeared and I don’t want you to get lost. That’s all.”
“Alright, I’ll see you when you get here, but in the meantime, ask Amanda if she knows anything about the gatekeepers and their ability to deceive. I don’t want any more surprises than what we are already facing from William’s men and Marlena.”
“I will. We will be there shortly.” He hangs up and as I approach the cabin, I hear Jeff and Grant inside.
Jeff turns when I enter. “Gabriel has been filling us in on Cassandra and your family. You have had quite a life, I must say.”
“Well at least now, I understand what Mia was afraid of and why you have abilities that transcend our wildest imaginations.” Grant adds.
I glance toward Gabriel. “I gave them the condensed version figuring since they are staying with us and their families are at risk as well, we should all be on the same page.”
“I think that is a very good idea, especially since we don’t know what may happen next. Reginald confirmed that he had heard of gatekeepers and believes their existence is genuine, although he has not encountered one first hand. He and Amanda are returning.”
Cassandra stays in her room until the wee hours. Reginald and Amanda come straight to the cabin. Gabriel and I return to the residency to assist the children with breakfast and make sure that everyone is doing well while Eva brings Cassandra breakfast.
Two more nights pass at the cabin without incident. We take turns patrolling with some of the wolves, but never too far from Sanctuary or the cabin. We agree that no one is to engage them alone, if anyone detects their presence, they will contact the others immediately.
As midnight rolls around, Jackson and Damon go patrol with Jeff and some of his men, while Gabriel, Grant and I take the woods near Sanctuary and the Cabin. Reginald agrees to remain with Cassandra, Lucas and Francis. The woods appear clear. A half an hour later, my phone goes off. As soon as I open it, I hear running in the background and know instantly to get back to the cabin without hearing a word. “They’re here!” I yell and everyone darts toward the cabin. As we open the door, Reginald, Lucas and Francis jump in front of Cassandra, we position ourselves in front of them. Although Jackson and the others return to the cabin immediately, six of William’s men burst through the cabin door practically simultaneously. Two of them, plow through us as if we are the bowling pins at the end of a lane and the bowler threw a perfect strike. Hitting the wall, I feel the cabin vibrate. Quickly straightening myself up and throwing myself across the room at one of the vampires who grabs Cassandra’s wrist. I see her grabbing the floor lamp. Thinking she is about to hit him with it, I’m surprised she doesn’t lift it. As I grab his hand to wrench it from hers, I’m met with what feels like a thousand volts of electricity. She can enhance and channel energy. My knees buckle and I see two more men burst through. Gabriel and Jackson jump on one of the other vampires while William and Grant push another to the floor, before he tosses them off and they hit the wall. Francis, Damian and Reginald are back on their feet, jumping in front of Cassandra trying to block her, but are tossed aside like rag dolls right into four of the wolves who are trying to contain some others. Unfortunately, other than Cassandra holding her own, we are just a nuisance delaying their acquiring their target. She is actually better at protecting herself. “Take out one at a time!” Reginald yells. I see Gabriel, Damian, Jackson on one and join Grant in jumping on the one who just grabbed Cassandra as Francis lights the match. He retreats and is out the door. We get another one like that before three more enter. Amanda, Celene and her friends enter too. The cabin is being ripped apart. Two of theirs are thrown through the windows and one of Jeff’s men is thrown through the partially closed doorway, I hear a yelp and then nothing. A moment later, a man, who by his olive complexion is not a vampire steps across the threshold. “Grab him and I’ll take care of her, those were your instructions, don’t toy with them!” I’m almost upon him when someone hits me from behind. Turning with such momentum, I manage to send him careening into the fireplace which crashes down around him. The one who yelled pulls a dagger from his belt with a very strange curved blade, an even stranger looking handle and is heading toward Cassandra. Two other vampires grab Reginald and almost have him out the door, when Amanda with the witches sends one flying and Gabriel, Grant and Lucas are upon the other. Reginald back flips with such force across the room to protect Cassandra as I throw myself before her hoping to shield her from the unusual dagger the man is wielding. I surmise that it is one that could probably kill her. As I position myself between her and the dagger, Reginald lands before me and is stabbed. If he hadn’t jumped in front of me, I would be laying on the floor with the blade sticking out of my chest. Cassandra bends over him grabs the dagger and pulls it out. Scrambling, she jumps on his back and plunges the dagger into his chest. From the way she moves, I can tell she’s twisting it and he finally falls down. She rolls him over and holds the dagger steady plunging it deeper into his heart while he rips at her bashes the side of her head and grabs at her upper arms in an attempt to get her off or at least her hands off the dagger. A vampire jumps toward her, but Gabriel knocks him out of the way. My hands move quickly across Reginald’s chest trying to heal him, but his eyes are becoming vacant, if it is possible he feels cooler and looks weaker. There is no sign that the wound is healing. 
Cassandra’s glances around and her eyes catch mine. “Don’t close the wound! Andrew don’t, get your hands off of him.” Moving quickly to her side, I instead hold the hands of the one who she is upon and has just taken a piece out of her arm. A few moments later, he glows and I can feel intense heat like I have never felt before, but am not burning. He is compressing into dust as a very dark light rises above his deteriorating corpse just before it bursts into flames causing ashes to fall all around us. Looking down, I gasp, the ground below me is sinking, Cassandra grabs my hand and pulls me out of the way, just in time. The floor is gone. In its wake is a fiery pit with shooting flames that almost appear to be capturing the falling ashes. Everyone freezes in awe at this unbelievable site. As the last of the falling ashes are consumed, the floor is back. The remaining vampires of William’s clan are shaken from their immobility and flee. Grant and Jeff’s man knock over and light one on fire that kicks one of his men on the way out sending him though the broken window and pursue those fleeing.
Cassandra moves quickly to Reginald’s side, flips the dagger over and opens a small compartment in its handle. As she sprinkles something over Reginald’s wound, she yells. “Get Jacob and Nicole now, they are his only hope.” 
Darting toward Sanctuary with Gabriel, as we throw open the residency door, Jacob and Nicole are already downstairs waiting for us with Eva. I’ll explain later, go!”
Flipping Jacob on my back, Gabriel takes Nicole and we are back at the cabin within moments. Cassandra stands up when we enter. “Andrew you all have to work together to heal him, the dust will help.” 
Our hands move quickly to his chest. Nicole’s hands are shaking and Jacob is shutting down his emotions and concentrating. “Nicole, look at daddy. Don’t look down. Just concentrate on healing. He will be alright.” Her eyes finally lock on mine, not shifting even a millimeter. I feel the strength of the energy going through their hands and somewhere my mind registers that there is a marketable difference between now and when they were healing Damon, their strength has intensified in only a few days. They are so amazing, I can’t help but smile. I want to look down and see if Reginald is healing, but I don’t dare shift my eyes, fearing that I may break Nicole’s concentration.
All of a sudden, not only do I feel the energy from our hands, but movement, the dust is rising from his wound. From my peripheral vision, I can see it taking on a phosphorescent glow, getting brighter and brighter as an intensifying energy builds around us; I can feel it surrounding us like a vortex. I gasp as something feels as if it is flowing through me, holding the children’s hands in place as Nicole squirms. 
Gabriel’s voice rings out. “What is going on! Who are they?”
I tear my eyes from Nicole to see if there is a danger in this energy, but what I see floors me and I don’t even realize my hands have shifted until Cassandra screams. “Get your hands back on him, keep the energy flowing.” I move my hands quickly back, but cannot take my eyes off of the spirits which are surrounding us. They are brighter than anything I have ever seen with the exception of the sun. “Dad, what’s going on?” Nicole asks nervously.
“They are not here to harm you, honey, just concentrate everything will be alright. Don’t worry.” Even though my tone sounds reassuring, I am worried. Never had I seen so many spirits surrounding us before. I just hope that they are all good.
“I feel it, I think you can stop.” Reginald’s weak voice pulls me from the astounding site surrounding us and my eyes shift to him and then Cassandra. She nods. 
“Jacob, Nicole, it’s alright, you can remove your hands and we’ll move Reginald back to the residency.”
As they remove their hands and I remove mine, the spirits quickly fly through the ceiling leaving a stunned group alone in a deafening silence. Cassandra speaks and all eyes focus on her. “We should get Reginald to a more comfortable surroundings.” As much as I want to speak with Cassandra regarding what we just saw, she’s right, Reginald needs to be moved and the children need to get out in case any of William’s men get reinforcements or decide to come back. 
Picking up Reginald and rising, Nicole and Jacob rise with me and for the first time look around. “What happened?” Nicole’s eyes are growing wider by the second. 
“We had some trouble, but it’s alright now.”
“Not if they keep coming back.” Jacob retorts worriedly.
He’s right and I need to get them out of here just in case. “We can discuss this back at the residency. We should get Reginald comfortable so that he can feel better.
As we walk back, Grant, Jeff, Lucas and Jackson meet up with us. “I don’t think they will ever come back. We got all the ones who came, thanks to a trap Amanda set about one hundred yards from here. We have a nice bonfire going and the others are collecting all the pieces. I don’t think William will send anyone now because none of his party is ever going back.” Jackson messes up Jacob’s hair. 
Jacob turns and hugs him. “I’m glad you’re alright.”
“I’m fine. It will take a lot more than that to miss you making pancakes tomorrow for everyone. Although I don’t eat, can I sprinkle the blueberries?”
“Absolutely”
Jacob jumps on Jackson’s back, while Nicole travels with Lucas. We are back at Sanctuary quickly. The wolves have moved allowing me to put Reginald in Eva’s room. I can’t help stare at Cassandra; I have so many questions, but do not want to ask in front of the children. Amanda touches my arm. “There will be plenty of time to talk after they are asleep. Cassandra can stay with me. There is no danger. Go and take care of your children, they may be strong, but they still need you so that they can feel safe and secure.”
When I enter, Nicole and Jacob are telling Nicholas, Kayla and Charlie about what happened in the cabin and I could hear someone in the kitchen. Kayla looks up at me. “Dad do you know anything about those spirits?”
“I don’t know exactly, but I’m sure that they were not harmful spirits. They must have been trying to help us. Cassandra didn’t seem surprised by them, so I’m sure that she can tell us later. For now, you should all get back to bed.” Paul and Julianne come out with a tray of hot cocoa. 
Julianne moves closer to me. “I hope you don’t mind.” 
“Not at all, thank you for being so attentive to them.”
“Are you kidding, even with everything that happens here, you guys are a real family and a strong group that isn’t afraid like our pack was to take chances and stick up for each other to do what’s right. I hated that back home.”
“Then I’m very glad that you are here with us and I hope that you know we consider you a part of our family here as well.”
She finishes handing out the cocoa and sits down. “Thank you for that, it means a lot.”
“Dad, do you really think Reginald will be alright?” Jacob inquires.
“He is going to be fine. I could feel the increased energy in you and Nicole. You are both very strong and concentrate very well. I am so proud of you and how far you have all come with your control and maturity.”
I let them talk a little while longer and then collect the cups. Julianne rises. “I can clean them.”
“No, you need to get some rest too. I’ll take care of this.” 
Tucking the children into bed, I kiss them and return to the kitchen. Grant is there. “It was very nice what you said to Julianne.” He remarks as I clean the cups.
“I meant it. You are family and I am very glad that you returned here with us. Your children are remarkable and have been extremely helpful with all that has happened, considering that they are going through their own loss as well.”
“I think that they are actually good for each other in that department. It was very nice for you to allow Sarah to use your bedroom.”
“Are you kidding, it is actually very helpful to have an excuse not to go in there.”
“I know the feeling, I couldn’t go into our bedroom after my first wife passed and I’m sure that I would have had the same difficulty if we had returned home.”
“I’m glad that you came here then. Jeff said that you are much more open this time and communicative.”
“I am fighting as hard as I can to be that way. I can feel her, this time for real and know that she is at peace, despite the gruesome way she died. Knowing that my other two children are safely with their mother also helps. I need to be there for my children this time. They not only lost their mother and siblings, but the only life they knew. Thankfully, you are allowing us to stay here for now, but I need to provide them with a home and security. I will not fail my family again.”
Placing my hand on his shoulder, “Grant, you haven’t failed your family, just look at how strong and loving your children are. You are reconnecting with Jeff and you have provided your children with a home. Despite all of the insanity which is plaguing us at the moment, Sanctuary is home and it can be your home for as long as you want to stay. You are part of our family now. As I’m sure you have gathered, there is more than enough land surrounding our facility, that even if you did not want to live in such close proximity to vampires and witches, we could ensure that you have a wonderful home on the land. I can’t even begin to tell you how much we appreciate all your help with Nicholas and Kayla and how we are all fond of your children.”
His eyes widen still, in disbelief. “Are you sure? Your children were turned because of my pack and now they are showing remarkable strides. You don’t need us here to help you with them, they will do fine on their own.”
“I am positive that you are always welcome here. As far as my children, we don’t hold you responsible for what happened. In my many hundreds of years, I have seen how things can get out of control and things do happen. In fact, I am being told that there is still so much I have to learn and know nothing about. Maybe this is a journey that all of us, mythical creatures, should be taking together because I have learned that we are stronger as a group than as individuals, especially when the dark forces come to claim us. I should let you get some rest and I need to speak with Cassandra about what we witnessed this evening.”
“I’ll see you in the morning.” Grant moves into the living room.
Knocking on Eva’s door, it opens and I see Reginald, Amanda and Gabriel talking about the spirits. Cassandra looks up. “I suppose you would like me to fill you in on exactly what you witnessed this evening.” She smirks.
I glance toward Gabriel. “I’ll have her tell you, but you should know, our patients aren’t the only ones who have no idea how expansive this fight really is. From what I’ve been told, we really haven’t quite touched the surface of things that go on around us.” He shakes his head.
Sitting down, she hands me the dagger.
“The dagger you hold is very special. It is the only thing that can imprison a gatekeeper or close a portal of the most powerful of demons and there is only one in existence. The tip of the dagger’s blade was formed from the spear that the Romans utilized to pierce Jesus’ side while he was on the cross. The handle was crafted as vessel to hold the souls of gatekeepers whose existence was cut short because of the use of the dagger. I’m sure you know of the power of such a dagger considering some of what protects you here.”
She looks toward the window and I know what she is referring to, but remain mute. “Remember I told you that gatekeepers have relinquished their rights to their respective realm in order to assist those on this plane. A gatekeeper can only be removed from this plane if they attack another gatekeeper with the dagger and fail to capture their soul, in which case, they are banished to just inside their respective realm to forever watch over its entranceway and are never allowed to return to this plane, but those who are successful in imprisoning the soul of the fallen gatekeeper in the vessel of the dagger are rewarded with greater powers and flexibility to help. Unfortunately, throughout our tumultuous history our side has only gotten hold of the dagger a hand full of times, but its power has decimated our side often.”
“But what does that have to do with what we saw.”
“The spirits around Reginald were gatekeepers who have been trapped over the centuries. When Caleb came for me, failed to kill my vessel and trap my spirit, he was returned to the underworld and the dagger came under my control. Once that happened, the souls of those trapped by the dagger were set free to once again form a host and occupy this plane. We will once again be more evenly matched thanks to Caleb’s failure and Reginald’s sacrifice to protect you while you were trying to protect me. They would not let him be destroyed and shared their energy with you and your children to help cleanse and heal his wound.” Standing, she removes the dagger from my hands. “I know that you have a secure vessel on this facility. May I utilize it while I’m here? Even though I don’t see anyone coming for it yet, I’m sure that their side will soon feel the loss or come across one of ours that has been freed, I would like to stay and see your journey through because you may need my help, but I do not feel safe in leaving it lying around. It is a very powerful tool that can be used against my kind.
Rising, “Follow me and I’ll show you.”
“No need, I know where it is and yes, I know the code.” She leads the way and places the dagger inside and then turns to me. “You will need this on your journey, but be careful, if it is used against the wrong one, it can yield unintended results which cannot be cured.”
I’m still stunned at how she knows things. “Cassandra, the only trip I am planning is to New York to deliver some paintings and help out my brother-in-law with a project he is working on. Mia would have loved what he is doing. Since you seem to have seen my going to New York and are telling me that Stephan or his family is in trouble and I need the dagger to protect them?”
“No, Stephan is perfectly safe, but other answers await you there that is why I am glad that you asked Eva to go. That is the one place at this time, I could not direct you, but now that you have made the decision to go there, I can assist.” She heads back downstairs.
“Cassandra, William’s coven knew you were here. They seemed to be coming specifically for you. Were you in contact with someone from their side that knew you were coming here?”
She shakes her head as if I’m missing the obvious. “You are correct that they were coming for me, but I was not in contact with anyone. Caleb and I have been interlocked in battle for quite some time and could see the other pretty clear. I’m sure he saw Jeff coming for me and knew that I would come here to aid the journeys. He came to stop me and give the one who has been manipulating a situation in hopes of their capturing one that they have been after for quite some time to change sides an opportunity to prevail.”
“When you led them here, did you know that you would prevail?”
“No, although we have the gift of site, we cannot see the outcome of battles between each other and, as I said, sometimes those around us even surprise us and the future changes.”
“Why wouldn’t you let me come to you then, why would you put so many at risk?” I fight the aggravation welling with in me.” How could she risk so many families? If he prevailed in capturing or killing her, would he have left or would they have destroyed everyone in their wake?
“They would have left.” She answers my unspoken question making me wonder if she can also read minds, but before I can dwell, she continues. “The stakes and rewards for both of these journeys is extremely high and if you were to come to me, the results would have been very different. Knowing that Caleb was working with them and how strong you and your friends are becoming, I knew that this would be my best opportunity to reclaim the dagger. I don’t think you realize how strong a group you are assembling. Not only do you have the benefit of a large family, but also friends and those that you have taken into your life or those who will always jump to your aid through men such as Reginald with each group being able to cross many realms, this gives you quite an advantage. Even though your parents shielded you from our kind, I’m sure that you have come to realize that on their side, many creatures cannot work together, nor do they have the loyalties that you have formed. You fight for each other and with each other, while they fight amongst themselves for power, prestige, and to gain benefits of his realm.”
My eyes shift to Amanda who jerks suddenly, her features turn grave. Looking down at Reginald, he appears to be healing. About to ask her what’s wrong, Cassandra moves to her, placing her hand upon hers and speaks deliberately.
“Her just agreeing to go through with the ceremony considering the reason is not a free choice. You are correct however, that her fear for the child and traditional beliefs has spurred her reasoning and may lead her to strive to make the commitment that she is trying to force into her heart.”
“I thought that you could assist. Isn’t there anything that you can do to move him along? From what I can see it is too close and I’m sure that you can see more.”
Cassandra’s features turn understanding. “His is not the only journey that I am looking at. I know you have put more together than most because of what you have been privileged to see, but you also have been warned not to directly interfere. The players in this are not like those that we are usually allowed to assist and the stakes for both realms are just too high to allow such interference. At most, with this one, we can only gently assist and infer, but she is very strong and is even seeing visions which they never thought possible after manipulating her memories and it appears the truth will not be erased. You must also consider that although he is after her, his vanity and need to have her come willingly to gain the greatest prize fuels this game. If he destroys her here, he gets nothing, but if he gets her to commit to the side to do his bidding, he will have the ultimate prize.”
“Yes, but considering who is with her now, even if she cannot commit but stays with him for the sake of the situation and goes through the ceremony, she will be bound to him here. Can’t he then use her and wouldn’t her powers with him be just as strong as when she was with the other, since they are both from the same source?”
“No, there are many differences when each was created and the original source which you are not privy to see, is much different. Despite his influence, once she realizes who she aligned herself with and who she truly is, I believe she will chose to suffer and refuse to assist them. It is the commitment to him that would bring forth the destruction we cannot effectively combat”
Amanda grabs Cassandra’s arms. “Haven’t you seen who the child belongs to because I have? The child will be used to manipulate her and she will do anything to spare it the torture of his realm and once he comes into being his strength will be great.”
“I did consider that and I am afraid for that, I am hoping that if she goes through the motions with him, the child would be taken by our side as…” She stops, she knows something she is not willing to share, but even what she says is so cryptic. “If it is not, I fear that you are correct and he will have...the balance will once again…” She stops and closes her eyes, her features pained. 
Whatever they are discussing is important, from the little I can gather, extremely important. “What is going on and who are you speaking of?” I demand.
Their heads sweep toward mine, but Cassandra puts her hand up to stop Amanda from responding. “Andrew, I’m sorry, I wish that I could enlighten you further, but it would not be beneficial to you if I did. No one here is in danger and it has nothing to do with Sanctuary, so please, just let it go for now. I can tell you that William and his men will not be coming back here, now that Caleb has failed. They got what they wanted when they got Marlena and the information that you had on her. It is safe to have your people come back now and for you to allow William to go to New York.”
I cannot explain my feeling, but looking into her eyes, I know what she is withholding is something important. “Cassandra, why do I feel like whatever you and now Amanda are keeping from us directly involves myself and Sanctuary.” Her features remain impassive and she stays silent so I turn to Amanda. “Obviously you have a good idea of what is going on. If there is any threat to the people here, you have to reveal that. I cannot put my children or those we are trying to protect at risk if you know something that could prevent that. They have all suffered enough!”
She moves past Cassandra. “Andrew, I promise you that she is not trying to deceive you about William and his men not coming back, nor do I see a threat for your children or those at Sanctuary you are protecting. I can understand that this sounds mysterious and considering everything that you have been through lately is extremely worrisome, but I am hopeful that it will work out, but if I interfere, I can see what she is saying and you will lose, so please, just let it go for now. Hopefully everything will reveal itself in time. I am praying for that. Cassandra is trying to help you and any interference from either of us at this point, would be disastrous.”
Although I know she truly believes what she is saying, frustration wells within me. I can understand how Mia must have felt all those years ago, knowing that secrets regarding her life were being withheld from her. Rising, I go back to my suite, before I say something that could only cause trouble. Everyone appears to be sleeping comfortably. I cannot let go of my anxiety and frustration and the walls feel as if they are closing in around me. Opening the door to see who is around, I practically knock Gabriel over. “Go, work this out and I will stay with the children.”
“Thank you.” I pass him before breaking into a sprint.
When I return, it is morning and everyone is returning to their respective homes and preparing for the return of the patients. Gabriel has already arranged for the terminal patients to come back and Eva informs me that the others will be returning from Emma’s later this afternoon.
The children are extremely excited when I tell them everyone is returning, but I see the worry in their eyes when I mention New York. I settle the terminal patients back into their rooms. The long morning turns into a long afternoon as the others arrive from Emma’s farm. After we settle everyone in, we prepare to depart for New York. We will leave in the morning with Celene and her friends who are anxious to return home.
Gabriel and I place a few more of William’s paintings in the truck which he decided to surprise Stephan with at the auction. “Andrew, are you taking the dagger with you to New York and would you like me to accompany you?”
“No, you need to stay here and I’m not taking the dagger. I was thinking about what Cassandra said and she let me know that Stephan and his family are not in any danger, so I don’t think that this is the journey that she was telling me I needed the dagger for. I must have been thinking too literally when she spoke of a journey. Stay here and make sure that everyone gets back into their routine, we will only be gone for three or four days and then we’ll be back and maybe while I’m gone, you can see if you can get any information from Reginald or Amanda about the journey that I need to take with this dagger.”
“Are you going to stay in the apartment, you haven’t be back there since you were there with Mia?’ His features resonate concern.
“It will be fine, if I can keep it together here where I feel her presence every day, I’m sure I can handle it there and I want to help Stephan. Besides, maybe this trip will be good for us, a change of scenery and a chance for the kids to get their minds off of the fantastic which has bombarded us as of late.”
We walk back to the residency and go over some of the terminal files. In the morning, we pile into the cars and head to the airstrip. William is nervous and excited. He hasn’t left the grounds, other than to go to Emma’s. Eva assures him that we won’t leave his side and that if it becomes too much for him, we will return immediately.
The children are excited, asking to see certain landmarks and soon William forgets his earlier nervousness. Eva even provides him with a camera to take photographs of places he may want to paint later. 
It’s strange, but from the moment the plane touches ground, I am touched with an overwhelming feeling of Mia being near me, surrounding me. I can’t understand why, we spent more time at Sanctuary than anywhere else, and haven’t been back to New York since that New Year’s Eve, yet, I feel her presence more here than at home. With the intensity of these feelings washing over me, I am not ready to go to the apartment. Sensing this, Eva suggests that we send the bags and go site seeing so as not to lose any light. 
The children and William take a plethora of photographs, ensuring they get every angle. We walk through the park. Although the children and William love taking pictures here, strange feelings wash over me, especially as we pass the closed area that will be a rink in only a few more weeks. Visions of Mia and I skating fill my mind and I could swear I feel her very presence next to me. Attempting to shake off the feeling by seeing the area anew through the children’s eyes, glancing at each place they point, listening to their excited words, I stop dead in my tracks as Jacob points to the skating rink unable to understand why my imagination is projecting Mia running in the distance. Closing my eyes to dispel the image, Jacob realizes I stopped and turns to me. 
“Dad, are you alright?”
“I’m fine. I was just trying to picture how William was going to depict this lovely view.” I hear him laugh and thankfully get my perspective back. Glancing around, although my comment fooled Jacob, it failed to distract Eva.
“Do you need a few moments alone?” She inquires softly.
Shaking my head, I continue forward. As the sun dips below the horizon, we walk to a roof top café that someone handed us a flyer on in the park. William and the children enjoy the spectacular site of the lights coming on as the night sky darkens. Before leaving to return to the apartment, they take pictures of the illuminated skyline. 
When we arrive, there is a note and large basket of treats for William from Stephan. He sent the basket thanking the artist for coming and notes that he left a costume with Harry for the masquerade. William goes to try it on while I settle the children in the other room. It is good to see them so happy as they drift off to sleep. 
In the living room Eva is going to call Sanctuary and I need to get out of the apartment for a little while longer. 
“I’ll go and pick us all up some costumes for this masquerade benefit and will be back shortly.” 
Opening the door, Eva hugs me fiercely. “Take all the time you need. The children will be fine with me.”
I step outside without another word. The rising lump in my throat is just too great to respond. Harry points me in the direction of the nearest shop and I secure the simplest of costumes for all of us. The woman behind the counter is very accommodating.
“Are these for the masquerade benefit? Are you going to bid on one of the staff or the mystery artist’s paintings?” 
“Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry, you just remind me of the several businessmen who have come in here last minute to go and bid at the benefit. We have had an influx since the article on Dr. Angelis came out in this morning’s paper.”
My head snaps up. “Do you still have that article?”
“I think it’s in the back room, wait a moment and I’ll get it for you.” She hands me the paper. Looking down, I expect to see a small mention of the benefit, but what jumps out at me makes my already cold blood freeze. I’m immobile. I hear the attendant speaking, but am too stunned to respond. Unsure of how I managed to pay for the costumes or get out the words asking to take the paper, I vaguely hear the attendant say thank you and to take it. Mechanically, I force myself to pick up the rentals and walk out, unable to tear my eyes from the photograph.
Somehow, I get back to the apartment and Eva is in the archway. From the look on her face, she knows something. “When I called Sanctuary, Emma told me that Gabriel and the others are on their way with the dagger, but she didn’t know why.”
“I do.” My deadened voice somehow responds as I hand her the paper. 
“Oh my God, is it possible?”
“The proof is staring us right in the face. Cassandra told me that I was going to need the dagger on a journey and when I asked if Stephan is in trouble and she said no, I mistakenly thought she meant another type of journey. I didn’t realize that I asked the wrong question and would need it here because Marlena is here. She is using Mia’s identity, why I’m not sure though.” Angrily I slam down the costumes.
Eva looks stunned. “What do you mean she’s using Mia’s identity?”
“Look at the photograph caption, it indicates that Dr. Angelis, featured in last week’s paper as the physician who puts her actions and money behind her words will be one of the physicians auctioned off to have dinner with.”
“Andrew this doesn’t make sense. Marlena is a barbaric monster when she was a vampire and now that she is a vessel for David, why would she pretend to be a physician and why would she pretend to be Mia?”
“I don’t know, but the thought of that monster pretending to be her makes me want to rip her limb from limb.”
Eva grabs my shoulders. “Andrew, you can’t afford to think that way. You know the dark road that revenge leads you down. Do you really want to do that to your children?”
Realizing that I forgot the children are in the other room, I begin pacing wildly. “Eva, we need to get them back to Sanctuary with William, now. We don’t know how many in the coven are here or what they are up to. Obviously they have a plan in mind for us or William, otherwise why would they have sent the letter requesting his presence here.”
“I don’t think it would be William, they had to be counting on you taking him knowing that we would never let him venture out from Sanctuary alone. Maybe they are seeking revenge against you for Mia taking David out in the first place and turning Marlena human.”
“What if they are after the children for revenge or want to grab Jacob again? They need to go back as soon as Gabriel and the others arrive. I need you to go back with them and keep them safe for me.”
“Andrew, I agree that the children and William need to return to Sanctuary, but let me stay with you, you will need my help with the fallout from this. Please, let Serena and Damian take them back and let me help you with this.”
“For her to set up such a rouse, she had to come here right after they rescued her. The article said she is mentioned in another feature, maybe we should get that article and see if there is any information about who is with her?”
Opening the computer, she logs in. As the article pops, my eyes stare in disbelief as a picture of Marlena standing with Jonathan fills the screen. Dialing Gabriel, I learn they are already on the ground and headed this way. With Jonathan here, the children need to be up in the air now. I pray the protections at Sanctuary are enough to hold him off. Panic overwhelms me. I lost Mia and now this. “They should be here in ten minutes. I am going to wake the children. You should wake William. Did Emma say anything else when you called?”
“No, she said that an hour or so after we left, Cassandra insisted on seeing Gabriel and then they were off. Andrew, you should go back with the children, especially if Jonathan has hooked up with Marlena and William’s coven. I’m sure he still holds a grudge against you for Nicholas turning on him.” 
Remembering Cassandra’s words that I need to be the one with the dagger, maybe only I can stop Marlena because it was Mia who turned her. Even Amanda’s warning spoke of it being my journey. Maybe, if I leave, the others will not be able to destroy the portal and stop David from returning. Cassandra did speak of my fears forestalling some results. If this is what she means and I leave allowing she and Jonathan together to roam this plane, they will wreak havoc not only here but will likely return to Sanctuary to cause us trouble. “No, they spoke of me having to use the dagger. I can’t leave. Something is telling me that it is essential that I stay.” 
An anxious rap on the door tells me they’re here. I pull Amanda aside. “Did you know this? I ask dragging her over to the computer. Why would you let me expose my children like this, you know how dangerous they are and now that they are with him? Why would you do this to me?”
Her hands cup my face. “Andrew, the children will be fine, I never saw them in any type of danger. I would never have risked them!”
Gabriel moves toward us and freezes as he catches a glimpse of the computer screen. After several moments, he puts his hand on my shoulder. “Don’t worry, we will get them back, that’s why we all came. Do you want to go back with them?”
“No, I need to see this through.”
Eva joins us. “Andrew, let them sleep for the rest of the night. They have been through so much already. We should make it appear as normal as possible so that they don’t become overly concerned about you remaining here. We need to down play this for them. I’m sure with all of us here, we can protect them tonight and then in the morning we can make it appear as if Damian and Serena came to take them home. The others can stay out of sight.” 
“Alright, I’ll take them to the airport and make sure they safely get on the plane, but we need a strategy, we can’t take her out at the benefit or hospital, we will be too exposed and we don’t know how many of his men will be around her. They will probably be expecting us, especially if it’s a trap.”
We sit in silence, staring at each other. My eyes keep moving to the picture and again I read the article. Sweeping the words, I can’t help my mind wandering. The benefit and children’s ward is something I could see Mia doing and there is something in Marlena’s eyes, a softness which was not there before. Finally it hits me as to how we can get close to her. “They are expecting us to accompany William. They would not expect me to take his place. I could go as the artist. This will give us two chances to get to her if we can keep them from detecting my presence. “Cassandra, can you help mask my scent if I were to show up as William?”
“Yes, I can ensure that they do not detect you and can even mask one of the others to appear as you. If this is a trap for you, then we want to give them a target.”
“No, I won’t let anyone be a target in my place.” I turn to Gabriel. “You pretend to be William and I will go as myself and make sure they find me. In fact, as you get close to Marlena as the artist, I will try to get close to her as a bidder. I’m sure that the physicians will talk with those who make the highest bid.”
I turn to Cassandra. “I can’t kill her there, not that I’m sure that I can take her life anywhere. If I were to use the dagger, would it kill her there?”
“The dagger is meant only for certain celestial beings, such as gatekeepers or to close portals such as the one David is trying to utilize now. The dagger would destroy the vessel which is the existence growing inside her. She would be stabbed, but could probably be saved, because she is not the actual vessel housing the demon, it is what is growing inside her.”
“So then we either need to grab her or get her there if there are too many of them to remove her. Gabriel, take Jackson and secure more costumes. We are all going to that benefit. Hopefully, we will be evenly matched.” My eyes dart to the computer screen again. How am I going to summon the courage to place a dagger in Marlena to close the portal and send David back to the netherworld? Looking into her eyes, the picture tells me that I will see Mia and feel as if I am hurting her. I already failed Mia and lost her once. Now, I am being called upon to harm the one who from this new picture, looks more like her than before or maybe I’m just so lost without Mia, I will see her in even a monster. Staring into those eyes again, she doesn’t look like the monster that returned to Sanctuary with us, she looks like my loving wife, holding the same soft billows in her eyes. Even if I don’t use the dagger there and grab her, can I find the courage to witness the birth to a demon and destroy it, knowing that it will look like a baby and she looks like the woman who I cannot truly live without? Experiencing the birth of our children was beyond words for me, something that I will carry throughout my existence and now, I wonder if killing the demon spawn and harming the woman who looks like my other half will overcast that vision and be the one I carry forward through my already darkened existence. Maybe Cassandra is right and this is my journey, retribution for allowing a part of me to do such evil things when we first turned. Allowing myself to be duped by the underworld almost cost Mia her life and cost the life of Nicholas and Kayla’s parents. This must be a part of my restitution for splitting from myself when Satan came to claim us. Although, since I cost this world a beautiful soul in Mia, I could never really make amends for the loss and my part in it. I only hope that I can find the strength to see this through and that the required restitution is limited to me and does not touch my children. 
I close my eyes as Eva flicks off the computer. “Go back with your children. You do not have to put yourself through this, I’m sure that we can handle this. Andrew, have you even considered what this will do to you?”
“I was just thinking about that now. Eva, you gave me the gift of having time with Mia, more than I ever deserved considering what a part of me has done.”
“That wasn’t you.”
I put my hand up to her lips. “It was me. Everything that was done, I did. Eva, I gave in to the darkness and she brought a light to me that made me whole, but I still have to pay for what I did. I always knew that there would be a day of reckoning for me. I thought it would be when I was destroyed, but maybe the fates can’t wait. I was granted too great of a gift in Mia and the children, now I must pay the cost for my past deeds. I only hope that I can come out of it and be better for the children. I cost them their mother and I don’t want to cause them anymore pain, they haven’t done anything wrong other than to be my children.”
“Andrew, you can’t believe that this is to punish you for the time when you were split. I know that some bad things happened, but in the end, even the dark side of you chose the path of light. Have you truly been carrying around this as well all these years?”
Jacob’s scream pierces the room. “No, don’t you’ll kill mom. Stop!” Running in, everyone is up now. I hug Jacob.
“It’s alright, it was just a dream.” He clutches my shirt and cannot contain his sobs. “Dad, it was so real.”
“Can you tell me about it?” His eyes widen as he fights back his sobs. “Jacob, please tell me about your dream.
“I...I can’t, it will upset you.” His voice is just a whisper.
“Nothing you say will upset me, but if you keep it inside, the dream will keep returning until you face it head on. Jacob, please.”
Placing his head on my shoulder, his tone is barely audible. “I dreamt that you were at the masquerade ball and that mom was on some stage. You went beside her and stabbed her. Dad, you killed her.”
I rub his back. “Jacob, I know your dream is very disturbing…” I pause seeking the best way to approach this. I can’t ignore his gift. Evasiveness never served Mia and I and wouldn’t help this situation. I need to downplay the information that has to be shared with them especially if he returns home and the dreams continue. I couldn’t let him think that it is his mother.
“Jacob, you didn’t see your mom?’ I speak very deliberately, slowly.
“Yes, I did. She was in my dreams, in a costume and you lifted the dagger that hurt Reginald and thrust it into mom.”
“Jake, I know it looked like your mother, but it wasn’t. Do you remember Marlena?”
“Yes, but what does she have to do with my dream?”
“We just discovered that Marlena is here and she is planning on being at the benefit tomorrow evening.” His body vibrates in my arms. “Jacob, it’s alright, everything will be fine. Everyone has come here to help and Damian and Serena are going to take you and William back to Sanctuary.”
“Aren’t you coming with us?”
The children’s eyes are upon me, pleading with me to answer that I’m coming with them. “No, I need to stay here and see if we can stop whatever it is she is planning. Everything will be fine though.”
“Dad, you won’t be fine if you are going to try to kill her. You won’t be able to do it because she looks so much like mom and we’ll lose you too.” Jacob cries.
“Jake, I’m not going to kill her. I just need to stop what she is doing. I know that you are concerned, but you are not going to lose me. I know what they are capable of and that’s why we are all here. Everything will be fine, but I need you to go back to Sanctuary so that I know you’re safe. I don’t want to be distracted. It would be much easier to stop her and whoever is with her knowing that you are home and safe.”
The children gather around, hugging me. I feel the anxiety in their embraces and know how nervous they are. “Everything will be fine.”
Kayla squeezes me tightly. “Dad, are you sure that you can’t come back with us?” 
“Honey I need to help, nothing will happen to me. I will be home very soon and I will call you as soon as it is over so that you know everyone is alright, but we need to work together to stop her.”
“When do we leave?”
“Since you are up now, I’m going to take you to the airport.”
They rise and gather their things. Waiting for them in the living room, Cassandra approaches me. “Don’t worry, your children are in no danger, they will make it home safely and be fine, but you need to send Gabriel with them, he is needed there and Damian is needed here, his ability to split his apparitions could be of value and Gabriel’s gift could alter your journey, especially if he does not believe what he witnesses. Any outside sources that could confuse you will not end your journey well. I know that you depend upon your brother, but he needs to return with your children.”
“Thank you.” I move toward Reginald. “Considering you are still recovering, you and Amanda should go back with them. You shouldn’t be involved in this.” 
“I’m fine and you are going to need as many friends there as are here, especially with Jonathan back. Andrew, I feel much better and don’t want to see you go through this without everyone on your side, especially if it doesn’t go as I hope.”
“Do you know why she is here?”
“I do, but it would be disastrous to tell you.”
“Why does everything have to be so secretive?” I don’t mean to but as my frustration peaks, I hit the wall behind him.
He puts his hand on my shoulder and Amanda quickly puts a picture in front of the hole. “Andrew, your children are still here. Everyone here is hoping that this turns out for you, but if we interfere too much, you will lose and none of us want that, so please, just take a deep breath, take your children to the airport, and remember Cassandra’s words carefully before you take any action.”
The children come out. Gabriel, Damian, Serena and I take them and William to the airport. I notice that Francis, Reginald, Jackson and Lucas are in a car behind us and try to make themselves scarce at the airport while still staying close.” 
Before boarding the plane, Gabriel pulls me aside. “I don’t think that you should make me go. What if we are wrong about Cassandra and she is trying to lead you astray? My abilities to read Marlena’s mind, may be of use. We may be able to determine who they are after for sure and what they are planning. Andrew, I fear that my leaving is a mistake and will leave you vulnerable.”
“I’m concerned too, and I have thought about the idea that she is tricking us. As much as I want you to stay, there seems to be something that they all see, even Reginald, some kind of test that we have to face blindly with faith. Cassandra and Amanda both talked about things not always being as they appear. Maybe that is the true journey here and they can manipulate your gift to deceive us. We don’t know how powerful they are. We know that they are probably expecting us and can assume that they know about our gifts from Caleb. Maybe they have an ability to manipulate your gift to skew the situation. Go home and protect my children, don’t let anything come for them and reassure them that everything will be fine and that I love them.”
He hugs me. “Everything will be fine and you will see them soon.”
As the children’s plane lifts, I can finally breathe. If William’s coven, Jonathan, and Marlena are here, at least the children will be safe at Sanctuary. Emma calls me on our way back to assure me that she and some of the others are going to the airport to escort them back, regardless.
The others return to the apartment as Francis, Jackson and I head to the hotel to get a look at the layout of room. Sneaking in, we make a diagram of the area. Everything is set up, including a staging area where they will auction the paintings aligning the stage and dinner with the staff members. At least we know what Marlena is wearing because of the photo and Jackson decides that since his build and hair are the most comparable to William’s, he will don the costume. I don’t like Jackson being exposed, but am pretty sure that Marlena did not do this to get William, they came after us. If Cassandra can mask our scent, maybe we can capitalize on the anonymity that our costumes will provide. Jonathan will be close to Marlena because the paper indicated that they are engaged. If what Cassandra said is true and the dagger only works on gatekeepers’ souls and portals then I need to know how to send Jonathan back.
Returning, we divide the room between Damian, Catherine, Jackson, Eva, Francis, Lucas, Reginald, Amanda, Cassandra and I. Cassandra insists on staying with me and said she could mask our scents easily so that we could travel amongst them without detection.
A few hours before the benefit, everyone is preparing and hiding necessary items within their costumes, including stakes, lighters and holy water, despite our agreeing that these things will only be used as a last resort because to engage them there would lead to innocent lives being impaired or lost. As Cassandra hands me the dagger, all eyes are upon me, their facial features reflecting both worry and fear for what needs to be done. Taking the dagger, I place it close to my side then turn to Reginald. “How do we send Jonathan back? We cannot allow him to remain and help William’s coven, even if David is forestalled from coming back.”
“If you succeed tonight, Jonathan won’t be a problem. Just concentrate on what you need to do.”
Walking out the door, the dagger poking me in the side fuels my anxiety and I only hope that I can gather the courage to do the right thing and not hesitate.
Chapter Ten - The Event

The room is filled with press and people all beautifully dressed, mostly in period piece costumes, buzzing about the auction as alcohol flows freely. The stage and pictures appear perfectly illuminated, as dim light around the rest of the room blends to make the perfect atmosphere. I feel like my stomach arrives at a destination at least a fifteen seconds before I do despite Jonathan’s assurances that it is all in my head because I keep saying I feel more like I am six months pregnant. 
The press descends upon us as soon as we enter the hall, snapping pictures and asking me to stand with the others to be auctioned for a group picture on stage in between the paintings. Unfortunately I stand next to Geoffrey who after the last benefit decided to be auctioned off because he hates to be upstaged, even if it is not my intention. 
We mingle, talking to all of the potential bidders about how grateful we were that they came and how they are helping such a good cause. Most have questions about the article and children Paul and I helped and I am happy that he is moving with us and carries the brunt of the conversations. 
Jonathan stays close to me, holding my hand or wrapping his arm around my waist. He is laughing, but I also feel the anxiety within his embrace and he seems to be looking around carefully. I wonder if he is sizing up the bidders and is as nervous about the results as I am. Despite our being so close to the goal, I still want this to bust the seams. I want to see the look on more children’s faces regaining their lives despite my dwindling funds as I bring my own child into this world. 
Jonathan stops to talk with Dr. Meyers to give him some pointers regarding playing auctioneer for the evening. I feel lightheaded and excuse myself to go to the bar and get juice.
“Dr. Angelis, you have quite a turnout this evening.” 
I turn, knowing the voice immediately. “Mr. Smythe, how are you doing? Does your presence also mean our mystery artist has arrived?”
“I am doing very well and it’s Reginald, please. My friend is here mingling. How are you feeling? Is everything going well on your special front?”
“I got a clean bill of health and now that this is the last benefit, I can concentrate more on hospital business and my family.”
“Have you deciphered any more of your dreams or come to a conclusion on the front that we spoke of?”
“My dreams revealed a happy life, filled with love and children, but I could never force the face to appear. I have seen enough characteristics which if I were willing to admit to myself, has to be him. It can’t be anyone else and I am a traditionalist and want my child growing up with both parents to guide them and love them. I can’t deny my child that or their father, he has been searching too long for a family and it wouldn’t be fair to either to deprive them of the chance.” 
“Mia, are you sure about what you’re doing? I hear reasoning to do it, but I don’t hear the most important thing, that you love him and are ready to commit to him.”
“I ...” Someone brushes my hand, charging my entire body. A feeling of contentment and overwhelming love that I have never felt before other than in my dreams fills my heart, radiating throughout my being, then quickly dissipates as someone’s arms snake around my waist. Jonathan kisses my cheek. “Did your talk with Dr. Meyer’s go well?”
He nods. “You disappeared on me.” He pulls me closer.
I cannot understand why the feeling has not remained. Am I only able to feel when I let my guard down as when I was talking to Reginald and got caught off guard by Jonathan’s touch? I try to force my walls down again, but nothing. “I just needed to get a cold drink and I ran into...” Reginald is gone. I turn back to Jonathan. “Never mind, do you want a drink before we go sit down.”
“A scotch neat please.” He motions to the bartender. Everyone is already seated and Janet is talking with a man dressed in the costume I sent to the artist. 
Going over to him, I shake his hand. Despite my surprise at the coldness of his touch, I get a strange sense of familiarity. “Thank you so much for coming. Was your trip pleasant?”
“Yes, thank you for the basket which you left for me.”
“Are you kidding, after what you did by responding to my letter and agreeing to come here, it is the least I could do.”
“I’m very glad you sent the invitation, otherwise, I may never have found you. I thought it was sent by someone else.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m always looking for good causes to send my work to. I wouldn’t have found yours if it wasn’t for the letter.”
“I’m sorry. I’m being rude, have you met everyone at the table?”
“Almost, everyone except your escort”
I move so that he can see Jonathan. “This is my fiancé Jonathan Taylor and...” I hesitate. “I’m sorry in my excitement I didn’t catch your name.”
“It’s William.” He shakes Jonathan’s hand and a strange look passes between them.
He turns back to me. “Mia, I have two more paintings with me for Salvatore’s gallery that I have to deliver after the banquet I would love to show them to you, the reception desk is holding them for me.”
“I would love to see them.” William smiles, but Jonathan grabs my hand.
“Mia, you can’t go with him.” His voice sounds very tense and his grip tightens.
“What’s wrong?”
He hesitates. “We want to keep the focus in here at the paintings for auction, if you leave with our mystery guest the press will follow and it would be a media storm regarding those pictures. We can follow William after the benefit and see them at Salvatore’s.”
I see the disappointment in William’s eyes, but understand Jonathan’s point. Dr. Meyers sits next to William asking him about the paintings through dinner trying to learn something about each painting to make comments during the auction. His general answers surprise me. Most artists are very passionate about their art, and from the beauty and definition in each of his masterpieces, I expected passionate responses, not the pragmatic, vague ones he is giving.
After dinner, I excuse myself hoping that splashing water on my face will help calm the strange feelings ripping through my body. Jonathan walks me to the ladies room probably realizing I’m not feeling well. Entering, I hear two women whispering. “There are at least fifteen, he is going to have to consider doing it here. Why didn’t he grab her when he had the chance, I don’t think they were here then?” 
“It may be too much to put on him, he said he had an overwhelming feeling something was wrong when he touched her and wouldn’t make a move unless he was sure that it was right.”
They must hear me because they stop speaking, but don’t exit the stall. After splashing water on my face, I feel a little better. Exiting, I am about to tell Jonathan that there could be trouble, but he appears anxious enough and I really don’t know what they were talking about. Thinking we are returning to the table, I’m surprised when he escorts me to the dance floor. When William cuts in, the floor suddenly becomes crowded and the closeness of the others makes me feel sick. I suggest that we go sit down, but Jonathan is at the corner of the floor and leads me to the seats where the other staff members are sitting. The auction is about to begin.
Dr. Meyers takes the podium, asking the artist to come back up and say a few words. 
Despite the auction going exceptionally well and far surpassing what we need to complete the building, Jonathan’s anxiety seems to hit a fevers pitch. Maybe the clicking down to my telling him my decision has gotten to him. Rising, I am going to tell him what I have decided, but Dr. Meyers calls me up to the podium to say a few words about the evening with the staff members and asks me to remain and introduce them as they stand.
As I stand to be auctioned, I cannot muster the ability to laugh and joke the way the others did to get the bidding higher. Strange feelings wash over me as I look out over the masked crowd and all I can do is stand there. Jonathan is bidding against another man who by his quick responses seems determined to win. Scanning the crowd, I finally find him. He is dressed in an old fashion seaman’s type costume, complete with dagger. I try to look past the mask to see if I know him, it’s not Julian fooling around, because he came as prince charming and Paul is a pirate. As my eyes meet his sparkling sapphire eyes, I cannot quite place them. They have a steely intensity as he places yet another high bid. I cannot understand, yet each time Jonathan bids, he raises quickly, inching through the crowd toward the podium and Dr. Meyers. I want to tell Jonathan to just stop bidding, he already has my company and I just want to get all eyes off of me, but he continues. Finally a woman approaches the other gentleman and whispers something in his ear. Thankfully, he stops bidding. When Dr. Meyers finally says sold, I move toward Jonathan, putting my arms around his neck and kissing him on the cheek. “Thank you, but you should have stopped” I whisper. “You have my company all the time and only prolonged my being up there.” 
He lifts me off the stage, pulling me into an embrace. “Just think of it as my contribution to your cause, besides I couldn’t stand the thought of you in his arms.” 
Dr. Meyers comes over. “Mia, the gentleman who was bidding on you, wrote out a check for the last bid and requested one dance, please follow me.”
Jonathan objects, but Dr. Meyers move me forward as the music begins. It’s strange, but the song starts out as one song and changes immediately to another as the man takes my hand. He drops it quickly as if someone shocked him. “Stop imagining” He mumbles and takes my hand again.. As he places his hand around my waist, the strangest feeling of coming home washes over me which makes no sense. He cannot be anyone I know or he would have said something. Drawing me closer, flashes go off and I am sure that this will be in the paper tomorrow. Thankfully, after tonight this part of my life will hopefully be over. 
His whispers in my ear drawing me out of my introspection and despite the mask, his features appear stunned. “Mia is it you? “ His voice waivers and then he begins arguing with himself. “How could you continue pretending to be her? Mia was a wonderful person and you’re a monster. If you wanted me you should have come for me head on!” 
With my free hand, I remove my mask and speak softly so as not to make a scene, especially with all of the press upon us. “What are you talking about, I am Mia. Who are you?”
His eyes lock upon mine as he whispers to himself. “It can’t be she’s gone. They are messing with your head, you have to be strong.” He takes our intertwined hands drawing me in even closer. My other hand moves to his mask and I begin removing it when suddenly a sharp pain in my abdomen causes my knees to buckle and his features became distant. I’m looking at him through a tunnel with images of my dreams flashing around me, the pain intensifies and everything fades to black.” 
The pain is unbearable. I am descending and my body is turning ice cold as silence envelops my being. I can’t be at the benefit or I would hear voices. My body registers now a cool breeze washing over me and I feel someone’s arms holding me, carrying me, but to where? Am I dying? Is it possible that I have a soul and it is detaching from my withering body, but what caused this? One moment I’m dancing with the strangest feelings of confusion yet contentment blanketing me and then nothingness. My body finally begins to register the pain once more. I can’t be dead because if I were, there would be no more pain, no more questions, only peace.
Forcing my eyes open, I am in Jonathan’s arms moving faster than I can comprehend. I cannot even tell where we are, there are no lights from the hotel, only dark shadows of trees passing us in a blur. How are we moving so fast? Why am I in such pain? We should be in an ambulance heading toward the hospital, but instead we are surrounded by strange faces of individuals moving just as fast as he is. They are shouting at him that we cannot return to his house and lead them there. I want to tell him to get me to the hospital because I fear losing the baby, but the intensity of the pain barely allows me to breathe let alone speak. My mind is racing and finally registers that he is talking. 
“Mia, keep your eyes open, stay awake, you need to commit to me now so I can save David, I need all my power.” I cannot force air into my lungs. The intense pain in my abdomen increases if that is even possible. 
“We can’t take her back to your house, if they follow us, they can’t see her. Someplace else, someplace they can’t make a scene. They won’t endanger innocent lives.” Someone yells from beside him.
Finally forcing some wind into my lungs, past the pain, I manage to force out one word “Hospital.”
“She’s right. They wouldn’t dare do anything there.” 
They shift to the left and we continue running. Lights from the highway come into view as Jonathan continues to call to me. “Mia, now, you need to commit to me, I need to save David and I need you by my side.”
I cannot figure out why he thinks our child is a boy or why he calls him David. I want to tell him that the baby is in danger, but the more I strain to speak, the more intense the pain becomes. All of a sudden someone hits Jonathan from behind and we are thrust forward rapidly meeting the ground. Hitting it, I roll out of Jonathan’s arms, my head crashes against the pavement. Someone yells as another set of arms grab me. “No don’t I have to reach her.” 
My mind cannot focus past the pain and again I am thrust into darkness. I cannot hear anything, see anything or feel anything. I am alone and nothing registers but the pain. A bright light pulls me from the darkness right before a thunderbolt of new pain thrusts me into nothingness.
Opening my eyes, I quickly scan my surroundings. I seem to be in a hotel room. My heart pounds as the face of a woman I do not know but is wearing a costume less the mask comes into view. I hear arguing coming from just past the door, but the pain is so intense I cannot make out what they are saying. The woman moves toward me but I do not have the strength to move or even pick up my arms to push her away. She places her hand on my stomach and whispers something I cannot hear into my abdomen. The pain begins to dull and I straighten out of the fetal position. Her hands move up to my temples, the pounding subsides and I hear the argument.
“You had to expect this but you are wrong, you can’t go down this road, you know what you have to do and must not deviate from it. I know it is hard and I knew what you secretly clung to, but the demon must be destroyed.”
“You’re wrong. I know what I felt tonight, despite my trying to fight against it. I’m sure that I am right about this. I’m not being fooled, I wasn’t then and I’m not now. I told you something was off about it all.”
“Stop, I knew that this was going to be too much for you and that you would become confused. You can’t bring her back!”
“Stop, I need to go in and speak to her!”
“No, you need to go in and do what is right!”
As the door opens, the woman who was in the room, skirts around a tall muscular man whose sapphire eyes shimmer. Sitting up he is the man who bid upon me. I struggle to hoist myself toward the back of the bed, surprised I can move. “Where’s Jonathan? What did you do to him? To me? Who are you?”
He approaches slowly. “You’re alright. No one is going to harm you.”
“Don’t lie to me! I heard you and you did something to me when we were dancing, you put my baby in danger, why would harm us?” I jump off the bed, holding my stomach, and backing toward the wall, but my head pounds and the room spins wildly. I manage two more shaky steps inching toward the door before he sweeps me into his arms, holding me tightly to his chest. I can’t understand it but my body instantly relaxes and my heart feels whole. He moves back toward the bed and places me down. His facial features are concerned as he searches my eyes.
“I don’t understand, what happened to you, when you disappeared? How did you get here? How did you end up with Jonathan? Why wouldn’t you come back home?” His thumb strokes my knuckles and he is speaking more to himself than to me. “Am I wrong?” Suddenly, he thrusts himself off the bed and is pacing wildly. He is a blur.
“Please stop. Just let me...” I am about to say go, but as pain overtakes his features, a flash of the man I was kissing during my passionate dream flashes before my eyes. It’s him, despite his changing hair and eyes. “Please, who are you? Do I know you, is that why you were in my dream?
He approaches me again and I do not back away. Sitting up, he moves closer and my mind sees visions of him walking toward me, surrounded by high pine trees on a cloudless summer’s day with his eyes sparkling. An all-consuming desire to be with him overwhelms me. Sitting down beside me, he speaks slowly and soothingly. “I promise I will not harm you, I just want to talk.”
“Then tell me where I am and why you are holding me? Tell me what you did with my fiancé?” 
Anguish engulfs his features and he grips my arms. “Please tell me you haven’t committed to him, Mia please!” His voice is pleading but his holding me does not frighten me. For some unknown reason, I want to wrap my arms around his waist and lean into his chest.
“I haven’t agreed to anything!” I retort, unable to understand what is compelling me to tell this stranger the truth. As I continue to look into his softening eyes, flashes of my dreams return, and I see his features as those starring in my nocturnal visions. 
The hands which were grabbing my arms in a desperate plea are now shaking. My heart is pounding like a sonic boom. “Who are you, please tell me? Do I know you?”
His sapphire eyes stare into mine, searching for something I cannot discern. The vague dreams that I experienced over the last few months are now playing vividly in my mind. I have no doubt that this is the face of the man who filled my unconscious thoughts and my heart with such love and desire.
Resting my free hand upon his, for the first time in as long as I can remember my life seems to make sense, my heart feels whole and my mind is not questioning why this life I am living didn’t seem to fit. Everything seems to be falling into place, despite my not knowing who he is or what is happening. His touch is cold and smooth, but makes me feel warm and truly happy. I flip the hand that he is holding over and bring his shaking hands to my lips, kissing them. “Please, who are you and why did you come for me?”
“I’m Andrew.” He brushes our intertwined hands across my cheek. “Is it really possible?” His hands now cup my face. “You’re not Marlena, you’re Mia, aren’t you?”
Despite my early feeling regarding him, reason returns. I don’t know who he is. If he is mistaken about who I am, I may be in danger. I am about to pull away fearing that my baby and I are facing a dangerous situation, but I cannot tear my eyes from his. His eyes plead with me and although they seem to be telling me that he does not want to hurt me, the ones he was arguing with outside seem to want to cause me harm. Forcing my tone to sound deliberate, I have to find out what happened to Jonathan, obviously this man knows him and has something against him or Marlena. Maybe this Marlena is Jonathan’s partner. I force myself to stay the course and speak to him before the others enter. He is the best chance I have of leaving here unharmed. “I don’t know who Marlena is or what you have against her or Jonathan, but my name is Mia Angelis and I am a doctor. You don’t know me and you had no reason to take me, but I need to get back to the hospital where I work, please tell me what you did to me when we were dancing to hurt my baby?”
His eyes stare at my stomach and his voice turns soft. “I didn’t do anything to you when we were dancing, all of a sudden you keeled over.”
I felt such a stabbing pain I thought he knifed me with the dagger he was carrying. Moving my hands, I lift the top of my costume slightly to see if there are any marks, but there are none. My stomach however, seems even more pronounced. “Please you have to let me go, I have to get to the hospital, if you didn’t do anything, my baby is in trouble and I need to get medical attention. I am not this Marlena. I promise not to tell anyone about you or your taking me here, but I need help. Please I haven’t done anything to you, just let me go before I lose my baby!”
He continues to stare at me and he moves his hand over my heart and closes his eyes. Opening them, he jumps toward the door. I scuttle out of bed and run to the window, fearing he is letting the others in to hurt me. He is upon me before I can escape as two women and a man enter. “Please get back in bed. No one is going to hurt you, I promise.” He lifts me, putting me back in the bed. As he releases me, I grab the lamp and try to hit him, but his hand swiftly knocks the lamp out of my hand causing it to crash against the wall, taking down half the plaster. Throwing myself off the bed, I roll across the floor to the corner. Pain radiates throughout my abdomen again. I fight to straighten up, but cannot even move a muscle. I am stuck in the fetal position once again. He is upon me instantly, lifting me off the floor and holding me tightly in his arms. “Please, don’t fight me, no one here is going to harm you. I could never hurt you. Somewhere inside you know this, fight to remember, please before you get hurt.” His plea sounds so genuine and the pain is so pronounced that I cannot fight him even if he didn’t sound sincere. Placing me in the bed, the woman I first saw approaches me again, whispers once more into my stomach, dulling the pain. 
He turns to her. “I’m right aren’t I? This isn’t Marlena, it’s...” He cannot seem to get out my name. 
She places her hand on his shoulder. “What is your heart telling you? Even though our mind can deceive us or play tricks on us, the heart does not lie. I told you things are not always as they appear?”
He turns back to me, sits beside me, embracing me tightly. As he holds me, I feel as if I have come home and see another life flashing before my eyes, but it cannot be real and makes no sense. There are flashes of light, beautiful creatures moving faster than humanly possible, fights with shadows, children with inexplicable powers, old fashioned mansions and angels with wings. Despite all of the strange images flowing through my mind which I cannot make sense of, there is also an overwhelming feeling of love and joy. I find myself wrapping my arms around him and pulling him closer. 
An argument swells around us, pulling me from my visions. The woman whose voice I heard earlier fighting with this man is fighting with the woman who touched me twice. 
“If you are putting my brother through some sort of sick game, I will personally send you to hell. I won’t see him go through her loss again. Tell me right now if he is right and if that is really Mia. I felt her on my back before feeling the stake. I saw her disappear. I know she went and bartered her life for mine after finding out what I did. You can’t bring back the dead I know it, despite what we are.”
The man beside her interrupts. “Eva, stop let her speak. We saw Mia disappear, but did we see her die? Maybe where each of you were willing to sacrifice for the other, something else happened. You of all people know that we have seen miraculous things happen. Give her a chance to speak.”
“Is it Mia?” Eva shouts.
The other woman turns to Andrew. “I asked you what your heart is telling you. Answer her.”
Moving to turn to her, he refuses to release my hands. “Eva, it’s Mia, I have no doubt. I see her goodness and no one shines like she does. I was so focused earlier on destroying the demon that I didn’t see the light around her, I didn’t look, but I felt it the moment she was in my arms, the moment I looked into her eyes and felt whole again for the first time since she disappeared. This isn’t Marlena. I told you I wasn’t fooled the first time and I know I am not being fooled now. I don’t know why or how someone like me would be given a second chance and I know that I don’t deserve it, but I know she is real and I am certain of who she is!” 
She and the gentleman standing beside her appear frozen, staring at me. “Since you know who I am and you don’t want to hurt me, please take me to the hospital, something is wrong with me and I need to get medical attention.”
All eyes shift to my abdomen and his voice turns panicked. “Cassandra what are my options, I can’t use the dagger, even if it wouldn’t kill her and we don’t have any holy water saturated with the essence of the one whose soul he is holding. Is the demon a danger to her, is that why she is experiencing such pain?” He moves from me quickly, grabs her arms, and sinks to his knees. “Please help me, I can’t lose her again, tell me what I can do! I don’t want to let David come back, but I can’t harm her or watch her die, please you have to help me!”
Kneeling beside him, she speaks. “Andrew, you need to calm down and think. Panic will not help you in this and will cloud your judgment. You cannot return to Sanctuary until this is over because they will follow you there and people will die. You know what they are and the fierceness that drives them. They will do all they can to bring him forward and Jonathan will not give up on her. She still has not pierced the veil which took away her life when she sacrificed herself to make things right. You know Michael’s power and even though he did not take her life, he veiled her memories despite wanting nothing more than to allow you to stay together he knew that some type of sacrifice had to be made to counterbalance the restoration to Eva of her immortality, but in doing this, there was at least the possibility that you would find each other again. I know that you don’t believe that you deserve love and happiness and are always waiting for it to be torn away from you, for you to be destroyed in its wake, but you were not. I know you never believed that you deserved a miracle because you blamed yourself for what you did as Nicholas, never realizing that in him your free will was ripped from you, but still you fought for right and in the end that is why Michael refused to take her life in trade, but he did place a powerful veil over her eyes, which obviously love is trying to pierce, but still, she has not broken through to see the truth. She feels what she cannot understand, sees visions which are dreamlike and make no sense and believes she has lived a life which led her to this point. She is still vulnerable and could still be lost. You have to fight for both, you need to uncover the truth and both of you must complete this journey in order for another to begin his.”
I cannot make sense of what she is saying to him or why they are speaking of a demon or using a dagger, but their cryptic conversation frightens me. As if he senses my fear, he rises from the floor and sits beside me. “I’m sorry, I know that you must be confused as to what is going on, but I promise, you won’t be harmed. We are no threat to you.” He turns. “Eva, I need you to secure a portable ultrasound machine for me and bring it here. If the others are through confusing the trail, I need to have them searching for Jonathan and someone needs to call Gabriel and tell him that we didn’t find William or Marlena and that they should still stay on alert at Sanctuary.” He turns to Cassandra. “If we stay away from Sanctuary, do you see any trouble coming their way?”
“No, Sanctuary and the people there are perfectly safe if you do not take her there.”
As he turns back to me, I grab his hand. “Why won’t you just take me to the hospital and why do you talk about Jonathan as if he is a danger to me? He cares about me and our child. He is a good man and has done everything to protect me. Are you the one who attacked him? Why would you do that? Where is he? Are you holding him somewhere?”
He glances at Cassandra. “Can I tell her everything or would that impair her ability to remember?”
“You can guide her, but the more she discerns on her own, the better. I can’t tell you if she will ever remember your life together. You may be starting over again, but if there is any chance for her to pierce through the veil, she will need to fight it with the strongest power which is love.”
“Mia, I can’t take you to your hospital, it would be dangerous?”
“Why, I have friends there that could help us.” I feel a strange sensation and bring my hands to my stomach. His hands reach for mine, but as bile rises up, my hands move swiftly to cover my mouth causing his hands to hit my abdomen. His facial features freeze and he appears immobile. I push him aside and lean over the side of the bed, vomiting in the waste basket. Shaken from his immobility, he rises and comes back with a glass of water, but still appears stunned. Sitting back, I sip the water. His hands move to my stomach again and he closes his eyes. He appears deep in concentration and I hear him murmur. “It’s not possible.” His eyes remain closed for several moments. Opening them, he stares at my stomach, as if he is trying to see the child inside.
“Mia, how far along are you?”
About eight or nine weeks, why?”
His cold hands feel my abdomen and I can swear I feel a kick beneath his palm. His eyes grow wide. “You have to be further along, they don’t kick that young and your stomach is too pronounced.”
“I’m not. It must have been a gas bubble.”
He turns to Cassandra. “She was bitten a little over six months ago, and what I am feeling feels bigger than that. The gestation period you spoke of, is it shorter?” He moves his hands again around my stomach and stares. “Can it be, no now I have to be imagining things, I saw the results they were both pregnant because of David, the tests matched.”
I slap his hands away. My child is not a thing and I am done allowing this stranger to touch my child, despite the earlier feelings of desire and warmth he aroused in me. I withdraw myself up toward the edge of the bed. He is making no sense and who is this David, even Jonathan mentioned a David. “I insist you take me back to the hospital where I can get some proper assistance and that you leave me alone. I know how far along I am and I don’t appreciate you talking about my child as if it is some form of demon. Who the hell are you and why does everyone keep mentioning this David? Jonathan called our child David, and now you seem to be intimating that I got bitten by some David. What is going on here?”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you. I know that you don’t understand what is going on around you, but I ...” He stops abruptly. “Mia, did you say that Jonathan is the father?” His voice sounds unsteady.
“What business of it is yours?”
He grabs my hands and pleads. “Please try to see who I am, it would make things so much easier. You trusted me once and said that it was our strength together that led you home to me when others were trying to deceive you. I need you to trust me now and answer my questions, please our whole future is riding on this, our children’s future, please I need your help!”
“Our what?”
He stares into my eyes and speaks softly. “Our future”
“You said our children’s future. Would you tell me something? The children you are speaking of are their names Jacob, Nicole, Kayla and Nicholas?”
His eyes sparkle like diamonds and a pronounced smile crosses his face. “Do you remember them?” I could hear the hope in his voice.
‘I’m not sure if I remember them, but I have dreamt about them. I saw them scurrying around on a picnic blanket before a cabin similar to the one hanging in my bedroom and saw myself holding them while you were holding me. Are they real?”
“They are very real and love their mother and miss her very much.”
“Are you trying to tell me that the dream wasn’t a dream? That can’t be possible! I live here. I am a physician at the hospital and have lived in New York for the past fifteen years. The children I dreamt of are young. I couldn’t be their mother, I lost my husband a few years ago and we never had children.” My hands fly up to my head. “This isn’t possible, it was a dream. I know who I am and the life I led. They are trying to deceive you, stop it, what you felt isn’t real, it was a dream, it couldn’t be real. Nobody lives two lives. This isn’t a science fiction novel or movie, this is your life, stop it Mia, now!” 
Bringing his hands up to mine, he pulls them from my temple gently. “Mia, it wasn’t a dream, it was a memory trying to break through. Can I ask you something?”
“I guess so.”
“You said you lived here the past fifteen years and were married. Did you ever feel as if your life is wrong, your memories confusing or like something just doesn’t quite fit?”
My eyes grow bigger. “How did you know that?”
“Mia, it felt as if it didn’t fit, because it doesn’t, you didn’t live that life, your life was quite different and it wasn’t here, it was with me and our children in Maine.”
“That’s not possible.” But as I say this, my mind is already reeling. I concentrate on Alex and our life together, but I cannot see him anymore. The harder I try to force his memory, the more my mind floods with images of the man who stands before me. Without realizing it, I voice my thoughts. “It couldn’t be possible, could it?...No.” I finally meet his apprising eyes. “What are you trying to do? Why are you trying to confuse me? I have done nothing to you. Please, why are you doing this?” I plead.
“I’m not trying to confuse you, I swear. I would never do anything to hurt you. You are the one who brought me to life, brought me out of my despair, I would never do anything to hurt you. I love you, our children love you, and the patients that you have so lovingly helped all of these years adore you.”
“Are you saying that I was a doctor with you too?”
“Yes, you are a psychiatrist.”
“Now I know your lying, I’m a trauma physician and surgeon.” His head whips around to Cassandra.
“Jacob saw Mia, this whole time in his dreams didn’t he? It wasn’t Katrina, it was Mia and it was now? How could she be a trauma surgeon?”
Cassandra smiles, “You are correct, Jacob was seeing Mia. When she connected to him when he was captured, she created a special connection and he was seeing what was happening to her. To answer your other question when you united, your abilities and powers became a part of her. They remained dormant until someone helped trigger the abilities, look closely at her essence and see who guides her hand. It is safe for you to show yourself, you will not harm her by doing so, you may even help her?” Looking around, the woman is talking to the air, maybe they are crazy. Before I can even go down this path, I feel something touch my cheek, but can see both their hands and neither one of them touched me.
The man is looking at the air next to where I felt the touch. “Ann, have you been guiding her?”
I hear nothing, but feel the overwhelming sense of my mother near me as he nods his head.
“Why did you say the name Ann?”
“Because your mother is with you now, I can see her essence and she is the trauma surgeon who has guided your hand since you disappeared and assumed this life. Mia, in your true life, you are a psychiatrist and the mother of four children who love you.”
As I stare into his eyes, they glisten with sincerity. He seems to truly believe what he is saying. “You have to be wrong. I haven’t been in an accident or hit my head, or done anything that could cause memory loss. How could I have lived this life and that one that you are talking about?”
Standing up, he rummages through his costume pulling out his wallet, “Let me show you.” Opening it, there are pictures of us surrounded by the four children I saw in my dreams. My hands shake as my fingers glide over their happy faces and I stare at a life I cannot remember, but saw flashes of in dreams. He opens the back of the wallet and pulls out a chain. “This belongs to you.” He places something around my neck. As his hands retreat, a lace pendant of some type hangs from the chain. “Open it and see for yourself.”
My shaking hands cannot undo the clasp and he helps me. Inside is a watch and a picture of us with the children. Can he be telling the truth? I know photographs can be doctored, but these people appeared in my memories before I ever saw them. “You say this was my life, but why am I remembering a different one, how could someone doctor my memories?” None of this is making any sense. They have no reason to do this to me. I don’t have money. I don’t even have enough of Alex’s money left to make such an endeavor worthwhile. I am no use to anyone. Looking into his eyes, he seems desperate for me to remember, the tone in his voice, the pleas, he wants me to remember being with him and in some way besides just my dreams, from the feeling when I touched him, I do.” 
“Mia, please, I need to know, you said that the baby is Jonathan’s were you with him?”
I am about to tell him it is none of his business but looking at the photograph in the watch, we look happy and it isn’t like this is information he can use against me. I hesitate, how can I tell him I was dreaming of him while I was with someone else, especially if what he said is true? “I had to have been, I’m pregnant and I haven’t been with anyone since my husband died.” 
“You seem hesitant. Is it because I told you we are married?”
“No. It’s because I…I was dreaming that I was with you and don’t remember being with him, but then I found out I was pregnant and so I had to have been with him.” I blurt out and feel the heat explode in my cheeks.
“Mia, don’t be ashamed, I didn’t ask you as your husband, I need to make sure that you didn’t commit to him.” His voice sounds calmer.
There it is again, he isn’t asking if I slept with him, he is speaking about my making a commitment, the same way Jonathan did. When Jonathan and I were running he spoke of needing me to commit to him so that he could have his full power. “What is with this commitment worry? He was obsessed with my committing to him and now you are worried that I committed to him, what am I missing?”
A strange look passes between him and the woman. “Mia, that is a very long story and will only confuse you more. Can we...” He stops as the woman and man enter with equipment. Rising quickly, they assemble the equipment quicker than humanly possible. As I watch them move quietly and in sync an image of my lying in a hospital bed, quite pregnant with them once again tinkering with equipment flashes across my memory. A moment later they seem ready and Andrew sits on the bed. “I know that you don’t trust us and that none of this makes sense, but I need to take an ultrasound. There was something when I touched your stomach and I know that it can answer the question for me. I can’t even begin to tell you how important it is. You know that the ultrasound can’t hurt you, but it can answer a very important question and you did say you were worried because of the pain.”
“How do you know how to work the equipment, are you a doctor?”
“Yes and I promise, we know what we are doing.”
I do want answers as to the pain and know there is no danger from an ultrasound, but what if they see whatever it is that they were arguing over, will they hurt us? “If I allow you to do this, I want your assurance that no matter what you see, you won’t hurt us. I heard you fighting earlier. Otherwise, I want to be taken home.”
His eyes turn extremely soft and his voice gentle. “I promise, no one here will do anything but take the ultrasound, you are perfectly safe.”
Lying back, he pulls up my top exposing my stomach. A strange desire washes over me. As he rubs the wand over my abdomen, he stares at the screen. Standing up, “Eva, keep this moving on her, I need to get closer.” He glances down at me. “It’s alright. She loves you like a sister. She won’t hurt you.” Despite his assuring words, I tense as she comes closer and he takes the measurements and occasionally turns back, staring at my stomach as if he is trying to see right through me. Closing his eyes, he turns back to the monitor, opens them and appears to be staring so intently at the screen, he turns immobile. 
Eva finally breaks his concentration. “Andrew, what do you see?”
He turns, his voice is barely audible. “A miracle” His eyes shift to me as he moves forward. Eva rises, allowing him to sit. He embraces me so tightly, yet somehow I can feel the relief at whatever he sees in his muscles. 
“What is it?” I inquire winded by his actions.
“Our son” He whispers.
“I don’t understand.” His response confuses me more.
He moves back. “Mia, he has a light around it like Jacob and Nicole. You’re not two months pregnant, you’re probably eight. The child is ours. You were pregnant before you left Sanctuary, before you were bitten by David.”
“Who’s David and why would someone bite me? Are you alright?”
“I have had the greatest miracle ever to be bestowed. I am better than alright.”
He turns to Cassandra. “I saw you stop her pain, do you know why she is experiencing pain because the ultrasound doesn’t indicate any problems.”
She smiles widely. “The baby is fighting for you too. He is very powerful. He couldn’t have his mother leaving his father, nor could he risk you using the dagger if you did not feel who she was when you first took her hand. He is ready to be born and does not desire to wait any longer now that his father has come for him.”
“Cassandra, why would you say that she is vulnerable if the child is mine and she has not committed to Jonathan. Can I still lose her? Cassandra, please tell me that he has not given her back to me only to rip her from me once more!”
“She is vulnerable because although she is not Marlena, and although the others have confused the trail, Jonathan has reconnected with William’s coven. They are close and believe that her child is connected to David and that both children are necessary for his return. Jonathan will still try and get her to commit to him in her confusion while Marlena and William only desire to ensure the child is born, if they should figure it is yours and not David returning they will destroy her.”
“I won’t let them take her.” 
“You are not strong enough to stop them and the others are too far out to help you now. You need to ensure that Jonathan fails in trying to reclaim her. She is his path to destroying you and you must finish your journey and foreclose David’s path to this plane.”
“I won’t lose her again!” Quickly lifting me, he turns, but Cassandra stops him. 
“Andrew, remember what I said about fear, it will cloud your vision. They are too close for you to run with her. You need to let him take you. He won’t kill you here. He wants you to see her choose him or have you watch her lose her life after bringing the child forth. You need to work together and stop what is coming. This is your only chance. Otherwise, David will return, they will never let any of you go, and innocent souls will be trapped forever in the abyss. We need to remove the equipment and you need to call the others and tell them he is taking you to Marlena.”
“Where does he have her hidden?” His tone is beyond panicked.
I interrupt. “She has to be the friend who arrived at his house last month, the one arguing with him. He lives at 227 DeVille Lane it is about an hour out of town, at least by car.” 
He is on the phone speaking too fast for me to catch his words. He turns to the others and his tone reflects his anxiety. “Leave now and take the equipment. Meet up with the others when it is safe.” 
Cassandra comes over to me, thrusting something into my hand. “Hide this in your costume, when the time comes hold it to Jonathan’s heart and tell Andrew who he really is. This will cut his final tether to this family and the demon will be reclaimed for his failure.” Looking down, I am holding a small chain with a cross on it. When I look up to ask her who Jonathan really is, she and the others are already gone.
Even though I don’t understand, I hurriedly put it into my pocket.
Epilogue - A Slipping Veil

Andrew lays me on the bed. His anxiety and fear are reflected in his eyes and the rigidity of his embrace as he pulls me tightly to his chest. “I’m sorry that my world keeps consuming you, but I will not let it take you from me again. You will be fine and I promise so will our son. I love you.” The desperation in his words awakes an aching need inside of me to bring this man comfort. He truly believes we lived the life he spoke of and shared the love I dreamt of. Maybe we did, maybe all he said is true. I feel my heart breaking, seeing such pain in his eyes and feeling his desperate need to cling to me in his embrace. The rustling outside makes me aware that whatever he fears is upon us and I desperately want to give him a moment of happiness before the onslaught of his fear overpowers us. The words which I found so hard to say to Jonathan, despite all of the kindness he had shown to me, rips through my chest and up my throat as I wrap my arms around him. “I know you will protect us. I love you.” In that instant, he pulls me closer, kissing me passionately. My heart bursts with love as fierce looking, pale faced men, whose fiery eyes burn, burst through the door. They are upon him instantly, ripping him from our embrace and throwing him against the wall with such force, it shakes the room. 
Before I can move a muscle, Jonathan is through the door lifting me. “Mia, are you alright? Did they hurt you two? Is David alright? I was so worried when they kidnapped you.” His words flow quickly and are filled with concern. Swiftly moving to the door, he shouts. “Grab him, we may need him if the others come and I don’t want him missing this.” Despite my fear, I detect a menace in his voice unlike anything I have ever heard before. Andrew struggles to free himself, but two men have his hands and legs. They look like they are going to tear him apart but Jonathan screams again. “Now” As I watch the scene with horror, another scene of a dark night with fiery eyed creatures trying to tear him apart simultaneously flashes before my eyes and I hear a faint echo of Jonathan screaming “Destroy him.” Jonathan’s voice causes the image of the woods to dissipate. “Mia, it’s alright, I have you now. Everything is going to be fine. What did they do to you? Did they do anything to the baby?”
I shake my head still searching for my voice as my body shudders. Jonathan stares at me. “Please tell me what’s going on. What’s happening?” 
“Mia, it’s alright, you have nothing to worry about. I’m here now. I will protect you. Do you know where the others are?”
“What others?”
“The ones who are with him, I need to find them so that they cannot come after you and hurt you.”
Although I don’t understand what is going on, I am afraid to tell him the truth. “I hit my head when I fell from your arms and just regained consciousness. I only saw him when I woke up and then you burst through the door to rescue me. What am I doing here?” As the dark image flashes through my mind again, I am sure that it is Jonathan’s voice yelling to destroy Andrew that calls from the darkness and I don’t want him knowing that Andrew even spoke to me. As if the child is confirming that I am right, his intense kick forces my body to contort.
“What’s wrong?” His anxious voice calls to me as we move swiftly through the darkened night. None of this is making sense, but as we speed through the tree lined streets of a neighborhood now asleep, other images of a darkened night and creatures traveling at superhuman speed flash across my consciousness. “Mia, what’s wrong?”
“I just had a pain.” I wrap my arms around his neck and rest my head on his shoulder. I don’t want to answer questions. I want to force whatever images are breaking through to continue. 
“Don’t worry, we’ll be home shortly. Mia, did he say anything to you? Do you have any idea why they took you?”
Closing my eyes tighter, I get a clearer image. Andrew and Jonathan are locked in combat. I can see my own face as fear and anguish tear through it as Jonathan throws Andrew through the air. The image shifts to Andrew lying on the ground, dying. I gasp and know in that instant, that my fear is for Andrew, not Jonathan. I must protect my child and Andrew from Jonathan. Although I do not understand what is going on or why, I know I have to answer him before he becomes suspicious. I lift my head slightly. “It was so quick and so confusing, he didn’t want me he thought I was someone else.”
“Do you know who?”
Recognizing the houses now coming into view, I know we are close to his home. “No, it all happened so fast and my head hurt so much, I couldn’t hear him and then you came and rescued me. I don’t know what would have happened to me if you didn’t come.”
I fight to keep my eyes focused on Jonathan knowing that if they shift to Andrew to see if he heard or to shoot him some sign that I am lying, I will tip off Jonathan. Wrapping my arms tighter around his neck, I kiss him on the cheek before resting my head on his shoulder. “Thank you for saving us.”
We are in the driveway and someone opens the door. Flying though, he starts barking orders. “Secure the perimeter. Make sure no one gets in.” He rushes upstairs and places me on a bed. I don’t know where they are taking Andrew, but I hear the chaos surrounding me. Sitting beside me, his features turn intense. “Are you sure that you are alright?”
“I was scared, but you found me so quick, thank you for not losing me.” I take his hand. 
“Mia, I told you I would always come back for you.” He brushes my cheek with the back of his knuckles and smiles. “Did you think a little kidnapping could thwart my attempt to make you mine, you promised to give me an answer this evening and I have waited long enough. I won’t let him or anyone stand in my way again. Mia, tell me that your mine now and I will make sure that you are always protected from men like Andrew.” Although he tries to make his voice sound light, a flash of darkness engulfs me as words ring in my ears drowning out all other sound. “This is not over! I will suffer for losing you yet again, but I have all eternity and your luck will run out. You cannot thwart me forever.” My eyes are unfocused until his touch seers my cheek, dragging me from the echoing abyss. As if to warn me, my stomach violently contracts and the pain causes me to scream out.
As I scream, shouts echo from the hallway. Jonathan grabs my arms. “Mia, you must commit to me now, I need my power to protect you and David before they have a chance to tear us apart.”
Before I can take a breath, the door bursts open and Andrew is on Jonathan. I scurry off the bed which collapses under their weight. Their movements are so quick that they are a blur. I want to escape, but see the intense fighting just outside the door. A woman emerges from the fighting, rushing toward me. Now I know I’m going crazy because what I see is not possible. Katrina is dead, she can’t be here, yet she grabs my hand. It’s not a ghost. “Katrina is it you?” 
“Come with me, I know a way out.” She pulls me up. 
Jonathan throws Andrew out of the room, following him. Fearing my baby will get hurt if I stay, I allow her to pull me out and we duck down a servants’ stairwell. “I don’t understand, you died in a car accident, how are you here?” She turns to get a better hold upon my sweaty hand and I see her eyes flash red. This is not Katrina, this is something else. Pulling my hand away, someone grabs me from behind lifting me off the ground. I scream and she hops on someone’s back. Heading for the door, I scream again, unsure if anyone can hear me through the fighting. 
As the door opens, I see a young boy. “Get your hands off my mother!” He shouts and thrusts his hands forward. We are thrown backwards across the floor. Someone catches me as I am about to hit the ground. Quickly they move me to the boy and as my eyes meet his clear blue eyes, I know him instantly. As the man puts me down, I run to him, embracing him. “You shouldn’t be here, it’s dangerous.” As the words escape my lips, it is as if the locks holding back a flood fly open and my memories come pouring through. I see Jacob being born, Andrew and my family, the life we shared and now know that the love which overwhelmed my heart in my dreams is real. I see myself talking with an angel and begging him to take my life instead of Eva’s. 
As I embrace Jacob, someone jumps me from behind and I feel something steely run down my back. I hear Reginald’s voice “Don’t let her stab Mia!” Someone jumps at the woman, ripping her from me. Falling to the ground, I see Andrew throw the item to Reginald who thrusts it into the woman. A dark crimson light flies out from her, surrounds the dagger and then disappears. The pain in my back is excruciating. I’m in Andrew’s arms and he is yelling at Gabriel. “Why would you risk Jacob like that! He shouldn’t be here!”
“Dad, I made him take me. I’m stronger now, I can help.” 
Two fiery eyed men are barreling toward us Andrew shouts to Gabriel. “Get Jacob out now!” 
Before Gabriel can grab him or Andrew shifts fully trying to block him, Jacob moves like a flash, standing before us, thrusting his hands out in front of him once more. The men are forced back with such force that they hit the wall behind them, cracking it as plaster comes down around them. He didn’t even touch them. He turns to Andrew. “Dad, we have to help mom, she’s bleeding.” 
Cassandra runs towards us. “You need to cut one of Jonathan’s tether to this family now, he failed to bring David forward and have you commit to him, if you cut his tether to them, they will no longer be connected on this plane and hopefully the abyss will be his only home. Mia, you know who the Jonathan on this plane is, he told you. You know a reason Satan is allowed to use the connection to this family to send him back here for them trying to claim them for the darkness, the way he was claimed. Think and rid this family of his connection to them on this plane once and for all. Look past the deceptions of what he tried to make you see and think about what he told you about himself that was something about his true self, something he couldn’t let go; a driving force as to his desire to destroy Andrew most of all while on this plane. You need to break as many connections as you can to this plane, weaken him. Each time he is returned, his ability to claim something more from you diminishes, and he is bound to the abyss for longer. Mia, it is something much deeper and older than what happened in the woods that night when he believes the Nicholas side of Andrew betrayed him. 
As she says this, our conversations run through my mind with one aspect standing out. I gasp as I realize his driving force. “Andrew, put me down, I need to find him.” I look up at Cassandra, “Does he know that he failed?”
“Not yet, he is still embroiled in a fight with Lucas, but he will know if he comes this way.” 
I see Marlena, on the ground, bleeding from the dagger wound and writhing in pain as Andrew and Jacob’s hands are on my back healing the gash. I am breathing better with each passing moment. “You need to heal her.” I turn to Andrew. “We don’t take human life, not even hers. I need to go inside and finish this, hide her so if he gets past me, he won’t know he failed.”
Andrew grabs my arms. “You can’t go to him, he’ll kill you!”
“No, he won’t because you will protect me, I just need to find him first and get close enough to him to send him back. Heal her and then find me, I’m going to try to lead him to the back stairwell.”
Jacob grabs me now. “Mom, you can’t go! What if he does kill you? Mom please!”
Kneeling down, I hug him. “Jacob, you saved me and now it is up to me to send him back. Only I can get close enough to him and he needs to go so that our family can reunite and move forward. I love you and I’m not going anywhere, I promise. Wait here with Gabriel and help your dad, you get stronger by doing the right thing and the right thing is not to have her blood on Reginald’s hands. She is human now and we can’t take her life.” I kiss him and then whisper in his ear. “Thank you for healing me. I’ll be right back, I promise.”
Rising, I turn to Cassandra. “Can you get me through the mayhem without his seeing you?”
“Yes.” She calls out to Andrew. “You need to be no more than two minutes behind us, but don’t get too close until you see the sign or he’ll know who she is.”
We pass through the fighting in the hall. Not only is my family here, but Jeff and his pack are fighting as well. From the vampire limbs we are climbing over and from the burning smell and smoke filling the hall from the open windows, I wonder how many of William’s coven they have destroyed. Cassandra blankets us and we pass unseen through the mayhem. 
Reaching the upper floor, Lucas is tossed from a bedroom and crashes against the wall. As he scrambles to his feet, I whisper to Cassandra. “Can you keep him out of the room?”
She disappears and I rush into the room. “Jonathan, wait! We need to leave and protect David. William has Mia in the back stairwell. I can feel David trying to push through to this plane.” Hunching over, I grab my stomach and cock my head up. “We need to leave now, help me.” He is at my side instantly leading me through the same doorway that Marlena had led me. I need his hands occupied. Falling to the ground as we enter the archway, he lifts me. I pull the cross from my pocket. As we turn the corner, Andrew and Reginald are there and I thrust the cross at his chest. “I know you are the baby that darkness claimed to send Ann into her despair and make her a child of darkness. I hear Andrew gasp as he is upon us both ensuring that Jonathan cannot harm me. He places his hand firmly over mine to keep it over Jonathan’s heart. Jonathan screams at me. “What are you doing? You have no right to this life, it was supposed to be mine, she was supposed to fight for me the way she fought for you.” His hands retreat from holding me, but Andrew grasps me with his free hand. A red glow brightens and heats up from my hand and the cross sears my palm. As Jonathan becomes alight with the engulfing flame, he rips at me. Pain lashes across my arms, but is quickly gone as Reginald pulls his hands away. Andrew yells at him. “She did fight for you, she died to join you.” The heat intensifies consuming Jonathan. As he opens his mouth to say something, he bursts into flames, Andrew and Reginald encircle me with their bodies. I feel the heat but am not burned. After a moment, the heat dissipates and Andrew and Reginald fall to the ground. We tumble down the remaining stairs. I know they are badly injured and scramble to my feet desperate to get help to save them, but don’t get far. Cassandra is already leading Jacob through the back door with Gabriel and Lucas. They pick up Andrew and Reginald and bring them outside probably fearing the fighting may spill over to our location. From the sounds of it, the combat is still going strong. Outside, Jacob places one hand upon Andrew’s right side and one on Reginald’s back. Closing his eyes in concentration, I can see the energy he is expelling, it’s a soft blue aura that ebbs and flows like the rolling waves coming on to shore. Everything around us grows quiet, except for a gentle wind swirling bringing the fallen leaves like a circular wall surrounding us. I watch in awe as my son glows with the intensity of his efforts. A white light emanates from him as the energy resonates from his hands. After several moments, the wind dies down and the leaves nestle around us. Despite his efforts, Jacob’s features do not appear weary like Andrew’s when he heals. Bending down, he hugs his father and utters a soft plea. “Dad, can you hear me?”
Andrew’s eyes open and he quickly encircles Jacob in his hug. “I can and I love you.” He sits up with Jacob, moving his other arm around me. I feel an overwhelming sense of love and joy. Reginald sits up as Amanda runs toward him. She embraces him.”
Gabriel and Lucas stare at me and I hear Gabriel ask Jacob. “How did you know?” 
He withdraws from the hug, but holds my and Andrew’s hands. “I could feel her and knew that no matter what you were telling me about my dreams, you were wrong.”
Andrew speaks. “How did everyone end up here so fast?”
Gabriel responds. “After we arrived at Sanctuary Jacob insisted that you were in danger and so was Mia. He said that he saw fighting with William’s coven. We knew he was afraid with you going up against Marlena and that her likeness was sparking this behavior, but as the day drew on, he became more insistent and threatened to run back here if he had to. The more panicked he became and the more he described what he saw, we figured that we had better come because if the fight was as bad as he was claiming, you were going to need our help. We didn’t think that what he thought about Mia was possible, but we knew because of the children’s gifts, he was probably right about the fight. We were going to leave him behind with the others, but then he sent Grant and I flying through the room with just a flick of his wrist, pleading that if he did not come something terrible was going to happen. He didn’t mean us any harm, but for him to take such extreme measures, we knew he was desperate and feared that he would take drastic measures if we left him behind. The others begged to come, but we knew that they are not as strong as Jacob and knew that our efforts had to be to protect him, so we left them at Sanctuary knowing that they would be safe there with Emma and the others.”
Eva and the others come toward us, the shock and surprise evident in their stares. Jackson speaks quietly. “We should get home. I’m sure that there are three young souls who would like to see their mother.”
They help us up, but as we walk, the pain in my abdomen becomes unbearable and I keel over. “Mom, are you alright?” Jacob asks anxiously.
Cassandra whispers something in his ear.
“Really, now?” I hear the surprise in his voice.
Andrew lifts me. Let’s get you inside.” Bringing me upstairs to a room, Eva follows with clean linens. “Do you need my help?”
“No, go stay with Jacob. I’m sure everything here will be fine.”
“He lays me gently on the bed. Are you ready?” He smiles.
I now know exactly what is going on because I have been through it before. “I am.”
Fifteen minutes later, he places a beautiful baby boy on my chest and embraces us tenderly, kissing first the child’s forehead and then mine. I cannot believe how I could have ever forgotten the love that I see in his eyes now, but am so very grateful to once again be able to see it and feel him with me. I take his hand in mine and this time, I say and feel what is truly in my heart, clear from any confusion. “I love you Andrew, thank you for coming for me, fighting for me, and bringing me back.”
Someone knocks and opens the door. Jacob runs in, jumping on the bed, hugging me and his new brother.
After ensuring that the baby is fine, we head home. I cannot believe the reception at the airport and cannot believe my miracle in holding my children again. Looking into their eyes and Andrew’s, I feel so blessed to be returning home. Despite the long and insane day, I am not feeling tired when Andrew suggests that I get some rest. I don’t want to tear my eyes from him or them. Although they are yawning, they don’t want to retire. Kayla reveals that she is afraid to go to sleep fearing I will be gone again in the morning. I knew exactly how she feels and how the others must feel as well. We move the furniture against the walls in the living room as Gabriel brings down the crib from the attic. When it is set up, I snuggle my newest sleeping miracle down to bed. We all change into comfortable clothing. I am shocked that Andrew still has my clothes in the room. 
I turn to him and as he approaches me, the butterflies in my stomach spread their wings and flutter. Wrapping his arms around me, he kisses me gently. “Despite your beautiful letter, I couldn’t let go.” He whispers and helps me change. As much as I want to stay here staring into his eyes, I know the children are back in the living room and I don’t want to be the cause of any more angst. Entering, we sit against the legs of the couch as they huddle beside us sporting huge smiles. Although they want to hear about what happened, it is so late that we agree to talk about it in the morning. As their eyes droop, I kiss each one of them and we stay there while they sleep. 
Andrew brushes my cheek, awakening my senses as more memories flood through my mind, filling in the gaps. When I am sure they are asleep, I kiss him. Finally having to withdraw to catch my breath, I have to ask. “How did you know it was me?”
“At first, I didn’t, when I came there, it was with the intention of stopping Marlena. But there was something even in the picture of you with Jonathan that didn’t seem like the Marlena who returned with us. Then I was going to grab you when you were at the bar with Reginald, but when my fingertips touched your hand, my body felt as if a live wire ran through it, the shock of feeling your presence overwhelmed me. I thought I was losing my mind and that I was being tricked. When Dr. Meyers forced you to dance with me, the others were going to grab you, but the moment, your hand intertwined with mine and I stopped arguing with myself so that my heart could see what my mind fought against, I knew and for the first time, the blinders were off. I could see your light. I told you, no one shines like you and I felt whole, alive again, not just going through the motions for everyone’s sake, but everyone tried to convince me that I was wrong which shook me momentarily because I was thinking instead of trusting the one thing that never lies, my heart. I was still too afraid because we thought that it was David coming back through you, I never envisioned that the child would be ours. This may be a crazy question, but had you given any thought as to a name?”
“Andrew, I know that it may seem strange, but what would you think about Alexander?”
“I think that it is a fine name.”
“Andrew now that I’m home, does that life disappear. I mean, I know that it really wasn’t my life, in a lot of ways, at least not my memories, but what I was doing, was that real, the people that thought they knew me, do they still think that?”
“I don’t know how that works to tell you the truth, but I bet there is someone who knows the answers.” He rises. “I’ll be right back.”
He returns with Cassandra. “Andrew was telling me what you wanted to know and I do have some answers. The people that you came in contact with are very real and although they believe they traveled a lifetime with you, their memories to fit you were altered, but the work that you were doing there is very real. The lives you saved with your mother’s guidance awakening dormant skills are real and the wing that you secured the money for could become a reality, but you would have to return in order for them to move forward and break ground.”
“Was Alexander real?”
“Yes, he was a pediatric physician who worked at the hospital who was killed in a home invasion three years ago, but he didn’t have a spouse, that part was altered. You see, when things like this happen, and no you are not the first. Angels and demons sometimes take over other’s lives or have to send someone into another life. When this happens, it is best to use real individuals, because they are part of someone’s memories and then the ones you add are just filler. As with Jonathan, he really did assume the identity of a Jonathan Taylor who was a businessman and a true philanthropist. However, he was a bit of a lady’s man and unfortunately he went down in a private plane crash and no one discovered that he died, however, those who provide solutions when demons are expunged or people are erased will either have him missing or someone will find the body beyond being able to decipher a time of death.”
“Cassandra do you know why Michael just didn’t take my life? Why was I given this second chance?”
“Don’t you both think that you deserve happiness? Michael has watched the sacrifices that your family has made, the goodness that you fight for and instill in others. Yes, a price needed to be paid to counterbalance the loss of the sacrifice willingly made on your behalf, but would anyone have won to take your life. The cycle with these circumstances is too precarious. You can do so much more good here than with those who fight beyond this plane. Just look at what you were trying to accomplish without the help of your gifts and without the realization of your powers. All of you still have many journeys to undergo, many revelations to uncover and many more lives to touch. Your children need your continued guidance and nurturing. They are becoming quite a powerful force in this fight, just look at your son, look at the strides he has made and the adversities which he did not let destroy him or turn him. He knew Marlena was the one who took him, yet you showed him that you don’t take a human life and he cured her, despite his anger at what she did and what she tried to take from him. Be happy and know that you still have a long road to travel together, a life to live here and assistance to one who is about to discover the journey that he must take to rescue his own family, a journey that he will need help on and one that will lead him home.” She rises. “I need to speak with Reginald and will see you in the morning before I leave.”
Andrew sits by me, stroking my cheek and kissing me. “She has given you quite a lot to think over.”
I kiss him tenderly. “Andrew, I need for us to go back to New York and ensure that the pediatric wing opens. I know who can run it and they will do a wonderful job, but I can’t let it die. It could help so many people and that was the only thing in my new existence which ever made any sense, even remotely. I know that our work here is important and the children have a safe place to learn and grow, but it wouldn’t be for long. I just can’t let it die.”
He hugs me, bringing me into his chest and stroking my hair. “We can go wherever you want and do whatever you want as long as we do it together.”
Secrets of Sanctuary Hospital Andrew and Mia’s Confrontation
Although Mia has returned to the safety of Sanctuary and the loving arms of her family, she struggles to merge the psychiatrist and mother she was with the surgeon and woman who was singularly focused on bringing the only thing that made sense in her existence to life, the children’s wing of the hospital she left behind. With her sudden disappearance, the wing is in jeopardy and dr. Davis is fighting to ensure that all of her efforts instead go to his plastic surgery facility. To save what she held so dear and what brought her back to Andrew, Mia needs to return to the existence she forged without Andrew and her children to resume her role as Jonathan’s bride.
Determined to assist Mia in this endeavor, Andrew assumes Jonathan’s identity and they return to New York with everyone required to play a role and assume an identity which is not their own. To assist Mia in ensuring that the wing goes forward, Jeff returns as a visiting physician while Andrew ensures that the real Jonathan’s wishes are carried forward for the son of his girlfriend. The children enroll along with Jeff’s children in a new school where Grant, Julian and Paul have assumed positions as instructors and soon realize this new school holds secrets and hidden dangers of its own. The children quickly learn that the surreal world extends way beyond that which they have encountered in Sanctuary. With each challenge, their powers, especially Jacob’s explode.
Despite the battles fought and lessons learned, Andrew and Mia are about to face their most surprising discovery. As the family struggles in their new roles, Mia quickly learns that certain demons can truly rip the souls from their victims. Unfortunately in Mia’s case, it was not her essence that Marlena seized it was the soul of Alexander’s developing twin. Together, Alexander and his twin would have the power to end the condemnation of those who walk this earth for all eternity. Together, they would have the power to revert vampires back to human form. Unfortunately in sending a returning David back to the depths of hell before securing the souls of those he held to channel forth, Reginald sealed the fate of Alexander’s twin and that of the soul of his brother who, even now, chooses to stay and protect the child.
To save them, Mia, Andrew, their family, and friends must open the gate to hell on earth and face the truth of who they are and what they are willing to sacrifice to make things right and save those they love. As they face their final encounter, lives are lost, released demons invade heaven’s gates and the final secrets of the ties that bind Mia and Andrew to heaven and hell are revealed.
Note To The Reader
We hope that you enjoyed this story. We are posting it free to share with readers in hopes that if you find it entertaining, you will consider donating the money you would have paid for a paperback book ($2.99 - $4.99) to a local organization of your choosing that provides assistance to soldiers returning home from duty and need help or a veterans’ association. Please note that if this book is seen on other sites available to purchase it is because the site requires a purchase price to originally list the book. As such, the net proceeds from this book received by the author will be donated to a local food bank or will be utilized to purchase food items that the author will place in local receptacles delivering to food banks in the area. Thank you for your consideration of our request, we hope that we have provided you with some entertainment with our story, and that your contribution will provide someone in need with a little assistance and comfort in their struggle.
