Secrets and Deception
For Keeps Series Book One
By Alexa Kane
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means – electronic, mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system – without prior written permission of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form or biding or cover than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Published by Alexa Kane
Copyright 2020 by Alexa Kane
All Rights Reserved. ©


This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

The author acknowledges all song titles, song lyrics, film titles, film characters, trademarked statuses, brands, mentioned in this book are the property of, and belong to, their respective owners. The publication / use of these trademarks is not authorized / associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Author’s Note
Because of its explicit sexual content, mature themes and bad language, this book is suitable for readers over eighteen years of age.


I hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Author’s Note
Chapter 1 - Eva
Chapter 2 - Eva
Chapter 3 - Eva
Chapter 4 - Eva
Chapter 5 - Mason
Chapter 6 - Mason
Chapter 7 - Eva
Chapter 8 - Mason
Chapter 9 - Mason
Chapter 10 - Eva
Chapter 11 - Jason
Chapter 12 - Eva
Chapter 13 - Jason
Chapter 14 - Eva
Chapter 15 - Jason
Chapter 16 - Eva
Chapter 17 - Jason
Chapter 18 - Eva
Chapter 19 - Jason
Chapter 20 - Eva
Chapter 21 - Jason
Chapter 22 - Eva
Chapter 23 - Eva
Chapter 24 - Jason
Chapter 25 - Eva
Chapter 26 - Jason
Chapter 27 - Eva
Chapter 28 - Jason
Chapter 29 - Eva
Chapter 30 - Jason
Chapter 31 - Eva
Chapter 32 - Jason
Chapter 33 - Eva
Chapter 34 - Jason
Chapter 35 - Eva
Chapter 36 - Jason
Chapter 37 - Eva
Chapter 38 - Jason
Chapter 39 - Eva
Chapter 40 - Jason
Chapter 41 - Eva
Chapter 42 - Jason
Chapter 43 - Eva
Chapter 44 - Jason
Chapter 45 - Eva
Chapter 46 - Jason
Chapter 47 - Eva
Chapter 48 - Jason
Chapter 49 - Eva
Chapter 50 - Jason
Chapter 51 - Eva
Chapter 52 - Mason
Chapter 53 - Eva
Thank you very much for reading
Chapter 1
Eva
“Evangeline Van Der Woodson.”
As soon as my name is called, I walk across the stage to receive my high school diploma. I have officially graduated and after one last care free summer, I will be joining my best friend at the University of Washington.
I can’t wait!
I’ve been looking forward to this moment since Jayden graduated two years ago, life hasn’t been the same around here since he left. He promised to come back and visit all the time, but last summer he spent most of his break tripping around Florida and Mexico with his new friends from college.
I asked if I could come and join him on holiday and meet his friends but instead, Jayden came home for three weeks, it was weird, it’s like he doesn’t want me to meet any of his new friends. He has always been protective of me, especially around other guys, but I’m going to meet his friends sooner or later, he can’t keep me hidden away forever.
Once the formal part’s over, I make my way towards my parents and my Uncle Dennis. My mother makes it to me first, she nearly topples me over with the force of her hug, at 5ft 4in we are both the same height and roughly the same size, so she shouldn’t be stronger than me, but damn that hurt.
She is blubbering too much about her baby girl, high school and college to really understand what she is saying. Next to congratulate me is my father, although he is a lot gentler with his hug than my mom, he even manages to form a proper sentence. “I am so proud of you sweet heart, you are going to do great things, I love you.”
“I love you too dad,” now it’s my turn to get tears in my eyes. I love my parents, I know all children love their parents and reckon they have the best parents ever, but mine take the cake.
My dad is quite a bit taller than my mom at 6ft but she always seems to be tucked away under his arm. Their story is like something out of a fairy tale, high school sweethearts who married straight out of college, the only bump in the road was that I was the only child they were able to conceive. I always wished for a sibling but in a way, Jayden has filled that hole.
My mom always jokes about the two of us ending up together but that’s never going to happen. We love each other, sure, but not like that.
Never like that.
Uncle Dennis lifts me up in a bear hug, congratulating me. Growing up he has always been around, he is my father’s brother and they are incredibly close, they even work together at my father’s company. I hope to join them there one day too.
I scream with joy when my eyes land on my best friend, Jayden Bradley. I wasn’t sure if he was going to be able to make it today. He lifts me up, spinning me around, making me giggle and scream like a little girl.
He is gorgeous, tall with clear baby blue eyes and blonde hair that falls close to his ears, he has a nice tan year round which gives him a surfer appeal that girls seem to go crazy for. The fact he has never set foot on a surfboard, doesn’t seem to bother them.
Sometimes I think it would be easier if we did like each other that way, but then I am reminded of the time we kissed when I was thirteen, we both started gagging and spitting afterwards.
Yep. Definitely better to stay friends.
“Congrats Eva, I’m proud of you,” he leans down to kiss me on my forehead and that’s part of the reason I think everyone is waiting for us to announce ourselves as a couple, we are pretty affectionate with one another but that’s just how we are.
“Thanks Jayden, although I wasn’t sure if you would make it or not.” I don’t like to let on how disappointed I am that he is never around anymore, I understand we both need to move on at some point but I miss my friend.
“Yeah, I was always coming, I just wanted to surprise you.” His smile gets bigger as he grins at me, “I’m here for the whole summer.”
“What?!” That is about the best news I have gotten all day. We’re going to have the best summer ever.
“I wanted to spend some time with you, plus my parents have been on my case about spending so much of my breaks with my friends,” he deadpans.
Glad to know that I’m not the only one missing him.
“Oh, I see, so I’m a consolation prize,” I’m trying to be serious when I respond, but he can see straight through me.
“Yes, a very sexy consolation prize, who is going to take me to all the parties this summer and introduce me to all of her hot friends,” he’s grinning at me cheekily.
“But you know all of my friends,” I screw my nose up. He already had sex with one of my friends last summer and I don’t need him sleeping with anyone else I know. Yuck.
“Sure, but I haven’t fucked all of your friends yet.”
He takes off which is lucky as I was reaching around to smack him. I take off, running after him but don’t do very well at catching him, he was always faster than me. Plus, I’m wearing heels. He ends up hiding behind my parents and using them as a barrier.
My mother just laughs, used to our antics, “What are you two doing?”
“Nothing-” at the same time Jayden says.
“Eva was telling me about a graduation party one of her friends is throwing, do you mind if we go?”
Big fat liar.
“Of course not, have fun and stay safe, I will see you two later.”
One more round of hugs later, all the while glaring at Jayden and we are off to have the best summer of our lives.
***
Justin Cooper is dancing behind me, grinding himself against me and I can feel his erection digging into me. We have been sort of dating this last year and I ended up being cliché as hell and gave him my virginity after prom.
A fact that I left out of my weekly conversations with Jayden, he can be super protective over me and doesn’t think anyone is good enough to date me, let alone sleep with me.
All of a sudden, I am ripped away from Justin by an angry looking Jayden, “What the hell, Eva?” he looks super angry.
I look behind me to see that Justin has taken off, the coward. “I was dancing, thought that was obvious,” my voice is dripping with sarcasm.
“He’s not good enough for you, stay away from him. In fact, stay away from all these fucking assholes. I will help you find a nice geeky college boy that likes to take things nice and slow.” I roll my eyes before storming off in search of a drink.
Maybe these last few years at high school by myself has been a good thing, no one would have dared come near me with Jayden hanging around.
A few hours and no sign of Justin later and I am ready to go home, I search the party for Jayden hoping that he has left my friends alone, I wouldn’t put it past him to sleep with one of them, again. I find him outside on the porch, talking on the phone, what I hear intrigues me so I stop and listen.
“Mason, bro, you know I can’t come…my parents want me here for the summer…no! No, don’t come here, it’s boring here, you would hate it.” Well that’s interesting, he never once mentioned me. I lean against the doorframe with my arms crossed over my chest.
Jayden notices me a few seconds later and is quick to get off the phone. “Um, how long were you standing there?”
“Long enough,” I feel like I should be offended. “How come you didn’t mention me on the phone…and why don’t you want your friends to come here?”
He seems frustrated and rubs his hands over his face before he responds, “I didn’t mention you because I haven’t told anyone about you.”
“What the fuck Jayden?!” I’m instantly on edge, completely furious with this asshole standing right in front of me. I am his best friend in the whole fucking world and he’s hiding me?
That’s fucking bullshit.
“Look, it’s not what you think. My friends fuck anything with a pulse and you’re well…hot…they’re going to try and fuck you.” I stomp my foot like a child, he is such an idiot.
“Seriously? What the fuck is wrong with you? I’m going to meet them after the summer anyway when I start college, have you thought about that?” He pales, dumb shit obviously didn’t think this through.
“Fuck, you’re right,” he scratches his head, thinking. “Maybe you could buy some new clothes, cover up a bit more?” This is ridiculous. I’m going home and he can do whatever he wants.
This is the exact reason that I didn’t tell him about Justin, if I did, he would have beat his ass tonight. He has to realize that I’m going to have sex with people and he needs to drop the protective big brother act, it’s starting to piss me off.
Chapter 2
Eva
It’s halfway through the summer and even though Jayden had to spend it here with me and his family, instead of his friends, we have been having a great time. Our days are spent either lounging by the pool or travelling down to spend the day at the beach. Most nights we have been going out partying but some nights, like tonight, we don’t feel like doing anything.
Jayden and I are on the couch in the lounge watching a movie, well trying to watch a movie. Jayden keeps fidgeting and playing on his phone.
My parents are out for the night at yet another fundraiser…they do love their fundraisers. They always say that they are an integral part of being a business owner and that we should always help people less fortunate than ourselves.
I completely agree with that sentiment and normally I attend a lot of events with them, I actually should have gone with them tonight but I wanted to stay home with Jayden and order a pizza instead. I feel pretty guilty about not going and after getting yet another elbow in my side I’m regretting my choice to stay home even more.
“What are you doing? You know if you are texting a girl you can just tell me, right?” He has been in a really strange mood tonight.
“I’m not texting a girl,” he says all pissy. I really should have gone tonight, I want to spend time with my parents before I move away, I’m really going to miss them even though I will only be a short flight away.
“Then what are you doing?” I ask.
He sighs before answering me, “Just texting a mate.” Jayden starts to get agitated and moves around a bit more.
“Why does texting a mate make you so restless?” He looks very uncomfortable for just texting a mate.
“He wants to come for a visit,” he doesn’t make eye contact with me while he talks. I have told him a million times this summer that his friends were welcome here and that I wouldn’t sleep with any of them.
“So, what’s the big deal?” he gives me an odd look out of the corner of his eye.
“Um, I don’t think you will like him,” he says. Let me guess, because he has a penis and is attractive.
“Why not?” I ask, trying hard to sound as annoyed as I feel.
He continues to stare down at his phone and avoids looking in my eyes while he talks. “Just his father is…um, his dad runs…well…your families don’t exactly…”
I roll my eyes, “This is about business? Seriously?”
“Well yeah, with your parents being…I just thought that…you would be mad if…” I haven’t seen Jayden stumble over his words so much since he asked Missy Andrews to Prom.
“Jayden, if you are friends with this guy then I will like him, I don’t care who his parents are.” I desperately want Jayden to let me into his new world, I would hate to get to college and have him ignore me or shut me out.
“Okay, good…I should have known…” he sits up straighter and this time looks at me as he starts to explain, “You see when I first found out who he was I didn’t like him. I even got into a fight with him at a frat party, but then he just kept popping up in my classes and was hanging out with other guys I was friends with.” He keeps fidgeting with his phone like he is nervous and I’m starting to wonder where this story is going. “After a while I realized he was a cool guy and before you know it, I was friends with him, but I never talked about you and well I never told you I was friends with him.”
“Okay…this is getting weird, are you dating this guy or something,” that was the wrong thing to say.
“What? What the fuck Eva? You know I like chicks,” he states harshly. He is so easy to wind up, now he is even more agitated than before.
“I’m just saying, this story kinda seems like it’s going down that track.” He runs his hands through his hair, clearly frustrated and I smile, enjoying his discomfort.
“Fuck…okay…I will cut to the chase; his name is Mason Ha-” the doorbell rings and cuts off what he was about to say. I make my way over and before I even get there, it rings again.
“I’m coming!” It rings a third time just as I open the door and I come face to face with two male police officers. The younger one seems like a rookie; he is fiddling with his hat that he is holding in his hands and his eyes are darting around nervously. The older police officer just looks at me with a sad expression on his face, like he has made these kinds of house calls hundreds of times, “Can I help you?”
“Are you Miss Evangeline Van Der Woodson?” he asks. I wrack my brain trying to think of everything I have done so far this summer, trying to come up with some reason they could be here.
“Yes, what’s going on?” I really hope they aren’t here to arrest me for underage drinking or something.
“I’m Sergeant Walker and this is Officer Frank, I’m afraid we have some bad news,” he looks at me with pity in his eyes.
“Eva, is that the pizz-” Jayden cuts off what he was about to say as he comes up behind me and realizes there are police officers at the door. He must sense something bad is about to happen as he doesn’t say anything else, he just holds my hand in his and squeezes tightly.
The Sergeant clears his throat, “As I was saying, I’m afraid we have some bad news.”
“What is it?” my voice starts to tremble and Jayden takes his hand out of mine to put it around my shoulders.
“Your parents, Gregory and Jillian Van Der Woodson. Well, I’m sorry to say they have been involved in a car accident tonight.” What? No. “I’m sorry, but they didn’t make it.”
No.
NO.
“What do you mean? What are you talking about?” My voice is hysterical, I can feel Jayden’s grip around me getting stronger but I can’t hear anything he is saying. All I can focus on is the police officer and even then, I only make out a few words.
“A truck ran a red light-”
“Collision-”
“Your parents-”
“Died on impact-”
“I’m sorry-”
I’m sorry. 
Those words are the only ones that register before my world goes black.
Chapter 3
Eva
The last six weeks have been a blur between the hospital, the funeral, the…fuck. The funeral…I still can’t believe they are both gone.
Gone.
How is that even possible? They kissed me goodbye before they left, said they would see me later that night. I told my mother how beautiful she looked.
I was supposed to go with them.
I was supposed to be in the car with them.
I should have been there too.
In some ways, I wish I was.
I am so sick of fucking well-wishers; they can shove their thoughts and prayers up their ass. It doesn’t do fucking shit. And the baked goods. The fucking baked goods. If one more person drops off damn muffins, I am going to shove them down their throat.
One of the hardest things to deal with are the flowers, sure they look lovely when they are first dropped off. But now they have all wilted and died, I feel like they are a representation of my life at the moment. I can feel myself wilting, weighed down by the pressures of life and I’m just waiting to die.
Jayden left a few days ago to go back to Seattle, he didn’t want to but I knew he had to get ready for classes so I assured him I was fine and forced him on a plane.
Although, I’m not fine.
In fact, I’m far from it.
I have been staying with Jayden and his parents but since he left, I have spent the last few nights with my uncle. He has been great but he looks too much like my father, it’s hard to look him in eye.
I’m currently packing for college, fucking college, that’s the last thing I want to do but I’m going through the motions just like I should. Just like everyone expects of me.
I meet my uncle downstairs by the front door, he takes in my two suitcases and backpack before asking if I want to take anything else. “No, I just want to leave,” being here is hard, everywhere I look something reminds me of my parents.
It’s like I can’t find a minute’s peace from my suffering.
The drive to the airport is a silent one. I tell my uncle I would prefer to go in by myself, I can tell he disagrees with my choice but he wisely stays silent and pulls into the drop off bay.
I only shed a single tear as my uncle tells me how much he loves me and that I will always have a home with him. I’ve cried enough over the last six weeks and I’m fucking sick of it.
I’m sick of everything.
I barely remember waiting in line or walking up to the check in desk, I seem to do everything on auto pilot these days.
I hand over my ticket and ID and after a minute realize she has been speaking to me, “Sorry?”
“I said, checking in for a flight to Seattle?” she asks. She seems friendly enough but she annoys me, everyone has been annoying me lately.
I have this distinct urge to punch everyone in their happy faces.
“Ye-” for some reason the words get stuck in my throat. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t go to Seattle. I wasn’t ready, “What’s the next flight that’s leaving?”
“You mean to Seattle?” she asks. The attendant is now looking at me like I’m not all there and to be honest, I feel kind of crazy right now.
“No, I mean in general, to anywhere.” She seems taken aback by my question and pauses before she starts typing away on her keyboard.
“The next flight is leaving in 40 minutes,” she says and I decide to leave my life up to fate.
“Where to?” I will hop on this plane no matter where it takes me and I will start a new life there, away from regret, pain and people who remind me of my old life, of my parents.
“Mexico City,” she frowns as she answers but I grin.
“Perfect,” I feel like I can breathe for the first time in six weeks, “I’ll take it.”
Chapter 4
Eva
Seven Years Later…
“Eva.”
“Hmmm,” I look up, realizing that I drifted off…again.
Fraser laughs at me, “You’re tuning out again, am I that boring?”
“What, no, I just…never mind, what were you saying?” I need to pay more attention, this is important.
“I was saying…that we need to get a roster organized so we can start sorting out the volunteers, I have heaps of applications coming in.” I roll my eyes, this is his job, not mine.
“So, what does that have to do with me? You’re the one that’s in charge of the volunteers.” Fraser shakes his head at me. “What?” I ask. I don’t want him to be upset with me but I don’t want to talk about why I keep drifting off either.
It’s been seven years since I lost my parents and it still fucking hurts. Every time we start a new project, I get emotional, wondering whether they would approve of what I was doing with my life. If they would be proud of me.
“You know what,” he says and I do know what, that’s the problem. I just can’t be bothered with the new volunteers, give them to me after they have been through orientation and have been around a few days but straight off the bat, I just don’t have any patience for them. “You can…Eva, your project lead, I’m just trying to involve you.”
“I know you are and it’s sweet, but what have I been telling you for the last two years?” Sometimes I really regret taking that promotion, it was a lot easier being a yes man, or yes woman, in my case.
“That you don’t give a shit who comes or how they get here as long as there are people to help us work,” he replies in a monotone voice.
“Exactly…so I’ll leave you to it then,” with that sorted, I jump up and head back to my office.
Our base is in Cape Town, but we currently head up projects all over Africa. We both work for The Housing Project, it’s a not for profit charity created and run by The Lancaster Foundation. Susan, or Suzie as my mother called her, Lancaster was my mother’s best friend. Her grandfather, Alistair Lancaster created The Lancaster Foundation to help struggling families in America right after he started his own family. Over the years, different family members have started their own side projects, depending on what their passion is.
The Housing Project is Suzie’s baby, the first project she ever did was build a school down in Mexico. My mother went down to help out and was a strong supporter of the charity over her life. Suzie currently has bases all around the world working on projects of various scale.
The project I have been put in charge of this time is huge, it’s a little daunting but I can handle it, I think. Luckily, I have Fraser by my side for the whole thing.
Fraser has been my right-hand man for the last two years but we have known each other for almost seven years. I met him down in Mexico, not long after my parents passed away. I flew down to Mexico City six weeks after they died on a whim.
Jayden wasn’t very impressed that I hadn’t shown up in Seattle, neither was my uncle but at least he had the decency to tell me to be smart, be safe and to come home when I was ready. Jayden demanded – not so politely – to know where I was. When I wouldn’t tell him, he drove down to the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
I was lucky enough to be on the phone to him while he was demanding that they give him a ticket to where ever Evangeline Van Der Woodson was and it shouldn’t be that hard to track someone down. He was very close to getting arrested and my uncle had to pull a few favors to get him out of that one.
I had been in Mexico for around a week, just wandering around aimlessly, trying and failing to be a normal tourist. I had stopped at Eduardo’s Place yet again for lunch, it was a good place to eat and being right next to where I stayed, made it handy when I wanted to get a drink at night.
Eduardo, the owner was an older guy with greying hair and a big belly but had a kind smile. I remember him asking me if I was lost, and not in the sense of being lost without a map, I had no idea how to respond to him, so he asked me if I wanted a job.
I had never had a real job before, my family was extremely well off and there had never been any reason for me to work while growing up and my parents wanted me to focus on school. Now, however, I welcomed the distraction.
Fraser was the bartender at the time and ended up showing me the ropes, he seemed lost himself and we instantly became friends. He was nearing the end of his gap year and still hadn’t made his mind up about what to do next, we worked there together for three months and it was exactly what I needed.
I still kept in contact with Uncle Dennis, Jayden – although he was still pestering me about where I was – and a few other friends. However, I had been avoiding phone calls from Douglas Harrington ever since I left the States.
Fucking Douglas Harrington.
He came to my parent’s funeral and as soon as he came over to speak to me, my uncle was just as quick to tell him to fuck off. I had never seen my uncle lose it that quickly at someone and he never did give me the full story, just told me to stay as far away from him as I could and to never ever sell any part of the company to him, no matter how small. It was a strange request but I trusted my uncle so I gave him my word.
The next day I got an offer from Douglas about buying my parents company from me. You see, I was the sole heir to their empire and that meant that everyone now wanted a piece of me.
That was part of the reason I took off to Mexico, Uncle Dennis knew I was getting offers from people but didn’t know to what extent. They were like vultures. The only person who persisted though was good old Douglas Harrington.
After working at Eduardo’s Place for three months that fucker just showed up one day with a contract. Told me he would give me a fair price and that I wouldn’t have to work a single day for the rest of my life.
He wouldn’t tell me how he tracked me down and that pissed me off, even Jayden couldn’t find me. He was persistent and when he told me it would have been what my mother wanted for me, I tossed a drink in his face and told him to get fucked.
I have never seen someone so livid in all my life. His face went bright red and his eyebrow did this weird twitchy thing. I hate to admit it but he scared me, I knew there were some bad people in my father’s industry and I had a feeling this man was one of them.
After that incident, I rang my uncle, told him where I was and asked him to come see me.
I signed over the company to him, just like that. He still left me as the actual owner of everything but he became the acting CEO, which meant that all decisions would be made through him and hopefully I would be left the hell alone. I was still weary of Douglas, so to be on the safe side I started going by Eva Donahue, which was my mother’s maiden name. I figured he wouldn’t be able to track me down if Evangeline Van Der Woodson no longer existed.
It also gave me a sense of being someone new, someone different and that was exactly what I needed.
I needed a new life, a new identity, a chance to start over.
The day my uncle left, he told me that Suzie was running a new project down in Chiapas through The Housing Project and if I wanted, he could get me a volunteer spot.
I asked for two.
Fraser and I have been with The Lancaster Foundation ever since. We worked in Central and South America for a long time before moving to Africa. We were a part of various projects for The Foundation but The Housing Project was where my heart belonged, just like Suzie, just like my mom.
I couldn’t see myself doing anything else.
Chapter 5
Mason
My feet pound the pavement as I push myself to run faster. My thoughts keep going back to my conversation with my father first thing this morning. I always knew he was an asshole but this, this takes the cake.
He wants me to marry Aletta, fucking Aletta Allerton.
What kind of a name is that any way? 
Her father is Edward Allerton, he and my father have been business associates for years and now they want to combine their empire. Combine their empire and leave everything to one heir.
My child. Fuck, our child.
There is no way I want to even stick my dick in Aletta, let alone have a fucking child with her.
Fuck my life.
This is the worst thing he has ever asked me to do.
The first time I met Aletta was a few years into college on one of my breaks, I had come home at my father’s request and I quickly figured out the reason behind that request, or should I say demand. My father doesn’t ask for anything.
Aletta Allerton.
My first impression of her was that she was nice enough, long blonde hair, blue eyes, make up done to perfection although a little heavy, nice tits and a perky ass. I thought she was like me, along for the ride because of our fathers. But the moment we were first left alone, she dropped to her knees and started sucking my dick. She knew what she was doing too, like a fucking vacuum.
I soon learnt that she was one of her father’s business tools, fucking the competition into submission. The thought made me sick. I could tell my father wanted us to be together even then but he seemed to let it go after I told him I wasn’t into her, or so I thought.
Seven years later and he wants me to fucking marry that bitch.
Over the years she has sucked my dick countless times, always trying to get to me like she does with everyone else. Although I’m not like everyone else, I refuse to stick my dick inside her.
She has tried countless times and it’s getting annoying, coming to work and having her sprawled out on my desk naked with her legs spread wide open doesn’t turn me on, it just pisses me the fuck off…and gives my poor assistant nightmares. She now waits for me to check my office and give the all clear before she will set foot inside, poor Alice.
Before I know it, I have run ten miles and I still don’t feel any better. I realize I’m close to the Seattle Waterfront so I turn and make my way towards The Waterfront Bar & Grill, the place is owned by one of my good friends, Jayden. I know he will be there as he is always there, aside from the fact that he lives upstairs he spends most of his time down in the restaurant and right now I could use a friend…and maybe a drink.
I walk through the front door, ignoring the closed sign and see Jayden sitting at one of the tables along with his best friend Alex and my best friend Kyle.
Those fuckers are having breakfast and they didn’t invite me? “Where was my invite? I could use some breakfast,” and at this stage I would probably take a bullet too.
Jayden looks up and rolls his eyes, “I didn’t invite these two idiots either but here they are.”
Kyle tries to speak but I can’t understand a word he is saying with his mouth full of bacon.
We have been best friends since high school, inseparable really, more like brothers. I’m an only child but Kyle has a younger sister Sophie and a younger brother Ethan. I loved going over to their place as a kid, it wasn’t a cold museum like my house, it was alive with noise and chaos and I loved it. I spent more time with his family than I did with my own.
After graduation, I knew I was going to the University of Washington, it wasn’t really a choice for me, my father went there so I had to go there too. But for Kyle, he had a choice and I thank my lucky stars every day that he chose to stick by me and attend there as well.
It ended up being a good plan, as we would often go home to his parent’s place for dinner and conveniently get our washing done at the same time. We’re similar in height and appearance, both having dark hair and dark eyes so we often get mistaken for brothers and I wish I was a part of his family for real. The main difference between us is that he is of a much skinnier build than I am, a fact that I like to remind him about on a regular basis, “Trying to bulk up Kyle?”
“Fuck you Mason,” he barely looks up, still shoving his breakfast into his mouth.
Jayden apologizes to the waitress who is busy trying to set up for the morning and asks her to bring out another plate of food.
Just then the door opens again, “Uh, better make that two, thanks Beth.” She looks annoyed until she sees who has walked through the door.
“Well, if it isn’t Cage Matthews, superstar extraordinaire.” Alex always enjoys hassling Cage. Straight after College, he was drafted into the NFL and was lucky enough to be able to stay in Seattle, since then he has become the teams star quarterback.
“You know it! Now, where’s my free breakfast,” his statement is accompanied with his trademark smirk. Cage has a shaved head and is covered in tatts but that just adds to his appeal, or so says all the chicks that are always hanging all over him. Fucker doesn’t touch any of them though, apparently desperate isn’t his thing and he has standards. Whatever.
“Where’s your usual entourage?” Alex is still at it. Jayden and Alex were roommates their freshman year, I had a few classes with Alex and that’s how I met Jayden, I don’t know why he hated me when we first met but he did. It took a while for him to come around but I’m glad he did, otherwise I wouldn’t have such great friendships with both Alex and himself.
“They’re all still asleep, wore them out last night,” Cage says. There is no way that statement is true and we all know it; he is a picky bastard.
I tune out to the conversation going around me when our food gets dropped off, I say thank you to the waitress then just sit and eat, ignoring the others. I’m not really in the mood for their shit today.
Kyle must sense my mood because he is the first to comment on it, although I don’t hear it so that earns me a shove.
“Dude, what the fuck?” he just made me spill my scrambled eggs all over the damn place.
“I said…what’s with you today, not getting enough pussy?” Try the wrong fucking pussy.
“It’s not the lack of pussy,” fuck, I even sound depressed.
“Then what is it?” Jayden asks. I look up at him after he speaks, then I look around at all my other friends and think fuck it, they will all find out eventually.
“My dad is trying to force me to marry Aletta,” I sit back and watch as the shit storm unfolds.
“WHAT?!”
“Seriously?”
“Dude, that’s fucked up.”
“Why? She’s a fucking crazy bitch.”
All the guys start talking at once and it makes me thankful I have them in my life. I had a similar reaction when my dad laid it on me but he thought I was overreacting.
Chapter 6
Mason
After leaving the guys mind blown down at the restaurant, I still feel edgy so I hit the gym for a few hours then get supplies for tonight. The guys decided that we needed a boy’s night, or just that I needed one.
They want to come up with a plan that gets me out of marrying Aletta and still keeps my father happy, I know there isn’t a plan in the world that will get me out of this one but I like their enthusiasm.
That man has been controlling my every move my entire life and is always ten steps ahead of everyone else. He doesn’t do anything that isn’t well thought out and part of some bigger scheme.
As I’m shopping, my mind drifts back to our very one-sided conversation this morning.
“You summoned me,” it’s not wise to be a smartass to my father but I can’t help it, he’s an asshole.
“Sit down.” He eye balls me from above his paper to make sure I sit down then he continues to read, making me wait, and wait, and wait.
I have been down this road many times before and I know if I get impatient and speak, he will make me stay there longer, so I wait. Eventually he folds his paper and places it down on his desk before looking me square in the eyes.
“You will marry Aletta Allerton.” His face is completely serious but this has to be some kind of a joke.
“Come again?” The fuck is this shit?
“You will marry Aletta Allerton,” his face starts to turn red, a sure sign he is getting angry.
“The fuck?” shit, that was the wrong thing to say. My father has earned a reputation for being a ruthless businessman, acquiring new companies under questionable circumstances and often forceful means.
He has gotten less intimidating the older I have gotten, at fifty-eight his hair is more silver than black and his face has aged dramatically with the pressures of a high stress job but he’s still a well-built man.
Fortunately for me, I’m bigger.
I grew out of receiving beatings when I turned fourteen, I had a growth spurt and finally gained the courage to hit back.
My father stood there looking down at me before he smiled, and with his teeth covered in blood he said, ‘congratulations, you’re a man now, took you long enough.’ That was the last day I received a beating for something I did wrong but that sure as hell wasn’t the last time he tried to control my life.
From what college I attended, to the girls he wanted me to date, to my position in his ever-growing empire, he had my whole life mapped out and he didn’t give a fuck what I wanted.
Shit, but marrying Aletta? That was next level crazy.
“I mean, why would you want me to marry Aletta?” Play it cool, just play it cool, do not lose your temper.
“I want to acquire her father’s holdings and the only way I can do that is with a merger and the only way a merger will happen, is if you marry his daughter.” That doesn’t seem like a good enough reason to me.
“But why me?” Shit, my father doesn’t like to waste words and I pretty much just asked him to repeat himself, but really? Aletta?
The look he gives me says it all so I try again, “What I mean to say is, why Aletta? She has a pretty solid reputation as a slut and all the other girls you have pushed me towards over the years give off a certain wholesome vibe. I thought you wanted me to marry someone more like mom?” and what I mean by that, is a push over that can be controlled and manipulated but is a brilliant actor in public.
He clears his throat, “I am well aware of Aletta’s reputation.” Yeah, he has most likely fucked her, gross, he expects me to marry his leftovers? “Edward seems to think that Aletta’s tarnished reputation can be salvaged if she marries the right person, settles down…has a family.” WHAT?! I can’t have heard that right, surely not.
“What do you mean by family?” I’m starting to sweat; I wipe my forehead and try to stop my knee from bouncing up and down and drawing attention.
“A family means a child, surely even you cannot be that dense. Edward thinks having an heir, a male heir I might add, will mean that he gets a piece of my empire, the fool.” Of course, he has to be one step ahead of the game at every turn. There is always some bigger, master plan behind all of his actions.
A child.
A baby.
With Aletta?
Fuck. That. Shit.
Play it cool, one issue at a time. I can’t have a baby with her if I don’t marry her in the first place.
“No.” I barely even manage to keep my cool uttering that one tiny word. My voice is starting to shake. I can’t show weakness in front of this man.
“You will do as I say,” my father practically growls the words out.
“Fuck no, I am not marrying that bitch.” If looks could kill, I would be a bloody mess on the floor right now, my father is far past irate, his face is turning red and his left eye is twitching, that was always a tell-tale sign when I was younger that I was about to get my ass kicked. But I’m not backing down on this.
“You WILL marry ALETTA!” Great, now he’s shouting, he has to be pretty worked up to lose his cool.
“What about Stephanie Chancellor? Maggie Greenwich? You were on my case about dating either one of them just last year.” I would take anyone over Aletta, she makes my skin crawl.
“No, it has to be Aletta.” What the fuck is he up to here?
“Isn’t there someone else? Anyone else?” I’m grasping at straws here, I don’t want to marry someone at all but if I have to, anyone is better than Aletta fucking Allerton. I figured he would never let me marry for love but this is bullshit.
“Unless you can track down Evangeline Van Der Woodson, then no, there is no one else.” I perk up, thinking this might be my way out.
“Who?” my father looks at me like I’m an idiot.
“Gregory Van Der Woodson’s daughter,” he states. Fuck, that’s not an option.
“Oh,” there is no way I would bring her into this, I’ve never met her but she disappeared off the face of the earth seven years ago after her parents were killed in a car accident.
My father has always had a weird hatred for Gregory and his wife Jillian, he went to their fucking funeral just to try and purchase their company off their only heir, an 18-year-old girl.
I can only imagine how that went down, poor fucking girl.
“For the last time, you will marry Aletta, do not make me repeat myself…again.” This is not happening.
“And if I don’t?” what can be worse than marrying Aletta?
That seems to calm him down a bit, then he smirks, uh oh. “If you chose not to marry Aletta, then you will be fired from the company, you will be cut off and I will remove your rights to both your trust funds.”
“What the fuck! You can’t do that to me, that trust was set up for me by MY grandfather, you have nothing to do with that.” That money isn’t even from his side of the family. It’s obvious that I would lose my right to the trust he set up for me but he has no right to fuck with the trust that my grandfather set up for me. I need that money.
I can’t live without that money.
“I know I don’t, but your mother does,” fuck, he has this all planned out.
“Fine, go ahead and fire me, cut me off, I don’t give a fuck, anything is better than marrying Aletta, I won’t do it.” No fucking way.
“What do you think you will do after you are fired from the company?” he asks. Fucking anything, I don’t really care.
“Get another job, what the fuck do you think I’m going to do?”Tthere are tons of places in the city that would hire me on the spot.
“I’m not sure who you expect will hire you, after all you have been stealing money from the company for years and your spending habits while on company time have been very questionable.” His halfcocked grin is pure malice.
Again, the fuck? “Are you blackmailing me?” I’m part shaking mad and part freaked the fuck out about what will come out of his mouth next, I need to get out of here.
“Of course, not son.” That evil look is back in his eyes, he thinks he’s won, well, he’s wrong.
“Fuck you, I’m still not doing it.” I stand to leave and when he doesn’t say anything further, I make my way to the door.
“Do not forget son, that your apartment, your vehicle, your shares, everything, is tied up in your trust.” Fuck me. I freeze. My blood feels like it has been turned to ice and I swear every hair on my body is standing on its end. I’m glad my back is to him as I think I’m going to be sick. I can feel the color draining from my face. I feel numb.
Fuck. Is he serious?
“I will have your final answer tomorrow, you are dismissed.”
I don’t remember walking to my car.
I don’t remember driving home.
All I do know, is that I’m fucked.
Chapter 7
Eva
This newest project Fraser and I are working on will be based in Eswatini, also known as Swaziland. Neither of us have ever been but I have heard it will be a lot safer than the places we are used to going, which will be a nice change of pace.
We will be going to a small rural village that is about a two-hour drive outside of Simunye. Simunye itself is actually doing quite well because of the local sugar mill. As a result, more and more people are trying to find work within the sugar industry. This particular village has grown due to new sugar cane fields being planted; however, the village people are living in shacks and the closest school is about half a day’s walk away. Water quality is poor and disease is becoming rampant.
The idea is to build a school, small health clinic, a church, local gathering hall which will also act as temporary accommodation for our volunteers and about fifty small houses. A few of those houses will be used by a small number of staff during the build and then hopefully will be used by teachers and visiting doctors in the future.
Fraser and I have separate offices in Cape Town but one of us normally gravitates towards the others office as we work better together.
“How are you getting on with Jabu?” Jabulani or Jabu as he prefers to be called is our go to person in Simunye, he is helping to coordinate everything on the ground before we get there. He has decided to help with a lot of the build and will act as a translator.
The hall needs to be completed before the first lot of volunteers arrive and our accommodation also needs to be finished so we have somewhere to stay. We will probably be commuting from Simunye for the first few days, maybe a week until everything is ready.
There is so much to do and organize, I’m feeling a lot of pressure with this one, this is the biggest project that myself and The Housing Project have undertaken. Saying I feel overwhelmed is an understatement.
“Good, he confirmed that the first lot of containers and trucks arrived with the building supplies for the hall and the staff accommodation. Luckily, there are some people in the village who are keen to help out, a few even have building experience which is a plus. They should be able to start construction next week, Neil and Patrick are going to travel out early to make sure everything runs smoothly,” he is concentrating on his paperwork as he speaks.
“Good, sounds like you have everything under control,” I need this to go well, I’m feeling a lot of pressure with how big this job is. Failing isn’t really an option, I have a lot of people counting of me.
“Yeah, for now at least.” He gives me the side eye, prick, he knows I’m stressed out over this.
“Have all the volunteer spots filled up?” Volunteers are crucial to this project and we need all the help we can get.
“There are a few spots still available towards the end of the project but I’m expecting those to fill up.” That’s not too bad, it’s a long project so at least we have time.
“Good,” he looks nervous all of a sudden. Fraser never looks nervous, “What is it?”
“Oh, um,” he clears this throat. “Maria is helping out on this project.”
“Yes, I know, I hired her.” I tried to hold back my smile but fail miserably. Fraser has had a crush on Maria since he met her a few years ago. She was a volunteer for the very first project we ran together in Africa.
“Right,” he won’t look me in the eye. What is he up to? “So, there will be five staff and three separate staff houses that sleep two each.” Oh, I see. He wants to room with Maria. This should be fun.
“Correct,” I lean back in my chair, assuming a position of authority.
“Patrick and Neil will be rooming together I presume?” That’s an easy presumption seeing as they are a couple.
“Of course,” I nod, confirming what we both already know.
“So, um…what are the other rooming arrangements?” he starts fidgeting with his pen.
“Well, you will get a room and Maria and I will get a room. I thought that was kind of obvious,” it’s hard not to laugh at him. Poor guy has it bad.
“So, you and Maria will share a room?” He is way too disappointed than he should be and I start to feel bad, but messing with him is kind of fun.
“Not necessarily,” his head snaps up, his expression is hopeful but distrusting.
“But you said you and Maria will get a room,” normally he is quick to pick up on my word games.
“I did,” he is so confused and it’s hilarious.
“Doesn’t that mean you will get a room together?” Poor Fraser, maybe I should stop messing with him.
“The rooms don’t contain bunk beds, no one will be sharing a room,” I state. I can’t help it, a small chuckle breaks through my cool façade.
“Fuck you Eva, you know what I mean,” he is pouting now.
“Yes, I do, but I want you to ask for it.” I smirk, maybe I can mess with him for a little while longer.
“You want me to say I want to share a place with Maria?” his face is stern, his lips pressed together tightly.
“Yes,” I say. He huffs twice and I grin.
“Fine, may I pretty please share a place with Maria so that I get the chance to bang her,” his smile is devilish.
“Ewww,” fucking Fraser, he can be so crude sometimes.
“What? You were the one who wanted me to say it!” Now it’s his turn to laugh at me. The idiot.
“Yes, you can share a place or room with Maria, you know I prefer to be on my own anyway. I just have one condition,” I wasn’t finished messing with him just yet.
“Name it,” he is so serious. He must like Maria more than I thought.
“I get to be maid of honor at your wedding,” he pales.
“Har fucking har,” he stands up, ready to leave, “Good one Eva.”
“I thought so…so do we have a deal?” My smile is huge, I love fucking with him.
On his way out I hear him mutter, “Yeah, we have a fucking deal.”
Chapter 8
Mason
The guys are due over in an hour and I can’t sit still, I keep replaying the conversation with my father over and over again in my head, I need a distraction.
I grab my laptop and start looking at YouTube videos but not really paying attention to anything. As my mind wanders, I bring up Google. My fingers start typing in Evangeline Van Der Woodson before my mind catches up. Fuck. I slam my laptop shut.
I’m not that desperate. Am I?
Luckily, I’m saved from my thoughts by a knock on the door, I live in one of those luxury apartment buildings in Downtown Seattle. The place is far too big for just me but I live on the top floor and have incredible views over Seattle and the Puget Sound. I love my view of the Olympic Mountains, it’s one of the main reasons I got this apartment in particular. I brought this place fully furnished straight out of college; I couldn’t wait to start living on my own.
I loved living with Kyle but the guys a slob and as my father pointed out this morning, I was just dumb enough to go with his advice and tie all my assets up with my trust. Tax benefits my ass, I should have known better and if I wasn’t in such a hurry to start living my life, I probably would have figured it out.
He obviously had plans even back then to use this place against me, I wouldn’t mind leaving this place so much as I would miss the lifestyle. I have never known anything else and my father made damn sure I was used to living a luxurious lifestyle.
How would I get on with having nothing? Where would I go? What would I do for a job? Who would even hire me if my father actually went through with his threats?
“Open the fucking door Mason!” Kyle hasn’t even knocked yet and is already bitching at me.
“Yeah, yeah, keep your panties on,” I can always count on Kyle and the boys for a good laugh when I’m feeling like shit. That’s what I’m hoping for tonight, good beers, good laughs and hopefully a good fuck.
Three hours, half a dozen beers and who knows how many shots later, we are sitting at a VIP table in, fuck, I don’t even know where we are. All I do know, is that I have a good buzz going and there is a lot of smoking hot pussy in here to choose from tonight.
“I know, I know!” Kyle starts yelling to be heard over the music.
“You don’t know shit, shut the fuck up!” I’m not even sure who said that but I have to agree.
“Nah, nah superstar I have the perfect idea.” Cage rolls his eyes; he hates being called superstar.
“Alright, let’s hear it!” Jayden is about the drunkest one here and loves to pump Kyle up when he gets a hair brained idea.
“Mason can go on a vacation,” Kyle is grinning like he is a fucking genius.
“A vacation?” What the actual fuck? “Kyle, how the fuck is a vacation going to help me?”
“It will give you time to get another idea,” and here I thought the guy actually had a brain.
“Brilliant man, fucking brilliant,” I reply while slow clapping. He beams, like my answer wasn’t totally sarcastic.
“Hang on, he might have an idea.” Alex is normally the smartest one of the bunch. I think he’s had one too many shots.
“Seriously?” I ask, he can’t actually agree with Kyle.
“Yeah man, totally serious,” he leans forward getting wrapped up in this stupid as fuck idea. “But not a vacation as such, like a, like an extended spring break.”
“Spring break, are you high?” How is that a better idea than a vacation? Or any different?
“Nah, nah…I’m not getting this out right,” no shit. “You know at spring break, like you get a week to party, fuck chicks, basically make a fool out of yourself for a week and nobody cares.” Where the fuck is this going? “Then after it’s over you go back to being serious about school.”
“YESSSS!” Fucking Kyle.
“Yeah, man you get it!” Alex is beaming.
“Fuck yeah, I get it,” they start high fiving like moron’s while I’m still sitting here trying to work out what the fuck just happened?
“So, what? You think I should go back to school?” I don’t follow at all.
“No, you fucking moron,” Alex says. Really? I’m the moron? “You ask your dad for a spring break but you know adult style?”
“Adult style?” I’m still not getting it.
“Yeah, adult style. You get a break from life, get to do whatever the fuck you want, disappear, join a cult, whatever! After you’re finished, you come home. And…well, you marry Aletta,” he cringes, “I can’t really see a way out of that one, but at least it will be on your terms.” Fuck, that’s not actually a half bad idea.
“Yeah, your father will fucking hate that! It’s perfect,” I chuckle under my breath. Fucking Jayden, he is all for anything that will fuck my father over. I think he hates the guy almost as much as I do.
“Okay, okay…that’s not a bad idea. So, what? Say I want a week off before I agree to marry Aletta?” That sounds easy enough.
“Nah man, a YEAR!” Kyle is standing up now, too excited over the idea to sit still.
“A year? Fuck off, my dad will never go for a year.” I don’t think he would even give me a week.
“Says who? Just ask him!” Just ask him? I guess it wouldn’t hurt to try. I mean, what do I have to lose?
Just then a chick decides to make her way over, she has been eye fucking me from the dance floor for most of the night.
“Fine. I’ll ask him,” I finish off my beer and stand up, “I’m out.” The guys all look like they are about to protest until the blonde puts her arm on mine and starts whispering naughty things in my ear.
My night is finally starting to look up.
***
We bust through my apartment door and her hands are all over me, they were already all over me in the cab ride here but this time they go straight down my pants and she fists my cock.
I’m not fully hard yet as there’s something about her I’m not really into but that doesn’t seem to stop her. We make our way over to the couch, her ripping my clothes off as we go. I take a seat and watch her attempt at a strip tease that is anything but sexy.
“Where do you want me baby?” Fuck, I love a chick who’s willing to please.
“On your knees,” I demand. She wastes no time at all dropping to her knees and taking my full cock in her mouth, all the way to the back of her throat, “Fuck.”
“You like that?” she teases.
“Yeah, but stop talking,” I hate talkers. I would rather she shut the fuck up and kept sucking my dick.
Like a good girl she gets back to it, pumping up and down on my cock like it’s a fucking lollypop and her hands are playing with my balls.
Fuck it feels good.
This is exactly what I need.
Then it hits me, the blonde hair, the makeup, the fake tits, fake everything, reminds me of Aletta.
Fuck.
I’m watching her go to town on my dick and all I can think is, this will be my life…with Aletta.
I push her back slightly and she looks like she’s about to argue until she sees me pull a condom out of a drawer next to the couch.
She starts giggling like she won a prize. I roll the condom on then bring her up on the couch, she tries to kiss me but I turn her over so her stomach is flush with the couch, I grab her hips pulling them up high at the same time I slam into her, filling her up all the way to the hilt.
“Ahhhhhhh, YES!” great, she’s at it again. I push her front half down so her face is lying in the couch cushions. That should muffle her screams and without seeing her face I’m less reminded of Aletta.
I continue to slam into her from behind, willing my body to get the release it craves, the distraction it sorely needs. I keep pounding into her hard and fast, over and over again, my hands gripping her hips, pulling her backwards and forwards.
I can feel her pussy start to contract around me so I put my hand between her legs and give her clit a couple of quick flicks. That does it.
She’s coming around my dick, screaming into my pillow and I can feel her wetness slide over my balls before they tighten. I find my release seconds later, slowly pumping until I’m satisfied that I have released every drop.
Once I’m done, I pull out and stand up. She flips over, looking up at me with a very satisfied smile on her face.
“Thanks for tonight,” I say.
“I can stay, if you want another round,” fuck. I’m sick of chicks like this, once they realize you have money, they think you can become their next meal ticket through sex.
“No thanks, there’s a bathroom down the hall, lock up on your way out.” I turn and start walking in the opposite direction to where I pointed, hoping she will get the hint. Most girls do but some, some like to think they’re special.
I walk into my own bathroom, get rid of the condom in the trash and grab a quick shower, turning the water up as hot as I can handle it. The fact that she reminded me of Aletta makes my skin crawl and I scrub my body until I feel raw, paying special attention to my dick.
Once I’m satisfied that I’ clean enough, I jump out and wrap a towel around my hips. As I exit the bathroom, I’m a little worried that I might find that chick on my bed but thankfully, she took the hint and left.
I grab a pair of clean undies out of my dresser and put them on before throwing my towel towards the bathroom, I’ll pick that up tomorrow. I slide under the covers and take a few deep, calming breaths before willing sleep to take me.
***
I wake up suddenly to the sound of my phone ringing. I raise my head only to fall back down on my pillow. Fuck. I haven’t been this hungover in a long time. My head is pounding and my mouth feels about as dry as the Sahara Desert.
Thankfully the sound stops.
Only to start back up again.
Who the fuck is trying to call me?
Shit. My father. Fuck. In my haste to get out of bed, my feet tangle in the sheets and I fall to the ground with a thud.
“Hmpf,” I lie there for a few seconds in a daze before remembering my predicament and jump to my feet. I walk around my apartment in a daze following the sound. Where the hell is my phone?
Finally, I find it underneath the couch. How the hell did it get under there?
“Hello,” I try to keep my voice as natural as possible.
“What took you so long to answer the damn phone,” my father is barking down the line which isn’t helping the pounding in my head.
“I-” I barely manage to get a squeak out before he is interrupting me.
“I don’t have time for your excuses. You were supposed to be here half an hour ago and now I only have five minutes before I need to leave for a meeting. Your incompetence astounds me.” I roll my eyes. Looks like we are off to a good start.
“What’s your answer?” wasting no time I see.
“Um-” I’m so hungover that it’s hard to come up with a response.
“Hurry up! I don’t have all damn day,” fuck, what do I say?
“Yes, on one condition.” The words come out in a rush. I’m afraid that once my father hears the word ‘yes’, I won’t be able to get another word in.
I’m hopeful when he takes a moment before responding.
“Alright, I’ll humor you. What’s this condition of yours?” He’ll humor me? Fucking controlling bastard.
“I will marry Aletta…but first, I want some time off, some time to myself. Without you or Aletta or anyone else around to tell me what to do or interfering with my life.” I hold my breath, waiting for his reply.
“That sounds reasonable,” huh? Is he on crack?
“I want a year,” a year to myself would be amazing. I might never come back.
“HA!” that’s more like the reaction I was expecting, “I will give you a week.”
“No way. Six months,” bargaining with my father almost never works but he must really want this marriage to go ahead. I wonder, not for the first time, if there is more to it.
“Two weeks,” he’s barely negotiating, fucking hard ass.
“Dad, I know you don’t give a fuck about me but I need this. Please,” great. Now I sound like a pussy. I don’t make a habit out of asking my father for favors and now I am practically on my knees begging.
“Three months,” the words are said so quietly I almost don’t hear them.
“What?” I’m afraid to speak in case he changes his mind.
“You heard, boy. Don’t play dumb with me. You get three months and not a day more.” I’m about to respond when all I hear is the dial tone. He hung up on me.
That doesn’t matter though because I have three months. Three months to…shit, what am I going to do for the next three months?
Chapter 9
Mason
I’m sitting on the couch, completely focused on my laptop that’s sitting on the coffee table. It was on my lap but my knee was bouncing so much I couldn’t see much of anything on the screen. The TV is on but I have no idea what’s playing, I turned it on as a distraction but it’s not working.
Where the fuck is Kyle? He was supposed to be here two hours ago. Just then the front door slams open, “I got it!” Bloody Kyle, always talking in riddles.
“What do you got? It sure as hell ain’t a watch,” I’m pissed off and agitated and I’m taking it out on him.
“Oh, don’t be like that man. You know I got your back. I was out getting supplies,” that sounds promising.
“Okay, what did you bring?” I look down at his hands as he walks into the room, they’re empty.
“Umm, nothing,” he gives me a sheepish smile, like that will stop me from kicking his ass. “But I did have a great idea,” I sigh.
“What’s this great idea then,” this ought to be good. I try to reframe from rolling my eyes.
“You need a fake passport,” he says and by the look on his face I can tell he thinks his idea is brilliant.
“A fake passport? You’re serious?” Apart from that being highly illegal, where the hell does he expect me to get one from? It’s not like I can jump on eBay and buy one.
“Yes,” the look on his face is completely serious.
“Okay, first of all, why the hell would I need a fake passport? And second, how would I even get one?” I decide to humor him for a second.
“Just stop interrupting and I will tell you,” I roll my eyes, I didn’t interrupt him. “If you travel with your own passport, your father will keep tabs on you. He will send people to spy on you. Hell, he will probably even send chicks to fuck you so he can know what you are up to,” damn, he has a point. “Buuuutttt…If you travel on a fake passport. He will have no idea where you have gone. It will drive him insane!” Okay, so that’s not a half bad plan.
“I admit. It’s a great idea. But how do I get one?” I know people get fake passports all the time in the movies but I’m not sure it’s actually a real thing.
“That’s why I was late. I went to see Alex.” Alex? Last time I checked Alex wasn’t a criminal mastermind.
“So, what? Is Alex in the fake passport business now?” my voice is dripping with sarcasm.
“No, but he has a shady friend who is,” what? “He rung him while I was there. He can make you an urgent one and have it ready by tomorrow. We just need to give him photo, a name and…twenty grand.”
“TWENTY GRAND?!” Is he for real? “Is that a joke?”
“No, it’s not a joke man. Besides, that’s nothing for you. I know you have some money stashed away around here in case of emergencies.” He’s right, I do. “And this is definitely an emergency.”
“Fine. I’m in. But I better not get in trouble. I’m not spending my three months of freedom in jail,” this plan better fucking work.
“Pretty sure it would be more than three months in jail if you were caught.” I reach over to hit the bastard but he is gone before I can reach him, “I’ll get the camera.”
We get a photo taken which is easy enough, then sit down to work out a name.
“Alfalfa,” he is clearly excited over this idea as he is yelling each idea out. I however, am less than thrilled with his suggestions.
“Like the sprout?” he can’t be serious.
“Bernard,” he shouts.
“Am I fifty?” it’s like he’s not even trying.
“Chucky,” like the fucking doll?
“Can, you take this seriously?” I stand up and start pacing the length of the lounge. Coming up with a fake name shouldn’t be that hard.
I tune out Kyle and his other stupid suggestions, glancing up at the TV where Jason Bourne is kicking ass. Man, I wish I could be like him. I bet he would never agree to marry Al-, wait, that’s it.
“Jason Bourne!” this time it’s my turn to shout.
“Yes, it’s on TV, great. But we need a name,” he looks exasperated.
“No, I can be Jason Bourne,” I point to the TV.
“You want your fake name to be Jason Bourne?” he’s looking at me like I’m the idiot. How is my suggestion worse than any of his?
“Yeah, what’s wrong with that?” at least it’s a normal name.
“Don’t you think it will make the security staff at the airport a little suspicious?” Oh, I hadn’t thought of that. Kyle stands up and starts making his way to the door with an evil smile on his lips. “Just leave it with me man, you know I got your back.” Then he is running, literally running to my front door. The traitor. I go to race after him but then realize I still don’t have anywhere to go.
I need a plan and fast.
***
The next morning, I am no closer to figuring out a destination but I need to ring my assistant Alice to let her know I won’t be in for a while.
“Good morning, Alice speaking,” she answers after the first ring.
“Alice, I know my name shows up on your screen, I told you a hundred times, you don’t have to be so formal with me.” She is damn good at her job and I would be lost without her help, I try to keep her happy so she won’t quit on me. Although I wouldn’t blame her if she did.
“Sorry, habit. What can I do for you on this fine Sunday?” Sunday? Damn.
“Shit, sorry Alice,” calling her on a fucking weekend. Good one.
“That’s alright. What is it? Is this about Aletta?” her voice is soft, testing my reaction.
“How do you know about Aletta?” it’s like she’s a mind reader.
She sounds hesitant to answer, “Your father rang me yesterday, said if I wanted to keep my job then I had to act like you and Aletta getting married wasn’t a big surprise. That, the two of you have been secretly dating for months and are in love,” what a fucking dick.
“Alice…I’m so sorry,” I really am. Alice is a great girl. I don’t want to lose her as an assistant, or get her fired because of me.
“That’s okay, I was offered a nice bonus in return for keeping my mouth shut. A trip to the Bahamas also wouldn’t hurt,” she says and I chuckle. I like that she is real with me. Not many people outside of my circle of friends are.
“Done,” I pause, not sure how to say the rest. “Alice, I’m going to be away for three months, I-”
“Don’t say anything more, the less I know the better. You know your father likes to grill me for information and he can be scary,” I can practically see her shuddering down the line.
“I’m sorr-” she interrupts me before I can finish apologizing, my father really is a prick.
“Don’t mention it and have fun. Oh, but before you go, I need to know this year’s charity fund that you want to donate to.” Every year I make a donation to a charity, I like donating to a good cause but when it’s my father’s idea to make the yearly donation, it kind of takes some of the fun out of it.
“Oh okay, um…I haven’t really thought about it. Maybe just do the same as last year.” I don’t get any response from her. I look down at my phone to make sure we are still connected, “Alice?”
“Yeah, I’m still here…I just, um, had an idea that’s all,” I wish she wouldn’t hesitate to tell me things, I’m not my father. I’m not going to snap.
“What is it?” she still hesitates, “Come on Alice, you can tell me anything.”
“Well, you remember about a month ago when we were out for lunch and we ran into that Suzie Lancaster?” her voice still seems hesitant.
“Yeah?” How could I forget. My father was irate for a whole week after seeing her.
“Um, well, she was talking about her Foundation, she was asking your father to donate to The Housing Project, said he should even come lend a hand in Africa and she would make sure he had the best shack available to stay in. Even said she would provide mostly clean water and a bag to shit in,” I laugh out loud at that comment.
“Alice, how could I forget. That was brilliant,” so brilliant in fact that I had spit my water all over the table.
“So, I started looking into her Foundation and they actually do some incredible work. A project is starting up in Southern Africa in a few days, they could really use the money. And, well…it would piss your father off,” I could hug her, that’s a brilliant idea.
“Alice, you never cease to amaze me, get it done,” my father will be fuming when he finds out what I’ve done.
“Great, perfect. So, I guess I’ll see you in three months?” she sounds relieved that I liked her idea.
“Yeah, you will. Will you be o-” I get lost in thought for a moment. Could this be what I was looking for? “Alice, can you tell me more about that project in Africa?”
***
Later that night, I’m once again sitting on my couch, waiting for Kyle, except this time I’m eating Chinese takeout. Both Kyle and Alice have assured me that everything has been taken care of. My flights have been booked, my fake passport apparently exists and my volunteer spot has been organized with the Foundation. My bag is even packed and sitting by the front door.
There’s only one problem.
My name.
I don’t know who I am supposed to be. I wanted time to mentally prepare myself. Get used to answering to a different name. Make up a game plan, a backstory.
Instead, I have been sitting here on the couch for most of the day wearing sweat pants, watching TV and eating rubbish. Kyle better get here soon or the plan is off. I will just drive down to Mexico and drink my sorrows away for three months.
“You’re welcome,” I almost jump out of my skin. I was so lost in my own train of thought that I never even heard Kyle come in. “I said, you’re welcome. You could at least act grateful.”
“Huh?” what am I supposed to be grateful for?
“Are you in a sugar coma or something?” He gestures with his head at my surroundings. I look around, noticing empty potato chip packets, candy bar wrappers and shrug, “Never mind. Open you your present,” that gets my attention. It must be my passport. Finally.
I tear into the package only to be disappointed.
“Really?” he’s an idiot.
“Yes, really!” he’s beaming. “It was your idea. It’s perfect,” I drop my head in my hands. Kyle smacks me on the shoulder, “Well I got to run amigo, I have a date.” I look up to see him standing there with his arms open.
“What are you doing?” I’m not a hugger and he knows it.
“My best friend is going to Africa for three months, I want a damn hug,” he keeps wiggling his arms, getting impatient.
“Kyle, no one is supposed to know where I’m going,” I will be pissed if he tells anyone.
“Don’t worry, only Alice and I know. Our lips are sealed,” he makes a key locking gesture by his lips with his hand. “Now stand up and give me a hug.” I comply only to get him off my case. We make our way over to the front door, “Being serious now though, once you step on that plane tomorrow, I want you to forget about your life here. Be free. Be happy. Be Jason Bourne,” he winks. “And if at the end of the three months, you don’t want to come back then don’t come back. I will come visit you wherever you are. If you come back and decide not to marry Aletta then you have a spot on my couch for life,” I cringe. “Hey, my couch isn’t that bad! But even if you decide to marry that crazy bitch,” he makes the sign of the cross with his fingers over his chest. “I will stand next to you at that alter as your best man. I got your back, always.”
“Thanks, man. That means a lot.” After I see Kyle out, I stand in the kitchen staring down at my new identity for the next three months.
Jason Bourke.
Could be worse.
Right? 
At least it’s similar to my real name, so it should be easy to remember.
I hope.
Chapter 10
Eva
“Tell me again why I have to go to the airport?” Fraser is running around getting things organized for the volunteers that will be arriving today. He is normally a lot more organized than this. He seems kind of frazzled today, must have something to do with Maria.
“I already told you, a have a few last-minute things I have to sort out with the volunteers,” he isn’t looking at me. Just fluffing around with various items in one of the containers. Picking things up and then putting them down in a different spot.
“Fraser, what’s going on?” he tenses at my question.
“Nothing. Here’s the list,” he shoves the list at my chest before practically running from the container. “Thanks again!” he yells while hightailing it out of there.
What the hell? I look down at the list. There are eight names printed in black ink. That’s normal since we have to print everything out before we come here. What’s not normal, however, is the ninth name written at the bottom of the list in blue pen. In Fraser’s hand writing.
I exit the container and bump straight into Maria. I look around and can’t see Fraser anywhere.
“Maria, do you know where I can find Fraser,” her eyes drop down to the list, then back up to my face. She starts shaking her head.
“No. Nope. Sorry. No idea. Nope,” then she disappears just as quickly as Fraser did.
Slowly, I start making my way over to Patrick and Neil, they are talking to Jabu and some other villagers, organizing the next steps in the build for one of the houses. Patrick sees me coming.
“Sorry, Eva. Very busy here. No time to help,” what the hell? Neil looks like a deer stuck in headlights, before Patrick nudges him and they all start to move away. Towards an empty field. Why is everyone avoiding me?
Just then I see Fraser duck behind the hall. Is he seriously hiding from me?
I decide to sneak up on him. I have to leave for the airport in the next ten minutes or I will be late, I want an explanation before I go.
Sneaking around the side of the hall, I spot Fraser who is poking his head around the other side, looking from left to right. Looking for me, I realize. I make sure I am as close as I can get before I speak, “Looking for someone?”
“Aaaaah!” I can’t help it, I laugh.
“You squeal like a girl,” his scream made me forget that I am mad at him for a second.
“Why would you sneak up on me like that?” he is holding his hand up to his chest, breathing heavily, I really got him good.
“Why are you avoiding me?” I put my hands on my hips.
“Touché,” he sighs before rubbing his hands over his face, mumbling something about a high roller.
“What was that?” he just does the exact same thing. I grab his wrists and rip his hands off his face, “Stop mucking around Fraser, did you say something about a high roller? Is that what this extra name is about?” He ducks his head and nods, “Fraser, seriously? You know I hate having high rollers come here, they are a pain in the ass. But I do like their donations and even I can pretend to like them for a week,” he perks up.
“He did donate a lot,” he is nodding like crazy.
“How much?” any amount is a good amount as far as I’m concerned.
“Hundred grand,” what?
I’m speechless.
“A hundred grand, seriously?” We never get last minute donations out of the blue that are that big, “What’s the catch?”
“The catch…is that he wants to come out here and help build,” so? I don’t see why that would make Fraser act all crazy.
“They normally do Fraser, wanting to feel good about themselves and all that,” I don’t see what the big deal is here.
“He will be sharing the house with you,” he says this while looking at his feet.
“I gathered that okay. I realize that when I have a place all to myself, I have to share when something like this happens,” why is everyone avoiding me over this?
“So, you aren’t going to make me switch?” he asks and is looking at me through narrowed eyes.
“What? No. Of course not, you and Maria have made progress this last week,” he perks up at that.
“Good. No backsies,” he smirks before walking off.
“No backsies? What’s that supposed to mean?” he pretends not to hear me. I grab his arm, pulling him to a stop, “Fraser, what aren’t you telling me?”
“He’s staying for three months,” he says seriously. What? He looks down at his non-existent watch. “Oh no, look at the time. You better leave or you will be late,” he turns around to leave and this time I don’t stop him. I can’t. I’m too shocked.
Three months?
I have to live with a high roller for three months? Three months of complaining about the heat, the food, the accommodation, the hard work. Wait. Who am I kidding? There is no way this guy will last three months. The last high roller I had stay with me didn’t realize we actually expected her to work while she was here. She spent most of her time hiding out in her room, on her sat phone, begging daddy to let her come home.
Everything will be fine. This guy will stay for a week, maybe two. Get bored and then leave. We will still get his donation and everything will be fine. Right. Good.
I headed for the van.
***
Everything will not be alright.
I have just caught my first glimpse of our high roller. Mr. Jason Bourke. And I do not like what I see.
Okay, well, I like what I see. I’m not blind.
The man is gorgeous, stunningly so. But he has a cocky air about him and looks like he is used to getting what he wants. He screams player and is blatantly checking me out.
I mean really?
He is staring directly at my tits.
What a fucking pig.
I try to get his attention off my chest and onto my face by saying his name, but it isn’t really working. I don’t know whether to be flattered or pissed off.
No. I’m pissed off. Very pissed off.
I do not like this man, at all.
Just because he looks like a GQ model, that doesn’t give him the right to stare at my breasts.
Finally. Finally, he looks me in the eyes, “I said...are you Jason?”
Chapter 11
Jason
I get off the shitty aircraft that took us from Johannesburg to the King Mswati III International Airport in Eswatini. The plane was so small it didn’t even have a business class section.
I was stuck next to a dude who waffled on and on about how this was his third volunteer trip with The Housing Project and his second with Fraser and Eva, I rolled my eyes when he started talking about Eva, it was obvious the dude has a hard on for her.
He is somehow still next to me while we are collecting our bags, like we are now mates just because we happened to sit next to each other on a plane for fifty minutes. He is still waffling on until he looks over my shoulder and smiles. “There she is,” he says, he doesn’t even bother finishing his lame ass story, just walks straight past me. I’m guessing the mysterious Eva has come to collect us, I grab my stuff and spin around, I can’t wait to see what this chick looks like.
“Holy fuck,” the words come out of my mouth in a rush and I hope no one else heard them. I watch her as she makes her way around the airport greeting everyone and I am dumbstruck by her beauty.
She has long dark brown hair that is pulled into a ponytail. She has a light tan that is shown off by a slim tank top, her tits aren’t that impressive but they would fit in the palms of my hands perfectly and I find myself drawn to them. My eyes fall lower to her shorts that fall to mid-thigh.
I keep hoping she will turn around so I can catch a glimpse of her ass, I bet it is as perfect as her tits. Her legs aren’t overly long, she seems to be around 5ft 4in, but they are toned.
As she gets closer to me, I let my eyes travel back up her body, lingering on her tits for a few seconds before they land on her face. The first thing I notice about her face is her lips, soft subtle pink lips that I can imagine would wrap around my dick nicely.
I can’t see any trace of makeup which is odd, most girls I know wouldn’t be caught dead in public without make up. She has beautiful round green eyes framed by long black lashes, I snap back to reality when I realize those green eyes are staring directly at me and are narrowed into small slits. Shit.
“I said...are you Jason?” That’s right, that’s my name. She seems pissed off; she must have been talking to me while I was checking her out. Fuck.
“Um, yeah, Jason, um, that’s me,” great. I sound like an idiot, talk about a shitty first impression, I sound like the loser from the airplane.
“Good, get your shit and follow me, you may be a high roller but you won’t get any special treatment around here…well, at least not from me.” That’s when I look around and realize almost everyone else is already loaded up in the van.
How long was I staring at her for?
I make my way over to the van and see that the back is pretty much full, fuck that, there is no way I want to squeeze in back there, it’s hot as fuck out here. I open the front passenger door and hop in; I only brought a small duffle bag with me as I packed kind of last minute so I prop it on the seat in between us.
“What are you doing?” she still looks pissed off.
“Huh?” I ask, confused. She told me to get in the van and now she’s getting angry because I did? The really hot ones always have to have a bit of crazy mixed in, shame really.
“I said, what are you doing?” Even the frown between her eyebrows is sexy, if she doesn’t seem too crazy, I wouldn’t mind going a few rounds with her, I like the feisty ones.
“Waiting for you to drive,” that comment earns me an eye roll, awesome, she is definitely pissed about me ogling her rack.
“You’re supposed to be in the back with everyone else,” she’s trying to act all huffy, put me in my place. I like that. Maybe she’s not so crazy after all, just crazy for me, the good girls always act like they don’t want it.
“Well, it’s full back there, so just drive,” she glances in her rear-view mirror and curses under her breath when she realizes that I’m right.
“Okay, everyone. Buckle up, we have a forty-minute trip to Simunye and then another few hours to where you will be staying for the week and the roads can get a little bumpy.” You have got to be kidding me, I would kill for a comfy bed right now with some air conditioning.
“Did you just say another few hours?” I groan when she nods her head.
“Yep,” she smirks, turns her eyes back to the road, starts the van and takes off.
***
A few hours in a van with no air con, no radio, windows down, on dusty as fuck roads might not seem like a big deal. But I have just spent a total of twenty-eight hours in airplanes and sitting around at airports to get to this shit hole.
I’m tired, grumpy and hungry.
Sitting next to Eva is also making me horny. By the time we reach, wherever we are, I’m covered in sweat and dust. This seems to bring Eva an incredible amount of joy, the only difference with her is that her ponytail seems a little wind swept. Other than the slight sheen of sweat on her chest, which is sexy as fuck by the way, she seems completely put together, like that shitty car ride didn’t affect her at all.
Looking around at everyone else as they pile out of the van gives me some satisfaction, I’m not the only one who didn’t enjoy that.
Eva gets our attention and introduces us to a man named Fraser, he seems similar in age to Eva, bit taller than her at around 5ft 7in, skinny in statue although he seems to have lean muscle, pale in complexion although I don’t see how with this fucking sun. He has dark red hair and brown eyes, overall, I’m not that impressed.
As he speaks, I keep wondering what the deal between those two are, they seem very friendly, they start leading us somewhere and I really should pay more attention as I have no idea where we’re going, I’m too busy watching them interact with each other.
As we walk, I keep Eva in my sights, taking the opportunity to check out her ass and I was right, it’s perfect.
The only thing that is able to tear my eyes off her ass is the fact that Fraser just put his arm around her shoulder and is whispering in her ear, what the fuck?
Surely, they aren’t a couple. She is way hotter than he is, she should be with someone like…what, me? What is wrong with me? I never spend this long checking out a female, let along get hung up on who she may or may not be dating.
They won’t be dating.
We all pile into a hall that’s newly built; I look around and notice military style cots line the walls on both sides along with a small table next to each one, please tell me we are not sleeping here.
I was too busy checking out the space and once again missed the announcement. I really need to start paying more attention.
Everyone starts moving towards a bed, sorting their belongings and reading some papers that have been left on each bed, if you can really call those things a bed. I soon notice there are eight beds and nine volunteers, I start looking for Eva, I want to ask her where I’m supposed to sleep.
“Jason, right?” I look over to see Fraser extending his hand for me to shake, I take it and maybe grip a little harder than necessary, this just makes his grin even bigger. Odd.
“Yeah and you’re Fraser?” I can’t seem to work this dude out, but I want too.
“The one and only, follow me and I will take you to where you will be sleeping for the duration of your stay,” he turns around and I start to follow.
“Thank fuck,” I feel instant relief at the fact I don’t have to stay in here with these people. Airplane guy waves at me enthusiastically but I just ignore him. Good fucking riddance.
“Hmm?” shit, I’m making good first impressions all round today.
“Oh nothing, lead the way.” Once outside the hall he points out to his right where the original village houses are, they look more like run down shacks than houses, no wonder they need some new ones.
Most of the space north of there is empty apart from three small buildings a few hundred meters away. As we start walking towards those buildings, Fraser explains that directly opposite from the hall they will build a church, on both sides north of the church and the hall they will build new houses to accommodate the extra families that have come to the village and have nowhere to live.
“These three small buildings you see here, are where the staff live for the duration of the project, once we leave, they will house teachers and visiting medics. We are going to build a school, playground and small medical facility to the right there,” he is pointing as he speaks towards a barren landscape.
“So, Eva stays in one of these?” Fraser smiles but looks away quickly trying to hide it, when he looks my way again his face is back to a neutral expression.
“Yes, Eva stays in one of these. Each building houses two people,” interesting, I wonder who I get to share with, I know who I would like to share with.
“Do you share with Eva?” What I’m really asking is, are you a couple, but I don’t want to be too obvious about it.
“No, I share with Maria. You will meet her at the hall later for dinner, we eat under the lean to off the side, if you haven’t noticed it’s rather hot here so we prefer to eat outside.” Is he purposely avoiding telling me where Eva will be staying?
“Who else stays here?” All I really care about is where Eva is staying.
“Neil and Patrick, Neil is an experienced Builder and Patrick is an experienced Plummer, their help and knowledge is vital to our project.” Fuck. I guess that means I’m staying with either Neil or Patrick then.
Fraser leads me to the furthest building on the left, it looks tiny, I’m surprised it can fit two people. When he opens the door and holds his hand out for me to go in first, I find out why.
Straight ahead is the kitchen, although it only really contains a sink, a small bench with only a jug out and some cupboards. Off the back of the kitchen has got to be the smallest bathroom I have ever seen but at least it contains a toilet, a shower and basin with a small mirror hanging off the wall. To the left are two doors, Fraser informs me I will be in the bedroom on the right, right next to the bathroom…awesome.
In between the two-bedroom doors is the smallest table I have ever seen along with two chairs. I open the door to my bedroom to find a proper bed with an actual mattress, it’s a single bed and the mattress looks pretty thin but I don’t really care, I’m just glad I get to sleep in a bed and not one of those damn cots.
Next to the bed is a small set of drawers and a window that gives me a view back to the hall and, well, that’s it.
I walk back out to the kitchen to see Fraser leaning against the door frame, waiting for me to have a look around. I’m starting to second guess my decision in coming here, I might have been too hasty in my decision.
“Everything okay?” Shit, I don’t want to give him the impression that I feel too good to stay here. I might have a lot of money but I’ll be damned if I come across as one of those people.
“Yeah,” I take a moment to look at the closed bedroom door on my right. “Who stays in there?” he smirks at my question.
“Eva,” well fuck me, maybe I did make the right decision after all.
“What?” I heard him the first time but I can’t believe my luck so I want to check that I wasn’t hearing things.
“That’s Eva’s room, she’s the project lead and normally gets a room all to herself but occasionally when we get high rollers like yourself, she has to share.” Fuck yes. I smile for the first time since I landed in Africa. Things are finally looking up.
Fraser must guess what I’m thinking as he just laughs at me, shaking his head as he turns to go, “Get cleaned up and then meet us back over at the hall.” Yep, they definitely aren’t a couple.
I take my time in shower. There isn’t any hot water but I don’t really need it, the cold water is helping to cool me down and the flowery soap I found is getting rid of the thick layer of dirt I have acquired on my skin in the short time since being here.
Reluctantly, I turn off the shower and hop out, not looking forward to heating up again. I can hear movement outside the bathroom door, Eva must be here. I decide not to dry off, wrapping my towel low around my hips instead, I open the bathroom door hoping my plan does the trick.
Bingo.
I knew she was into me.
Chapter 12
Eva
I’m going to give Jason a piece of my mind.
Everybody is over at the hall waiting for orientation to start, waiting for Mr. high roller to make his presence known.
I storm over to the staff housing only to find the bathroom door closed and the shower running. I am about to pound on the door when Fraser’s words come back to me. ‘He donated $100,000 to our cause, be nice, we need people like him, don’t piss him off’, bloody Fraser, always the reasonable one.
I take a seat at the small table and wait for Jason to finish in the shower, then I keep waiting. That fucker is using up all the water, doesn’t he realize we are on a limited water supply here. I’m getting angrier and angrier as I sit here, I’m almost ready to pound on the door again when the water shuts off.
When the door doesn’t immediately open, I get annoyed and start pacing the small space. Finally, I hear the bathroom door open, I turn around with my mouth open, ready to let loose a string of curse words, Fraser be damned, when the words die in my throat.
Holy fuck.
He’s naked.
Well, not entirely naked but that towel is so low on his hips he may as well be. Every inch of that man is covered in muscle, I tried to not let him see how much he affected me in the airport after I caught him staring at my breasts and I tried my hardest to avoid looking at him after that, telling myself that I did not find him attractive but fuck me. There is no looking away now.
His shoulders and arms are rippled with muscles but not overly so, not in that bodybuilder way but in that panty melting way. My eyes slowly travel over his pecs and down his beautiful six pack, he must work out. A. Lot.
Every inch of him is still covered in water, clinging to every curve of muscle on his body, and his V, oh my god that V. I find myself staring at that patch of skin for far too long and can feel my panties getting damp. Fuck. Get a hold of yourself girl.
“My eyes are up here princess,” that snaps me out of it.
“What?!” Instantly, I am on fire, I can’t believe I got caught doing the same thing I got mad at him for earlier. What is wrong with me?
There have been plenty of attractive volunteers before and I have always managed to keep my cool, what’s so different about this one?
“I said my eyes up here, I’m not a piece of meat you know, although my meat can be made available for you to have a taste any time you like, just say the word,” he smirks. Arrogant Fuck. He has some nerve.
I keep staring at his hazel eyes, beautiful hazel eyes, willing my mind to come up with something clever to say back to him, anything, anything at all. He brings his hand up and runs it through his short dark brown hair, the move is sexy as fuck and what’s worse is he knows it.
“Water,” good one Eva, smooth, real smooth.
“Excuse me?” I can tell that’s not what he expected me to say. It’s not what I expected to say either, I was hoping for something much wittier.
“You can’t use that much water,” that was only slightly better than ‘water.’
“Okay?” he looks around, clearly confused.
“We run on a limited supply here, we have to conserve water at all times, just because you made a big donation doesn’t mean you get to use more water than anyone else.” There, a proper sentence. That wasn’t so hard, was it?
“Oh, I didn’t know, I’m sorry.” Huh?
“What?” surely it can’t be that easy, is this some kind of a trick.
“I’m sorry, I wasn’t aware, next time I will take a shorter shower.” Well, that’s a surprise, most high rollers think they can do want they want, including arguing with me and pointing out the fact that they made a very large donation at every turn.
“Two minutes,” great, I’m back to small words.
“Two minutes?” he’s smiling now. Way to go Eva, making yourself look like a fool in front of the hot guy.
“Yes, two minutes, keep your showers to under two minutes,” and put some damn clothes on. I can’t last three months with him living here if I have to endure this every morning.
“Okay, I can do that,” he is still smiling at me.
“Good,” we continue to stare at one another for a few seconds, although it feels like minutes. Why is he still staring at me?
“You missed orientation, I will have Fraser give you the run down after dinner, dinner’s in ten.” I need to leave. Now.
“Can’t you do it?” No, no I cannot. I need to stay far, far away from you and that towel.
“Do what?” I feign confusion but I’m not sure that it works.
“Give me the run down after dinner,” that smile must usually work for him, hell it’s close to working on me.
“No,” stay firm Eva.
“Oh, okay, well I guess I’ll see you at dinner then,” not if I can help it.
“Don’t be late this time,” I turn and leave before he can say anything else.
On the way back to the hall I run into Fraser, “I was just coming to find you, thought you might need help with the new guy.” He’s acting like everything is fine between us, but it’s not, it’s not fine at all.
“Fuck you,” my statement causes him to laugh, really? Friends don’t laugh at each other in times of crisis.
“What did I do now?” He isn’t taking this seriously, at all.
“I need you to switch rooms with me,” my breathing starts to get heavy; I’m freaking out. Thankfully that gets his attention, he pulls me to a stop and looks straight into my eyes.
“What did he do? Did he hurt you? Eva, you can te-” I start to cut him off before his mind goes down that path, I have only had one other high roller hit on me during my time with the Lancaster Foundation and he got sent packing by Fraser pretty quickly for making me feel uncomfortable.
“No, no, nothing like that, he just…fuck…he, he came out of the bathroom all wet with only a towel around his waist, then he thought I was checking him out and offered to fuck me.” Fraser’s reaction is to bend over at the waist and start laughing, nice Fraser, real nice.
“It’s not funny,” I whine and it’s really not, he ignores me and starts walking in the direction of the hall again. I run to catch up, “Fraser, I’m serious, you need to switch rooms with me.”
“No.” No? Did he just say no to me? Does he not realize that I’m his boss and I can make him do whatever I want?
“NO?!” I cannot believe him, “Why not?” Selfish, that’s what he is, a horrible and selfish friend.
“You know why Eva; I finally get to share a room with Maria and I’m not giving that up just because you find Jason attractive. Besides, earlier when I asked you if you were going to make me switch, you said, ‘No. Of course not, you and Maria have made progress this last week.’” I ignore the part where he throws my own words back in my face and focus on the first part of his sentence.
“Excuse me?” my voice has gone all strange and high pitched.
“Eva, just face it, you have the hots for him, I suggest you take him up on his offer and fuck him,” seriously? Some friend he is turning out to be.
“Hey, what are you guys talking about?”
“Aaaaaahhh!!!” I scream and turn around only to come face to face with Jason. Fuck.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” He has the decency to look sheepish and I want to die. He has the worst timing in the world.
“What are you doing?” I am so embarrassed. What if he heard us?
“I was just walking to dinner like you said to, I saw you guys and thought I would catch up so you can show me the way.” Shit. I’m not sure if he heard Fraser or not and I don’t want to stick around and find out.
I’m not sure how to act so I do the only thing I can think of, I turn and walk away.
“I’ll show you, follow me, so where are you fr-” I don’t get to hear the rest of what Fraser says as I am too busy putting as much distance between us as possible.
Damn Fraser.
Damn Jason 
Damn small living quarters.
Damn fucking sexy towel.
How am I supposed to get through the next three months essentially living with that man?
Chapter 13
Jason
‘Eva, just face it, you have the hots for him, I suggest you take him up on his offer and fuck him.’
I’ve never been happier than the moment I heard that sentence come out of Fraser’s mouth. Not only does it prove they aren’t a couple but it also proves that she has the hots for me. I knew she did when she spent about five minutes trying to stare through my towel to see my dick. But having it confirmed does funny things to my chest.
Dinner is served up buffet style on a bench outside the main hall, there must be a kitchen in the back of the hall that I didn’t notice earlier but that makes sense. They have set up an area with a couple of long tables and there are a few support beams holding up a roof so that if it rains, we can still eat outside and there are two light bars hanging from the roof.
I must admit, even though the set up here is extremely basic it’s very well thought out, I’m not sure what the deal is with electricity here but they must run off a generator or something.
I grab a plate and fill it with some meat and vegetables before searching the tables for Eva, she has conveniently placed herself at the fullest table so that I have no chance of sitting next to her.
Her eyes dart up to meet mine before quickly darting away again, I smirk before making my way over to the other table. Where that fucking dude from the airplane is waving at me again and gesturing for me to sit next to him. What the hell, from what I gather this lot is only here for around a week and then they get swapped out for a new bunch. I can play nice for a week.
Everybody is beat after a long day of travel so we decide to hit the hay early and save anymore socializing for tomorrow. I’m just about to find out where to put my plate when I recognize a voice behind me.
“You’re on clean up.” I turn around to face Eva and grin, she always seems to be annoyed around me.
“Excuse me? Were you talking to me?” She’s even beautiful when she’s angry.
“Yes, you’re on clean up duty tonight,” she is standing with her feet apart and folds her arms over her chest. She looks like she’s getting ready for a fight but all she is really doing is giving me a better look at her tits.
“Sure, what do I need to do?” Again, I think I have surprised her with my answer, I should be offended but really, I know where she’s coming from. Not all people that have money are assholes but when you consider the crowd I’m used to; they wouldn’t take being told what to do very well and they sure as hell wouldn’t want to clean up after other people.
“Oh, um, well, just go into the kitchen, Maria is in there, follow her lead.” Then she turns around and walks away from me for the second time in one night.
Little does she know I actually enjoy watching her walk away, my eyes follow her fine ass until she turns the corner and disappears from sight.
By the time I make it back to my room, it’s late and Eva’s bedroom door is shut. I get ready for bed a bit disappointed that I won’t get to see her again before I fall asleep. I spend a few minutes lying in bed before I look at the wall to my right, Eva is sleeping just on the other side of that wall.
Fuck, so close.
I fall asleep with thoughts of Eva running through my head.
***
I wake up covered in sweat and my mouth is about as dry as the Sahara Desert, is it always this fucking hot? The only thing dreaming of Eva did was give me a semi, I get up and go to the bathroom, which isn’t that easy given my current situation.
When I exit the bathroom, I can hear movement in Eva’s room and I go to get a drink in the kitchen, hoping to run into her instead of just going back to my room.
Yes, I’m that pathetic.
I fill a glass with water then turn around, leaning against the bench hoping she doesn’t freak out when she sees me. I enjoy making her flustered but I don’t want to turn her off me all together.
My dick wants inside her, badly, I haven’t been this turned on by a girl in a long time but if she actually hates me then my chances of fucking her are slim, and I’m determined to fuck this girl.
Chapter 14
Eva
I slept terribly and I hate to admit that it was most likely Jason’s fault, I woke up in the middle of the night covered in sweat that wasn’t from the heat. No, it was from picturing Jason in that fucking towel.
I get up to use the bathroom forgetting that I’m not staying alone anymore. Because it’s so hot I normally sleep in a pair of panties and a small camisole. I open the door to my bedroom and freeze. There, leaning against the kitchen bench holding a glass of water is Jason and if it’s possible he looks even better than yesterday.
I get another view of his glorious chest but what has me stopping in my tracks is what he’s wearing. A pair of tight briefs that leaves nothing to the imagination, I can clearly see the outline of his penis, his very large, very erect penis. Or should I say semi-erect? If possible, I think it’s getting bigger, fuck, I’m staring at his dick, again, what is wrong with me?
Look away. Look. Away.
I’m well aware that my heavy breathing is making my breasts rise and fall, I can feel my nipples hardening but hopefully he doesn’t notice. I drag my eyes slowly upwards until they met his and yep, he’s definitely noticed my nipples, he’s staring straight at them. Judging by the look on his face he seems almost as affected by this situation as I am.
His eyes suddenly make contact with mine and the heat in them is unmistakable, he wants me.
Jason moves first, he puts his glass down on the bench before taking a step in my direction.
I panic.
I panic and I’m not proud to say that I run to the bathroom like a little girl and slam the door shut, locking it behind me.
What was that? What am I doing? I can’t sleep with a volunteer, can I?
Realizing I have been standing there facing the door for about five minutes, I strip off and jump straight into a cold shower. I need to get a grip.
I take my time getting ready to face the day, making sure my ponytail is sitting at the right height, my teeth get a good two minute clean like they are supposed to and I floss, that’s right, I floss, twice.
I haven’t heard anything outside the bathroom door in a while so I assume it’s safe to exit, I was wrong.
Jason is sitting down at the small table facing the bathroom, still just wearing his underwear.
“Good morning,” why hasn’t he left yet.
“Morning,” seriously? He wants to exchange morning pleasantries while practically naked. “Why are you just sitting there…well, in your underwear,” then I point to his crotch, as if he isn’t already aware of what his is wearing.
Nice one Eva, I think I’m on a roll with witty conversation. He must think I’m an idiot.
“I was waiting to take my turn in the shower,” he lifts one hand and starts rubbing his hair. Damn him, that move just draws my eyes towards his arm muscles. I was trying to be good.
“Oh,” seems logical. He gets up and makes his way towards me, getting way too close than he should.
“Excuse me,” just as he says this, he is already passing me, purposely brushing his hard, chiseled chest up against mine.
Before I realize what’s happening, the door is partially shut and the shower is turned on. I turn my head slightly to see what he’s playing at and instead I get a full view of his naked backside just before he slips into the shower, and what a fine backside it is. Urgh! Why couldn’t he be ugly?
As soon as I finish dressing, I hear the shower turn off, shit, that was quick. Since I don’t really need to grab anything else before I leave, I make a quick dash for the exit, pathetic, I know, but it had to be done.
***
I have successfully managed to avoid Jason for the last two days. It hasn’t been easy considering we are staying at the same house and he has been trying to get my attention. I have managed to sneak away early both nights to be in bed by the time Jason came in and then I made sure to be gone by the time Jason woke up.
I had to sacrifice my shower in the mornings to do it, opting to go back and shower in the middle of the day instead. That’s where I am at the moment. In the shower. At lunch time. I’m so pathetic.
Over the years, I have seen more than a few volunteers have a quick fling, it’s like they think it doesn’t count as they are away from their regular lives. But it counts to me. I have already been burned once and I don’t fancy that happening again.
I made the mistake of sleeping with a volunteer five years ago, he was sexy, charming and irresistible. A deadly combination and a combination that happens to be eerily similar to Jason.
I’m too busy day dreaming to register the fact the Jason is standing right in front of me when I exit the bathroom.
“Are you seriously showering in the middle of the day, just to avoid me?” He raises one eyebrow, patiently waiting for my response while I remain frozen in place.
I scoff. Then I scoff again but don’t manage to say anything else. Nice, I can’t even come up with single words as a response anymore.
“You’re looking good, by the way,” his eyes travel slowly down my body and it’s only then, that I realize the only thing I am wearing is my towel.
“Fuck,” why does he make me so flustered? I go to step around him but he steps in the way. I begin to get irritated. I try to step around his other side, but he steps in my way. Again. “What are you doing?” why is he so frustrating? And why is he always around?
“I want to talk,” really? He wants to talk when the only thing I have on is a towel?
“You want to talk?” why couldn’t he have tried to talk to me outside, fully clothed and in a public place.
“Yes,” he folds his arms across his chest, “Why is that so hard to believe?”
Once again, I’m lost for words, this time though it’s because I’m too busy staring at his biceps. Jason places a finger under my chin and forces my face up to meet his. He smirks and that damn smirk should be illegal. “My eyes are up here princess,” shit. I just got caught checking him out. Again.
I feel tears well up in my eyes. I am mortified and beyond frustrated with myself. Why do I have to find him so attractive?
This time when I step around him, he lets me go.
Chapter 15
Jason
I upset Eva today. I should apologize, get back on her good side, if I was even there to begin with. Hopefully I can catch a minute alone with her at the bonfire tonight.
Apparently, its tradition to eat dinner around a bonfire to mark the middle of the week for the volunteers. Doesn’t make sense to me seeing as it’s already about a million degrees here, even at night. But hey, it gives me a chance to see Eva and there hasn’t been a lot of those.
I’m currently on dinner duty, peeling potatoes and trying to come up with a plan to sit next to her tonight when she walks through the door.
“Hey Maria, Fraser said you needed help in here?” Fuck, every time I look at her, she takes my breath away.
“Um, no?” Hmm, interesting. I stop what I am doing so I can eavesdrop a bit better.
“Really? I like, just ran in to him outside and he said to come in here. That you needed help?” What? Is Fraser actually trying to create an opportunity for me to hang out with her? This guy just keeps getting better and better.
“Oh, um, well,” Maria glances over at me. “Jason, might need some help?” fuck yeah, I need some help.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t mind some help.” Eva doesn’t look happy and Maria is slowly backing away, trying not to draw attention to herself. “Please?” I watch her face soften a tiny bit but then it hardens again.
“Can’t. Busy. Sorry.” Then she is walking away, she seems to do that a lot with me. I race to catch up with her, gripping her arm to stop her from running away.
“I’m sorry,” for some reason it really bothers me that she doesn’t seem to like me and I seem to have a fucked-up need for this girl to like me.
“What?” I think maybe I should be insulted by the surprise marring her features but I let it go, I need this to go well. I’m running out of chances.
“I said, I’m sorry, about earlier today and well, I guess a few other things too. I just, well, I think it’s pretty obvious that I find you attractive, really attractive,” I groan. This is not how I wanted this apology to go, “What I mean to say is that I’m not used to having female friends, but…I would like to be, your, um, friend,” smooth Mason, real fucking smooth.
Somehow when I jumped on that plane to come to Africa and become someone else, that someone else didn’t have any game.
“Friend?” I don’t blame her for being confused, I’m pretty confused myself, I don’t beg girls to be my friend. I don’t beg them for anything, I’ve never needed too.
“Yes, friend. I’m going to be here for a while and we’re sharing the same house. I don’t want things to be awkward between us. I don’t want you to avoid me,” I want you to like me and then have sex with me, a lot.
“I wasn-”
“You were,” I interrupt her and she laughs, it’s a beautiful sound. Is there anything about this girl that I don’t like?
Maybe I should stay away from her, she could be dangerous for my sanity.
“Okay, maybe I was avoiding you,” she bites her bottom lip, hesitant to say more, it only makes my dick twitch. “Okay, why not? Friends.”
“Good. Friends,” and maybe in time, friends with benefits. I would really, really like that.
“Good,” she looks like she is ready to bolt again.
“Save me a seat at the bonfire tonight?” What am I going to do next, give her my fucking pin? I seem to lose my head around this girl.
“Sure,” this time she smiles shyly up at me before walking away. I don’t know where the hell that friend thing came from. There is no way I want to spend three months here just being her friend. But for now, for right now, I can deal with being her friend.
I think.
***
Surprisingly, Eva actually saves me a seat. “You seem surprised,” I chuckle at her greeting.
“Yeah sorry, I kinda am,” she glances over at Fraser before reluctantly turning back to face me.
“Guess that’s my fault,” she starts fidgeting with her fingers. “Look, I’m sorry. I have been rude to you the last few days, you have donated a lot of money to our cause and everyone says that you have been great at helping out. I should be more respectful, I just…” she glances over at Fraser again and I get the feeling that this is some kind of pity date. Be nice to the guy that gave us a lot of money type thing.
“You just what?” I ask and she blushes. Okay, now I’m intrigued.
“I just, um, feel flustered around you, that’s all. I’m not used to sharing a room with anyone and if I do have to, it’s normally only for a week, two tops.” It’s on the tip of my tongue to make a rude remark to her being flustered over me but that will only continue to push her away. I need to play this cool, get past the pity part and start working my charm.
“That’s okay, I understand. I’m not used to living with someone either, or somewhere this hot,” she laughs and I wasn’t even being funny. Full on belly laughs and it’s beautiful, she’s beautiful. “What’s so funny?” At this point I don’t really care that she’s laughing at me, I just want her to keep doing it.
“Is that why you run around half naked most of the time, you’re hot?” she asks and I want to reply, I’m hot for you.
“That’s part of it,” now I’m laughing too, at my own personal joke.
“What’s the other part?” If only she knew that I was desperate to be inside her. I haven’t wanted someone this bad in a long time.
The image of her naked body under mine is on a constant loop in my head.
“Um, maybe I was hoping that if I ran around with no shirt on, that you would check me out…did it work?” I’m wondering if I pushed her too far again when she chuckles and shoves at me playfully. She doesn’t respond straight away but the blush staining her cheeks lets me know that it worked. Good.
“So, where are you from?” She wants to put our conversation back into safer territory. I can do that.
“Seattle, you?” she takes a moment to think through her answer.
“San Francisco area. I was actually supposed to go to The University of Washington after I graduated High School.” It’s refreshing to see her relax a little bit, she always seems to be tense and on guard around me.
“No shit. That’s where I went,” her eyes light up and I can’t help but wonder what would have happened if she went to the same college as me. Maybe she would have been more open to the idea of sleeping with me back then.
“Really?” she beams up at me.
“Yes, really. How old are you?” She doesn’t seem that old but it’s hard to tell, with this kind of job she has a lot of responsibilities so she couldn’t be too young.
“Twenty-five, why?” So, two years younger than me, I wonder why she didn’t make it to college.
“I’m twenty-seven, so I would have just been starting my third year when you became a sexy freshman.” My comment causes her to laugh. I love making her laugh.
“Please, you would have been far too distracted with all the hot senior girls to even notice a freshman like me.” Does she really not understand how hot she is? Every man on the planet would sit up and take notice of her.
“Trust me, I would have noticed you,” she wiggles in her seat like she’s uncomfortable. “Are you okay? Do you want me to get you a proper chair instead of sitting on this log?” Please say no, this log is uncomfortable as fuck but I get to sit closer to her here than I would in a chair. I don’t think she has paid attention to the fact that we have been drifting closer together as we talk, but I have.
“Huh? Oh, no, I’m good. Thanks,” I’m going to take that as a good sign.
“So, why didn’t you end up going to college?” The light in her eyes dim and she’s no longer smiling. Fuck. “Sorry, you don’t have to tell me that. It’s none of my business,” she looks like she’s on the verge of tears. “So, um, what’s the deal with Fraser and Maria?” She looks confused at first until she realizes that I’m giving her an out. She smiles up at me shyly before launching into a big story about Fraser and Maria and how they met.
The rest of the night flies by and I find myself enjoying her company. Maybe we really can be friends.
Chapter 16
Eva
I’m confused. Last night was confusing.
Jason’s confusing. I had him pegged as the typical rich boy, maybe he got in trouble and daddy paid a big donation to send him here to keep him out of his hair for a while. We have had a few of those and they are no picnic.
But Jason, he doesn’t fit the mold of the typical volunteer out here. He almost seems…lost.
“Morning Eva,” I look up startled to see Jason chuckling at me. Once again shirtless. At least this time he has shorts on, “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.”
“No, it’s fine. Just lost in thought is all,” I send all my attention to the top of the coffee cup I’m holding, watching the warm brown liquid swirl around inside.
Don’t look up. Do not get caught staring at his chest again. It’s better for my sanity to not engage.
“Can I join you?” Damn he has a sexy voice and he looks so cute with his puppy dog eyes afraid I’m going to say no, but a girls got to do what a girls got to do.
“Sure,” damn. That just came out, I was supposed to say no.
He sits down across from me at our small table, holding his own cup of coffee. At least the table cuts out part of his chest. We sit there in silence for a few minutes but it’s not uncomfortable. It’s peaceful. I find myself enjoying Jason’s company and last night was no exception, he’s a great guy. But that’s dangerous territory.
Knock, knock, knock.
Before either of us have a chance to respond, Fraser bursts through the door looking like the cat who got the cream. He pauses when he sees us sitting together.
“Oh, what’s this? Did you guys have a night similar to mine?” He is wiggling his eyebrows up and down suggestively.
“Huh?” Is he asking if we slept together? That’s just crazy talk.
“What?” Both Jason and I reply at the same time. I try hard to keep my eyes trained on Fraser so that he doesn’t read too much into Jason and I sitting and having coffee together.
Because it means nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Fraser leans back on our kitchen bench and crosses his arms over his chest. He is bursting with excitement.
“I kissed Maria!” He practically screams out his announcement, pumping his fist up in the air.
“Aaaaaaahhh!!” I jump up and down then run the short distance to hug him. Jason is close behind me when I let go of Fraser. I can feel his chest rub up against my back so I stand to the side.
“Nice,” they do that guy, half handshake, half hug thing.
“Thanks, man,” Fraser seems pretty pleased with himself. I’m so happy for him.
“So, what happened? Where did it happen? Did she kiss you back? She did, kiss you back, right? How did s-”
“Whoa, whoa, calm down there girly,” Jason takes me by the shoulders and deposits me back in my chair, before sitting down in his own chair. I can feel my skin tingling from where he placed his hands on me. Luckily Fraser’s voice snaps me out of my daze. I need to focus.
“Last night, after the bonfire, we walked back to our place, and I, well, I kissed her goodnight,” he says it like its huge news.
“Tongue or peck?” These details are important, sometimes I wish my best friend was a girl, at least then I would get a decent play by play.
“Peck,” he says and I groan.
“Then what?” He seems confused by my question but I’m trying to determine whether this is actually a big moment or whether he pecked her on the cheek and went on his merry way.
“What do you mean ‘then what?’, then we went to bed,” that’s it? I throw my hands up in the air, completely frustrated. How can he be this excited over just a peck?
“Dude,” Jason is full on laughing at Fraser.
“What?!” Fraser has gone from excited to on edge and I hate the fact that we ruined his little bubble of happiness, he has waited a long time for this.
“Jason, don’t be mean. How did she seem this morning?” For the sake of my friend I need to know if she is into him or there is going to be some serious heartbreak.
“I haven’t seen her this morning, I came straight here,” poor guy is starting to look worried, “What’d I do?”
“Bro, you should have used your tongue, maybe groped her ass a little,” Jason is still shaking his head and laughing at Fraser as he makes his way into the bathroom and shuts the door. The shower starts up a few seconds later.
Fraser looks distraught and sits down in Jason’s vacant spot.
“I stuffed up, didn’t I?” he groans before dropping his head into his hands, almost ripping his hair out in frustration.
“No sweetie, you didn’t,” it’s sweet that he cares so much about her.
“Yes, I did. You use that same voice with the volunteers when they do something dumb.” I do? I didn’t know I had a ‘voice’.
“Fraser, it’s obvious that Jason’s a player so ignore his advice. How did she respond to the kiss?” I really want to know; this is exciting news and it’s distracting me from the fact that Jason is naked in my shower.
“Good I think, I think maybe I caught her off guard but then she smiled at me,” smiling is good, a smile is promising.
“Good, see that’s good,” I beam at my friend, so happy that he’s happy.
“I really like her Eva,” Fraser is blushing, he never blushes.
“Then go talk to her. If she says she likes you too then kiss her again but don’t run straight here to tell me.” I really hope this works out for him, I really like Maria and the fact that she’s a staff member makes things a lot easier. It means she won’t leave at the end of it all. Like Jason will.
“I didn’t run straight here, I waited until this morning,” now he is getting defensive. Jason comes out of the bathroom so I stand up to go and take my own shower.
“Fraser, just go talk to her, tell her how you feel,” and please let her feel the same way, I have a feeling she’s a keeper.
“Yeah, then make the relationship official with some hot sex,” Jason winks at me then runs into his bedroom before I get the chance to slap him. Jerk.
“Just go talk to her, then find me later and tell me how it went,” I disappear into the bathroom as Fraser yells out to me.
“Okay, love you.”
“Love you too!”
Chapter 17
Jason
It’s been a few days since Eva and Fraser told each other ‘I love you’ and I’m still obsessing over that fact.
Who does that?
They are only friends so why say ‘I love you’ to each other. If he wasn’t so worked up over that stupid kiss with Maria I’d be pissed. Wait. Pissed? Me? I don’t get pissed off over girls.
Mind you, I’m not normally friends with girls either. That would require spending time with them and I’m more of a love em and leave em kinda guy.
Speaking of, the girl I want to give some loving too is in the shower so I quickly get changed and head out to start my day. I almost prefer when she was showering in the middle of the day, at least that way, I didn’t stare at the bathroom door like a lost puppy.
I find that good, hard physical labor helps to distract me from the image of her naked body, dripping wet and covered in soap. She’s probably lathering her breasts right now, I wonder if she pushes the bar of soap between her thighs of if she soaps her hand then touches- nope, stop it.
It's time to work and I can’t do that with a hard on.
Since I’m here for three months I have been shadowing Neil, he wants me up to speed quickly so that I can start helping out with the other volunteers.
All of the buildings are pre-fabricated and get dropped off by trucks that come from Johannesburg. So, all we have to do is put the framing together and we are half way there.
Sounds easy, right? Well, not so much. Neil gave me a nail gun to use which is a hell of a lot faster than using a hammer but I’m not sure which is safer. Although, at least now my thumbs get a break, I swear in the first few days I hit my hand more times than the actual ply boards.
When I’m not working with Neil, I’m shadowing Patrick, they’re both incredible and as it turns out, a couple. Which makes sense as to why I’m sharing a room with Eva and not one of those guys.
Patrick is a plumber by trade and Neil a builder but you would swear they had both done actual trades in every area of construction, they know everything.
Each day my mood is improving along with my skill, I don’t like being bad at something and I have never felt as useless as my first day here, when I picked up a hammer for the first time in my life.
I’m kinda glad that Eva chose to avoid me to start with, I would have been pretty embarrassed if she was hanging around and watching me work. Right now, I would only be slightly embarrassed.
Eva stopped avoiding me a few days ago, right after the bonfire, we are trying to work on our friendship. Friendship. I roll my eyes just thinking about that word but right now, that’s what Eva wants so friendship is what Eva gets.
I need to reload my nail gun but when I reach into my tool belt I realize I’m all out, “I’m going to get some more nails.”
“Sure thing,” I love working with Neil, he doesn’t say much but is a really great guy. I make my way over to one of the supply containers, they are normally locked with a combination padlock but this one has one of its doors slightly ajar. Someone must be in there, hopefully Eva.
Just then I hear moaning. What the hell?
Sounds like someone is doing it in the supply container. Wait. I haven’t seen Eva since breakfast. I see red. She better not be fucking someone else when she won’t even give me the time of day.
I rip the door the rest of the way open, spilling light onto the couple. Thankfully the couple is fully dressed…and it’s not Eva.
What’s even better is that it’s Fraser, with Maria.
He has her up on some of the boxes, standing between her legs, grinding into her. Sucking on her neck, with one hand on her breast. Her head is back, she’s moaning loudly and is in the process of removing Fraser’s shirt when she realizes they are no longer alone.
She freezes, trying to push Fraser off her and close her legs. “Maria, baby, what are you doing?” I can’t help it, I laugh. Loudly.
Fraser finally understands and jumps away from Maria, knocking into some of the other boxes as there isn’t a lot of space in here. I nod in Fraser’s direction.
“Fraser, good to know things are going well between you and Maria,” Maria blushes fiercely and Fraser looks pretty pleased with himself, “Well, carry on,” with that, I turn and leave the container, shutting the door firmly behind me.
I need to find Eva. Now.
I find her a few minutes later in the kitchen, helping with lunch prep, “Eva, I need to talk to you.”
“Just give me a minute to finish up here,” it’s nice that my voice doesn’t cause her to tense and get all pissy anymore but I hate that fact that I’m starting to like her more and more.
“Okay, but make it quick,” I walk back outside and head around the back of the building, hoping this way we will get a few minutes of privacy. I’m actually pretty jealous of Fraser, I would love to be going at it with Eva in one of the supply containers. Or anywhere really.
“What’s up?” Eva stands in front of me with her hands on her hips, looking impatient. She’s so cute when she’s mad. I also love it when she stands like that as it pushes her tits out, giving me a nice view.
She must realize I’m checking her out as she crosses her arms over her chest and starts tapping her foot on the ground. “What did you drag me out here for? I have work to do.”
“Fine, if you’re going to be like that, then I won’t tell you what I just saw.” Her hands drop to her sides and her eyes narrow slightly, it’s like she is trying to decide if I’m playing a game with her and if she wants to play along with me.
“What did you see?” I guess her curiosity won out, she looks intrigued.
“Fraser and Maria practically going at it in one of the supply containers,” her eyes widen in surprise and a huge smile slowly spreads across her face.
“That bastard! I knew he was hiding something from me. Taking it slow my ass!” Just then Fraser runs up to us, out of breath and looking panicked.
“You told her?” Why is he angry about this, I’m surprised he hadn’t told her about it himself seeing as not so long ago he burst into our place to tell us he pecked her on the lips.
“Of course, I told her,” I deadpan. Fraser curses under his breath and then turns to Eva.
“Look Eva, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but Maria has it in her head that it’s unprofessional that we hook up while at work. She was scared you would lose respect for her,” that is about the stupidest thing I think I have ever heard.
“What!” Eva looks incredulous, “That’s insane. I don’t care that you two are hooking up, I’m happy for you both.”
“So, you don’t think two people hooking up at work is being unprofessional?” I can’t help but ask.
“No. Of course not,” she looks at me like she can’t believe I would say such a thing.
“So, you’re all for it?” I’m goading her into a corner and I’m enjoying the hell out of it.
“Yes, I mean Neil and Patrick are a couple,” I smirk before winking at her.
“Good to know,” her face turns bright red, I love it when she blushes. It’s adorable. She turns her attention back to Fraser, trying to cut me out of the conversation with her body language so I step in closer to her.
“Fraser, I’ll talk to her for you okay. Tell her that the two of you being in a relationship is fine, that it won’t impact on her position here at all,” Fraser sighs in relief.
“Thanks, I mean, I knew you would be cool but Maria freaked out at being caught and I just, well, you know. Anyway, I should go find her,” he runs off before either of us get a chance to say anything.
Which just leaves Eva and I together. She is clearly uncomfortable and looks like she is close to bolting now that we are alone. I lean down and whisper in her ear. “See you tonight, Eva,” a shiver racks through her body. I let my fingers brush against her wrist, slowly rising higher until the back of my hand brushes against her breast. She lets out a whimper. Holy fuck. I think she’s turned on. Shit, I need to leave before this backfires. I take one last longing look at her breasts heaving in her small tank top before walking away.
What the fuck has gotten into me?
Chapter 18
Eva
I am busting to go to the toilet. So, so busting. I’ve tried to leave twice already but this particular group of volunteers are a chatty bunch, I finally see an opening to make my escape and I take it, not looking back.
Neil asked me to cover for him during wash up duty tonight and now I see why, that took twice as long as it normally does. I guess hard physical labor doesn’t exhaust these people like it does most.
When I get back to my place I run straight into the bathroom and run directly into Jason.
“Whoa girl, where’s the fire?” I cross my legs and start hoping.
“I need to pee, please, please, please…holy fuck, you’re naked,” my urge to pee is forgotten when I take in a freshly showered Jason.
Hot damn he is fine, I thought he looked good in his underwear and a towel hung low on his hips but fuck me, he is nothing short of a god.
He just happens to be hung like one too, why couldn’t he be ugly. It would be so much easier to ignore my urges if this man wasn’t sex on a stick.
Fraser is right, if I had sex more then this wouldn’t be happening to me. I can’t stop staring.
“You still need to pee?” Did he just say something to me?
“Huh?” I look up and realize that I have been staring at his penis for an embarrassing length of time. My whole body instantly catches fire, I am mortified, I can’t believe I just did that. Again.
Jason’s smug look isn’t helping matters either but it does piss me off. Good, anger is good, I can use anger.
“I’ll leave you to it,” did he really just walk away from me? No hitting on me, no smart comment about catching me checking him out, seriously? He just left?
I take longer than I need to in the bathroom but at least my bladder is happy. I decide to make a dignified exit and hold my head up high while I walk to my room in case Jason is still loitering.
That plan quickly backfires when I walk out of the bathroom to see Jason is still naked, in the kitchen.
“What are you doing?” My voice is all high pitched and squeaky, I hate that he affects me so much. I can feel my pussy tingling with need but I shove that thought down real far.
“Getting a drink,” that’s not exactly what I meant and he knows it.
“Why are you still naked?” I’m never going to be able to get to sleep now, he has me so worked up and I refuse to go there.
“Well it’s hot and you were enjoying the view, I didn’t want to spoil all the fun you were having,” urgh, what an ass. Bedroom…now. Before you do something you will regret. Stop checking him out.
My words of encouragement work and I manage to walk normally to my bedroom door. “You should try it some time?”
“Try what?” Damn it, why did I have to turn around? Now I’m staring at his dick again.
“Being naked, with me, it could be fun,” I turn back around, “Hey now, that’s no fair, you got to have a good peek at my goods, when do I get to have a peek at yours?”
“You want a peek?” I face Jason again, ready to give him a piece of his own medicine.
“Fuck yeah, I want a peek, are you kidding?” It’s taking all my concentration to keep my eyes on his face and not let them rove all over his body again.
“Okay, fine,” I place my hands on the bottom of my singlet, slowly lifting it up my body seductively, pausing when I get to the bottom of my breasts.
This was a mistake; I had no actual intention of showing him anything but the smoldering look he is giving me is making me want to.
My eyes drift lower of their own accord and when I see his rather large erection pointing in my direction it snaps me out of my daze, I run into my bedroom, slamming the door behind me and I curl up in bed.
I’m not sure what’s wrong with me or why I am so dead set against sleeping with him, I’m not the fling type but maybe I could be? Maybe I could sleep with him while he’s here and then say goodbye to him like it’s no big deal. 
Or…I could get my heart broken and be just another notch on his bedpost.
Chapter 19
Jason
It’s been a few days since Eva saw me naked and I have noticed her giving me the side eye on occasion to try and catch another glimpse.
Tonight is the bonfire, Eva had a couple of drinks which has made her tipsy and according to Fraser, she hardly ever drinks.
I’m being a gentleman by escorting her back to our place but really, I have an ulterior motive for bringing her back early, I snagged a pack of cards from one of the storage containers the other day when the idea came to me, I just hope she goes for it.
We head inside and Eva goes straight to the bathroom, which gives me a chance to run and get the cards. I’m sitting at the table shuffling them when Eva walks out of the bathroom, “What are you doing?” Good, she’s intrigued.
“Thought we could play a few rounds of cards before bed since it’s still early,” to my surprise and utter delight she exclaims that she loves playing cards and sits down opposite me.
“What did you want to play?” she asks. Here goes nothing.
“Strip poker,” her whole-body tenses and I think maybe I took it a bit too far; I never know where I stand with her. Some days I think she’s into me and wants me as much as I want her, then other days it’s like I have some sort of disease. I can tell she is waging some internal war with herself so I give her time to think, shuffling the cards and then dealing our first hand.
She stares at the cards as if they are a ticking time bomb but then all of a sudden, she jumps up and runs to her room. Fuck, there goes that idea. I’ll have to think of something else.
Just when I’m about to admit defeat and pack the cards up she appears with about ten extra layers on. I burst out laughing when I see her, girl is too much, I think she is wearing about four singlets, two pairs of shorts, a couple of hats and two pairs of socks.
“What?” She is so cute standing there, obviously still hesitant to play with me even though she has the upper hand. Too bad I am damn good at poker.
“Nothing, sit down, you know the rules?” She sits down and nods her head, biting nervously on her bottom lip.
Countless rounds later and I am down to my underwear, one round away from losing but Eva, well she is also down to her underwear, sitting in front of me in just her bra and panties.
The table blocks my view of her lower half but that’s alright because I could stare at her upper half for hours. She is wearing a plain bra, nothing fancy about it but very practical and surprisingly very sexy.
That’s how she managed to get my shorts off me in the last round, I was too distracted staring at her tits spilling over the edges of the cups.
I’m all business this round though, determined to get at least some jerk off material out of her tonight, it’s pretty clear I won’t be getting anything else from her.
Funnily enough, that doesn’t bother me, I have come to really enjoy Eva’s company and I can’t wait until she is ready to give me what I want.
“Full house,” I place my cards down on the table and she lets out a dramatic ‘noooooo’, I on the other hand am grinning like a fool, one more round and she will be naked.
I don’t know why but she seems indecisive over something, “What’s wrong?”
“Just wondering what piece of clothing I should take off,” bra, definitely bra, if she takes her panties off I won’t be able to see anything unless I peer under the table and I’m no creep.
“Take off whatever you want sweetheart, you’re going to lose that last piece in the next round anyway,” she seems to have made her mind up and goes for her bra, slipping it off and managing to cover up at the same time, crafty woman.
She looks damn sexy sitting there topless with her hands covering her breasts, I take a few minutes admiring the view before speaking, “It’s your turn to deal,” she mutters fuck under her breath then reaches for the cards while trying to keep herself covered at the same time, doesn’t work though and I get to see some of those glorious pink and perky nipples. “Eva, just deal, I’ve already seen them and trust me, you have nothing to worry about,” she pauses in her shuffling to look up at me.
“What do you mean by that?” I can’t understand how she can be this insecure, the girl is insanely beautiful, doesn’t she know that?
“I mean, you shouldn’t try to cover yourself up, you’re beautiful,” she seems taken aback by my words but they must be what she wants to hear as she sits up straighter and starts dealing.
Distracted is an understatement for how I’m feeling, my dick is straining against my underwear and I’m finding it hard to concentrate. Doesn’t help that she found my weakness and started touching her breasts between her turns, little minx.
Not surprisingly she wins the last round but I am the real winner since she jumps up exclaiming victory and does a little jig. Her tits are jiggling up and down and I manage to catch a glimpse of her perk little butt cheeks hanging out of her panties when she spins around.
“I win! I win! Pants off mister,” oh I’ll take my pants off alright. I drop my underwear and stand up, walking over to stand directly in front of her having her little victory party.
She obviously didn’t think I would have a full-blown erection; her expression is priceless and I’m tempted to kiss her. Her breathing has gotten heavy and her eyes are glued to my junk but I don’t move, I want her to really want me. I don’t want her waking up and regretting her decision because once I get inside of her, I will only want her a whole lot more.
“Congrats on the win but I’ll be wanting a rematch,” I give her a soft slap on the butt before spinning on my heels and going to my room, praying she will follow me.
She doesn’t.
Chapter 20
Eva
We’re into our third week of the project and we are making good progress. Even Jason is making good progress. Well, with his building skills, not so much with me.
He has been flirting heavily with me but keeps maintaining we are just friends. I’m not so sure that guys flirt with girls like that if they are just friends.
Oh, who I am kidding, he wants me and I kinda want him back. If we were in the normal world, I would probably go for it, the only thing really holding me back is the fact that we only have just over two more months together.
That’s the problem with working at a place like this, the people who come here and help out, do amazing things for the local people and make wonderful memories but then they go home. And we stay here.
I don’t want to be just that girl he slept with while he was volunteering in Africa. I want to be more than a story, but more is impossible.
So instead, I put up with his flirting and test my will power. Which is definitely getting tested this week.
This lot of volunteers, contains a girl named Amber. Amber has short blonde hair, big fake breasts, that I might add are always somehow pointed at Jason’s face, fake tan and the most annoying laugh, she sounds like a hyena.
Jason and I started to have lunch together back at our place, we don’t talk much, but it’s nice. We use it as a break away from the others since we eat breakfast and dinner with them, as well as spending all day together and it can be a bit much sometimes.
But the last few days. Well, the last few days, Amber has been hanging all over him and I have eaten lunch alone.
I’ve also been too scared to go get anything from the supply containers, after Jason caught Fraser and Maria in there, I really don’t want to be caught in the same position.
But walking in to see Jason and Amber together. The thought shouldn’t get me so worked up but it does. He could be sleeping with her and I wouldn’t even know.
“What’s with the frown?” I jump with fright, not realizing there was anyone else nearby.
“Huh?” I look over to see Jason staring at me, I look past him and am fascinated by the fact that Amber isn’t lurking behind him.
“Who are you looking for?” he asks. That tart that seems to be following you around everywhere, instead I decide to go with something a little less volatile.
“Your bosom buddy, Amber,” I try to keep the disdain out of my voice as much as possible but I think I fail. Jason is trying to keep a smile off his face. I think my anger amuses him.
“Bosom buddy?” He doesn’t manage to keep his cool and bursts out laughing. I however, don’t see what’s so funny.
“Yes, bosom buddy. You know, intimate friend, always together,” I turn my back on him so that he can’t see me rolling my eyes. But he grabs my arm and pulls me back to face him.
“She’s not my bosom buddy, the only person I want as a bosom buddy is you,” maybe that used to be true but this week he has barely flirted with me at all. I am so pathetic. I am literally getting upset because someone else has his attention, this is what I wanted, for him to leave me alone.
It doesn’t feel as good as it should.
“There you are! I was looking everywhere for you!” Fucking Amber and her stupid high-pitched voice.
“Sure,” I turn around and stalk off before he can see the hurt in my eyes. I try my best to block out their conversation as I walk over to the lunch hall.
Once again, I eat alone in my room.
Chapter 21
Jason
Eva is jealous over Amber.
I’m not into Amber at all, but I am into the fact that Eva gets so jealous around her. Maybe she will get so jealous that she will stake her claim on me. I hope so, because this bitch is driving me insane.
I haven’t been able to have lunch with Eva since she got here. I always try to sneak away from her, but it’s like she attached a GPS tracker onto me somewhere, she just fucking pops up out of nowhere.
Last night she made a suggestive comment about how we should go for a ‘walk’ while everyone was at the bonfire. Even winked and rubbed her tits over my chest just in case I didn’t understand her subtle hint. The old me would have jumped at the chance to fuck her. But the old me hadn’t met Eva.
I haven’t wanted to date a girl in a long time. Probably because every girl I tried to date didn’t get the stamp of approval from my father, he just got rid of them if he thought they weren’t good enough so it was better not to get attached.
Most of them he could scare off with words or threats, one time he paid a chick twenty grand to leave me alone and another one, well let’s just say I got sent some disturbing pics of them…together.
I ended that one pretty quickly. Took me a while to shake her as well. Crazy bitch. I dodged a bullet with that one.
All the other girls I dated were because they were considered ‘appropriate’ by my father or he wanted something from one of their fathers. According to Douglas Harrington, dating was a game of strategy.
But Eva hadn’t been tainted by that world. My world. She wouldn’t fit in there. To be honest, I don’t really know if I fit in there anymore either. I don’t think I have for a while but didn’t realize until now.
“Penny for your thoughts?” I look up to see Maria smiling at me. We’re doing the lunch prep together and it’s one of the rare occasions this week that Amber hasn’t been with me.
“Just thinking about Eva,” she seems to take up most of my thoughts these days, and my dreams, at least in my dreams I get to fuck her, daily.
“Ahhh, I see,” she smiles knowingly.
“What do you see?” please don’t say me pining after someone that I can never have.
“Well, I see the two of you together and its obvious you guys like each other,” she thinks that Eva likes me?
“Really?” my heart starts to burn and I rub at my chest. I have been feeling that a lot lately. Not sure I enjoy it.
“Yes, really. Just keep at her, she has had a hard life and puts walls up around herself so she won’t get hurt. You’re nearly there,” she’s had a hard life? I don’t like the sound of that.
“Nearly there?” I really don’t follow with that part.
“To get Eva in your bed,” what the fuck? She laughs at me, “Don’t act so surprised, I’m not as quiet as you think. Although, I will say this, Eva wants to be more than just your bed buddy,” I sigh. I think I stopped just wanting to fuck her a while ago, somewhere along the way she became important to me.
“I want more too,” I’m surprised by a hard slap to my back.
“Well, good. Cos, otherwise I would have had to kick your ass,” I look over my shoulder to see Fraser eating an apple with a shit eating grin on his face.
“You could help me you know,” the irritation is clear in my voice.
“Trust me, I am helping,” like fuck he is helping, he is too busy with Maria now that they are a couple. It’s like he forgot about the rest of us wanting a happy ending too.
“Helping with what?” Shit. Eva just walked in. How much did she hear?
“Lunch prep,” at least Fraser is good for something even if he is a shitty liar.
“Yeah, you look like you are working real hard,” Fraser takes her under his arm and noogies her head, those two act like siblings. I can’t believe I thought they were a couple when I first got here.
“As a matter of fact, I was just coming in to take over for Jason. The ditzy blonde is distracted by Jabu at the moment and he wants to make a clean escape so he can eat lunch with you,” Smooth bastard. I drop what I am doing and take the two sandwiches that Maria is holding out in one hand. I grab Eva’s hand in mine and drag her out of the hall, not stopping until we are tucked away safely at our place with the door firmly closed.
And locked.
Chapter 22
Eva
I don’t feel like I have been asleep very long when I wake up needing to go to the bathroom, I stumble half asleep out my bedroom door.
As I’m walking across the room, I notice Jason’s door is wide open and the moon is shining through his bedroom window, illuminating his figure.
He is sleeping on top of his sheet, one hand resting behind his head and the other is inside his underwear. That’s all he’s wearing.
I take a moment to fully appreciate his body without the thought of someone catching me in the act. He really is beautiful. He seems like a different person than when he first arrived here, so cocky and self-assured. It’s been nice getting to know this version of him.
Just then his hand that is in his underwear starts to move, I freeze. Is he awake? He looks like he is gripping his shaft and pumping up and down, that can’t be right.
I feel my nipples tighten as I watch him. Is he having a dream? I find myself flushing, thinking he might be dreaming about me. I tear my eyes off his movement for just a moment to look at his face.
Shit.
His eyes are open.
He’s awake.
And he’s looking straight at me.
I’m stuck between watching him, joining him in bed or running away. My body has decided not to cooperate with my mind and it does nothing.
I just stand there, watching him. I’m not sure what to do, part of me wants to join him but another part, an even bigger part is screaming that I’m not ready yet. That I’m starting to develop real feelings for this man, a man that will be leaving in two months.
My mind finally wins out and I walk back to my room, shut the door and lie down on my bed. I never did go to the bathroom, but now I’m too chicken to go out there, afraid if I do, I won’t be able to walk past his door a second time.
The following morning, I wake up later than usual, surprisingly I had a good sleep, a very good sleep.
I dreamt of Jason, of us, together. I smile thinking about it, maybe I was too hasty to go back to my room last night.
I jump up almost desperate now that I remember I never did go back to use the bathroom. Once again Jason’s bedroom door is open but this time he isn’t lying on his bed, he isn’t in the bathroom either.
I sigh, thinking that maybe this is for the best. Maybe we are just better off just being friends, it would save inevitable heart break down the road.
Well, it would save my heart at least.
Chapter 23
Eva
“Can you believe her?” When Fraser doesn’t respond I look over to make sure he heard me. But I see him rolling his eyes instead, “What?”
“No, no. Go ahead. Tell me what she has done, this time,” I scoff. I haven’t been complaining about her…that much.
“Whatever. Just look at her. She is blatantly sticking her boobs in his face. Look, look, now she’s bending over. Who bends over like that to pick up some nails?” she is completely desperate; I don’t know how men can find someone like that attractive.
“A hot chick?” He is currently squatting down finishing off some stairs so I kick him with my foot, knocking him off balance, “Oomph,” he stands up, clearly irritated with me. “What was that for?” No, Fraser does not get to be mad at me when I’m mad at him.
“You’re supposed to be on my side,” great. Now I sound like a whining five-year-old.
“If it makes you feel any better, he checks your ass out all the time,” he does? I try to hide the fact that that excites me.
“Really?” Fraser just shakes his head and I realize my excitement over that piece of information was clearly obvious. It’s just Jason has been here for three weeks and during the first two weeks he was hanging around me like a bad smell trying to sleep with me. Now little miss blonde tits just follows him around everywhere with googly eyes and I get nothing.
“You’re jealous,” I am insanely jealous.
“What? No, I’m not,” I’m a big fat liar too. He gives me the side eye, “Okay, I’m jealous. Help me. What do I do?”
“Go over there,” how is that a good idea, that’s a stupid plan.
“Just go over there? That’s your masterplan?” I should find Maria. Even Neil or Patrick would give me better advice. I start looking around for someone more intelligent.
“Yes. It’s pretty simple. He likes you. You’re obviously jealous over Amber so just go over there. All his attention will be back to you and everyone will be happy. Maybe then some of us will actually get some work done,” that last part was said under his breath but I heard him anyway. Jerk. “Anyway, these stairs are finished, so…see ya.”
He’s gone before I can protest and now I’m standing here staring at Jason and Amber. I was doing that already but at least before I could pretend I was only talking to Fraser. Now I look like a stalker.
Amber giggles.
Screw it, I’m going in.
“Hey Jason. Amber. How are you guys going over here?” I make sure to give all my attention to Jason. I’m going for super petty today.
“Hey babe,” babe? Jason surprises me by putting one arm around my back in a half hug and presses his lips to mine with a soft kiss.
Holy shit.
He kissed me.
Jason kissed me. I’m trying to form words but all that leaves my mouth is air. Amber huffs before stalking off. I don’t look to see where she went. I don’t care. His other arm goes around me and he kisses me again, “Thanks for that.”
My body is on fire for this man.
“Th-, thanks for, um, what?” He pulls me closer to his body and mine thrums with excitement.
“For getting rid of Amber, she was driving me insane.” I can feel his eyes penetrating mine, the heat in them is unmistakable. I lick my lips and that’s all it takes.
His mouth crashes down on mine. My hands start exploring his body at their own will. Jason’s tongue is probing my lips so I grant him entrance, moaning when our tongues collide.
One of his hands goes to my hair while his other hand slips lower, sliding over my backside and roughly grabbing my butt cheek, bringing our centers together. I can feel his erection digging into my stomach and it only serves to turn me on more.
His groans are beginning to matching my own. I start to bring my leg up around his hip when I hear cat calls. We both freeze.
Slowly, I pull back from Jason and turn my head to the side. Jabu and some of the other villages are fixing a roof to one of the houses nearby. They are whistling and clapping but I have no idea what they are saying. Jabu must read my mind as he calls out.
“They are saying, ‘about time lovebirds’,” I look back at Jason but he just shrugs.
“Let’s go get some lunch,” lunch? My face is on fire. I am so humiliated. I can’t believe I just made out with Jason in front of everyone…like a horny teenager. I take a step back ready to blot, “Whoa there. Don’t go running from me now,” his arms are back around me, pulling me towards him, “Not when I finally got a taste,” I start spluttering, trying to form a sentence. “Come on, let’s go back to our place,” that snaps me out of it.
“No way!” His brows come together in confusion.
“Why not?” he asks.
Um, because if we disappear now it will only create a huge amount of gossip.
“Because everyone will think we are going to have sex,” and if we go back to our place, that’s what will most likely happen.
“So?” his smile is devious. He leans back down and kisses me again. I take a moment to savor his kiss before stepping away.
“I’m project lead, I can’t just step away during the day to have sex. There’s work to be done,” there, that’s the perfect excuse.
“Okay,” he picks up his hammer, turns around and starts working. Totally not what I was expecting him to do.
“Um, what are you doing?” I at least expected him to try a little bit harder to sleep with me.
“Working,” he grins at me over his shoulder. Smartass.
“I can see that but why?” was I a bad kisser? Has he lost interest in me now?
“It’s pretty simple really,” he stands in front of me leaning down to whisper in my ear. “You’re the project lead and you need to be respected. I get that. But if I’m going to be honest it’s because you finally admitted that you want to have sex with me,” I scoff, that’s not entirely true.
“No, I didn’t,” but I think I want too now.
“Yes, you did. See you tonight,” he gives me a wink, squeezes my butt cheek and kisses my forehead softly before once again, going back to work.
I’m standing there, frozen, my feet refusing to move. My brain is trying to decide whether I say screw it, grab Jason and head back to our room or whether I should do some actual work today.
“Told you,” is whispered in my ear and I jump about a foot in the air, my heart racing a million miles an hour. Fraser is snickering behind me, “Need help man?” He walks straight past me.
Some friend, throwing me under the bus like that.
“Yeah, sure. Thanks,” The two of them just carry on working while I’m still standing here looking like an idiot, willing my legs to move.
Chapter 24
Jason
That kiss. Fuck, that kiss. I thought I was addicted before, but now, now I know I’m addicted. I need more. One kiss was just not enough.
It took all my willpower not to drag her back to my room and make love to her. Make love to her? Seriously? Fuck, I’m turning into a pussy. If my friends could see me now, they would be giving me hell. But seriously, I need inside her and soon.
I bide my time over the next few days, waiting for Amber to leave. She is even more annoying now that I know for sure Eva is into me. I hide away while everyone says goodbye to this round of volunteers.
Eva will be watching and I’m scared Amber will try give me a goodbye kiss or something. The last thing I want to do is piss Eva off.
Once they are gone, I notice Eva go to hop into the Land Rover, it’s one of those cool old school looking Defender models and it’s normally used for picking up supplies in Simunye.
I race over to her before she can take off, “Going somewhere?” She jumps before turning around with her hand over her heart.
“Jason, you scared me.” That’s because I didn’t want you to leave without me, but I don’t say that, I don’t want to come across as a sap.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to, where are you going?” and can you take me with you?
“Into Simunye, I need to pick up some more supplies and be back in time to greet the new round of volunteers,” hmmmm, hours of alone time with Eva, sounds perfect.
“Can I come?” My hands are in my pockets and I’m rocking back and forth on my heels like a high school kid asking a girl to prom. There is something seriously wrong with my game.
“Sure, that would be nice,” nice? Well I’ll be damned. I jump in the passenger seat before she can change her mind, excited to get on the road.
We sit in a comfortable silence for most of the way there. I catch her sneaking glances my way and to be honest, I’m doing the exact same thing to her. It’s just like she said, it’s nice.
“You look happy today,” I glance over at Eva, surprised by her comment.
“I am happy,” mostly it’s because of her but I don’t say that.
“It’s just that, well, you looked kind of pissed off when you first arrived, like you were angry at the world…” She trails off, I give her a few seconds to finish her sentence but I realize she isn’t going to.
“I was,” she doesn’t respond to my comment and I don’t really know what to say either, I don’t want to dive into my personal life with her, so we go back to the comfortable silence thing.
Except this time, I reach over and take her hand in mine. She doesn’t pull away, which is a small victory and we sit like that for the rest of the drive.
I continue to hold her hand while we walk around Simunye, picking up what we need to. I only let go when we need to carry things to the truck. It’s nice. I’ve never really held a girl’s hand before but I like it. I like Eva.
I take her out to lunch while we are there, pretending in my head that it’s an actual date.
When it’s time for us to leave I notice a sports store and pause, “Hey Eva, how come I haven’t seen any of the kids in the village playing any games or anything. I mean, I see them running around but it’s just them, no football or anything,” she gives me a sad look in return.
“That’s because they don’t have any sports equipment. We’re hoping to get some funding when the school is up and running, but unfortunately for the kids, the practical things get priority,” fuck. What an idiot. I can’t believe I didn’t even realize that.
I walk across the street, Eva trailing after me asking what I’m doing. I can’t respond to her; I feel too ashamed with myself. I walk into the store and start grabbing balls at random.
“They like soccer,” Eva is trailing behind me, looking at me with curiosity.
“What?” who is she talking about?
“The kids, they like soccer. They often kick around an old drink bottle or something pretending to be David Beckham,” she’s holding up a soccer ball as she says this.
“Okay, get them all,” my statement has shocked her, she is staring at me with her mouth open, frozen in place.
“What?” surely, she can grasp what I’m trying to do here.
“Buy them all,” I try not to sound like a dick because I’m not mad at her, I’m mad at myself. Here I am with more money than I know what to do with and these kids don’t even have a ball to kick around.
“But there are like five soccer balls here. Jason, it’s a sweet idea but The Housing Project can’t fund this yet,” I never asked her for any money.
“The Housing Project isn’t funding this, I am. Get the damn soccer balls, and anything else you can think of that they will like,” I don’t mean to snap at her. I look up to apologize and pause when I see the tears in her eyes.
She reaches up on her toes to kiss me. I expect a soft peck but instead it turns forceful, passionate and almost urgent.
All too soon she pulls back, looking around embarrassed that she forgot herself in a sports store. I can’t help but laugh and she gives me a shy smile in return.
Fuck, this woman, she’s something else alright.
We have finished loading up the Land Rover full of sports supplies and Eva stops me before I hop in the passenger seat.
“You are an amazing man, Jason Bourke,” my chest tightens painfully. No one has ever said that to me and meant it. She lifts up onto her toes to press a gentle kiss to my cheek before walking around and hoping into the driver’s side.
We spend the whole trip back hand in hand.
It’s perfect.
Chapter 25
Eva
The next week flies by and it’s been so much better than I thought it would be, Jason has been incredible.
He spends about an hour each day playing football or soccer or whatever else the kids want to play. That’s the favorite part of my day. Jason running around, shirtless.
Another positive this week is that there wasn’t anyone even remotely attractive in the new volunteer group. I have been silently hoping that it remains that way for the next two months. Two months. I hate being reminded that Jason is only here temporarily.
“Hey babe, what’s up?” Jason has his arm around my shoulder and gives me a kiss on the side of my head.
That’s the other thing about Jason, since our trip to Simunye, he has been really affectionate but doesn’t push for anything to happen. It’s like he is content with how things are going.
“Just putting a sign together for the Church. What about you?” I try to focus on what I am doing but I can never seem to focus on anything when Jason is hanging around.
“Patrick needs some more wire,” that doesn’t really explain what he’s doing.
“Oh, so you’re his errand boy now,” I say with a teasing tone of voice.
“No, I volunteered. Wanted to see my favorite girl on the way,” next thing I know his lips are on mine, my hands are in his hair and his hands seem to be everywhere all at once, I give his hair a small tug and Jason groans. “Fuck, baby, you know I love it when you do that,” his response turns me on and I drag him closer to my body. His hands slide lower, grabbing my bottom and squeezing hard. “This is my favorite thing in the whole world,” I whimper slightly when his lips leave mine again.
He whispers ‘later’ in my ear and walks away backwards. Winking at my stunned expression before turning around and disappearing from my sight, meanwhile I stand there like an idiot trying to get my breathing under control.
“Would you like me to fan you?” I look over to see Fraser’s smug expression. I turn and hit him before concentrating on my sign once again, ignoring him. “Oh, come on, you look beyond flustered. Have you slept with him yet?” I blush heavily, hoping he doesn’t notice.
“No,” I wish he would stop asking me that.
“Why not? Sleeping with Maria was the best thing that ever happened to me. How do you know it won’t be the same with Jason?” I have no doubt that the sex between us would be earth shattering but that’s not why I’m holding back.
“Because he’s leaving in two months!” I don’t mean to snap but he was asking for it, prying into my personal life, it should be obvious how I feel.
“Oh, sweetie,” great, now somehow he feels pity for me. Fraser wraps me up in a bear hug and it only makes me feel a tiny bit better, “That’s what you are worried about? You can’t let that stop you from enjoying life. You never know what the future may hold. He could fall madly in love with you and give up his life in the States. You could follow him home and he might ask you to marry him. Or…you could fuck his brains out for two months.”
“FRASER!” He folds over from the force of my slap to his stomach. Too bad he is also laughing. I really wanted to hurt him.
“Look, all I’m saying is stop over thinking this. You’re young, just have fun for once and let loose. Have a few orgasms while you are at it, on second thought don’t tell me about those but it might make you a bit nicer to be around.” He finishes his sentence as he is running away, laughing.
Sometimes I really do question our friendship. But is he right? Am I over thinking this?
Probably.
But the question is, what do I do about it?
Chapter 26
Jason
“Hey, did anyone eat the fish last night?” Maria is addressing a bunch of us who are working on putting a roof onto one of the houses. A chorus of resounding ‘no’s’ ring out before they all get to work but I stop Maria before she walks on to the next group of people.
“Why does it matter who ate the fish last night?” Eva ate the fish last night and I haven’t seen her since then, I hope she’s alright.
“Three people are sick with food poisoning, I’m trying to figure out what did it and so far the only thing they have in common is eating the fish from last night,” she must be wondering if I ate the fish or not, she has taken a step back and is looking at me funny.
“Shit,” I run my hands through my hair, panicking, “Eva ate the fish last night.”
“Where is she?” There is concern in her voice and I instantly get worried about her.
“I haven’t seen her yet, her door was shut when I got up this morning, I couldn’t hear her moving around and I figured she had already left for the day,” fuck, “I’ll go check on her.”
“Thanks, let me know how she is,” I don’t respond as I’m already running over to the staff housing area.
Fuck, I hope she’s okay.
The first thing I hear when I open the door to our place is a retching sound coming from the bathroom, “Eva?” I go over and try the bathroom door but it’s locked, “Eva, its Jason let me in,” I begin pounding on the door when I don’t hear anything after a few seconds.
“Go away!” I can tell she is trying her best to yell at me but it comes out more like a cry for help.
“Eva, please…just please let me in, I want to help you,” fuck, I need to help this girl. I can’t just walk away and I’m practically begging her to let me in so I can hold her fucking hair.
“No,” is she crying? Fuck, I need to get in there.
“What do you mean no?” I ask incredulously, if she doesn’t open this door, I’m going to force my way in there by any means necessary.
“I mean no,” she vomits again in the toilet. “Just go away Jason I don’t want you to see me like this.” See her like what? Sick? I can handle a bit of vomit.
“Well tough, you need fluids and you are probably overheating in there, just open the door,” that damn bathroom is like a sauna in this heat.
After a minute or two I hear some shuffling, I’m tempted to bang on the door again but I really want her to let me in and I’m afraid of hurting her if I break the door down. She sounds horrible and I’m worried about her, shit, I’m worried about a chick because she’s sick.
I’m in way over my head with this one.
Luckily, before I can think myself into an early grave the door opens and Eva almost falls face first to the floor. “Whoa there girl, are you okay?” I manage to catch her before she breaks her nose, but barely.
“No,” she’s clearly crying now, “I feel awful.”
“Come here,” I scoop her up into my arms and carry her into the bedroom. She is literally covered in sweat and her face looks an odd shade of green.
“No, no, I need to stay near the toilet,” I carefully lay her down on her bed before brushing her matted hair off her face. Fuck. She looks awful too and she is way too hot. Well of course she’s hot but her skin feels like it’s on fire. “OMG, I look hideous, don’t I?” Is she seriously worried about how she looks right now?
“No, you don’t, you look beautiful,” I don’t think Eva is even capable of looking ugly, at least not to me.
“You’re a liar, but there is a plus side to all this,” yeah, I can think of a few plus sides, alone time being at the forefront of my mind, I’m not used to there being people around constantly.
“Yeah, and what’s that?” she is gazing up at me with a vulnerable look on her face.
“Having seen me like this you won’t be trying to sleep with me anymore,” I scoff, girl is delusional. “What?” she seems genuinely confused by my response.
“Baby, trust me, when you’re better, I’ll stick want to fuck you,” hell I’d fuck her right now if she didn’t feel like crap.
“Huh?” I turn around and leave the room cracking up laughing, poor girl thinks I’m joking. I rummage around and find an old bucket around the back of the house; I rinse it out and then take it back to Eva.
“Here, if you need to be sick, vomit in here,” she recoils as I place it on the floor next to the bed.
“Ewww, no, who’s guna clean that. Just put me back on the toilet, please,” she’s cute when she’s begging but there is no way I’m putting her back in that bathroom.
“I’m going to clean it, just do what I say,” I leave the room again before she has a chance to argue with me. I grab a big jug of water from the kitchen along with a glass, I go back to her room, placing both items near Eva’s bed before grabbing a bowl of clean water and a wash cloth.
“What are you doing?” she has a panicked look in her eyes.
“Shhhhh,” I dip the wash cloth into the bowl and then rub it on her forehead.
“Ohhhhh. That feels sooo good,” I repeat the process a few more times and continue down onto her chest, her arms, her legs and she shivers the entire time. I lift her camisole up revealing her toned stomach and when I start rubbing the wash cloth on her stomach she moans, loudly.
“Eva, you are going to have to stop with the moaning, you’re giving me a semi,” she cracks one eye open.
“Seriously?” a small smile works its way onto her lips.
“Deadly serious,” she closes her eye before moaning again. Tease.
“Ohhhh, Jason, don’t stop,” she moans and then starts laughing.
“Well if you can laugh, I’m taking it you’re feeling better?” she sure looks a hell of a lot better.
“Much, thank you. But seriously, don’t stop with the wash cloth, it feels amazing,” I wasn’t planning on stopping, those sexy moans are driving me insane.
“Good, now here,” I lift the glass of water up to her lips, being careful not to spill any on her. “Drink up, but small sips,” and that’s how we spend the next hour. I help Eva to keep her fluids up while at the same time trying to keep her cool with the wash cloth.
We barely talk the entire time but Eva continues to moan and I continue to get turned on. Eva seems spent and after a while she drifts off to sleep, I place the wash cloth on her forehead then sit down on the floor with my back against the opposite wall.
Something under her bed catches my eye, I reach forward to find a book. Huh, I can’t remember the last time I read a book, might as well give it a go. I don’t want to leave Eva on her own in case she vomits in her sleep and this seems like the perfect way to pass the time.
Chapter 27
Eva
I wake feeling much, much better. Jason was right, I was overheating in that bathroom.
As soon as he laid me down on my bed and started rubbing me down with that cool cloth, I felt sooo much better. And he was sweet, really sweet. I can’t believe he stayed with me while I was sick, I expected him to stay far, far away from me while I was in that condition but once again, he surprised me.
I should go find him, to thank him. Maybe do something nice for him in return, like naughty nice.
I go to hop out of my bed and get the fright of my life when I see that Jason is still in my room. He’s sitting on the floor with his back against the wall, reading. He looks beautiful like that; I wonder what he’s reading.
I look at the cover. Oh no. No. No. NO.
“What are you doing?” Fuck, he’s reading my book. My dirty book. Shit.
“Oh, so she’s awake. How are you feeling?” he doesn’t put my book down.
“Jason, are you reading my book?” he doesn’t even look up from the pages.
“I am. Have been for the last few hours too, its riveting stuff,” noooooo. I lie back down on the bed, covering my face with my hands. I’m mortified.
“Kill me, just please kill me,” I could die right now, that book was left behind by a volunteer ages ago and it’s one of the dirtier ones I have ever read.
“Kill you? Why would I kill you when you have porn under your bed?” Porn! More like an erotic romance novel but I guess guys can’t tell the difference.
“It’s not porn!” I feel the bed dip. Oh god he’s sitting next to me. I can’t look him in the eye. The bed dips further. What is he doing? I open my eyes and make a crack in my fingers to see through, “Jason, what are you doing?” he is lying next to me on the bed with his back leaning against the wall.
“Trying to get comfy, I was getting a bit stiff down there on the floor and I was just getting to a really good bit,” he is still reading.
“Jason, give me the book back,” I reach for it but he holds his arm up in the air, damn long, sexy arms, “Please,” I do my best hurt puppy look.
“Nope. But I can read to you if you like. She was just about to touch his quivering member,” read to me? Is he insane?
“Jason!” I jump up trying the grab the book but he is too fast, I spend the next few minutes trying and failing to get my book back before I start to feel queasy, “Oh, ummm.”
“Shit, do you feel sick?” He instantly stops mucking around, throwing the book on the floor, “Do you need your bucket?”
“No. No, I think I’m okay, thanks,” Jason lies back down dragging me with him, he wraps his arms around me and puts my head on his chest.
“Go back to sleep Eva.”
“Mmmmmm, okay.”
The next time I wake, my head is still resting on Jason’s chest but this time my leg is draped over his and his hand is on my thigh, rather close to my va-. “Holy shit! Is that drool?!” I sit up to wipe my face and yes, yes, it is. The only response I get is laughter. OMG this cannot be happening.
“I think I need a shower, do you want to go first or should I join you, you know, to save water?” What is Jason talking about, sharing the shower?
“What?” am I still asleep?
“That’s okay, I’ll go first. But I’ll leave the door open in case you need to come in and vomit, or you know, need something else,” he winks at me before getting up and strutting from the room.
I’m still sitting on the bed stunned when I hear the shower start up. What should I do? I poke my head around the door and sure enough the door to the bathroom has been left wide open. I sneak over to the door and peer inside. The curtain is shut and I can’t see anything. What am I doing? Am I seriously trying to catch a peek?
“Eva, just jump in, I know you want to,” his voice is all seductive with a hint of laughter.
“Eekkk!!” he heard me, fuck, he heard me. Could my life get any more embarrassing? I lie back down on my bed and when the shower shuts off, I pretend to be asleep. Real mature Eva, real mature.
I hear footsteps coming towards me but I refuse to open my eyes. I am asleep. I am asleep.
“Showers all yours,” I feel a kiss on my forehead and I open my eyes to see Jason walking back out the door, naked. Fuck. I don’t know how much longer I can hold out. At this point I’m not sure why I’m even holding out at all.
He turns his head to look back at me just before he moves out of my line of sight, “Let’s read more of that book later.”
Fuck. My. Life.
***
I’m going to do it. I’m going to sleep with Jason.
Tonight.
It’s been long enough. We are two consenting adults. We both find each other attractive. There is nothing wrong with casual sex.
Or hoping casual sex leads to something else.
Nope. Casual. I can do casual sex. Right? No. I mean, yes.
Don’t second guess your decision, just do it. Fuck, I can’t remember being this nervous before sex.
Probably because it’s been a while and Jason looks like a sex on a stick. What if I’m not good enough in bed? What if once he sleeps with me, he moves on straight away?
“What’s going on in there?” Jason asks. He’s tapping my brain. If only he knew.
We are sitting down at the weekly bonfire. Normally it’s a fun, relaxed affair but tonight I’m wound tighter than a corkscrew.
“Oh, nothing. Nothing, at all. I want a drink. Do you want a drink? I’m going to get a drink.” I’m up and walking over to get a drink before he even responds, but I do hear him chuckling behind me. 
Alcohol. Why didn’t I think of this before! Alcohol, always does the trick. I’ll be feeling better in no time.
Brilliant plan, Eva.
Just, brilliant.
Chapter 28
Jason
Eva’s drunk, very drunk.
We just made it back to our place after the bonfire, Eva half walked and was half dragged behind me. I tried to carry her but I’m not quite sure what her legs were up to, I think she was trying to put them around mine but I’m not sure.
All of a sudden, her tits are rubbing up against my chest and she’s on her tippy toes with her lips in a pout. Is she trying to kiss me?
“Kiss me Jason,” fuck. Her voice is all hot and breathy. “Please, kiss me,” she finally wants to sleep me, after all this time and she’s decided to do it shit faced, just my luck.
“No, Eva y-” she interrupts me before I even have the chance to explain.
“Don’t you want me Jason?” She has stepped back from me only to start rubbing her hands all over her body, grabbing her breasts.
“What? Of course, I want you,” is she insane? I’ve wanted her from the first moment I laid eyes on her.
“Then what’s the problem?” she’s pouting now for real, damn, I’ve upset her.
“You’re drunk Eva, really drunk,” and I want you to remember our first time together.
“So?” Before I can stop her, she brings her tank top over her head and throws it across the room. I’m too busy staring down at her tits in awe to realize that she’s taking her bra off as well.
“Eva, wai-” too late. There’s no way our first time is going to be when she is this drunk. I refuse to take advantage of her but she is testing my self-restraint.
Unfortunately, my reflexes decide to kick in when Eva puts her hands on her hips, ready to strip out of her shorts.
“No,” I’m holding onto her wrists, stopping her from getting completely naked. Damn. I should get a medal for this shit.
“Why?” she genuinely looks confused.
“Fuck you’re cute Eva,” she stomps her foot like a child.
“Cute. CUTE? I don’t want to be cute Jason, I want to be sexy,” her bottom lip starts to quiver. “I want you to want me, I thought you wanted to fuck me,” I groan, willing my dick to stop twitching in my pants.
“Eva, baby, I don’t think you have any idea how sexy you are. And yes, I want to fuck you, badly, but I want to do it when we are both sober because I sure as hell won’t be stopping with just one round,” try at least three rounds.
“Really?” she seems pleased with my answer.
“Really,” I confirm with a nod.
“Okay,” she beams up at me and it’s the cutest thing in the world.
“How about we go into your room and cuddle instead?” I can’t believe I just offered to cuddle a half-naked chick.
“Cuddle?” she looks down at her naked chest and then back up at me, confusion written all over face.
“Yes,” why did she have to get so drunk tonight? The last thing I want to do is cuddle.
“Like hugging, cuddle?” she gestures with her arms in a circle.
“Yes, Eva, like hugging, cuddle,” fuck she’s adorable with her nose all screwed up, looking confused as shit.
“Ummmm, okay?” her voice sounds like she is asking me a question.
“Okay then, let’s go,” she moves into her bedroom, stopping every couple of steps to look behind her, like she thinks I’m going to disappear.
Eva lies down on the bed and before she has a chance to get comfortable, I scoot in behind her playing the big spoon. I scoop up her hand and hold it in my mine, resting them both on her chest right underneath her breast. Hmmm, this is nice, I could get used to this.
Before too long she is sound asleep, snoring softly, I kiss her head then bury my face into her hair. I wish I could fall asleep as quickly as she did but my erection is digging into her backside and it’s begging for release. I need to calm down and get to sleep, maybe we could pick things back up in the morning.
Yeah, the morning.
She should be sober enough by then.
Chapter 29
Eva
I wake up with a foggy head and the room is spinning, shit, how much did I drink last night? I start to move then realize there is something poking me in the backside, something hard. I freeze. Is that what I think it is?
“Morning beautiful,” fuck. It’s then that I realize I’m naked from the waist up, Jason is spooning me from behind, holding my hand that is very close to touching my breast, my very naked breast.
“I’m naked,” why am I naked?
“No, you still have your shorts on but we can rectify that issue,” he starts kissing my shoulder, working his way up to my neck.
I manage to squeak out, “But, but I’m not wearing a top,” I don’t even want to think about my lower half, I’m just glad that it’s still covered up.
“No, no you are not,” It’s at that exact moment he decides to bring his thumb up and brush it against my nipple, I shiver.
He takes that as encouragement to keep going, his other hand leaves mine to palm my breast, rubbing and flicking my nipple. His penis starts moving against my bottom and I release a painfully loud moan. This only seems to excite him. His hand thrusts down inside my underwear and goes straight between my folds.
God, I’m so wet. So, turned on by this man.
The thought that he will eventually leave me is forgotten, at this point he could be leaving tomorrow and I would still fuck him.
It’s insane just how needy his is making me for his touch.
He alternates between thrusting his fingers inside of me and then circling my clit, his rhythm against my backside starts to get faster and faster, matching the speed of his fingers. My breathing is heavy, I don’t even recognize the sounds that are coming out of my mouth and I’m starting to shake all over.
It’s been so long since someone has touched me like this and I’m not going to last very long.
A few minutes later and I’m clenching around his fingers, shaking uncontrollably. My orgasm builds quickly and I climax, hard.
Both his fingers and his crotch ride out my orgasm with slow strokes. I have never had an orgasm like that, that was incredible.
Why the fuck did I wait so long to experience this?
After a moment, Jason withdrawals his hand from my panties and places it back around my waist, he kisses my shoulder and just lies there, holding me. That was amazing…perfect.
Should I return the favor? I probably should, it would be the polite thing to do.
I don’t have time to think about that idea any further though, Jason hops up out of bed, kisses my head and leaves the room.
What? Not long after I hear the shower turn on, I’m still lying in bed processing my thoughts a few minutes later when the water shuts off. Jason comes back into the room wearing nothing but a towel, he sits on the edge of the bed and strokes a few stray hairs away from my face.
“Eva, baby, don’t overthink this okay. Now get up and grab a quick shower before we go and have breakfast,” this time he kisses me quickly on the lips before getting up and leaving the room.
I still don’t move.
“Eva! Shower!”
Shit.
Right.
Shower.
Okay, I can do this, right?
***
“He gave me an orgasm,” Fraser is just about to take a sip of his coffee when I impart my amazing news, he inhales and almost chokes on his coffee. Whoops. Maybe I shouldn’t have dropped that on him while he was taking a sip.
“Who gave you an orgasm?” surely, he knows there is only one answer to that question.
“Jason,” I can’t help it, a huge grin spreads across my face.
“When?” he is clearly shocked that I finally gave in.
“This morning!” I practically squeal in delight.
“Did you sleep with him?” his expression makes me think that he doesn’t believe me.
“No,” but if Jason hadn’t gotten up to get in the shower I would have.
“Blow job?” he is still looking at me through narrowed eyes.
“What? No!” I smack Fraser on the arm, he can be so crude sometimes.
“So, let me get this straight,” he places his coffee mug back down on the bench so he now has full use of both hands, “You expect me to believe that Jason gave you an orgasm and you didn’t get him off in return?”
“Yeah, what’s so hard to believe about that?” It’s actually pretty sexy, unless he didn’t want to sleep with me.
“I’m sorry, are we still 16? Why didn’t you fuck him?” He seems almost disappointed in me.
“What? Oh, well, um, I was thinking about doing something back but then he jumped up to have a shower,” we did have to get ready for work after all.
“He left you there?” I think Fraser might be enjoying his payback a little too much, it wasn’t that long ago we were having a similar conversation when he first kissed Maria.
“Yeah, so?” this is a totally different situation, he wants me, well at least I’m pretty sure he does, or did.
“I hate to break it to you but I don’t think that’s a good sign,” he picks his coffee mug back up and takes a sip.
“Why not?” now I really do sound like I’m 16.
“I dunno, maybe you were one of those annoying screamers,” Fraser is enjoying tormenting me a little too much.
I scoff, “No, I don’t scream,” wait, maybe I did? I’m not really sure what came out of my mouth this morning.
I thought he was really sweet afterwards. He kissed me, that has to be a good sign, right? But then what if Fraser is right, what if I did something wrong and now I’ve missed my chance. Just when I finally decided that that’s what I want.
I’m so lost in my thoughts that I don’t notice Jason come up behind me.
“Hey baby,” he puts his hand on my lower back and kisses my forehead, “You want a coffee?”
“Um...y, yes, yes please,” I watch him walk away for a few seconds before I turn back to Fraser, his mouth is hanging open.
“What?” What’s wrong now?
“Yeah, you definitely didn’t do anything wrong,” his eyes flick down to my crotch before looking me in the eyes again. “Do you have a magic pussy or something?”
“FRASER!” I look around quickly, hoping no one else heard him.
“What? It’s a serious question,” his expression screams the opposite.
“Why would you think I had, a, a magic p-, um, you know,” I can feel my face heating.
“Eva, you just turned that man from player to whipped boyfriend with one orgasm. Trust me when I say that doesn’t happen unless the chick has a magic pussy,” I’m still not really following but that sounds like it’s a good thing, I think.
“Eww, Fraser that’s gross. Stop it, and he’s not my boyfriend,” if only it were that easy.
“Okay, well I’m going to get to work, you have fun with all that, but next time, share the details with someone else,” if he doesn’t want me to share then why is he always asking about my sex life?
“Why? You tell me about your sex life all the time,” talk about double standards.
“Yeah but I’m a guy and you’re like my sister,” his expression seems to say, duh, isn’t it obvious? He walks away just as Jason comes back with my coffee.
“Two sugars and a dash of milk, right?” I take the coffee from him trying not to read too much into the fact he knows exactly how I like my coffee.
“Yeah, how did you know that?” I take sip, “Mmmmm,” perfect. He clears his throat, looking uncomfortable.
“Um, I pay attention. So, what’s on the agenda for today,” he spoke in one big hurried breath. Is he embarrassed that he took note of how I like my coffee? I thought it was sweet.
Chapter 30
Jason
I want another repeat of this morning. Now. I took off to our room tonight straight after dinner. I was getting worked up at all the possibilities that could happen tonight.
But now that I’m here I’m not sure what to do. Do I go to my room or her room? If I go to her room is that presuming too much?
That’s how Eva finds me. Standing in the middle of the kitchen looking between both of our bedrooms.
“What are you doing?” she asks and I glance back at her.
“Trying to decide what room I should be sleeping in,” I’ll leave this one up to her.
“Oh,” she looks down at the floor, her blush is so intense it has spread to her chest. “Um, my room. That’s if you want to, of course. You don’t have to, no pressure or anything,” fuck yes, I want to sleep in her room.
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” her soft giggles ring out behind me as I race into her bedroom, strip off and lie down on her bed.
She enters the room, ringing her hands together, it’s obvious she’s still nervous. I thought this morning might have loosened her up a bit.
“Strip off and come here,” I was expecting an argument but surprisingly she does what I asked, well it came out as more of a demand. But she seemed to like it. Interesting.
She slowly strips off, teasing me as she goes. Getting me more and more worked up. As she takes her bra off, I fist my dick in my hand, loving the sight of her pink nipples, standing at attention…for me.
Her eyes go to my hand and she licks her lips. Eva drops her panties then runs her hands slowly back up her body.
I don’t think I can take much more of this, “Get over here,” she takes a few steps towards me then hesitates. I lift up off the bed, grabbing her thighs and hoisting her over me. Settling back on the bed with her pussy directly over my face. I can see her folds glistening they are already so wet, my dick twitches, loving the thought that I made her drenched.
“Jason, wh-...AHHHHHH!” I don’t waste any time plunging my tongue inside her pussy, tasting her and lapping up her juices.
Her moans excite me and I reach up to bite her clit. “Ohhhh…JASON!” She starts riding my face. I look up to see her head thrown back in ecstasy, her breasts swaying with her movements.
She reaches up to rub her nipples and it is about the hottest thing I have ever seen in my life. The only thing that would make this moment better would be her calling out my real name.
I keep stroking her with my tongue, alternating between being inside her pussy and licking her clit. She rides my face harder and harder the closer she gets to climax.
The last time I did this for a girl was back in college, licking a girl’s pussy has never been something that I have really been into, I much prefer getting my dick sucked. But Eva’s pussy? I could eat it for days and never tire of it. It’s fucking delicious and I could come just watching her writhe in pleasure.
Before long, her orgasm hits her hard, she is screaming out my name and I’m lapping up every one of her juices as it flows down my face. Her body goes limp and I catch her before she falls off the bed, bringing her body down in line with mine, “Jason,” she whispers, completely breathless, “Oh my god, Jason, that was amazing. Holy shit.”
“You liked that?” I know damn well that she liked it but I want to hear her say it.
“Liked it?” She finally looks into my eyes, “I loved it,” I bring my lips down to hers in a hard, bruising kiss but she opens willingly. Moaning as she tastes herself on my tongue, “I want to taste you.” Sweet Jesus, those five little words make me feel like I might explode already.
“I don’t think I’m going too last long, you got me all worked up,” I don’t want to push her but the thought of my dick between those lips would be like heaven.
“I don’t care,” before I can say anything else, she has scooted further down the bed. The sight before me is pure ecstasy. Eva has my dick in her hand, licking her lips, her legs are spread, with her ass up in the air. She is perfection.
I nearly buck off the bed when she takes me in her mouth, sucking me down all the way to the back of her throat.
“Evvaaaa! Fuck, that feels amazing. Don’t stop,” she doesn’t let up, she sucks my dick…hard. Pausing every now and then to lick my shaft, circling the head with her tongue.
Her hair starts to fall in her face so I fist it in my hands. I don’t want to miss a moment of this.
Before long, I feel my balls tighten, “Eva, baby I’m gonna come,” she doesn’t let up, “Eva, I’m going to, argh fuck, I’m going to COME!” I explode into her mouth. She keeps milking me, sucking me until I’m dry. It’s the best feeling in the world, “Come here baby,” I pull her up to me, kissing those lips that have the biggest satisfied smile I have ever seen.
“I did good?” she asks.
What kind of a question is that?
“Baby, you did more than good. That was the best blow job I have ever gotten,” that comment seems to please her and I’m glad.
We are both spent and it doesn’t take long for us to fall into a deep sleep, wrapped up in each other’s arms.
That was quite simply the best night of my life. 
I’m ruined.
And we haven’t even had sex yet.
Chapter 31
Eva
I wake to Jason peppering kisses along my chest and collarbone, he starts kissing his way up my neck before meeting my lips. We connect passionately, his lips coming against mine in a frenzy.
He slowly makes his way down to my breasts. Stopping to circle his tongue around each of my nipples, my skin is covered in goose bumps and I shiver from his touch. Jason continues to kiss me lower and lower, sweeping his tongue over my stomach and belly button.
He keeps going, kissing down my thigh and stopping on my ankle. Only to pick up my other ankle and kiss his way back up to my center. The first flick of his tongue against my pussy is long and slow, reaching back towards dangerous territory before licking all the way up to my clit.
As soon as he hits that spot I jump, moaning from the pressure building inside of me, “Jason,” me saying his name seems to give him pause but before I can say anything he is back to working his magic, licking my clit while pumping his fingers in and out of me.
He doesn’t let up until my orgasm washes over me, as I’m coming down from my high, I can feel Jason guiding himself towards my entrance.
His eyes are on mine the entire time. I can feel his erection pushing against me but he holds himself still, I reach up and grab his butt cheeks trying to pull him into me, desperate for him.
He smirks, putting a hand up over my shoulder, getting ready to enter me in one big thrust.
Knock, knock, knock.
We both freeze at the sound.
What. The. Actual. Fuck.
“Eva, you there? I need your help.” Fucking Fraser! 
“I’m going to kill him,” I growl while pushing on his bum again. This action just earns me a chuckle.
“It’s okay Eva,” he stands and starts putting his underwear back on, “We have plenty of time,” he leans down, brushing a tender kiss on my forehead. “Besides, there’s not enough time this morning to fuck you properly,” this is accompanied by a wink before he leaves the room. A few seconds later I hear the shower start up.
Knock, knock, knock.
“Eva, I can hear you in there, hurry up!” I quickly put some clothes on before storming over and ripping the front door open.
“WHAT?!” Fraser appears startled by my reaction, I’m sure I look like a total mess. Then his face transforms into a menacing grin.
“I’m sorry, did I interrupt something?” Is he fucking kidding me?
“Yes, you fucking interrupted something!” The nerve. The fucking nerve of this guy, “Jason was about two seconds away from shoving his dick inside me before you started knocking on my god damn door. Now. What. The. Fuck. Do. You. Want!” His horrified expression is almost comical, almost.
“Um, fuck, uh, I, she, uh. Fuck!” He looks to his left and only then do I recognize one of the new volunteers.
Fuck.
I feel my face drain of color. She just heard me. Holy fuck. She just heard me. I am mortified.
“Period,” Fraser manages to stumble out a single word. Too bad that word doesn’t make sense.
“What?” my attention is turned back to Fraser.
“Period,” he points at the girl standing off to the side, who looks as though she would rather be anywhere but here. I sigh.
“Fraser, are you trying to tell me that this girl has her period?” How the fuck is Fraser involved in this shit storm.
“Uh huh,” he nods.
“How is that my problem?” I know I’m being rude and the poor girl looks like she wants to disappear but I’m still pissed, do they not understand what they just interrupted?
Have they not seen Jason?
I’m sure this girl knows what I’m talking about.
“She needs tampons,” again, I don’t see how that’s my problem.
“So, there’s a whole bunch in one of the containers,” he just needs to go fucking get some, it’s not that hard.
“But I don’t know where that is,” bullshit, he doesn’t know where that is.
“Why didn’t you ask Maria?” He just lifts his shoulder in a shrug. Fucker is probably too embarrassed to go to her seeing as he is sleeping with her, big baby. “Hang on,” I storm back inside just as Jason exits the bathroom.
“Everything okay out there?” Just looking at him all sexy and dripping wet makes me even angrier.
Those assholes outside kept me from finally fucking that piece of perfection.
“Yep, peachy keen,” except that it’s not. We are cursed.
“Peachy keen?” I don’t even bother to look up at Jason, looking at his shirtless body covered in nothing but a towel will only cement the fact that we once again, didn’t have sex. It’s like our thing. Maybe we should just stick to oral.
“Yes, that’s what I said,” I seem to be pissed at everyone this morning. I go inside my room and pull a tampon box out of one of my drawers.
“Are you mad at me?” I’m mad at someone alright, not too sure if it’s at Fraser or myself for getting too damn invested already.
“Nope,” I walk straight past him to the front door where I proceed to throw the tampon box at Fraser’s head, before slamming the door in his face. I walk back past Jason, going into my room.
He comes in behind me and wraps his hands around my stomach, resting his chin on my head.
“I’m sorry,” at least it’s not just me. He sounds about as devasted as I feel.
“It’s fine, I’m not even worried about it,” he chuckles before leaning down to whisper in my ear.
“I’m going to fuck you Eva, tonight. I meant what I said before. There isn’t enough time this morning to fuck you properly. Besides, I’m going to fuck you so hard you won’t be able to walk straight. You’re going to need a good night’s sleep to recover,” I’m too shocked to respond but it doesn’t matter, Jason simply smacks me on the butt then leaves the room.
Tonight.
Holy shit, it’s going to happen tonight.
About fucking time!
Chapter 32
Jason
“Um, sorry for the interruption this morning. Although, technically, I guess you could call it pay back, seeing as how you walked in on Maria and I,” I lift one eyebrow in response to Fraser’s remark.
“Really? I don’t see how that’s similar at all. You and Maria were fully clothed. My dick however, my dick was about two seconds away from gold,” Fraser pales.
“Fuck. I thought she was exaggerating,” I wish she was exaggerating.
“Nope, no exaggeration there,” I decide to put the poor dude of his misery. He looks uncomfortable as fuck, “Seriously though, you probably did me a favor,” his eyebrows shoot so far up his forehead it’s almost comical. “I didn’t really think I would be getting any on this trip and well, didn’t bring any protection, if you know what I mean,” understanding dawns on his face.
“Don’t worry bro, I gotcha,” he winks before wandering off.
Three hours later, Fraser is back, handing me over what I presume are condoms, but it looks more like he is trying to make a drug deal. He looks around before saying, “I got what you asked for.”
“Seriously?” I rip them out of his hand, dude is being cagey. “What the actual fuck?!”
“What? You wanted condoms, I got you condoms,” he nods his head towards said condoms like I’m stupid.
“Four. Four fucking condoms. That’s it?” I’m yelling now but I don’t care, “I was hoping for a box, maybe two,” I kick a nearby rock, I’m so frustrated. I can’t seem to catch a break, maybe this is karma for all the lies I’ve been telling.
“Look man, I need some for myself as well, alright. There isn’t an endless supply here,” I couldn’t give two shits about his needs, I only cared about my own.
“Fuck!” What I wouldn’t give for a convenience store right now, “Whatever, man. When can we get some more?”
“Two days, I can grab some for both of us when I go swap out the groups of volunteers,” four condoms for two days isn’t that bad, I guess, I’m a little worried about how I will act once I finally get inside her though.
Right now, we have only fooled around and I’m obsessed with the girl, can’t imagine what I will be like once I get inside her. “You do know you have to work as well, right? You can’t spend the whole time getting laid now,” I smirk at his comment.
“Is that why you have been late for breakfast every morning since you and Maria got together, you were working,” I raise my eyebrows up and down suggestively. Fraser gives me the finger before stalking off.
“Fuck you man, fuck you.”
The rest of the day drags by, painfully slow. Then after dinner, Eva is called to some fucking first aid emergency because one of the dipshit volunteers cut his hand on a knife while washing the dishes. Fucking moron.
Because she is project lead, she has to fill in paperwork and crap. I can’t catch a break. This is definitely some form of fucked up punishment for my sins. I won’t be able to get inside of her until I come clean about who I am.
I’m torn between wanting her to scream Mason out loud while I’m making her come and wishing I was in fact Jason. My life would be so much easier if I was.
Because I’m a glutton for punishment, I’m lying in her bed, naked. Waiting, hoping that she will turn up before I fall asleep.
Every muscle in my body hurts, it’s getting easier every day, but you would think that going to the gym daily would have helped me out here. I feel like my muscles are mocking me, telling me they are all for show.
I try to stay awake but sheer exhaustion overrides my need for sex, my need for Eva and I slowly drift off to sleep.
What feels like seconds later, I feel something tugging at me. Like I’m being pulled from sleep but I don’t want to wake up. I’m dreaming about Eva, she’s riding me, her tits are in my face and she’s screaming out my name, my real name.
We are in my apartment in Seattle. The feeling is euphoric. That is until I jerk awake. It takes me a minute to register that Eva is lying next to me, naked and pulling on my cock.
Maybe being awake isn’t so bad after all. “Damn girl, that’s one hell of a way to wake up.”
“Well, I was looking forward to seeing you when I got back. You had me all hot and bothered, it wasn’t fair to come back and find you asleep,” she releases my cock and throws her leg over me. Rubbing my dick against her entrance. I groan.
“No, not fair. Not fair at all. I think you should punish me,” She kisses me deeply, passionately. I pull back, only to grab one of the four condoms that Fraser gave me earlier. I hand it to her before lying back on the bed, my hands resting behind my head. “Punish me, Eva,” she rips the condom wrapper open, sliding the condom over my length slowly, I love how fucking eager she is for my cock.
She straddles me, lining herself up before plunging down on my cock. My dick filling her completely in one, hard, thrust. “Fuucckkkkk!” she feels incredible. It feels like déjà vu. She is riding me just like my dream, perfect tits bouncing up and down, her head is thrown back and she’s moaning my name, only the name she is screaming isn’t really mine.
“Jason! Shit, Jason!” I reach for her, holding her tight as I get up on my knees, she wraps her legs around my waist, joining her feet together behind my back. I pound into her over and over again. Kissing her everywhere, her lips, her neck, going down until I suck one of her nipples into my mouth, “Oh, JASON!” Her nails are digging into my back, painfully, but it only turns me on more. I feel her pussy tighten around my cock.
“Look at me baby, I want to watch your face as you come all over my dick,” her eyes meet mine and they are full of heat, of desire.
A few more thrusts and she fades away, climaxing, screaming my name over and over again. I place her on the bed below me, roughly pounding into her before finding my own release after a few quick thrusts, “Evvaaa! Fuccckkkk!” I collapse on top of her, we are both breathing heavily and I begin to place kisses all over her face, whispering how amazing she is. How amazing we are, together.
A few minutes later, I reluctantly pull out of her and she whimpers, kissing me once more before I go to the bathroom and dispose of the condom. When I return to her room, she is fast asleep. I chuckle at the sight. She is upside down on the bed, exactly how I left her, hair all rumpled from sex.
She looks like a goddess. A sex goddess. I gently pick her up, placing her back down the correct way up on the bed, slotting in behind her, holding her to me.
Wishing and praying that I could wake up and really be Jason.
Chapter 33
Eva
Last night was incredible and well over due, I’m still surprised about how ballsy I was, practically throwing myself at Jason. He didn’t seem to mind though, especially since he woke me up the same way, grinding into my backside and entering me moments after I woke up.
He then took me again over the bathroom sink after I had finished brushing my teeth, I had never watched myself having sex before and I have to say it was a turn on watching Jason’s face as he took me from behind.
I was worried that Jason would have me once then get bored and move on but now I just feel stupid, he hasn’t let me out of his sight all day and keeps giving me these come hither looks.
It’s very distracting, if I wasn’t the project lead, I might have taken him up on his offers of daytime sex but I have to be seen as being responsible.
Tonight, however is a different story. “You going to fit that doorknob or are you just going to keep staring at it?” Damn, busted, I have been daydreaming about Jason all day but no one has said anything until now. I’m surprised it’s Maria though, I definitely thought Fraser would be all over me.
“Um, yeah, just distracted, that’s all,” that’s an understatement. I have never had sex that good, ever. I didn’t even know it could be that great but more than that I felt like we connected. After I let my guard down and decided to sleep with him, I realized how much I actually like him and it’s scary. I like him, a lot.
“I can tell, does it happen to have anything to do with Jason? I’ve seen him nearly trip over his own feet twice today when you have walked past,” my head snaps up at her comment.
“Really?” my voice is way too excited and I feel like a have a swarm of butterflies fluttering around in my stomach at the thought of Jason really liking me too.
“Yes, really. Clearly something happened with you guys, Fraser said he interrupted you the other morning and then Jason asked him for some condoms, so I’m guessing you guys finally did the dirty?” Jason asked Fraser for condoms? That shouldn’t make me so happy but it does. For a minute there I thought he brought condoms with him from home, I guess a guy like him should always be prepared, girls practically throw themselves at him, like Amber. Fucking Amber, glad she’s gone, picturing him having sex with other volunteers pisses me off, I want to be the only one he has sex with.
“Earth to Eva? You look angry, did you have sex with Jason or not?” Fuck, he is really messing with my head.
“Oh, sorry and yes, we had sex…once last night and twice this morning,” I feel myself getting all hot and bothered thinking about it.
“Damn girl, no wonder he is tripping all over himself, he wants you and he wants you bad,” Maria is chuckling to herself.
“I kinda want him bad too,” admitting this to Maria seems easier than admitting it to Fraser or even Jason.
“I know how you feel, I felt the same way about Fraser and after we had sex for the first time, he was on me every chance he got. Still is,” she winks at me and I cringe, I think of Fraser as a brother, I’m happy for them but the thought of them having sex is gross.
“Except the difference is, you and Fraser have a future, we don’t,” this is why I didn’t want to sleep with him in the first place, my damn emotions can’t handle casual.
“Nobody is guaranteed anything, you of all people should know this. So, relax, have fun and have lots of hot sex with Mr. high roller. Don’t think about anything else, you deserve to have some fun…and a few orgasms,” we both burst out laughing and it feels good, really good.
Besides, she is right, having sex with Jason is amazing. If two more months is all I get then I am going to make the most of my time with him and milk as many orgasms as I can out of him.
The man himself decides to appear and put his arms around me from behind, pulling me in close.
“What’s so funny ladies?” I love that he can just throw his arms around me, not worrying about judgement from other people.
“Nothing, I’ve got to go but you two enjoy yourselves,” Maria throws a wink my way before sauntering off. I’m really happy Fraser found her, she’s a great girl.
“Why do I get the feeling you were talking about me?” He spins me around in his arms placing a tender kiss to my lips.
“That’s because we were,” I grin cheekily before running off, Jason runs after me and catches me moments later, flinging me up and over his shoulder.
“Jason! Put me down!” I’m squealing and laughing at the same time, enjoying his playful nature and not really wanting him to put me down at all.
“Nope,” he reaches up and squeezes my butt cheek before adjusting me in his arms. “I want to have sex with you before dinner, looking at you all day but not being able to touch you is torture,” don’t I know it.
I decide to ignore my heart for the next two months and just enjoy my time, and the sex, with this wonderful man.
Chapter 34
Jason
I have been fucking Eva for a week now and you would think my desire for her would be decreasing but it’s not, if anything, it’s increasing.
I think we have had sex on just about every surface of our tiny home and I have spent every single night in her bed. I’m not planning on ever sleeping in my bed again, unless of course Eva is in the bed with me.
I have also never eaten so much pussy in my life, I normally prefer for chicks to go down on me but I love it when she writhes all over my face, completely letting go before she comes.
No other girl I have been with compares to her, normally chicks sleep with me because they want something from me and I sleep with them to get some form of release. But with Eva it’s different, it’s easy. There is no ulterior motive between us, we’re sleeping together because we like each other, easy as that.
Eva is still refusing to work with me during the day, saying we distract each other too much and I can’t keep my hands to myself.
That’s only because watching her work is a turn on, I love her passion and dedication to this project, it’s obvious she loves what she does and it makes me a tiny bit jealous. I like what I do but I don’t love it, it’s not my passion, just the family business.
The people I am used to, do charity work because it is expected of them and makes them look good in the public eye, but Eva does it because she truly is a good person.
Fuck, I’m such a sap, it’s probably a good thing we keep our distance during the day, I don’t need to like her any more than I already do, it’s best if we just stick to sex at night and working separately during the day.
Turns out Eva has other ideas, “It’s lunchtime let’s go,” she grabs my hand and starts dragging me behind her. I expect her to take us over to the hall where the food is but instead, she is leading me back to our place, I guess a quickie is on the cards today. 
As soon as we are inside and the door is shut, she is stripping out of her clothes and dropping to her knees in front of me, I rip my shirt off at the same time she hurriedly pulls my shorts and underwear off.
She pulls my dick into her mouth and I fist her hair at the back of her head, loving the look of my dick moving in and out of her mouth. She makes eye contact while sucking my dick and it is fucking hot, she gets me even more worked up when she drops a hand between her legs and starts playing with her pussy.
I release a deep groan, banging my head on the door behind me, the sight is too much.
She, is too much.
Needing to be inside her, I pull her up and position her so she is facing the door, kicking her legs apart with my feet. I thrust inside her and she screams, I pound into her body roughly, relentlessly, worrying that I am taking her too hard but she angles her ass out towards me and starts making these sexy little moans, it tells me she is enjoying herself just as much as I am.
I feel my balls tighten as she contracts around me but I hold off, wanting her to find her release first. I pull out seconds after she does, barely holding on and coming all over her ass cheeks. I think my come on her body is my new favorite thing but I need to be more careful, I tend to lose my head around this girl and forget to wear a condom.
That’s something I need to work on. It’s also something that I have never done before in my life.
There seems to be a lot of firsts with Eva that I thought I would never experience.
I clean her up and we redress, getting ready to go and get some proper food, after that I am starving but completely satisfied.
We walk over to the hall hand in hand and I can’t stop the grin on my face, “Sorry, I got kind of carried away,” Eva says and I look over at her as she ducks her head in shame.
“Don’t ever be sorry for that, that was amazing and you can get carried away with me anytime you like,” Fuck, if I could, I would take her back to the States with me and get carried away with her all over my apartment.
“Alright,” I watch as the tension leaves her body, I didn’t even realize she was so tense. I have taken her enough times like that it’s actually nice to be on the receiving end, I love the thought of her being so desperate for me. It’s as though Eva is holding back from me; I don’t think it’s hard to work out it’s because at the end of my time here, I will be leaving her behind.
Great, now I’m tense.
“Eva?” the thought of leaving makes me desperate.
“Yeah?” she whispers in return.
“Can we work together this afternoon?” If I am going to leave her behind at the end of all this then I need to make sure I get all the time with her that I can.
“Sure, I’d like that,” good, because I couldn’t stay away even if I tried.
I make sure to behave that afternoon, hoping if I am good that Eva will let me work with her again. I don’t even complain when one of the younger volunteers come over to join us. I find it amusing that the guy has a hard on for Eva, if he was older, I might have cared but he looks about 19 years old and his face is covered in pimples.
Guy doesn’t stand a chance, and besides, Eva is mine.
***
I want to get Eva a present but had no idea what to get her, she doesn’t seem like the jewelry type or the type to get impressed by flashy things so I am stumped. What happened to diamonds being a girl’s best friend?
“Dude, hurry the fuck up we need to get back,” Fraser is just impatient because he wants to get back to Maria, don’t blame the guy since I feel the same way about Eva but I’m not leaving until I find the perfect gift.
“Just go get the supplies and come back when you’re finished,” I don’t need to babysit him while he does that, he’s a big boy.
“I already did that, you have been wandering around for hours, what are you doing?” Oh shit, I check my watch and sure enough I have been at this for a while.
“I want to get a present for Eva but I don’t know what to buy,” I feel like a pansy for admitting I want to get my girl a present but Fraser doesn’t heckle me like I expect, instead he leads me over to a stall that sells carved wooden animals.
“Here, she likes elephants, hurry up and I’ll meet you back at the truck,” she likes elephants huh, this could work.
I settle on two wooden carvings, one of an adult elephant with huge tusks and then a smaller baby elephant. They look so cute together, I don’t want to separate the set.
The lady packages them carefully into a box and I pay her more than what she asked for, she accepts my money with tears in her eyes and I feel humbled that a few hundred dollars can mean so much to some people, when I wouldn’t think twice about spending that much money back home.
That night I start freaking out that getting her a gift was a stupid idea, sure we have sex but it’s not like we have deep and meaningful conversations, neither of us seem that willing to share our past, content instead in the present. I have the box in my hands and keep walking to Eva’s room to put the box on her bed and then back to my own room to hide the box, I can’t make my fucking mind up.
On about my third trip back to Eva’s room I notice her leaning against the front door with an amused look on her face. “How long have you been standing there?” please say she only just got there.
“Long enough,” great, she was watching me acting like a damn fool, “Whatcha got there?”
“Um, I got you something in town today,” the only other time I have given a girl anything was when I gave my prom date a corsage and I didn’t even buy it, our housekeeper went and brought it for me.
I’m nervous I have done the wrong thing but when I look up into Eva’s eyes, they look all misty and dreamy, maybe I shouldn’t have worried so much.
“You got me a present?” When I nod, a smile slowly starts to spread across her face until soon she is beaming, obviously ecstatic at the thought of a present.
“It’s not much,” I say. She comes over to me shaking her head, still smiling and looking down at the box in her hands.
“That doesn’t matter, it’s the thought that counts,” not in my world, the thought behind a gift doesn’t mean shit, only the price tag does. “May I?” It’s then I realize I have a strong grip on the box, I can’t speak, I’m too nervous.
Instead I nod and hand the present over, we both sit at the table and my knee bounces nervously while she opens it. When she pulls out the two elephants her eyes fill with tears and she practically jumps across the table to sit in my lap, hugging me with a death grip, “Thank you, they are beautiful.”
“You’re welcome,” I hug her back with just as much force, glad she likes my gift. She places both the elephants on her dresser before undressing and hoping in bed, I follow suit and we lie there facing each other, we end up falling asleep wrapped up in each other arms and it is the first night since we had sex that we haven’t been all over each other.
I don’t mind though, the fact that she likes my gift is all I need tonight.
Plus, I can just fuck her in the morning.
And every morning after that.
Chapter 35
Eva
“I’m thinking about taking a day off,” I glance nervously over at Fraser, waiting to hear what he has to say. We’re in the kitchen, cleaning up after breakfast.
“Eva, you have worked six weeks straight. I think a day off is fine,” I was kind of expecting an inquisition.
“Really?” I get so excited, Jason has been amazing the last few weeks, perfect actually and I want to do something nice for him.
“Yes, really. Eva, everyone has already taken a day or two to themselves. I was going to mention it to you anyway. Jason needs a day off too, you are a slave driver…in more ways than one I hear,” he winks at me before side stepping my karate chop.
I blush, heavily, because he is right. The sex with Jason is beyond incredible, I’m annoyed with myself that I waited as long as I did to have sex with him. He seems to have moved permanently into my room now, not that I’m complaining.
Although, it would be nicer to have sex in a bigger bed. I jumped up to straddle him the other night, only my knee didn’t hit the bed, it hit air.
I was lucky Jason had fast reflexes and caught me before I face planted on the floor.
Things are so amazing in fact, that I have to regularly remind myself that this is temporary. He will be leaving soon, so I can’t get attached. Except, I kinda, maybe, already am attached. Very attached. I think I may be falling for him. Which is stupid. Very stupid. “So, what are you planning?”
“Oh, um, a safari maybe? You can’t come all the way to Africa without going on safari, right?” I get slightly nervous waiting to hear what he thinks.
“I think it’s perfect,” I smile, worried I was going a little overboard with the idea, “Why don’t you give Chase a call. He’s over at Hlane Royal National Park now, it’s not that far and I know he would love to see you.”
“Fraser! I didn’t know that. That’s perfect, I’ll go call him now,” I’m full of excitement over the idea.
“Call who now?” I look up to see Jason walking through the door.
“Chase!” he pauses, confused with how happy I am.
“Who, the fuck is Chase?” I don’t have time to answer his questions, I have a phone call to make.
Besides, after having Amber here for that week, he deserves a little bit of payback.
“A friend,” I say coyly, “You’ll see.” I run over and kiss his cheek before leaving the hall.
I’m nearly at the door when I hear Jason talking to Fraser, “Dude, who the fuck is Chase!”
The smile that’s covering my face gets even bigger, I love that he’s jealous.
***
The next morning, I wake Jason, bright and early, “Get up sleepy head,” Jason cracks one eye open.
“You want sex already baby?” Being the ever-obliging man that he is, he rolls over and starts fisting his cock.
“Stop that,” I slap his hand away. That seems to wake him up.
“Babe, what are you doing? Is something wrong?” I roll my eyes; I swear he is obsessed with sex.
“Yes, something is wrong. We are going to be late for your surprise. Now get up!” I start jumping around on the bed, bursting with excitement.
“Surprise?” he seems to perk up at that.
“Yes, surprise. But it doesn’t involve sex, so you need to get up, get showered and dressed. Then meet me over at the hall for breakfast in ten minutes,” he pouts, clearly upset that I didn’t wake him up for sex.
“Yes, ma’am. I like it when you’re bossy,” he kisses my cheek before standing up and walking out to the bathroom. 
Damn, he has a nice rear end. Maybe I could join him…no! Today is going to be great. There will be time for that later.
I spend the next half hour hurrying Jason along, then I practically sprint to the truck, super excited to get on the road.
Jason doesn’t seem as thrilled about today as I am but that’s probably because I won’t tell him anything.
It will be better if it’s a surprise.
“Babe. Where are we going?” Jason has been whining for the last five minutes because I won’t tell him where we are going.
“Jason,” I say dramatically, “It’s not a surprise if I tell you, besides we are nearly there so quit it.”
“Fine,” he huffs from the passenger seat and folds his arms across his chest, staring out the window. The sun is only just starting to rise and it’s a beautiful sight.
He stays silent until we reach the entrance of the Hlane Royal National Park. His arms drop to his sides and he stares at me in wonder, “National park, as in…safari?”
“Yes!” I’m giddy with excitement. I pull up outside Chase’s office, running around to Jason’s side of the vehicle. He still hasn’t said anything and I suddenly get nervous. “Is it okay that I did this?” my voice seems to snap him out of his daydream. He exits the truck, taking my face in his hands.
“Eva, it’s more than okay. I can’t believe you did something like this for me. No one has ever done something like this for me. I love it,” he kisses me, “Thank you.”
Our kiss starts off gentle, but soon turns needy, he spins me around and backs me into the side of the Land Rover. “I need inside you, baby, now,” he has moved down and is kissing my neck as we hear a throat clear behind us. Shit. I forgot we parked outside Chase’s office. I push Jason off me and try to straighten my appearance while not looking as embarrassed and as flustered as I feel.
“Hi, Chase!” My voice is very high pitched and I don’t think I’m pulling off casually very well after that kiss. I look over at Jason who is looking at Chase.
When he turns back to me, he is laughing and I understand why. Yesterday, he was jealous over Chase but after getting a look at the sixty something year old man in front of him, he isn’t so jealous anymore.
I first met Chase in Cape Town, he is passionate about animals and has spent his career trying to stop the poaching of wildlife all around Africa. It’s a hard battle to fight but I’m glad there are people as dedicated as he is.
“Eva, it’s good to see you,” he has a very strong South African accent. He gives me a hug before turning his attention to Jason, “And you must be Jason, it’s nice to meet the person who has made Eva so happy,” I blush. I only told Chase about Jason yesterday, but I may have been talking like an excited school girl with a crush. A big fat crush.
“Yes sir, it’s nice to meet you too,” they shake hands and I’m glad Chase is ignoring the fact that we were practically dry humping in front of him. I need to get myself under control.
We head off on safari and Chase starts telling us about the National Park and the animals we are likely to see.
Jason and I are sitting in the back of an old Jeep that has no doors or roof, the perfect vehicle for a safari. Jason has his arm wrapped around my shoulder, tucking me away into his side.
As we are gazing out over the landscape he leans down and kisses my hair, “This is amazing, Eva. Thank you,” I smile shyly up at Jason and he kisses me tenderly on the lips.
“You’re welcome,” I whisper.
Chapter 36
Jason
I still can’t believe I’m here, on safari, with Eva.
When I booked my ticket to Africa, the thought crossed my mind about going on a safari but I figured I wouldn’t have the time. I also figured that I would be able to go on safari at any stage in my life that I wanted, so it wasn’t really a big deal to miss out.
But being here with Eva, that’s special. My only regret is that I don’t own a better camera. Eva has one and is busy taking pictures of all the animals.
Meanwhile, I’m busy taking pictures of her with my phone. Luckily, I had brought it with me, it’s been on airplane mode since I came here as I didn’t want to deal with anyone from back home, but I’m glad I’m going to be able to take these memories back home with me.
One of the first animals we see is a couple of giraffes, eating from high up in the tree tops. I always thought they were strange animals but they are magnificent to see in the wild. One of the giraffes must think Eva looks like a tasty snack as he makes his way over to us, sticking his head in to sniff her. She is squealing and laughing, burrowing deeper into my side. I don’t think this day could get any better and it’s only just started.
Chase is driving slowly around the park, slowing down or stopping all together when we come across some animals.
Seeing a pride of lions sunbaking is the highlight for me, they don’t even seem too concerned that we are parked up, watching them. I manage to get a photo of Eva with a few lion clubs playing behind her, that one is my favorite and I make it my screen saver.
We spend quite a while watching over the lions, taking pictures and selfies, Chase even offers to take a few of us together.
Eva is absolutely fascinated by the elephants, she says no matter how many times she sees them, they still take her breath away. I feel the same way about her.
We are lucky enough to see a herd of elephants gathering around a waterhole. They vary in size and the pride even has a few calves. They are incredible to watch in the water, the calves are rolling around in the mud, splashing about just like a small child would. Seeing Eva that happy makes me want to go on a safari every day. Or maybe just bring a couple of elephants back to the village with us.
Before we know it, the morning is over and we make our way back to Chase’s office for lunch and a toilet stop. I try to convince Eva that we should have a quickie in the bathroom, she seemed really tempted but chickened out at the last minute.
We spend the afternoon driving around a different area of the park. We manage to see a hippo in the Umbuluzana River, we can only see its ears, eyes and a bit of its back sticking out of the water. But Chase says that’s enough, that they can run surprisingly fast and it is smart to be weary of them.
He also points out a couple of Marabou Storks which are about the ugliest birds I have even seen. Eva and I get into a fit of giggles over the things. I lose count over the number of animals we see; the whole day is simply amazing. Between all the animals and the stolen kisses with Eva, I never want the day to end.
On the way back to Chase’s office in the late afternoon, a leopard decides to stroll next to us for a few minutes, the way its body moves is graceful yet powerful, I would love to see it in action, hunting down its prey, running at full speed. Now that would be a sight to see.
After a while he must get bored and stops, taking off in a different direction behind the Jeep. The fact that you can get so close to the animals surprises me, I thought we would need binoculars or something and I was surprised this morning that Chase never offered us any.
When the time comes for us to leave, neither of us wants to go. Chase laughs, saying we are welcome back any time.
I hope that we have time to come here again before I have to leave. Or maybe I could surprise Eva this time by organizing something similar.
I go to jump in the passenger seat but Eva stops me and throws the keys in my direction, I’m nervous about driving over here but I should get used to it seeing as I want to help out a bit more. Maybe I can start driving to pick up the volunteers or doing the supply run, although both of those things are more fun with Eva by my side.
I haven’t driven a stick shift in a long time and I’m enjoying Eva laughing and hassling me until I get used to the vehicle. The only time my hand leaves hers on the way back is when I need to change gears.
When we arrive back it’s dark and we are both exhausted. Neither of us can be bothered going to the hall to get something to eat so we go straight to bed instead.
I snuggle up to Eva and for the second time in two weeks I don’t try to have sex with her. Today was about more than that. Today was truly special.
Eva drifts off to sleep first and I’m staring down at her peaceful face wishing, not for the first time, that this was my life.
Chapter 37
Eva
Jason has a month left with us. I’m trying not to think about it but it keeps niggling at the back of my mind.
Earlier in the day we discovered we needed to drive into Simunye and get some more supplies. Fraser must have sensed that I was feeling down as he suggested the four of us go together and then hang around to grab dinner before heading back. Like a double date.
So here we all are, Fraser and Maria are both in the front. Jason and I are in the back.
We didn’t last long on opposite sides of the truck. Not long after we took off, he unbuckled my seatbelt, pulling me closer to him before adjusting the middle seatbelt over my hips. I’m currently tucked under Jason’s arm and it’s the best feeling in the world. He makes me feel safe, loved. Loved. That’s a stupid thing to say, there is no way he loves me, but I feel, I don’t know, cherished. I feel cherished when I’m with him.
Fraser drops us off at the restaurant first, saying he and Maria will be back after they have gotten the supplies we need.
“You look beautiful Eva,” he can be so sweet sometimes.
“Thank you,” I blush, I still haven’t gotten used to Jason saying things like that to me.
“I can’t wait to get you home tonight,” that’s more like it. Jason leads me over to one of the booths inside the restaurant, sliding in after me. “I can never get enough of you,” he has his body angled so that we are hidden away from the rest of the restaurant. It’s still early so not many people are here yet.
Jason places his hand on my thigh, slowly running his hand between my legs, moving upwards. My breath hitches.
“Jason, what do you think you are doing?” I look around but no one is paying us any attention. This is the first time I have worn a dress in a long time and I’m regretting my choice to wear it tonight.
“I can’t wait baby; I need to touch you. I miss you,” he kisses my lips sweetly, tenderly.
“How can you miss me when I’m right here?” His fingers are rubbing against my panties. One finger slips inside, then two. Gently caressing my folds.
“I didn’t get my lunch time quickie, you were busy, left me high and dry at our place,” I love hearing him say ‘our place’. I sometimes catch myself fantasizing about what our lives would be like as a real couple.
I also love what he is doing with his hand. I bite down on my lip pretty hard to keep quiet, damn, that’s going to leave a mark but if I don’t bite my lip, I’m afraid of the sounds that are going to come out of my mouth.
“Jason,” I’m rubbing myself on his hand now, hot with need, “Jason, you need to stop, we’re in public,” I don’t want him to stop. Ever.
“If you want me to stop, then hurry up and come,” his fingers plunge inside me while his thumb is rubbing my clit, I lean forward grasping the edge of the table, knuckles turning white with the force it is taking not to cry out. He works me faster and faster, before I know it, I climax, all over his hand.
“That’s my girl,” he slows his movements until he eventually stops, pulling his hand free and he uses a napkin to clean himself up. When I come down from my high, I am mortified over what just took place.
“I can’t believe you just did that!” I whisper hiss at him. He chuckles softly at my reaction.
“You weren’t complaining a minute ago, when you were rubbing yourself all over my hand,” Jason is looking at me with a smug expression.
“Shhhh!” I hold my hand up over his mouth, “Someone will hear you,” fuck, “I need to go clean myself up.” This is so embarrassing, I just came in a damn booth in a restaurant, how trashy. But fuck, if it wasn’t incredible.
I roughly shove Jason out of the booth and high tail it to the ladies’ room. I quickly clean myself up the best I can before washing my hands and I take a look at my reflection. Holy shit. I looked like I was just fucked.
Somehow my hair got all messed up and I madly run my fingers through it, trying to make it presentable again. There is also a mark on my damn lip, fucking Jason, there is no way I will be able to hide this.
Reluctantly I leave my sanctuary that is the women’s rest room and return to our table, I find a beer sitting in front of Jason and a wine where I was sitting. Fraser and Maria are also now sitting opposite Jason, how long was I in the bathroom for?
Jason stands up to let me back in the booth, kissing my cheek and rubbing my ass as I slide past him. The man is insatiable. I get questioning looks from both Fraser and Maria; they know something’s up.
“What’s with the lip?” Fraser asks. I can always count on him to point out exactly what I am trying to hide. I reach up and touch it before answering.
“Oh, um, I tripped earlier and bit my lip,” tripped? Why can’t I be better at lying.
“Riigghttt,” I can feel my face heating up and I start to stutter out a response, feeling like I need to redeem myself.
“Baby, have you looked at the menu yet?” small miracles do exist.
“Oh, no, I haven’t,” I pick up the menu and hold it so close to my face that I can barely make out the words.
By the time the waitress comes around to take our orders I am still too flustered to make a choice. Jason saves me once again and orders for the both of us. This is going to be a long night.
I notice during the night that Jason is a bit vague when it comes to his past. I guess I never noticed it before considering I don’t like to talk about my past either. But tonight, it’s obvious.
“So, Jason. What do you do in Seattle?” I think Fraser has noticed my looks throughout the night and is trying to help me out.
“Um, I work for my father,” yup, cagey alright.
“What does he do?” Maria seems oblivious and generally interested in getting to know Jason. She is a sweet girl.
“He, uh, just owns a bunch of companies, he likes acquiring new things,” he seems uncomfortable.
“Do you like working for you dad?” He hesitates before answering.
“No, he’s an asshole,” the whole table bursts out laughing. I cover his hand with mine under the table. He smiles at me gratefully, “I’m sorry, I don’t like talking about him. He’s kind of controlling.”
“That’s okay, let’s talk about something else,” I realize it doesn’t matter if Jason is vague about his past or his life. All that matters, is that he is here with me now. I’ll take what I can get where he is concerned.
The rest of the night goes by smoothly and we end up driving back the same way we drove there. Although this time, Jason can’t stop whispering in my ear how badly he wants to be inside me. I squirm in my seat, getting turned on and he knows it.
“You two behaving back there?” Fraser is eyeing us from the front seat.
“Yes…dad,” he shakes his head at me. “It does kind of feel like I just had dinner with my parents and my boyfriend, now you are being all judgy, wondering if he is trying to feel me up in the back seat,” I can feel Jason’s laugh vibrate through my body.
“For the record, I am definitely trying to feel her up. I am also going to have lots and lots of hot sex with her tonight,” Jason says. How can he be so open about these things?
“Jason! Would you really say that?” he looks at me with a panty watering smile covering his face.
“No, but I would be thinking it,” I turn to look up at him and he winks in return.
“Well, if I am the judgy father. Then let me ask the hard-hitting questions. Jason?” In response, Jason sits up straight in his seat and adjusts his shirt.
“Yes sir?” Maria looks back at me and rolls her eyes.
“Are you going to come back and see our Eva? Our next project is near our base, in Cape Town,” I tense, holding my breath, waiting for Jason’s answer.
“I would love to come back,” he leans down to whisper his answer in my ear. All it does is make me more turned on.
Thankfully we pull back up near the hall moments later. Jason can’t get me out of the truck fast enough.
He hoists me over his shoulder yelling out ‘thanks for dinner’ while running back to our place. I’m screaming and laughing at Jason to put me down. He smacks me on the butt and doesn’t put me down until we reach the door. Even then I’m still in his arms while he is trying to work the lock one handed.
“Jason,” I giggle, “Just let me help you.”
“Fine, you do it. I would rather my hands be on you anyway,” to prove his point his hand slips down between my legs and he begins rubbing me through my panties. After we stumble inside Jason orders me to strip. “No, no, no. Wait,” he sits down in one of the chairs by the table, “Now strip.”
“Really?” I feel kind of self-conscious.
“Yes really, baby, strip for me,” he pulls his shirt over his head, not looking where he tosses it. His shoes and pants are ripped off next.
“That was fast, but are you really going to watch me strip wearing your socks?” I can’t help but laugh at the image in front of me.
“Fine,” he huffs like he is angry but is smiling when he says it. The socks come off but then so do his underwear. He leans back in his chair, hand firmly around his shaft. Slowly working it up and down, “Now, strip.”
I hesitate before doing what he says. His eyes are locked on my body the entire time, giving me encouragement to continue. The way he looks at me makes me feel sexy.
I slowly and seductively pull my dress over my head, wishing I was wearing more clothing to take off, I swing my hips and stick my butt out. I figure I am doing a good job as he is practically drooling.
I step over the chair, straddling him but not touching. My breasts are inches from his face. I slowly reach behind my back, unclasping my bra, I hold it for a few seconds, teasing him before letting it fall away. Jason sucks in a breath before licking one of my nipples.
“Uh, uh, uh. No touching,” he pouts but complies. I step away from him only to turn around and repeat my position but backwards. I slowly lower myself until I can feel his erection poking into my bottom. He groans loudly.
“Please let me touch you,” he is completely breathless.
“Not yet,” I lean back into him, sticking my breasts out. I begin rocking my bottom, slowly grinding into him. I reach up with both hands and start playing with my nipples.
“Fucckkkk baby,” he kisses my shoulder, “You have no idea how amazing you are.” His hand dives straight down into my panties and my retort about him not touching me dies as soon as his fingers flick my clit.
“Ohhhhh, Jason!” He starts pumping his fingers in and out of me, I’m desperate for his touch, “Jason, I need you inside me.”
“Okay, baby. Get a condom,” I comply with his order and as soon as I have finished rolling the condom down his shaft, he grabs my hips, positioning me above him. Teasing me like I was doing to him, moments earlier.
I’m trying to pull myself down on his penis but he is holding me above him. Letting me dip down only to pull me back up again. His tongue is swirling around my nipples.
“Jason! PLEASE! I need you,” it’s scary just how desperate I am for this man.
“My girl is hungry for me?” he bites down on my nipple and I cry out.
“YES! Fuck, yes! Jason, please, fuck me,” without warning he slams me down onto his dick, filling me all the way to the hilt.
“You like that?” he is kissing my neck, working his way up to my ear.
“Yes,” my yes comes out sounding more like a breathless moan than a word.
“Ride me,” he leans back in the chair, hands on my thighs, watching me. His eyes devour my body as I ride him. Bucking wildly with need. This man makes me crazy.
The things I feel when I am with him are overwhelming.
The word love rolls around my head, alongside the word ecstasy but I quickly shut that notion down. Saying that word wouldn’t do anyone any good.
He reaches down between us to rub my clit with his thumb. I explode.
“Jasooonnn! Yeeesssssss!” Jason has to take over, lifting me up and down by my waist.
“Fuuucckkkkkk!” I can feel him explode inside of me and the feeling sets me off again.
I collapse on top of Jason, completely spent, completely full, of him.
Chapter 38
Jason
“What do you want to do after dinner? Do you want to go for a quick walk around the village?”
No, I want to fuck you.
Somehow, I don’t think that response would go over very well. But then again, maybe it would, she seems to be into having sex with me about as much as I’m into having sex with her and I like having sex with her, a lot. I pretend to think about my answer.
“How about we read one of your books?” she instantly turns bright red.
“One of? I just have that one,” she is acting coy with me, trying to pretend that she doesn’t read porn.
“Please, I went through your underwear drawer this morning and you have like five porn books in there,” whoops. Maybe I shouldn’t have mentioned I went through her things, she looks angry.
“First of all!” She looks really worked up, “They are not porn.” She lowers her voice to almost a whisper when she says ‘porn’ and looks around to make sure no one is listening to us, “They are romance novels, there is a big difference.”
“Sure,” I really shouldn’t be winding her up any further.
“Urgh, just forget it!” She turns, getting ready to storm away when she turns back around quickly, pointing her finger in my face, “And what the fuck were you doing in my underwear drawer anyway, that’s an invasion of my privacy,” yeah, really shouldn’t have admitted I did that.
“I was just seeing if you had any sexy underwear,” yup, should have kept my mouth shut.
“Sexy underwear? Are you kidding me?!” She is really, really mad.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think it was that big of a deal. I was looking for a thong or something, I was going to ask you to wear it when you got out of the shower but you only own granny panties,” I groan, clearly digging a hole I can’t get out of.
“Granny panties!” she practically screams at me.
“Fuck, wait, shit, no…Eva wait, I didn’t mean it like that,” Damn it. Now she’s stormed off. Why the fuck did I have to say that? We were finally, finally doing well and I go and fuck it all up.
What the hell is wrong with me?
She obviously took that the wrong way.
I’m such a fucking idiot.
Sometimes I wish I wasn’t such a player, maybe if I had a few more girlfriends over the years I would have more experience with this shit.
Girlfriend?
Is Eva even my girlfriend?
Neither one of us have brought that subject up but it sure feels like she’s my girlfriend.
All I know is that I really care about Eva and I need to find a way to make it up to her, if I don’t, sex could be off the table for good.
I shiver at the horrifying though.
***
About five minutes ago, Eva came storming in and went straight to her room. She didn’t slam the door though and it’s only partially closed which makes me think that I still have a shot at getting laid tonight. Or at the very least she might let me sleep in her bed.
I have a plan but I’m not sure if it’s going to piss her off more or make her let me sleep in her bed again.
I may have stolen one of her books earlier, I really did want to read one with her, I thought it would be sexy. I grab the book and sit on the floor, leaning against the wall. With the crack in her door I can see the foot of her bed, she is lying on top of the bed but not under the covers.
I open the book to where I left off the other week and start reading out loud, she doesn’t move at first but I know she’s awake, no one falls asleep that fast.
I read for another twenty minutes before I get to any real action, I was starting to think she was right and the book was only going to be filled with romance.
The main characters are having sex and it’s actually pretty steamy, I start to put on voices and imitate the moaning and groaning noises, trying to get any sort of a reaction out of her.
The thought of her going to sleep being mad at me, damn near breaks my heart. It’s a foreign feeling to be so caught up in the emotions of another person but I feel like my happiness is dependent on her happiness.
How the fuck does that even work?
Is that some kind of weird girlfriend juju?
Or is it something more? I’m so out of my depth with this girl but what I do know is that I need her and it’s more than a feeling of needing to be inside her. My feelings towards her are greater than sex, she could never have sex with me again but I would still need her in my life.
I still need her to be happy and I would do just about anything to make her happy.
Chapter 39
Eva
I’m trying really hard to be mad at Jason but he’s making that very difficult at the moment.
He is outside my door reading out loud to me, I thought it was sweet until he got to a sex scene, I have read this book before so I know what happens but I find myself on edge listening to him.
Slowly, I move my feet to the floor and sit up on the bed. His voice pauses briefly before starting back up again. I make my way to the door and peer out of the small crack, he is sitting on the floor with the book in one hand resting on his knee. His other leg is resting on the ground but his feet are touching.
I swing the door open and Jason peers up at me briefly, but then goes straight back to reading. I find my body moves on its own accord and before I know it, I’m curled up in the small gap his legs have made and I rest my head back against his chest. He kisses the top of my head before carrying on reading.
He reads for some time before declaring his bum is dead and he needs to move. We both stand up and stretch our stiff muscles.
“Eva, I’m sorry about earlier, I shouldn’t have gone through your things. It’s just that, well, I kind of had a dream about you where you stripped off and you were wearing a thong with thigh high stockings and big high heels. You were sexy as fuck and I wanted to see you like that in real life.” He looks down at the floor the whole time he is telling me this, clearly nervous that I’m going to get angry again.
“You dreamt about me?” I can’t help but swoon over the fact that he dreamt about me.
“I’ve dreamt about you pretty much every night since I first arrived,” he says. Awwwww, that’s kind of sweet. I can’t help but laugh at my stupidity.
“That’s a much better explanation than what I came up with in my head,” his head snaps up towards mine.
“Really?” He moves towards me and wraps his arms around my back, “What did you think?”
“It’s kind of embarrassing now…” I trail off, not really wanting to tell him what I thought. He grabs my chin and tilts my face up to his, kissing my lips softly.
“Please tell me,” oh that face, I don’t think I can say no to him.
“I thought that maybe, well, that I didn’t turn you on anymore, that you thought I looked ugly in my granny panties and needed something extra to get you going,” he kisses my forehead before leaning down and whispering in my ear.
“Baby, trust me, I could never find you ugly, not ever. I think you are the most beautiful girl that I have ever seen,” he looks so honest that I find myself believing him.
“Really?” that comment might have excited me a little too much.
“Really. Now, will you let me share your bed?” He runs his hands down my backside, rubbing his hands all over my butt cheeks, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Yes,” he starts fist pumping his hands in the air, “But…”
“But what?” he only has one eyebrow raised now.
“You can’t go through my things, you must be punished,” he grins, standing up in a hurry.
“Deal,” he walks straight into my room, throwing his clothes all over the floor.
“Jason, I’m serious,” he glances at me over his shoulder before lying down on my bed, naked.
“So am I, start the punishment of no sex, only foreplay,” he gestures to his penis with his head. I ignore him and move over to my dresser, changing into my pajamas.
He looks like he wants to protest but instead moves over on the bed, making a space for me to curl up next to him.
“Fine, come here then. I’ll take you any way I can get you,” that comment does more to my heart than it should.
I’m not very good at casual and I’m falling for this man, deeply.
My initial instincts were right, I let this man into my bed and he is going to break my heart.
No, he’s going to destroy it.
Chapter 40
Jason
Jabu and I are finishing putting together some framing for one of the houses when Fraser walks over to us. He looks awkward.
“You right, mate?” I ask, he can be super strange sometimes.
“Yeah, yeah, just thought I should give you the heads up on something,” huh? I poke my head between the frames.
“What is it?” I can’t help but panic, thinking something might be wrong with my girl.
“Well, you have probably heard that one of the doctors that works with Doctors Without Borders will be coming here to check out some of the villagers tomorrow. Provide immunizations, that sort of thing,” he won’t meet my eyes.
“Yeah, so? What does that have to do with me?” I ask and he clears his throat.
“One of the doctors, Spencer, has a thing for Eva,” my blood boils at his statement.
“The fuck?!” Why am I only hearing about this now? “How come Eva hasn’t mentioned him?” before I realize what I’m doing, I’m up in Fraser’s face. Jabu puts a steady hand on my shoulder.
“Calm down my friend, do not get worked up over this. She has feelings for you, not this Spencer,” yeah, that doesn’t help me right now.
“How would you know? Have you met him?” Jabu shakes his head.
“No, but I overheard Eva and Maria talking about him yesterday,” I want to shake him, that wasn’t an explanation.
“What were they saying?” Now I’m getting mad at Jabu. Someone better tell me what the fuck is going on.
“Nothing my friend. Maria just wanted to know if it would be awkward to see Spencer again. Eva said no because she has you,” that only makes me feel slightly more relaxed.
“Why would it be awkward?” I ask. Jabu gives me nothing so I turn my attention to Fraser. “Why the fuck would it be awkward between them?”
“Um, we run into him a bit on different projects and like, last year, well, Eva went on a date with him.” Fraser backs up as he is speaking which is a wise move, I’m fucking livid.
“WHAT?!” I growl.
“It was just one date, then she turned him down. No big deal, but I thought you should know since he will most likely hit on her tomorrow. I didn’t want you to freak out and not know about their past,” he holds his hands up in a position of surrender.
“Fuck this,” I storm away from both of them going in search of Eva. I do a whole fucking lap of the village before I find her, near where I started at the Church, “Eva.”
“Hey, Jason. What’s going on?” She seems happy to see me but quickly becomes puzzled by my attitude.
“I don’t know, you got something to tell me?” She laughs but it comes out forced.
“Fraser talked to you, didn’t he?” she gets nervous and starts fidgeting with her top.
“Yes, Fraser fucking talked to me. When were you going to tell me!” I have this feeling that I’m overreacting but right now I feel justified in my actions.
“Calm down,” I really wish people would stop telling me to calm down. “Hey,” she grabs my face in both of her hands, leaning up to kiss me. I try to pull away but she doesn’t let me, she drags me back down.
It doesn’t take long before I’m putty in her hands. The feel of her lips against mine makes me crazy with need.
“Let’s go back to our place and fuck.” Seriously? My girl isn’t normally this bold, well not during the day at least, she must be really horny for me, I wonder what has gotten into her.
Wait.
“Are you distracting me?” She looks guilty. Bingo, “Damn it, Eva. Do you like this guy? Just tell me the truth, I can handle it,” she looks doubtful and she should be, I can’t handle it.
The thought of her with someone else makes me want to kill this Spencer prick.
“He is a nice person who is good at his job but no, I don’t like him the same way I like you,” I instantly relax.
“Are you sure?” I need her to be super sure, I can’t have her ditching me tomorrow for the fancy doctor.
“Yes, I’m sure,” she kisses me again and this time I don’t resist. She pulls back but I don’t let her out of my arms, “I like you like this,” the smiles that spreads over her face is gorgeous.
“Like what?” a psychopath?
“Jealous,” she starts kissing my neck, “Let’s go take a break. Together.”
“I’m not jealous,” I am jealous. Fuck, I’m never jealous. Ever. She chuckles in response.
“It’s not so funny now is it,” evil little thing is laughing.
“What do you mean?” nothing about this situation seems funny to me.
“Remember Amber? I got jealous over her and you loved it,” she’s right, I did. I kiss her on the lips softly before answering.
“That was different,” because she was the push you needed to be with me.
“How?” she looks incredulous.
“Easy. I never went on a date with Amber,” I only used her to my advantage to get with you.
“Oh,” she looks down at the ground.
“Yeah. Oh.” I’m being too hard on her, it’s not like I’m a saint, it’s just the thought of her with someone else causes my chest to ache.
“It was just one date. I told him afterwards that I just wanted to stay friends,” well that’s good to know.
“Fine. But did you kiss him?” Fuck. Her face says it all. She kissed him. I groan.
“It was just a peck! I swear. I didn’t even like it,” I’m not happy. At. All. “I’m sorry. Let me make it up to you.”
“Fine. But you’re doing all the work,” her laughter is like music, it’s contagious.
“Fine by me. Let’s go,” I trail behind Eva, checking her ass out the whole way back to our room.
Chapter 41
Eva
I like jealous Jason; it makes him extra attentive.
After our quickie yesterday afternoon, he took me on top of the kitchen counter while I was trying to make a coffee last night and then again this morning. I am worn out, but I have never been so completely satisfied.
I almost forgot that Spencer was coming out here today, until I saw the Doctors Without Borders vehicle parked up against the hall.
“Eva! How are you?” Spencer comes out of the hall to greet me, he envelopes me in a big hug…that he holds for just a second too long, before looking me up and down, “You look amazing.”
“Thanks, and uh, I’ve been good, really good,” just then Jason decides to come and stake his claim over me.
“Hey baby, why didn’t you wait for me?” His arms go around my middle and he kisses the side of my cheek before looking over at Spencer. He is not happy, “Sorry, didn’t see you there. And you are…?”
“Spencer,” he doesn’t look happy either, I roll my eyes. This is turning into a pissing contest.
“Right, Spencer. Nice to meet you,” neither one of them offers to shake the other’s hand. This is ridiculous.
“You too. And you must be…?” Great, they are playing at the same game.
“Jason, Eva’s boyfriend.” Boyfriend huh? I turn my head to look up at Jason, he smirks and kisses me on lips, “Come on baby, let’s get you fed.” He puts his arm around my shoulders and leads me away from Spencer.
Once we get inside, Jason finally let’s go and heads over to the breakfast table. Once his attention is back on me, I simply raise my eyebrows at him.
“What? The guy was a dick,” he says and I laugh.
“How do you figure that? You spent about two seconds with him,” he huffs at my statement.
“Yeah, two seconds too long. Look, the guy looks like he walked straight out of an Abercrombie and Fitch ad. Dude is trying way too hard,” Jason is pouting and it’s adorable.
“Sure,” I decide to let it go, it’s fun having Jason go all possessive over me but it’s not fun when the shoe is on the other foot.
“So, where are we working today?” his question surprises me.
“We?” we never work together, it started out that way because I was trying to avoid him and then it continued because we don’t get anything done when we are around each other.
“Yes, we,” he looks completely serious, “I’m not leaving you alone. That douchebag is dying to ask you out again.”
“But I would say no,” I would say no to anyone who asked.
“Don’t care, you’re mine. He has to get with the program.”
‘Mine,’ I like the sound of that.
“Okay, fine,” it’s ridiculous, but sweet. I guess I should be more worried if he was okay with Spencer asking me out again.
I can deal with this.
***
I cannot deal with this.
Jason was deadly serious when he said he wasn’t letting me out of his sight today. We are back to our place for lunch and he is trying to come into the bathroom with me while I am peeing.
“Jason, really? I need to pee. Spencer isn’t even in here. Get out. Please,” Jason looks around the bathroom like Spencer could actually be hiding in here somewhere before relenting and leaving. Finally. I get two minutes alone to empty my bladder. I take my time and it must make Jason impatient.
“You about done yet?” he is so demanding today.
“Yes!” His caveman attitude is starting to turn me on.
I exit the bathroom, “Hey, think we have time for a quickie before we have to get back to wor- oh, fuck.” Jason is standing at the door, arms folded across his chest with a shit eating grin on his face. In the doorway is Spencer, looking shocked and highly uncomfortable.
“Um, maybe this is a bad time. I’ll come back,” Spencer says. I really need to look around before I start speaking.
“Okay,” Jason slams the door shut in his face.
“Jason, that was rude,” I stand with my hands on my hips, glaring at him.
“I don’t care, it’s obvious we’re together and he still came over here to ask you out,” he glares at me right back.
“You don’t know that,” although it’s probably true.
“I do know that,” he leans down to kiss my neck, bringing a hand up to palm my breast and leans down to whisper in my ear, “Now how bout that quickie.”
Chapter 42
Jason
Fucking Fraser. He asked for my help for one second. One second, to help lift something that his weak ass couldn’t help him do and now Eva’s gone.
I find her going over plans with Jabu and sure enough Spencer is with her. I come up behind Eva, putting my hands around her waist, kissing her neck and staking my claim. This dude needs to learn to take a hint, “Hey baby.”
“Hey, Spencer was just giving me a report on the health of the villagers,” I’m sure he was.
“What? Doctor, patient confidentiality doesn’t apply here,” I’m being petty but I can seem to stop. Eva belongs with someone like him, she deserves better than me and it’s eating me up inside.
“Jason,” she sounds annoyed with me. I whisper in her ear, as I don’t want anyone to over hear me.
“I’m sorry baby, I just don’t like him,” she gives me a warning look over her shoulder that seems to say ‘be nice’.
“It’s fine, Eva. Jason obviously isn’t aware of our procedures here. You’re just volunteering here, temporarily aren’t you?” Fuck. Hit me in the balls why don’t you.
The way he says temporarily rubs me the wrong way, I hate this bastard even more now than I did when I first found out about him.
“That’s right,” I reluctantly say but he cuts me off before I can say that I will be coming back.
His half smile is evil, “Well, enjoy your little holiday fling. Eva, I will see you in Cape Town,” she tenses underneath me. I don’t know what to say. He’s right. Well not about this being a fling. She is so much more than a fling, but I keep forgetting it’s temporary. When it comes down to it, I’m not sure I will be able to leave her.
“Eva, I-”
“Do not worry my friends, most great love stories start out small,” Jabu states. Wise man that one. Eva relaxes against me.
“Don’t worry about him. Let’s go make a start on dinner prep,” Eva turns to me with a smile on her face but it seems hesitant. I think she liked being reminded that this was temporary about as much as I did.
“Okay, baby, let’s go,” I lean down to kiss her, lingering on her lips. Needing the reassurance that she isn’t going to drop me when she realizes she can do better than me. Much better.
I don’t relax again until I see Spencer’s truck driving away, unfortunately he left after dinner.
That was the longest fucking day of my life. I have never been that scared about something being taken away from me. Which is unfair to Eva.
Since it’s now safe to leave her alone, I quietly slip away and go back to our place. I go to enter her room and hesitate, I should back off, give her some space. It might make it easier when I have to leave if there is some distance between us.
I go into my bedroom and lie down on my bed; I shut my eyes and soon drift off to sleep.
It feels like seconds later that I’m being shaken awake. Eva is standing over me and she looks like she’s in pain. I sit up, grasping her face in my hands.
“Eva, baby? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?” she sniffles.
“Why are you in here?” her voice is quiet, shaky.
“What?” I looking around, realizing now why she is upset, “Oh, That.”
“Oh?” Shit, I’ve made her cry, “So what? You’ve had your fun and now you’re done?”
“No,” she turns to leave, “No, Eva. I promise you that’s not what this is.”
“Then what is it?” She looks so vulnerable that my heart hurts. Fuck, I’m a bastard.
“It’s just, what Spencer said earlier. He’s right, it’s tem-” I can’t even say it, “You deserve someone like him, not someone like me,” I lie back on the bed, closing my eyes.
This is it; she’s going to walk away from me.
She should walk away from me.
If she knew the truth about me, if she knew that I had been lying to her this entire time then she would kick my ass to the curb. Hell, it’s exactly what I deserve.
It’s better this way, she deserves the whole world and I can’t give that to her. I can’t give her a damn thing.
I don’t hear anything at first and then I feel her lift off the bed. I can feel my heart breaking inside my chest. I don’t hear her footsteps but I do hear rustling. What is she doing? Why hasn’t she left yet?
“Jason, look at me.”
I look up and my heart stops.
Eva is standing in front of me, completely naked. She truly is the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on.
I know that I don’t deserve her, that I’m an asshole for wanting to keep her when I know I can’t, but fuck I want to keep her real bad.
“Eva,” I clear my throat, “What are you doing?”
“I’m going back to my room, you can either follow me and we can continue how we were before today happened or you can just lie there and this can be over. It’s your choice,” she turns and leaves the room.
What the fuck am I doing? I jump up, trying to follow her while ripping my clothes off at the same time. I’m an asshole that doesn’t deserve her but I’m also an asshole that can’t resist her body.
By the time I get to her room she is lying on the bed, propped up on her arms, smiling at me, “Good choice,” her legs fall open.
I want to take my time, taste her, but I am in a frenzy over the thought of losing her and I need to be inside her. I climb on top of her, neither us say anything as I enter her. She crosses her ankles over my back, gripping me to her as I make love to her, slowly. I prop myself up with an elbow next to her head and I gently grip her face with my other hand.
We kiss, it’s a slow and sensual kiss, like we have all the time in the world. I feel her shiver underneath me; her pussy starts to contract around my dick, she’s close.
I start to move faster, my movements becoming harder, more frantic. She is staring into my eyes as she comes and it’s an incredible sight. I follow seconds after, her release triggering mine.
As I pull out of her, I realize I wasn’t wearing a condom, I just came inside of her, fuck.
“What’s wrong?” she puts her hand on my cheek, getting my attention.
“I wasn’t wearing a condom,” I look down at her pussy and see that my come is slowly dripping out of her, “I came inside you.”
“Oh,” she looks down too, she can probably feel it sliding out of her. I go to the bathroom to get a wash cloth and I begin cleaning her up.
The thought of going bare back should freak me out, but it doesn’t. Not with Eva. After disposing of the wash cloth I climb back into bed with Eva, I pull her close to me and whisper in her ear.
“I’m sorry,” she turns her body so she is facing me, I tuck her into my side, needing to be close to her.
“It’s okay,” she whispers.
“No, it’s not, I should have been more careful,” I kiss her forehead, cursing myself and my stupidity.
***
Over the next few weeks we find a simple rhythm between us and I start to feel like a proper staff member.
On a positive note, Eva got her period this week. The negative to that, is that I’m not getting any, but that’s not for lack of trying. Eva thinks it’s gross I still want to have sex with her, reckons it will get too messy.
I was upset until she started giving me blow jobs to make up for the lack of sex. I’m not complaining any more, her blow jobs are porn star worthy.
Eva is giving me more and more responsibilities around the village and it’s great. Whenever we need supplies from Simunye, I either go in with Fraser or Eva to help out. If we are pressed for time, they force me to go with Fraser. Apparently, Eva and I get distracted and take too long.
I have been helping Fraser out, by running the orientation for all the new volunteers and I’ve started conducting the weekly stock take of all our containers, making sure everything is accounted for. I then help Eva coordinate the truck deliveries that mostly contain pre-fabricated building parts, if those trucks are late, then that pushes the whole schedule back.
This place is run like a well-oiled machine, and I give Eva all the credit. That girl is incredible. She seamlessly transitions from one role to the next, she goes from helping in the kitchen, to mediator when problems arise between staff, volunteers and like, to picking up a hammer and building these houses along with everyone else.
I heard her talking like an angel on the sat phone the other day to a possibly huge sponsor for the project. Then politely but sternly telling the owner of the trucking company off when he tried to increase their fee level.
Her most important role as of late is keeping me happy in the bedroom, and she is keeping me very happy indeed.
“What are you smiling about?” damn Fraser, the guy is always on my case but weirdly I really like the guy.
“Probably the same thing you’re smiling about,” my girl. Eva is the reason behind most of my smiles these days.
“Ahh, so great sex with an amazing girl?” it’s like he read my mind.
But great sex with an amazing girl? That’s an understatement, there are no words in the English language to describe Eva and the way she makes me feel. It’s like nothing I have ever experienced before and I don’t want it to end.
“You know it,” we fist bump before climbing up onto one of the houses to start fixing the iron down on the roof.
We get to start on the school tomorrow, I’m glad that I will be able to see some progress before I have to leave in a few weeks. Shit. Every time I think about leaving, I just want to go find Eva. I have this crazy urge to be inside of her when I think about going home.
Then when I’m inside of her I have these crazy ideas about staying.
Chapter 43
Eva
“Damn it!” I was in a hurry to open these stupid boxes and I’ve cut my hand with the knife I was using. Fraser always tells me I need to slow down and be more careful but like most of the time, I don’t listen.
“Let me see,” I hold up my bleeding hand for inspection, “doesn’t look too bad, let me go get the first aid kit and I will bandage it up for you.”
“Alright, thanks Fraser,” I take a seat on one of the other unopened boxes being careful not to get blood on anything. For a small cut, it’s bleeding a bit so I make a fist to try and steam the blood flow.
I have only been sitting down for a few minutes when Jason comes running over to me with a panicked look on his face. He manages to slow down when he reaches me, nearly crashing into me in a bid to get to my hand. He cradles my hand in his, not caring that he is getting covered in blood in the process.
“Are you alright? How bad is it? Let me see, are you in pain?” Wow, he is really worried about me, his concern only adds to my pain though, considering he is only here for two more weeks. I have been trying hard not to think about it but moments like these make that hard, he is just so amazing.
“Move over, it’s not that bad,” Fraser shoves Jason roughly out of the way, rolling his eyes at how dramatic he is being. Jason looks annoyed but doesn’t protest when he sees Fraser pulling out a bandage and some antiseptic.
“I don’t know how to do first aid,” I can’t help but laugh at Jason’s face, he looks so upset, “It’s not funny, I can’t help you. When I get back to the States, I’m going to do a first aid course,” I tense at the mention of him going home.
Thankfully Fraser starts explaining the steps he is taking to clean my wound and then how to wrap it up in a bandage so it won’t get infected.
His explanation gives me a few moments to get my shit together, I don’t need to start crying. So far, I have only cried a few times in private and have managed to hide it from Jason, the last thing I want is for him to find out I’m blubbering over the thought of him leaving me.
Jason is hanging on Fraser’s every word and vows to help me clean my wound every day until I am healed. I don’t bother to tell him that I will be fine in a few days.
After Fraser is done, Jason and I go back to our place to clean up. I wasn’t very dirty at first but Jason got covered in my blood and then had his arms around me while I was getting fixed up so now, we are both covered in my blood. It’s comical that such a small cut could cover two people in so much blood, it looks like we have murdered someone.
Jason has a shower while I wipe off using the sink, not wanting to get my bandage wet just yet. Afterwards he forces me to lie down on the bed and take it easy for the rest of the day, you would think I nearly had my arm chopped off by the way he is acting.
Jason assures me that he will clean the bathroom and soak our blood-stained clothes, I expect him to go back to work after he is done but apparently, he is too worried about me to leave me alone. I want to protest but it’s sweet, and I’m selfish, I want this time alone with him.
Jason decides we should spend the afternoon in bed and gets that damn book out again, declaring we need to finish it because he wants to know how it ends.
He props himself up against the wall and positions my head to rest in his lap, if I really was badly hurt this would be the perfect medicine.
His voice is hypnotic and I can’t get enough of it. The afternoon flies by and Jason takes great joy in reading the steamy sex scenes out loud while I cringe, highly embarrassed at my choice in reading material.
He finishes the book not long before dinner, declaring the book as his favorite and asking if he can take it home with him.
I agree, already with the intention of buying another copy, I think it just became my new favorite book too.
Chapter 44
Jason
One week. That’s all I have left here, just one week.
I want to do something nice for Eva, something special, like she did for me with that day on safari.
Problem is, there isn’t too much to choose from around here and it’s not like I can just jump on my phone and google some romantic ideas.
I find myself over at Fraser and Maria’s place, I saw them take off after dinner and I hope I’m not about to interrupt anything, I need to get this done before Eva finishes with the clean-up and comes looking for me.
It’s Maria that opens the door.
“Hey Jason,” she seems surprised to see me and I don’t blame her, it’s not like I have ever popped around for a visit before, “Come in.” She steps aside to let me in, gesturing for me to have a seat at the table. I sit down and hear the shower turn off; Maria nervously walks over to the bathroom door.
“Um, Fraser? Huni, Jason is here so when you come out can you make sure you have something on?” so that’s why she’s nervous. I laugh silently, shaking my head, I shouldn’t be surprised he would walk around here naked.
Fraser exits the bathroom holding a wash cloth over his junk.
“Hey man, I’ll just be a minute,” he struts over to his room and I advert my eyes not wanting to scar my eye sockets.
When he comes back out, he sits down across from me at the small table and pulls Maria onto lap. “What can I do for you? Hope you aren’t planning on staying long,” he gestures at Maria and I catch his drift. Maybe we’re more alike than I realized.
“Fraser, don’t be rude, he’s our guest,” sometimes I forget they only started dating not long before Eva and I, they are like an old married couple.
“I’m just messing with him, he knows he’s welcome anytime,” Maria looks satisfied and turns her attention back to me, Fraser on the other hand is shaking his head, mouthing ‘not welcome’ while giving me a death glare.
“I’ll cut right to the chase, I only have a week left here and I want to do something special for Eva, take her somewhere maybe, I don’t want to copy what she did for me by taking her back to the Hlane Royal National Park but what else is there to do around here?” Maria has tears brimming in her eyes and is holding her hands over her heart while Fraser is rolling his eyes.
“Why couldn’t you have just asked us tomorrow?” Maria turns to Fraser with a scowl.
“Fraser, don’t be so mean, it’s a beautiful idea and Eva will be over the moon if you plan something nice for her,” she starts tapping her chin with her finger, clearly thinking of ideas so I just wait. Fraser however is getting agitated.
“Urgh, look, take her down to Mkhaya Game Reserve, it’s a refuge for endangered species, spend the night if you want, we can do without you guys for two days,” he looks like he is about to murder me but it’s a damn good idea.
“Fraser! That’s perfect! See, you can be romantic,” Maria is obviously turned on by Fraser’s romantic idea as she spins around and starts kissing him.
I have to admit though, the idea really is perfect. I become slightly uncomfortable when I realize that they aren’t going to stop kissing. I clear my throat but that has no affect so I excuse myself, deciding I should go and try beat Eva home.
Then, I have some planning to do.
An overnight trip isn’t something that I thought would be possible but the thought of taking her in a big bed has my dick straining against my shorts. I hope this place doesn’t have water restrictions, I should ask when I make my booking, having sex with Eva in the shower is pretty much one of the only things we haven’t done and it has been a fantasy of mine for a while now.
This trip needs to be something special.
I’m not great with my words but maybe I can show her through my actions. I need her to know how important she is to me and if I play my cards right, this trip might be able to show her what I don’t have the balls to tell her.
Chapter 45
Eva
Jason is acting strange. He keeps disappearing and normally either Fraser or Maria have vanished with him.
I would be worried except the sex is still incredible, two nights ago I came home after clean up to find Jason was in the shower. I thought I would go see how his day was, as soon as he saw me, he shut the shower off and started kissing me.
After he ripped my clothes off, he lifted me up onto the sink and went down on me, he didn’t let up until I orgasmed, twice.
He didn’t stop there either, just held my legs up by my knees and pounded into me, I didn’t think he could get any more passionate but I was wrong.
He came all over my stomach and seeing his seed spread all over me must have flicked a switch in him, he hasn’t wanted to wear a condom since.
I for one, have not been complaining, especially since he is so sweet and carefully cleans me up afterwards.
He made love to me in bed this morning and that was the last time I saw him, he didn’t even come back for lunch which is strange and kind of pissed me off, I was beginning to enjoy our lunchtime quickies.
I am currently wandering around trying to find both Jason and Maria, it seems to be Maria’s turn to disappear with Jason. Fraser was quick to try and distract me when I asked about Maria, which only made me more suspicious, what the hell are they up to?
Finally, I spot them both coming out of one of the supply containers, Jason is handing Maria back the sat phone and they both seem to be extremely happy. What the hell?
“What are you guys doing?!” I’m yelling at them before I even make it over to them. They both freeze like deer stuck in a headlight, Jason pales and Maria looks guilty. Before I make it the rest of the way to them, Maria takes off, literally running away from me.
“What are you hiding from me?” I’m stuck between being angry and upset. Being upset is starting to win out and I can feel tears beginning to well up in my eyes.
“Eva, baby, don’t cry sweetheart. It’s not what you think,” he looks at me with such tenderness, such honesty, that I want to believe him.
Not for a moment would I think there is something romantic going on between Jason and Maria but something is definitely going on and I’m not normally this erratic with my emotions. I feel more and more strung out with each day that ticks by.
“Are you going to tell me?” He places a soft kiss on my forehead.
“Tomorrow, I promise, I will tell you everything tomorrow,” he swings his arm over my shoulder and he starts leading me towards the hall. “Now let’s go get some dinner, I’m starving and I need some energy for tonight.”
“What’s happening tonight?” I’m genuinely puzzled, we have no activities planned with the volunteers tonight and the bonfire is tomorrow night.
“I’m going tunneling,” he starts wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Tunneling?” Oh. His expression says it all, he was being dirty and it’s working for me, I’m now keen to skip dinner. “Where are you going tunneling?”
“Where ever you let me.”
Oh my.
***
I wake up super early in the morning, anxious to hear what Jason is going to tell me. Has something happened? Is he leaving early? Or is he staying a little bit longer? It annoys me that he is still asleep so I start poking at his chest.
All that does is earn me a groan so I decide to start tapping his forehead. Finally, he cracks one eye open. “What?” he says in a sleepy voice.
“It’s tomorrow,” I am too scared to talk in more than a whisper.
“It is tomorrow,” his grin is contagious, so this mustn’t be bad news after all. He reaches around and squeezes my butt cheek before whispering in my ear, “Go pack an overnight bag.” Um, what?
What?
“Overnight? Overnight? You’re taking me somewhere?” My heart starts beating rapidly.
“Yeah baby, I am. Now get this fine ass up so we can get on the road before I decide I would rather keep you here.” I squeal with delight and jump up, quickly grabbing a backpack and shoving a few things inside.
“Done,” even I’m impressed with how fast I am at packing. Jason doesn’t seem impressed though, he is still lying in bed with his hands behind his head, staring at me.
“So, you’re ready to go?” My body begins to heat as his eyes start roaming over me.
“Yeah,” duh, can he not see my packed bag?
“You’re naked baby,” shit. I am naked. I can’t help the chuckle that escapes me, Jason gets out of bed and holds me close to him. “Don’t worry, we have time. You got up earlier than I expected so go take a shower, then we can grab some breakfast before we go.”
I am bouncing up and down in my seat like an idiot but I can’t help it. I am so excited. Jason is driving and won’t tell me where we are going, I don’t mind though, it just adds suspense to the whole thing.
This will be the first time I have gone on an actual holiday with a boyfriend. Well, if you can call an overnight trip a holiday and Jason my boyfriend.
He introduced himself to Spencer as my boyfriend but I wasn’t sure if he meant it or whether that was just for Spencer’s benefit. I am too scared to clarify anything with him as it will just complicate things when it comes time for him to leave, so I have left it alone.
I get a sharp pain in my chest every time I think about Jason leaving. I have been over it in my head a hundred times, even if we wanted to stay together after his three months ends, he will still need to go home. I mean he has his entire life in the States, a home, a job, friends, he can’t leave all that behind on a whim.
I try not to think about the fact that I barely know anything about him, it’s not like I have opened up to him or anything. But I’m not going to, open up to him that is, because if he doesn’t feel the same way about me then I don’t want to confide in him with anything that is too personal. He has to confide in me first.
Jason must have sensed that my mood has changed, “You okay? You stopped bouncing.”
“Oh, fine. Just running out of steam I guess, we have been on the road awhile,” which is a half-truth, we have been driving a long time.
“Maria made us some sandwiches last night, they’re in the back,” I reach back and find a cooler I hadn’t even seen Jason put back there.
We eat in silence and I decide I won’t let my inner musings distract me from this trip.
I will just let go and enjoy the time we have left.
After another hour or so, my mouth opens in shock at what I see.
Or more correctly, at where we are.
I can’t believe it.
He brought me to the Mkhaya Game Reserve, this place is supposed to be amazing and I am finally going to get to see a black rhino.
Surprisingly, it is one of the only animals in Africa that I haven’t seen yet. They always seem to hide from me.
We are led to a beautiful stone cottage surrounded by bush, there is an outdoor seating area with an old bath tub set amongst the trees and a fire underneath to heat the water.
The inside is just as beautiful, my favorite part is the big bed complete with rose petals. It is perfect. He is perfect. If I didn’t love him already, I think I truly do now.
“Don’t get too comfy we’re going out on a private safari tour soon and then a walking tour in the morning.” He gazes down at me while I sprawl out on the big bed.
“Walking tour?” I have never done one of those before.
“Yeah, we will get to see the rhino’s up close. Kinda scary as they are still a wild animal but it should be pretty epic and if it decides to charge us, I’ll just hide behind you.”
“Funny,” I reply sarcastically. “So, when do we need to leave?”
“Ten minutes,” damn, I was hoping we could enjoy this place a bit more first.
“That should give us enough time,” I turn to Jason and practically leap at him, the fact he planned this amazing and romantic trip turns me on, big time.
I don’t bother taking his shirt off, I am in too much of a hurry. I drop his pants and pull his dick into my mouth.
“Fuuucckkk! Yeah baby…that’s it. Suck it,” I don’t reply, I can’t, my mouth is too full, of him.
All too soon he pulls me up, turning me around and dropping my pants. Pushing me up against the edge of the nearby couch. I fall over the arm rest just as he slams into me from behind.
“Jason! Ohhhh, Jason!” I am bucking wildly underneath him and as soon as he reaches around and flicks my clit, my orgasm bursts out of me. I am still shaking when Jason pulls out and I feel a warm liquid on my butt cheeks, it slowly starts to run down between my cheeks.
“Fuck Eva, you have no idea how sexy you are right now, I really want to stay here and take you again but I also really want to see a rhino, I’m torn,” I turn my head so I can look at him over my shoulder.
“Rhino! Definitely rhino, besides I want you to take me in that tub later tonight,” he chuckles, I think he likes that idea.
“The only reason I’m not offended by that statement is because you said you want me to take you in that tub later,” he starts walking away from me. I hear him go into the bathroom but he doesn’t come back out straight away.
“Jason? Are you coming back to clean me up?” It’s kind of awkward lying here like this.
“Nah! I like you like that,” I can hear his laughter echoing around the bathroom.
Bastard.
Chapter 46
Jason
I was more than happy with Eva’s response to my surprise; I only wish I had thought of it earlier.
She is currently tucked into my side while we ride around the park in the back of an open Land Rover.
The last safari we went on was amazing but this one is incredible, we can’t seem to take our hands off each other, even when one of us is taking pictures, the other one has their hand on the others arm or leg.
So far, we have seen sable antelope, livingstone eland and tsessebe, our guide tells us that they have the only population of these animals in the whole of Eswatini.
Her face is breath taking when we finally come across a rhino, it’s full of awe. I get a funny feeling in my chest when I look at her, I have never felt anything like it before. Nothing or no one even comes close to her.
We spend our remaining time sitting and watching the rhino’s, just relaxing in each other’s arms. Eva pouts when our guide tells us it’s time to head back for dinner but I only have to remind her about our walking tour tomorrow and she is back to being giddy. I love Eva like this, so carefree and happy.
Dinner is amazing, the staff have set up a private dining area for us, full of candles and rose petals. After we have eaten, I pull Eva into my arms for a slow dance, we are barely moving and the music is only softly playing in the background. She is clinging to me and I am resting my chin on the top of her head.
I notice one of the staff come into view and give me the thumbs up, that’s my signal that I can take Eva back to our room.
“Let’s go baby,” she mumbles an ‘alright’ and stays tucked into my side on our way back.
Her eyes light up when she sees a slow fire burning underneath the outdoor bath tub. She wastes no time stripping off and hopping into the water.
I take my time undressing, content with watching her soak in the tub, there are a few rose petals floating on the surface and they have put something in the water that gives it a milky appearance but I still have a clear view of her naked body.
“Aren’t you going to join me?” She looks up at me biting her bottom lip.
“Of course, scoot forward and let me in,” she complies and once I’m settled in the water, I pull her back against my chest, holding her to me as we relax in the water.
We lie like that for some time, gazing up at the stars. Her nipples are bobbing in and out of the water and they are as hard as rocks, I slide both hands up and start rubbing her nipples between my thumb and forefingers.
She is moaning softly, rubbing her naked ass along my cock. I start to kiss her neck before taking one hand and slipping it between her legs, her breath hitches before she is back to her soft, sexy little moans.
I pull her body up slightly, easily slipping inside her. I’m still working her clit and she is gently rocking her body against mine. It’s sensual yet erotic at the same time.
We reach our climax together, perfectly in sync with one another.
When the fire has died out and the water is starting to cool, I carry her inside, placing her gently on the bed.
At first, I was excited about having her in a big bed but now that we are here, I miss the close confines of our single bed, forcing us into intimate positions.
I lie down on top of her and she readily spreads her legs for me, granting me entrance to my happy place. Just like out in the tub, we make love slowly, staring into each other’s eyes. I never thought I would enjoy this type of sex but it is just as good, if not better than the hot, quick, passionate fucks we normally have.
She finds her release first, her pussy clenching and contracting around my cock. The sensations send me over the edge and I pull out, lifting up to spill my load all over her breasts.
Fuck me.
What a sight.
Chapter 47
Eva
Jason and I have just started our walking tour and to be honest I wish we were in a vehicle today.
I love the thought of walking amongst the animals but I’m a little sore, down there.
After making love last night, twice, Jason took full advantage of the fact that we had a hot shower, he started off washing my body but that quickly turned into fucking me against the shower wall.
Then after breakfast, he said he was still hungry and lifted me up onto the outdoor table, going down on me before slamming into me roughly. I’m astounded by his stamina and to be honest, I’m a little exhausted.
My exhaustion fades away as soon as we come to a clearing and come face to face with a black rhino, well it’s about a hundred and fifty feet away but it sure feels like we are closer.
Not having the barrier of a vehicle or the option of a quick escape is thrilling. Jason is holding me to him and it feels right.
We feel right.
The scene before me is like something out of a fairy tale, the sun is still slowing rising, illuminating the sky with pinks and reds, the rhino is not paying us any attention, just happily eating away from a small acacia tree.
The best part of this whole day is Jason.
Even if I didn’t get to see one rhino, this trip would be worth it.
The guide gets us to stand in front of the rhino, posing for a picture, we both have big goofy smiles on our faces and Jason has his arms wrapped completely around me.
We look like a couple in love, it’s a beautiful photo.
Unfortunately, since we also have to drive back today our walking tour is up too soon. We are given a packed lunch for our road trip back which is sweet, although I have a feeling this was Jason’s doing, he seems to have thought of everything and I can’t believe he got us into a place like this at the last minute.
I’m so tired that I must fall asleep on the way back, I wake up to Jason picking me up from inside the truck, I look around seeing we are back at the village.
“Shhhh, go back to sleep baby, I’ll get you to bed,” the feeling of him carrying me in his arms is hard to take in, I can feel my panties getting damp. He looks down at me in confusion, “What?”
“Nothing, you’re just really sexy,” his grin is stunning.
“I like that you feel that way but we really should get some sleep,” I must be more exhausted than I thought because I’m asleep before we even get inside.
***
“So, how was it?” Maria is standing in front of me waving a knife around excitedly. If we weren’t in the kitchen making breakfast, I would be a little scared.
“Maria,” Fraser groans and takes the knife out of her hand, “Leave her alone.” He gives me a sad look; he is fully aware, just like I am, that Jason is leaving in a few days.
“It was perfect,” I reply to Maria with a sad smile on my face. It’s clear the moment she realizes the same thing we all do, the sympathy on her face is painful to look at.
Before I can get too upset a volunteer comes in asking Maria something but I tune them out, deciding to focus on the task at hand instead.
Fraser leans over and whispers in my ear, “Just because he’s leaving doesn’t mean that what you guys have isn’t real, if it’s meant to be, you guys will find each other again one day,” he’s right. He is absolutely right.
Although I can’t help the tear that manages to escape and starts to run down my cheek, I discreetly rub it away, preparing myself for the day ahead.
Jason and I work side by side on the school for the rest of the day, we mostly work in silence, stealing glances and small touches here and there.
The school seems to be important to Jason, I have a feeling he has bonded with the kids from the village over their love of sports and I’m glad he got to work on it before he leaves.
His focus is adorable, I heard him asking Neil the other day if he thought the framing would be finished before he left, I’m hoping for his sake that it is, I have a feeling that’s why he is working so hard.
I even had to bribe him with a quickie so that he would take a lunch break and it was just that, a quickie. No foreplay, just a quick passionate fuck up against the kitchen bench before inhaling his sandwich and running back out the door to get to work.
I need to talk to Neil and Patrick, we only have tomorrow left to get the framing finished on the school and I really, really want it to be finished in time.
Chapter 48
Jason
Eva was gone by the time I woke up this morning, which is odd because the sun is only just rising.
I take a quick shower before going out in search of her, I’m in a bad mood since I didn’t get to wake up with her beside me this morning.
As I walk out the door, the sight before me takes my breath away.
Every single person, staff member, volunteer and village helper are working on the school, the school consists of two separate buildings, the framing is nearly complete on one but the other is only half way there. I’m too busy staring in awe at the hive of activity to notice Eva has come up to me and is standing on the step below me.
“I wanted to surprise you, I know the school is important to you and I wanted at least the framing to be finished before you leave to-” she can’t finish that sentence and I don’t want her to.
I pull her back inside the house before slamming the door shut and locking it, my clothes come off in record time, I stalk towards Eva with a predatory look in my eyes.
She doesn’t protest as I strip her of her clothes and place her on the small table, she leans back against the wall and I position a chair directly in front of her before taking a seat. I spread her legs wide with my hands.
“You’re perfect, you know that, right?” I don’t give her a chance to respond before my tongue is on her, devouring her pussy, I bring my thumb up to circle her clit as I pump my tongue in and out of her. I angle my head so that I can watch her, she has her nipples between her fingers and her mouth open in a silent scream, she’s beautiful, intoxicating.
The sight turns me on and my cock is begging to be inside her but not before she comes.
Never before she comes.
Before long she is writhing beneath me, screaming out my name and fisting my hair in her hands, tugging on it roughly. I don’t let up until her orgasm hits my face and I start lapping up her juices, her body is still twitching underneath me.
I stand and enter her slowly, her arms and legs automatically come around me, holding me to her. She kisses me roughly, tasting herself on my tongue.
I pick her up, pounding into her roughly, I think for a second I might be being too rough but her moans get louder and louder.
“Harder Jason, fuck me harder!” You don’t have to tell me twice. Our bodies are slapping together loudly, echoing in the small space, her second orgasm washes over her within moments.
I love watching her come, it’s one of my favorite things in the world. I pull out of her and put her back down on the table so I can come all over her.
“Fuuucckkkk!” My trail of come starts at her pussy and leads all the way up to between her breasts, the sight makes me want to take her again.
I kiss her tenderly before cleaning her up and getting dressed.
We get some strange looks when we exit our house but I don’t give a fuck, my girl did something nice for me and I wanted to give her, her reward.
By lunchtime we have made so much progress that we only have to fit the roof and we are done.
Everyone decides to have an hour-long break and go sit in the shade for a while to eat. The sun is harsh and makes working in the heat pretty difficult. We always seem to be covered in sweat but I don’t mind, I like the smell of Eva’s sweat and I don’t care if that comes across as creepy, it’s the truth.
We spend pretty much the whole hour in bed making love to each other, the fact that Eva’s stomach growled at us, loudly, is the only reason we are up and eating at the small table.
I have fond memories of this table, of this whole house really.
Who would have thought I would enjoy living somewhere so small, I have a feeling that it’s mostly due to the girl sitting across from me, devouring her two sandwiches like she hasn’t eaten in a week.
“You hungry baby?” She pauses mid chew, her bite so big that most of it is sticking out the side of her cheek. Her cheeks flush like she is embarrassed and she tries to speak but instead of words little crumbs fly out of her mouth.
We both start laughing, big belly laughs and Eva is caught being laughing and choking on her huge mouthful. Eventually, she gets herself under control enough to swallow.
“Sorry, that wasn’t very attractive,” she is looking down at her sandwich, finally deciding to take a much smaller bite.
“I dunno, I think everything you do is pretty attractive,” she stays quiet but has a pleased smile on her face. After we finish eating, we walk back to the school hand in hand. “Thanks for today Eva, it really means a lot to me…you, mean a lot to me.”
“You mean a lot to me too Jason,” we share a small kiss before jumping straight back into an afternoon of hard work.
Jason.
Not Mason.
She is never going to forgive me if I tell her the truth.
Not now, anyway and I don’t want to ruin our last night together.
Chapter 49
Eva
The framework for the two school buildings is complete by late afternoon and I can tell that Jason appreciates being able to see it before he leaves tomorrow.
Everyone celebrates our achievement and slowly leaves to get ready for tonight, we are having a special dinner to thank Jason for his time here.
After almost everyone is gone, Jason asks Fraser to take a photo of the two of us together in front of the school buildings.
Fraser takes a few us of with Jason standing behind me, his arms are wrapped around me resting on my stomach. Jason starts to kiss my cheek so I turn slightly to face him so he can reach my lips. After Fraser hands Jason his phone back, I realize that he was still taking pictures of us while were we kissing.
The photos are beautiful and I would love for him to send me a copy but I am too scared to ask him.
The fact that Jason hasn’t given me his phone number speaks volumes, I know I have his contact details in a file somewhere but it would be nice of him to say, here’s my number, I would love to hear from you. Or what’s your number, I would like to send you some of these photos.
It just cements the fact that this was only ever supposed to be temporary, he never intended for this to become anything more than it was. A casual fling.
The reminder hurts but I knew this day was coming, I realized that I would be left heart broken in the end but it hurts a lot more than I expected.
I manage to keep it together through dinner and we end up staying longer than I wanted but everyone wants to say their goodbyes to Jason. He will be leaving in the morning and I don’t intend to let him out of bed until the last minute.
I’m even contemplating not going to the airport. We haven’t talked about it at all but I think we have both been avoiding that conversation.
By the time we make it back to our room we are both exhausted, if it was any other night, I wouldn’t mind simply going to sleep but tonight, tonight I want my fill of Jason. I expect him to be frantic with his actions but he surprises me, he undresses both me and himself, kissing my lips and parts of my body the entire time.
He lies me down on the bed underneath him, kissing me slowly, like he has all the time in the world. His lower half grinds into me, working me into a frenzy but still, he takes his time, like he is savoring me.
He enters me slowly, never releasing my lips, working his hands up and down my sides.
I cherish his weight on me, every inch of our bodies are touching and it’s perfect, he is perfect.
He pulls back slightly so he can look at my face and I am stunned by the emotions I see in his eyes, full of both love and pain which I imagine is a mirror image of my own eyes.
It must get to much for Jason as he buries his face in my shoulder and starts thrusting harder, faster. I wrap my legs around him, unwilling to let him get any further away from me, I am so close to saying I love you when I climax but I manage to hold those words inside. Not willing to let them escape when they wouldn’t be returned.
Jason pulls out and empties his release onto my stomach, leaning back on his heels afterwards and taking a few moments to let his eyes wander over my body, I do the same. Knowing that this will be our last night together and wanting to memorize every inch of him. Every perfect inch.
Jason leaves to get a wash cloth to clean me up and I am close to losing it, when he comes back in the room, a few tears have escaped and are running down my cheeks.
He either doesn’t notice or chooses to ignore my pain, when Jason is done wiping me down, he slides in behind me, pulling me to him with a grip that is almost crushing.
A small sob escapes me before I can help it but that only makes Jason’s grip stronger.
“I want you to know that you mean everything to me. I will never forget you Eva, ever.” His words should bring me comfort but they don’t, they are a final goodbye.
I will never forget you.
Not, we can make this work.
Not, let’s keep in contact and see what happens.
Simply, five little words that tear my heart to shreds.
I had some stupid fantasy in my head that he wouldn’t be able to say goodbye to me, that he would choose not to leave me.
But life isn’t a romance novel, not everyone gets a happy ending and certainly not me.
And why should I? I’m just the girl who should have died that night alongside her parents, instead I’m here and my heart is breaking all over again.
Chapter 50
Jason
I wake up in a cold sweat.
Fuck. I have to leave today.
I ease my way out from under a naked Eva, it’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do and I’m freaking out.
I think I’m having a panic attack.
Seriously, I can’t fucking breathe.
I go to the bathroom to calm down and end up taking a shower. When I open the bathroom door, I’m met with a very sleepy and very naked Eva. Fuck, “I woke up and you weren’t there.”
“Sorry, baby, I couldn’t sleep,” I drop my towel and take only a few steps before I reach her. The sight of her makes my chest hurt.
How did three months go by so quickly?
I pick her up and we fall back against the wall, she automatically wraps her legs around me and I slam into her. Desperate to be inside her. Wishing this didn’t have to be the last time.
I pound in and out of her like a madman. I bury my face in her neck, not able to look her in the eyes, afraid if I do, I will break down.
She is clinging to head, moaning into my ear.
All too soon, we reach our climax, together. I still inside of her, not wanting to move.
We stand like that for a few minutes before Eva starts to wriggle.
I reluctantly put her down and look into her eyes. What I see shocks me, I expect to see warmth and sadness but instead I see coldness. “I have to shower before I take you to the airport,” with that, she walks past me and shuts the bathroom door, loudly.
I flinch, it’s like she’s shutting the door on our relationship. A relationship I’m not so sure I want to finish.
I thought Eva felt the same, but maybe I was wrong. I walk into my room and slowly pack up my belongings, I was hoping Eva would be out of the bathroom by now so we could talk. I need to talk to her about how I’m feeling. That I kind of want to stay. With her.
After the last of my belongings are packed away, I sit on my bed and wait. I hear Eva exit the bathroom but she goes straight to her room and shuts the door, so I continue to wait. When she finally makes her way to my room she just looks pissed off.
“What are you doing? We need to leave for the airport in an hour and we still haven’t had breakfast yet,” she is standing there with her hands on her hips, glaring at me.
“Eva, can we talk?” my voice is close to breaking, I don’t want this to be the end.
“No, Jason. I-” I don’t let her finish, we need to talk. Now.
“Please?” I’m pleading with her and I don’t care if it makes me look pathetic. I think I could be in love with this girl.
“No! We fucked for a couple of months, it was great and now it’s over. We both knew this was how this was going to end,” her anger starts to fade as tears well in her eyes but as soon as they were there, they’re gone.
“Get a move on,” she snaps at me before leaving the house all together. I should follow her; I should get breakfast and say my goodbyes but I can’t face everyone.
I can’t face Eva looking at me like she hates me.
She doesn’t even know the truth yet, how can I tell her now? When she is already so mad at me? Why is she even mad? I want to stay, with her, doesn’t she realize that?
An hour later, Fraser pokes his head into my room, “You ready to go?”
“She hates me, doesn’t she,” Fraser takes a deep breath before sitting on the bed next to me.
“She doesn’t hate you. Far from it. She’s just hurt so she’s lashing out,” I almost believe him, but he won’t meet my eyes.
I stand, grab my belongings and head out the door. I feel numb saying my goodbyes to everyone, I barely remember everything that happened between walking from the house to the van.
Eva is sitting in the passenger seat up front. Everyone else is piling into the back. Fraser jumps in the driver’s seat. “Hop in man,” I would but I want to sit next to Eva and she is sitting against the passenger side door.
“Eva?” I ask tentatively, “Can I sit next to you?” she ignores me.
She won’t face me.
She won’t even look at me.
I feel as though someone has ripped my heart out of my chest. I don’t remember sitting in the back but I must of because before I know it, we are pulling up outside the airport.
Eva is saying goodbye to the other volunteers and Fraser is helping everyone with their bags. I make my way over to Eva; she is wearing dark sunglasses and she still won’t acknowledge me.
“Eva, baby, please?” I remove her sunglasses and find her eyes are full of tears. It looks like she has been crying all morning.
I gently kiss her lips, when she doesn’t respond, I kiss her eyelids, her forehead, her cheeks, everywhere until she finally opens her lips for me.
The kiss is slow and sensual.
I find my own eyes are filling with tears.
Eva pulls back first, she looks more upset than before, that wasn’t my intention. “Eva, baby. What if I stayed? What if I di-”
“Don’t,” the hard tone of her voice gives me pause.
“Eva, wh-” that’s not the reaction I was expecting and she cuts me off before I have a chance to tell her I want to give up everything for her.
That I want to be with her.
For good.
“No!” She hiccups and has tears streaming down her face, “Don’t you dare say that to me. You and I both know you are getting on that plane and never coming back. You will go back home, back to your life and forget all about me. I will be the story you tell your children about. The one that got away. Well, that’s bullshit. We were fuck buddies. That’s all we ever were,” it’s like she punched me straight in the gut.
It hurts so much.
I don’t hold back, I let the tears fall.
“We were never just fuck buddies and you know it,” I growl. How dare she downgrade what we have.
“Whatever, it’s over now. Move on. I will be,” then she turns and walks away.
Watching her walk away is the hardest thing I have ever had to do, but deep down I know it’s the right thing for her. I have no doubt she will move on; she will move on and find someone better, not someone who has lied to her the entire time she has known them.
I have never known such pain.
I didn’t know my heart could hurt this badly. I can’t breathe. I can’t speak.
I flinch when I feel a hand on my shoulder.
“It’s time to go, I’m sorry buddy,” it’s Fraser. He looks upset as well.
Not sure what he has to be upset about. He gets to go home and lie next to his girlfriend tonight, make love to her, hold her.
He doesn’t have to say goodbye.
He gives me a hug, patting me on the back before stepping away. Turning and walking over to the arrivals gate, to greet the new lot of volunteers. I feel like I have stepped outside of my body, watching myself go through security, waiting at the terminal and then hopping on the plane.
And the next two flights after that.
I feel numb.
When I finally collapse on my king size bed in Seattle, I fall asleep, dreaming of a single bed in Africa and the most beautiful girl I have ever laid eyes on.
Chapter 51
Eva
‘Whatever, it’s over now. Move on. I will be.’ I can’t believe that is the last thing I ever said to Jason.
I was such a bitch. But I couldn’t help it.
This morning I had been hanging on by a thread. After Jason made love to me against the wall, I tried to turn my emotions off, tried to not let him see how much his leaving was affecting me.
I ended up breaking down in the bathroom. After that I tried to avoid him until it was time to leave, I shouldn’t have bothered, he didn’t come out of his room until everyone was ready to go.
When he asked if he could sit next to me in the van, I couldn’t speak, I couldn’t even look at him.
I had tears streaming down my face and had to resist the urge to curl up into a ball. I felt like an idiot. I knew this day was coming. I had tried to prepare myself for it but I didn’t realize just how far I had fallen for Jason.
Fraser held my hand on the way to the airport. He also patted my head on the return trip, I was curled up in a tight ball on the front seat, crying my eyes out. Replaying our last moments in my head over and over again.
When he mentioned he could stay, I lost it, I got so mad.
What would another week or another two weeks do? We would just be in the same position again but it would be even harder. I would have fallen even more in love with him.
In love with him.
Fuck.
Who am I kidding? I have been in love with him for a long time.
I am in love with a man who walked away, not even saying ‘call me’ or ‘I’ll be in touch’.
I am so deeply in love with Jason that I can’t see straight.
Move on.
I told him to move on, that I would be but that was a load of shit.
I will never move on.
He has taken my heart with him to Seattle and I will never be getting it back.
Fraser had to carry me to my room when we got back. It’s where I am right now, in the bed that Jason and I made love in, where we slept together every night, I can still smell him on my sheets.
I bury my face in my pillow, trying to absorb his smell, commit it to memory.
I eventually fall into a fitful sleep, filled with dreams of a man with beautiful hazel eyes.
Once again regretting my harsh, final words to the man that holds my heart and will continue to hold my heart, forever.
Chapter 52
Mason
What have I done?
I left the woman I love in Africa a few days ago and now I am engaged to someone else.
That’s right, engaged.
I’m fucking engaged.
What. The. Actual. Fuck!
I’m engaged.
To a woman I hate.
Because my father forced my hand.
Because I was too chicken shit to go after what I really wanted.
Too afraid of rejection from the one person who actually means something to me. But it’s too late now. I fucked up and I can’t undo it.
What is wrong with me?
What have I done?
There is only one more thought that runs through my head before I close my eyes and pray for sleep to take me quickly.
Eva.
Chapter 53
Eva
Six weeks later…
I put down my hammer and smile, in the six weeks it’s been since Jason left, I have kept extra busy.
I was in desperate need of a distraction, finding that good hard physical labor did the trick, being so exhausted when I went back to my room that I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
In a little over two months this project will be finished and then it will be on to the next.
I have some time in between projects and I tend to catch myself thinking that maybe I should go back home for a visit. It’s been so long since I have been back, I know my uncle would love to see me, Jayden too.
Then my thoughts start drifting to Jason and I wonder if he would mind if I looked him up while I was there.
No.
Stop it.
I knew what I was getting myself into and when he left, he didn’t offer me his number and I didn’t give him mine. We both knew that was it. That it was goodbye, for good.
I make my way back to my room to quickly clean up before going over to the hall for dinner. I start grabbing clothes from my drawers for a quick shower when something catches my eye.
It’s my tampon box.
Hmmm, I haven’t use those in a while. That’s strange.
I quickly do the math in my head. It’s been two months. I skipped a whole period? But that means.
No.
No!
I can’t be pregnant.
Can I?
Thank you very much for reading
Secrets and Deception


Eva and Mason’s story continues in
Forgiveness and Atonement
Book Two in the For Keeps Series
