Available as Sienna Stapleton

Reckless Curves

Reckless Curves 2

Reckless Curves 3

Secrets and Curves

Midnight Clear

Shelter Me

A Siren’s Call


Also Available from Michelle Cary

Northern Lights

Ransomed Heart

Don’t Look Back

Best of Intention

Fighting the Flame


Coming Soon…

Kentucky Thunder

Kentucky Rain


More titles and short stories available through my Patreon account.   You can follow me at: 

https://www.patreon.com/michellecary



Secrets and Curves
Warning
This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. E-books containing adult content are for sale to adults ONLY, as defined by the laws of the country in which you made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.
 
* * *
 
DISCLAIMER
 
Please do not try any new sexual practice, especially those that might be more taboo in nature such as my BDSM/fetish titles without the guidance of an experienced practitioner.   Always practice with a partner you know you can trust and be sure to take all safety measures necessary to ensure a safe, pleasurable experience for all involved. 
* * *
This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

SECRETS AND CURVES - COPYRIGHT © 2015 by Sienna Stapleton
 
Contact Information:
siennastapleton@ymail.com

Originally published under the title Sophie's Secret @ Loose-Id
 

Chapter 1
Sophie Green fumbled with the lock, finally managed to get the door open, then slumped toward the couch, letting her purse, coat and shoes fall off her as she went.  With a humph, she dropped down onto the old sofa.  The cool leather soothed her hot skin as she leaned back against the arm, stripped off her glasses and covered her eyes with her forearm.
"Uh…oh.  What happened?"
She barely managed to stifle a groan.  What was Logan doing home this time of night?  She moved her arm and opened one eye to gaze up at him for only a moment before resuming her original position.  His dark brown locks, in need of a good trimming to get them off his shoulders looked unkempt, as if he hadn't combed his hair at all that day.  A five o'clock shadow softened his square jaw, giving him more of a boyish quality than the sexy man he was. "I thought you'd be out roaming your territory by now."
His low, warm chuckle filled the room. "Not tonight.  My insulin levels are acting up and I think it's probably wise to stay grounded."
Concern broke through her frustration and waded its way to the surface.  Her brow knit and she moved her arm a second time. "Do you think it's related to your being sick the other night?"  
Just two nights before, she'd awoken twice from sleep to find Logan retching at the toilet.  Each time she'd stayed by his side, then helped him back to bed, concerned that his illness would make his condition worse.  After living with him for four years, and knowing him nearly all her life, she pretty much understood the ins and outs of his disease.  Most of the time she didn't give it much thought, but whenever he was ill, she worried more than she should.
Now she had to wonder if what they thought was bad food was actually something more.
He shrugged.  "Maybe.  I called Doctor Somers and he said if things don't stabilize in a day or two to let him know."
"So, where's Renee or Rachel or whatever her name is?  The way she was fawning all over you the last time I saw her I'd expect she'd be giving you the full nurse treatment."
"Jealous?"
She scoffed, trying to play off his way too accurate remark.  So what if she was jealous?  He didn't need to know, especially when he probably wouldn't feel the same way about her anyway.  "Hardly.  I simply expected to have the house to myself and if there's going to be another woman around I'd like to know."
He lifted her legs and ease down onto the couch next to her, letting her calves rest on his lap.
Great.  The last thing she wanted was some long conversation with Logan ending in a diatribe from him about her poor choice in men.  He had no idea how difficult it was for her to find a good man when she was far from the acceptable stereo type of what a woman should be.
Most of the time he was the perfect roommate, but every once in a while he'd decide to be the friend she knew he was, a habit of his that both soothed and annoyed Sophie.  Unfortunately, for him, right now she was more annoyed than happy about his presence.  "So, where is what's-her-name tonight?"
"Renee left last Friday for California and dreams of making it big in Hollywood."
Careful not to let him see, Sophie rolled her eyes.  How did someone as intelligent as Logan always hook up with stick thin, airhead bimbos in search of their fifteen minutes of fame?  Couldn’t he see they were simply looking for eye candy to show off to their girlfriends?  He was smart, handsome, and reliable, so why did he make a point to search out his exact opposite?  
Sexy men don’t go for women like you, Sophie.  You should know that by now.  Ruminating about her situation would only piss her off yet again.  She probably knew Logan better than his own parents did. They had more common interests than she could count on one hand and they rarely fought. Most importantly, she loved him more than she'd ever want to admit.  Still, at the end of the day, it was always some bimbo in a miniskirt, with an IQ of ten decorating his arm instead of her.
Lose some weight and then maybe he might take notice.
She sneered at her conscious.  "You know if I had a dime for every girl you've dated…" She shook her head. "On second thought, never mind.  Thinking about that amount of money will only depress me more."  
He furrowed his dark brow. "You're evading my question."
"No, I'm ignoring your question.  There is a difference."
The frown he sported deepened, revealing two perfect little dimples on either side of his square jaw.  "Sophie-"
She shook her head.  "Don't Sophie me.  I don't want to talk about it."
He patted her leg. "You never want to talk about it."  
She eyed him a second time.  "Yeah, well, today I really don't want to talk about it."  
He smirked.  "We'll see about that."  Then using his thumbs, he began massaging tiny circles along her calf.  A gasp tumbled from her parted lips.  Not fair!  He knew a massage would loosen her lips quicker than even alcohol could. Maybe if she didn't speak, she could continue to ignore his questions yet still enjoy the massage.
After several minutes of silence, he stopped, nearly causing her to protest.  "So, are you going to tell me what's wrong or do I have to break out the massage oil?"
Oh, boy did that sound like a tempting offer.  Only she knew he’d never use the oil where she’d want it most.  Still, what exactly were her reasons for not playing along and stopping his threat?  Oh yeah.  The idea of being half-naked in front of him had her wanting to crawl under her bed and hide.  Even if she managed not to die of humiliation at knowing he wasn’t interested in her type, being all slicked up with massage oil would only make her horny, which would, in the end, make her current situation worse.  Still, she had to give him kudos.  He knew exactly how to break her down. Her lips tipped up at the corners and her gaze drifted from the ceiling fan above her head to Logan.  "You want to know what's wrong. Men are scum, that's what's wrong."
Logan grabbed at his heart and feigned a faint.  "Ouch.  That hurts."  
She laughed and slapped at his arm.  "I don't mean you when I say that." Although, if she sat down and analyzed his behavior with woman, he really wasn't much better than the jerks she dated.  To his credit, he hadn't always been that way.  She could still remember him as a senior in high school and he'd dated the same girl for nearly all four years.  It wasn't until after he hit college -- correction, after his accident -- that he slowly turned into the hound he was today.  Maybe it was because she knew the other Logan that she was able to look at him differently.  
His brow arched.  "Well that's good to know.  So, what man had the audacity to degrade the fine reputation of men everywhere?"
"Corey Kelly, that's who."
"But I thought you two were getting along great.  At least that's what you told me the last time I asked about him."
How could she possibly explain that the boyfriend she thought was Mr. Perfect, was far from it without revealing too much information?  It was one thing to have a conversation about her relationships with Logan, but it was something else entirely to share her innermost desires with him.  Not that she was being sexist or anything, but those type of discussions were reserved for her best friend, Kara.
She sighed.  "Do you ever notice the longer you know somebody, the more you find out about that person?"
"Yeah, so?"
"Well, I was starting to get the distinct feeling Cory wasn't the person I thought he was.  Tonight, he confirmed my suspicions when I walked in on him banging the chick who lives down the hall from him.”
Logan's widened in surprise. "You caught him cheating?"
She nodded.  "What was supposed to have been one hell of a good day had somehow instead turned into the day from hell.  The bastard, he just stood there naked, in the middle of his living room asking me what I was doing there.”  She shook her head.  “I hope the son of a bitch chokes on the birthday cake I ordered and had delivered.  I swear if I'd had the chance, I would have shoved the damn thing in his face.”
At the end of her sentence, her anger dissipated, leaving behind a pain she knew all too well.  Tears began to build, and she fought to not let go and cry.  Crying would be easier, but the shit head didn't deserve her tears.  “I don't understand it, Logan. A couple of months ago I told him if he wanted, I'd be willing to get a little adventurous in the bedroom and instead of taking me up on it, he goes out and finds some bimbo to hump."
Logan arched a curious brow.  "What kind of adventure?"
Oh no, she wasn't going to go there.  It would be way too easy for that kind of information to make its way back to her brother, and that so wasn't a conversation she wanted to be having with Mitch. Sometimes he forgot she was twenty-six years old and perfectly capable of making her own decisions.
She smirked. "Wouldn't you like to know?"  She swung her legs off him, stood and began to pace.  "Really, Logan, is it me?  And be honest.  Am I ugly?  Too tall?  Too short?  Too fat?"
* * *
How could she possibly think anything was wrong with her?  With long blond hair, curves that went on for miles and the most generous personality he'd ever encountered she was everything a man could want--well, everything he'd ever wanted. "No, no, no and no," he replied patting the couch.  "Sit back down here and tell me what happened."
With a sigh, she plopped down onto the couch and curled into the crook of his arm, the aromatic scent of sunflowers tickled his nostrils and Logan had to stifle the urge to lean into her neck and take a deeper sniff.
"Corey was promoted and tomorrow is his birthday, so I was going kill two birds with one stone and sneak into his place while he was at work to surprise him with a little dinner au’ natural.  I mean, I thought we’d finally gotten to a place in our relationship where we were comfortable with each other’s bodies.”
She turned and glanced up at him.  “He’d told me I was sexy and well...despite knowing better, I believed him.  Apparently, it was nothing more than another of his lies.”
The image of Sophie serving dinner naked lodged itself in Logan's brain and wouldn't let go.  His dick surged to life, and he quickly adjusted himself so as not to accidentally reveal his thoughts.  It wasn't her fault he'd had a thing for her since high school but made a promise to his best friend--her brother, to keep his paws off.
She continued to stare at him.  "If it's none of the other reasons then it has to be the sex, right?"
"Excuse me?"  That had been the last thing he expected to hear her say.  He was having a hard enough time keeping his brain engaged in the conversation when most of the blood needed for thought processes had diverted south.  Having her bring up the question of her own inadequacies in the sex department wouldn't help matters any.
"Sex, Logan."  She pushed off him and shifted on the sofa, so they were facing each other.  Logan prayed she wouldn't notice the hard-on now threatening to tent his shorts.
"If it's not my looks, or my weight, or any of those other things that turned Corey off, then I must be bad in bed."
Think cold thoughts, Logan!  He shifted back against the sofa and as nonchalantly as possible pulled a pillow over his lap.  "Well," he began.  Penguins, Eskimos, swimming naked in a cold lake.  Logan cleared his throat.  "Since I have no knowledge in that area, it would be inappropriate for me to comment."
"And why is that?" Her look turned dark, and she sprung from the couch to resume her pacing.
Ice cubes, yellow snow…what?  With is brain only working on half power, it was becoming increasingly difficult for Logan to keep up with her lightning-fast mood swings. "Why is what, Phia?"
"Why haven't we ever had sex?  I've known you since I was little, and we've been roommates for the last four years.  You've had plenty of opportunity to try and put your playboy moves on me, but you never have."  She paused and her eyes grew glassy. "Be honest.  Am I really that unattractive?"
He couldn't stand the idea of seeing her cry over something as trivial as sex.  "God no, Phia."  He jumped to his feet and grabbed her by the shoulders.  "I've never made a move on you, because Mitch swore to me if I ever did anything to hurt you, he'd break every bone in my body.  Your brother is my best friend, and while I wouldn't be against taking a few hits for a beautiful girl, I didn't want to do anything that would screw up my friendship."
Her gaze locked on his, disbelief in her eyes. "You think I'm beautiful?"
"Of course, I think you're beautiful.”  Becoming increasingly frustrated with the conversation he raked a hand through his hair.  “Sweetheart, you have the sexiest curves I’ve ever seen on a woman.  I swear to you, if Mitch wasn't your brother, I would have hit on you a long time ago."  
A slow smiled tugged at her lips and eventually engulfed her face.  "I'd say you were lying to spare my feelings, but since you can't very easily fake an erection, I believe you."
Busted!  He glanced down only to see his shorts poking out in all the wrong places.  In his rush to calm her tears, he'd completely forgotten about his little problem.
She stepped into his arms, leaned up on her tiptoes and kissed him on the nose. "Thanks Logan.  I needed that."
“No problem.  What are friends fo…”  He drew in a sharp breath, when she turned away and brushed a gentle hand over the bulge in his shorts, sending sparks racing up his spine, abruptly ending his sentence.  Logan barley contained the urge to snag her arm and yank her back against him.  What he wouldn't do to feel her soft warm body against his?  Short of ruining his friendship with Mitch, there wasn't much. Still, for all he knew, it could have been a completely innocent move on her part.
She bent over to pick her bag up off the floor and Logan had to look away to keep from reaching out to touch that lush ass.  She straightened and walked to her bedroom where she stopped in the doorway and looked back at him. "You know. It would only be breaking my heart if I wanted more than you were willing to give.  Nobody said we had to have a happily ever after, but a hot night of tawdry sex wouldn't have been out of the question."  Without waiting for a response, she closed the door.
All of Logan's conscious thought dissolved into a pool of sizzling lust, leaving him staring at her now closed door, mouth agape with a woody the size of the Empire State Building.  Had her errant hand been an accident or a calculated move?   Either way, he could shoot himself for making that promise to Mitch.

Chapter 2
Logan stepped out of the shower, dried off, and wrapped the large fluffy towel around his waist.  His conversation with Sophie from several days ago still ran through his head.  It wasn't as if he hadn't heard it all before, after all, it wasn't the first time she'd been dumped.  Still, for reasons he couldn't quite identify, this time bothered him more than the others.  Maybe it was the sadness in her voice striking him so deeply or maybe it was something more carnal.  Knowing she was willing to be adventurous in the bedroom didn't help his libido any either.  From the time she'd come home from high school wearing that short little cheerleading outfit, Logan had developed a thing for Sophie.  As she made her way through puberty and began filling out in all the right places his desire for her only increased.  If it wasn't for his friendship with her brother Mitch, he would have long since made a move on her.
Now suffocating in the steamy environment of the bathroom, he flung open the door and walked toward his bedroom only to have female voices stop him in his tracks.  It wasn't unusual for Sophie to have friends over.  But it was what they were saying that had caught his attention.  He sidled up to the edge of the hallway where it met the kitchen wall.  
"I don't know, Kara.  Maybe I'm wanting too much."
Her friend laughed. "Honey, we all want too much, the big difference is you're not willing to settle."
"Maybe I should though.  Based on my most recent experiences, apparently, the type of men who are willing to tie a woman up and spank her are not the same kind of men who are going to settle down and make good husbands."
Logan's ears perked up along with other parts of his anatomy.  So, his sweet sexy Sophie was into bondage and spankings? Wasn't that a juicy bit of information?
"Who says they couldn't make good husbands?" Kara asked.  Logan's brow crease.  Yeah, who says he couldn't make a good husband?  The crease in his brow deepened when he realized what he'd just thought.
"All I'm saying is I think maybe I need to reevaluate my situation.  I’m a big girl looking for a man who will love me for who I am and who will give me the best sex of my life.  Obviously that type of man doesn’t exist, so maybe I should find myself a good one-night stand and then start looking for a husband."
He took a step toward the kitchen only to realize not only was he not supposed to be listening to their conversation, but he was naked save for his bath towel.
He scurried back to his room, dressed, and looking as relaxed as he possibly could, walked into the kitchen, directly into their conversation.
"Let's ask Logan," Kara said.
Yes! With one hand on the cabinet door, he paused and glanced over his shoulder at them.  "Ask Logan what?"
"Let's say you have a friend who is thinking about hiring a service for sex, what would be your gut instinct?"
He frowned and turned to face them.  "Why would anybody need a service?"
Sophie's gaze fell to the floor and her cheeks tinged with a hint of red.
He'd known they'd been talking about sex when he came out of the bathroom, but something about Sophie's confession made him want to gather her in his arms and never let go.  "Why, Phia?"
"Because just once I want to experience a night of no rules, everything goes sex before I settle down to get married.  Kara has graciously pointed out the dangers of having a one-night stand with some stranger.  So, a service would be my next logical choice."
The frustration in her voice made him frown.  "I can understand wanting to experiment, but why not in the safe confines of a real relationship?"
She lifted her hands in defeat. "At the rate I'm going that's never gonna happen.  Look, I'm willing to admit when I'm doing something wrong.  Expressing my sexual interest to men who I'm sizing up as potential husbands and fathers isn't working.  Apparently, the same men who could give me adventure in the bedroom are not the same ones who would want to marry me."
Who says?  “Why do you say that?”
“Because every time I mention anything beyond vanilla sex, my last few boyfriends have looked like they wanted to turn tail and run.  I've heard all kinds of excuses, about how they wouldn't want to hurt me, to it's against their religion, to they didn't have the money to buy the proper equipment, like restraints and such.”  She shrugged. “So, I’m hoping by experiencing some bondage and such, I’ll get it out of my system.  I've decided my best bet is to hire somebody to show me what it's like."
Logan shook his head, trying to keep his emotions from clouding his thoughts. "Let me get this straight. You're talking about being a submissive for a hired Master?"
She cocked her head to one side and cast an embarrassed glance in his direction.  "I guess."
Logan couldn't help the frown that claimed his features.  He let go of the door, closed the gap between them, and took her hands in his.  "I really don't think that's a good idea.”
Her chin rose in defiance. "Why not?  I've been reading up on them and at least if I hire a service I don't have to worry about disease.  All their employees go through regular screenings, are fully trained, and are paid to do what I want.  I don't see where there's a problem."
"The problem is they're strangers.  Do you really want your first sexual encounter of that type to be with some masked stranger who you can only trust because you think you're supposed to?"
Tears welled in her eyes for the second time in as many days and Logan's heart nearly broke into pieces.  More than anything, he hated seeing her cry.  "Then you tell me what I am supposed to do, Logan.  I have needs and it's not fair for me to have to ignore them simply because you think I should."
Logan was convinced that whatever took place between Sophie and her last boyfriend had convoluted her thinking.  It simply wasn't like her to cry over every little thing, the fact she was doing so now meant her confidence was standing on quicksand and sinking fast.
"I'll do it."  The words were out of his mouth before he realized he said them and almost immediately, he wanted to grab at the air and take them back.  It wasn't as if he was against taking Sophie to bed, just the opposite actually, but there would be ramifications for his actions and they were bound to be ugly.
"Oh my God," Kara said from behind them.
Logan stole a quick glance over his shoulder only find Kara wide eyed, her hand covering her mouth.  When he turned back, the stunned look on Sophie's face made him more than a little uncomfortable.  There was definitely shock filtering through her features, but there was something more.  It was that something more which made him uneasy.
"You want to sleep with me?" she finally asked.
How in the hell was he supposed to answer that?  Yes, he wanted more than anything to be buried deep between her luscious thighs, watching her face as he pushed her toward climax, but if he did, there was a good chance he'd ruin his friendship with Mitch.  "Yes," he finally managed to say, fearful anything more could further complicate an already delicate situation.
"Why now?"
This was it, sink or swim.  Logan knew he was committing himself to a situation which could very well blow up in his face.  Still, even the idea of some strange man touching Sophie, his Sophie, was too much.
He brushed a knuckle along her cheek, skimming ever so lightly over her creamy flesh.  Her azure eyes held both questions and hope as she stared up at him.  He let his gaze drift to her plump bottom lip, then back up to meet her stare.  As much as he didn't want to admit it, he’d long ago fallen.  Maybe that’s why he couldn’t ever keep a girlfriend. Whatever the reason, looking down into her eyes, he knew he couldn't deny it any longer. "I can't stand the idea of some stranger touching you like that.  I want to be the one you think of when you look back on the experience."
Her brow furrowed.  "What about Mitch?"
That was the question of the hour.  What about Mitch?  Would he understand why Logan was doing this?  "He doesn't have to know, but if he somehow does manage to find out, I'll deal with him."
She grabbed as his forearm. "I don't want you to ruin your friendship, Logan."
"And I don't want some strange man touching your body, so we're even.  Now what do you say?"
For several seconds she stared up at him saying nothing, until Kara's voice broke through the silence.  "Oh, for heaven's sake, Sophie.  You have a gorgeous man asking to take you to bed, what's to think about?  Say yes already or I will."
She swallowed audibly and nodded.   "Okay, when?"
Well hell!  He hadn't thought that far ahead.  "Do you have any plans this weekend?"
She shook her head.  "No.  I was supposed to go away for the weekend with Corey, but that isn't happening now, so I'm free from Friday on."
He smiled.  "Good, cause you and I are going to spend the weekend at the shore house."
Her eyes widened. "Reese's shore house?"
Logan was completely aware that while Sophie saw Reese as a competent vet and a good friend of his and Mitch, she also knew Reese's reputation and his shore house was nothing more than a den of sex and all thing taboo. He nodded.  "Unless you have some other place in mind?"
She shook her head.  "No, the shore house is fine."
* * *
Sophie sat on top of her comforter staring at the same page of edits she'd been looking at for the last thirty minutes.  As hard as she tried, she couldn't stop thinking about Logan's offer and the implications it carried.  Not that she actually expected anything more than the weekend of hedonistic lust he'd promised, but she could always hope.
She shook her head and refocused her efforts.  No, she couldn't hope. Placing her aspirations on anything more than a physical relationship with Logan would only lead her down the path to more heartbreak.  Still, she had to wonder how sleeping together would affect their friendship?  More important, how could she possibly face him completely naked?  What if he got one look at her and was disgusted?
Come on Sophie, you’ve never been one to question your sexiness.  Don’t let Cory do that to you now.  She swallowed hard as she considered that thought.  Somehow, even being a big girl, she’d always felt sexy, and most men had seemed to like that quality about her.  Now wasn’t the time to allow her self-esteem to take a nosedive.  Just because she was bigger than some women didn’t mean she didn’t deserve to find a sexy man to love.  
What happens when it’s over?  If they managed to accomplish her goal, would she still be able to look him in the eye, tell him all her secrets and expect an objective opinion in return?
A knock on the door had her raising her head. Donned in nothing but a pair of blue sweatpants, Logan leaned against the jamb.  "Hey."
Her heart jumped and lodged in her throat. "Hi," she managed to squeak.
"I want to talk to you.  Can I come in?"
She nodded and patted an empty spot on the comforter.  "Sure, what's up?"
What's up? Sophie grimaced at her poor choice of words and hoped Logan hadn't noticed.
Apparently, he hadn't and sank down onto the mattress to face her.  "I want to talk to you about this weekend."
Oh no, Sophie girl, prepare yourself. He's had second thoughts and is going to bail.  "Really?  What about it?"
"I wanted to apologize for putting you on the spot earlier when Kara was here.  It was wrong of me, and I'd understand if you wanted to back out."
Was he kidding?  She struggled to keep her eyes from reflecting her feelings.  As nervous as she was at the prospect of having sex with Logan, no way was she going to pass up an opportunity like this.  She'd only dreamed of landing in his bed since she was old enough to like boys and know what sex was about.  She shook her head.  "You didn't put me on the spot and even if you had, I could have said no."
"So, you didn't say yes simply because Kara wanted you to?"  The hope in his voice fed her still bruised ego, soothing it in only a way that he could.  She smiled.  "I said yes because I decided you were right.  If I'm going to do this, I want it to be with somebody I trust."
He blew out a relieved breath.  "That's good.  So, since you still want to do this, I think there is a few things we need to talk about."
Her stomach once again somersaulted.  What could there possibly be to talk about?  It was sex and nothing more, right?  "Okay."
"First, I think you need to tell me exactly what you're expecting from this weekend."
Gee, she hadn't given the idea much thought beyond setting it up.  What was she looking for?  "Well, the last few dorks I've dated have all been about getting their rocks off and leaving me completely unsatisfied.  So, I guess I want to experience sex where my pleasure is as important as yours."
Logan nodded.  "Gotcha.  If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's if you give your lady enough attention, she'll return it threefold."
She smiled. Logan surely talked a big game, but she wondered if when the time came, would he deliver?  "I also want to get a taste of BDSM.  Nothing too heavy, just maybe some light bondage and spanking.  I'm not sure I'd enjoy it, but I'd like to find out."
His gaze turned dark, and his Adams apple bobbed.  "Okay, I think I can accommodate your wishes."  His reply carried with it a hint of desire she hadn't heard before.  “Is there anything else?”
 Knowing what she was saying turned him on instead of off bolstered her courage. "And, I'd like very much to experience a ménage a'tois…with two men." She waited, expecting him to recoil at the idea.  Instead, he scooted closer to her and shoved the papers she was working on out of the way.  A shiver of anticipation shimmied up her spine as he took her hands in his and softly brushed his lips over the backs of her fingers.
When he lifted his gaze to hers, she couldn't help but notice the desire emanating from his eyes.  "I…I sort of figured that last request would turn you off."
He cocked his head to one side, sending her a confused look. "Why?"
"Because I know some men would be leery about being naked around another man.  You know, sometimes body parts touch and stuff…"  Embarrassed, she let the rest of her sentence trail off.
"Men who are not comfortable with their sexuality would protest at such a request.  Personally, I think it's hot."
Her eyes widened.  "Really?"
Still holding her hand, he guided it downward and rested her palm over his erection.  "Does this feel like I'm lying to you?"
Through the soft cotton of his sweats, she could make out the ridges and veins running along his hardening shaft.  She curled her fingers inwards wrapping around him like a glove.  A growl started low in his chest, reverberating through his body.  He snagged her by the waist with his free hand and dragged her to him.  His quick movement caught her by surprise, and she let go, moving her hand to push against his chest.
His lustful eyes stared down at her.  "You didn't have to stop."
She let a smile tip the ends of her lips.  "Yeah, I did.  As much as I'd love for you to strip me naked and take me right here, I think it would be better to wait."
He cast an appreciative gaze downward before once again meeting her eyes.  "The anticipation might just kill me you know."
"It's only two more days." She replied, knowing full well it was about to be the longest two days of her life.
"Drag out the anticipation, so when we finally do give in, it will be that much better."
She smiled.  "Exactly.  So, about my last request,"
He arched a curious brow.  "Yeah?"
"Do you think you can make it happen?"
"Don't you worry your pretty little head, honey.  I'd give you the moon if I could and it just so happens, I've always wanted to visit the moon myself."
Chapter 3
Logan unlocked and opened the beach house door, then stepped back and allowed Sophie to enter first.  Unlike so many of their other trips together, which were filled with mindless chatter and laughter, the thirty--minute drive from their condo to the shore had been filled with music from a local rock n' roll station and not much more.
"Thank you," she murmured, before crossing the threshold and dropping her bag on the living room floor so she could rub her palms against her skirt.  Never would he have expected her to be so nervous when the last two days had been a blur of sexual frustration and teasing.  Now, with the moment finally in front of her, he wondered if the weekend would surpass the build-up of getting here.
He'd already noticed the dynamic of their relationship changing with each rub, tease and grope that took place.  To her credit, she'd given as well as she received and despite his cool façade, Logan was about ready to explode with sexual frustration.  He could only hope she was too and that the tension he felt was desire smoldering through her system and not second thoughts.
He closed the door and turned to look at her.  "Nervous?"
She twined her fingers together in front of her and smiled.  "A little."
Her honesty could move mountains. It was just one of many endearing qualities about her that he loved.  Hoping to ease her nerves, he tossed his bag on the sofa, closed the distance between them, and lifted a hand to her cheek.  "Don't be.  I plan on making this the best weekend you've ever experienced."
"Yeah, but that means you're going to see me naked."  He noticed the quick grimace she made, obviously upset with herself over making such a silly statement.  He loved how whenever she was nervous, she'd get all tongue tied and jumpy.  She probably thought it made her look stupid, but for Logan, it only made her more approachable.
He smiled. "Generally, that's how it works, but if it makes you feel any better, you'll get to see me naked too."
She glanced up at him and sucked on her bottom lip.  He knew the move was completely innocent, but with his dick already threatening to break under the pressure, even her innocent gestures were damn sexy.  He couldn't help himself.  "Here, let me do that."
Before she could ask what he was referring to, Logan dipped his head and brushed the gentlest of kisses across her lips.  He pulled away and his smile grew when he saw the look of shock plastered across her face. "Did you actually think I wasn't going to partake in those luscious lips, especially after the way you've teased me?"
A small grin claimed her features. "No, I suppose not."
He pulled her against his chest and the heat flare between them. A mischievous twinkle in her eyes made him believe she'd finally relaxed.  He laced his fingers through her hair and tilted her head back, then trailed his tongue along the seam of her lips, beseeching her to open for him.
With one hand holding fast behind her head the other followed along her soft curves, bushing against the side of her breast before tweaking a nipple through her blouse.  She gasped, allowing him the entrance he sought.
She tasted sweet, like fresh peaches and he deepened the kiss, determined to show her every bit of the passion pent up inside.  Their tongues sparred, challenging him in a way that only he knew she would.  He'd always known Sophie wouldn't be like the other girls he took to bed.  Outgoing and driven, he pictured her being a wildcat between the sheets.  Now he was about to find out firsthand if his theory was right.
He reached for the hem of her shirt and pulled.  Without hesitating, she let go of his shoulders and raised her arms above her head, confirming the nerves holding her hostage mere minutes ago fled, leaving only desire in their wake.
 Gathering the fabric as he went, he skimmed his fingers over her bare flesh until the garment cleared her arms.  He tossed the shirt on a close by chair and stepped back to survey what was now exposed.  Her ivory skin seemed to glow under his gaze, making the pink lace bra she wore stand out even more against her flesh.  The lace snugged her breasts together, creating an oh-so seductive crevice in between.
He stepped into her embrace and she shivered beneath his touch.  "Are you cold or scared?"
She averted his gaze.  "Not so much scared as I am still a little nervous."
He smiled.  "Nothing to be nervous about, sweetheart, but if you'd feel more comfortable, we can take it up stairs to the bedroom."
She nodded and turned toward the staircase.  For a moment, Logan watched her ascend the steps, and the seductive sway of her hips beneath the short skirt she wore teased and tantalized him.  Not wanting to waste another minute, he took the steps two at a time and closed in behind her, guiding her down the hallway to what was his bedroom whenever he stayed there.  Ever since he'd walked into the kitchen three days ago and offered up this wild proposal, he couldn't wait to feel her legs wrapped around his waist.
Once inside his bedroom, Logan shut the door, spun her around pushed her back against the wood.   Surprised by his action, she opened her mouth to speak only to have his hungry mouth come down over hers.
Within seconds, she wrapped her arms around his neck, and surrendered to him.  Breaking the kiss, he pulled back and sucked in an uneven breath.  "This weekend was about exploring the taboo, right?"
She nodded.  
"Good.  We start now.  I'm in charge.  What I say goes.  Do you agree?"
She nodded again.
He smiled.  "Fantastic, now strip out of that skirt."
Not wasting any time, she shoved at the fabric and stepped out of it, leaving it piled on the floor.  Logan swore under his breath and dropped to his knees.  She had to choose a lace thong.  The tiny pink triangle did little to cover the evidence of a wax job that lay beneath.  He moved closer and could smell her arousal before he'd even touched her.  She wanted him and that fact shook him at his core. Slowly he stood, trailing soft kisses along her torso.  When he reached her breasts and the beautiful lace bra holding them in place, he couldn't unhook it fast enough.  He had to see, to taste everything she had to offer. The lace slacked and Sophie shrugged, allowing the barrier to fall away.  There, staring back at him was two perfectly round, wonderfully plump mounds with the darkest cherry centered he'd ever seen.  Perfectly proportioned from her shoulders to her knees, her breasts were full, weighted, and begged for attention.
Her pert nipples stood at attention, waiting for his touch.  He raised his hands to cup her where her bra had been, his eyes taking in every succulent inch of her.
"Now that you've seen them up close, do you still like them?"  Her voice was a bit low and husky sounding, telling him she was as aroused as he. 
He answered with a swipe of his tongue across first one taut peak then the other.  Her breath caught in her throat, and she grabbed his shoulders in response.
"You like that?" he whispered as he returned to the first mound and sucked.
"Yes," she whimpered and arched into him.
Still cupping her, he brushed his thumb over one nipple while he continued to ravage the other with his mouth.  He hadn't even reached the good part yet and already his body hummed with need, his cock springing to life on the promise of a satisfying completion.
Her hands traveled down his chest and tugged at his polo.  Despite his reluctance to let go, he did and shrugged out of his shirt.  Her eyes widened and she reached out for him, her nails grazing over the tanned flesh on his chest.
Desire raced through him, causing his dick to jerk against his zipper.  Thank God he'd decided to wear boxers and not go au' natural.  It would have been a bitch having the metal zipper rubbing against his dick.
With mouths tangled once again, he slowly guided her to the bed, careful to ensure she didn't trip along the way. "Onto the bed," he whispered, knowing if their passion continued to build there was no way he'd be able to hold on long.
One thing was for sure.  She was good at following commands.  Like a cat on the prowl, she crossed the mattress then turned to face him.  Sitting on her knees in the middle of the bed, she looked like and angel and a temptress all in one.  "Well, are you going to stand there staring or are you going to join me."
His brows rose.  "Ah ah.  I'm in charge, remember."  Even as he said the words, he began shucking the remainder of his clothing. Nothing in the world was more important right now than this moment, and the woman he loved.  Love?  That thought stopped him in his tracks and panic ripped through his chest.  No, he didn't love her.  It was simply a poor choice of words on his part.
Not wanting to think about it any longer and ruin the moment, he climbed onto the bed.  It sank under his weight.  Resting on his knees, he pulled her to him. Their torsos touched, skin-to-skin, while their fingers twined, and their mouths linked.  His cock, already hard as steel, rubbed against her soft belly and over the tiny scrap of lace still covering her mound. The scent of her, the lovely aroma of sunflowers mixed with her own arousing musk surrounded him, caressed his senses, and fed his hunger.
Logan slid a hand around her neck and pulled her mouth to his.  She tilted her head back and closed her eyes, as if in anticipation of the kiss to come.  He lowered his mouth to hers and softly nibbled on her bottom lip.  She parted them on a sigh, and he slipped a gentle tongue inside. With slow, rhythmic thrusts, he mimicked everything he wanted to do to her, deepening the kiss and consuming her mouth as if it was the last kiss he'd ever receive.
Several long seconds passed before he pulled back, breaking their contact.  Sophie blinked and her lips curled into a knowing smile.  "I never realized what a damn good kisser you are."
He mouthed the soft skin along her jaw, carving a path to her ear.  "Kissing isn't the only thing I'm good at," he whispered in her ear.  His hand slipped farther down, tweaking her nipple between the thumb and finger while he kissed his way back to her mouth.  He swallowed her moan, knowing he'd never get tired of hearing her make that sound.   Lower he trailed, his fingers on a mission to find the elusive sweet spot he knew she had.  Every woman had one spot which made them purr like a kitten or scream like a banshee.  Which would Sophie do?  He dipped between her legs, underneath the lace and came in contacted with smooth, wet skin.  "Love the hairless look," he said. "So damn sexy."  He punctuated the last word by shoving two fingers into her pussy.
"Oh God, Logan." She grabbed his shoulders, and he would have sworn she grew wetter, flooding his fingers as he pushed further inside.  Slowly, he withdrew, moved a knuckle through her swollen folds, covering her with her own lubricant.  She arched her hips, her lustful eyes locked on him.  He returned to her center only long enough to gather more of her sweet essence, before stroking again up over her clit.  With every moment, he watched her, gauging her reaction, and adjusting accordingly.
"Please!" Her words were breathless and needy as she spoke.
Hearing her beg stoked his fire that much more. "What, baby?  Tell me what you want me to do."
"I…I want you to fuck me. Now!"
Even if he was in charge no way was he going to let a request like that go unanswered, especially when his dick felt as if it was going to break in two if he didn't find some release.  With two fingers lodged deep in her pussy and his thumb stroking over her sensitive nub, he plundered her mouth.  Within seconds he felt her channel clamp down around his digits and she mewled as her orgasm overtook her.  Her fingers dug into his back as she throbbed around his own.  He held her steady, and when she began to come down, Logan slowly lowered her to the pillow and stripped away her last barrier.  
He smiled down at her. "My turn, baby."
With the look of mild satisfaction, she grinned and let her knees fall apart, opening herself to him.  The proof of her need glistened in the light and Logan nearly forgot to swallow.
He reached across her, opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out a condom.  The need to be inside her overwhelmed him and for the first time since he was a virgin, he fumbled opening the wrapper.  What in the hell was wrong with him?  Why wouldn't his fingers work? Finally, the stubborn foil gave way and he raced to sheath himself.  Then he nestled between her legs and in one long slow thrust; filled her.  A moan passed over his lips when her warm wet heat enveloped him.  He couldn't help himself, the feel of being gloved inside her tight, wet core was something he'd imagined for years and never thought would ever happen.  He dropped to his elbows, and she wrapped her legs around him, changing the angle and allowing him to slide even deeper inside her heated center.  This was heaven, pure sweet heaven.  For several seconds he didn't move at all, instead he simply enjoyed the feel of her silky heat surrounding him. When restless need began to grow, he moved his hips back and forth, staring a slow rhythm.
He dropped his head down and rasped his tongue over her erect nipple.  She groaned and reached down to grasp her breast.  Squeezing, she offered it up to him as if it were some sort of delicious dessert.  He eyed her gorgeous globe and wondered how such a sensual creature could end up getting shit on by all her boyfriends. What man wouldn't be thrilled with a woman who was so willing to voice her needs in bed?  Logan took as much of her into his mouth as he could, sucking and pulling.  His teeth grazing over her erect bud as he let her nipple pop loose.  She grabbed the other one, offering it up also and Logan couldn't help but smile.  As he dragged his tongue over the cherry center, it hit him -- being comfortable with her own sexuality was the exact reason why men were dumping her.  Despite being a bigger girl, she knew what she wanted and was willing to tell her man exactly that.  The saps she'd been dating must have all been insecure with their own masculinity and saw her as a threat.
Questions formed, swirling in his head, mixing with his innate desire, blending to create the perfect storm of need.  His balls ached for release and his dick throbbed. Even being buried deep inside her wasn't enough.  He couldn't remember the last time he needed to come this badly.
As his speed built, he rose up, gripped her hips, his fingers digging into her soft flesh and drove deep. The pressure low in his belly continued to build.
Beneath him, Sophie panted and quivered, her hips rising to meet his thrusts.  Her eyes remained locked with his, forming a familiar connection.  One he knew he'd never have with any other woman. Through her ragged breaths, she smiled and much to his surprise and delight, her hands covered her breasts, and she fondled herself, tugging and pulling on the swollen nipples that only moments ago he happily tortured.  The picture was damn erotic and pushed Logan right over the edge.
With one last long thrust, he buried himself deep inside her and held there, his hips rotating in small circles as liquid lightening rocketed down his spine and out the end of his cock, filling the barrier.  Each pulse provided him with an almost painful release.
Somewhere lost inside his own orgasm, he heard her cry out and her slick walls surrounding him contracted, the action furthering his own pleasure. His vision tunneled and nearly went black as his body released every bit of pent-up energy he'd been carrying.
"Oh, fuck!" he groaned when the last echoes of his climax finally began to subside.  His body went limp, and he collapsed on top of her, his head coming to rest in the crook of her neck.  Unable to do much more than move his lips, he slowly mouthed the sensitive flesh beneath her jaw.
"That was so…" She dragged a hand through her hair, apparently still too out of it to form an actual sentence.
“What?” Logan asked, wondering if he could ever again have sex with another woman and not see Sophie's face.
“Incredible,” she finally uttered.
Yeah, didn't he know it?  With no formal dominance training, save for what he'd seen on the odd DVD, Logan was making it up as he went.  Hearing she was happy with things so far boosted his confidence that he was doing something right.
The sound of the front door opening pulled Sophie up from the pillow.  Wild eyed, she looked at him.  "Somebody's here."

Chapter 4
Before Logan could answer, a voice carried through the house.  "Hello, anybody here?"
Logan smiled at Sophia and called back.  "Upstairs, Reese."
"Reese?  Why is…" her voice trailed off as she realized his intent.  "You talked to Reese about this?"
"I told you I'd take care of everything."
When her look didn't ease, he blew out a long breath and shifted allowing his softening erection to slip from her.   "Look, you said you wanted a ménage with two men.  Reese is a good friend of yours and mine.  He and I have partaken in a few situations together over the years, so I know he'll treat you well.  Besides, when I explained what it was you wanted to do, he jumped all over the idea and threatened to kick my ass if I let you run off with some strange men."
Before she could think up a reply, Reese appeared in the doorway.  Studying them for a moment, he arched a brow.  "Starting without me, Logan?"
"I thought it might be easier for Sophie if she didn't have to start by taking both of us on at once."
Sophie's gaze tore from Logan to Reese and back.  "I…you…"  Her brain was on sensory overload and any hope she had at a coherent sentence fled the moment she'd heard the door open.
Reese strolled into the room in a way that made Sophie think he wasn't the least bit nervous over what was about to happen.  "So, Phia, Logan tells me you're looking for a weekend of naughty pleasures."
With a lump the size of Rhode Island in her throat, she managed to nod her reply.  When she'd come up with the fantasy of being with two men, it hadn't seemed the least bit scary.  Maybe deep down she’d never thought it would happen.  At the very least, in her imagination it had been with strangers she'd never have to see again, unlike the scenario she currently faced.  Still, somewhere in the pit of her stomach a flutter of anticipation slowly began to grow.  What would it feel like to be with two men she knew and cared about?
"So, what is it you want from us?"
"Um…" The brave façade she'd shown just moments ago melted away and her gaze dropped to the covers.  What if he thought she was a freak for having those types of thoughts?
He curled a finger beneath her chin and forced her gaze upward.  "I'm here to fulfill your fantasies, but you have to tell me and Logan what they are first."
"But what if you think I'm some sort of sick pervert?"
Reese's brow creased and he lowered himself to the bed.  "Do any of your fantasies involve animals?"
She jerked her head up at met his gaze head on.  "No!  That's sick."
"What about children?"
She shook her head.  "Ewwe…no way."
"How about golden showers or feces?"
Her nose wrinkled.  "God, Reese that's gross.  Stop already before I vomit."
He smiled.  "Based on your replies, I'd have to say you're well within your mental boundaries, so why don't you tell us what's going on in that pretty head of yours."
She looked to Logan for guidance only to see him nod his affirmation.  "Go ahead, Phia.  Tell us how we can pleasure you."
Summoning all her courage, she looked up at the two men who were not only her brother's friends, but people she cared deeply for.  "I want somebody else to be in charge for once and not leave it up to me to make all the calls.  I want to experience what it would be like to be a submissive, complete with restraints and spankings.  I want to know what it would feel like to have two men love me at the same time."
Reese arched a brow before he exchanged looks with Logan.  "Honey, you do realize if Mitch ever found out about this, we'd all be in a world of shit?"
Sophia nodded.  "I know.  I don't want you two risking your friendships with him for me.  If you want to back out, I'd understand.  From the very beginning, I thought it might be better if this was done anonymously.  That way nobody would have to know but me."
Something flickered in Reese's eyes right before his look turned dark.  "I don't care what Mitch say's.  There's no way I'm going to let you be a submissive to a couple of strangers."
He stood up and stripped out of his polo, letting it fall to the ground.  Then he unbuttoned his pants, shoved at his boxers and stepped up to the edge of the bed.  She eyed his wondrous piece of flesh and licked her lips.  She'd always been curious to know what Reese's cock looked like.  Now she was getting to see it up close and personal.
"Suck him, Phia."  Logan ordered from somewhere behind her.  His voice was loud and authoritative and sent a rush of pleasure racing through her body.  Despite the two orgasms Logan just provided, her pussy clenched at the promise of what lay ahead.  At least for this weekend, she'd finally experience what she'd been missing.
She shifted onto her knees. With Reese's semi-hard shaft staring her directly in the face, she wrapped her fingers around it and pulled upward, giving him a good stroke.  He sucked in a quick breath and settled his gaze over her.  "More," he commanded.
She leaned forward and swiped a tentative tongue over the tip--lapping at the crown like a child licking a lollipop.
"Damn, Sophie, that's so sexy."
Logan's voice carried up over her back and she paused only long enough to glance over her shoulder at him and smile before returning to her task.  Reese's shaft elongated and expanded against her tongue, growing harder by the second.  Before long, the salty taste of pre come danced over her taste buds.  She paused to survey the weeping tip of his cock, before darting her tongue out to swipe away teardrop of fluid emerging from its tip.  
Reese growled and fisted his hands through her hair.  "You're just a little too good at that, my dear."
She smiled, then opening her mouth wide and took as much of Reese's shaft in her mouth as she could.  He groaned, his body shuddered and jerked in response.  "Yeah, Phia, take me all," he ground out as his fingers tightened their grip on her hair.
Breathing through her nose, Sophia wrapped her lips around the base of his shaft and slowly pulled up, sucking as she went.  This was exactly what she was looking for when she said she wanted somebody else to dominate.
A warm wet heat enveloped her and without breaking contact with Reese, she flicked her gaze downward to find Logan between her legs, lapping at her pussy as if it were to be his last drink.  Her belly tightened and twisted with each stroke of his agile tongue through her slick folds.  She shuddered, a whimper escaping from her.
Reese jerked on her hair, bringing her attention back up to him, only to have it diverted back to Logan when he barked out an order.  "Forget what I'm doing to you and continue with your task.  You are not to let go of his cock until you have sucked down every bit of his come and licked him clean.  Do you understand?"
His authoritative words sent giddy excitement shimmying down her spine.  Never had she imagined being ordered would be so thrilling.  She nodded, all the while trying to hold off the impending orgasm building from below.
"Use your other hand to play with his balls," he instructed.  Closing her eyes, Sophie reached up and wrapped her fingers around Reese's wrinkled sack, slowing pulling down on it as she once again took him, root and all, into her mouth.  All the while, Logan continued to alternate between suck and licking until Sophie was nothing more than a quivering mass of nerves in need of a release.
She panted and moaned around Reese's flesh, but never let go.  He was close to coming, she could sense it, feel his dick pulsing against her tongue.  She knew that feeling as she too was about ready to explode.
Leveraging his hand against her head, Reese held her in place and thrust home, fucking her mouth with a speed she didn't think possible.  She opened her mouth as far as she could manage and allowed him the access he craved.  He shoved home and held there, crying out as he spurted against the back of Sophia's throat.  She swallowed and sucked while he jerked and shuddered against her tongue.
Only then did the spring in her belly snap and she screamed around this shaft, coming against Logan's tongue.  He growled into her pussy, adding to the vibrations already ripping through her body.  Reese's hand remained tight against her scalp.  Eager to suck him clean on the waves of her own climax she vacuumed her mouth tight around his shaft and swallowed, taking down the last of his seed.
Reese's grip eased and he pulled his now flaccid dick from her.  "Oh my God, Phia.  No man in his right mind should ever cheat on you."
"You got that right," Logan chimed in from below.
She turned to look down at him and discovered Logan with one hand wrapped around his own shaft, still slowly stroking up and down.  The evidence of his release now lay splattered all over his chest.  Had she really been able to have that effect on him?
"Well, that was a good start," Reese said, brushing a soft hand through her hair, but it's going to be a long weekend for you, Phia dear.  I hope you've rested up."
She grinned.  All evidence of her earlier nerves had scattered on her orgasm.  "I say bring it on, but before we go for round three can we get something to eat?"
Logan scooted out from under her.  "Yeah, I'm a little hungry myself.  Why don't we grab some lunch then see what kind of mischief we can get ourselves into this afternoon?"
Sophie smiled.  "I'm all for that."
Reese backed away from the bed and pulled Sophie to her feet.
"Don't bother getting dressed,” Logan ordered
Her eyes widened and she glanced between the two men. "We're going to eat naked?  What about the neighbors?"
"The blinds are closed, but if you're up for an audience we can open them."
"I think I'll pass.  I might be adventurous, but I'm not an exhibitionist."
Logan laughed and swatted at her ass.  "Just let me clean up a bit and I'll meet you two downstairs."
* * *
Ten minutes later, Logan lumbered down the steps and into the kitchen where Sophie and Reese had already laid a spread of food over the island.  It was weird to see his good friend and his girl walking around naked with what appeared to be no reservations.  His girl?  He shook his head, hoping to dislodge the emotional cobwebs mucking it up.  She wasn't his girl, and he wasn't in love with her.  This was simply a weekend about fulfilling her needs.  Yeah right, and if he allowed himself to believe that NASA would be flying pigs to Mars soon.
Sophie backed out of the space in front of the open refrigerator and placed three bottles of iced tea on the island.  She smiled when she caught sight of him.  "Reese went food shopping yesterday, so the fridge is stocked.  I hope you don't mind lunchmeat sandwiches."
"Love 'em." He returned her smile, then closed the distance between them.  "Now that I'm thinking about it," he said, stroking a hand over her bare ass.  "Maybe eating in the nude wasn't such a good idea?"
She giggled.  "And why not?"
"Because with your gorgeous ass sitting across from me, I might forget to chew and choke on my food."
A flush of red tinged her cheeks and she stared down at her plate, a wide smile still claiming her features.  She turned and walked to the table, leaving him standing at the counter alone, lost in his thoughts once again.  It still amazed him how she could be so adamant about her desires in the bedroom yet be so shy and unassuming at the same time.  
After adding some roast beef and cheese to his slice of bread, he topped it with mayo, grabbed a bottle of tea and joined Sophie and Reese at the table.  He eased into his seat allowing his balls time to adjust to the cold wood.  Sophie and Reese were already deep in conversation.
"While I for one have no desire to be tied to one woman, I also loath the idea of cheating.  I've always had the courtesy to break up with one before starting to date another.  What's happened to you is a sin, Sophie.  Those men have no idea what they've let get away."
Her cheeks continued to flush a bright pink, and she stared down at her sandwich.  "It's good of you to say, but if I keep getting dumped, then it must say something about me."
"Maybe," Reese replied before taking a drink of his tea.  "But if you ask me, it's not you as a person, but your choice in men that's getting you in trouble."
Her gaze rocketed up to meet his.  "So, you're saying my taste in men sucks?"
He laughed.  "Well sort of."
Logan had listened long enough and the questions swirling in his head earlier now demanded asking.  "Honey, can I ask you why you chose to start dating Corey?"
Her attention shifted from Reese to Logan.  "I don't know.  He was handsome, had a good job; smart and responsible." She let her attention fall back away.  “Mostly because he seemed interested in me despite my extra pounds.”
"All the traits you'd want in a husband and father for your children," Logan added.
Obviously confused, she knit her brow.  "So?"
"So, what happened to sharing the same interests, morals and views on life?  Where does the actual falling in love part fit into your plans?"
She shrugged.  "I assumed I could learn to love somebody."
Logan wanted nothing more than to reach across the table and shake some sense into her.  How could she so easily shortchange herself like that?  "Are you trying to tell me that finding a father for children you haven't had yet is more important than falling in love?"
"No," she immediately shot back, then hedged.  "Well, not exactly."  The look in her eyes turned sad and she set her sandwich on her plate.  "Look.  I'm twenty-six years old, and in case you haven’t noticed, I’m a rather big girl.”
“Yes, I’ve noticed,” he shot back and if she intended on going where he thought she was heading with this, he was going to beat her ass.  “What does that have to do with anything?”
 If I started dating somebody tomorrow, it’s going to take some time to find someone who likes larger women.  Then if he sticks around, I'm probably looking at two years of dating before he would propose, then a year of preparing and planning the wedding.  That's three years.  By then I'll be twenty-nine when I have my first child, that's if I get pregnant right away and don't have fertility issues."  She sighed.  "All my life I've wanted to have kids.  It's bad enough I'm looking at three more years minimum, but I really don't want to be thirty-five or forty years old when I have my first baby."
The anguish in her voice pulled at Logan's heart.  She'd make a great mother, of that fact he was sure, but he still couldn't understand why she was selling herself short."
Before he could ask that question, Reese interjected.  "So how does having a family get you to this weekend?  I'm sorry, hon, but I don't see the connection."
"The kind of men who would make good fathers wouldn't want to have the kind of sex I'm looking for.  So, I wanted to treat myself to this, so I could at least say I experienced it before I settled down to a life of what will probably be mediocre sex at best."
Reese frowned.  "I think you're selling yourself and the men you're dating a bit short.  Who says you couldn't find both in the same man?"
"That's exactly what Kara said too."
"That's because they're both right," Logan said, the tone in his voice sounding a little harsher than he liked.  It certainly wasn't Sophie's fault that she'd been shit on by men but casting such a harsh generalization about his gender as a whole pissed him off.  He loved sex and the raunchier the better, but he knew if he ever did have kids, he would be the best dad he possible.
She looked up at him.  "I didn't mean to offend you."
Obviously, she'd caught the anger in his tone and now he regretted it.  He hadn't intended to upset her.  After all, this weekend was supposed to be about having fun.  He stood up, walked around the table and crouched before her.  "I know you didn't mean to, Phia, and I could never be angry with you, but generalizing all men is unfair."
She lifted a hand and touched his cheek.  "I'm sorry, Logan.  I didn't mean to lump you or Reese in with the rest of the men I was referring to.  It's just, I know neither of you want to get married, but you both enjoy sex a lot, which in a way serves to confirm my statement."
That's where she was wrong.  He wanted nothing more than to get married, and have a house full of children, but with his condition, it wouldn't be fair to ask any woman to suffer through a future with him.  Logan stared up at her, a million words running through his head, and none of them forming anything close to a reply.
"Okay," Reese pushed away from the table and stood.  "Before we totally kill the mood with all this serious conversation, how about some dessert?"
"Are we okay?" she whispered, looking at Logan.
Not wanting to ruin the situation and cause her more guilt, he forced a smile and nodded.  "Sure."  Then he glanced over his shoulder and called to Reese.  "What's for dessert?"
Chapter 5

"Strawberries and either cream or chocolate sauce."  Reese lifted the bowl of red berries out of the refrigerator and walked it over to the table.  Sophie eyed the fruit then glanced over at Reese.  "Okay, I'll bite.  Where's the cream?"
"You'll see," Reese replied lifting the bowl from the table.  He turned and set it on the island counter about the same time Logan's hands wrapped around her waist.  "Up you go, sweetheart."
"What?"
He pulled her to him.  The delicious feel of his skin against hers sent skitters of desire shimming down her spine.  Her nipples rubbed against the hard wall of his chest and pebbled in response.  How could she possibly want him again so soon after their last encounter?  Was it simply the fact she knew once the weekend was over, she’d never have this opportunity with him again? She looked up at him and watched, unmoving while he lowered his head toward her.  Passion filled his gaze and washed over her, pooling in a warm mass low in her belly.
His mouth hovered mere millimeters over her own, “I’m not like other men, Phia.”  His words were barely a whisper.  There wasn’t anger in his tone, but the statement was unmistakable.  Before she could answer, he pulled away and lifted her onto the small round kitchen table, leaving her speechless.  What exactly had he meant by that?
He turned, reached into the bowl and pulled out the largest, reddest berry he could find.  Next, he moved to microwave and removed a small bowl from inside, then lowered the berry into it.  The fruit emerged; chocolate dripped from its tip.  With one hand cupped beneath it, he turned and held the berry over her lips.
She smiled, then opened allowing the decadent flavor to drizzle over her tongue.  Logan lowered the berry, keeping it just out of biting range.  Sophie licked at the bottom of the berry, lapping the chocolate from it like a cat drinking milk.  His eyes grew dark, and he sucked in a quick breath.
Exhilarated by his response, she arched her neck and slowly wrapped her lips around the tip of the berry. He lowered the fruit into her mouth, allowing her to take a bite. She bit through the ripe berry, the sweetness of it danced across her taste buds while the juice dribbled down her chin.
He leaned forward and lapped the liquid from her chin and around the edges of her mouth, then slowly eased her back to the table so her head hung slightly off the edge.
She closed her eyes and revealed in sensations being induced by the man she loved.  A small lump formed in her throat, and she worked to push it away.  How could she possibly tell Logan she loved him without complicating an already difficult situation?
A sticky heat pooled around her belly button and trailed northward over each of her breasts.  It was immediately followed by Logan’s warm tongue licking up every last delectable drop of the chocolaty confection.  He latched on to one breast and began to suck.
Lost in Logan's teasing, she hadn't noticed Reese moved to the other end of the table and squealed when something very cold brushed through her folds.
  She opened her eyes and jerked her gaze in his direction just in time for him to hold a berry up high enough for her to see it before taking a large bite. "Mmmm…strawberries and cream."
Never in all her years had she ever imagined using fruit in foreplay, but damn if she didn’t find it one of the most erotic things she’d ever done.  "I can't believe you just did that,” she managed to reply.
He arched brow.  "No?  Well maybe you'll believe it this time."  When he did it again, dragging the fruit through her folds and resting it at the mouth of her channel, she nearly came on the spot.  There was something downright naughty about combining food and sex.  One thing was for sure, she'd never look at strawberries the same way again.
Logan released the nipple he’d been torturing, reached behind him and grabbed the bowl of chocolate off the counter, setting it next to Sophie's head.  Taking the spoon, he let most of it pour off before dripping over his cock.  The dark liquid landed on his skin then dribbled in different directions, slowly coating his shaft in a chocolate sheen.  Her mouth watered and she scooted back, allowing her head to once again hang off the rounded edge.
Logan widened his stance and guided his hardened shaft directly between Sophie's parted lips.  The taste of chocolate and man mixed, creating a heady combination of flavors that danced across her taste buds.  Within seconds, the warm liquid trickled between her legs and seeped through her folds.  As much as she wanted to look up and see what Reese was doing to her, she couldn't bring herself to let go of Logan.  
Reese's tongue stroked through her folds, parting her lips as it chased the stream of chocolate.  She arched her hips, providing him with easier access.  In return, he speared her heated center, lapping up her juices along with every bit of sweet confection.
She gasped around Logan's shaft and whimpered, desperate to move her hips and guide Reese's marauding tongue where she wanted it most.
He laughed, and instead moved away.  "Not yet, baby.  I want you coming on my cock this time."
From somewhere she heard the tearing of foil and for a split second wondered where the condom had come from, then remembered the packets she'd seen stuffed in the front of the cutlery drawer.  She'd meant to ask Reese why he had condoms stashed away in his kitchen.  He drove deep inside her, his cock filling her to bursting, and she suddenly understood why.  Filled at both ends, she couldn’t help but wonder how life could get any better than this.  Reese groaned and his movements sped up.  Her orgasm built, climbing to impossible lengths.  Just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, Reese brought his hand down and rubbed her clit with his thumb.
Stars flashed behind her closed lids and she toppled off the precipice, taking both men with her.  Logan let out a yowl right before creamy ropes of fluid drenched her tonsils.  She swallowed and continued to suck him clean. Just as she released Logan's now flaccid shaft with a wet squelch, Reese drove deep into her holding there groaning out his own release.  He dropped his hands to the table and hovered above her. "Wow,” he gasped. “This weekend keeps getting better and better." He slowly disengaging himself and disposed the condom.
"I'll say," Sophie combed a hand through her hair as Logan helped her sit up.  "At this rate, I'll have to call out sick on Monday just so I can recover."
Reese opened his mouth to speak, but before he'd uttered a word, his cell phone rang.  "Hold that thought," he said before stalking away to answer it.
"You okay?" Logan asked, helping her from the table.
She nodded but stumbled a little on unsteady legs and was thankful he held a steady hand around her waist.  "Better than okay, but I'll never be able to look at fruit or chocolate the same way again."
"I take it you've never played around with food?"
"No, I can't say that I have.  The closest I've ever gotten was some flavored body paints that tasted bad and ended up staining my skin.  For nearly two weeks I went to work every day with this red streak across my chest.  Imagine trying to explain why you're wearing turtle neck type shirts in the middle of summer."
Logan laughed.  "I bet that was fun."
She grinned.  "Yeah, fun.  After that I swore off anything with artificial flavoring or coloring."
"Fruit isn't artificial."
"No, it's not."
Reese returned to the kitchen fully clothed, a dejected look plastered across his face.  "I'm sorry guys, but that was work.  The vet on call has a family emergency, so I need to go in to cover for him."
"Can’t somebody else cover it?" Sophie asked.
Reese shook his head.  "The practice is only me and Marty, my partner and we have appointments until five on Saturdays.  I'm sorry, hon.  I promise I'll try not to be too late."
She smiled.  "No, you take all the time you need.  It's your business and you need to be there right now."
He turned away from her, patted Logan on the shoulder and headed out of the kitchen.  Several seconds later, the front door closed with a click.
Sophie looked over at Logan.  "So now what?"
Logan smiled.  "Want to go play in the ocean?"
A grin crawled across her face.  "Sure."  She glanced down.  "But I have no interest in being arrested for indecent exposure."
Logan laughed.  "Yeah, me either.  How about we go find some bathing suits first?"
* * *

Sophie lay on her stomach, her head resting on the back of her hands, absorbing the late afternoon rays.  Warmth infiltrated her body, relaxing her muscles and allowing her mind to wander.
Never, when she came up with this hair brained idea had she thought in a million years would she be here with Logan.  She had to admit she was glad he’d talked her into saying yes.  After looking back on her original idea, going down on some stranger would have been infinitely harder than she first thought.
With Logan, her desire to not only be with him, but do everything he asked of her was almost second nature.  The fact he’d carefully chosen Reese to complete her fantasy made her smile.  He’d made a point to find someone he knew she’d be comfortable with and trust.  Not to mention, because he and Reese shared women before, they worked well together.
That last thought stuck in her brain, and she felt her brow knit.  How many women had Logan and Reese shared over the years?  It was probably better if she didn’t know the answer to that question.  Still, she couldn’t shake the sudden feeling she’d inadvertently allowed herself to become another notch on their invisible bedposts.
But then, she’d been the one who wanted this fantasy, and she could have said no if she hadn’t wanted to go through with it.   If the men were simply getting their yaya’s with her, then who was she to complain?  It wasn’t as if she was looking for a real relationship with either one of them.  Was she?
Sophie flipped onto her back and sat up to adjust her ponytail and sunglasses.  She knew going in this was one weekend of hedonistic fantasies, and to fall for either of them would only lead to more heartbreak.  From behind her lenses, she spotted Logan swimming back toward shore.  While she could barely tread water and preferred the safety of the beach, Logan had always been an avid swimmer.
Now on his feet, he splashed through the knee-deep water, moving toward the shore.  Water dripped from his dark hair, trickled over his shoulders and down the well-defined grooves of his chest and abdomen.
Sophie resisted the urge to lick her lips at the sight of him all slick and glistening in the sun.  Whether he believed it or not, he’d be any woman’s dream husband, certainly hers anyway.
She frowned at her own thoughts and watched a blonde and brunette, both scantily clad, walking along the edge of the surf.  “Hi, Logan,” the blonde called.  She lifted her arm to wave and nearly fell out of the tiny triangles barely covering her breasts.  Sophie glanced down at her once piece and skirt she’d worn.  While most days she managed to feel relatively comfortable in her body, it was times like this her insecurities tended to resurface.  How in the hell could she possibly compete with women who looked like that?
The brunette practically tripped over her own feet trying to reach Logan before he escaped the water.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. Logan laughed and returned her hug before stepping out of the surf.  Sophie gritted her teeth and fought against the urge to stomp down to the shoreline and shove the woman’s face into the water.  As much as she’d like for Logan to be her man, he didn’t belong to her and she had no right to be jealous.
After several minutes of chitchat, all of which was too far away for Sophie to hear, the women continued down the beach, waving to Logan as they went.  Still smiling, he headed for Sophie and plopped down on the edge of the blanket.
“Conquests of yours?” she asked, knowing she sounded snotty.
He glanced up the beach to where the women walked, still periodically looking over their shoulders at him. “You mean Joyce and Leslie?  They live a couple of blocks over.”  He turned his attention back to Sophie and narrowed his eyes.  “And neither are conquests as you put it.”
“So, they’re lesbians?”
Logan’s gaze remained fixed on her for several long seconds before his lips tilted up at the corners.
“What’s so funny?”
“You’re jealous,” he replied, his amusement now reaching his eyes.
“Jealous?” She waved a dismissive hand at him. “I don’t think so.  I was simply curious.”
He arched a brow. “Curious about what?”
Heat flooded her cheeks and she wondered if he could see her blush.  Despite her embarrassment, she knew she’d backed herself into a corner, so why not ask?  “How many women have you and Reese shared?”
Logan’s features turned dark.  “Sophie.”
She shook her head.  “Just tell me, Logan.  I’m a big girl.  I can handle it.”
His gaze fell to the blanket between them, and he drew in a long, deep breath.  The fact he was stalling made Sophie even more nervous about her question.
“There’ve only been a couple of women, but those women enjoy threesomes, asked for them specifically.  Reese is a bit of a dog and will try anything once.”
Sophie laughed.  “Mitch says the same thing about you.”
Logan’s attention remained fixed on the beach towel, but a small smile crept across his face.  “Maybe I am, but he’s one to talk.’
Her eyes widened.  “My brother?”
Logan nodded.  “My first time participating in a multiple was with him and Candice Jankowski in high school.”
She gaped at him.  “Oh my God.  No way.”
He lifted his hand to his heart.  “I swear.  It was after the championship basketball game.  We’d all went to a party at Wes Michael’s house.  Candy was thoroughly sloshed and begged Mitch to ask me to join them.”
Her eyes were still wide with wonder and a smile slowly engulfed her face.  “And you did?”
Logan shrugged.  “It was right after Suzie Norman dumped me for that college guy.  I was young, broken hearted, and looking into the face of every teenage guy’s wet dream.  Hell, yeah I joined them. Of course, afterward, I bragged to Reese about it and the first time one of his girlfriends mentioned a ménage, he called me.”
He paused and his look turned serious.  “I want you to know it’s not something we make a habit of and the last time was well over a year ago.  I’d be perfectly happy just one on one.”
Why did she have a strange feeling his statement carried more significance than she wanted to admit?  She nodded and carefully backed her way out of the conversation.  This weekend wasn’t for garnering a serious relationship and she certainly wasn’t prepared for that discussion.  “Thank you for being honest with me.”
“You deserve nothing less, but will you answer me a question?”
“Sure.”
“Why was it so important for you to know?”
She shrugged and began picking at the edge of the beach towel.  “I don’t know.”  She raised a hand.  “I know.  It’s stupid since I wanted this weekend, but I suppose I wanted to think that I was different than all the others.  You know…special.”
He rose to his knees and crawled over her, placing a leg on each side of her thighs. “You are special, Sophie and don’t you ever forget it.”
He slipped a hand behind her ear and leaned forward.  “Just so you know,” he whispered against her ear. “Right now, my sights are only set on one woman and I’m beginning to want her all to myself.”
She wanted to say something, anything, but when she opened her mouth to speak, he covered it with his own.  Barely managing a whimper, she sank into his kiss, allowing him the entrance he sought.  He thought she was special and at least for this weekend, that would be enough.
Seconds ticked by while she revealed in his kisses and before long the sound of the waves began to fade, replaced by their own ragged breaths.  Her hands slid up his chest and over his shoulder, clinging to him.  About to lean back and take him with her, Sophie groaned in protest when he pulled away.
Logan rested his forehead against her.  “I don’t know what it is you do to me, honey, but I think it would be best if we went back to the house before I strip you naked right here in front of everyone.”
As much as she didn’t want to move, Sophie wasn’t much into exhibitionism.  She nodded and began scooping up her shades and sunscreen to dump into her beach bag.  Logan shook the sand from the towel and wrapped it around the obvious erection now pushing against his wet swim trunks.  “Let’s go.”
* * *
Logan lounged on the patio chair and stared up at the star filled night.  Exhaustion coursed through his veins, making it difficult for him to find the energy to move.  The dinner they shared at the Italian bistro around the corner from the beach house would help, but it would be a little while before he felt the full effects of the food in his system.
Sophie sashayed onto the patio, a smile on her face and a glass of merlot in her hand. Her grin was contagious and before he knew it, he found himself patted the chair in invitation.  She sauntered over to where he sat and Logan spread his legs, making room for her on the chaise.
"It's a beautiful night," she whispered, easing down onto the chair between his thighs.
"That it is."
"I can understand why Reese likes it here."
So could he.  The beach house wasn't just a place for him and Reese to live out their sexual fantasies, but a place for them to get away from the daily grind.  Even on occasion Mitch had wandered down to the shore for a long weekend of male bonding. "Yeah, even with all the summer traffic and extra people, it's still very peaceful here at night."
"I'd love to own a beach house someday."
He arched a brow.  "Really?  I didn't know you had any desire to live at the beach."
  "Yeah, I didn't either until now.  That's one of the great things about this weekend.  I'm living through a host of new experiences.”
Her enthusiasm spurred the child he still harbored inside.  "I never thought of a weekend at the shore as being a new experience."
"Oh, but it is.  Every day is a new adventure, Logan and sometimes when I'm down, I can't wait to see what the next day will bring, if for no other reason that for hope that it will be better."
She settled back against him, and Logan quickly adjusted himself to keep certain parts of his anatomy from intruding on the moment.  "That's one of the things I love about you, Phia.  Just by being around you, I can see life from an entirely different perspective and sometimes that's really refreshing."
"I can understand how it would be easy to fall into a rut," she replied.  "When mom and dad were killed the future looked ominous and dark.  It took some time, but I realized they wouldn't want me to be worrying about the things I can't control.  That they'd be cheering me on saying 'Sophie, you can do anything you want in life and don't let anybody tell you otherwise.'  So, I try to live by their words every single day.  I know my future might not be perfect, but half the fun of finding out what it holds is getting there.
Logan traced a path along her arm with his index finger.  "I wish I could have just a quarter of your enthusiasm.  With my diabetes and such, I'm facing an uncertain future at best."
She wrinkled her brow.  "All of our futures are uncertain.  That's part of what makes life so exciting."
"Yeah, but not everybody has Type one diabetes and steel rods in their back.  I'm twenty-nine years old and because of my medical issues there are some days when I feel as though I'm eighty."
She turned and rested on her hip so she could face him.  "We all have days like that, Logan.  Yours are just amplified because of your problems."
He shook his head.  "It's not just the day-to-day aches and pains.  Because of my condition, I'm facing a future that could include losing my sight, losing fingers or entire limbs, kidney failure and increasingly limited mobility because of spinal degeneration.  That's not much to offer a prospective wife."
"So, your entire reason for not getting married has to do with things that haven't happened yet?"
His brow knit.  "Well yeah.  How fair would it be of me to saddle my wife with my conditions?  Besides, most women want children, and I could never be a father."
She frowned.  "I've seen you with your niece and nephew.  You'd be a great father."
He snorted at her words.  "Yeah, some dad I'd make. Because of my back problems, I wouldn't be able to give my own kids horsy back rides, wrestle with them or even go with them on amusement park rides.  Then there's the whole passing on my diabetes thing to worry about."  He shook his head.  "I couldn't in good conscious have a kid, knowing there would be a chance I could pass on my condition."
"Is that what you would have wanted your parents to do?"
He frowned.  "Neither of my parents were diabetic when I was born.  My dad didn't find out about his condition until I was four years old."
"Yes, but pretend for a moment that he had it before you were born.  Would you have wanted them to abort you simply because there was a chance you could get the disease?"
"No, I suppose not."
"And did your father let his condition slow him down?"
He shook his head.  "If dad was able, he was involved in everything we did."
Her brow smoothed over and she cocked her head to one side.
Logan nodded.  "Okay, I get your point, though I still think it would be wrong to ask any woman to sign on for the possibility of that kind of life."
"Don't you think that should be her decision?"
He shrugged.  "I suppose, but what woman in her right mind would willingly go into a relationship knowing what may lay ahead in my future?"
Sophie paused a second before she answered, and he wondered what was going through her head, why she would even think to sign on for such a bad deal. She lifted a hand to his cheek.  "I would."
"Why?"
"Because, love is all encompassing, it doesn't pick and choose based on health, money or any other human assigned criteria.  If you love somebody, you stand by them no matter what.”
He wanted to ask her if she loved him, but fearful her statement represented nothing more than her trying to make a point, he chose a different question.  “Even if that means an uncertain future together?”
She smiled.  “Nothing in life is guaranteed, Logan.  I could be strolling down the sidewalk and get run over by a car, slip in the shower, hit my head and drown under the spray or walk out on our balcony and get struck by lightning."
He smirked.  "Aren't you being a little ridiculous?"
She laughed.  "Maybe, but my point is there are no guarantees.  Why not live life to the fullest and deal with the hits as they come instead of worrying about what might never happen?"
"Is that why you wanted this weekend?"
Something flickered in her eyes and her look turned soft.  "That's exactly why I wanted this weekend."
Her admission had him lowering his head to hers. He brushed the lightest of kisses over her lips tasting the remnants of the wine she was drinking.  It was a flavor he'd remember for the rest of his life.
"Man, I'm gone for a couple of hours, and I come back to find you two continuing on without me."
They broke the kiss and turned to see Reese standing in the open patio door.  Disappointment washed over Logan.  He'd accepted Reese's involvement when they first started, but right now, he wasn't in any mood to share.
"Just keeping things spicy," he replied, hoping not to sound as let down as he felt.
Reese strolled over to where they sat, a rather large grin plastered across his face.  "Well, I say let's take this upstairs."
Sophie took his hand and stood.  "Did everything turn out okay with your partner's emergency?"
"Yeah.  His daughter was playing soft ball and accidentally took a bat to the head.  She was wearing her helmet but blow still stunned her enough that they wanted to make sure everything was okay.  She has a slight concussion, but she'll be fine.”  He clapped his hands together and rubbed back and forth.  “So, how about we continue on with this weekend upstairs?”
Sophie smiled and allowed Reese to help her stand.
Logan pushed up from the chair and stretched, trying to work out the stiffness in his back.  "Ready whenever you are."
Chapter 6
Sophie strolled into the house to await the men.  She couldn't help but wonder what they had planned next for her.  Reese entered, followed by Logan.  The look on Logan's face, appeared a mixture of desire and was that regret?  What in the world was going on inside that beautiful head of his?  Once he realized she was watching him, his demeanor changed, and a smile crossed his face.  Yeah, that was as fake as the day was long.  Tucking that thought away for later scrutiny, she grinned.
"So." She clapped her hands in front of her. "After this afternoon's fruit fest, what do you boys have planned for me tonight?"
Reese's grin was wicked.  He grabbed her shoulders and spun her in the direction of the staircase.  "You'll see.  Now, upstairs with you, my dear."
Giddy excitement raced through her, and Sophie could barely contain the urge to run.  Instead, she somehow managed to play it cool and take the steps one at a time."
Once on the second floor Logan guided her to Reese’s bedroom.  Just inside the door, she stopped to await further instructions.  Reese moved past her and began searching through a bottom dresser drawer.  "Now strip," he ordered over his shoulder.  
Before Sophie had managed so much as to reach for her shirt, Logan wrapped his strong arms around her.  “I'll do that,” he growled against her ear, sending fresh ripples of desire rushing to her channel. As far as she was concerned, Logan could strip her naked any time he wanted.
She held her breath while his large, slightly calloused hands trailed along her sides and played at the hem of her shirt.  His fingers burrowed beneath the edge and splayed across her soft belly.  She sucked in a breath and held it, hoping the moment would never end.  “When I’m done, you’re going to strip me,” he said, his warm breath dancing across her neck.  Raw need pulled at her pussy as she turned her head toward him only to have him capture her mouth with his.
His kiss was hard, needy and spoke of something deeper than the lust driving them to this point.  When he finally pulled away, she gazed up at him, studying the hungry look he wore.  Without another word, he slowly pulled her shirt up, and dropped it on the floor.  
Sophie let her eyes close as she relished his touch.  He slipped his hands around her and cupped her through her lace bra.  “Breath, baby,” he whispered and with an expert hand he freed her breasts from their lace prison.
For several long seconds he tweaked and plucked at her nipples, working them into a hard point.  Just when she thought she’d go crazy from need, he placed his thumbs in the waistband of her skirt and pushed, hooking her panties in the process.
Standing naked, save for the black pumps she still wore, Sophie gazed up at Logan mesmerized by the uncloaked passion radiating from his eyes.  She turned into his arms, and let her lids fall closed a second time when his hand roamed aimlessly over her back.
The secure feeling she wore when he held her bothered her more than it probably should have. Yet she couldn't shake the feeling that she was indeed slowing falling in love with the one man who she knew was off limits, not simply because her brother dictated it, but because Logan couldn't see past his own illness.
She tilted her head and brushed her lips over the pulse point in his neck, inhaling his masculine scent in the process.  For years, she’d smelled his cologne and had barely been able to keep her hands off him.  Now she didn’t have to.
Sophie freed his shirt from his jeans and tucked her hands beneath the fabric.  Her fingers grazed over his soft skin, and he shivered beneath her touch.  She smiled.  It was empowering to know that she could have such an effect on him.  With both hands, he pulled on the neck of his shirt and shrugged out of the material.
She drank in his tanned rippled abs and leaned forward to kiss his breastbone.  “God, you’re sexy,” she whispered.
“So are you, baby.”
Her gaze flicked up to meet his.  He was watching her with an intensity she’d never seen before, and it struck her deep at her core. Years of built-up passion radiated from behind his eyes and for the first time since the weekend began Sophie allowed her herself to fully love him.  She kissed his chest again, then eased her way down his abdomen until she reached his belt line.
Without waiting for his order, she worked open the front and reached into his boxers, freeing his cock.  Desire fed her hunger, pushing her to taste him.  She wrapped her fingers around him and stroked upward before she dragged her tongue over the ruddy colored cap.  All the while, she watched him watching her.
"Damn.  Watching you two go at it is better than any porn movie."  Reese's voice cut through the heady silence that had built between her and Logan.  She turned find Reese holding a handful of silk scarves with one hand and stroking his dick with the other.  Her heart jumped.  So, bondage was on the menu tonight.  Damn if that idea wasn't enticing as hell.
Logan snagged her under her arms and dragged her up his body.  He pulled her tight against his chest and whispered, “Enjoy this sweetheart because after this weekend I’m not sharing anymore.”
Stunned, she pulled away and looked up at him.  Did he mean what she thought he meant?  Before she allowed herself to think too long about it, she turned and climbed on to the luxurious king size sleigh bed.  Wondering exactly how they would tie her down when there were no slats or bars to bind her to, Sophie eased face down to the mattress.  With her head turned to one side, she studied the cherry finished only to discover hooks screwed into the wood in line with the edge of the mattress.
Logan brushed his fingers along her back and down her arm until he held her wrist in his hand.  “If at any time you want to stop, let me know, okay?”
“Okay, but what are you going to do?”
His smile was wicked, “You'll see,” he said and began wrapping the decorative silk around her arm, then tied the other end to the hook.  Behind and out of her sight, she felt Reese doing the same thing to her legs.  
The knowledge that they were spreading her wide open for their viewing pleasure, and that she was at their mercy made her stomach roll and sway.  It wasn't that she feared either of them.  She trusted both men and knew if by chance Reese started to get carried away, Logan would be there to reel him in.
Reese tugged one last time on the restraints.  "You ready, sweetheart?"
Swallowing audibly, she closed her eyes, nodded, and eagerly awaited whatever they had in store for her.
She heard what she thought were keys jingling.  Keys?  What did they need keys for?  That question exploded in a flurry of pain when the sting of leather across her bare ass finally registered.  It wasn't key's she'd heard, but the sound of a belt buckle jingling. With a yelp, Sophie squirmed and struggled to see which of them was administering the spanking.  Not that it mattered.  Barely within her field of vision she spotted Logan leaning against the dresser, stroking his hardening flesh, his eyes fixed on her backside.  That same heady mix of desire and something she couldn't quite identify claimed his features once again.
The sound of leather striking flesh rent the air a second time and the most delicious burn she’d ever experienced danced across her buttocks. She couldn’t imagine going through this with strangers.  It simply wouldn’t have held the same level of emotion.  A third slap filled the air.  Sophie whimpered and tugged against the scarves holding her tight.  It wasn't that she wanted Reese to stop, but now in the throes of the moment, not having control of her arms was a little more unnerving than she'd originally expected.
Four, five, six times the belt struck her sensitive and burning skin and Sophie panted out ragged breaths, determined to wait him out.  Though if he didn't stop soon, she swore her body would simply combust from the amount of heat she was generating.
Logan appeared by her side.  "You okay?"
She turned her head to look at him and smiled.  "I'm fine."
He frowned.  "You look like you're about to cry."
"You would too if your ass was on fire.  Trust me, I'm okay."
His sagging lips tilted up at the corners.  "Good, cause I have a job for you."
He untied the silk restraining her arms and slid onto the bed in front of her.  
Face to crotch with him, she waited for his instructions, already knowing what he wanted, and she couldn't wait to finish what she’d started earlier.  He fisted his dick and rubbed the mushroom shaped cap across her lips.  She opened her mouth and covered it, wrapping her lips around his shaft in one fluid motion.
With a groan, he sank back against the headboard.  "Fuck yeah, Sophie.  That feels so good, baby."  Lost in her new goal of satisfying Logan, she'd completely forgotten about Reese and the damn belt until once again the smacking sound of leather meeting skin echoed in the room.
Sophie jerked and yelped, letting go of Logan's cock.  Her gaze raced up to meet his.  He smiled encouragingly.  "Do you think you can handle more?"  The throb in her pussy screamed yes, while the skin on her ass begged for mercy.  She nodded even as a tear broke free and trickled down her cheek. He lifted a hand and wiped away her errant tear.  "You're sure."
Knowing she could stop it any time, she wanted pushed herself to see just how much she could handle. She nodded and resumed her task.
After three more hits the spankings stopped.  The bed dipped and cool hands smooth over her burning ass.  Sophie relished the feel of Reese's fingers soothing over her heated skin.  Then he slid one hand between her thighs.  "Damn, Sophie.  You're soaking wet."
She was also going to explode if he didn't do something to assuage the growing ache in her pussy.  As far as she was concerned, sweet relief couldn't come fast enough. He shoved one finger deep into her channel and Sophie let go of Logan's prick long enough to gasp for air.  "More," she begged, trying to open her legs wider for him only to be stopped by the restraints.
The rich tenor of his laugh sent yet another rush of desire racing through her already over stimulated system.  "Well hell. Who am I to keep a lady waiting?  Hang on honey. I need a second to protect us."
Thankful he was going to fulfill her request Sophie resumed her task when he asked a question she'd been expecting for some time. "Have you ever had anal sex, Sophie?"  
"Sure I have."
Logan arched a curious brow.  "You told me you wanted to take on two men, so I'm guessing you haven't done two men at the same time?"
Her eyes widened.  "You mean one…”  Her voice trailed off and she felt the heat spread from her ass to her face.
Logan smiled.  “One buried inside your sweet pussy and one in your ass.”
Yeah, that's what she thought he meant.  She shook her head.
The restraints holding her legs captive slacked and Reese tossed the belt to one side.  Logan picked the foil wrappers off the nightstand and began sheathing himself as he nodded at Reese.  “You take top.”
“Are you sure?” Reese asked.
Logan's attention shifted from Reese to Sophie.  “Positive.”
Once sufficiently covered, he grabbed under her arms and pulled her toward him.  She glided over his body until she was face to face with him.  "Ride me, baby," he whispered right before she felt his cock press against the mouth of her pussy.  She didn't need to be told twice. After all, she'd been harboring a deep need to feel him again since their last encounter this afternoon.  With one hand holding onto his hard and glistening shaft, she eased back, taking all of him in one slick glide.
Slowly he thrust into her, squeezing her ass cheeks as he went.  The coolness of his hand against her still burning ass was more calming than she could have imagined.
Soothed by his gentle touch, Sophie yelped when his hand came down hard against her skin, sending a cracking sound through the air.  She expected a spanking from Reese, but not Logan.  He'd always seemed like the type to be a kinder, gentler lover.  To find out he too liked it rough nearly pushed her over the edge.  Her already sensitive flesh tingled and burned beneath his touch.  Still, even if he did like to dish out a good spanking, how could he possibly think she could handle anymore?
Still again, his hand came down and she choked out a cry.  "Logan!"
"What baby?"  His hand came down again and she screamed as her pussy clenched around his shaft.  Damn if what he was doing wasn't turning her on even more.  His pace increased and he rode her harder.
"Oh fuck," he groaned, stilling his movements.  "Now Reese before I lose it."
Desire tap-danced through her brain, drowning out any coherent thought she had.  Logan pulled her forward and nuzzled against her neck.  “You want this, don’t you, baby?”
“Yes,” she whispered against his cheek.
“You’ve always wondered what it would feel like, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” she said again, trying hard to keep her breathing steady when she felt Reese's hand brush over her ass.  It was followed by the cold jolt of lubricant.  
Oh God, it was about to happen, for the first time in her life, she was about to experience two men at once.
Reese's lubricated finger teased her entrance, testing, pushing until he finally breached her barrier.  Try as she might, Sophie couldn't stop from flinching.
Reese placed his other hand on her bottom, holding her steady while he stretched and prepped her for what was about to come. "Easy, honey.  I promise I'll make it good."
"I know.  I trust you," she replied.  It wasn't as if she'd never had anal sex before.  On occasion, she'd have a boyfriend who would want to partake, so she knew how the process worked.  Still, having two men sheathed inside her body changed the rules, once again placing her in virginal territory.
Before long, Reese's finger disappeared, and Sophie drew in a deep breath preparing for what was coming next.
The bed sank and he parted her cheeks, lining the tip of his cock up with her ass.  "Don't forget to breath, Phia and if it starts to hurt, let me know."
She lifted her head, glanced over her shoulder at him and nodded.  "Got'cha, now do it already.  The anticipation is killing me."
Logan grinned.  "That's my naughty girl."
She smiled.  "And you love me that way…" the end of her sentence slid into a gasp as Reese pushed forward, slowly forcing his cock through her entrance.  The muscles burned, protesting at the unnatural invasion.  As much as she wanted to hold her breath, she forced out a pant and bit back a cry as the burning increased.
"Damn, Phia.  You're so fucking tight." Reese's voice carried over her back. "Don't fight me, baby."
Logan stroked a hand along her back, kneading her muscles in an attempt to relax her.  His warm breath wafted over her ear.  "Relax, sweetheart, and remember to push against him."
Not wanting to disappoint, she followed his instructions.  The pressure built, then the ring of muscles gave way and Reese slid home.  Her hands shook and she continued to pant out short breaths while she struggled to adjust to the feel of having both of them buried deep inside her.  
She dropped her head, letting it rest against Logan's chest.  "Oh God,"
He kissed her shoulder.  "It's okay, sweetie, take your time."
"So full…gonna…split…in two."
One of his hands came up to cup her breast while he continued to plant slow drugged kisses along the exposed flesh of her neck.  "No, you won't, baby.  I promise.  Are you in pain?"
She shook her head.  "Just really full."
"Good. Let me know if at any time we hurt you.  That's not what this is supposed to be about."  He finished his sentence by slowly pulling out until only the crown of his shaft remained seated inside her chamber.  Bullets of pleasure shot up Sophie's spine and she moaned.
"That's it, baby.  Feel what we can do to you," Logan whispered, pushing back in as Reese pulled out.
Never could Sophie have imagined the near euphoric feeling she'd experience by taking on two men at once, but here she was, slowly climbing toward what she was sure would be the mother of all orgasms and loving every second of it.  She writhed between the two men, both loving her so thoroughly she swore she'd never walk again.
The coil lodged deep in her belly began to tighten as both men's rhythmic pace picked up.  With each glorious stroke, the pressure increased until she couldn't hold on any longer.  She threw her head back and cried.  Her entire body wracked with shudders while her pussy and ass clenched around their invading dicks.
Reese went off stroke and drove deep, furthering her orgasm with the pulsing of his own release.  Logan let out a growl and quickly followed, lifting his hips, and driving home.
Completely exhausted and more satisfied than she'd ever been in her life, Sophie let her head fall against Logan's chest.  Her eyes drifted shut even as she felt the loss of heat when Reese pulled out and moved away.  She could only hope they were both replete also, because right now, all she wanted to do was sleep.
Chapter 7
Logan peered up as the rollercoaster twisted and turned overhead and he wondered if Sophie and Reese were riding yet.  After making both themselves and the sheets sticky with breakfast in bed, and barely making it through a late lunch before initiating her with the living room furniture, an exhausted and somewhat sore Sophie had voiced her desire to spend some time on the boardwalk.
Not wanting to disappoint her, he and Reese agreed and over the course of the evening, Logan found himself tied to different park benches impatiently waiting for Sophie and Reese to return from various rides on the amusement park pier.
He would have given damn near anything to be the one to taking her on the rides, but with his back the way it was, anything above the carousel or Ferris wheel was more jarring than his body could handle.
If only he hadn't crashed his car into that tree when he was twenty-one.  Yeah, he'd been saying 'if only' for the last eight years.  If only he'd went to doctor when his symptoms had first started instead of blowing them off as college induced fatigue.  If only he'd called somebody that night when he decided, he’d finally felt bad enough to go to the hospital and not drive himself.  If only he had the opportunity to go back in time and change things.  He didn't and sitting around ruminating over it would only make his mood worse.
Situations like today's always served as a stark reminder of why he could never get married and have children. What kind of father could he be when he couldn't participate in all the activities other dads did?  It simply wouldn't be fair to his kids.
At least by having Reese here, it took that pressure off this situation.  Logan could disguise his disappointment by continuing to play the dominant roll and order her to go on the rides. Reese played his part, choosing the wildest, scariest rides for Logan to order her on.
He couldn't allow her to miss the fun simply because of his condition.  Still even as he'd sent her off with Reese to partake in all the rides, his stomach twisted in knots.  It was a ridiculous feeling.  He and Reese had shared women before and not once had Logan ever been jealous, but seeing her in Reese’s arms last night, and hanging on him today as if they were more than friends, made Logan sick to his stomach.
Of course, Sophie wasn't any woman and there in was the problem.  Sophie wasn't simply smart and beautiful. She was vivacious, outgoing, and generous.  Tough as nails one moment, yet fragile as glass the next, she was an enigma and for the first time in his life, he knew his heart was in serious trouble.
Before he could ponder that thought for long, he spotted Sophie and Reese walking toward him.  The grin plastered across her flushed cheeks told him everything he needed to know.  "I'd ask if you had a good time, but from that smile, I'd have to say yes."
She nodded and reached up to adjust her falling ponytail.  "It was awesome.  It's a shame you couldn't ride it, ‘cause I know you'd really enjoy it."
"You're right, I probably would, but I enjoy walking even more, so I'll take your word for it."
Her smile slowly dissipated.  "I'm sorry.  That was extremely insensitive of me."
He squeezed her hand.  "No, it wasn't. I understand your enthusiasm and I wish I could partake, but ordering you is nearly as much fun, so don't worry about it."  The last thing he wanted was for her to feel bad about having fun. When the remorseful look on her face remained, he tried again.  "Honey, you're going to spoil the mood if you keep looking like that.  Honestly, it's okay."
"No, it's not, Logan. All afternoon you've been tied to park benches while Reese and I have been having fun and I feel bad about that."
"Tell you what.  You can make it up by riding the Ferris wheel with me."
She smiled, apparently pleased by his concession.  "You got it." She looked over her shoulder.  "You coming, Reese?"
Reese shook his head.  "I'm afraid you'll have to count me out.  My phone was vibrating while we were standing in line.  I need to find out who called and what they wanted.  I'll catch up with you guys over by the log flume in a few minutes, okay?"
Relived to have some time alone with Sophie, Logan slipped an arm around her waist and guided her toward the line for the Ferris wheel.  
"I bet you thought the weekend was going to be all sex, huh?"
She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear as they walked.  "Not really.  I mean, I expected a lot of sex and so far, you haven't disappointed, but I also knew I'd need a rest and you'd need to recharge.  Besides, it's nice to spend this kind of time with you both.  It's giving me the opportunity to get to know you even better than I already do."
Logan laughed.  "After buying a condo together and living there for four years, I didn't think there was much left we didn't know about each other."
She smiled.  "Guess I blew the hell out of that theory with my declaration of wanting wild, uninhibited sex, huh?"
"Yeah, I suppose you did, but honestly, I think it only adds to your mystique."
Her face screwed into a disbelieving grin, and she snorted at his words.  "Right, some mystique I have going on.  Out of my last five boyfriends, one transferred across the country for his job, one decided he was gay and three have found the need to get their sex from some other source.  The only thing mysterious or intriguing about me is why I haven't given up on the entire male species yet."
He stopped in his tracks and grabbed her by the shoulders.  "Those men are idiots for cheating on you.  I'm telling you, honey one day you'll make some lucky man a great wife."
"Why is it whenever I walk up on you two, I think I'm going to have to call out the fire department to hose you down?"
Logan looked up to see Reese standing behind her, a smile plastered across his face.  Well, that was one quick as hell phone call.
Reese smirked. "There are children around you know.  If you can't keep your hands off each other, then might I suggest you get a room?"
Sophie laughed and gave him a good shove.  "You're such a jerk sometimes.  You know that?"
His grin widened.  "Only trying to keep up my reputation, darling.  Now how about some more rides?"
She glanced at her watch, then shook her head.  "I'm starving again, my feet are killing me and I'm exhausted. Besides, it's starting to get kind of late.  Any chance we could grab something on the boardwalk to eat and head back to the house?"
So much for a romantic ride on the Ferris wheel.  Trying not to show his disappointment, Logan motioned in the direction of the boardwalk. "Sure, let's go."
Halfway down the pier, Sophie turned to face them, yet continued to walk backwards.  "I saw a food vendor just off the walk, down at street level that had those giant boardwalk fries and funnel cakes.  I'd love to have a funnel cake."  She batted her eyes at Logan.
He smirked at her attempt to coerce him and motioned forward. "Lead the way."
Before long, Logan found himself in a sea of people, all waiting in line for the same chance to order.  "This guy better have damn good funnel cakes," he grumbled.
"From what I could tell, he seemed to be the only one within a few blocks who sold them.  That's probably why he's so popular."
Logan glanced at his watch, then back up to the line.  In five minutes, it had only moved up by one customer.  This could take awhile. "You know, you two don't have to stand in line with me.  I'll order and you guys can wander around a bit."
Reese nodded.  "Sounds like a plan.  Come on, Sophie, darling.  Let me try to win you a prize at the booth on the other end of the block."
He grabbed her arm, yet she resisted, staring up at Logan.  "Are you sure?  It doesn't seem fair to saddle you with the task of taking care of the food while we go have fun."
He shook his head.  "Stop it, Phia.  I'm fine with this.  Now I'm ordering you to go with Reese and to stop worrying about me."
A sheepish look claimed her features and she nodded, turning away from him, making Logan feel like a heel for scolding her.
At least this was something he could do to contribute to the situation.  He snagged her by the arm, pulling her back to him.  “I’m sorry,” he whispered, trailing a finger over her cheek.  “I didn’t mean to growl at you.  Now, you go with Reese and have a good time.  When I get the food I'll meet you."
"Well," she hedged.  "Okay.  If you're sure.  You're the best."  She kissed him square on the lips, then allowed Reese to lead her off in another direction.
Logan watched them go, then turned his attention back to the line, which was still moving at a snail’s pace.  At this rate, he'd be there all night just waiting to order.  Ten minutes later, Logan finally stood at the window waiting for the rest of his order.  Keeping more of an eye on Sophie than he should, considering she was with Reese, he glanced over once again to find them standing several feet away.  Reese leaned back against the concrete wall.  Sophie stood in front of him, holding a small pink something in her hand.  From his angle, Logan guessed it was a stuffed rabbit, but couldn't tell for sure.
He smiled, knowing all too well that the fifty-cent toy would without a doubt, find a coveted spot on a shelf somewhere in her bedroom.  Sentimental to a fault, Sophie held on to the oddest things.  Objects like rocks, paper airplanes and stuffed animals that, to the unknowing observer, seemed like nothing more than trash, held a special place in her heart.  One could ask her about any single object sitting in shrine in her room, and she could tell them the story behind it without batting an eye.  It was those tiny details about her that made Logan realize she'd make a fantastic mother.
"Sorry about that, Mac." The man behind the counter said, handing Logan the second funnel cake.
Logan wanted to tell him it wasn't all right, that taking ten minutes to fill a simple food order was unacceptable.  Instead, he grunted what he deemed an acceptable reply, picked up the funnel cake, balanced it precariously on top of the one below it, and turned, arms full, toward Reese and Sophie.
Before he'd taken a single step, screeching tires filled the air and Logan's gaze fell upon a black Honda speeding around a corner through a red light.  Out of control, the car fishtailed, corrected, then crash up onto the sidewalk.  Pedestrians scattered and shrieks filled the air.  The car slammed into the wall, mere feet from Logan.  A cacophony of sounds assaulted his ears as the grinding of metal mixed with terrified screams and shattering glass.  Debris rained down, peppering the sidewalk with tiny pieces of metal and glass.  His gaze darted back and forth through the sea of panicked people.  He’d lost sight of Sophie and Reese.  The black Honda now rested where they had been standing mere seconds ago.  Adrenaline shot through Logan like a zap of electricity.  NO!  Dropping the food, he raced toward the accident scene.  "Sophie!  Reese!"  Logan's heart beat faster at the possibility of imminent doom.  Dear God let them be all right.
An ominous silence suddenly filled the air in the aftermath.  A low murmur began to filter through the disbursed crowed and curious, people began inching their way back toward the accident scene.  Ignoring the growing crowd of onlookers surrounding the driver's side of the car, Logan raced behind the vehicle to the other side.  His heart nearly skidded to a stop when he spotted Sophie lying face down on the concrete only a foot from the crumpled front end of the car.  "Sophie!"  He rushed forward, elbowing he way through yet another gaggle of onlookers.  Just as he reached them, Reese helped her up from where she lay.  Logan dropped to his knees, grabbed her from Reese, and cradled her in his arms.  His heart pounded so hard he swore it would beat right through his ribcage and out of his chest.  "Thank God!"  Tears welled in his eyes, blurring his vision while he continued to kiss the top of her head.  “It’s okay, baby,” he whispered, knowing the words were for his benefit nearly as much as hers.  With his free hand, he grabbed at Reese's forearm, desperate not to let go of either of them.
For several seconds he sat on the ground with her pressed to his chest while he struggled to regain his composure.  Apparently, she didn't mind as she too clung to him.  When he could finally catch his breath, he slowly pushed her away from him to inspect her injuries.  The side of her face was skinned and bleeding, as were her hands and arm, but other than that she seemed fine.  "Are you okay?"
She nodded and lifted a shaking, bloody hand to her head.  "I think so.  We were just standing there talking and the next thing I know, I'm hearing tires squealing and Reese is pushing me to the ground."  Her eyes widened in horror.  "Oh my God, Reese!"
Reese leaned over her shoulder.  "I'm okay, honey, just scratched up like you."
"Thank God you saw that car coming."
Logan nodded and turned to look at his friend.  "Yeah, I owe you big time."
Reese shook his head.  "No, you don't.  I'm glad I was here."
"Me too, pal.  Me too."
* * *
Logan paced the floor for what seemed to be the hundredth time before plopping down with a huff into the nearest empty chair.  It took some coercing from him and Reese, but Sophie had finally agreed to let the paramedics treat her at the scene.  After an initial assessment by one very nice medic, who Logan would have sworn was barely old enough to be out of high school, they decided to transport Sophie to the hospital as a precaution.
Now, he found himself stuck in the emergency department’s waiting room, impatiently waiting for Reese and Sophie to emerge.   It didn’t matter that he knew she was okay.  He still wanted to be with her, to hold her and tell her how sorry he was for not taking better care of her.  Oh sure, he knew the accident wasn’t his fault, but he had a certain obligation to keep her safe and he’d failed.
Damn it, he wanted to know what in the hell was going on.
He rested his head against the back of the chair, his face upturned toward the soft lights glowing down from above.  Never could he remember a woman capable of turning his insides to jelly the way Sophie did. For years, he’d watched her jump from loser to loser in her search for the perfect husband.  Each time she came home with a new beau his stomach would drop and he’d spend the following week in a lousy mood.  Maybe it was wrong of him to have kept his feelings from her all this time, but that damn promise had stood in the way.
Mitch had made it clear she was off limits and even now he’d no doubt want to cut Logan’s balls off if he knew the truth.  Still, that hadn’t stopped Logan from wondering what it would be like to be come home at the end of the day to a loving wife instead of a roommate.
Eventually he’d have to face Mitch and while he and Sophie agreed what Mitch didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him, looking the man in the face would be a whole other story.  He and Mitch had known each other almost since kindergarten and in all the years they’d been friends, he’d never lied to Mitch—until now.  Logan only hoped the guilt of keeping Sophie’s secret wouldn’t eat him alive.
He drew in a deep breath and held it.  God, he was tired. His eyes drifted closed only to spring back open at the image of the black car smashed against the wall. Logan shook his head in an attempt to rid himself of the horrific image.  It wasn’t only that he’d nearly lost Sophie tonight.  No, the car itself served as an eerie reminder of his own accident.  He’d been lucky he hadn’t been killed or maimed someone else the night he passed out in a diabetic shock.  How would he have felt if he had hurt another person because of his own stupidity?  That question plagued him for years after the crash.
Now, on the heels of another near miss, Logan found himself staring directly into the face of fate.  Control, he realized, was nothing more than an illusion.  One he’d created in an effort to keep some sort of normalcy in his life.  While he could take precautions and use his head to keep himself out of dangerous situations, nothing would stop fate from crossing his path.  Nothing he could say or do would ultimately stop his life from unfolding as it was supposed to and it wouldn’t matter if he were married or not.
The double doors leading into the emergency department opened and Reese emerged.  His left hand now sported a bandage, brace and a neat white band aid covered his left temple.  He spotted Logan and lifted his hand to wave.
Logan jumped to his feet and met Reese half way across the room. “Well?”
Reese held up his bandaged hand.  “Sprained wrist and some nasty road rash on the back of my hand.  Other than that, I’m good.”
“What about Sophie?”
Reese shook his head.  “They wouldn’t tell me much.  You know that damn HIPAA act prevents them from talking to anybody but the patient and authorized family members.  However, one very sympathetic nurse did tell me that Sophie was complaining of neck and back pain, so they were going to do x-ray’s.  Other than that, I don’t know anything.”
Logan bit down on the inside of his cheek and nodded.  He hated being on the outside while Sophie was all alone and suffering through tests.  It wasn’t enough they shared a mortgage and now a bed.  Because they didn’t have that stupid piece of paper tying them together, he remained stranded in the waiting room when she needed him most.
“Hey,” Reese’s voice cut through Logan’s thoughts.  “Are you okay?”
He turned to look at his friend and nodded before raking a hand through his hair. “Yeah.  I’m fine.  I just wish I could be there for her instead of being stuck out here.”
“She’s a big girl, Logan and she’s not hurt that badly.  I’m sure we’ll know something soon.”  He paused and gave Logan a long look.  “Did you take your insulin today?”
Logan knit his brow. “Of course, I did.”
“When was the last time you ate?”
“Huh?”
Rees frowned. “Food, Logan.  Remember that thing which keeps you from collapsing into an unconscious puddle.  When was the last time you ate?”
Logan shook his head.  The last thing he wanted right now was food. “I’m not hungry.”
Reese grabbed him by the elbow and turned Logan toward the vending machines.  “You know you can’t do that, Logan.  Get yourself something to snack on before you end up lying in one of those beds back there.  You won’t do Sophie any good if you have to be treated for hypoglycemia.”
Logan drew in a deep breath and walked toward the machines.  Even though his stomach was threatening to wage war if he tried to eat anything, Reese was right.  He wouldn’t do Sophie any good if he got sick too.

Chapter 8

"I said I want a bath," Sophie argued while Logan helped her up the steps to the bedroom.  After three hours of waiting in the emergency room to get the confirmation that aside from some minor cuts and scrapes Sophie was fine, Logan's nerves were shot.
Before they’d left, the doctor on call shot her up with a muscle relaxer to help with her back pain.  Now with medication coursing through her body, she wasn't in any condition to be bathing and in even less of a mood to argue about it.
"How about a bath in the morning, honey?  It's been a long night for all of us."
She shook her head and would have fallen backward off the step if Reese hadn't been standing behind her.  "I'm still sticky from that cotton candy I ate earlier, and I've got dirt and God only knows what else all over me from that damn sidewalk.  I need a bath."
"We can't let her bath alone.  In her condition she might drown."
Logan looked over her shoulder at Reese.  "I'll get in the tub with her.  If we take her into your bedroom, we can use the Jacuzzi tub.  It should be big enough for both of us."
Reese nodded.  "Whatever you want is fine with me.  You can put her to bed in my room when she's done, and I'll sleep in the guest room tonight."
The three of them stumbled into his bedroom.  "Are you sure you wouldn't rather go to bed?" Logan asked in a last-ditch effort to persuade her out of a bath.
"No." She yanked away from his grip and stumbled to one side, landing hard against the wall. Logan inwardly groaned.  She wasn't going to make it easy on him.
He motioned to Reese to take her by the arm. "Stay with her while I run the water."
Reese took up position next to him and Logan rushed to the bathroom.  He turned up the heater, switched on the taps, set out clean towels and a washcloth, then returned to fetch her from Reese.
Once in the bathroom, Logan stripped her out of her clothes, then kicked out of his own.  He helped her into the hot water, careful not to let her fall, then stepped in behind her.  Slowly they eased down into the water, with Sophie eventually coming to rest between his legs.  She leaned back against his chest and sighed.  "This is nice."
Despite his original concern, he had to admit she was right.  There was something extremely sensual and intimate about bathing with her.  He picked up the cloth, soaked it in the water and gently began wiping it over her flesh.
She didn't move and he repeated the process.  He was almost convinced she'd fallen asleep when she began to speak.  "When I was little, my mom used to give me a bath every night."  She snuggled a little closer to him and this time her eyes drifted shut.  "I would always beg her to fill the tub completely to the top and she would always say yes then send me off to my room to find my pajamas and pickup any toys I still had laying around.  By the time I would return, the tub would be brimming with bubbles that threatened to spillover when I stepped in.  I'd climb in and play happily until the water turned cold and every bubble was gone.  Only then would I realize my bath was one third water and two thirds’ bubbles."
"Sounds like a great memory."
She nodded.  "Its memories like that one which keep me going."
"I don't know if I ever told you, but I worried a lot about you in the days after their plane crash."
She angled her head to the side, opened her eyes and smiled.  "You did?"
He nodded and returned to slowly dragging the washcloth over her damp flesh.  "It was hard on Mitch too and I'm glad my parents were there to help him get through it, but you were the one I focused on.  After their accident you withdrew so much that there were some nights when I slept over, I'd get up two or three times to check on you."
Her eyes widened.  "I never knew that, though there were times when I felt I had a guardian angel watching over me."
"I wouldn't call me a guardian angel, but I did try to keep an eye on you whenever I could."
"I'm guessing you were the one who dumped mom's prescription drugs and hid all the razors."
A small smile claimed his features.  "Guilty as charged.  You wouldn't talk to anybody, and I wasn't sure how desperate you'd get, but I didn't want to take a chance."
"I did think about it," she admitted.  "But only once and then I realized I'd be leaving Mitch all alone and I couldn't do that."
"Speaking of Mitch.  Don't you think we should call and let him know what happened?"
She shook her head.  "I don't want to bother him this late when I'm not really hurt.  I'll tell him tomorrow."  She yawned.  "Right now, all I want to do is go to sleep."
Logan wrung the cloth out and draped it over the faucet.  "Let me get you a towel."  He slipped out from behind her, padded across the tile floor, dripping water along the way, grabbed two towels, wrapped one around his waist then helped her from the tub and draped the other around her.
She raised a hand to his face and cupped his chin.  "Whether you believe it or not, Logan, you are my guardian angel."
Logan wanted to chalk her words up to the drugs, but the look in her drowsy eyes told a different story.  An uncomfortable feeling settled in his chest and instead of trying to think of something witty so say, he simply guided her toward the bed.
She eased down onto the mattress and without bothering to dress, turned onto her side. "Thank you for helping me with my bath."
He pulled the covers around her shoulders and leaned over to kiss her.  "You're welcome.  I'll be downstairs with Reese if you need me."
"Mmmm…okay." She snuggled into the pillow and closed her eyes.
For several seconds, Logan stood next to the bed trying to decide if he should leave her alone.  Finally deciding she'd be fine, he returned to the bathroom to dress and clean up their mess, before heading downstairs.
As he passed the refrigerator on his way out to the patio, Logan stopped to grab a couple of beers from inside.  He stepped out onto the patio and tossed a bottle at Reese.  "Heads up."
Reese snagged the beer mid-air and pulled it down.  "How's Sophie?"
Logan eased into a chair across from Reese.  "Okay, I guess.  The muscle relaxer they gave her at the hospital finally got the better of her.  She was nearly out when I closed the door.  I imagine she'll probably sleep all night."
Reese leaned back and popped the top off his bottle.  "It's just as well.  Nearly being turned into a grease spot kind of put a damper on the mood.  Besides, with all those scratched on her arm I'd be too afraid of hurting her to touch her."
“Yeah,” Logan replied before twisting the lid off his beer and taking a long pull from the bottle.
"Hey, you're not supposed to be drinking.  I don't want to be saving your ass from plummeting blood sugar levels."
Logan frowned.  "Don't worry.  I ate earlier."
"A candy bar and chips are not what I’d consider real food."
Logan rolled his eyes. "Spare me the lecture, okay?  I know the dangers of someone like me drinking and I also know that tomorrow it could all be over in a flash, so why not enjoy life a little?"
Reese’s brow creased into a frown.  “Enjoy life?  Hell, Logan if I didn’t know better, I would have thought you’d been the one facing the business end of that Honda.”
“Just because I wasn’t in its path didn’t mean the outcome wouldn’t have affected me.  If you were suddenly gone, don’t think for a second that I wouldn’t feel the impact of your absence.”
Reese took a long pull of his beer then shook his head. “I’m not saying I don’t believe what you said, but there’s something more going on here, buddy.  You test your levels regularly, brush your teeth after every meal and as far as I know, always use a condom.  You suddenly tossing caution to the wind doesn’t make any sense.  So why don’t you tell me the truth?”
Logan looked up his gaze meeting Reese's over the fire.  "You want the truth?”  He pushed off the chair and began to pace the tiny patio.  “The truth is I’ve been spent the last eight years mostly playing by the rules and for what?”
“Logan-”
Logan shook his head.  “No, don’t Logan me.  You have no idea how terrified I was tonight when I thought…”  He let the end of his sentence trail off and dropped back onto the chair.
“When what?” Reese asked.
Logan gazed into the fire burning in the pit between them and knew what he was about to say would change everything, but he didn’t want to deny it any longer.  “When I thought I'd lost her."  His voice was barely louder than a whisper when he uttered the words, but he felt as though he’d yelled them to the moon.
"Lost her?"  Reese leaned forward, set his beer on the ground next to his chair and rested his arms on his knees. "You make it sound as if she were yours to lose."
Logan didn't answer.  Instead, he stared aimlessly into the fire while he held his bottle by two fingers, swishing the liquid inside.
"Logan?"
He glanced up to see Reese's concerned expression, then returned his attention to the flames.  "Maybe I want her to be mine to lose."
"What's that supposed to mean?"  Reese's eyes went wide.  "Oh my God, it's finally happened."
Logan wrinkled his nose and pulled another swig of his beer.  "What's finally happened?"
"Love 'em and leave 'em Logan has finally fallen in love."
Logan pursed his lips and wrinkled his brow.  "I'm not in love with her."
"Then why the sudden concern with living for the moment?  You've come a lot closer than this to dying.  Hell, you weren't even the one in the path of that maniac earlier."
"I said I'm not in love with her. Can we please drop this subject?"
"Right, if you're not in love with her then I'm a virgin," Reese shot back.  "And no, I'm not going to let the topic drop. Come on, buddy, confession time."
Logan set his now empty bottle at his feet and leaned back in the chair.  "Aw hell, Reese, you’re probably righter than I want to admit.  Every time I think about how close she came to dying tonight, my chest gets all tight and I want to wrap her in my arms and never let go."
"Then why don't you?"
Logan stared at Reese staring at him.  It was a logical question.  Why didn't he just march himself right upstairs and wrap his arms around her?
"Because I'd only be setting her up for heartbreak," he replied.  "You heard her yesterday.  She wants a husband and kids.   I can't give her that."
"Who says?"  Reese stood and walked around the fire, picked up Logan's empty bottle and went into the house, leaving Logan along with his thoughts.
Was it possible he was wrong about the whole marriage thing?  Or worse yet, had he simply been using it as an excuse to keep an emotional distance from the women he dated, thus keeping his heart from being damaged in the process?  He gave his thoughts a snort.  Even though Sophie constantly had her heart stomped on by callous men too stupid to see beyond her blond roots, she continued to search for Mr. Right.
Logan glanced over his shoulder and looked up to the second-floor windows.  She'd made a good point yesterday when they talked about marriage.  Keeping the women he'd been dating at arms-length hadn't been fair to him or them.
Still, he'd never experienced sparks with any of those women, at least not at the same level of intensity he had with Sophie.  He needed to be honest with himself and it started with him admitting that he was in love with Sophie.  For years he'd suspected it, but the moment he sheathed himself inside her warm loving core all his suspicions were confirmed.  Now he couldn't bear the thought of seeing her move on to another loser jerk after this weekend was over.  But where exactly did that leave him?
He scrubbed his hands over his face and stood.  He should face his fears and confess his feelings to her.  All he could hope for was she would feel the same way about him.  Then there was the issue of Mitch.  He certainly wouldn’t be happy to learn Logan had broken his promise and probably wouldn’t be too easy to win over either.  Having Mitch’s blessing on their relationship would make everything much easier, but even if he said no, Logan had no intention of walking away.
Leaving Reese on the patio, he closed the sliding glass door and slowly ascended the steps. With her still under the influence of the medication the hospital gave her, it would be next to impossible to talk to her tonight.  Even if she did feel the same way, chances were, she wouldn't remember the conversation, and this was definitely one discussion he wasn't interested in having a second time.
It would be better if he waited until morning, when he was sure she was clear of the effects of the drug and feeling up to having such a serious discussion.  Until then, at least he'd be able to share his bed with her and hold her in his arms.  If for some reason she didn't feel the same way, then he would always have tonight.
Logan closed the bedroom door, stripped out of his clothes, and climbed beneath the sheets.  As he eased down onto the pillow, she rolled over and snuggled into his chest.  He wrapped an arm around her and kissed the top of her head.  "I love you," he whispered, knowing full well she hadn't heard his words.
* * *
Sunlight drifted through the curtains, kissing Logan with a warm glow that made him want to duck under the covers.  Restless, he'd spent most of the night simply staring at Sophie while she slept.  Now morning was upon him, and he was far from being rested enough to take on the day.  He could already feel the toll the alcohol had taken on his body and knew he'd probably be battling with his blood sugar most of the day because of it.   Damn diabetes!  Sometimes he hated how he was unable to do even the simplest of things, like drink a beer, without dealing with the repercussions the disease caused.
Beside him, Sophie stretched and rolled onto her back, her still sleep heavy eyes stared up at him dreamily.  "Good morning."
The smile on her face brought one to his own and he leaned over to kiss her softly.  "Good morning to you.  How are you feeling?"
She gave a languid stretch and grimaced.  "A little sore in my hip and shoulder, but other than that not too bad.  How about you?  Did you sleep well?"
He opened his mouth to answer her only to be interrupted by a loud banging on the front door.
Sophie looked at the clock and her brow creased.  "Who in the world would be calling at this time of morning?"
"I don't know, but I'll go find out."  He kissed the top of her nose and stumbled from the bed.  "You stay put and rest.  I'll be back."
With little strength and even less energy, he grabbed his jeans and punched his bare feet through each leg.  If he didn't eat something soon and get what he knew was low blood sugar levels under control, things could get ugly for him quickly.  Unfortunately, both breakfast and his conversation with Sophie would have to take a back seat until whomever was banging at the door had been addressed.
Without bothering to button his jeans, he headed out of the bedroom and downstairs.  Whoever was on the other side of that door had better have a damn good reason for imposing on a perfectly quiet Sunday morning.  Prepared to give the person hell, Logan swung open the door and stopped dead in his tracks.  The last person he expected to find was Mitch. Yet there he was, standing on the front porch looking pissed off at the world.  Logan managed to find his voice mere seconds before Mitch pushed past him into the house. "Dude, what are you doing here?"
"Where is she?"  Anger radiated off Mitch's frame, washing over Logan in waves. His stomach dropped.  It was only a matter of minutes before Mitch discovered the truth and they'd all be in trouble.
"Sophie? She's upstairs in bed.  What's the-" Before he could finish his sentence Mitch pushed past him and stomped up the staircase.
Shit! Shit! Shit!  Logan closed the front door and raced after Mitch. Not only was Sophie naked in bed, but their clothing was lying all over the bedroom floor.  If he couldn't stop Mitch before he reached her, the situation would no doubt turn ugly.  "Mitch, wait." Logan grabbed at his arm.
Mitch turned back to him, a confused expression on his face.  "What?"
"I just think it would be better if you didn't go barreling in on her like some tornado.  She's been through enough in the last twenty-four hours without playing twenty questions with you."
"And that's exactly why I'm here.  How do you think I felt at six o'clock this morning when I get a phone call from Harbor General telling me they found my wife's cell phone in the emergency room?"
Logan's eyes widened.  Had they accidentally left Sophie's cell phone at the hospital?  He gave himself a mental smack.  Of course they had, or Mitch wouldn't be seething in front of him right now.  "How did they know to call you?"
"The woman said tried calling the number marked home on Sophie's phone. Apparently, Sophie never changed it from when she moved out years ago.  Anyway, I answered the phone and the nurse assumed I was her husband.  She also assumed I was the one who went with her to the hospital last night."
Guilt dropped like a lead weight into the pit of Logan's stomach.  He'd wanted to call Mitch, but Sophie had insisted it wasn't worth waking him over.  Now he wished he hadn't listened to her.
"I can explain."
"I'm sure you can, but if you don't mind, I'd rather hear it from my sister."  He turned and continued up the steps.  With one foot on the landing, he opened the guest room door on the right and scowled when he found the room was empty.  He shot a quick glare over his shoulder at Logan, then moved to the next door and opened it only to find the room was also empty.  Without saying a word, he walked to the end of the hall and pushed open the door to the master bedroom.  "What in the hell is going on?"
Sophie scrambled to pull the sheets up over her exposed body.  Her eyes went wide and she gasped. "Mitch?  What are you doing here?"
"I could ask you the same thing, especially after I got a phone call from the hospital first thing this morning."
Sophie's face contorted into a frown.  "Why did the hospital call you?"
"They found your cell phone."  He barged into the room and eased down onto the bed beside her.  "Why in the hell were you in the emergency room at midnight and what happened to your face?"
She raised a hand to her cheek.  "I got scraped up last night in an accident, but I'm fine."
Mitch frowned.  "What kind of accident?"
Before she could answer, Mitch took a long look around the room and set his gaze upon Logan.  "Please tell me what I think happened between you and my sister didn't."
The knot in Logan's stomach tightened.  No way would he lie to his friend but telling him the truth wasn't going to be pleasant either.  "I can't."
Mitch's face twisted with anger, and he stood.  "You promised me…"
Logan held up a hand.  "I know I did, but if you'll let me ex-" His last word ended with a wall of pain when Mitch's fist contacted his eye.  He covered his wound with both hands and took several steps backward before regaining his composure.  Still, he didn't retaliate.  No way did he want to duke it out with his friend.
"Logan!" Sophie screamed and scrambled from the bed with only a sheet wrapped around her.  She raced to his side.  "Are you okay?"
Logan nodded.  "Yeah."
She turned to face her brother and let loose a wrath Logan had only seen a handful of times in all the years he'd known her.  "How dare you come barging in here like some raging bull, demanding answers to your questions, then not wait to hear them before passing your own judgment."
"Don't you even try to deny you slept with Logan," Mitch argued.  "Especially since you're wearing the evidence, or should I say not wearing."
Sophie looked down at the sheet wrapped around her.  "So, I slept with Logan.  I'm a big girl, Mitch and believe it or not I have needs."
"You're my baby sister, Phia, you're not supposed to have needs."
"What?  Do you hear how ridiculous you are being?  I stopped needing a keeper when I turned eighteen.  Now you want to tell me why you felt it necessary to punch your best friend?"
"Ex best friend," he corrected.  "As in…was. Not anymore."  He stomped out of the room leaving Logan hanging his head and Sophie sputtering nonsensical words.  "Mitch!" she finally yelled as she raced for her clothing.  She yanked on her skirt and shirt and rushed out the door.  Logan stood staring at the empty space with a hand still covering his assaulted eye.
When the reality of the moment finally sank in, he stalked out the door and down the stairs.  Three steps from the bottom he came face to face with Sophie.  The look in her eyes told him everything he needed to know--she was leaving.
"I'm guessing by the look on your face, you didn't catch him?"
She shook her head. "I'm so sorry, Logan.  I know I agreed to the entire weekend, but I can't let this rest until tomorrow.  I have to go find Mitch and straighten things out."
He nodded.  "I figured.  It's okay.  We kind of lost that whole sex mood with the accident, anyway."
She stepped forward and placed a soft hand on his cheek.  "For what it's worth, I was really looking forward to spending today with you."
He nodded.  "Yeah, me too.  If you want, I'll drive you back to the condo."
She shook her head.  "I'll call a cab"
"Like hell you will.  Do you have any idea how much a cab ride will cost you from here?"  Logan motioned to the steps.  "Upstairs on the nightstand are my keys.  Take my car and go find Mitch.  I'll get a ride back with Reese tomorrow."
"Are you sure?"
He nodded and leaned over to kiss her on the cheek.  "I'm positive.  Now go before I have second thoughts about letting you leave."
Rising up on her toes, she planted a quick kiss on his lips.  "You're the best, Logan.  I owe you."  Without waiting for him to reply, she raced up the steps.
Raking a hand through his hair, he tried to process what had just taken place.  He pondered over the situation for only a few moments before she clattered down the steps.  "Wish me luck." She called over her shoulder as she raced for the door.
"Good luck," he managed to murmur to the closing door.  For several long seconds he stood in place staring at the door.  Maybe he should have gone with her, but what would that have accomplished, except to piss Mitch off further by making him feel he was being ganged up on?
No.  As much as Logan wanted to be there with her, this was something she needed to do alone. Especially if either of them had any real chance of straightening things out with Mitch.
He heard the sliding glass doors open and turned to see Reese enter.  Still panting and covered in sweat from his morning run, he yanked open the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of water.  After guzzling down half the bottle he paused and quirked an eyebrow at Logan.  "I thought I saw your truck leave."
Logan nodded.  "Yeah, Sophie took it."
"Why?"
"Mitch was here and is pissed off as all hell."
Reese's eyes widened.  "What was Mitch doing here?"
"Apparently we left Sophie's cell phone at the hospital last night and some too-smart-for-her-own-good nurse managed to contact Mitch.  After she described me to Mitch, it didn't take him long to figure out I'd brought Sophie to the beach house."
"Shit!"  He paused and looked Logan square in the face.  "I'm guessing he did that to your eye?
Logan gently touched his abused flesh.  "Yeah, he hit me right after he discovered that I'd slept with Sophie."
"Did he know we were both with Sophie?"
Logan shook his head.  "Thankfully, you made the bed in the guest room before you left for your run.  Mitch never even knew you were here."
Reese plopped down on the sofa and looked up at Logan.  "So, what now?"
That was the appropriate question. What now?  Logan set his jaw and walked to the front window to peer out at the empty driveway.  There was one thing he could do that would hopefully, not only make things right with Mitch but would ease the pain in his own heart every time he thought about Sophie moving on to another man.
He turned and looked back at Reese. "Why don't you go take your shower and get dressed, cause I need to go somewhere.  Since Sophie took my truck, I'm stranded here with you."
Reese rooted through his pocket and tossed Logan his keys.  "Take the car."
Logan snagged the keys mid-air.  "Thanks, but I want you to come along.  I've never done this before and I think I’m going to need a second opinion."
Chapter 9

Knowing how Mitch liked to bury himself in his work whenever he was angry, Sophie first drove past the office where he housed his small architectural firm but found the parking lot void of any vehicles on the late Sunday morning.
Out of habit, she next passed by his favorite bar, only to realize it was in fact Sunday morning and all bars would be closed in the town until after afternoon.  With him currently suffering the same single status as she, that only left Sophie with one place left to look.
She pulled up the driveway to what was once her parent's home and parked next to Mitch's black Dakota.  After the accident that took their parents lives, Mitch stayed in the house, assumed the mortgage payments, and eventually had the deed transferred into his name.
Sophie never questioned his motives for doing what he did.  She felt the same way he did about the house.  They'd grown up there and the last thing either of them wanted was to sell the place.
Using the same key her father gave her when he deemed Sophie old enough to walk home from school by herself, she unlocked the front door and stepped over the threshold.  "Mitch?"
She could only hope he hadn't taken off on a morning run to work off his frustrations.  If he had, the Lord only knew how long he'd be gone.
"Mitch?" She repeated, slightly louder.  Within seconds, his image appeared in the doorway leading to the kitchen.  "What are you doing here?"
"I came to talk to you."
"I don't know that there's anything to talk about."
"There's plenty to talk about and if you don't want to talk that's fine.  Just listen."
She dropped her keys and purse on the foyer table and ambled into the living room to take her place in her favorite chair.  "First, I want to apologize for not calling you last night after the accident.  Honestly, when I realized I wasn't seriously hurt, I didn't think much more of it."  She shrugged.  "Maybe I should have, but I was so sore and tired, all I wanted was for Logan to take me home so I could go to bed."  She paused, waiting for a response.  When she didn't receive one, she continued.  "I'm sorry, Mitch.  I should have called or had Logan call you.  It was irresponsible and inexcusable of me."
After several long seconds he nodded, then slowly entered the room, and eased into what used to be their father's favorite recliner.  "Apology accepted.  Now you want to explain to me what in the hell you were thinking sleeping with Logan?"
She squirmed in her seat.  Other than the 'talk', Sophie never had any type of conversation about sex with her mother before she died.  Even after her parents passed away, Mitch also avoided the taboo topic.  So, to have that level of conversation with him now seemed a little strange to say the least.   "Well, let me start by saying he didn't do anything wrong.  The weekend was my idea.  Well, actually it was his idea, which I agreed to, but he only came up with the idea because what I had planned was much worse."
Mitch closed his eyes, pressed his thumbs to his temple and shook his head.  "For God's sake, Sophie, slow down and stop speaking in riddles."
She drew in a long deep breath and held it long enough to regain a little composure. "Sorry.  I'm just a little nervous.  It's not every day I discuss my sex life with you."
"Yeah, well, it's no picnic for me either, but somehow my best friend is involved, and I want to know why."
"Okay.  Here's the deal.  I caught my most recent boyfriend with another woman and started to feel a bit down on myself.  I have all these desires and fantasies I wanted to experience and none of my lousy boyfriends seemed interested in helping me out.  So, I decided I was going to look into hiring a service.  Only Logan walked in on my conversation with Kara about it and freaked.  To his credit, he tried to talk me out of it, but you know how I am when I get my mind around something."
Mitch nodded and nearly grinned.  "All too well and I’ll address the whole ‘hiring a service’ thing," he air quoted.  “In a minute.  Go on.”
"Okay.  So, when he realized, I wasn't going to listen, he came up with this other idea instead.  He said if I truly desired a weekend of hedonism, that he wanted to be involved so he could make sure I didn't get hurt."
"He also wanted to get in your pants, Sophie."
She rolled her eyes.  "Well of course he did.  What man wouldn't jump on the opportunity for no strings attached sex?  Besides, the whole sex thing was consensual."
Mitch shook his head.  "No, you don't understand.  He's had a thing for you for years.  That's why I made him promise not to sleep with you.  Logan can be a dog and I didn't want you ending up with a broken heart."
Sophie's pulse increased as Mitch's words took root.  Logan had a thing for her?  So, his offer hadn't been completely on the up and up?
She rose from her chair and crossed the room to where he sat, then placed a hand on his shoulder.  "I appreciate your concern, but I don't have a broken heart.  I made the agreement that nothing more would happen after this weekend, and I intend to keep that promise."
Mitch arched a challenging brow. "You can honestly stand there and tell me you don't have some feelings for Logan now that you've slept with him?"
"Well duh!  Of course, I have feelings for him, but that isn't his fault, Mitch.  It's mine for allowing my emotions to get in the way."
"But Logan knows how emotional you can be.  He should have been more cautious."
"And I should have said no.  As much as you might want to, you can't blame this on Logan.  My situation is of my own making, not his."
Mitch shook his head.  "I'm not going to ask what your motives were for doing something so stupid.  Even I have my limits when it comes to knowing about your sexual dealings."  He looked down at her, a mix of love and concern swirled through his features.  "You had a good set up with Logan, Phia.  I only hope you know what you're doing."
She blew out a long breath.  "You're not the only one."

* * *
It was early Monday afternoon when Logan found himself pacing outside Mitch's office door.  He'd yet to talk to Sophie, so he didn't have any idea how things had gone yesterday, but with his stomach still in knots some twenty-four hours after the incident he knew he couldn't let things lay.  Bolstering his courage, he tapped his knuckles against Mitch's office door.  Mitch looked up from the blueprints he was working on.  "What do you want?"
"I came to talk to you."
Mitch dropped the drawing pencil on the table.  "If you're looking for forgiveness, then you'll be waiting awhile.  Sophie explained everything to me yesterday and while I understand, I still don't approve of what she wanted to do, and I'm still angry you would take advantage of her desperation."
Logan met his friend's dark stare and took a step into the room. "I resent that statement.  What would you have had me do?  You know how when your sister gets her teeth into an idea she doesn't let go."
Mitch scrubbed his hands over his face and leaned back in his chair.  "Yes, I know, but you also know how easily she attaches herself to men.  By sleeping with her you're just setting her up for another broken heart."
"No, I'm not, Mitch and that's part of why I'm here.  Yes, maybe I should have called you when she got this crazy idea, but she is a grown woman who can make her own decisions and I didn't want to risk pissing her off."
Mitch arched a challenging brow. "Better to piss me off?"
"No of course not, but there's more to this story than meets the eye and if you'll just let me explain, I think you'll understand."
"What could you possibly tell me that she hasn't already?"
"I'm in love with your sister."  Logan watched almost amused by the speed at which the emotions passed through Mitch's features.
"You're in love with Sophie?"
Logan nodded.  "I know that must sound ridiculous to you, but it's true."
"What brought this on?  Why now?"
Logan sank down into the cushioned armchair across from Mitch's desk.  "I won't deny that making love to her did have something to do with it, but it was the accident that made me realize my feelings for her."
"So let me get this straight, you whisk my sister away for a weekend of hedonism when she's most vulnerable.  Introduce her to all kinds of twisted shit and now you have the audacity to march yourself into my office and declare your love for her?"
"Look, she was going to do all that shit with or without me.  Wouldn't you rather it be with somebody you know and trust?"
"I'd rather she not do it at all."
Logan frowned at his friends answer.  "She's twenty-six years old, Mitch.  You can't protect her forever."
"I promised my parents I would."
"That was eleven years ago, and you've done a great job, but you can't continue to keep her sheltered."  Logan leaned forward and rested his elbows on Mitch's desk.  "Maybe I overstepped my boundaries, but when I found out what she had planned I simply couldn't stand by and watch her go.  Just the thought of some stranger, who didn't give a damn about her, touching her like that made me want to punch a wall."
Mitch arched a brow at him.  "Then you know how I feel when I find out my best friend is doing it with my sister after he promised he wouldn't."
Logan closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath.  "I understand and I'd probably want to punch Reese if I ever found him with my sister, but this is different."  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box, which he sat on top of Mitch's blueprints.  
Mitch eyed the box warily.  "What's this?"
"Just open it."
Mitch picked up the velvet container and slowly pushed open the lid.  His eyes grew wide, and he looked up at Logan.  "An engagement ring?"
Logan nodded.  "Now do you believe me when I tell you I'm in love with your sister?"
A small smile tugged at Mitch's lips.  "Does Sophie know how you feel about her?"
Logan shook his head.  "No.  So, I'm sure me getting down on one knee and proposing will come as quite a shock."
"I'll say."  Mitch studied the ring then looked back at Logan.  "You're really in love with her?"
Logan nodded.  "I think I have been for a long time, but after the accident the other night, I couldn't deny my feelings any longer.  Those few seconds when I thought I'd lost her were absolutely terrifying and I don't want to feel like that ever again."
Mitch closed the lid and handed the box back to Logan.  "So, is this why you came here?"
"I was hoping to get your blessing before I ask her.  You are my best friend, and your opinion means a lot to me."
"And if I said no?"
"I'd marry her anyway."
Mitch grinned.  "Well, if you can talk her into saying yes, then you have my blessing."
* * *
With his heart in his throat, Logan unlocked the front door and quietly entered the condo.  After picking up his car while she'd been at work, and talking with Mitch, Logan spent the remainder of the day at a local coffee shop, mulling what he was going to say over a large caramel latte.
He'd repeated the phrase over and over in his head until he was positive, he had it memorized.  Now, entering the condo he shared with Sophie he could barely remember his name, let alone what he was going to say.
He closed the door and wiped his palms on the front of his jeans.  Never could he ever remember being this nervous over a woman, at least not since he'd lost his virginity when he was sixteen.  Then, he'd never been in love before.  In love!  It was still weird to think he was in love, but how else could he describe it?  Whenever he tried to picture himself with some other woman it was Sophie's face that continued to plague him.  
Whether she realized it or not, she'd done the one thing no other woman had accomplished.  She'd pushed him to face his fears and showed him he didn't have to walk into the unknown alone.
The sound of a television playing caught his attention and he spotted a flickering light filtering through the partially open door.  With one hand, he palmed the tiny box in his pocket he slowly walked toward her room.  His stomach twisted and lurched and for a second, he swore he'd have to take a detour to the bathroom.  What if she said no?
Could he accept the possibility of looking like a fool if she did?  As far as she was concerned, his proposal would be coming out of nowhere.
His hands shook as he paused in the doorway and stared at her form lying beneath a blanket.  She was on her side facing the television with her back to the door and he couldn't tell if she sleeping.
"Sophie?" He whispered even as second thoughts ran rampant.  He could always wait until morning and make her breakfast in bed instead.
She shifted and looked over her shoulder.  "Hi."
"Hi yourself.  I wasn't sure if you were asleep or not."
She turned onto her back and pushed up against the headboard.  Only then did he see the pink baby doll nightgown she wore.  The low-cut front provided a peek at the luscious curve of her breasts.  Like Pavlov's dogs, Logan's mouth began to water.  After tasting those beautiful mounds, he knew what lay beneath the fabric and wanted nothing more than to see them again.
"I was watching television.  Are you just now getting back?"
He shook his head.  "No, Reese dropped me off around one, but you were at work, and I had some things to do."
"Oh.  I'm sorry about stranding you there.  I thought about coming back, but figured the moment was already passed and decided it would probably be better to come home and start moving on with things."
"Before you do that, I'd like to talk to you about this weekend."
Her look turned somber, and she sifted uncomfortably in the bed.  "Okay.  Is there something wrong?"
"Not exactly."  He sank down onto the mattress next to her.  "I have something to tell you and I'm a little nervous about how you're going to react."
Her eyes widened.  "What is it?"
Facing his first hurtle, he drew in a deep breath and struggled to steady his nerves.  It would probably be best just to blurt it out.  "I'm in love with you."  The words were out of his mouth before he had time to stop them.  He held his breath and waited, while she processed what he'd just said.  Her eyes grew wide when his words finally took root.
"You…me?" she sputtered, apparently too shocked to form a coherent sentence.
He nodded.  "I know. It was a shock for me too.  You know the last thing I wanted to do was fall in love, but that accident Saturday night dealt me a dose of reality I didn't like very much."
She laughed.  "You should have been me.  You know how people say they can see their lives flash before their eyes when they're facing the possibility of death.  Well, they aren't lying."
He scooted closer and stroked a knuckled along her cheek.  "That's exactly what I'm talking about.  For those horrible few seconds when I thought I'd lost you my world stopped spinning.  I couldn't imagine my future without you being part of it."
She raised her hand and placed it over his.  "It was a scary moment for all of us, Logan, but that doesn't mean you're in love with me.  It just means you care."
"Care my ass," he grumbled.  Keeping her head steady with his hand, he leaned into her and brushed his lips over hers.  As small gasp tumbled from her, and Logan couldn't mistake the tiny whimper she made when he pulled away.
He smiled.  "Tell me you don't feel it too and I'll turn around walk out of your room and never mention it again."
Her gaze fell to the blanket covering her legs.  "How do we know this isn't just lust perpetuated by good sex?"  She shook her head.  "I can't so easily admit to something that may very well break my heart, Logan.  I know you'd never mean to, but what happens when what you think is love wears off and you want to move on?  It’s bad enough I already caused a rift between you and Mitch. I'm not willing to risk our friendship too."
The fact she hadn't come right out and said she didn't love him told Logan exactly what he needed to know.  She was just as scared as he was, and it was time to play his hole card.
"Well maybe this will convince you otherwise."  He reached into his pocket and pulled out at small black velvet box.  "You give me hope that maybe my future is brighter than I think it is.  You understand and support me in ways no one else can.  Being with you this weekend has made me realize I've never felt that way about anybody else,” he took a breath, “and I meant it when I said I love you, Sophie.  Will you marry me?"
For several long seconds he felt as though he'd been caught in one of the Matrix movies and time was moving in slow motion.  Her eyes grew glassy as she stared, mouth agape, at the single carat diamond marquee set on a platinum band he'd chosen.  
"What about Mitch?" she squeaked even as tears slowly began to trickle down her cheeks.  "I don't want to come between you two anymore than I already have."
"I already spoke to Mitch about my intentions, and he's given me his blessing, but it's your answer that means the most to me.  So, what do you say?"
Her lips tipped into a smile as she slowly nodded her answer.  "I love you, Logan I really do, but I never imagined you felt the same way about me."
Her words rang in his hears like music for his wounded soul.  His future appeared to be unfolding in front of him and as scary as that prospect was, it was also exhilarating. Logan nearly dropped the ring trying to pull it from the box and place it on her finger.  
She laughed.  "Your hands are shaking."
He grinned.  "That's because I was scared as hell that you were going to say no."
She looked up at him, her smile fading away even as tears continued to escape.  "How could I possibly say no to the man who is giving me such a promising future?"
He cupped her face with both hands and kissed her hard. She snaked her arm around his neck and her tongue darted out to tease his mouth.  He groaned, and leaned forward, sending her backwards onto the bed.  "You drive me crazy with desire."
She smiled.  "So, act on that desire. Get rid of these clothes and make love to me."
Reluctant to break contact, but desperate to feel himself buried between her sweet thighs, Logan let go and stood to shuck out of his clothing as quickly as possible.  Never again would he have to share her with another man.  From this point forward, her pretty pussy would belong entirely to him, and he couldn't wait to feel her love wrapped around him again.
Before he could rejoin her, she moved onto all fours and reached for his cock.  The moment her silky hand closed over his hardening flesh Logan's brain began to shut down, eliminate all rational thought and allowing his senses to take over.  She squeezed and stroked the length of him, causing his balls to draw tight against his body and he jerked in her hand.  A couple more movements like that and he'd be coming like a pimple faced teenage schoolboy.
That wasn't how he wanted tonight to end.  No, if he had his way, he'd be making love to his fiancé well into the wee hours of the morning and then again tomorrow night and every night thereafter.  He grabbed her hand stilling her motions.
Her gaze flicked upward, meeting his stare, and showering him with a look of innocence that hit him square in the chest.  "Is everything all right?"
She really didn't have any idea of the power she held over him.  "Everything is fine.  I just don't want to come yet and if you keep stroking me like that, this will end before it starts.  Now why don't you lay back and let me at that gorgeous pussy of yours."
Her face flushed a bright red and she eased back against the pillow before shimming out of her panties.  She tossed the tiny pink thong to the side and let her knees fall open, giving him the view, he'd asked for.
The evidence of her desire slicked through her folds and unbelievably, his dick reacted at the sight, lengthening even more, straining upward against his abdomen.  As much as he wanted to taste her sweet nectar, that would have to wait for later, right now, he had an itch and she was the only one who could scratch it.
Logan nestled between her legs.  Poised at her entrance he paused as he realized the mistake he was about to make and resisted the urge to groan in frustration.
Sophie wrinkled her nose and her brow knit in confusion. "Is there a problem?"
"Yeah, I don't have any condoms here.  I took the only box I had to the beach house and stupid me, I left them behind."
"So?"
"So?  Honey, do you really want to run the risk of getting pregnant right now?  I mean I know you want babies.  I do too." He paused when she smiled up at him knowingly.  "If you say I told you so, I'll flip you over my knee and spank that gorgeous ass of yours."
Her brows rose.  "Promise?" she asked, the tone of her voice sounding just a bit too hopeful.
He moaned and dropped to his elbows to plant a kiss on her lips.  "For my own good I'm going to ignore that statement and ask once again, how are we going to address the no condom issue."
Her brow smoothed over and her smile remained.  "You are going to make love to me until I scream your name and if I should get pregnant in the process, then we call it God's will."
"Not that I'm against any part of that plan in particular, because I'm pretty sure my boys are going to declare mutiny if I don't make love to you soon, but won't being pregnant screw up your wedding plans?"
She laughed and Logan couldn't help the confused look on his face.  "I asked you a serious legitimate question and you're laughing.  Why?"
"I'm laughing because I don't have any grand wedding plans.  In all the years I've been looking for a husband, I just wanted to be married, not go through the minutia of planning some grandiose wedding just to please who…Mitch?"
He arched a curious brow at her.  "Isn't it every girls dream to have the perfect wedding?"
She shook her head.  "I don't care about the wedding, Logan.  All I care about is you and the life we're going to make together."
"So, you're saying you don't want the big wedding with tons of flowers and fifteen bridesmaids?"
She laughed again.  "I want to be Ms. Logan Rutledge and whatever path gets me there the quickest is the one I want to take."
Practical and a sex kitten, Logan knew there was a reason he'd fallen in love with her. "Well then, what do you say to a long weekend in Vegas, say about a month from now?"
"I say it's perfect and, in the morning, I'll get started with all the reservations and such, but for now." She reached between them and stroked his shaft, reminding him of what they were about to do.  "We have more pressing issues to address."
