Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital A Journey Through Hell

L.A.A. Law
Smashwords Edition
©2011; Edited © 2013 by L.A.A. Law


Discover other titles by L.A.A. Law at smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/loricurious123
https://smashwords.com/b/338958


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by a means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be scanned uploaded or distributed via the Internet or any other means, electronic or print without the publisher’s permission.


This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictionally and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events or organizations is entirely coincidental.
Inside Cover - Synopsis

After traveling a long, sorrowful, and difficult path, Mia and Andrew finally forged a bridge across the chasm and are planning a quiet Christmas Eve wedding where they can begin their happily ever after. 
The love and personal growth which spawned Mia through her most difficult journey gives her confidence to handle the newest puzzling patient to enter Sanctuary Hospital. Little does she know that getting involved with this patient will nearly end her existence. 
Waking up after being thrown down a gorge by a vindictive demon shrouded in the embodiment of this tormented young girl leaves Mia, isolated, alone and facing a world without Andrew, without the twins and without the assistance of most of her new found family, who have been ripped away while she was fighting her way back from an unconscious abyss.
As she struggles to find the strength to forge ahead and pick up the remnants of her shattered life, in hopes of salvaging her eternity and reuniting with the soul of her lost love in the afterlife, demonic forces seek to force her further into a desolate existence of despair in hopes of clouding her vision and giving the dark abyss the soul it has been craving. 


Table Of Contents

Chapter One Weeks of Waiting
Chapter Two The Return
Chapter Three Daniela Arrives
Chapter Four Strange Reveals
Chapter Five Increasing Suspicions
Chapter Six Strange Dreams Reveal Hidden Powers
Chapter Seven A Desolate Awakening
Chapter Eight My Journey Into Hell
Chapter Nine Emergence From The Ashes
Chapter Ten New Revelations
Chapter Eleven A Troubled Journey
Chapter Twelve A Tragedy Avoided, A New Power Revealed
Chapter Thirteen Rediscoveries
Chapter Fourteen An Unforeseen Journey
Chapter Fifteen Beginning My New Life

Synopsis Night Of The Hidden Shadows
Chapter One Weeks Of Waiting

We always knew that he would retaliate for the souls and lives he could never again control, but no one expected that it would begin with the desecration of innocent civilians and a priest who did nothing more than to tell Andrew the Brazilian hospital had not collapsed. Sanctuary has been bustling since the first plea for help came in from a staff member at the Brazilian hospital that was inundated with severely burned, maimed, and permanently scarred victims of vampiric demon attacks.
Handing Catherine a message that Andrew asked me to deliver from Gabriel who cut his honeymoon short to see if he could find father Montague who disappeared going for help and supplies as soon as the first village was set on fire and the straggling victims sought sanctuary at the hospital, I hear the pleas of the Brazilian administrator who’s sure that the world is collapsing around them and demons from hell have escaped their confines to claim all those who survived.
“You don’t understand we need help here! We are barricaded in and are afraid to open our doors. We are surrounded by lights, bright white and red. People are still screaming for help, but our supplies are almost gone, the patients are disfigured in ways you cannot imagine, their burns are like nothing we have ever seen before and our medicines are not working on them. Father Montague has to be dead. Stop looking for him and get us some help!”
Catherine scans the letter. “Father Montague is alive. I just got word that they found him in the hills. They are on their way.”
“They need to get here soon. We can’t keep order here much longer. Food is running out, supplies are scarce, but worse yet, people are panicking. We have three pregnant women whose babies are growing at unprecedented rates. We think that they are carrying something inhuman. The women say they were attacked by a demon who swore he would return for his demon spawns. If they give birth, we are through! You have to help us, please!”
Catherine hands me the note which indicates that they did find father Montague, but that he was hiding after being attacked by demons for fear he would carry on the carnage ripping through the jungle. He too is now part of the walking dead.
Returning to Andrew’s office, his wild pacing puts tracks in the floor, while Gabriel’s voice echoes over the speaker phone. “I have friends here already. You can do more by waiting until our friends there are ready to go and coordinate everyone on the plane so they hit the ground running. We need you to set this up right and determine who will stay and maintain a helpful presence here when we have to return home.”
“I don’t like leaving you and Martina exposed!”
“We aren’t exposed. We have help. Their attacks have subsided, at least around the hospital area. We need you more to heal the survivors and instruct those who will be staying. The ones with me must return to their duties elsewhere and we need to investigate the women’s claims of this incubus.”
I can’t believe there are others like the St. Clouds. As Andrew hangs up, I take his hands. “Gabriel will be alright.”
“You’re right. I know the ones he called in are very strong.” His worry is palpable. I try to distract him.
“I thought your situation is unique. Are there others who were born of unions between angels and demons?”
Despite his anxiety, he smiles. “I don’t believe so, but we are not the only ones who strive to overcome our dark existence. We have come across many who despite this dark conversion fight against their core nature to help instead of giving the darkness one more soul to claim. An immortal existence can become extremely lonely and isolation breeds temptation, so we band together and assist each other when needed.”
Listening to Andrew, I wonder how large of a subculture affects our lives in ways we’re totally oblivious to. “Is there anything that I can do to help?”
“I need to make a few calls. Can you let Damian and Jackson know that we will leave in a few hours?”
“Sure” I turn to leave, but he pulls me into his chest.
“I’m sorry I have to go, but I can’t leave Gabriel to handle this alone. We will be home soon.” His voice is somber.
“Don’t apologize, I understand. I never want the darkness to win. Just please promise me something.”
“Anything”
“Promise me that you will take extra special care of the man I love and come back to me in one piece.”
“Haven’t you heard that we’re indestructible?” His voice sounds unconcerned.
The dark vision of the Nicholas side of Andrew lying on the ground dying in my arms creeps into my conscious and I know he isn’t quite correct. “Andrew, please just promise me.”
As if pulling this vision directly from my deepest fears, his voice turns reassuring. “Mia, I promise, but really, don’t worry. Gabriel hasn’t seen any of the demons like we saw in the woods around since he found father Montague. Only our kind remains and they can be handled by the ones whose help we are enlisting.” He chuckles.
“Like that is supposed to make me feel better!” My voice sounds more anxious than I desire.
He sits, cradling me in his lap. “Mia, I promise you, we will be fine. We have dealt with similar situations before. Our friends are very strong. There is nothing that can keep me from marrying you this Christmas. I love you. Besides, you’re just not fast enough to avoid Nicholas’ geysers.” He laughs and so do I.
“I’ll tell Damian and Jackson.”
When he enters the suite, he appears calmer. “Did you reach everyone?”
“Yes.” He sits down. Knowing how much I’ll miss him, I memorize every fleck of his sparkling eyes and every chiseled feature of his sculpted face. Embracing me tightly, he caresses my shoulders and neck with his smooth porcelain lips causing my heart to pound hyperactively as blood courses through my veins like wild flowing rapids of a river.
Jackson is at the door. Andrew hugs me fiercely. “I love you. I’ll be back before the next full moon. We can camp at the cabin.” He kisses me passionately.
“I love you too. Be careful.” Turning to Jackson, “You be careful too.” They both chuckle and are out the door. It’s going to be a very long few weeks.
Too keyed up to sleep not knowing what kind of danger they will be facing half a world away, the walls suddenly seem to be closing in on me. I head downstairs, deciding to take the twins out. Eva strolls in.
“Where are you going this late?”
“I need some air and thought we would take a stroll.”
“Would you mind company?”
“Did Andrew tell you to babysit me?” I joke.
“Of course not, I could use the distraction too.” She takes Kayla whose arms are outstretched.
Eva appears distracted. “Eva, I know Andrew was downplaying what is going on. Are they facing as much danger as we did in the woods that night?”
She stops. “Do you really think I would let them go without us, if they couldn’t handle it? We called in some very powerful vampires to help. They’ll be fine.” She replies confidently while assessing my face. “Mia, is something else bothering you?”
“Has Andrew said anything to you about how he is doing with everything that happened that night? I know he thinks about how he saw himself warring in Nicholas and to see him disappear, but actually be a part of Andrew I can’t imagine how he would be fine with that. I’m afraid he doesn’t want to tell me he’s struggling.”
Her face turns thoughtful. “Mia, you have to understand, Andrew feels responsible for what he did to you. Although he understands Gabriel’s argument that you were already targeted, he feels guilty for bringing you into our surreal existence. He doesn’t want to keep the two of you bogged down in what happened. He wants to move forward. He loves you and knows how much you risked, lost and could have lost if you hadn’t found the key to free our entrapped souls.”
“He shouldn’t feel guilty. I want to be with him, even if there was never a chance of freeing my soul. What can I do to help him?”
“You need to give him time. Even though logically, he understands that Nicholas goes on in him and for us to be free, he was the one who had to survive, he still feels responsible for whatever vessel got destroyed after being continuously manipulated by the other part of his soul.”
“I don’t understand.”
“When they separated Andrew’s soul, they needed a vessel to hold it, so someone was forever altered to carry out the elaborate plan and Andrew struggles because he has no idea if the original vessel was demonic or not. He worries that someone may be suffering because of him. Then to have you engulfed in this is sometimes too much for him. He always expected to watch you grow from the sidelines only.”
“I’m grateful to be with him, despite everything that happened. I love him more than anything.”
“He knows, but even with five hundred years to try and wrap his mind around all that surrounds us, he finds this new twist difficult. Give him time to deal with it, that’s all he needs.”
“Eva, Andrew spoke of having others stay at the hospital, are all helpful vampires in the medical field?”
She laughs. “No, but the field does make securing blood supplies much easier. When I was in Boston, Jason who was watching over you and working in the morgue was always extremely helpful. Do you remember him?”
I met him once when I was delivering papers there, but it never dawned on me until now that he had the same complexion as Eva. “Yes”
“Andrew is taking him over to help with father Montague. He was in charge of the Vatican Library before being turned, is very sympathetic, and may be our best chance of convincing father Montague that he can still stay on the side of good, despite what he is now.”
Despite the late hour, we return to the suite and go over files to determine coverage for our missing family members. Eva’s phone rings moments before mine.
“Mia” Hearing his voice sends my heart pounding. “We are boarding now; we have plenty of help so promise me you won’t worry.”
I don’t want him distracted. “I have every confidence in you. I love you.”
His voice turns tender. “I love you too and miss you. Go to sleep, it’s late. Tell Eva to leave, kick her out if necessary.” He chuckles.
“I can’t she’s my superior.” I joke as she winks at me.
Eva rises. “Get some sleep. Tomorrow, I’ll introduce you to a friend of ours that will be helping out.” By the way she says “friend,” I know it’s another of them. “Lucas is a physician Serena came across in Florida. He called to let us know he heard about what is going on and that he needs to transfer out anyway so he’ll take over Andrew’s patients.”
“Eva, are all of your friends physicians?”
 “No” She chuckles. “When our kind decides to help, we do pick professions which allow easy access to records or those in need. If I wasn’t a physician, I would never have the authority to help heal and transfer those who we are trying to help. We have also come across some immortals who join the medical profession hoping to one day find a solution to our existence, a way to reverse immortality and become human again. I have to get a few things settled before Lucas arrives.”
Curling up on the couch, I fall into a restless sleep as images of Andrew surrounded by darkness and danger bombard my drifting consciousness. Kayla screams, my eyes flutter open and Jonathan is standing before me. My heart is pounding in my ears as I prepare to ram him hoping to grab the children and get to help before he destroys me but as I thrust myself forward, I go through him. Feeding Kayla, I wait for Jeffers so I can start rounds. To my surprise, Suzanne walks in. “What are you doing here?”
“Eva flew us out. She said you were short-handed because of an emergency.”
I hug her. “Thank you for coming.”
“Are you kidding, we love spending time with our grandchildren. Martin is just getting the bags. Go to work and I’ll take care of Nicholas and Kayla.”
Although the other patients are doing well, Stephanie struggles with Marcus’ death. Finishing our session, my blackberry vibrates. Knowing Eva is in the terminal building, I head there. She’s speaking with a tall blonde gentleman with pale features. As I approach, I hear Eva, “Here’s Mia. She joined our staff and will be joining our family soon.” She winks at me.
I hold out my hand. “It’s a pleasure meeting you.”
“The pleasure is mine” He shakes my hand firmly. I’m surprised by his English accent. “I hear that you did more damage to the dark forces in a few short months than I have done in over a thousand years.” He states matter of fact.
My mouth falls open. I turn to Eva. “Serena told him why the Brazilian hospital was targeted. He requested that you show him around.”
I can’t understand why he wants me and not Serena, but I nod. “Where would you like to start?”
“Are there any patients Andrew is watching closely? I know he keeps most of the information in his head.” He chuckles.
“No. I can show you his records and that may give you a better indication of what is going on.”
Eva interrupts. “I will leave him with you. I need to consult on the girl in California. We’ve run into a slight hold up.” She exits quickly.
After showing him our new system, I notice the time. “If you are all set here, I’m going to check on my twins.”
“May I come with you and maybe you can show me where they keep the blood supply?”
I blink realizing this is a faction of Andrew’s life I never witnessed. “We can stop and ask Eva on the way.” At the administration building, I watch Eva lead him to a cold storage unit on the upper floor. My stomach lurches at the thought of what he’s doing before he re-emerges. I turn, unsure of my facial expression. We walk over to the suite.
“Serena’s right” he smiles looking at the twins playing. “They are charming”
As we cross the courtyard, I see William and John and introduce Lucas. “John and William, this is Lucas…”
“Lucas Masters” He smiles.
As they chat, my telephone rings. Seeing the caller ID, my heart beats wildly. Excusing myself, I see Lucas smirk. “Andrew, how is everything down there? Are you alright?”
His voice sounds weary, probably from healing those afflicted. “We are fine. There is some undesired activity, but we are eradicating the problem.” His tone turns menacing, but then he pauses and it becomes soft. “Mia, don’t worry. The ones down here are not like those we encountered in the woods. I promise everything is fine, I will be home soon so you can curl up to your Stonehenge.” I laugh at his bad joke. “Did you get any sleep last night?
“Not as good as when I’m cuddling with my rock.”
“Have Martin and Suzanne arrived?”
“Yes, I suspect that it was really you who sent for them.”
“I just wanted to make it easier. Has Lucas arrived?”
“Yes, he is with me now. We just finished going over the files and I am going to introduce him to your patients. Would you like to talk to him?”
“No. Don’t let him shock you, he likes to get a rise out of people, but he is a good guy. I have to go. I’ll call you soon. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
Hanging up, Lucas is next to me. “Does your heart always react so wildly when you speak to him?” He chortles.
“That’s rather private.” I flush.
“Would you deny me the pleasure of living vicariously through you?” He mock punches my arm.
Could he be any more of a jerk? The uncharitable thought quickly dissipates as a forlorn look crosses his features and I realize he’s lonely. “Yes, I do happen to react that way all the time.”
“Andrew is very lucky. It has been a very long time since I made anyone’s heart beat stronger.” His features turn solemn.
After introducing Lucas to all of Andrew’s patients, I catch Serena coming down the hall and turn to Lucas. “If you’ll excuse me, I have to check with the kitchen staff regarding dinner. I’ll leave you and Serena to catch up.”


Chapter Two The Return

The weeks drag without Andrew. After the twin’s midnight feeding, I go to pick vegetables for tomorrow. Taking the basket to the kitchen, my telephone rings.
“Mia, we’re heading home. I can’t wait to see you. I love you!”
“I love you too. I’ve missed you. Is everything alright down there?”
“Everything is settling down. Father Montague is working with Jason, we have some friends who will remain to deal with the loose ends and the incubus hasn’t shown himself since our arrival. If they need us, we’ll return, but for now, everyone is anxious to get back. I have to check in. I’ll see you soon.”
Whirling around the kitchen, I crash into Lucas who is sporting a smug smile. “By the way your heart is pounding you must have spoken to Andrew.”
“They’re coming home!”
“That explains why your heart is beyond hyperactive.” He smiles. “Shouldn’t you be sleeping?”
I find it hard to sleep when he’s away. I’m surprised to see you here.”
“I was just roaming. Did they finally hire someone who could cook?” His expression appears as if I’m missing something funny.
“Gabriel does the cooking.”
His boisterous laughter echoes throughout the room. “You can’t be serious! The smell doesn’t sicken him?”
“No, he is a very good cook.”
“Sure, for someone who doesn’t have to eat it,” he smirks.
“Did Andrew ever tell you that he almost burnt this place down when he had kitchen duty? I would have thought after that, they’d hire a professional.”
“Were you here when that happened?” I inquire surprised.
“Oh yes! He nearly scared me to death and that is quite hard to do.” He snickers.
I laugh. “I should really get back.” I turn to leave.
As we walk back, I notice a strange look come across Lucas’ face. “Can I ask you something Mia?”
“I don’t see why not.”
“When Andrew told you what he is, why didn’t you run?”
His question surprises me, but there’s something in his tone, a longing or searching and I wonder if he once told someone what he is and they ran, never looking back. “Andrew didn’t tell me when I first came. I figured out certain things on my own which forced the issue.”
He continues staring. “Yes, but when he confirmed he is a monster, what kept you here?”
His comment assures me my assumption was correct. “He’s not a monster and you shouldn’t consider yourself one either. I don’t know how this was thrust upon you, but listening to Andrew’s story and how they fought to turn away from the darkness, I could never look upon him as anything but wonderful.”
“You are as remarkable as Serena said.” We reach the residency. “I know it’s late, but could I ask you something else?”
“Sure, just let me open my door so I can hear the twins if they stir.” I sit next to him on the steps.
“Would your opinion change if Andrew had gotten involved with someone and agreed to the conversion?”
Thinking about it, I have to ask. “Would he still be trying to help others or would he be giving into his nature?”
“He would still be the same.”
“Then no, it wouldn’t change my opinion of him. Did someone convince you to change?”
His eyes turn distant. “It was a very long time ago. I was in London. My family attended a noble wedding. Every member was extraordinarily beautiful, you couldn’t help but stare. Their youngest daughter asked me to dance. She was so engaging and intelligent. I courted her. On our wedding night she revealed what she was. I loved her and wanted to stay with her always so I agreed to the transformation. We lived with her family isolated on their vast estate. What I didn’t realize was how ruthless they were. One day, they brought a local family that was indebted to them to the grounds. We traveled to the remotest part of the land. I thought they were going to make them work it. As the sun set, they gave them thirty minutes before David said we would begin hunting them down. The father tried to fight, but David bit him immediately. The rest of the family fed upon him while his wife and children fled screaming.” From his tortured expression, he is back there. “I wanted to die. I wished they were feeding upon me instead! Andrea pushed me forward yelling for me to hunt the little girl since I didn’t feed upon the father. She went after a young boy. I found the girl and began running. She begged me all the way to France not to kill her. I would have let her go alone, but she was so traumatized and there was something in her eyes that compelled me to make sure she was safe.” He inhales deeply. “My family had distant relatives who owned a large estate. We hid in one of their remote cottages. When the spring came, the workers who lived within the estate walls in winter returned, so we hid until I could determine which ones might be alone. After a week, I found a woman and her son working the field, the mother was encouraging the boy to work hard to help her hold on to the land. Her unshed tears told me, her husband had died. Elizabeth and I approached them, seeking work in exchange for food. We even brought seeds.” His features lighten. “They were grateful for the extra help and even took Elizabeth in to rest in the evenings while I worked in town. Then came the night of the storm, returning home, I heard Elizabeth’s blood curdling scream and rushed inside. She was dreaming of the hunt. After she fell back to sleep, Florence and I began talking. We forged a friendship. I grew fond of Nathan. We were like a family. One night, Florence took my hand and feeling how cold it was she became concerned. I tried to lie but couldn’t. I should have read how much I frightened her, but thought she realized I wasn’t a danger. That night, I went to work and she fled, leaving me a note begging me not to come and find them. I tracked them and even gave money to another nobleman to give them shelter. I continued paying him and watching over them from afar. One night Florence caught me. I promised I would not interfere. She married the next year and I came to the New World.”
His features twist in anguish. Reaching out, I stroke his hand. “Lucas, I’m sorry for what happened to you. Have you been alone since?”
“I have made friends, but knowing the creature I am and the reaction of all who realize what we are, I stay distant from humans.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“I’m fine. It’s just that your willingness to accept Andrew and his family is unbelievable. He is very lucky. I guess I’m a little jealous.” He chuckles.
The door opens, the sun’s shining. “What are you two doing up so early?” Eva inquires.
“I became so engaged in Lucas’s story, I lost track of time. I should get inside.” Thankfully everyone is still asleep. I take a quick shower.
By noontime, I enter Andrew’s office to make the arrangements with the mortician to get Mrs. Grey’s body home and my eyelids droop as I prepare the death certificate. The most perfect, cool lips brush across mine, waking me from my unintended slumber, and sending my heart into the stratosphere. My eyes flutter open to meet Andrew’s magnificent ocean blue stare. Jumping up, I wrap my arms around him. “You’re home!”
Kissing me, he pulls me flush against his torso. My pulse quickens, sending shivers of desire like jolts of live electrical current shooting into my nervous system. Moving my hands to his glorious face, I can’t believe I’m not dreaming.
Drawing his perfect lips across my jawline, he whispers in my ear. “I missed you. I’m so happy to be home!”
“I’m so glad you came home.” I respond breathlessly.
Drawing back, he stares into my eyes. “You look tired. What happed, your rock leaves and you resort to sleeping in his chair?” He chuckles.
“No, Lucas and I were talking. I lost track of time. Did everyone come home?”
“Everyone but Gabriel and Martina, they went to pick up the girl in California.” He cradles my head in his strong hands. “Have I told you how much I love you?”
Snuggling into his taut chest, “You have, but you could say it as much as you like. I never get tired of hearing your voice.”
Softly brushing my ear with his porcelain lips, “I love you.” His lips lock with mine, possessing me, consuming me. I have to break free and take a breath, “What would you say to taking the twins and spending the night at the cabin?”
The thought is beyond appealing, but I don’t want to hamper his work. “Don’t you have things to catch up on?” Brushing my fingertips across his chest and down his muscular abdomen, he shivers. I want to launch myself at him; I’ve missed him so, but lock my muscles in place.
“I need to spend some time with you. Eva and Jackson are going tomorrow because she needs to await Gabriel’s call.” He unleashes the full power of his persuasive eyes and sultry voice upon me, as if I need persuasion.
As the hot August sun sets, the flowers and multi-hued leaves adorning the trees glisten from the afternoon rainfall. Andrew, the twins and I enjoy a twilight picnic by the lake. The air is warm and sky is blanketed with beautiful, varying shades of gray pierced only by the waning pink cirrus clouds. The twins crawl on the blanket while Andrew caresses my bare back sending shivers of desire down my spine. Kissing me tenderly, my heart soars.
Nicholas cries and rubs his eyes. Andrew scoops him up and he quiets immediately. It’s strange, but we are becoming a real family. The children respond so favorably to Andrew and it’s obvious that he and his family love them. I allow Kayla to crawl around as I gather everything. Lifting her, Andrew shifts a now sleeping Nicholas into one arm.
We place them in their portable crib. “Can I get you anything?”
Wrapping my arms around him, I grin slyly. “That depends,”
“On what”
“Is one of your special gifts the ability to turn today into Christmas Eve so you and I would already be married?” I snuggle into his masculine chest, running my fingers down his torso suggestively.
His lips brush across my bare shoulders and caress my neck causing me to shiver. As his lips move to mine, I feel his smile against my lips. “If you don’t want to wait and see the surprises I have arranged…” My eager lips interrupt him. My breathing is erratic. My heart pounds fiercely in my ears. As his lips retreat, he takes a deep breath.
Knowing he’s made special arrangements and not wanting to disappoint him, I smile. “Andrew the best things in life are worth waiting for and since you are the best person to ever grace my life, you are definitely worth the wait. I love you.”
His smile is blinding. “I love you too. I’m sorry I was away so long, but we wanted to make sure everything was stable before leaving father Montague.
“Don’t apologize. I understand what you do is very important. I don’t want the darkness to win either.”
Lifting me, he swings me around. “How did I get so blessed?”
“Maybe it is because of who your father is,” I smile.
He laughs quietly, then puts me down and opens the Jacuzzi door. The butterflies in my stomach flutter furiously. Moving to our case, he pulls out my black bathing suit, but I have my blue.
He’s chuckling as his fingertips gently move down to my hand gripping the suit, while his lips gently nuzzle my ear. “Mia, I have been without you for three weeks and I must admit,” he tries to sound contrite, but his sultry voice betrays him “it was the image of you in this which got me though all of the peril.”
My hyperactive heart cannot deny him anything. I take the suit making a mock “humph” before entering the bathroom. Coming out, I see a flicker from the Jacuzzi room. His glorious face is alight with the soft glow from the small candles. He looks so relaxed, stretched out in the water with his muscular arms folded behind his head. As his sparking, sapphire eyes meet mine, my heart stops. Standing up, he helps me in.
As our fingers intertwine, I know I am home and he is the one my soul has always searched for. I feel whole and right for the first time.
His cool porcelain lips brush my shoulder. “Thank you.”
“For what” Desire turns my response breathless.
“Staying with me, fighting for me and loving me despite everything I put you through and the creature I still am. Mia, when I was away, I realized how lonely my life was before you and how truly blessed I am that you have the strength to stay.” As we sit, his stare turns intense. “For the first time, I really understand the loneliness that engulfed the hearts of my siblings and compelled them to risk loving someone despite what could have happened. I understand now what Eva meant when she said she lost herself sending Jackson away. When I was there, the emptiness I felt stretched out like an endless abyss of forever night blanketing my very being. His free hand brushes my cheek. “You truly are my sight, my heart and my life and I will forever be yours.”
Freeing my hands, I hold firm his glorious chiseled cheeks. “That’s good because I have no intention of ever letting you go. You are my better half Andrew and I could never be whole without you. When you were away, the best part of me was absent. I’ve loved you since the moment I first laid eyes on you and I don’t mean when I came here. I always knew a piece of me was missing. I tried to convince myself it was because I was the lesser half of a twin, but I realized when I came here it was because I was missing you.”
Wrapping his arms around me, he crushes me to his taut chest. Kissing me passionately, our connection, our need to be together intensifies, it’s overwhelming. I could stay locked in his embrace forever and still it would not feel long enough. All too soon, our foreheads are touching as we work on slowing our breathing.
Changing, we sit on the porch. Curling up to him, I close my eyes, perfectly content to be in the arms of the most wonderful man, serenaded by crickets, surrounded by the warm night air.
When Eva comes back the following day, I learn about our newest addition.
“Daniela is twenty. Her family was taken one by one over the last six months in a strange series of events. Her parents died first in a mysterious home invasion, practically decapitated, but nothing or no-one else was touched. Daniela and her uncle were raising her four younger siblings until both were institutionalized after the last child died. Cynthia was attacked by a creature that bit her in their home and threw her out the window. A flash of light allowed Daniela to escape only to find her sister lying dead on the pavement. The police ruled it a suicide. The uncle tried to get the family away. He rented a boat, but their trip ended in tragedy. Daniela claimed that two women appeared out of nowhere on deck. They flew at the boys and tossed them around as if they were rag dolls, knocking Daniela into the mast. When she regained consciousness, her brothers were gone, her uncle was unconscious hanging over the hull, and her little sister was asleep. The coast guard found the boys’ mutilated bodies two days later and noted in a report that sharks got them after they fell overboard. Sara was grabbed when heading for the car while her uncle was paying a restaurant bill. Daniela was found gripping Sara’s body crying. Her neck had been snapped. After that, Daniela and her uncle were hospitalized.”
“Do we know why she was targeted?”
“No, but from the continuous attacks, she needs to be here. Maybe when she arrives, Andrew or Gabriel can offer a better perspective. She doesn’t talk much and the records seem sketchy.”
“Is the uncle coming as well?”
“No, the attacks were never when he was present.”
When Daniela arrives, Eva settles her while I take the other sessions. Seeing Gabriel, I stop. “How was your honeymoon before the craziness?”
Leaning down, he kisses my cheek. “It was absolutely magical. I felt so lost without her. I finally feel complete again and looking into her eyes, I think I make her happy.”
“I know you do. Where is she?”
“She’s unpacking, but will meet me in the kitchen later. I hear that is the one area that didn’t run as efficiently in our absence.”
I can’t help but laugh. “How were things in Brazil when you left?”
We settled things quite a bit and father Montague seems better. He isn’t happy with his new existence, but I think he understands he can still serve the side of good. Some of our friends are remaining and we’ll return if the need arises.”
“What about our newest patient, are you able to discern what happened to her family and why she is targeted?”
“No, it’s the strangest thing but I can’t seem to get a read on her and it’s not as if her mind is going too fast, it’s just blocked. Maybe once she’s settled in I will have a better result.”
Finishing up with the records, I hear someone clearing his throat. “Are you ready to go home beautiful? I’m sure Martin and Susanne could use some quiet time.”
Closing my computer, I move toward him. Taking my hand, he brushes his perfect lips across mine causing my now heated blood to rush through my veins. The stars shining brightly against the blackened sky clue me in to how late it is. Martin, Suzanne and the twins are eating, so Andrew runs to his room to change and I do the same. Coming out, Suzanne is about to remove the dishes from the table. “I’ll take care of this. I’m so sorry, I was late today, I lost track of time.”
Martin touches my shoulder. “Don’t apologize, we know how important your work is and we are here to help.”
Andrew returns as I’m bathing the twins. “Have you had an opportunity to see Daniela?”
“I stopped by briefly, but Eva was still getting her settled and she appeared uncomfortable when I entered, so I left.”
“Did you get a chance to see anything around her?”
He pauses. “It’s the strangest thing, I thought I saw a flash at first, but then when she looked up at me, I saw brightness around her.”
“What type of flash?”
“I could have just caught a glimpse of the sun streaming through the window. It was so fast, I can’t be sure.”
After putting the twins to sleep, he takes my hand. “Would you like to watch some television?”
“No, I don’t think so.” I run my fingertips down the front of his t-shirt. It’s nice to see him shiver considering I can’t even keep my breathing steady whenever he touches me.
“What would you like to do?” His lips began sweeping down my neck softly.
I can barely speak as desire ignites within me. When he finally releases me, “I realized while you were away, how much I don’t know about the other people in your life.”
“We have come in contact with quite a few people since our conversion. Lucas came to us as Serena’s friend. He was with us in the thirties. He is quite a character, but underneath, there is a sadness which never leaves him. Jason was in Boston with you, watching over you before Eva’s arrival. In his life, he was a Vatican seminarian in charge of the archives. We ran into him in Italy. We intervened in his attack but were too late to stop his conversion. We took him back with us and helped him learn how to blend and live without killing humans. He is the one who set up the library in the terminal building. While in Brazil, we enlisted the assistance of the one known among our kind as the traveler, Reginald Smythe. He is one of the oldest vampires I know and travels the globe trying to ensure that those of similar mindset are aware of each other and those who would try to change our course. He is our record keeper of sorts.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“His brain is like a computer. Before he was changed, he had a photographic memory and has been able to maintain all the knowledge of everything he sees and hears. You can ask him anything and he gives you a lesson you will never forget. It is rumored that he now puts his knowledge on keys so that if he is destroyed, the information he’s gathered won’t be lost, but no one knows for sure where he keeps them or who he has given the keys to.”
I remember Andrew mentioning a Reginald before. “Is Reginald the one you thought could help us with answering questions as to our shared visions?”
“Yes” He appears to be contemplating something.
“What did he say?”
“He said he hadn’t heard of that happening to our kind.” I can hear a “but” that is unspoken.
“Andrew, what aren’t you telling me?”
He sighs. “He didn’t say anything else, but for the first time, I felt as if he was holding something back on me.”
My eyes flutter. Lifting me into his arms, he carries me into the bedroom. “I know you didn’t sleep much while I was away. Get some rest.” I snuggle into his side. “I missed this,” he whispers, kissing my head.
“I missed you.” I drift to sleep.
Waking early, Andrew looks distracted. “Are you alright?”
“I have never been better now that I am home with you.” He kisses the top of my head as I crawl into his lap, wrapping my arms around his neck.
“Thank you for coming home. I was so worried. I prayed that you had not been given to me just to be taken away. I know you said everything was fine, but at night, I had the most horrific nightmares.” One flashes across my consciousness. I pull him closer.
His eyes turn soft as he strokes my cheek. “Is that why you look so tired? Mia, you need to trust me, if I had been able to lie to you, you would have never known about us. I would have given you a story and you would have been on your way to a normal life.”
Raising my hand to his lips, “I’m glad you couldn’t lie. Andrew, you are my life, my future and my eternity. It’s not that I didn’t trust you, it’s just that with everything they are capable of, his power, how life can change with every breath you take, I couldn’t stop worrying.”
He hugs me tightly and I feel cherished and safe. “From here on out Dr. Angelis, I am ordering regular sleep, nutritious, delicious meals and walks to enjoy the remaining summer.”
“That is definitely a prescription I can follow.” I laugh and begin kissing him. I can feel his smile as my heart pounds against my chest.
Hearing the twins, he rises. “Go and take a shower. I’ll take care of them, it’ll be good practice.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely” He kisses my nose.


Chapter Three Daniela Arrives

It is strange walking into Marcus’ old room and seeing Eva with Daniela. “Daniela, this is Dr. Angelis. She will also be helping you.”
As she looks at me, I catch the strangest glint flash in her eyes and can’t understand why I feel as if I know her. I’m sure we never met. She doesn’t move. I kneel beside her. “It’s nice to meet you. We will do everything possible to help you cope with your horrific ordeal.” I say reassuringly. She stares blankly. Eva motions for us to leave.
“Has she said anything?”
“No. Last night, I tried to enter her dreams, but she didn’t dream, so we’ll have to keep trying.”
“What can I do?”
“Right now, we just have to make her feel comfortable.”
“Maybe we can show her around and as she sees the activities and the people around her feeling safe, she will feel more at ease.”
We re-enter her room and Eva kneels down. “It’s a beautiful day, why don’t you let me show you around.” Eva holds out her hand, but Daniela stares past her, rises but doesn’t move. Eva moves toward the door, Daniela follows, but then unexpectedly grabs my hand. Looking at Eva, she nods.
“Daniela, would you like me to show you around”
She continues staring, but grasps me tighter. Downstairs, she stops and stares at the painting of the lighthouse. “That was painted by William. He is a wonderful artist here. Do you have any hobbies?” When she doesn’t reply, I continue outside. Terri is heading toward the recreation building.
“Hey doc, are you out to enjoy the day?”
“I’m hoping to make Daniela feel comfortable here by showing her around.”
Teri holds out her hand. “I’m Teri.” Daniela doesn’t move. “You are safe here and you will love this place, the staff is very friendly. You can tell them anything. They are not like the psychiatrists and non-believers which I’m sure you encountered. They encourage you to speak freely and they do listen. I bet you’re afraid because your psychiatrists sedated you or maybe even recommended shock therapy, but that’s not how it works here, really. We are more like family, but without the judgmental, preconceived notions. I need to go, but hope to see you later.” She turns to me. “I promised Stephanie we would do something fun today, her choice.”
After showing Daniela around, I take her to the dining area but she sits just shifting an apple from hand to hand. “Would you like something else, I can get you something hot?” She rises and heads to her room, sitting and staring unseeing out the window.
Going to the office, I update her record. Eva enters. “How did it go?”
“She didn’t speak or eat. I asked Nicole to bring her in some snacks.”
“Mia, if you feel comfortable, I think you should handle Daniela’s case, she seems to have made a connection to you. I know you think that she is not really responding to you, but you have gotten more of a reaction out of her than any of us.”
This surprises me. “Do you think I’m ready?”
“I have every confidence in you, just remember don’t confirm anything and I’ll be here if you have questions.”
“I just hope I can live up to your expectations.” I reply nervously.
“I’m sure you can accomplish any job she gives you,” Andrew remarks stepping inside. I wish I felt as confident as he sounds.
“Don’t you think you’re prejudice?” His arms encircle me. Dipping me, he runs the soft petals of a pink rose from my forehead to my nose. My heart pounds wildly as I inhale and the exquisite floral scent mixes with Andrew’s heavenly scent. He nuzzles my ear softly and I hear Eva giggle. “I may be prejudice, but I’ve seen what you’re capable of.”
“I think I’ll leave you two alone.” She whispers and scoots out the door.
Before I realize it, I’m cradled in his lap. His knuckles glide down my jaw. “What has you so deep in thought?”
“How do you know I’m not thinking of you?” I tease.
He smirks. “Your heart is beating the way it does when you’re distracted. What has you worried?”
“You’re just too insightful for me. Eva asked me to handle Daniela’s case. I’m nervous. I just hope I can help her.”
He smiles. “Just be yourself, your compassion and ability to listen ensures that you can do anything”
“But that’s the problem, she isn’t talking and Gabriel can’t get a read on her.”
“Sometimes after a traumatic event, a person becomes so introverted and their mind so introspective that they need extra time to process their surroundings. She has experienced more tragedy in six months than most people will ever see. Her mind is protecting itself, but she’ll come around. No one can resist you.” His voice is so sultry, I melt. “I know I certainly couldn’t.”
Wrapping my arms around his waist, I pull myself closer, nuzzling his neck, “I’m glad you couldn’t.”
Over the next two weeks, Daniela and I enter a strange routine. She follows me around, but doesn’t speak. Although her aura is strong, Andrew doesn’t believe it’s the reason she was targeted.
Entering Daniela’s room, she is stroking a picture. Her features reveal some far away thought. Kneeling next to her, I speak softly. “I’m so sorry you lost them.”
Her eyes shift. “I took care of them after my parents died. I would be taking them to get school clothes now. My uncle wasn’t good at that.”
Despite my excitement at her speaking, I find it odd that she uses the word “died”. All of the other patients referred to those who died as being attacked or ripped from them. My subconscious wonders if she just isn’t ready to speak about it yet, so I concentrate on inconsequential details, anxious to keep her talking. “Did you have a favorite store you frequented?”
She stares blankly. I’m afraid she’s slipping back into silence. “When my sister and I would get ready for school, she liked to frequent the mall.” My heart aches. I haven’t spoken about her since shortly after the twins were born. Daniela remains silent. “I liked to bargain hunt and save money. I’m not much of a fashion plate.” I laugh and she chuckles.
“You could use more color Dr. Angelis. Have you ever considered red? It’s much nicer and would suit you much better.”
I laugh again. “You’re not the first person who’s said I need to improve my wardrobe. What’s your favorite color?”
She moves to the closet, opening the door. “Can you guess?”
Most of her tops are various shades of red. “I may be going out on a limb but is it red?”
“The deeper the crimson, the better, although I shouldn’t have brought them, I have nowhere to wear them.”
“The patients do gather for events and I’m sure you would look lovely in your red dress. You should consider wearing it at Christmas or if you are feeling up to it, you could come to my wedding Christmas Eve and wear it.”
Her face whips around. As our eyes meet, I swear hers flash red, but when I blink, they’re still steel blue. “Dr. Angelis…”
“Mia, please.” We go by first name here.”
“Well then, Mia, why would you get married in a place like this?” Her tone is indignant.
“I’m sure you noticed the beautiful grounds. Besides, all the people here are wonderful.” Her eyes widen. “I know you feel ambivalent about speaking to me about what happened, but we don’t discount anything that you tell us. We consider everyone’s thoughts and feelings and have become like a family. I couldn’t think of a better place and people to share my wedding with. I’m hoping that sharing this will help them feel as if they are not missing out on everything in life. Now that I think about it, if you like to horseback ride, next week, they are bringing in horses to take a nature trot.”
She stares as if she cannot comprehend what I’m saying. Finally she whispers. “I haven’t ridden a horse before, could I still go?”
“Absolutely, we have instructors and staff members to assist. We never travel too fast.”
“Could I take a walk?”
I stand. “Let’s go”
“I’d like to go alone.”
“I would need to check that out with Eva, she may prefer you are with someone.”
“What if I just went over to the recreation building? I know where that is.”
“That should be alright.”
I head into the office. “How did it go with Daniela?” Eva asks.
“She spoke, nothing of substance, but I’m hopeful. Eva, when patients talk about those who have been taken away, what have they said to you?”
“Most of them talk about the dark creatures that tore them away. Why?”
“It’s just that Daniela said after her parents died, so matter of fact, it got me thinking. Her room was right next to theirs, yet she saw nothing. Those here saw exactly what happened as if seeing the darkness eliminate their loved ones was intentional. I might be reading too much into it, it just seems odd.”
Eva appears reflective. “There is no set formula. It could be that she saw it, but is repressing it or has had such bad reactions to her revealing what happened that she shut down. Give her time, if anyone can get through, you can.” Her telephone rings. From the name on the other end, it will be a long conversation. I update the records and Eva is out the door.
Cold hands touch my shoulders. My pulse races as I turn to him. “Are you ready to see the twins?”
“I just want to check on Daniela before we go.” It’s after eight, but she’s not in her room. I ask Nicole if Daniela was at dinner, but she wasn’t. Going to Teri’s room, she hasn’t seen her all day, but was at the recreation building.
I can hear Andrew talking to Gabriel in the hall. “We have a problem. Daniela is missing. Get Jackson and Francis, we need to find her.”
He steps inside. “Go to the residency. I’ll call you when we locate her.”
As I put Nicholas and Kayla to sleep, Catherine enters. “They found Daniela wandering back from the woods. I’ll stay with them so you can go and speak with her.”
Crossing the courtyard, the mother in me wants to yell at her for disobeying, while my physician side needs to know why she risked getting hurt to be alone.
Entering the room, Eva is with her, but Daniela isn’t talking. Kneeling next to her, “Daniela, are you alright?” She stares unseeing. “Did you get lost?” Her eyes shift, but she doesn’t speak. Then it dawns on me. “No one here is upset with you, we are just concerned. We didn’t want you to get hurt.” I say sincerely.
She’s surprised. “You told me not to leave. I left. When are you transferring me for being difficult?”
“Do you want to be transferred?” I inquire gently.
“No.” She whispers.
“Where did you go?”
“I’m not sure. I started toward the building, but then just needed time alone. I’m sorry.”
“I’m just happy you’re not hurt, but if you want to go for a walk you need to let me come, even if you don’t want to talk.” I see her hand move to her stomach, she must be starving. I’ll get you a sandwich.”
Heading toward the lounge, I hear voices. “I’m telling you there’s something strange about her. It’s as if something is there and then it dissipates!”
“Jackson, you always think there is a threat lately, especially after what you thought happened in Brazil. Relax; it’s just your imagination.”
Walking in, they stop talking. “What happened in Brazil that you’re keeping secret?” Turning to Andrew, “I thought we were beyond secrets.”
“Mia, it’s nothing. Jackson just has a flare for the dramatic.” His expression is too stone faced. Walking toward the refrigerator, I pull out a sandwich and juice, and hand it to Andrew. “Take this to Daniela.” Turning to Jackson, “You tell me what happened, now.” A look passes between them. “Andrew go” My voice is forceful, his features turn puzzled. This is the first time I have used such a tone. He leaves. Turning to Jackson “Start talking. Leave out one detail and you won’t spend time with the twins ever again.”
“You don’t have to threaten me.” He winks. “It isn’t that bad. I thought I saw Jonathan heading toward Andrew, but then he disappeared.”
I gasp. “That’s beyond terrible!” I can feel my panic. “How could he be back this soon?” Maybe I saw him too that night. “They’re in danger! What if it’s starting all over again?” I hyperventilate and Jackson raps his arm around me.
“Mia, no one else saw him. It may have been my imagination. The setting was very similar to the night we fought Jonathan. That’s why Andrew didn’t tell you.”
Although they convinced Jackson otherwise, I know he would have investigated further. “What did you find when you went back?”
“How do you know I returned?”
“I know you. Despite what they may have convinced you of, you would never leave Eva’s safety to chance.”
“I didn’t find anything. Truthfully, even when I looked back at Andrew, it wasn’t Jonathan. It was only a flash of him. Another vampire was upon him whom he quickly discarded.”
“Did anything else happen?”
“We still have the unexplained women, but they are searching for the incubus.”
“Who is strange then?” He doesn’t respond. “You think Daniela is strange, but Eva keeps telling you you’re wrong.”
His eyes shoot up to mine. “Andrew thinks I’m wrong too.”
“What did you notice?”
“I’m not really sure; it’s just weird flashes, so I’m not sure if it’s just what’s around her.”
“You’re talking about her eyes flashing red and her glow, aren’t you? When I first met her, I even had a feeling of familiarity, but I know we never met. What else have you noticed?”
“Eva says she doesn’t dream, but when I tried entering, I thought I caught a glimpse of an old fashioned town, but then everything went black, but not as if her dream stopped, more of as if I was being blocked. I thought I caught a flash of red around her, but Andrew says she has light around her. Maybe it was the sun.”
“Don’t do that. I have been doing that. What if we are both right and she is fooling them. When she speaks of her parents, she’s so matter of fact. She claims not to have heard or seen anything. Eva believes it’s because she’s repressing the memory, but I’m not so sure. There is something about her. Did she say anything on the way back?”
“No. Andrew tried to talk to her. Gabriel tried to get a read, but all he got was the few minutes before we found her. Mia, be careful around her.”
“I will, but will you promise to keep looking into whatever you think is strange?”
“You know how I love a mystery.”
Andrew returns. “Can I come in?”
“I should see what I can find out from Daniela.” I move to leave, but Andrew’s hands around my waist stop me. 
“She’s asleep. She didn’t even wait for her sandwich. We should get back to the residency to relieve Catherine.”
Crossing the courtyard, Andrew intertwines our fingers. Despite my anger at his keeping secrets, my heart can’t help but react. The twins are asleep. Andrew moves toward the couch. “I guess you’re upset with my not telling you.”
Sitting, I take his hands. “You and I know how much secrets have cost us.”
“Mia, I wasn’t keeping secrets, I didn’t see anything. Neither did anyone else. Jackson was anxious being away from Eva, concerned about what could happen next. I just didn’t want you worrying for nothing.”
“I’m sorry, I snapped at you. I was worried about Daniela disappearing and letting Eva down because I can’t even keep a patient on the grounds…”
His finger is at my mouth. “Stop, you aren’t letting anyone down. No one knew she wouldn’t listen. We’ll have to watch her. As far as your suspicions about her, I’m not discounting them and we’ll watch for that too. I know how insightful you are. Am I forgiven?” He strokes my cheek softly.
Wrapping my arms around his waist, I snuggle closer as my heart pounds. “That depends”
“On what”
“Whether you kiss me”
His lips are on mine, consuming me, possessing me, loving me. I almost forget my name. He leans back, allowing me to catch my breath and laughs softly. “I take it I’m forgiven”
“Yes, but I want you telling me everything from now on.”
“Absolutely”
Nicholas cries and I go in to rock him. Andrew enters sitting on the floor and staring at us. After putting Nicholas in his crib, Andrew encircles me in his arms. “You should get some rest so you can talk to Daniela with a clear head.”
“How do you know me so well?” I tease.
“Years of watching you.”
I change and when I came out, Andrew is sitting on my bed with outstretched arms. Crossing the room, I snuggle up to him, but it doesn’t stop my subconscious fears of losing him from being thrust to the forefront. As my mind drifts, I see Andrew in a forest similar to the one here, but not quite. The forest is green for a moment, but then the trees are stripped bare, dead, and the ground charred. He stands with Gabriel, Jackson and Damien. The shadows coming at them are too fast to discern, but then slow and all are Jonathan. Several Jonathans grab Andrew who is unable to fight them off. They drag him across the dead forest into a dark cave. I see a flickering glow and feel the heat emanating from deep within. It burns. Andrew’s glorious face contorts with excruciating pain. He is thrust into the glowing abyss. I feel his loss! My heart constricts-stops as I fight to get close. The flames are too hot. My body repels from the blaze. I need to get to him. I don’t care about being burned, but as my feet move forward, a flash of light bursts around me and the glowing flames turn into dark encrusted embers and rock, sealing the opening. Pushing on the rock; my hands burn and my eyes fly open.
My face is buried in Andrew’s chest stifling my screams. He rubs my back and speaks softly. “Mia, it’s alright, it’s just a dream. You’re safe. I’m here.” Grabbing him, I pull him closer, not wanting him to be ripped from me as in the dream. He tries to comfort me. I loosen my death grip and see his concerned eyes. “Can you tell me about it?” He wipes my tears.
“Jonathan got you. He dragged you to hell and put up a wall between us. Andrew, do you think he came back? Did Jackson see him? You would be his number one target!” I’m becoming hysterical.
Pulling me closer, he leans into the headboard. “We didn’t see him. I don’t think Jackson really did either. He can’t be happy with Jonathan’s failure. I don’t think he would give him another chance this early considering he’s not the forgiving type and Jonathan’s failure cost him all of us.”
It’s four. I feel terrible, but don’t want to sleep and hope a shower will help. When I come out, Andrew is in the kitchen sporting a cup of coffee and a waffle. “Try to eat and gather your thoughts. I’ll get Eva to cover for you, you look pretty shaken up.”
“I’m fine. Don’t call Eva.” I try to sound convincing, but my shaking hands lifting the coffee betray me.
“Mia, you’re safe. It was a dream.” He puts his hand upon mine.
“I’m not worried about myself. I can’t lose you.” My tears return.
He moves and I’m sitting in his lap. His voice is soft but authoritative. “You are not going to lose me. I have lived many lifetimes and learned some tricks. You showed me how strong we can be. I believe in myself, my family and our love, so don’t worry about losing me, I’m not going anywhere. In a few months, we will be a family, I promise.” He kisses me gently.
Arriving at the office Eva is hanging up the phone. She appears concerned. A look passes between them and Andrew shakes his head infinitesimally. She distracts me by coming around the desk and putting her hand on my shoulder. “You look terrible. What happened last night? I heard you scream.”
“It was just a bad dream, I’m sorry for disturbing you.”
“You didn’t disturb me, I’m just concerned. Can I do anything for you?”
“I’m fine. Did you see Daniela this morning?”
“She was still sleeping.”
Andrew kisses me quickly. “I have to go but if you need me, beep me.”
“I’ll see you tonight.” I rise, but Eva puts her hand on my shoulder. 
“Mia, Jackson told me you think there’s something strange about Daniela, if she is making you uncomfortable, I can take her case.”
“Absolutely not, she speaks to me and I don’t want our relationship causing you to treat me differently. Just because I’m suspicious doesn’t mean you have to coddle me. I need to succeed. It’s important for me to be strong and follow through.”
“That’s definitely the voice of a seasoned physician but remember the offer is always open.”
“It won’t be necessary. I’ll see you later.”
Walking into Daniela’s room, I hear her shower so I get some coffee in hopes of warding off the exhaustion that encroaches upon me whenever my dreams are so active. Leaning against the counter sipping my coffee, John comes in.
“Rough night doc, did the twins keep you up or was it Daniela?”
 “You know I can’t talk about other patients.” I mock scold.
He laughs. “We all know she wandered off. News travels fast.”
I smile. “You should return to your room before Eva catches you stealing real coffee again.” I tease. “Have a good morning.”
“I know I will now” he takes a large gulp and heads out.
Daniela is pushing around her food. I can’t understand why she isn’t devouring it after missing so many meals. “Can I join you?”
“Dr. Angelis, I’m sorry about last night, I just needed some time without being under the watchful eye of big brother. It’s been so long since I felt like a real person.” I hear her longing.
“It’s not wise to wander the woods alone. You could have gotten hurt or lost with no way to call for help.”
Her expression changes, her eyes donning a hard controlled stare and her tone turns sharp. “The next time we’ll go together.”
Since she’s talking, I’m hoping to get some information. “Daniela, I was going over some of your records and noticed some gaps. Could you help me fill them in?”
“Dr. Angelis, every time I speak about the incident someone ups my medication making me lethargic or I’m transferred. My parents are dead, my brothers and sisters died shortly thereafter and my uncle and I are now locked up.” She responds harshly, but not with an edge of nervousness, instead it’s indignation.
“We don’t like prescribing drugs. We prefer to help you arrive at a place where you can at least find some peace with your life.”
“Then what do you want to know?” She retorts aggravated.
“Why don’t you tell me about your family?”
She answers curtly. “My parents worked, my siblings went to school and I went to college.”
“What did your parents do?”
“My mother worked at a bakery and my father drove a truck.”
“What did your mother do at the bakery?”
“She baked pies.” Her tone is deadpan, bored. I can’t understand why she isn’t elaborating. Instead she sounds like she’s repeating a dossier.
“Did you have a favorite pie?”
“No”
I try a new topic. “Did you participate in clubs or sports in college?”
“No.” She responds flatly.
“Were your siblings involved in sports?”
“Basketball, I think,”
“Did you live at home?”
“Yes”
“What were you studying?”
“History”
“What is your favorite period, mine is the Renaissance.”
She hesitates. A strange smile plays upon her lips. I’m hopeful we finally hit a topic to discuss, but they are dashed by her dismissive response. “No, they were all fine.” She turns toward the window.
“Would you like to go outside?”
“Can we?”
“Sure, we can talk outside.”
She gets some sunglasses and starts for the door.
“Don’t you want to eat?”
“No”
We sit at an empty table. “Daniela, can you tell me about the day your parents died?”
“Can we sit here a few moments first?” We’re silent for quite some time then her flat voice returns. “It was an ordinary day. We all went to bed alive and in the morning, they were dead.”
“Did you hear anything unusual?”
“No. I was asleep.”
“Were your parents anxious?”
“Doc, you sound like the police. I’d like to go back to my room now!”
“Daniela, I promise you that we don’t disregard anything here.”
She rises and moves toward the building without another word.
At least the rest of the day is productive. I decide to return to Daniela after the twins finish dinner.
Andrew comes in dressed casually. Nicholas reaches for him. “How come you are still dressed?” He teases as his lips ignite mine.
“I want to talk with Daniela. She got upset with me this afternoon.”
“What happened?”
“She accused me of sounding like the police.”
“Did you?” He inquires curiously.
“No. Talking to her is like pulling teeth, her answers sound scripted, like she doesn’t even know her own life. I asked her about the night her parents died. She said she didn’t hear anything, but her room is right next to theirs. From what I’ve read about the patients here, they saw and heard everything, the attacks were blatant.”
“When did you have time to read other patients’ records?” He inquires amazed.
“You were gone for three weeks, what else was I supposed to do.”
His tone turns playful. “Take advantage of the nice comfy beds and no distractions.”
“Andrew, her story about that night is strange. Eva thinks she is repressing, but from her tone and answers, I think she’s being intentionally evasive.”
His features turn serious. “Just don’t let your suspicions cloud your medical judgment. Remember what Eva told you about how learning about the surreal changed Jackson’s perspective and he didn’t go through anything like you have.”
I’m hurt by his implications. “So you think I can’t be objective.”
He puts his free hand on mine. “Every case is different and it’s hard to deal with things that should not be. Maybe her mind cannot accept or explain what she saw. Go and talk to her, but don’t be too long, you didn’t sleep last night.”
Jackson is leaving as I enter. “What are you doing back here?”
“I wanted to talk with Daniela.”
“What happened this afternoon, she’s been agitated all day. She didn’t even eat lunch.”
“Did she have dinner?”
“I’m not sure. Why?”
“She should have been famished after yesterday.” My mind wanders. Forgetting Jackson, I yell out. “Mia stop! You’re doing it again.”
“What’s that about?” He stares.
“Andrew thinks I’m overreacting because I’m new to the surreal.”
Jackson interrupts me. “Don’t let him pull that with you. You are insightful and there is something about her. Don’t let him tell you that you’re not being objective. Trust your instincts and let me know if you see anything else. I had better get going, Eva is expecting me.”


Chapter Four Strange Reveals

Upstairs, Daniela is flipping through the channels, ignoring my entrance. “I know you’re aware I’m here.”
She turns to me. “You’re supposed to be home.” She quips.
“I thought we could talk before you turn in.”
“I told you what happened to my parents. There’s nothing more to say.” She retorts belligerently.
“Could we talk about Cynthia?”
She turns off the television, crossing her arms. “Someone attacked her. She died. The police said it was suicide.”
I soften my voice. “Who attacked her?”
“Some creature in our kitchen, when it heard me, it turned, but something lit up the room and the creature threw Cynthia out the window and was gone. The police arrived and decided she was depressed and jumped. They didn’t believe me and neither did my uncle.”
I tread carefully. “Can you tell me more? I try to keep an open mind about what people think they see.”
Her tone becomes more irate. “The creature attacked my sister and she is gone.”
“What did it look like?”
Looking at her, she appears to be forcing back a smirk, but then she quips. “I don’t want to think about her killer before going to bed so if you’ll excuse me.” She refuses to look at me, ending our conversation.
Staring at her contemplating if I should try again, there is something nagging at me, something about her build, it’s athletic, but she claims not to have been involved in sports. I decide to make a call her college, hoping it has night courses. Nothing is making sense as I listen to the administrator inform me that Daniela was involved in basketball, track, student government and even mock trials. Had she stopped all of it after her parent’s death? Hanging up, I enter all this information and must have fallen asleep. Hearing rustling, I wake with a start. Whoever was in the office is gone. I move quickly, but the hall is empty. A staff member would have woken me. Turning, I see an old file draw is crooked. Opening, it, the files looked disheveled, but I can’t tell if something is missing.
Returning to the hall, I see Francis. “Have you been here long?”
“I have been here since six. Is something wrong?”
“I fell asleep in the office and someone came in rifling one of the draws.”
“Maybe you were dreaming.”
“Where were you just now?”
“A broom fell by an open window down the hall. You must have been dreaming. Everyone’s asleep.”
I open Daniela’s room, but she appears to be asleep. “Good night Francis.”
Returning to the residency, Andrew is on the phone speaking Spanish. I take a quick shower, hoping to unloosen my stiff neck. 
“What happened to you?” He asks eyeing me rubbing my neck.
“I fell asleep while updating Daniela’s records.”
“Come here.” The gentleness of his hands sends a shiver of desire throughout my body. His cool lips caress my neck, stopping at my earlobe. “Mia, you are so beautiful, I love you.”
“I love you too.” My pulse quickens. Shifting, I grab his perfect face kissing him passionately. His hands move slowly down my spine, pulling me closer, igniting a flame within us both. I melt into him as he consumes me. All too soon, our heads are touching, each of us trying to calm our breathing. “Did you get your answers at least?”
“No, she talked, but all her responses were cold and generic. She said she didn’t want to talk about it before going to bed.”
“Maybe she’s afraid of having nightmares.”
“Maybe”
“Mia you sound as if there’s more,” His curious eyes burn into mine.
“I called her school and things got even stranger. Daniela told me she wasn’t involved in sports or very social, but the administrator said she was involved in track, basketball and clubs which would require quite a bit of social interaction.”
“Maybe she stopped after her parents died.”
“If that were the case, wouldn’t she make some reference to them? There is something about her.” I pause a moment. “That’s not the only strange thing.”
“What do you mean?” His voice turns anxious.
“Someone was in the office rummaging through old patient records while I slept.”
His features turn concerned. “Why would someone do that? Who did you see?”
“I was groggy, when I looked up they were gone and everyone appeared to be sleeping.”
“Maybe you were dreaming.” He sounds less tense.
“I don’t think so.”
“We’ll ask Eva and Jackson if anything is missing in the morning, try to get some sleep.” He pulls me into his embrace.
“Who were you talking to?”
“Just some friends in Brazil, we can talk about it in the morning.” Kissing my head, I drift to sleep.
When I wake, Andrew is gone. Martina comes in as I’m feeding the twins. “Did you see Andrew this morning?”
“He came to get Gabriel hours ago.”
Arriving at the psychiatric building, Daniela is in my office. “Good morning. What are you doing in here?” I inquire curiously. “Patients do not enter our offices usually.”
Her eyes glint wickedly. “You said you wanted to talk with me.”
“Let’s go downstairs.” We sit and I wait for her to start talking.
“I told you creatures had taken my family, what more can I tell you?” Her voice is less combative this morning.
“Can you describe them for me?”
“The ones who attacked my sisters were strong, white faced males, with dark eyes. Two women attacked my brothers and they looked the same. They tossed my brothers around like rag dolls. They didn’t get me because a woman surrounded by bright light saved me.”
“Do you remember anything else?”
“They were fast and frightening.”
Before I can inquire further, Eva is there. “I need to speak with you.”
I turn to Daniela. “I’ll be back shortly, excuse me.” Rising, I follow Eva to the terminal building. When she opens Andrew’s door, he is there with Gabriel and Jackson.
“What’s going on?”
Jackson answers. “You were right about Daniela. She was the one rummaging through the files; her scent is all over them.”
“That makes sense. She was just describing the creatures to me as if she read accounts from somewhere.”
Eva turns to me. “I’m taking her over. Gabriel still can’t get a read on her.”
I turn to Andrew. “Have you gotten any more on her aura?”
He shakes his head and takes my hands. “Mia, I didn’t want to concern you, but we promised no secrets. When I first came in contact with her, I had a weird feeling that I knew her or had a connection to her, but I can’t explain it. When I look at her aura, it appears bright, but now, I don’t trust what I’m seeing.”
“What do you mean, you felt connected?”
His eyes appear deep in concentration. “It’s just a feeling, but nothing I can describe. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, I told you I want to know everything.”
“I know but…”
Putting my fingertips to his lips, “But nothing, what happens now?”
“I will take over her case.” Eva repeats. “If she’s up to something or is something, I am better equipped to handle it.”
“Eva, she won’t talk to you. She’s trying to convince me she has answers. If she is more than she appears, maybe it’s me she’s directed to talk to.”
Andrew interrupts. “Mia, you shouldn’t be involved. Remember what happened when you tried this with Nicholas? We will get our answers, she can’t fool us forever.”
“Andrew, Jonathan hid behind his lies for centuries. We can’t wait that long. Besides, this time, you can watch out for me.”
His features turn pained. “That’s just it; I have to go back to Brazil. There’s been a spike in trouble and more are injured.”
My anxiety peaks and pulse races at the thought of his returning to the rising conflict, overwhelming me.
“Mia, breathe. I will be fine.” He strokes my back.
“How can you say that if they’ve increased activity again? Who is going with you?”
“Jackson and Gabriel were coming, but now they will stay to protect you. I can handle down there with those we left.”
“No, you need them. I have the rest of your family. Daniela may only be a confused person.” I hope my voice sounds convincing. I won’t let him go alone. “Besides, you said true demons couldn’t enter this area. Why is that anyway?”
“This is hallowed ground. That’s why the original owners had so much tragedy here. Some friends have also placed spells around the buildings along with charms and items which have special detractions that protect this area.”
Listening to him, I can’t help but wonder if he is telling me other creatures exist too. “Are you telling me that witches are real too?”
He pulls me into an embrace. “There are all sorts of things in this world that I wish weren’t and ‘witches’ is such a stereotyped term.” He kisses my cheek, trying to lighten my anxiety.
“So demons can’t infiltrate because this is hallowed ground and there are spells and talisman objects protecting the area.”
“There are objects which protect this area, but I wouldn’t call them talisman, they are blessed by someone who walked this earth many lifetimes ago and is stronger than any demon force could be.”
“Then all the more reason to take Gabriel and Jackson with you, if demons can’t enter, then Daniela can’t be a demon and you need help. I don’t want you going alone.”
“Mia, we know now that the protections don’t stop them from entering, look at Jonathan. The protections are limited, only incapacitating their deadlier powers and there are no protections beyond these buildings, just look at what occurred in the forest.”
“I won’t leave the grounds. You have to take them with you.” My voice reflects my utter panic.
“I’ll compromise and take Jackson.”
“No! You have to take both or I’ll leave and hide out in Minnesota where there are no protections.” My voice is stern.
“Be reasonable” His voice turns pleading.
“You be reasonable! Daniela is one girl, who may only be a victim, but even if she is a demon, I have the rest of your family. You know you’re going into trouble and you are refusing to take help. That’s ridiculous! In fact, I don’t understand why you’re not taking Francis and Damian too.”
Jackson interjects. “She has a point. I’m sure the others could handle things here and we could wrap up things quicker together so you could return.”
Andrew stares at me. “If I agree, you have to promise not to leave this area and that you’ll tell Eva everything Daniela tells you, no matter how inconsequential.”
“I promise so does that mean you’ll take Francis and Damian?”
“No, they stay here.” He almost shouts.
Gabriel, Eva and Jackson excuse themselves. I ask the dreaded question. “When do you leave?”
“Tomorrow, I need to arrange for some friends with special abilities to come with us and we need to fly over together so we can hit the ground running. I don’t want to be away long.”
“What can I do to help?”
He embraces me tightly. “Promise me you will be careful and protect the woman I love by not doing anything to endanger her.” His voice turns stern. “I mean it, don’t take chances.”
“I won’t, but I need you to promise to bring home the man I love and intend to marry.”
He smiles. “I’ll look for him while I’m there. Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?” Despite his teasing, I hear his anxiety and want to ease it.
“A few months ago, I would have said a man with sky eyes and raven hair, but now…” I pause, running my fingers through his hair. “The man I love has sandy hair and eyes the color of the bluest ocean.”
He smiles. Drawing his lips to my ear, he speaks softly. “Thank you”
“For what” His touch leaves me breathless.
“For loving the whole me”
“How could I not? You are a wonderful man, Andrew, all of you and I’ll let you in on a secret, when our souls touched, I felt both sides of you and without a doubt I can tell you that they are both good.” I place my head against his strong chest. “I should go back to Daniela and you have calls to make. I’ll see you later.”
Crossing the courtyard, Jackson grabs me. “What’s wrong?”
“I need to know if you’re backtracking for Andrew’s sake or you really believe Daniela is confused.”
“I doubt she‘s confused, but I wouldn’t care if she were Satan, himself, I’m not letting Andrew go into a situation where he needs the help from special friends, without having you and Gabriel at his flank. I can’t risk anything happening to him. I’m depending on you to watch his back and make sure all of you come back safely. If you could get Francis and Damian to go too that would be even better.”
“I’ve tried, he won’t consider it. Mia, you need to be careful too. If Daniela is some sort of demon, she is here for you.” I can see his worry and can’t help but shudder.
“I better go and see her.” I hurry into the building. Daniela is talking with William and gets up when I enter.
“Do you think we could go outside again?” She heads to the furthest corner of the courtyard, sits and rattles on about the other patients for far too long. “William is very nice. He showed me some of his sketches. I didn’t realize you had twins.”
My stomach unexpectedly churns. “Yes, but we came outside to talk about you.”
Her stare turns hard. “I thought it would be more interesting to learn about you.”
“I’m boring, I work all the time. I’m much more interested in you.”
“I heard you take your twins on hikes, I’d love to go with you next time.”
I feel ill at the thought of her anywhere near the twins. “They’ve become quite a handful on those walks, so I’m waiting until they get older before hiking again.” I try to sound casual.
“Fresh air is good for children, especially in the fall.” She quickly retorts. “I took care of my siblings. I’m sure I could take care of your twins.” Her tone makes it sound like a veiled threat. My thoughts reel.
Jackson’s voice startles me. “Daniela, they’re serving dinner. I’ll take you.” He turns to me. “Dr. Angelis, Eva is looking for you, she is at the residency.” His tone changes from authoritative to concerned making me wonder what he sees and what I revealed to her.
Eva is waiting in the kitchen. “Mia, you look as white as a ghost, what did she say?”
“She was talking about William’s paintings.”
“She had to say more.”
“She saw sketches of the twins and asked if she could walk with us on the trails. When I told her they were becoming too active, she said she took care of her siblings and was sure she could take care of the twins on our walk. It was just something in her tone or my overactive imagination that made me a little sick at the thought.”
Rising, Eva places her hand on my shoulder. “You know we will always protect the twins.”
“I’m just overreacting.” Despite not believing my own words, I have to ensure Andrew takes Gabriel and Jackson and won’t be distracted. “Would you mind if I went upstairs for a while.”
“Mia, I can handle Daniela. I will eventually get the answers.”
“No, I just need to spend some time with the twins.” Happy they’re still up; I hug them tightly and close my eyes to stop the oncoming tears. Catherine sits next to me. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. It was just a long day. Have they eaten?”
“Not yet. I’ll give you some quiet time.”
As I feed them, Kayla reaches for my face and says “ma”. I’m stunned and the dam bursts at the thought of someone hurting them. I can no longer hold back my unshed tears. Hearing Andrew come in, I rise with their empty cereal dishes, washing them vigorously, hoping to compose myself as he stops to kiss them. Thankfully, he grabs their fruit, but all too soon, he’s wrapping his arms around my waist, and placing his head on my shoulder.
“What’s wrong? You’ve been washing that dish for three minutes now?”
“Everything is fine. I even think Kayla called me ma.”
“Is that why you’re crying?”
Turning, “How did you know?”
“I know you too well.” He teases. 
Happy he mistook my reason, “It just made me think of Katrina.”
“She’ll always be with you and them.” He says soothingly, holding me tighter.
“Finish feeding them, I need to change.” Returning, he’s on the floor playing. I slide next to him.
“I wish I didn’t have to leave. I don’t like these unanswered questions.”
Stroking his cheek gently, “You need to go. We may even have a breakthrough with Daniela before you return.”
His face turns serious. “Don’t take chances. We’ll deal with this situation when I get back.”
I can see he’s distracted. “I promise nothing will happen here. You need to concentrate on solving the issues down there so you can come home knowing that the people there are safe.” I kiss his hand and rise. “Come; help me get them to bed.”
In the kitchen, I make some tea, hoping the warm liquid will quell my butterflies.
He takes the cup from my hands and wraps his arms around me. “Mia, we’ll be fine. I don’t want you not eating or sleeping while I’m gone.”
Laying my head on his chest, my voice is quiet. “Just be careful and come back soon.”
Grasping my face, he forces me to look at him. “I will be back. When I return, we’ll get away for a few days.”
“Andrew, you know the surreal never sleeps.” I laugh. “Nor does it disappear because we take a vacation.”
“It may not sleep, but it will do us good to escape it for a while.” He rises, walking toward the bedroom. I stop and he turns around. “What’s wrong?”
“The couch is fine.”
His hands sweep behind my knees, lifting me, my heart pounds wildly as my body tingles. Laying me on the bed, he stretches out beside me, kisses me gently, tucking the covers around me. “Sleep Mia”
“We’re getting married in a few months and still you hesitate when we kiss.” I tease.
In a flash he is suspended over me. “You aren’t going to start that again. I’m just being a gentleman.” He lowers himself; his glorious lips caress my neck, my shoulder and jaw. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I try to pull him closer. I feel his body close to mine, each curve; each muscle energizing my cells like an electrical surge. I shiver. Rolling onto his side, he is breathing deeply too. I don’t want to sleep. Sitting up, “Do you think Catherine would mind staying with the twins? I want to do something.”
“You should rest.”
“I don’t want to waste our last night.” While he gets her, I grab the CD player and music boxes, shoving them in my duffle. He returns and I lead him to the nursery. Dancing, holding him close I become completely content. After a few hours, I have trouble standing. He sits with me on his lap. Placing my head on his shoulder, I nuzzle his neck. Fog encroaches my consciousness. My mind wanders to my conversation with Daniela. I am on the trails with the twins. Daniela steps out from behind a spruce tree. “I thought I told you I’d come the next time you took the twins for a walk Dr. Angelis.” Her tone is menacing, her eyes black with flecks of burning embers. “Didn’t I tell you that I took care of my siblings and would take care of your twins?” She smiles revealing glistening white teeth and flies at me. Releasing me, I look down, the twins’ heads slump down, they don’t move. Moving Kayla’s head, I see the marks and blood running down her shirt as Daniela comes at me again.
Andrew’s voice calls to me. “Mia, wake up! It’s alright, you’re safe.” My eyes fly open. We’re moving. Wrapping my arms around his neck, he stops at a bench just as the residency door flies open. He puts his hand up, but his concerned stare never leaves my eyes. “What had you so frightened?”
Shaking, I realize I must have screamed. “Mia, please talk to me.” His voice is laced with anxiety. If I tell him, he’ll be distracted while away. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you.”
“Don’t apologize. Talk to me.”
Knowing he is already hesitant to take Jackson and Gabriel with him, I can’t tell him the truth. Forcing my voice to cooperate, I need to lie effectively. “We got separated and I knew it was forever. I know you’re coming back. I’m sorry I scared you.”
Crushing me to his chest, he strokes my back softly. “I should apologize to you. Look at what my world is doing to you. You should be having sweet dreams. Instead you’re dreaming of demons and vampires ripping your loved ones apart.”
Little does he know how right he is? “Andrew, it was my overactive imagination, not your world. Can we walk so I can clear my head?” Standing, my gait is unsteady. Placing his arms around my waist, he leads me to a large rock before a clearing. A newly breaking dawn pierces the remaining shades of gray coloring the sky and warming my face as Andrew cradles me close to his strong chest. His lips caress my neck. He whispers in my ear. I am completely content. “Mia, remember this moment when you sleep and the serenity of a new day dawning. I will be home to enjoy this with you again. We didn’t find each other only to be ripped apart.” His cool breath on my ear tickles. Stretching, as our lips touch, he pulls me into an ardent embrace, kissing me deeply, passionately, consuming me as I consume him. Am I combusting, my body feels hotter and hotter, I can’t breathe. He leans back, but does not release me. Opening my eyes, his sparking sapphire eyes, alight by the sun are eclipsed with desire, passion, love and longing. I love him so. “I’ll be back before you can even miss me.”
“So you’re not leaving.” I joke.
He rises. I hear him sigh. “We should get back.”
Returning to the residency, he finalizes his plans. He’s gazing at the twins, I walk up behind him. Running my fingers down his bare arm, he shivers and turns to me. His eyes are once again filled with such love and desire, shocking me. No one has ever looked upon me like that. I cannot believe this soulful man wants me, loves me. I have to be imagining it. I blink, but his look remains unchanged. Leaning down, his lips mold to mine sending an electrical charge through me, I’m sure will never short-out. We stay locked in our embrace.
When the twins wake, we walk to the lake. Struggling to lift Kayla so she can reach a branch with her outstretched hand, Andrew takes her from me, handing me Nicholas. Kayla hands touch Andrew’s face as she says “da da.” Andrew’s features freeze.
“I love you too Kayla.” The most glorious smile adorns his face. I see the love and devotion he’s always had for the twins, explode, forever strengthening the bond between them, the bond between us all. For as long as Andrew exists, I know he will remember this moment.
We picnic amongst the peaceful serenity of our surroundings. Andrew takes a strawberry and dips it in cream, placing the tip gently on my lips, I take a small bite. His lips gently kiss first the right corner of my mouth and then the left as I stroke his cheek. “Thank you for the fruit, but what I really want…”
Before I can even finish, his arms are around me, crushing me to his taut chest, we fall back toward the spruce tree as his lips meet mine. I can feel his desperation to stay warring with his anxiety over having to leave. After a few moments, we lean against the tree trying to calm our exaggerated breathing. “I’m definitely going to miss this, no matter how short of a time I’m gone.” He murmurs softly.
“You’ll have to make a speedy return before your memories fade. Just in case, let me give you a reason to hurry back.” I launch myself at him and we tumble sideways onto the grass. My lips assault his, my body wrapping around him like a blanket on a cold winters day. My heart pounds in my ears. He shivers as I run my free hand down the front of his t-shirt. I am lightheaded and will faint. Begrudgingly, I pull myself back and he smiles brilliantly.
“You do realize I have quite an incentive to come home quickly” he strokes my cheek then glances toward the twins.
“I know, but it never hurts to stack the deck in my favor.” I tease.
“I had better stack the deck in my favor for you wanting me to come home” he teases back. Pulling me into his lap, his lips caress my neck and jaw before they meet mine with a kiss so passionate, I almost lose consciousness.
All too soon, it’s time to head back. “So did I successfully stack the deck?” he inquires holding my hand as we stroll back.
“It was already overwhelmingly stacked in your favor from the moment our hands first touched.”
“It wasn’t the first time you saw me?” He smirks.
“I was very fond of that eagle, still am.” Despite joking with him, I can feel the impending worry, loneliness and fear creeping its way into my heart with each step forward. I only hope I can hide it until he departs.
Entering the residency, Francis and Damian are on the steps with duffle bags. Catherine stands next to them. “We’re going with you. I think my abilities can help deter any action close to the hospital and we could use Damian’s help.” Andrew opens his mouth to object, but Francis continues. “You could use our help and you know it. Gabriel and Jackson are already in the car.”
Catherine takes Nicholas and Kayla. “Walk Andrew out and we’ll meet you upstairs.”
Andrew is sporting the same facial expression as I am. “I’ll be back soon. I miss you already.”
“I love you.”
“I love you too” he whispers before hugging me and getting into the vehicle. They are gone all too soon.
Returning to the suite, Catherine lets me know Teri was looking for me and she’ll watch the twins.
Afterwards, I enter Daniela’s room; she’s staring at the television. I speak softly. “How are you feeling tonight?”
“Alright, how was your walk this morning?” She inquires her tone strange.
“Excuse me?”
“I saw you with Dr. St. Cloud in the woods.”
“It was fine. What did you do today?”
“I spoke with Stephanie about riding last year. I can’t wait to try. You’ll be there won’t you?” She stares menacingly at me.
“I’m not sure, but I’m sure there will be plenty of staff members to ensure everything goes smoothly.”
“You should come. You never know what a ride could reveal.” Her tone is baiting.
“What do you think the ride would reveal?” I inquire hoping she’ll reveal additional tidbits to get me to go.
“I’m not sure, but they say happy people talk and allow you to see things you wouldn’t otherwise see.” She smiles strangely and quickly shuts me down. “I need to rest for whatever tomorrow brings.” She rises; steps into the bathroom and closes the door. I hear the window open, but then the soap drops in the tub.
Not hungry or tired, I decide to take the twins for a stroll. The moon is nestled nicely in the night sky. I jump and gasp as a cool hand touches my shoulder.
“I didn’t mean to frighten you. May I join you?” Lucas sits beside me.
“Did Andrew ask you to keep an eye on me?” I inquire.
“No. He told me your suspicions about Daniela. I thought that until Emma and Victor arrive, you could hang with me. You’re very special and I don’t want anything happening to you.” He smiles.
“You shouldn’t waste time babysitting me.”
He laughs. “All I have is time. Besides, it’s very nice talking to someone who sees the world anew.”


Chapter Five Increasing Suspicions

We walk to the nursery and pick tomorrow’s vegetables. “Who’s Emma and Victor? Why are they coming?”
“Andrew didn’t tell you?”
“No, so why don’t you.”
He laughs. “Andrew was worried about leaving you, especially if Daniela is something more than human. Would you mind telling me what you know other than she broke into your office?”
“It’s all supposition on my part.”
“That’s fine. I read her file, but I want to know what you suspect.”
I gather my thoughts. “You know they think she was targeted.”
He nods.
“Daniela was sleeping in the room right next door to her parents, but claims she didn’t hear anything and nothing was unusual about that night.”
He interrupts. “You suspect something about that.”
“When I was growing up, I could always hear my brother or parents in the adjoining rooms. Even here, I worry that the twins and I are disturbing someone at night. It’s impossible not to hear things in such close proximity.”
“You and the twins are not a nuisance. Believe me everyone is excited to have you three here. You’re right about hearing things, especially in the quiet of the night, every noise is discernible. Is there anything else?”
“Talking to Daniela is like pulling teeth, she’s so vague and something in her tone nags at me. All of the other patients know intimately every detail surrounding the attackers and talk about it in excruciating detail here.”
“Has she ever spoken about herself?”
“A little, but she becomes so belligerent and the information she’s given me directly contradicts what is in her school records.”
“What do you mean?”
“She said she’s not social and didn’t participate in sports, but she was involved in sports, social clubs and even mock trials. If she stopped these after her parents died, wouldn’t she have said she gave them up to take care of her siblings?”
“Mia, what aren’t you saying?” His eyes blaze with curiosity. Will he think I’m crazy? “Mia, spill it. Nothing surprises me.”
I inhale deeply. “One afternoon she asked if she could take a walk with the twins and me on the trails. She said she took care of her siblings and was sure she could take care of Nicholas and Kayla on our walk. I couldn’t help but feel it was a veiled threat and started wondering what she did to take care of her own siblings.”
His features turn thoughtful. “Do you think she was involved with the attacks or knew the attackers?”
“But why would she do that?”
“I know Jackson believes she is here for you. Do you think she could have set up her family to gain access here?” 
This surprises me. “What else did he say?”
“He told me you’re very intuitive, when you trust your instincts you’re usually right on the money, and how you figured out about Nicholas and Andrew. So why don’t you tell me what your instincts tell you about Daniela.”
“I’m not sure, there is something nagging at me, something about her is familiar, but I can’t figure it out. Then…”
“Tell me, maybe I can help.”
“It’s just that Andrew said he felt a connection to her, but couldn’t understand it.”
“Do you think she is human or demon?”
“I don’t know. What if she’s only a victim?” I start pacing. “What if they clouded her memories to make her look so suspicious that my suspicions of her would assist them in destroying her? Oh my God, what if I’m doing exactly what they want!” I fall to my knees at this realization, holding the sides of my head.
Lucas is by my side instantly. “Mia, stop! I don’t think that’s it. There is something, but I haven’t gotten close enough to figure it out yet.”
My mind reels at what I may be doing. Lucas grabs my arms, but not in a way to hurt me and shakes me. “Mia, focus and think about what I’m asking.”
Closing my eyes to stop my reeling imagination, I focus. “She doesn’t seem to eat, but I’m not with her all the time.”
“Tell me if she did anything strange.”
My eyes fly open and Lucas speaks quickly. “What did you see, don’t think or rationalize, just answer me.”
“I saw flecks like embers in her eyes similar to Jonathan’s and some of the demons I saw in the woods, but then they were gone. Maybe her eyes just caught the sun.”
He interrupts. “I told you don’t rationalize.”
“Lucas, I can’t do this!” Looking up, the sky is gray. My watch reveals it’s four o’clock. My eyes shift to the twins who are asleep with the carriage backs down. “I have to get them in their cribs.” Standing up, my legs are numb, my gait unsteady.
Lucas holds me to him. “Give yourself a minute, but Mia the sooner we figure out what she is the better off everyone will be.”
The door flies open, it’s Eva. “Is everything alright?”
“We lost track of time. How did you know I wasn’t in my room?”
“I went by it, but didn’t hear any noise.” She taps her nose and puts her arm around me. “Let’s get you to bed.” She turns to Lucas. “Emma and Victor have arrived.”
I turn to Lucas. “You never did tell me who they are.”
He laughs. “They’re witches that we have known since Salem that Andrew wants watching you.”
“They’re what!” My voice causes Nicholas and Kayla to stir.
Eva walks me out. “I’ll tell you about them later.”
My restless, short sleep splits my imagination in two diametrically opposed directions. I see Daniela as an innocent victim saved by an angel while a demon rips at her younger sister, but then the picture changes dramatically. Daniela is dressed in simple clothing of long ago, walking with friends. Men grab her, accusing her of being a witch. One accuses her of cursing his daughter causing her to slowly starve to death. Expecting to see Daniela’s frightened face shock rips through me as I meet her smug smile. The scene changes, she is tied to a pole; brush against her feet is suddenly ablaze, burning her. The crowd screams witch. As she screams out in pain, her face is my face and something dark escapes her, a shadow. Behind me someone screams. Turning, I see the Nicholas version of Andrew. My ringing telephone tears me from my nightmare. “Hello”
“Mia”
Sitting up, I try to speak. “Have you landed?”
“Yes, we’re heading there now. What’s going on there?”
“Nothing, we miss you terribly.”
“I miss you too. Stay safe. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
“I’ll call you soon.”
I rise. Drinking coffee, I hear a quiet tap on the door. It’s Lucas. “I’m sorry for last night. Did you get any rest at all?”
“Some” I run to get a crying Nicholas leaving Lucas in the doorway. “Come in” He follows me into the kitchen. Kayla cries. I leave to get her. Entering the kitchen, Lucas is feeding Nicholas. “I hope you don’t mind, he was reaching for the cereal. Mia, I’m sorry for upsetting you and pushing you.”
“You are only trying to help. I just don’t want my imagination getting the better of me. If she is a victim, I don’t want to harm her more, but if she’s something more, I want to know that too.”
“I was thinking about that. Do we know where her uncle is? Maybe he or his records can shed some light on what happened.”
“He’s in an institution in California. I’ll call his physician today and see if I can get his records.”
“I have to go.” He rises.
“Thank you for feeding Nicholas.”
“Are you kidding, he’s a blast. If you trust me, I’d love to be part of the rotation.”
“Consider yourself drafted.” I tease.
Martina arrives letting me know Eva is looking for me. Arriving at the office, two people are sitting with their backs toward me. They turn. The woman has beautiful flowing auburn hair and hazel eyes, while the gentleman’s hair is reddish and his eyes dark blue. Eva smiles, “Mia, this is Emma and Victor.”
Emma shakes my hand. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet the girl who touched Andrew’s heart.”
Shaking the man’s hand, “It’s nice to finally put a face with the name.”
I turn toward Eva. “They’ll be helping out while the others are away.”
Serena comes in. “Can I borrow them for a while; the cousins in the restricted building are going through another episode.”
Eva motions for me to sit. “Eva, why isn’t their skin pale like yours?”
“They’re not vampires.”
“Lucas said you’ve known them since Salem.”
“We have, Emma is a witch and Victor a warlock.”
I gasp. “Witches are real? Lucas wasn’t kidding? Should I be expecting Frankenstein to show up any day now or is he safely just a horror story?”
“Well…” She smiles.
“Come on! Why are they here?”
“To ensure that we have all our bases covered regarding Daniela.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Witches can affect realms that we can’t and Andrew is concerned that Daniela could pose a danger to you. Emma and Victor are very old and very powerful. They may be able to provide us with answers.
“Eva, they shouldn’t be here babysitting me against one girl, they should be helping in Brazil.” My anxiety is evident.
“Emma and Victor are not the only witches we know. Andrew will focus better if you and the twins are being watched.”
“When you say ‘friends’ should I ask what type or is it better to leave it alone?”
She laughs. “Maybe you should inquire after Andrew returns.”
“That bad”
“No, but your imagination has already caused you nightmares. We should start our day, but don’t go near Daniela, wait until she is in the common areas so we can observe.”
“She was going swimming, I’ll meet her there.” I rise.
“No, wait until she’s crossing back and get her to sit in the courtyard, I want to give Emma and Victor a chance to observe her without being observed.”
Later, Lucas stops by. “I hear you met Victor and Emma. How does it feel knowing humans are not the only thing out there?” He teases.
“Since coming here, my life is not mundane.”
He laughs. “They are very good and have always used their talents wisely. Emma seems very fond of you and they know quite a bit about what happened here.”
“How can she be fond of me, she doesn’t even know me.” I laugh.
“Emma is the granddaughter of the woman Andrew saved in the marketplace. She’s so happy he finally found love, she watched him struggle for so long, she was always afraid for him.”
The angel’s words about sending a descendant to fight for him hit me as my mind grasps who Emma is.
“Mia, what’s wrong?”
“Emma’s related to me.”
“What?”
I recap what I heard in the woods.
Lucas laughs. “So that’s why Andrew insisted she come.
I had suggested contacting Reginald Smythe, but Andrew insisted on Emma.”
“Why would you suggest Reginald if Andrew wanted a witch, isn’t he a vampire.” I still can’t believe how normal my voice sounds talking about this world.
“He is, but before he was changed, he was an exceptional wizard, so he is both now.”
“Are there any limitations to the realms of fiction that haven’t been crossed?” I inquire amazed.
Lucas’ laughing interrupts my reverie. “Mia, it is only fiction to those who don’t believe.”
I see Daniela in the courtyard at an outer table. She looks up and waves. I rise, but Lucas stops me.
“Tell Eva and wait a few minutes so they can get in place.”
I go speak with her. “Do you mind if I join you?”
“Sure, you were right, it is nice here, I even spoke to Teri.”
I take the opportunity to test a theory. “I’m glad you’re socializing again, it must have been hard to give up your friends and activities to take care of your siblings.” Her eyes narrow.
“There wasn’t anything to give up. Besides, I told you, I liked taking care of my siblings.” Again, her tone makes my stomach twinge. “Dr. Angelis, Teri was telling me you race with her. Would you race me someday?” There is an unmistakable undertone in her voice.
“We’re a little shorthanded right now, but maybe someday.”
“I saw new faces go into Eva’s office, aren’t they here to help out?” She glares at me and I wonder if she knows why they’re really here.
“I don’t know who they’re covering for.” I try keeping my voice monotone. “Daniela, when you helped your siblings did you feel you needed help?”
“They were self-sufficient and my uncle was there. I’m sure you understand the need to be self-sufficient having had such a skilled pediatric physician for a mother. I’m sure she couldn’t even be home to cook dinner.” She replies coldly.
I’m taken aback. “How did you know who my mother was?” I try to sound detached.
“I looked you up on the internet. It appears tragedy likes to find you too. I wonder if it’s done with you yet.” Her tone turns my blood cold.
Despite my uneasiness, I try to use our common circumstances. “Hopefully tragedy is done with both of us. You have suffered far more than I have. I would like to help you find peace here.”
“Dr. Angelis, there is no peace for people like us. We just have to lessen our degree of hell any way we can. Don’t you agree?”
“Is that where you feel you are in your life right now?” Her eyes become brighter.
“That’s not what I feel, that’s what I know. I know my course and where it will lead. Do you know where you are and where your life is heading? Once you get lost everything will be stripped away and gone forever.” She declares with conviction.
“There’s always ways to change your life Daniela. If you work through the pain and adversity, you will find your way back to a place that you can call your own. I’m hoping we can help you find that place, that strong person inside of you, the one who can pick up the pieces and have something good arise from the ashes of your tragedy.”
“You have been up here too long Dr. Angelis. Don’t you know that once tragedy finds you, it never lets you go? It just finds new ways to cajole you into further suffering until you break, then it consumes you!” She leans closer to me until I jump. A sly grin crosses her face.
I try to sound unshaken. “I’m sure we could help you. Most of the patients here have suffered tragedy and worked their way forward to honor those they have lost.”
“Some can move forward, but others have ties that seal their fates or fates which will soon be sealed. Once that happens, it doesn’t matter how hard you try to change things, you can’t.” Her eyes bore into mine.
“Daniela that’s despair talking, many patients felt that way when they first arrived. It won’t be easy, but maybe we could help you find a way to cope with your loss and move forward.”
“Dr. Angelis, hasn’t anyone ever told you that some time people choose their course and cannot be helped because there are inescapable consequences.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you blame yourself for what happened to your family?”
“It’s late and I’m tired. I don’t know what I’m saying. I should get back to my room.”
The sky is dark. “We can talk tomorrow.”
Returning to the residency, my suite is full, Eva, Emma, Victor and Lucas are there.
“That was quite a conversation.” Eva states. 
“I didn’t see you, how did you…” Before I finish, I realize the company I’m in. “Since you heard, I don’t have to recount it.” I pick up Kayla to get her to bed.
Emma comes next to me. “May I help?”
Turning, I’m awestruck as I stare into the youthful eyes of my ancestor.
“You know who I am.” She smiles.
Standing next to her is truly blowing my mind. “I didn’t mean to stare, it’s just…”
“Don’t apologize, it’s incomprehensible.”
“It’s quite fantastical.”
“I’m glad you could see beyond the craziness and help this family. It’s quite a victory to have them free and I’m so happy Andrew found love. My grandmother spoke fondly of him and after learning what she was wanted to free him, but couldn’t. She is grateful that you fought for him and allowed yourself to love him.”
Victor interjects. “Mia, Daniela’s conversation was filled with latent threats. I don’t think she is confused at all. She is something more, but what I can’t say yet, we’re being blocked by her or someone else. What else do you know about her?”
Eva speaks. “I have everything they found about the deaths and her on our laptops, I can get that to you.”
I rise. Excuse me I need to make a telephone call. Calling the uncle’s psychiatrist, his nurse takes a message regarding my patient records request. I didn’t realize Lucas followed me. “How fast do you think we’ll have the information?”
“I don’t know. I have to convince him that we need it to treat Daniela because the circumstances driving both of them are so intimately related. Otherwise, he won’t turn over the records.”
We return to the living room and Eva sits by me. “Mia, considering Daniela is focusing on you. I think you should let me take this over for a while.”
“No! This is the first time she has really spoken and we are still no closer to gaining answers as to the reasons for her veiled threats. If I back away now, she’ll stop talking. What if my suspicions have swayed things or someone is manipulating her? What if she needs our help? I can’t live with myself if my mistake keeps another person from getting the help they need.”
Thankfully Emma interrupts as the hysteria of old ghosts creeps up within me. “I don’t think she is a girl in trouble. My read on her indicates a very old and powerful soul is attached to her.”
“Are you sure something isn’t manipulating her?”
“Without revealing my presence, I can’t be absolutely sure, but I’m pretty confident.”
“That’s not good enough. I let myself be swayed before and a young boy lost his life!”
Her eyes fill with compassion. “If you insist on pressing forward, please wear this.” She removes her necklace with a small pendant. Victor’s shocked.
He turns to her. “You haven’t taken that off in over four hundred years.”
Holding his hand, “I have you to protect me. She is still mortal. Even if we all watch her, in a split second we both know what could happen.” Their features twist and I wonder who they lost in that moment.
She turns back to me. “Wear it, it has kept me safe for centuries and I’m hoping it will protect you.”
Eva interrupts. “Even with that, one of us needs to be with you whenever you are with Daniela.”
“Is that really necessary? I thought I was safe within this area.”
“I’m not taking chances. We don’t know what we’re dealing with. Even a troubled mortal can hurt you.” Eva states sternly.
Lucas speaks up. “Eva’s right, you need to be cautious. She seems to have something against you. I would hate for Andrew to come home to find you were killed by her using a kitchen knife? Mia, this is serious, no matter what she is.”
The image of Andrew coming back and my not being here makes my stomach twinge and I know Lucas shocked me so I’d realize the seriousness of it all.
Emma rises. “You should rest. You’ll need to be able to analyze everything Daniela says logically, without being impaired by sleep deprivation.”
Alone with my thoughts, the telephone rings. From my beating heart, I know who it is before answering. “How are you beautiful?” His sultry voice fills my mind as I close my eyes, picturing him next to me.
“More importantly, are you safe?”
“I’m perfectly safe. We have taken care of the incubus and just have to clean up some of the mess he left behind. I’m hoping to be home soon. Did Emma and Victor arrive?”
“Yes and you could have told me.”
He laughs. “It didn’t take you long to figure it out. Have you made any headway with the Daniela mystery?”
I don’t want to tell him that we know she has something against me. He will only worry and I have protection. “We haven’t made much headway, but I called her uncle’s physician, maybe Dr. Meyers’ records have some answers.”
“Did Emma or Victor get anything on her?”
“They don’t want to reveal themselves yet.”
“Are you being careful?” I can hear his anxiety.
“Yes, someone is always with me. Jackson recruited Lucas to be my personal bodyguard. He is always around me when I’m outside.”
“That makes me feel a little better, but…” I hear him sigh.
“I wish you were here too, but you are needed there, so don’t worry. I’m fine. I love you.”
“I love you too. I have to go.”


Chapter Six Strange Dreams Reveal Hidden Powers

Drifting, I’m in a small dimly lit bedroom. There are two shapes under the covers. My body floats to an auburn haired woman sleeping next to a blonde gentleman. The positioning of their heads on the pillows appears strange. My hand inadvertently reaches forward shifting the covers revealing their practically decapitated heads. Shocked, I know exactly who is in front of me. I shut down my rising emotions, forcing myself to look around. There is no blood to speak of and nothing is disheveled. Even if there were two attackers, could they have been so synchronized, that there would be no sign of reaction at all? 
I carefully scan them from head to toe. There is nothing around the father’s body, but the mother’s finger appears to be pointing to a small stain. Forcing myself to move her ice cold, rigid finger, I stare until I discern that it’s actually a small letter “d”
My body is thrust backward through the bedroom door, through the hallway until I find myself in a brightly lit bathroom with two figures whose backs are toward me.
Looking at the mirror, I see Daniela, but something is wrong with her face. At first, it seems the steam from the hot water creeping onto the reflective surface is distorting her features. She is washing blood off her hands. Returning my eyes to the mirror, there appears to be a translucent image emanating from her thanking the person next to her for their help. The figure’s lips move, but Daniela’s appears perfectly still. My eyes shift between Daniela, the image before her and reflection beside her. The woman has a pasty complexion and sharp teeth. “You’re welcome. Call me, when you deal with the others, unless you have changed your mind and we can deal with them now.”
The translucent figure melds into Daniela as her eyes flash with fury. “We have to do this in stages or I will escape their notice.” Her voice sounds angry with a lilt I do not recognize.
“Will you let me help later?”
“Yes, I enjoyed watching you. Don’t worry, it won’t be long.”
They turn, walking right through me. As their essence crosses my own, I feel my life slowly withdrawing, casting my senses into a dark abyss. I cannot feel, see or hear anything, not even the beating of my heart. The sense of nothingness is so disturbing my mind rips me from my dream. Is my dream trying to tell me something or is my overactive imagination seeing conspiring demons at every turn? Although I know nothing in her file could explain the bathroom scene, her parents’ room is another story. Did my subconscious register something? Turning on my computer, I open the police photos. Compelling myself to look closely at them, I review each nuance. My dream is running parallel with the images on the screen. Daniela’s mother looks exactly as she did in the dream, but her eyes are open, vacant. The lifeless stare frozen on her frightened face confirms that she was not the one killed first. She saw what was coming for her. I scan down, her index finger points to the blood stain. Enhancing the image, I stare hard and long until I see the small “d”.
Kayla cries. Picking her up, it’s only five. There’s a soft tap at the door, it’s Emma. “I heard Kayla and wondered if you want some company.”
“Come in.” She feeds Kayla as I get Nicholas. 
“What were you looking at before Kayla woke up?” She inquires.
“How did you know I was looking at something?”
“Your computer screen reflection in the picture above your couch.”
“I was reviewing the police photographs of Daniela’s parents.”
“What spurred that interest?”
I can’t tell her, she’ll think I’m crazy.
“Mia, you’d be surprised what I’ve heard.” How does she know I’m worried about telling her?
“I dreamt of her parents and saw myself in their room. I thought I detected a practically indiscernible letter written in blood, a small “d” by the mother’s hand. When I studied the pictures, it’s there too.”
Her features turn contemplative. “It’s not uncommon for some of us to register more than we realize. When we relax and are unhampered by prejudices or the confines of our busy existence, our observations reveal themselves.”
“You sound as if this has happened to you.”
“It has. In my world we open ourselves up to nature and the universe, observing the powers that try to help us. The energy flowing through it, touching our lives reveals all sorts of things and can lead us to places we need to go or allow us to utilize its power to accomplish our missions.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Sure”
“What do you mean by your world, where do you live?”
She laughs. “I live on a farm in Nebraska with three of our children and two of my daughter-in-laws. When I talk about my world, I mean my relationship with those similar to my family.”
I don’t know why her living on a farm surprises me. “How did you meet the St. Clouds?”
Her features turn thoughtful. “We were living in Salem during the time of the witch trials. Those of us who were careful and benevolent with the use of our powers didn’t want to draw attention and were battling against those who thought their dark powers would protect them. I was pregnant and something happened that caused me to fall gravely ill. We weren’t sure if it was an illness or malevolent witchcraft.” Her tone turns sad. “I refused to leave our farm. The people were out of control with their accusations. Victor’s powers could not cure me. I became worse. Desperate to save us, he traveled to town to see the new physician and determine if he could be trusted to help. He couldn’t believe his luck when he came upon this pale faced stranger who was trying to teach one of ours how to avoid detection. He waited to approach him, but as they met up with other pale faced individuals, Victor saw him for what he was, dashing his hopes. By then, the fighting surrounded his hiding spot and Andrew arrived. Victor had a feeling and approached Andrew. Andrew explained he was a physician and would help provided Victor never spoke of the incident he witnessed. By the time they arrived, Victor trusted Andrew. As he entered, I used my powers to try and destroy him, thinking he influenced Victor. My panic sent me into early labor. I would have never survived the birth in my weakened condition. Despite my fighting him, Andrew saved me, but grew quite weak. Gabriel came to retrieve him. We were so grateful we invited them all to stay until Andrew was strong enough. We didn’t want them getting caught for helping us. I noticed his pendant and knew he was something beyond an ordinary vampire. We convinced them to share their plight hoping we could help. We even gathered those in our coven, but our powers could not break the bonds of their imprisonment.”
Mesmerized by her story, I didn’t realize Victor walked in. “I see she told you our history.” He kisses her.
“It’s very strange to realize what a parallel world travels amidst our own that we’re totally oblivious to.”
They laugh. “It’s not that you don’t observe it, it’s that most minds refuse to register the truth. Just think about what happened to you last evening.” Victor looks questioningly at us. Catching his look, Emma explains. “Mia is experiencing true realization in her dreams.”
“Fascinating” he turns to me. “Are you able to manipulate them to reveal the rest of the story as well?”
I’m mystified by his question, but Martina walks in.
As we walk, I feel the cool September mornings. “What did Victor mean?”
Emma hesitates. “I need you to keep an open mind because it has to do with you.” She sits. “Since coming here, your mind has compelled you to look beyond mere accepted norms. You have allowed yourself to delve into the surreal, and have accepted that things are beyond what they seem, but you’re new so your mind works best when it is unhampered by distractions and your conscious rationalizations.”
“I don’t understand.” I interrupt.
“Mia, the observations you make are registering leads in your mind to the resonance of energy which someone leaves behind by their actions.” My utter confusion must register with her. “Do you remember in science how you learned energy is never destroyed?”
“Yes, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“Whenever an action is set in motion, the objects and people surrounding the action absorb what has happened. Witches are sometimes able to pick up on the energy absorbed or call upon the energy released into the universe to see what happened, to reveal the full story. Have you ever observed something before and then when you were dreaming, the unanswered question surrounding the situation reveals itself?”
I thought about what occurred in the past year, especially putting together the answers surrounding this family and nod.
“Do your dreams unfold the answers to you in images or do the answers come into your mind?”
“I think it’s more from the images, but sometimes I don’t understand them until much later. Although, with the St. Clouds, it wasn’t until I was involved in a crisis, and then the answers just came.”
“That will get better with time and practice. You are still young.”
As her implications register, I reply much too loudly. “Are you telling me I’m a witch?”
Before she answers, a cold hand is on my shoulder. Looking up, Eva’s concerned face meets mine. “What’s wrong?”
Emma’s worried face turns to Eva and a look passes between them. “Mia thought I was telling her she is a witch.”
“What are you telling me?” I rasp.
“As a descendant of mine, sometimes traits get passed from one generation to another and lie dormant until someone is willing to open their minds and take advantage of the insights, powers and benefits this earth’s energy has to offer.” She responds gently.
Every cell in my body fights the unwelcome thought of what she is trying to tell me. Could it be that I was already connected to this surreal world? “So is this something that you can do?” 
“I can, but I only need to concentrate.”
“I can’t believe I am considering what she is saying. “Wouldn’t you be required to touch the object the energy is trapped in or use a spell to call upon…?” I shake my head, this is too much. “How did my dream about Daniela happen?”
Eva interjects. “What is this about Daniela?”
“I had a dream about something I saw in the police photographs that led me to a bizarre set of images.”
Emma interjects. “What do you mean? I thought you said the dream led you to see the small ‘d’ written in blood. What else did you see?”
“What ‘d’?” Eva inquires surprised.
My head spins as I whip back and forth between their questions. Standing up, I’m lightheaded. Eva grabs my arm. “Maybe you should sit.”
“No, I need to clear my head.” I stride quickly across the courtyard, unsure of where I am going. I find myself at the nursery door. Maybe Emma is right. I’m here because this is where I feel closest to Andrew, where energy from our encounters remain within every living organism of this peaceful haven. Opening the door, I’m caught unaware by the individual who stands before me.
“Dr. Angelis, aren’t you supposed to be on rounds?” She knows she caught me by surprise. The Daniela of my dream flashes before my eyes.
Fighting to sound authoritative, “Daniela, where is your Intern? You know you’re required to travel with one.”
Her expression turns cold. “I had a nightmare and couldn’t sleep. I’m sure you know how it is.” Stepping forward, I fight my instincts to step back.
Making my expression unreadable, “Daniela, the rules are to protect you. Let’s go, if they have discovered you’re missing, the staff’s routine will be disrupted.”
She doesn’t move. “It’s so nice here. Can’t we stay and conduct our session.”
“I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I have matters to take care and you need to be back in your room.” I move to circle behind her.
She stands, twisting her head to stare at me as a strange half-smile crosses her ruby lips. “Dr. Angelis, you dream a lot too don’t you?” She moves slowly. Her tone leaves me with the distinct impression that she knows exactly what I dreamt of last evening. Hastening my pace, in hopes she will too, she does the exact opposite. “So, do you have abundant dreams?” Her tone remains unchanged. Reaching the courtyard, my anxiety subsides.
“I think it is best to keep our discussions about your dreams. I’m very boring and only focus on work, even in my dreams.”
Eva is moving towards us as Emma deftly disappears into the residency. From my peripheral view, I catch Daniela’s defiant look. “I see you’re up early. You need to wait for your escort next time, the staff has been searching for you and it is very disruptive.” Eva states coming between us. “Dr. Angelis, someone is waiting for you in the residence, I’ll take Daniela back.” She maneuvers herself in such a way to quicken Daniela’s pace. She’ll have to teach me that move.
Daniela calls out to me. “I look forward to seeing you on our ride this afternoon. I know it will be very advantageous.” Without turning, I enter the residency.
Emma and Victor are sitting on the steps. “I thought we agreed you wouldn’t speak with her without one of us present.” Emma moves toward me.
“She surprised me at the nursery.”
“What did she say?”
Recapping our conversation, I head toward my suite. This is shaping up to be a very complicated and disconcerting day. Boy was I wrong in thinking the intrigue was over when we solved the mystery of their pendants. Only now am I beginning to understand that every day could bring clues to new puzzles and every night problematic and mysterious brain twisting dreams. I need some aspirin. Moving the mirror, the disturbing image of Daniela and the vampire staring back at me jumps from its reflective surface, quickly swallowing the pills, I launch myself onto the floor with the twins.
Victor sits across from me. “Mia, I know today has been quite taxing, but Emma told me there is more to your dream. You may be manipulating your dreams to reveal the rest of the story without realizing it.”
“I don’t think that’s possible. It has to be my overactive imagination.”
“Maybe it’s something your mind doesn’t want to comprehend. When someone is thrust into this existence, their mind tends to reject what it sees. You accept Andrew because you love him, but I’m sure there were things you saw that night in the forest which your mind still reels against. Am I right in guessing that you didn’t want to tell anyone about the rest of your dream because you fear what we’ll think?”
“Are you able to read minds like Gabriel?”
“No, but I can read faces.” He chuckles. “Let me assure you, nothing you say will be disregarded.” He sounds like us speaking to patients.
“After I saw the ‘d’, my body was thrust backward. I landed in a bathroom with two figures before the mirror. The water caused steam, but I could see their images. The woman was definitely a vampire, who I gathered killed Daniela’s parents and enjoyed it. She wanted to take care of the rest of the family, but couldn’t because of some plan in place to make Daniela appear targeted so she would be sent here.”
Victor interrupts. “There is something else. You’re hedging. Close your eyes and just tell me what you see without thinking.
Closing my eyes, I concentrate. “Daniela didn’t sound like herself and her image was distorted. At first I thought it was the steam, but it appeared to be another face over hers, almost like a translucent image.”
“Mia there’s something else.”
“When they left, they traveled through me and I lost all my senses, it was so disturbing that I woke up.”
“Mia, that wasn’t your imagination. In fact, from what you told me, we need to consider whether she is being influenced by a demon or possessed by one and if it is not a demon, it may be a black witch. Either case, you need to let Eva take it from here. You are not equipped to deal with either and it is too dangerous for you to be involved.”
“What if it’s only my overactive imagination that caused these images and she really needs help?”
“Come on Mia, I’m sure your imagination was never that active and couldn’t conjure up what you saw in a million years.”
“Ordinarily I would say you’re right, but after that night in the woods, I’m not so sure.”
“Victor is right, even with the protective charm it may not be enough. I heard her tone. She has something in mind for you.” Unknowingly, I grip Kayla closer to me. Emma puts her hand on mine. “She’ll never get close to them. I promise.”
Looking at my watch, I know the horses arrived. Reluctantly, I get up. “I promised Stephanie I would see her on the horse and take some pictures.” I turn to Martina. “I won’t be going. I’m waiting for Dr. Meyers to call and can work here if you want to go with them.”
“I think it might be best.”
Going outside, I help Lucas. “Emma told me what’s going on. I’m glad you’re staying behind.” He moves me away from the patients, “Was the vampire you saw like the ones in the woods or us?”
“I don’t know.”
“I didn’t think you would know, but it never hurts to ask.”
I move near Stephanie. “Are you coming?” She asks, petting a horse.
“Not this time. I have work.” I help her up and snap a few shots.
Turning to leave, I catch Daniela’s black and unhappy stare. 
Entering the residence, I call Dr. Meyers. His nurse informs me he’ll be finished with his patient shortly.
While waiting, I send an email to Stephan to see how Marie is feeling and if Edward is excited about his soon to be new sibling. My telephone rings. Assuming it’s Dr. Meyers, I answer. Andrew’s voice sends my heart pounding. “Beautiful, how are you holding up without your rock?”
“More importantly, is everyone there safe?”
“We are fine and will be coming home the day after tomorrow.”
“Really”
“Yes and then you, I and the twins are going to get away for a few days. From what Eva tells me, you have had quite an interesting few days. I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you, but when I come home, Emma and Victor are going to confront Daniela to determine what she is and I want you away from whatever action may develop. Have you heard from Dr. Meyers?”
“I thought you were him.”
“Try to convince him to send the records. The more we know the better it will be. In the meantime, promise me that you will not go anywhere near her or out alone. They told me of your encounter in the nursery. I don’t want you taking chances; especially if you possess the ability Emma believes manifests in your dreams, if she were to learn that…” He stops. I hear his anxiety.
I’m surprised at how much they told him. “Andrew do you really think it’s possible?”
His voice turns soft. “Considering how you have opened your heart and mind to us, I think it is very possible. From what Eva says Daniela may already suspect this too so stay away from her.”
“I will, she’s on the trails now and I’m here waiting for Dr. Meyers.”
“Good. Make sure someone is with you at all times until I return.”
“Is everything alright there or are you returning here because of what they told you. Andrew, I’m fine and I don’t want you rushing home if you are needed there. It doesn’t make sense to come home only to return in a week to a worse situation. I don’t want people hurt because you’re worried about me. I am well protected here.”
“Does that mean you don’t want me home?” He teases.
“You know I do, more than anything but not at the cost of leaving others vulnerable. There is more than enough of your family here to protect me.”
“Don’t worry. We are all on our way home. Some of our friends will stay on a more semi-permanent basis.”
My telephone beeps. I hate hanging up on Andrew, but can’t lose this opportunity. “I love you, it’s Dr. Meyers.”
“I love you too and will see you soon.”
Clicking over, “Dr. Meyer’s thank you for getting back to me.”
“My nurse told me it was urgent. She said you had trouble with Daniela. I don’t know if you are aware, but I was one of her initial physicians. That’s why they sent her uncle to me.”
“I wasn’t aware. Maybe you can provide me with even greater insight on her.”
For several moments he doesn’t answer, then clearing his throat, his voice drops to almost a whisper. My superiors have sealed my records regarding her and obviously didn’t forward them. I have been instructed not to discuss her case.
“I understand, but as her present physician, I could really use your help. We are trying to treat her, but her records are sketchy and she is quite closed off, unwilling to provide us with information. We’re afraid if we don’t make some progress soon, we could lose her.” I try to sound sincere. “Daniela is very young and I would hate to drive her further into isolation.”
“Dr. Angelis, how much do you know about what happened?” His tone sounds beyond mere concern.
“I know she is the only survivor of several attacks on her family which she is reluctant to speak of. The reports and records are insufficient to allow us to discern a course of treatment without further elaboration.”
“Dr. Angelis, did those records include anything from her time here with us?”
“Call me Mia, please.” Scanning, though, I notice they do not. “Dr. Meyers there’s no mention of you only a brief synopsis of drugs she was treated with at your institution.”
“It’s Jake.” I hear his hesitation.
“Why wouldn’t your records be forwarded to her treating physicians?” He’s silent. Taking a deep breath, I hope my intuition is correct. “You’ve observed Daniela speaking in voices which are not her own or you suspect she had something to do with the death of her parents? I know she knows more than she’s telling.”
His continued silence makes me weary. Finally, he responds quietly. “I was seriously questioning my own rationale about her voices. Her subsequent physician told me that never happened and my superiors thought I lost perspective because of all the research I was doing on the occult for an article I was pre-approved to write.”
“That’s not all of it though, is it?”
“No, but since my superiors disavowed my observations, what I’m telling you is off the record and in the strictest of confidence.”
“I won’t disclose our discussion. I just need to know how to treat her and whether she should continue residing in our non-restricted building interacting with other patients.”
“She’s intermingling with patients!” He shouts. “Mia, she’s dangerous! The medications we used had her talking and her conversations were fraught with innuendo.” He hesitates again. “I shouldn’t tell you this, but for the sake of your staff and patients, her uncle believes he witnessed incidents where she possessed superhuman strength. I can’t tell you anymore, because they sealed that part of the record.”
“Jake, please, if we are facing a situation, I have to have a reason to place her in lock down.”
“Look, I can’t send you the uncle’s records or discuss her anymore. Her situation has caused too much trouble with my superiors and I am probably the only one who remotely believes and can help her uncle. What I can do is send you some personal notes for the article which they couldn’t quash which will help. Just remember not all of my information applies to your case so read it carefully and get her out of your general population. I have to go, but I’ll send you the file before my next appointment.”
“Thank you.”
After a few moments, his email appears. The first few pages are like reading a text book. Reading on, I feel as if someone placed me in a movie theater, put the lights down and started a show. I see vividly what he’s describing. The police re-investigated all of the deaths after Sara died. They questioned the uncle when he committed Daniela as to whether he thought she had any knowledge or involvement in her family’s death, but determined that from his stories that she tried to turn him into a demon and was possessed, he was too far gone to help. He committed himself two days later. Reading on, this generic tale becomes more of a horror story.
Dr. Meyers next set of notes entitled Delving into Delusion gives a full account of the uncle’s beliefs as to Daniela’s involvement and details of the gruesome murders, but what I read next makes my blood freeze. Dr. Meyers noted the patient claimed the subject would enter his room and torture him at night, confessing every gory detail of the grisly murders and how they were going to take out another family one at a time, similar to the way their family was disposed of.
Finishing the article, everything comes into focus, she wiped out her family, methodically and grizzly to capture the attention of another family, the St. Clouds. She banked upon them taking notice and knew they would take her here. All the while, she would be able to plot and plan to take them out. But how could she think she would get away with it. Didn’t she realize she would be exposed as soon as she tried to take one of them out? Chards of frozen blood form ripping through my veins as I realize she probably is not alone, my dream showed me that. What if they only needed her inside Sanctuary in order to coordinate attacks? Maybe she was even in touch with them the night she disappeared. What if they used today, when the family was off the grounds to launch a strike like they did in Brazil? What if all of the events are connected? Andrew and the others stopped the coordinated attacks, but Eva and my family are not even suspecting such trouble.
Picking up my phone, I dial Eva but get voice mail. “Call me as soon as you get this.” I call Martina, Catherine, Lucas, all with the same result. I call over to the psychiatric building to get Carol to watch the twins. Waiting for her, I try Emma and Victor’s telephones, but no one answers. As Carol walks in, I run out yelling for her to keep trying to call Eva and tell her that Daniela is dangerous as visions of the night in the woods flash before my eyes.
Running across the trails, I hit redial but no one answers. I hope they stopped by the lake for lunch. Otherwise, I will never be able to catch them. Approaching the clearing, someone steps out from behind the trees and I freeze.
“You seem surprised to see me Dr. Angelis.” Daniela’s eyes blaze. Her features are filled with malevolence making me aware of exactly what I am dealing with. Recognizing the murderous look immediately, I know I’m looking at the face of the demon that will end my life.
“Where are the others?” I try to keep hold of myself.
“You don’t need to worry about them. They will be taken care of soon enough.” In a flash, she is behind me with her arm locked around my neck and lips at my ear. “You will suffer and in the end, you will commit to him.”
Thrusting me forward, I almost fall, but her grip tightens and my air supply is cut off. We move swiftly through the forest to a part I am unfamiliar with and have only seen in my dreams. Before me now is the cliff where the angel and child clung to the rocks as the gorge stretched out before them. Daniela picks me up, throws me, and I sail through the air toward the rocks, but before I hit them, my body descends down into the gorge. I cannot turn my head. The rock wall sides are growing longer and longer, I fall deeper and deeper, moving faster and faster towards my death. My eyes shift to the sky as images of Andrew, Kayla and Nicholas flash before me. The tears flow as I realize that love is once again being ripped from Andrew and the twins are losing another mother. It’s all too much. The moment is brief but time seems suspended. My heart aches from the painful thoughts of those I’m leaving behind. I wonder if Katrina felt this way before hitting the truck. I hear my thud as excruciating pain radiates throughout my very being. The last image flashing through my mind as I’m cast into my black abyss is Andrew telling me he loves me as he places the engagement ring on my finger.


Chapter Seven A Desolate Awakening

As warmth travels slowly up my arms and neck toward my cheeks, I hope I’m heading towards heaven and can apologize to my sister and David for leaving their children and assure them that Stephan has changed. As the heat intensifies, I feel the fiery embers of hell and brace myself. I must resist him. I must ensure I bring no harm to another, no matter what the cost to my soul.
Opening my eyes, I am not prepared for what surrounds me. Closing them, I try to dispel the image, but it remains unchanged. Trying to sit up, I’m stiff, but otherwise fine. Swinging my legs over the side of the bed and standing up, I feel dizzy, but compel myself toward the doorway, hoping to find Eva or Jackson, but there is only Nicole.
She moves quickly toward me. “How do you feel?”
“A little disoriented”
“Why don’t you get back in bed until the doctor can take a look at you?”
“Is Andrew back yet?”
Her expression appears strange as she shuffles me back to bed without another word. How did I survive the fall? Waiting for Eva, I flex my muscles, surprised that nothing seems broken. Andrew must have returned, but how did he heal me so quickly? The door opens and Lucas steps in. “Where’s Andrew? Can you help me get back to the residency, I need to see the twins and warn Eva.” The image of what happened creeps into my consciousness. “Did you lock up Daniela? She threw me off the ledge?”
“Mia, take a breath. You have been asleep for a long time.”
I interrupt him. “Is Andrew with the twins? Did you tell him I’m awake?”
His features turn grave. “Mia, Andrew never made it home. I’m sorry. Don’t you remember?”
“That’s not possible, if I’ve been out, he said he was coming home, he should be here by now. Where’s Eva, I need to talk to her.”
“Mia, what’s the last thing you remember?”
“Lucas, tell me what’s going on and why Eva or Andrew isn’t here.”
“I’ll be happy to answer your questions, but I need you to tell me the last thing you remember.”
“We can talk about that later. They’re in danger, Daniela is a demon? She’s going to hurt them?”
He puts his hand on my shoulder. I assure you, Daniela isn’t a danger to anyone. Please, I need you to tell me what you remember.”
I need answers, so I answer him. “Daniela grabbed me in the woods and threw me down a gorge. I woke up here. Now please tell me what’s going on.”
“Just one more question. What were you doing before that?”
I’m annoyed and can’t understand why Eva or Andrew isn’t here. “Look Lucas, I was reviewing Dr. Meyer’s email which indicated Daniela killed her family and was planning on taking out the St. Clouds. I called Eva, you, Serena and Catherine. When I got no one, I entered the woods. Before reaching you, Daniela got me and then I was careening down a gorge. Truthfully, I’m surprised I’m alive. Did Andrew heal me?”
Lucas’ voice turns somber. “Mia, they never made it back.”
Mist overwhelms my eyes. My life drains slowly, achingly out of me as what he’s saying registers. “What happened?”
“They were over the Atlantic when their plane exploded. There were no survivors.”
“Vampires are indestructible!”
“Not to fire, they perished. I’m so sorry.”
Andrew couldn’t’ be gone, I would feel his absence, I would feel the missing piece of my heart again, but I still feel him with me. Another wave hits, he said they all perished. Sobs rip from my chest more violently than the flow of white water rapids.
Lucas holds my hand. “Do you remember me telling you this before?”
“You didn’t. Why are you playing these games? I thought you were my friend? Where’s Eva?”
“I am your friend. I told you two months ago before you blacked out again. You have been in and out of consciousness since. We have been trying to bring you back, but this is the first time you have regained consciousness for more than ten minutes.”
“You’re lying!” I scream. Sitting up, I notice, for the first time, a feeding tube and panic. “Where’s Eva? Where are the twins?” I grab his hand.
He hesitates. “Mia, you could shut down again. Please, take time to absorb Andrew’s loss and then we can assess you and go from there.” I feel as if Lucas has thrust me into my coffin and is fighting to ensure he closes the lid. Darkness threatens to engulf me once more. Moving to get out of bed, Lucas holds me down. “Let me go, I need to get back to the residency and see the twins. Where are my clothes?”
“You need to stay in bed.”
“No, I need to see the twins, they need me. Who has been taking care of them? Did Martin and Suzanne come back?” His hold does not waiver and his features turn my blood cold. Fear engulfs me as I envision Daniela killing them. I begin hyperventilating. “Tell me they are alive, please! They have to be alive!”
His face softens. “They are alive, I promise you. You need to calm down so you don’t black out again.”
I force myself to calm down. “Lucas, please my mind is reeling. Why isn’t Eva here and why won’t you let me see the twins? Please, I can handle it.”
He sighs. “I’ll tell you, but you need to tell me if you feel dizzy.”
“I promise.”
“We haven’t seen Eva since Jackson perished in the explosion. When she received the news, she said she needed to go to the site and see for herself. She refuses to pick up her cell or call us back.”
“What about Martina and Serena, are they still here?”
“Yes, they are trying to hold on to helping the patients here. 
“Lucas, I’m feeling fine, so please tell me why you won’t let me see the twins.”
“Mia, the twins are with Stephan and Marie.” From Lucas’ features, I get a sinking feeling.
“Do you remember emailing Stephan before the accident?”
“Yes, I asked him how Marie was doing, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“Mia, you emailed Stephan that it was not safe for the twins here, you begged him to come and take them. When he arrived, you were already hurt. He stayed until you regained consciousness.” He appears to be searching for what to say.
“Lucas, what happened?”
“You grabbed him, screaming that it wasn’t safe for the twins here. You told him that demons killed Katrina and David and finally got to Andrew and the others and that they would be coming for you and the twins next. He thought you were having an episode from the medication, but the longer it went on, you spoke of vampires and being a witch. By the time you lost consciousness again, he was convinced that you had a complete break from reality over the loss of Andrew so soon after your sister and mother’s death. He stayed a few more days and recorded your next episode. He took the tape to a judge in order to secure custody of the twins and commit you to an institution. Serena fought to have the judge allow you to stay here because it would be the best place for you to work toward your issues. Stephan agreed when he realized that they were in no position to go back and forth to monitor your care with your father always gone, their taking the twins and with another on the way. We had the records sealed so it appeared to be a voluntary transfer of the twins due to your health issues.”
Waves and waves of despair crash over me, dragging me deep into the abyss. Fighting to remember, to hold on to anything that would make any sense, the email flashes before me, yet I see nothing about any danger to the twins. I see my fall and blackness engulfing me, the memories which filled my consciousness before what I thought would be my final moments, but I don’t remember ever regaining consciousness. My training tells me that the mind is capable of repressing things it cannot handle, but I always thought that my mind was becoming stronger, especially considering all of the surreal goings on which I dealt with over this past year. Then again, I did black out when things were coming together, but never for an extended period of time. Could it be possible that when I lost Andrew, my whole world came crashing down around me and my mind snapped, but then how could I be rationalizing now? I look at Lucas again. Are you telling me that I’m a patient here?” My heart sinks further and further into the nothingness that consumes what is left of my withering being.
“This will always be your home, but technically you are listed as a patient. Mia, we know that you’re not delusional, but we couldn’t have them take you outside of this complex.”
“I can’t believe they’re gone.” As the last word escapes my lips, I feel as if someone has just punched my chest, broken through my sternum and rib cage, directly impaling my heart. I cannot breathe! I fight for the next influx of air until my mind questions why. Andrew will never again be with me in this life, but maybe I can fight beside him in the next. The twins, whom I love more than my own life, are lost to me, there is nothing left. Even if I made progress, my brother would never let me get close to them again. They’re too young to even remember me. Closing my eyes, I stop fighting to breathe and am about to let death take me, without a struggle or even a whimper. At least in death, I can see my loved ones. Knowing there is nothing left in this life, I hope there is something in my next existence which will bring meaning. Surrendering to my closing lids, I see the impending darkness surrounding me, the abyss is consuming me. Will it keep me forever? Will I now become the puppet Andrew always feared and which he fought so hard against making me by denying our love for so long? I know Andrew must be in the light. By allowing death to take me in my despair will I become a child of the darkness? As darkness blankets my consciousness, I realize by accepting death openly and lovingly like a lost friend that is exactly what I will become. Death is not my friend and to willingly accept league with it will be to forever disavow everything that Andrew and I fought for, disgracing his memory and the memory of the love we shared.
 Accepting death now would be to accept that he and I would be separated for all eternity. That thought is unbearable. In some realm, I have to be with him. Although we may be separated on this plane, I hope by suffering and enduring the pain of his loss in this existence and fighting to do well, when death finally should come to claim my mortal body and move me into my next form, we can again be joined. I push against the encroaching darkness and emptiness of the abyss which I was willing to allow engulf my soul and wrench my eyes open to look at the new day knowing it will be the bleakest of my existence. Yet, I cannot greet the darkness with open arms and let it claim me now. As my eyes flutter, I think I see a look of disappointment in Lucas’ eyes, but as he comes into focus, I see only concern.”
“I thought you blacked out again.” He states quietly.
“I would have, but I cannot hide in the darkness forever. Can you get Martina for me?”
“I don’t want to leave you.”
“Please, I need to speak with her.”
While he’s gone, I close my eyes. My mind reels toward the abyss. My airway constricts as if someone has tied a noose around my neck and strung me up. My subconscious is shouting. If you will yourself to die, you will forever be behind an impenetrable wall of fire, watching through the distorted flames for glimpses of those you love. Knowing that if I ever want even a chance to have our essences joined once more, I must forge forward despite all the tragedy trying to derail me from the path of good, I try to cling to the larger picture, the hope that our eternity is not lost. Thankfully I am human and although my life here will feel like an eternity of being cast into a forever night of loneliness and sorrow, it truly will only be a brief blip on the radar of forever.
In the darkness of my night, I call to my mother. “Mom, please I need your help to wake up from this nightmare and see that Nicholas and Kayla are safely in their cribs and Andrew is coming home to me. For the briefest moment, I picture it in my mind, but the scene and images become marred by encroaching fog. Mist swirls around the twins’ cribs until they are empty and the room is barren, cold, and dark. My image shifts. I see Andrew driving home, but the fog swirls from the ground around him, forming an impenetrable wall that will forever block our happiness.
Dread presses upon the rim of my heart, squeezing it like a vice. Closing my eyes hoping to dispel the images and loosen the stranglehold around my heart, I know I need something to hold on to, a life vest to stop me from drowning in the ocean of sorrow which threatens to swallow me up. Desperately I search inside myself for strength, especially that which comes from the love of a child or soul mate. Knowing that a memory of Andrew will be just too hard, I concentrate on Nicholas. I see his eyes sparkling as the sun pops from behind the clouds causing my engagement ring to reflect a rainbow on his beautiful face. As he touches the ring, he looks at me “love momma.” I can see him laughing. I allow myself to feel his love, as the memory of Kayla reaching for Andrew’s face and calling him “da da” floods my consciousness and loosens the grip around my heart. As it does, I see Andrew and me at Lake Anna on the day he proposed. These are the memories I cherish most, these are the ones I need to hold on to. I can feel the life vest from the love I have been graced with slowly forming around me. Even though the gift was brief, I know I cannot diminish its importance by giving into despair.
Breathing deeply, I declare war upon my own despairing ways and vow to fight against them with every cell of my being so that I can reunite with those I love when I greet my eternity.
The door opens. Martina stands before me lifeless. Her eyes remind me of my mother’s just before she left this life. Moving towards me, she fights to command every cell to perform the actions which would normally come without conscious awareness. Even trapped as Lucy, she was not so devoid of life.
For as much as my world is crashing down around me like an asteroid careening its way to impact the Earth, I know Martina’s loss is so much greater because of her immortality. I can’t imagine how she feels to have Gabriel ripped from her after struggling for centuries to reunite with him. At least I have the hope of being reunited with Andrew after my heart takes its last beat. Without it, my chest will cave under the weight of my encroaching despair which threatens to wrap itself around me like the gauze used to bind an interned mummy. As I think of the surviving St. Clouds who are condemned once more, this time to walk the earth forever without their other halves, a new wave of sadness crashes over me. Digging deep within myself to grab the part of me that Andrew released and loved, I cast aside my own despair, hoping to bring some peace to Martina. If I can just help her, maybe some part of me can move forward.
I hug her. “I’m so sorry about Gabriel. Is there anything I can do to help you?”
Staring at me without seeing, she whispers. “Kill me.”
Grabbing her hands, “You can’t think that way. I know it seems impossible without them, but they loved us and fought so hard to follow the path of light, we can’t dishonor their memory by giving up. There is still so much to do here. ”
Her features become angry. “You can’t mean that! What has following the light brought us? It kept me locked in my own prison forced to watch Gabriel suffer. Now I am facing eternity without him, knowing he is once again suffering on the other side. Look at your life, it’s in ruins! You’re locked up here. The children, who were thrust upon you because of tragedy, once again lost a mother and have been ripped from your loving arms. Not to mention, Andrew who, after five hundred years, was finally allowed to love only to be thrust into a realm where he’ll probably get cast into hell forever, trying to get back to you. So please, give me one good reason why I should want to carry on and do anything in this life. There is only pain, suffering, loss and despair left for me and you!” Rising quickly, she is gone before I even register her movement.
I understand exactly what she means and part of me agrees with her every word, but I know deep down that it is the part of me that I have to fight against. The more resolute I become, the more I feel Andrew with me, urging me forward. Closing my eyes, I hear his voice. “Don’t give up. I’m here. I love you. Please come back to me.”
All too soon, I am cast into my now solitary existence. Forcing myself to get out of bed, I dress. Stepping into the hallway, I feel the emptiness. Eva’s lost smile and Jackson’s missing quick wit. Walking outside, even the blueness of the sky which once reminded me of Andrew’s heavenly eyes is gone filled with a graying mist. Entering the residency, my legs grow heavier and heavier walking toward the suite as the ache of my emptiness strengthens. Stepping into the darkened room, it’s devoid of all life. Turning on the light, my eyes scan over the dust covered relics of my once happy existence. I move mechanically to the double doors which once brought such joy and are now just coverings to an empty shell. Opening them, the cribs are gone and the open closet doors reveal only empty hangers. All that remains are the remnants of the white washed mural which once opened up a world of wonder to Nicholas and Kayla and the dust bunnies revealing how long they have been ripped from my life. Staring at the lifeless existence around me, I cannot understand why my heart refuses to recognize all hope is gone. Why is there some small corner holding on to the belief that we will be reunited? Maybe this is just too much to comprehend and I will slowly delve into delusions. I didn’t even realize I moved until my fingertips begin tracing the faint outline of a once vibrant elephant, which is now almost indiscernible. Staring at the spot, I see its vibrant image and hear the children cooing. As much as I want to continue the image bringing refuge to my breaking heart, I force my mind to accept my grim reality. Compelling myself from the wall, I sit in the living room brushing away the dust encasing the music box Andrew gave me our first Christmas. Blowing away the remaining particles, my fingers glide over the maroon rose adorning the case. I feel as if someone turned on a projector in my mind, I see that evening and feel Andrew’s arms holding me tightly to his strong chest. All of a sudden, the image shifts and I feel myself being thrust back through a long hallway with images of all those I love and lost popping up behind open doorways. As my body reaches each entranceway, the door slams shut and a piece of my heart is ripped from my chest. Reaching the twins’ archway, its faltering beats become more pronounced as I fight to take in a breath. Struggling to thrust my hand into the jam of the slamming door, the frame shifts and the door closes with a resounding thud, followed by the click of a lock. The door will not budge and two more pieces of my heart are ripped away from its core. Once again, I’m careening backward. Knowing what will happen next, I thrust my body toward the opening as I see Andrew fighting against the darkness. Grabbing the frame, my hands burn as something pries them off. The door slams shut and with it, the last remnant of my heart. I can no longer feel my heart beating. My eyes open, I’m not dead, but there is nothing left inside, my body stiffens into place. I cannot move. The images fade. My eyes fixate on the music box, but I cannot move my fingers to wind the turnkey. I see the darkness encroaching upon the room. After minutes, hours, days, I finally force myself from my catatonic state, wind the key and open the box. My effort, however, is not rewarded. The music plays a distorted, disturbing tune as the keys grind against the turn style. I have entered an alternate reality where everything is upside down and nothing will ever be right again, not even a simple tune from a music box. My eyes scan the darkened room as the awful distortion winds down, but still I cannot blink. Here I sit, my biggest fear finally realized. I will amount to nothing, do nothing to be proud of, feel nothing and be nothing. I am alone and isolated in my desolation. Before closing my eyes, my life was full of potential, love and dreams. Now, all love is lost, dreams are crushed and I remain an empty shell devoid of all potential, feeling and hope. I want to fight my way back to honor Andrew, but can feel the remnants of myself being cast into the abyss. I feel the darkness smiling in hell, opening his arms to greet me as I complete my fall.
A voice from somewhere deep inside whispers a strangled plea. Do you really want history to repeat itself? Do you want to take the course of Andrew’s mother, once again giving him the satisfaction of winning, the satisfaction that you just ripped from his grasp? Why would you give him back even one soul that was lost to him that night you stood beside Andrew and beat the devil? You can’t allow this. I know she’s right, but how can I move on?
Lucas’ words run through my mind. “They all perished.” Yet something inside of me refuses to grieve. I can feel the emptiness from the images of the hallway, but the more I try to accept them as real, the more I feel as if there is something more. I cannot understand it, but I feel as if someone is now planting a seed. Beyond the isolation, I feel some small ember which refuses to be extinguished. Is there a piece of myself which could somehow survive this existence to rescue my eternity? If there is, I need to fan the ember, ignite a spark, and fire up this dim flame of hope to push my life forward.
Forcing myself to rise, I need to find the book of memories Andrew compiled for our wedding. I need to gather strength from the love that graced my existence, allowed me to face the most difficult challenges and brought me out the other side.
Compelling myself towards Andrew's room, I hear water running. My heart races wildly. Have I woken from an awful nightmare? Rushing into the room, I pull back the shower curtain, my mind goes completely dark. Waking on Andrew’s couch, Lucas is holding my wrist. Sitting up, my head spins wildly.
“That may not be the best idea. Your fall was pretty nasty. You may have a concussion from hitting the sink, but I won’t know that until we get you back to your room.” He helps me up.
“No. I’m done with hospital rooms. Just help me back to my suite.”
“That wouldn’t be wise. You should stay in the ward.”
“Lucas, please, I’m not delusional. I know you said I’m a patient, but are you telling me I can’t stay in my suite any longer?” I feel as if I’m being strangled.
“I didn’t mean that at all. I just don’t think it would be healthy for you.”
“Please, I need to stay here. Why are you in Andrew’s room anyway?”
His features turn strained. “It’s my room now. I moved here six weeks ago. With so many new staff members we needed to settle into our places. I never realized what an undertaking this was.”
Looking around now, Andrew’s things are gone. “Lucas, do you know what happened to Andrew’s things?”
“Catherine removed them. I think we should x-ray your head.”
“No, I’m sorry I bothered you. I should have realized someone moved in.”
Returning to my room, I call Catherine. Entering she appears tentative. “I’m sorry that we couldn’t hold on to the twins for you.”
“Thank you for fighting to keep me. I don’t know what I would have done if I woke up anywhere else. Catherine, how do you cope?”
“At first, I didn’t, but then Eva ran and there were so many patients to care for here and you. I had no choice.”
“Has anyone heard from Eva?”
“No. She was so devastated over Jackson, her brothers and the twins, it became too much.” As she speaks, I see the life being ripped from all of our hands, just as we were accepting the possibilities. “Catherine, where did Andrew’s things go? There was something he was working on that I need to get.”
Her features turn somber. “I put them in storage, but we don’t have them anymore. Mia, I’m sorry, we had a problem with some pipes bursting and everything was destroyed.”
I finally feel it and need to be alone. “Excuse me. I need to take a walk.” Quickly exiting before releasing my escaping sobs, I run past the nursery, past the trails, into the dark forest, fighting for each breath. I enter the cabin. Logs still lay near the hearth. Placing them in, I pick up a match and try to light it, not realizing my hands are soaked from tears. Wiping my hands, I pick up another match. As the fire roars to life, images of Andrew and the twins dance across the flames. Those images are joined by Jackson’s eyes always following Eva and Gabriel’s smile. The visions are beautiful, peaceful without even a hint of horrific images to cast them aside.
Sleep claims me.
Waking to a cold, darkened cabin, my already stiff muscles are locked in place. I hear pelting against the roof. Forcing my legs straight and rising, I see the hail and slick layer of ice on the ground. Only now do I realize its winter. My stomach grumbles, but without a coat or even boots, I cannot compel myself to brave the ice while feeling such rigidity in my bones. I need to get warm so that I can cross the woods. Looking around the cabin, no one left any clothes that I could wear to head back. Relighting the fire fails to bring relief. My hands shake as I open the Jacuzzi room. I can see Andrew’s image, but need to enter the tub to have any hope of loosening my muscles to make it back through this storm, without suffering severe physical pain. It is strange looking into the room. Although images of him bring my mind comfort, they sadden my heart. My suit no longer hangs on the door. I shut the water and try the fire once more, but to no avail. I need to loosen up so I can move quicker and sustain any falls. Entering the tub, the water warms my joints. I feel less stiff. Kneeling in the middle, I’m covered up to my neck. Closing my eyes, I hear Andrew voice. “Mia, I love you, please come back to me. We need you.” My eyes fly open as I feel someone touch my arm. I’m staring into eyes I do not recognize.
“I didn’t mean to frighten you.”
Embarrassed, I wrap my arms around me. “Who are you? What are you doing here?” I inquire nervously. Focusing, he looks familiar. He is one of them. If he wanted to hurt me, I would already be dead.
He kneels down. “I’m Jason” As he says this, I remember seeing him back in Boston.
“Can you give me a minute?”
Realizing I’m undressed, he turns immediately. “I’ll wait in the other room.”
He is sitting by the fire. I sit. “I didn’t mean to surprise you. I just arrived and wanted to see how…” He stops. His eyes shift to the floor.
“To see how I was doing with Andrew’s loss.” My voice cracks.
“I’m sorry. Sometimes I speak before I think.”
“It’s fine, but why did you come to the cabin?”
“Catherine suspected you ran here and was coming to bring you these.” He passes me my coat and a bag with an apple and water.
“Thank you. You don’t have to wait. I can find my way back.”
“It’s pretty bad and if you get hurt, I won’t forgive myself.”
Staring at the extinguishing embers, I do not want to leave. At least here, no bad memories found me. I feel close to Andrew, but Jason stands up and opens the door, allowing the arctic air to flow through. We travel over the slick terrain slowly.
“How are you doing? You had quite a bit to wake up to.”
Despite Andrew speaking of him and seeing him in Boston, I don’t want to talk to anyone. “I’m alright. I just need to adjust.”
“Andrew was right you do try to be stoic. He spoke of you a lot in Brazil, about how accepting you were of him and how you fought for him. He loved you more than his life. I knew him for a very long time and he never spoke of anyone the way he spoke of you.”
“He talked about me?”
“Are you serious? He never shut up about you and the twins. Do you know what it is like to spend every hour with someone and all he does is talk about this great woman and how wondrous she is?”
“I’m sorry he bothered you so much.”
“I’m teasing. I was hoping to make you smile. Andrew said your smile made the warmth of the sun pale in comparison. I am happy that he had someone who made him happy. I hope this will help, but he walked this Earth for centuries without ever finding comfort or peace, but with you that all changed. You made his last days, the happiest he ever experienced in either life and he would have never left you by choice. I’m sure that he…” He stops talking and his eyes shift to the ground.
“What were you going to say?”
“It’s nothing. Sometimes my mouth speaks before my mind thinks.” From his tone, I know he’s lying, but don’t know him well enough to push. He turns. “I know you don’t know me, but Andrew helped me through some very dark days, if you need to talk and feel you can’t talk to the others because they are grieving too, my door is always open.”
“Do you know if things in Brazil are still alright?”
“Father Montague and our South American friends are doing very well.”
“I’m glad.”
He interrupts. “Mia, you don’t have to be strong all the time. Sometimes, letting go helps you heal.”
Tears sting my eyes. “I can’t”
“Why”
“If I let go, it will be too hard to pick myself up.” My unbidden response surprises me.
“You have to give yourself time to grieve in order to find what gives you hope and strength to move forward.”
I can’t tell him that something inside me won’t allow me to grieve.
Lucas and Jeffers are spreading ice melt. Hearing our approach, Lucas comes over. “Jason you arrived.”
A strange smile passes between them. “Why don’t we catch up in a few hours, I promised Catherine I would see her as soon as I got back.”
“Have her give you your schedule.”
He heads toward administration. Lucas turns to me. “How’s your head?”
“It’s fine. Where should I start, who hasn’t been seen today?”
His features turn confused. “Maybe we should go inside.” He motions me forward. “Sit. I’ll get you a hot cup of tea. You must be frozen.”
“I’ll get my tea while you tell me what you’re trying to avoid.”
He hesitates before delivering the next blow, which if I was thinking clearly, I should have seen coming. “Mia, you aren’t licensed to treat patients anymore. I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine.” My voice turns resigned as the last single strand which could give me some type of purpose slips through my fingers ensuring that I have no purpose or meaning anymore. I am being encased in lead; my legs feel as heavy as my heart. I cannot stay under Lucas’ watchful eyes. Robotically, I move outside, not knowing if I’m even wearing a jacket. I don’t feel the cold or hear anyone. Someone shakes me violently. My eyes focus. I now see the dark, feel the cold, but my mind cannot believe who is holding my arms. Maybe sitting outside, I froze to death. I must be in hell. There is no other explanation as to why Daniela is now sitting beside me with a strange satisfied smirk.
“So how does it feel to be part of the damned Dr. Angelis, or should I say Mia since doctor no longer applies to one locked up like the rest of us.”
Before I realize, my hands grab her arms. “You tried to kill me! You destroyed everything! You...”
Catherine effortlessly removes my hands. “Stop, you’re going to hurt her!” She turns to Daniela, “Are you alright?” Her tone sounds concerned. I have to be dead, there’s no other explanation.
“Dr. St. Cloud, thank goodness. I came to see if she was alright and she grabbed me.”
“She’s lying!”
“Daniela, get back to the unit, I’ll be there shortly.”
“Maybe you should give her something.” Rising, she smirks at me before leaving. 
I grab Catherine’s hand. “She tried to kill me and is now taunting me.”
“Mia, she didn’t, she was targeted by a witch. Come on, let’s get you inside, you must be freezing.”
Following her into the kitchen, I sit down, staring at her. “Daniela was bewitched. She wasn’t acting under her own accord when she tried to kill you. She doesn’t even remember doing anything against you. When she found out you were awake, she became excited. I didn’t realize she was going to talk to you or I would have warned you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“She was manipulated, just like a puppet with a witch pulling her strings. After we found you and saw the emails, Emma and Victor figured out what was going on. We tracked her down in the woods trying to escape. After removing the witch’s influence, Daniela began having nightmares of what had happened. We’ve been working with her to deal with the death and destruction brought about because of her. She’s made some small breakthroughs. When she heard you came out of the coma, I knew she wanted to see you, to see something survived her devastation, but I didn’t realize she would approach you.”
“Catherine, you’re wrong, she welcomed me to the damned.”
“You have to be mistaken, maybe you heard what you were expecting, not what she said. I assure you that your waking is the only thing that is assisting her with moving forward since learning what happened.” The conviction in her tone makes me question what I heard. “Mia, are you still with me?”
“I’m considering what you said.”
“Give it time. We’ve had a few months. Eva still refuses to speak with anyone.”
Her words thrust the ruins of our shattered lives before me. “Catherine, I need to go to my room.”
“Let me set you up another room.”
“No, I need to face my reality.”
“I don’t think staying there will be good for you.”
“Catherine, you know you can’t run from memories. Changing my surroundings won’t change anything. By the way, do you know where my computer is? I didn’t see it in the room.”
“I’m not sure where it is now. When we lost you and Eva left, I had the new staff using the computers because they were already configured with the records.”
“If you could find mine, I had all my photographs and information on the hard drive.”
“I’ll see who has it.”
“Thank you” Inside my room, I decide to call Stephan. Knowing it will be an unwelcome shock, I hope he won’t hang up in my face. The phone rings twice, someone picks it up, but says nothing. “Edward is that you?”
“Yes, who’s this?”
“It’s your aunt Mia. How are you?”
“I’m good, are you feeling better now? When daddy brought home Nicholas and Kayla he said you were sick.”
“I’m doing better, is your…”
I hear Stephan’s voice “Edward what are you doing with the phone. I’m expecting a call, don’t play with that.”
“I’m not, it’s for you.”
“Ray, thanks for getting back to me.” 
“It’s not Ray, Stephan it’s me.” I hear his gasp, but he doesn’t hang up. I seized my opportunity. “Please, I need to speak with you.”
“When…When did you wake up?”
“Yesterday…Stephan, please, I know I sounded delusional when you saw me, and I understand why you took the twins, but it wasn’t really me talking, it was all of the medication causing hallucinations. I’m sure it was very disturbing, but you know what strange reactions patients can have and they had me on some very powerful medications.”
“Mia, you do sound like yourself, but considering the email you sent me and then what happened when I saw you, I had to take them. You weren’t on medication when you emailed me about the dangers of Sanctuary and considering what it is, you were right, just look at what a patient did to you. If the twins were with you, they would have never survived being pushed off that ledge.”
“Stephan, please, the twins are my whole life. I love them.”
“I know you do and that’s why I know you’ll understand and be happy that they are in a stable, loving home with parents who can provide a safe, warm, and nurturing environment now. Mia even if I ignore the email; you have no job, you are alone and your medical license has been pulled. I know it is because of me, but even if you are reinstated, no one but Sanctuary would employ you and it’s no place for children. Martin and Suzanne agree.”
I hate to admit it, but with everything going on here, he’s right. “Could I at least see them some time? Stephen please, I can’t lose all contact with them. I beg you!”
“Look, I’m glad you sound more like yourself and didn’t attack me on the custody issue. Deal with Andrew’s loss and try to stabilize your life then I will come out and maybe we can arrange a visit somewhere close to Sanctuary.” I hear a crying newborn in the background. “Mia, I’ll talk to you soon, Elizabeth is crying.”
Hope that I could someday see them, plants a seed in my heart. I also realize he’s right. This is no place for them. A dark image flashes across my mind of the children being with me and getting thrown down the gorge. I would have lost them forever too. I need to work towards reinstatement and getting my life back so he will at least let me see them. I need my computer. I need to see pictures of them and Andrew. Waiting for Catherine to return with it is making me anxious. I need to relax my racing mind and tensing body. 
Stepping into the shower, the water flows around me. My mind floats through a swishing sea. Closing my eyes, I hear my name being called, but the voice is no more than a faint echo. Concentrating, the voice is softer than a whisper. “Mia, we are trying to come for you. Don’t give up. Fight what you…”
The voice vanishes as Catherine calls out. “Mia, I’m leaving your computer on the table. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Quickly closing the water and dressing; my mind races with anticipation of seeing their beautiful faces. Searching my computer, I can’t find my picture folder. The computer only contains notes signed off by Dr. Warren Lock. I run through several search engines wondering if he archived them, but without luck.
All of the pictures are gone. Disappointment shoots through me like a bullet through a paper target, once again knocking me down. Staring at the computer trying to will them into existence, I remembered Eva sending information to a remote server and wonder if Dr. Lock found them and did that. If he did, they could email them. Throwing on my coat and boots, I cross the slippery ground to Catherine’s office and search her computer for the contact file. Dialing the after-hours’ number, I speak to the night clerk, give him all of the information, and I sit and wait. I’m surprised when the phone rings so soon. “Thank you for getting back to me so fast.”
“Dr. Angelis, I was about to apologize for the delay” Looking down at my watch, I can’t believe I was sitting here for four hours. “But I wanted to be sure we didn’t have the file.”
“Thank you for trying.” Hanging up, another piece of my shattered heart falls away. My last hope is Dr. Lock and I find myself waiting again, it’s too early to see him. My grumbling stomach decides my interim destination, but as I try to swallow a bite of toast, the knots of anticipation and worry make eating uncomfortable.
The psychiatric building is filled with new staff members. Our office is sterile and cold; no flowers, no pictures, no sign of personal effects. Unsure of whether I should sit behind my desk, I pull the chair away and sit on it.
My eyes shift as the door opens. Expecting to see a new staff member, I’m instead greeted by someone I wish to never see again. “Mia, you shouldn’t be in here. Wasn’t it you who told me patients don’t come into physicians’ offices?” She states smugly.
“Then what are you doing here?” I retort.
“Dr. Lock asked me to get his blackberry. What are you doing in his chair? You should know by now that life has been lost to you forever. It would be easier for everyone if you just disappeared, or even better, you should consider ending your miserable existence. At least then you would be of use to someone, instead of taking up space on this plane as the pathetic shell of your former, insignificant self. I can’t even waste one more moment looking at your sorrowful face, Dr. Lock is waiting for me,” She reaches over me, grabs the blackberry, and flies out the door.
I want to see Dr. Lock, but if he doesn’t have the key, the thought of Daniela watching as pain engulfs me once again, is just too much. Despite holding them in my memory, the idea of losing their pictures is too much. My hands fly to my face as their images flash then disappear into the dark nothingness which is now my existence. Daniela is right, my life is insignificant. The twins don’t need me. Without my license, I can’t help anyone, not even my old patients. Then again, they are probably all better adjusted than I am. Knowing what this place was founded to do, I can’t believe no one realizes what Daniela still is. I can’t even run from her. I have nowhere to go. I can’t stay with Stephan and my father would never allow me to stay with him considering the work he is doing. I probably can’t even leave. Sorrow overwhelms me as tears flow freely. Wrapping my arms around my upraised knees, trying to hold myself together, I think I hear someone. “Don’t give up, fight!” I look up. No one is there. I’m hearing voices. I really am going mad. Drawing my knees closer to my chest and closing my eyes tightly, I can’t stop myself from rocking back and forth. I can’t even think of what I should do.
I jump as a cold hand is upon my back. My eyes meet those of an older gentleman with graying hair. “Are you alright, Mia?”
Straightening up, I dry my face. “Are you Dr. Lock?”
“No. I’m Reginald Smythe. I wish we could have met under better circumstances.” He holds his hand out to me.
Rising, I remember how Andrew spoke with him, not that that mystery matters any longer either, except to take yet another piece of my heart from me as those cherished visions are now marred by his absence. Mechanically, I shake his hand. “It’s nice to meet you. Did Catherine call you here to assist?” I can hear the hollowness in my voice.
“No, I came looking for you.”
His revelation surprises me. “Why would you do that, I’m of no consequence anymore?”
His expression turns bemused. “Quite the contrary, you are probably the only one who can help. Before I get into that, I have something for you.” He hands me a badly damaged laptop.
“I don’t understand?”
“It was recovered from the wreckage, it belonged to Andrew.”
“It doesn’t even look like it works. How can you tell? They all had computers like this.”
“It doesn’t work alone, but when I hooked it up to mine I could tell it belonged to Andrew by the screensaver.”
Grasping it to my chest, tears well in my eyes escape. “Could you show me please?” I beg.
“Of course I can, but you probably already have it and even with my computer, it is a little scratchy.”
“I don’t care. Please, I don’t have any pictures left. I was hoping Dr. Lock had them, but I haven’t had a chance to ask him yet.” I blurt out, holding the computer out to him. Watching as he hooks up a small gadget from his pocket, my heart races with anticipation. As it appears, I can’t help but run my fingertips over the scratchy vision of Andrew, the twins and I. I quickly blink away tears so I can gaze upon their glorious faces. “Thank you. I can’t tell you how much this means to me. Can I ask you a favor?”
“Of course”
“Could we bring this over to Catherine so that I could print it out?”
“Absolutely, and on the way you can tell me how the others got erased. Maybe I can figure out a way to retrieve them.”
Walking out, I see Daniela next to a tall blonde man in the lounge. Although I want to ask him about the pictures, doing it in front of her would only give her more fuel to torture me. I force myself out the door. We walk across the slippery courtyard. I cling to the small screen.
“Mia. I would have come sooner with this, but I had some matters to wrap up. Andrew spoke so highly of you. I hope you know how much he truly loved you. How have you and the twins been adjusting?
“Mr. Smythe…”
“Reginald, please”
“Reginald, I just woke up from a coma. While Andrew was in Brazil, a patient who was supposedly bewitched threw me off a ledge and my brother has taken custody of the twins.”
“Will they be returning soon? It would be quite something to meet such young survivors of this atrocious fight.”
Knowing he will learn my circumstances anyway… my voice becomes small. “The twins won’t be returning. I can’t take care of them. I’m no longer a physician here; my brother had me committed. He came to see me after the incident and I started screaming about vampires and demons that were coming to hurt the twins.”
His face is unreadable. We stop just before the door. Turing to me, “Well, it seems as if I arrived just in time. Andrew would never approve of any of this, he told me what a wonderful mother you are and caring physician you were developing into. Have you tried reasoning with your brother since you woke up?”
“I did call him and at least he didn’t hang up on me. However, speaking with him, he’s right. This is no place for them. I can’t provide a stable home even if by some miracle I was to get my license back. No one will hire me and without Andrew and his family, it’s not safe here.” I stop talking as I feel the weight of their loss crushing my chest. My throat closes as if caught in a tightening vice.
He enters and ascends the stairs without a word. Entering Catherine’s office, she is there with Martina. Catherine hugs Reginald. “I didn’t realize you arrived.”
“It’s fine. I found who I was looking for. In fact, we need your equipment so that I can print out a picture for her.” As he’s hooking up the equipment, he turns to Martina. “I have something for you.” He reaches into his pocket and hands her a small charred circle. By the way Martina clutches it to her chest I know it has to be Gabriel’s wedding band.
“Thank you. I’m sorry we won’t have a chance to get caught up, but I’m leaving tonight for our hospital in Italy, I can’t stay here anymore.”
As her words sink in, I realize there will be no one left soon from Andrew’s family. Will they leave anyone of their kind here or will I be facing my unending abyss of loneliness alone, without anyone who really knows what went on until I die? The walls close in on me as I consider being locked up here forever. I need to get my license back or at least reverse the involuntary committal. What I once thought of as an escape, a home filled with happiness and peace is now becoming a prison I need to escape.
Martina catches my staring. “Mia, I’m sorry, it’s too difficult to stay, but you can still contact me and if I see Eva, I’ll have her get in touch with you.”
Hugging her fiercely, I fight back the tears. She has already been through too much. I won’t add to her misery. As the door shuts, Catherine hugs me. “It’s alright. Serena and I aren’t going anywhere.” Reginald places the picture in my shaking hands. Struggling to see their beautiful faces through my tears, I hear Catherine. “Reginald why don’t you see what you can get from Mia’s computer. I’ll track down Warren to see if he put the pictures on a key.”
Looking up to thank her, I shake my head as my mind registers her smirking and a look passing between them which I know can’t be right. Despite my best efforts, I cannot shake this strange feeling that my existence is more surreal now than it ever was with Andrew. I close my eyes, wondering if this is why I am hearing voices and feel more disconnected from myself than ever before.
Reginald interrupts my introspection. “Shall we go?”
We cross the courtyard quickly. Flicking on the lights of my now lifeless and haunting room, I can understand why Martina needs to leave. Reginald strides past me. I feel a strange pang watching him sit on the couch where Andrew always sat. The feeling of loneliness hits me anew, like a boxer pounding upon my chest. I can’t breathe.
Opening my computer, he looks up at me. “Why don’t you get changed and have something to eat, this will take me a while.”
The way he stares causes me to look down at myself. I’m disheveled. Forcing myself to go into the bedroom, I open the closet which still has my summer clothes. The gray sundress is in front causing images of Lake Anna to hit me like a rushing river. My tears flow too fast and furious. Slamming the door, I need to get hold of myself. I can’t take another memory. Pulling open my bottom draw to grab some sweats, my clothes have been changed around. Surprised, I rummage through the draws quickly and jump into the shower. At least the warm water is familiar unlike the bizarre reality which is my life. As my body unwinds, I once again hear voices echoing around me, knowing no one is there. This time, I hear Emma’s whispered tone floating through my thoughts. “Mia, if you can hear me, water is a conduit, keep it with you. I’m here but need help.” I freeze as my mind register’s Andrew’s soft plea “Mia…” My eyes fly open. The voice vanishes. I hear Reginald. “Mia, is everything alright?”
“I’m sorry, I’ll be right out.”
“Take your time. I just thought you called out.”
Coming out, his hands are stroking the keys as another image forms. “I found another picture, but restoration will take a while. The program I have is quite old, but I will find my other one when I unpack.
“Thank you so much!” I throw my arms around him.
“You’re welcome. You should try to eat.”
“I’m not hungry. Can I get you something?”
“No. You need to eat.” He rises and heads to the kitchen. “Where do you keep the food?”
“There’s another kitchen downstairs.” He leads me down there and I grab a pear.
“You need more than that to get your strength back.”
“I’m not really hungry.”
“You will get through this, but you need to take care of yourself.” We hear the door open and Reginald takes a breath. “Catherine we’re in here.”
By the expression on her face, I know the pictures are gone. I can’t swallow the piece of pear which feels like a lead weight about to choke me.
Reginald reaches across the table. “Don’t worry, I’ll take your computer this evening and get my other programs working on it.” I force a nod. He rises. “Come on, maybe seeing your other picture will make you feel better.
I feel like a robot, moving stiffly in short disjointed movements as my mind races. If it didn’t work, all I will ever have is the small, scratchy image. Grateful for at least that gift, I need to get that somewhere safe, somewhere protected. I need to find my watch and place it inside. Walking through the doorway before me, Reginald turns the computer around. I fall to my knees, staring at a photograph of the twins when they were first born. I hear them cooing and crying. I force the sounds out of my mind. I can’t let it play tricks on me. Reginald kneels beside me. “See, some images can be recovered. I’m sure between your and Andrew’s computers, we can make you a lovely photo album. It will take some time to ensure I don’t destroy anything in the process. Tracing Kayla’s beautiful lips, I nod fearing if I look away, the image will disappear.
Reginald speaks softly. “I have to go, would you mind if I take the computers now.” Kissing my fingertips, I run them across the twins’ heads. “I love you, sleep well.” Turning to him “Thank you”
“You’re welcome. Get some rest. Jason and I will put our heads together regarding getting your license reinstated.”
Alone, I sit on the couch as images of the twins, Eva, and my beloved Andrew flood my thoughts. I jump hearing a voice at my ear, but no one is there. “Why didn’t you trade places with me? If you had, my children wouldn’t have lost two mothers and I wouldn’t be in this terrible place suffering with Andrew because I tried to save him!” Suddenly a ghastly image of my sister sitting up on an operating table engulfed by flames overtakes my vision. She screams again. “Please come and save us, only you can do it, hurry!”
Crying out to her, “Tell me how! Please where are you?” My door crashes against the wall, the vision vanishes, and Jason runs in, his head whipping around, searching the room.
He kneels beside me. “Are you alright? What happened?”
“I’m sorry, I must have fallen asleep. I didn’t mean to disturb you.”
“You didn’t.” He sits beside me. “Lucas told me what you’ve been through since you first came here and then Reginald told me about the pictures. I’m so sorry.”
“Jason, do you think it’s possible to get messages in dreams?”
“Why do you ask? Have you received messages in your dreams, is that why you screamed?” His tone is filled with concern. I regret saying anything. Despite watching me in Boston, he doesn’t know me. I shift trying to think of something to say.
“Mia, Reginald is very knowledgeable. I’m sure he could help you. You may even be surprised at what you find out from him.”
“Is he here because of someone’s dreams? Is it Daniela?”
“No, not her”
I remember what Reginald said to me. “He came for me, why?”
Jason’s features turn tense. “You should speak to him. He’s across the hall.”
I go to his room, but he’s not there. Returning, I wonder if Jason didn’t tell me why Reginald came because I look too unsteady. Hoping into the shower again, I need to at least look strong enough to get some answers. Whatever he’s here for, it must have to do with something he and Andrew discussed before the accident. My head spins with the possibilities. As the water calms my raging thoughts, I hear someone call me. Shaking my head, I hear the voice more clearly. “Mia, we need you to work with us, concentrate…” The voice fades. Immersing myself in the hot water, I struggle to clear my mind. The voice returns, stronger. It sounds like Emma. “We are trying to reach you. We’re here. We need you to come back to us…” Her voice fades again. Remembering, hearing that water is a conduit, I plug the tub, allowing it to fill around me as I place my head under the spout. The voice rings in my ears. “Trust your instincts, things are not as they seem. You need to see through…and come back. Please…Don’t do anything dangerous, please. Andrew is…he is trying to get to you, he…” The voice fades again. It feels as if someone is inserting earplugs in my ears cutting off my senses. The harder I concentrate, the more my head feels as if it is swimming in the Dead Sea. The tub is filled, but no voice returns. Forcing myself out, I go to find Reginald. He isn’t in the residency. Calling Catherine, she saw him in the psychiatric building.
Crossing the snowy courtyard, I notice the ice covered trees look very different than they did last winter, they look translucent. It must be the way the ice glistens from the moonlight. Shaking my head, I can’t believe how far from sanity I actually am. I obviously need to get hold of myself before I lose all ties to reality.
Entering the building, Daniela is speaking animatedly to the tall man she was with earlier. His eyes shift to me. Approaching the stairs, I hear Daniela. “That’s her, she needs some serious counseling. She believes in demons and thinks she’s a physician here instead of a patient.”
Momentarily freezing, I force myself forward, but am not fast enough.
“Mia” he extends his hand to me.
Turning to face him, I try sounding cordial. “How do you like working here Dr. Lock?”
“It’s quite interesting. I am hoping we could speak. I was given your computer and could see you were on your way to becoming a fine psychiatrist before your breakdown. I am writing a paper and would love to include your case.”
I can feel my temper flaring. Dr. Lock, I don’t know what Daniela said to fill your mind with the idea that I had a breakdown, but I’m as sane as you are. I had a bad reaction to some medication after suffering an incident which left my body badly broken causing my brother to overreact. Since I was unable to defend myself in my unconscious state, his actions caused me a minor setback, but now that I’m awake, that will change. Excuse me I have an appointment with Mr. Smythe.” My voice is especially harsh.
The door we’re before opens. Jason steps out. “I’m glad you’re here, Reginald is waiting for you.” He turns to Dr. Lock. “I think you should attend to your patients, Dr. Angelis has an appointment. If you have a question about a patient, I’m sure she will answer you another time.”
Dr. Lock looks back at me. “I apologize for the misunderstanding. You are listed as a patient, not a physician.”
Jason replies before I can. “Warren, Mia is dealing with the loss of family members and her brother’s misapprehensions. She will clear it up and be reinstated shortly. Please excuse us.” 
The door closes on Warren’s shocked face. “I’m sorry about that. He is a very good psychiatrist, but he isn’t one of us, so he isn’t privy to your situation.”
“It’s fine; it was my short temper, not him.”
Reginald interjects. “Your reaction is normal.” He comes around the desk. “Mia, I’m sorry that you’re so overwhelmed and that I’m about to put more upon you.” He stops as his eyes lock onto mine.
My mind feels numb. “I’m not sure what you think I can do, I can barely help myself. I can’t even practice.”
His features turn even more ashen. “Mia, the help I need is not on this plane. I need you to hear me out and stay calm. Can you do that for me?”
From his tone, I know I need to concentrate. “What do you need me to do?”
“It’s Andrew”
I pierce my lips to stop my gasp and focus on Reginald’s lips to ensure I don’t miss one word.
Looking at me, he continues. “Sometimes when someone dies unexpectedly, they don’t cross over right away. Andrew didn’t cross immediately. When he learned what happened to you, he tried to fight his way back to you, to help you.”
He isn’t making sense. Andrew’s dead, how could he fight his way back to me? I force myself not to interrupt fearing if I alarm him, he’ll hedge. Concentrating on his lips, I hope my facial features haven’t changed.
His voice turns concerned. “Andrew hadn’t been properly processed and prepared as a guardian angel or soldier so he was vulnerable. Those with him were also aware of this and refused to leave him. After losing Andrew once, this type of opportunity was not going to go unnoticed. If Andrew’s soul had made it to Sanctuary, he may have been safe. Guardians were trying to get to them, but just shy of making it, Andrew and Jackson were captured along with one of the guardians and dragged by demons into hell. Gabriel, Damian and Francis tried to reclaim them. They would have been lost too if the remaining guardians didn’t grab hold of them.”
As his words finally register, I begin hyperventilating as images of Andrew being dragged, just like in my dreams, flash across my vision. Why couldn’t I have died in either accident? If I had, the night in the woods would have never happened, the hospital would not have been targeted and Andrew and the St. Clouds would have continued on in their safe haven.
Jason’s hand is upon mine. “Mia, you need to calm your breathing or you’ll pass out again.”
The horrific visions bombarding me are causing the walls to close in around me. Rising, I run outside, before I’m crushed. The cold winds whip my face making breathing harder. My eyes meet the concerned faces of Reginald and Jason. I am on the couch. How did I get here? Reginald is sitting beside me. “Mia, I’m sorry to tell you this, but you need to know everything. You know the guardian who is trapped.” Sitting up, I expect he is going to tell me it’s my mother, but I’m wrong. “Mia, Katrina was captured trying to save Andrew.”
My visions of Katrina come rushing back. I not only destroyed her life by surviving that which should have taken my life, I decimated her eternity and that of those I love, ripping their souls from the heavens and casting them into the abyss. As their suffering images engulf me, I feel their souls burning as my own combusts. Reginald grabs hold of my arms trying to shake me from my trance, but the heat has sealed my mouth shut refusing to let out the blood curdling scream shouting in my head. After what feels like an eternity, I force out my words. “Is there something you think I can do to help their situation?” I desperately search within myself for the answer while waiting for him to respond. An image of Katrina and I melding together flashes across my consciousness and I knew the answer. He has a sense of me through her, but he wants me. He even sent his demons for me, but would he trade all three for me, or would he insist, as Jackson believed in keeping me and Andrew, the car and the key.
“Mia, are you still with me?”
“Tell me what you know.”
He clears his throat. “You know how he loves to acquire that which he desires most and you appear to be the object of such desire. Getting a taste of you through capturing your sister’s soul has only increased his appetite for the genuine article.”
Interrupting him, my questions come out quickly. “How do you know this? Why does he want me? I’m nothing. If I’m so valuable, he can just take me, I have no special defenses. Why take everyone around me? I’m easy enough to kill. I’m not immortal. Andrew is not here to interfere with his attempts.” I sit up and can’t stop myself from yelling into the air. “Come and get me. Here I am!”
Jason grabs my arms. “Mia, get a hold of yourself!”
Looking at his and Reginald’s concerned faces, “I’m sorry, I just don’t understand. Why doesn’t he just take me instead of playing all of these games? What does he gain by doing this?”
Reginald speaks deliberately. “One of his minions came to me, letting me know he has a proposal for you. Didn’t Andrew ever tell you that in order for anyone to be truly his, they must come to him willingly? That’s when you’re strongest. If he takes you, you are not his true conquest to be easily manipulated into doing his bidding.”
“If the proposal is me for them, tell him I shouldn’t be here anyway so just let me know where to go.”
“It’s not that simple, Mia. You sacrificing yourself for them would mean he would never have you because such a sacrifice brings an immediate right to heaven.”
I’m getting frustrated. “They can’t suffer because of me, they need to be where they belong, and I need to take their place.”
“Mia, I don’t know for sure what he wants, but I assume it will be similar to the type of deal he made when Andrew’s mother belonged to hell’s domain and his father wanted to free her.”
Panic fills my heart. “It took Andrew five hundred years to solve that puzzle, I don’t have that long. Reginald, please convince his minion it has to be something I can do now. I’ll do anything. I don’t care what happens to me. I need to save them. Beg someone, anyone to have him throw it at me now. If he wants a game, it needs to start now. How can you get a message to him?”
He takes my shaking hands. “You have to understand, whatever he does will not be easy, whatever game, manipulative puzzle or contest he has in store for you, is not the same as sacrificing yourself for them. If you lose, you will be trapped and in all likelihood, so will they. Even if you were to prevail, there’s no guarantee that you’ll escape. Andrew’s father took a gamble with himself and his children. Granted, it paid off, but he will not lose so easily this time. He may not have been able to conceive a possible loss last time, but he will not make that mistake again.”
I yank my hands from his. “I don’t care what it takes, I’ll do anything. If there is the slightest possibility that I can save them, I don’t care what it costs me. They are already trapped, so what more can he take from me, what am I really risking, my life. I don’t have one without Andrew and the twins. Even if I were to get my medical license back, the surreal will never let me go, so whatever he wants me to do, tell him yes. How can you get a message to him?”
“I should leave. They wouldn’t come here. In the meantime, you need to gather your strength. Whatever he has planned, will not be easy and will require all of your strength and mental awareness. You know how clever he could be. If you hadn’t touched Nicholas and stolen him from his grasp, they all would be serving him now. They would have never found the key to free themselves. Are you sure you are ready to face this? Considering what you woke up to, I’m surprised you didn’t roll up into a ball and give in to despair. What kept you from taking your life when you realized you lost everything is what you need to hold on to. Can you help me understand what gives you strength so I can help you in this?”
“I’m trying to hold on to the bigger picture. Falling down the gorge, I knew I would die. I was grateful that the twins and Andrew were not with me. They would go on. When I awoke and found out Andrew was gone, I forced myself to try and look at this life as a small blip in forever. If I could only force myself away from despair, maybe I could keep the wall separating us in my dreams from forming and cutting me off from him in our eternity.”
Reginald rises. “Concentrate on that and the safety of the twins. Let Jason help you get strong. I will go off grounds and see if I can get in contact with someone. The less time he has to prepare, the better.”
As he heads towards the door, I turn. “Reginald, have you been able to recover any additional photographs. I could really use them to hold on to what I’m fighting for.”
“They are still going through the recovery program. I’m sorry.” He leaves.
Jason moves next to me. “Is there a place we can go that may help you feel closer to them?”
Thinking about it, I know where I have to go. Rising, “I’ll see you later. I have to do this alone.”
Heading toward the door, he puts a cell phone in my hand. “If you need me, beep me.”


Chapter Eight My Journey Into Hell

Despite having Andrew’s watch around my neck, I need to retrieve the photograph and music box. Crossing the courtyard, I can’t help but look around wondering what is beyond the trees, waiting, watching, and seething with satisfaction knowing that it has the best part of me trapped in his abyss. I wish I could will the knowledge of my next step to fruition without having to await Reginald’s return. If anything else happens, I fear I won’t have any hope of saving any of them. They need to be released. I need to be in their place, anything else is just too unfair and too much to bear.
Opening the door, I’m glad the nursery seems quiet. Moving toward the back where Andrew and I used to picnic, I sit on the ground, closing my eyes, I picture our first Christmas Eve, the perfection of his face and feel his love trying to seal the pieces of my shattered heart. Clutching the music box to my chest, for the briefest of moments I feel Andrew’s strong arms around me. Pain engulfs my heart as I realize we will never be like that again. Knowing what he’s facing now, I have to save him, be strong enough to let him go, to escape the abyss, no matter what the cost to myself. Focusing all of my energy upon him, I try to send him a message. “Andrew I’m coming for you.” Shifting my thoughts, I call out to the angel who sent me to him. “You sent me to him once, please help me find him and send him home to his father, free my sister and Jackson. I am not asking you to help me. I will gladly pay whatever price it is, even if it is an eternity without him, but please help me to free him. You yourself said the darkness tried to rob him of his life and light, don’t let his goodness be extinguished, get him home for me and I promise that I will fight from ever doing evil’s bidding, no matter what torture is imposed upon me. You watched over Andrew for centuries trying to help him, help him this one last time.”
My thoughts and hopes are interrupted as cold air from the opening door hits my face. My eyes fly open expecting to see Reginald. Instead, Daniela comes toward me.
“Reliving memories that will never happen again,” She says smugly, moving toward me. As I move past her, she grabs my arm. “You don’t want to leave.” She retorts menacingly.
“I’m not afraid you. Take your hands off of me. You may have fooled the others, but I know whatever made you come after me, is still with you.” I hear the shakiness in my voice. Her smirk becomes more pronounced and I wrench my arm from her. 
“Leave now and you’ll never begin your quest. I believe the game should start immediately. The sooner you lose, the sooner you will be exactly where you belong. Although why he thinks you could do him any good is beyond me. I don’t see anything special about you and can’t understand why he just doesn’t cast you into the deepest part of hell and let his demons rip you apart.” Her eyes flare with a red glow, but then her features contort and she is talking to herself. “I don’t know what it was about you that would cause Nicholas to give up so easily. If he had only stayed the course, we…” Her voice drifts off as a modicum of sadness crosses her face.
I wonder if she knew the demon that encased the Nicholas side of Andrew or if she was tied to Jonathan. Maybe their suffering is why she resents me. Watching her, there is something about her demeanor and words that tug upon my consciousness, but my subconscious barrier refuses to allow it through, refuses to allow me to connect her to the key which will unlock something important. If I could only push aside my fear and anxiety to clarify my muddled thoughts, maybe I could see what that connection is. I stand in front of her. I need answers. “Since you seem so knowledgeable about where I should go, tell me so that I can begin. Maybe you will get your fondest wish and I will fail miserably.” I grab her hand, pulling her towards me. “No matter what, I assure you that unlike you, even if I lose, I will never serve him!”
She sneers, wraps her hand around my wrist and pulls me so close to her face that I can smell the sulfur from her heated breath. “You are so arrogant for a mortal and so wrong. When you fail, and you will, you will do anything and everything in your power to assist him in whatever he wants in order to keep the torturing of your precious Andrew to a minimum. You will be a little puppet whose strings are so easily pulled. You don’t realize yet, that all he will have to do is threaten to burn Andrew or send a demon to rip him apart further and you will do whatever he instructs, just to spare your worthless lover additional pain.”
Her words are like a plank hitting the side of my head. My hand inadvertently moves toward my temple trying to erase such visions. She’s right. I hadn’t really considered that. How stupid could I be?
She laughs. “You don’t have any idea what you are dealing with. How could you have made it this far and cost our side so much when you are so slow in your thinking?” She grabs my arms with such force; I think she’s going to snap my bones. Writhing in pain, I can’t speak or move as she screams in my face. “How could you have been so lucky? I don’t understand it!” She pushes me to the ground and is out of the nursery before the jolt through my spine even registers. Knowing she is not finished with me, I force the pain from my mind and prepare for her return. Seeing her rage, I can’t understand how she fooled the others. Whatever is controlling her or is a part of her is tied to the netherworld and I’m sure it knows what should happen next.
Waiting for her return, I realize they tricked Reginald into leaving because this is a journey I must make on my own. Will I also have to escape here undetected? Wanting to leave to find Daniela, I force myself to remain, knowing she will never break her rouse to tell me where I need to go if someone else is present. Pacing, I try to clear my muddled thoughts in hopes of deciphering whether she is connected to Jonathan, who Andrew was convinced was being tortured for his failure, or the one holding Nicholas. Replaying the conversation in my mind, she appeared to become irate over his failure to control the situation which led to her being sent here to deal with me. Maybe she’s irate knowing that her love is being tortured to ensure she accomplishes her mission. If I’m right, we are both fighting for the same thing, to free the ones we love which makes her even more dangerous. Knowing how much I am willing to endure as a mere mortal to save Andrew, I can only imagine what someone with powers, knowledge and the ability to endure even more will do.
As my frustration at not knowing enough about the surreal world which holds those I love at bay wells within me, my hands hit the bench. Jason and Lucas probably don’t know enough to help me. Andrew is gone and the only one who may have been able to clue me in is on a wild goose chase. I’m alone, entering a fight in a world I know nothing about and unaware of anything that may help my loved ones escape from the other side.
The door opens. Daniela strides toward me, her features set in stone. “You have had sufficient time to consider what I said. Although I’m confident you will fail, I know you hope to save them. Are you ready to begin or will you finally show your true nature and cowardice continuing on as you are now, probably ensuring you never join us. So what will it be Mia, will you risk your eternity and your soul for a chance at saving theirs?”
“Just tell me where I have to go!” I shout.
Her lips lift at the corner. “You’re losing it already. This may be quicker than I thought.”
I force myself to speak slow and deliberate. “If you want me to fail, just tell me where I should begin.”
With an exaggerated motion, she pulls up her sleeve and stares at her watch. “If you agree to this, you have less than ten minutes to tell me where you should go. Otherwise, you lose immediately and your soul will be forfeited without even leaving the nursery.” She holds her hands out in supplication. “Please lose here so I can transport you to him. I will even take your first ripping.” She says smugly. “Shall we begin or are you going to allow those poor souls whose lives I ended so violently to get myself into this place become collateral damage for nothing?” Her eyes shift down to her watch again. “So what will it be doc, shall we begin?”
Doesn’t she know she’s wasting her goading tone? Maybe she isn’t so smart if she believes she has to challenge me into this. If there is even a remote chance of saving them, I have to take it. I respond cold and deliberate. “Let’s begin.”
“Time starts now.” She taps her watch. As her fingertip hits the crystal, panic rises within me. With each passing second, I realize I have no idea where to look. I am losing already. Should I be trying to get to hell or are they held somewhere else?
She glances up from her watch. “Tick, tick, tick Mia. Do you recognize the sound of you failing? Thank you for losing with me. After I take your ripping, maybe he’ll allow me to be the one to rip your soul apart first!”
Pacing, I desperately cling to Andrew’s picture and watch. Closing my eyes, I focus on all I’ve seen, heard and dreamt of. A vision of Andrew flashes before me, it hits me like a lightning bolt. I knew all along where to go. I watched it get sealed in my dreams. Emma is absolutely right, there is power in dreams and my dreams tried to tell me what was happening before it came to fruition. Walking toward Daniela, her features are filled with satisfaction. “Only thirty seconds left before we go. Thank you for being so accommodating. This plane has been nothing but a bore.”
“I’m not going with you. I need to begin my journey at the cave in the dead forest in Brazil, near the hospital where father Montague is.” Watching her features shift from smug superiority to aggravated disappointment, assures me I’m correct.
She grabs my arms and throws me to the floor. “You should get going then, shouldn’t you?”
Despite the pain, I rise smiling at the success of my first task. Reaching the door, she grabs me again, whirling me around. “You will fail! This was nothing compared to what waits for you.” I yank my arm free and head out the door.
Quickly packing a duffle with my passport, the music boxes, my solitary picture, a flashlight, my bank book and two bottles of water, I search feverishly for my grandmother’s compass. It’s nowhere to be found. I really am lost and will never find my way home. Although without Andrew and the twins, there is no home, anywhere. Hopefully, my loved ones can find their way home.
I find Catherine talking with Lucas. Looking up, they see my duffle and their features turn confused.
“What are you doing with that?” Lucas asks, but Catherine interrupts.
“Reginald told you where Andrew is, didn’t he?”
“Yes and who is with him. Reginald left to see if he could find where I should begin, but Daniela had the answer all the time.” Speaking, I realize my voice sounds like the old me. “She fooled you. She is still in league with them. She’s dangerous, protect yourselves. I need to leave for Brazil. Can you get me a plane ticket?” I hand her my bank account. “I need this money.”
I turn to Lucas. “Where’s Jason? I need him to tell me about the dead forest.” He’s confused. “My game is to begin in a forest near the hospital. I’m hoping Jason can take me to its outer rim.”
“Mia, it’s not a good idea, you don’t know what you’re getting into down there.”
“Just find him please.” Waiting for Jason, I imagine what is waiting for me. My heart races with fear. I pray that the dumb luck which saved me in the woods is still with me.
A cool breeze interrupts my introspection as Jason enters holding a small bag over his shoulder. “So I hear we’re going to Brazil.”
“Yes. Tell me you saw the burnt forest near the hospital.”
“Did Andrew tell you about that? It was the strangest thing, just a circular patch within a lush green forest. You would think a forest fire would burn more trees or be uneven, but it was perfectly circular.”
“Did you see a cave near there?”
Closing his eyes, his head moves as if he’s panning the area. Opening them, “I’m not sure if it was a cave, but there is a low lying rocky area. Andrew said they found father Montague hiding there. Is that what you’re looking for?”
“I think so. Could you lead me there?”
“It isn’t too far from the hospital. I’m sure we can find it.”
“Jason, I know I’m asking a lot and I don’t want you getting caught up in whatever’s waiting for me when we get there so I would be fine with you just taking me to the hospital and pointing me in the right direction”
He stares at me. “I’m not going to leave you in the middle of a forest and say go that way. I will take you where you need to go.”
I hug him fiercely. “Thank you.” Closing my eyes, I try sending Andrew a message. “Hold on, I’m coming!”
Catherine comes in and hands me tickets and a pouch filled with money. I hug her. “Thank you for everything. If the photographs are restored, get them to the twins and let them know I truly loved them.”
She nods, but then I catch a strange look pass between her and Jason as I turn.
Traveling over the slick roads, Jason tries to make conversation. “Have you thought about anything that can help you to stay strong? You know he’ll be deceitful and deadly. You will be at a disadvantage at all times and are not equipped to deal with something so powerful.” My stomach churns as his words fuel my anxiety. “Even if he is not directly involved, his colleagues are just as clever. Do you really think this is a good idea considering you are not deceitful, nor are you immortal? Anything could easily kill you and the moment you fail, you are lost forever along with them.”
“Look Jason, I know I am at a disadvantage, but I have to try. It’s my fault, Andrew didn’t wait and that Jackson and my sister got caught trying to protect him. Maybe I’ll get lucky just this one last time and they will not pay for loving me. I just hope I free them before I fail. I’m not expecting to come out the other side, but if I get them out before the wall closes, I win.”
“Mia, what wall are you talking about?”
“It has to do with my dream concerning the cave.” He stares at me. “I don’t understand.”
“I’ll tell you, if you look at the road, it’s quite slippery.”
He laughs. “I can drive this road with my eyes closed,” but he faces forward.
“One night, I dreamt that demons grabbed Andrew and dragged him to hell. I followed them to a cave. I could see flames and feel the heat as they went through, but by the time I reached the opening, it turned into a hardened wall.” My face falls into my hands. “I saw what was going to happen to him, but didn’t understand. If I had only told him, maybe he would have been more careful.” I can’t stop the tears.
“Mia you couldn’t stop this. He was always watching for an opportunity. No warning could have helped Andrew after his death. Did your dream reveal anything else?”
“No, I woke when I touched the wall. Hopefully when I get there, the wall will be open and I can push them through before it closes. I know that will be the last time I see Andrew, but this time, I’m hoping that unlike my dream, I’m on the wrong side and he and the others are on the right side. It has to end that way, it just has to.”
He glances at me and appears confounded by my words. “You love him that much that you would knowingly suffer for all eternity, just to try and free him. No one deserves that type of loyalty.”
“You’re wrong. He does. I love him Jason. I will do anything to save him. He and his family have suffered enough. I can’t stand that he’s suffering because of me.”
We drive in silence. Looking out the window, I stare at the ice lined trees. Something about them isn’t right. I shake my head. I must be projecting Andrew’s loss to the scenery as well. I see the dead forest before me. Andrew is being dragged, but as I enter the cave, Andrew’s voice rings through talking about how father Montague was found in a cave in the mountains.
Waking, I’m confused. Jason is wrong or is he lying. Why would he lie? Looking over at him, he’s been so helpful and is willing to risk himself for my quest. I tell myself he misunderstood Andrew. He looks at me with questioning eyes as if he knows my thoughts, but I say nothing, hoping I didn’t talk in my sleep. In truth, although I hate to admit it, I’m afraid of what will meet me down in Brazil and having the assistance of a strong vampire might be very useful. I’m also grateful for his company.
“You woke just in time. We’ll be at the airport in five minutes.”
“I didn’t mean to fall asleep on you, it’s just been…”
He interrupts. “Don’t worry. Besides, doesn’t it make you feel better?”
“Sometimes”
He laughs. “I suggest you sleep on the plane so you’ll be physically able to deal with traveling through the Brazilian terrain, it’s pretty rough. The hospital is more remote than Sanctuary and the pathways are much rougher.”
“How do the patients travel there?”
“The locals are used to traveling over such terrain.” He seems distracted.
“Jason, is there something you’re worried about?”
“Besides the obvious” He chuckles. “Mia, there were a lot of strange cases there and quite an onslaught of vampire activity. The attacks not only left the people weak or dead, but many were converted. Many of the women appeared to be targeted from a vampire who came at night seducing them, getting some pregnant as if that was his goal.”
“I thought he was caught.”
“He was but father Montague wouldn’t let us destroy him until he was sure there was no chance of converting him. We had him imprisoned, but after Andrew left, he escaped. I’m not sure if he was recaptured or killed since then.”
As we board the plane, the large bats in my stomach expand their wings. Terrified at what is coming my way and knowing that any hesitation when facing the demons will mean the end of us all, I try to mentally prepare, reminding myself that in my dreams, hesitation caused me to lose Andrew. I can’t allow that to happen again. Knowing there will be flames, unbearable heat, and scorching fire, I must compel my body forward without fear. Concentrating on the scorching feeling in my dreams, the image of poor Marcus thrusts itself into my consciousness. My hesitation and being deceived cost him his life. I can’t allow their souls to be trapped in the fiery abyss because I’m unable to tell an illusion from reality. I need to accomplish this one last task no matter what my senses experience. Maybe he will be satisfied with getting me to succumb. My little voice screams. You’re wrong. He wants the children of his chosen minion. He lost them once. He won’t give any of them up again. The voice becomes louder. You are throwing your soul to him too, puppet number four. Considering how strong the demons I met in the woods that night were, how can I ever hope to be successful against them on their plane? Another voice begins screaming. Stop! This type of talk only makes you weaker! Unknowingly, I scream. Jason shakes me. I hear him apologizing to the stewardess. Slouching in my seat, I apologize.
Jason’s voice is low. “Mia, if a dream shakes you up this much, you need to turn back. The real thing will be so much worse.”
My body is acting as if I placed my finger into a high voltage electrical circuit.
Jason rubs my arms. “You’re safe, but you need to turn around. You can’t just turn yourself over to them, let me take you back.”
“No! I need…I need to get hold of myself. Excuse me.” Splashing water on my face, I look up. I’m pasty, all the blood drawn from my features. I hear a distant voice speaking to me. “Come back to me please!” Before I can strain to hear anymore, there’s a knock on the door.
“Are you alright?” The handle jiggles.
Grabbing a towel and drying myself, I know I’m in trouble. My dreams shake me to the core and I can’t stop the voices.
Sitting down, the captain announces we will be landing in ten minutes. Jason turns to me. “You should board the next flight out of here. You are not ready for this.”
Forcing my voice to sound confident, “I am ready to do whatever is necessary to get them out. Just get me to the hospital and show me how to get to the dead forest. I need to do this alone.” I cannot take him down with me. I smile realizing how poetic it is that I’m saying this as the plane descends, then laugh as I see the plane dropping off the passengers and just continuing with me downward dropping me off in hell.
Gathering our bags, he turns to me. “I am not going to leave you in the middle of the forest and say go that way. We are going to do this together.”
I grab his hand. Knowing that I will likely fail and that anyone with me will perish, I decide he has to stay behind. I cannot give him another soul to torture. “Jason you have to do just that. If you are with me, you’ll be lost forever. You have survived this long by being smart. I need you to think now. Take me to the hospital and prepare a map. I can’t be responsible for condemning one more person, please!”
His features contort. “You can’t be that self-sacrificing or caring for others that you would knowingly go to your own death without even trying to save yourself by taking advantage of help.”
“I’m not anything. I’m just hoping my presence will surprise him enough that it provides them a moment to escape. Your help needs to end at the hospital.”
He laughs. “You can’t stop me. Do you really want to pick another fight with all the creatures you’re already taking on? Just accept that I am going with you.” He strolls through the automatic doors.
Hailing a taxi, we ride in silence. Rolling down the window, the sun doesn’t feel warm against my face. Despite putting it off as my nerves, I can’t shake the strange feeling that it’s something more. My heart constricts and tears prick my eyes as I think about how this is the last road Andrew and the others traveled over and how excited they must have felt to be heading home.
“You’re thinking of Andrew, aren’t you?” Jason mutters.
“Actually, I’m thinking of all of them. I just never imagined the possibility that they would not always be with me. Sometimes I feel if I could just open my eyes wider, they’ll materialize and I’ll realize this is just a terrible dream.”
Jason’s eyes widen. “I think it would be best if you focus on what’s coming. Fantasies will only distract you and give him more of an advantage.” His voice sounds especially stressed. It must be because we are in the home stretch. He’s right. I need to focus. We travel for quite some time. Paying the driver, I could swear his eyes glow. But as I shake my head, dispelling the hallucination, I convince myself that the closer I come to the end the more I will see danger and illusions at every turn. I only hope that when the real challenge comes, I see through all of the illusions to accomplish my goal.
We walk several miles over rough terrain and finally enter the hospital. I’m surprised it looks so normal with elevators, a reception area and waiting room filled with patients in varying degrees of pain. It’s nothing like Sanctuary. I notice a woman holding a crying child. Heading toward her, Jason grabs my arm. “We should find father Montague. I’m sure someone has already assessed her and she is fine to wait.” He leads me toward the elevator and presses three.
As we move, I feel as though we’re descending instead of ascending. My imagination really is foreshadowing my impending doom. We step out into a typical hallway and Jason knocks on the last door.
“Come in”
The office is dimly lit with a single desk, computer, lamp light and two chairs. The gentleman stands and comes around the desk. “Jason why didn’t you tell me you were coming back. It’s good to see you. Did you come because we have more trouble?” His features turn concerned.
“No father, I’m here to help Dr. Angelis with something.” He nods my way.
Father Montague turns to me surprised. “I’m sorry we aren’t meeting under more pleasant circumstances. I thought we would meet when you came to Brazil on your honeymoon. How are you coping? Is there anything I can do for you? Andrew was always so helpful and spoke very highly of you. He was looking forward to …” He stops talking and takes in a long breath. “I apologize sometimes I run off at the mouth. Please sit. What brings you here?”
I don’t know where to begin. I look at Jason.
“Father, Mia has a journey to undergo which begins in your beautiful forest. I thought we could utilize the physician’s lounge as our base of operations since she needs to rest.”
He eyes Jason who seems to respond to an unspoken question. “No, she was not changed.”
“I see. We secured some homes in two of the villages near the woods and mountains so if you need them, please just let me know.”
“They may be helpful.” Jason pulls out a map. “Where are they located?”
After pointing them out, he turns to me. “You must be tired. The building behind this facility houses our physicians. There are a few rooms unoccupied. Please feel free to go and shower and change while I arrange to have some lunch brought to you.”
Rising, I shake his hand. “Thank you.”
I’m surprised at the quaint rooms. There are two doors, one of which I assume is the bathroom. Opening it, I see a shower, toilet and sink. Running the water, I undress and step inside. The hot water feels good against my skin. Washing my hair, I hear a voice in the distance. “Mia no! Come back, it’s all wrong.” The voice in my imagination startles me causing soap to fall into my eyes. Rinsing it out isn’t helping. Shutting off the water, I feel for a towel to wipe my face.
“Here you go.” I grab the shower curtain around me. Thinking it is Jason, I’m annoyed he entered. Opening my eyes, my annoyance turns to absolute horror.
“I knew I saw you going down the hall. You look as beautiful as ever.” He steps closer.
My mouth falls open. I pull the curtain tighter as fear pushes my heart into overdrive. I can’t find my voice. I want to close my eyes hoping to dispel this hallucination, but if I’m wrong, I’m standing with only a curtain between us. Knowing that screaming will only give him more satisfaction than my shock, I compel my voice to sound commanding, while forcing down the vomit rising in my throat. “Get out now Anderson!”
“Aren’t you happy to see me Mia, it has been so long and you left so fast after our last encounter.” His eyes dance wickedly.
“Get out or I’ll have you thrown out!” I fight to keep my voice low and even, but fear resonates in each word. From his smug look, he knows I’m terrified.
“Well since you’re in my bathroom, kicking me out will be difficult.” He retorts.
Looking around, I realize there are two doors on opposite walls. “I entered first. Get out, I’ll dress and it’ll be all yours.”
Leering at me, he runs his finger down the curtain. Fear spikes, I feel lightheaded. Don’t pass out. I keep repeating. “I’d rather you be all mine. I could help you dress. It’s been far too long. The last time I really didn’t get to finish what I started and now seems like the perfect opportunity to complete our unfinished business.” His hand moves further down the curtain.
My stomach lurches and I barely force down the vomit. Freeing one hand, I push him away. Taking a deep breath, I turn stone faced. “Leave. Now! I came with someone who will be all too happy to remove you forcefully if I call out to him.”
He appears unconcerned, but takes a step back. “You’re as uptight as ever. I would have thought after all this time someone would have thawed you out.” He turns. Grabbing my clothes, “Come through my door if you want these and a real man to thaw you out”
I scream out after him, but he just shuts the door. I feel drained and drop to the floor. Crawling to the door, I lock it and find a towel under the sink to wrap around me. My body shakes uncontrollably. My heart pounds against my chest so hard it feels like my ribs are cracking. I’m frozen, bolted to the floor. Minutes, maybe hours pass. My breathing finally begins to calm. I hear a knock. “Mia, are you in there?” It’s Jason.
“Jason, can you grab my duffle bag off the bed and pass it to me please.”
He’s back instantly. “Mia, your duffle isn’t out here.”
Anderson must have doubled back into my room and taken it. “Can you grab me a set of scrubs?’
He knocks and passes them through. Getting dressed, I enter my room. He’s sitting on the edge of the bed. “Thank you.” He rises, moving towards me.
“What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” He stares awaiting an answer. “Did you leave your duffle in father Montague’s office?”
“No. It was here, a ghost from my past must have taken it.”
His bemused stare tells me he’s awaiting an explanation. “Jason, forget what I said. I need you to retrieve my duffle from the physician in the next room and then change rooms with me.”
Mia, what’s going on?”
I sigh. “I ran into someone I knew from medical school and he took my bag. Please, just get it back for me.”
“Sure, but when I come back, I think it would be best if you told me what is going on.”
He returns without the bag. “I’m sorry, he didn’t have it. I even searched his room.”
I close my eyes in frustration. I’m already losing. Gone with my bag is my only picture, music boxes, passport and money. Not that I will need a passport or money where I’m going, but I wanted the picture and music boxes to help me feel connected to those who gave my life meaning and strength.
Jason interrupts my introspection. “Mia, why would he take your bag?”
Taking in a deep breath, “I think he is my first challenge. He…he…” I stop. Would I be breaking some rules of my journey if I reveal information to him? “Jason, I’m sorry, but I don’t know whether telling you is allowed, so if you could just show me your room, I need a few minutes.” He rises and I follow him.
Sitting on the bed, I clutch my watch. At least I kept this with me. I gasp realizing I showered with it. What if water got into the casement and washed away my only visual keepsake. My shaking hands struggle to open the encasement. Through a veil of tears, I see the picture. My watch is fine. Clutching it to my chest, I feel them close to me. I have to guard my last connection to them. I stick it into my scrubs before leaving to find father Montague.
Crossing from the residency to the hospital, someone grabs me from behind, covering my mouth. Struggling to free myself, their grip is too strong. Anderson! Panicking, we are moving too quickly away from the hospital. Wriggling my dragging legs, I can’t even kick them. We’re now too far for anyone to hear me scream. I have to free my arms. “Focus, you got away from him once, you can do it again.” Closing my eyes, I realize, my head can still move. Thrusting it forward and then back hard, my skull smashes his face. Pain radiates throughout my body. I’m dazed, but his arms loosen. Thrusting my head back once more, he drops me. Scurrying to my feet, I run full throttle toward the hospital without looking back to confirm it’s him. I hear footsteps behind me as I approach the lobby door. Throwing myself through, I hit the floor with a thud. The receptionist glances at me before returning to work. Rising, I turn, but no one is behind me. The lobby is clear, except for the woman who was holding the crying baby when we arrived. She is clutching the now quiet child close to her chest. Looking at my watch, it’s been hours since we arrived. Moving toward the nurse’s station I inquire, “Has the woman over there been seen?”
The nurse looks up with indignation. “She hasn’t been seen yet, someone will get to her. Who are you?
“I’m Mia, a friend of the St. Clouds. That woman has been here for several hours, isn’t there anyone who could see her?”
“Look, Mia is it? I’m sure that as a friend of the owners you feel as if you have some say here, but we see patients in the order they come in and only bump up emergencies. I’m sure that she will be seen when a physician becomes free.” She returns to her paperwork.
I head over to her. “Miss, I’m Dr. Angelis. Can I help you with something while you’re waiting to be seen?”
Looking up, her tears trickle down her face as she releases the baby from her chest. “She is with her father now.” The baby looks like Kayla. I panic realizing she’s stopped breathing. “All I have to do is wait to die too.”
Grabbing the child, I lay her on the floor and begin CPR, screaming between breaths to the nurse. “Get a physician here and a gurney, the baby stopped breathing.” Continuing the compressions, I realize, she hasn’t moved. Visions of Kayla not breathing at birth flood my thoughts. I yell at the nurse again and look at the mother who’s frozen. Somewhere my consciousness registers my shock that she sat for hours knowing her child was dying. Why isn’t anyone coming to help? I can now feel how cool the child’s skin is.
Picking her off the floor, I rush into a room. Placing her on a gurney, I charge the defibrillator, grab the paddles and turn back to the baby. Holding them over her chest, I realize she looks too much like Kayla. This is a test. I am standing before a creature, probably created by the incubus and made to look like Kayla so I would react without thinking.
My thoughts are interrupted by the door opening. The mother steps inside and I drop the paddles. “Aren’t you going to try and save my baby?” She inquires coldly.
Stepping towards me, I see the fire burning in her eyes. I need to put distance between us. Backing up, she stands between me and the exit. “Let me out of this room! I didn’t bring evil into the world by bringing it to life, you failed your test. Looking at her smile, I realize there is more. “I would have brought forth my killer and this sick game would be over with all of us losing.”
“How did you know?” She advances. I can’t give them any information to better their tests against me later. “Take your creation out of this hospital, this test is over!”
Flying at me, her outstretched hands push me through the plaster of the wall. Struggling to breathe, excruciating pain causes me to sink to the floor. I can’t move. My vision is being eclipsed as I fight to stay conscious, knowing she will kill me if I succumb. Shaking my head clear, I force myself to my knees, and scurry out of the way, just in time to avoid her pounce. Someone pushes open the door, practically ripping it off its hinges. A furious male voice yells. “You should have been more convincing! We will both suffer for your failure! Why didn’t you act more hysterical, she wouldn’t have had time to think?” Loud ringing dwarfs his voice and everything goes black, silent.
I feel the cold floor against my cheek. Fighting my disorientation, I force my battered body off the ground. What happened? Were they destroyed for their failure? The door swings open, Anderson stalks in. Scrambling to my feet, my head spins, my gait is unsteady and my heart pounds. He’s on me, grabbing me, slamming my shoulders to the floor. Struggling to buck him off, he’s too heavy. I see the defibrillator paddle hanging just out of my reach. Squirming violently against his octopus hands, my hand is free. Straining to grab the handle, my fingertips wrap around it. I hear the hum. It is still charged. Zapping his back, he rolls off me, but grips my legs. Grabbing the other paddle, I zap him again. He’s momentarily dazed, but the jolt stuns my legs. I can’t rise. Dragging my body to the door before he can grab me again, I finally reach the hallway. Jason is coming through the automatic doors. He’s at my side instantly.
“What happened?”
“Just get me out of here.” I cry, clutching his shirt. Lifting me, he carries me back to my room, placing me gently on the bed. Sitting next to me, “What happened?”
I can’t speak. He stares, waiting. Finally, my breathing slows enough that I’m no longer gasping for air. “I passed another test. Do you remember the woman with the baby in the lobby?”
I remember a crying baby, but didn’t really take notice. Why”
“When I went to see father Montague, she was still there and I couldn’t understand why, so I went over. She was holding the baby close to her chest and told me it stopped breathing so I started CPR, called for help, but no one came. I was about to use the defibrillator when I realized if I brought it to life, I would be bringing a creature, probably one that the incubus created forward to destroy me.”
He appears stunned. “How did you figure that out? I would have been so busy trying to revive the baby I would have never been able to think.”
“For a while, all I thought about was saving the child, she looked so much like Kayla. I was reliving my nightmare. When Kayla was born, she wasn’t breathing.” I can still feel the panic. “The mother wasn’t panicking at all, she was calm. No mother allows a child to drift into death; they beg and scream for help. Even the nurse didn’t move. None of it made sense. With paddles in hand, I really looked at the baby. It looked too much like Kayla. Right then, I realized it had to be a test, they were hoping my seeing Kayla in it would make me save the baby without thinking.”
He continues staring at me. “Don’t all babies look alike?”
“Not really. Besides, if the baby belonged to the mother, it would have Brazilian features and she would have been screaming from the second she entered the hospital, begging anyone who would listen for help.”
“You really are remarkable. What happened here?” His eyes shift to my ripped sleeve. “Why were you crawling out of the room?”
I am too tired to get into that mess and am still unsure of what test involves him. “When I passed the test, the mother got upset and threw me against the wall, it must have ripped then and I was unsteady on my feet.”
“Did you fracture anything?” He reaches around and starts lifting the back of my shirt. Flinching, my body leaps to the edge of the bed, away from him as my legs draw involuntarily up to my chest. I can see his shock. “Mia, what’s wrong? I was only going to check for cracked ribs. Is there something you’re not telling me?”
My thunderous heart is in my throat. “I can’t afford to make a mistake. I’m sorry. I need some time alone.”
Rising, he backs away, his eyes never leaving mine. “Just know I’m here. I’ll let you rest. Let me know when you want to go to the dead forest.”
I’m anxious to go, but force myself to stay silent, knowing my ribs are sore, my head probably has a concussion, and any impairment to my thinking clearly will cause me to make mistakes I cannot afford. My head aches thinking how clever at conjuring deceptions his side is and how keen my mind will have to work to even have a hope at deciphering them. My head drops into my hands. I am so out of my league. I could use some aspirin, but fear another encounter with Anderson. Rising, I’m hoping a shower will help ease my sore muscles and clear my muddied mind. Thankfully, Jason left a pile of scrubs by the night stand.
Undressing, my back is covered with bruises from my lost fight with the wall, but thankfully, my ribs do not feel broken. Stepping into the steaming water, my body registers relief, but my mind cannot stop chiding itself. Knowing how difficult the upcoming challenges will be, I should have been more aware that I was being backed into a corner that I couldn’t escape from. If I had, I would not be at a physical disadvantage now. My internal rebuke is interrupted by a distant voice ringing through my thoughts. “Mia, why did you run from me? I will try to get back in.” The voice sounds like Emma, but then fades. I freeze as Andrew’s voice comes to me in a faint echo. “Hold on and be careful, you need to come back to me, please.” My eyes fly open at his anguished tone and as water splashes them, the voices disappear. Turning off the water, I listen intently but hear nothing. My subconscious chastises me further. Hearing voices is not a good sign. Don’t allow wishful thinking to impede reality. Think clearly at all times and be ready to let him go, let him escape no matter what the cost, he has to be set free!
Between the voices and my injuries, I’m lost, blanketed by a fog that will not retreat. Hopefully a few hours of sleep will clear the haze. Locking the door and placing a chair under the handle of the bathroom door, I drift into darkness.
Waking to a blackened sky, it is not even close to morning. My head is pounding worse than before, but at least my thoughts are no longer cloudy. Rising, I decide to find father Montague. Heading toward the hospital, I hope he is taking the night shift.
Despite the time, I can’t understand why no one is at reception. There’s no sign of anyone, anywhere. Stepping into the elevator and pressing three, I again feel as if I’m plunging downward, instead of ascending. Reaching his door, I knock, but there’s no answer. I decide to leave a note asking him to come and find me. Opening his door, there is nothing in his office, not even a chair. Convinced I have the wrong office, I turn to leave when the elevator doors open and out steps Father Montague. “Mia, what are you doing up so late?”
“I just got up and was hoping to talk to you.”
He moves his hand around me and opens the door. “Go in, please.”
Stepping inside, there is now furniture. I shake my head. Maybe my mind really did snap, not only am I hearing voices, but now I’m hallucinating.
“Please sit.” He moves around the desk.
Putting my hand on the seat, it’s solid. Father Montague stares at me strangely. “How can I help you?”
“Could you tell me when Dr. Anderson arrived here?”
I see my question surprises him. “He arrived about a week ago from Argentina. Do you know him?”
“Our paths crossed briefly in medical school. I was surprised to see him here. Father, considering your location, how do patients get here?”
“We are the only hospital for fifty miles and the villagers are used to the traveling over rough terrain. We also have our physicians travel in special mobile hospitals to care for the locals.” He sighs. “I don’t think curiosity about our little hospital is why you came. Did you come here to say good-bye and move on with your life? I know sometimes after someone loses a loved one in an accident far away, they go to the site for closure.”
Looking into his eyes, I don’t know how to answer him. Despite his transformation and working with the St. Clouds, I don’t know how much he knows about them. Considering he is a priest, I wonder if he can help me understand what I may face or have any information about him that would help me to save the others. “Father, I know this will sound strange, but what can you tell me about hell and the devil?”
His features turn shocked. “Why would ask something like that?”
I don’t want to connect the St. Clouds to my question considering they will still be working with him after my demise. “I don’t know how much Andrew told you about the past year and the losses which I suffered, especially my sister at the hands of…”
He interrupts me. “Andrew did tell me you inherited your sister’s children after she died in an accident on New Year’s Eve, but how would that lead you to such a question?”
I don’t want to sound crazy, but if he can help me in any way, I need to know. “Father, I believe some people’s lives are touched by evil and always wondered if people of faith felt the same. My parents were all about practicality, but growing up I heard stories of exorcisms and people who claimed to be influenced by the devil in their actions.”
His shocked look turns to confusion. “Mia, I believe you suffered some unfortunate events because of an individual who exercised irresponsible judgment in driving and Andrew’s accident. In answer to your question about Satan, he was the brightest of all angels that occupied heaven. However, his pride was not looked upon favorably and he was cast out of paradise. Throughout history he has been portrayed as a manipulator or one who tempts people away from good. I’m not sure how much you know about the stories, but it was argued that Satan was the one who appeared and tempted Eve. His power and influence ruined the idea of a perfect utopia created by his nemesis.”
I’m surprised by the admiration I detect in his tone. “So do you believe that Satan can compel people into evil?”
He contemplates before responding. “As you know, from your own chosen field, people’s choices can be influenced by circumstances and surroundings, but they are the ones who decide which path to follow. Maybe he just assists them in discovering their true nature or maybe they just desire to take advantage of the options he provides to them. People make choices every day and only by choosing his way of life can they be truly of any use to him.” He seems to think of something and his tone changes. “Maybe when people make choices that others disagree with, they backtrack and try to blame the one who has been portrayed as the all-time villain instead of taking responsibilities for their own actions.”
There’s something in his tone that causes me to push forward. “I know I can be dense sometimes, so are you saying that you believe he can’t possess someone or compel them to do something, but that they can only choose to do his work and if so, were those cases in history of claimed possessions and influence a fallacy?”
“This is not the conversation I envisioned having when I saw you, I feel as if…” He stops himself. “Hmm” He sits back. His face lifts toward the ceiling and finally returns to me. “I wouldn’t say that it is impossible for him to compel someone because he is extremely powerful, nor would I say that possessions are not real, but I believe both such events are extremely rare, practically non-existent if you consider the eons of time that have passed since the beginning of creation. I believe that people have a choice in deciding which side of their nature they give in to and to truly belong to either heaven or hell, they must live in the extremes. Most people make good and bad choices throughout their existence and spend time in purgatory before moving forward.” His eyes glance at his watch. “I hope I’ve answered your questions. Andrew was right you are a surprising young woman. Maybe we could talk again later. I have to set up for the morning shift.” He rises and we head out.
Entering the elevator, I press the lobby button and lean back into the wall, my body still stiff and in need of some aspirin before heading toward the dead forest. I don’t want to delay this journey any longer. Something tells me time is running out. I’ve stopped, but the doors remain closed. Stretching to push the open door button, the elevator plummets downward. My stomach lurches as the elevator comes to a crashing halt, my falling body slams against the hard floor sending a bolt of pain radiating throughout my already battered torso. The doors open. I am engulfed in burning heat and begin choking as the overwhelming smell of sulfur fills the confined space. Throwing up my hands to protect my face from the onslaught of fire, my arms are singed. Peering through my fingers, I see Andrew, my sister and Jackson wriggling in pain, burning flames engulfing them as demons hold them down. Hoisting myself up, I fling myself forward, despite the encroaching flames, but the doors shut before I can push myself through. My fingers dig into the crease trying to wrench the doors open, but they will not budge. Pounding the open door button, the elevator suddenly ascends, thrusting me back on the floor. My head hits the side. I hear a voice echoing in the small chamber. “Come and save them, they are suffering and you are taking too long.” Jonathan’s familiar voice baits me.
The doors open allowing in an all too familiar problem. Scurrying to my knees, I fling myself upright. Balling my hands into fists, he moves forcing me back into the corner, his hands raised. Bracing to counter his attack, I am about to throw a punch, hoping to at least disorient him, but something father Montague said pops into my consciousness and all of a sudden a voice is whispering a tactic into my ear that I never thought possible. Knowing if I’m wrong, I will be vulnerable, I pray my little voice is correct. I gently place my hands on his chest. “Anderson I forgive you for what you did to me and wish you would just go away.”
He freezes as a pained look engulfs and contorts his features. He screams, spitting sulfur in my face. “Give me one more chance! I can get her to attack first and take her out!” Suddenly he is aglow from the inside. As the heat consumes him, I thrust myself sideways to avoid the flames and he is gone.
Sinking toward the floor in relief, the elevator moves again, opening at the lobby. Jason is standing there. He moves quickly toward me. “What happened?” His appraising eyes staring. “Why are your clothes singed?”
My voice is hoarse. “I stood at the gates of hell. I saw Andrew, Jackson and my sister, but the doors closed before I could get to them.”
He grabs my arms. “Mia, what are you saying, a gateway is here?”
“I’m not sure what I’m saying.” I choke.
“Let’s get you some water and you can tell me exactly what happened.”
He helps me up. Grabbing a water bottle from the nurse’s lounge, we head outside. “What happened? Why didn’t you tell me you were coming back to the hospital? I would have come over with you.”
“I couldn’t sleep and thought talking with father Montague might give me some insight into who I might be facing. When I got into the elevator, it plunged downward…”
He interrupts me. “Mia, there are only two floors between the office and the lobby, if the elevator plunged downward it would have crashed.”
“Jason, I reached the lobby, but the doors remained closed. All of a sudden, the elevator plummeted. When the doors opened, flames surrounded me and I could see them! They were being held in the fire by demons!” Away from the danger, what I saw registers. My voice cracks and tears overwhelm my eyes. What if that was my only chance to grab them and I lost it because I was too slow? If I could have only gotten out of the elevator and pushed them in before the doors closed, they would be the ones who ascended. Rising, I pace wildly, arguing with myself. “You blew it. Daniela was right, how have I made it this far being so slow and stupid. I cost them their only chance to be saved.” My knees buckle as my body shakes violently. The images of their burning and being ripped apart by demons bombards my consciousness.
Jason picks me up. “Mia, calm down. You said that your journey was to begin in a cave. I think it was an illusion to frighten you and show you how powerful they are. You need to understand, they probably thought that you were going to fail immediately and then when you passed some of the tests, they needed to throw you off balance, scare you, show you whose boss and who will win. I mean come on Mia, even you have to admit, you may be a witch but don’t know how to use your talents. You didn’t allow Andrew to convert you. They probably figured you were some helpless human whose soul their boss wants and they could acquire it for him quickly, with little effort. When you surprised them and showed them that you are not easily fooled, they needed to flex their superiority and throw you off your game. They want to be done toying with you. They want you to become one of them so they can move on. I’m telling you that was not your challenge, it was only an illusion.” His tone is strange and not reassuring at all.
The singe marks are no illusion. “If it was just an illusion, how do you explain this?” I motion to my clothes. “I lost my chance Jason. I’m so stupid! They’re paying for my mistakes. All I had to do was fling myself through those doors and push them inside, and then everything would be as it should.” My hands fly up to my face as I sob.
Jason grabs my hands, leading me inside. “I’ll show you there is nothing below that elevator but concrete. I’m telling you they were just flexing their muscles to throw you off your game. If you keep chiding yourself, you are not going to see what comes next and you will lose your opportunity. Did anything else happen? If it did, maybe the illusion was to throw you off of some test you didn’t even realize you passed.”
Recapping what I heard when the elevator doors closed, he smiles. “I was right. The purpose was to get you moving, not to have you jump through to the illusion. Was there anything else?”
Before I answer, Jason, sees a custodian. “Hold that thought” he goes over and speaks Portuguese to him. The gentleman hands Jason a key. Jason motions for me to join him and then puts the key in the elevator. The doors open, the elevator ascends seven feet and stops. Jason goes inside and stomps his feet on the ground. “See, just concrete, it had to be an illusion, but from your clothes it was quite realistic.” Exiting, he returns the key to the custodian and we walk to the residency so I can change and get some water and food for our travels. Jason asks me again, “Was there anything else that happened?”
Figuring the test with Anderson is over I see no reason not to answer his question. “Do you remember the doctor I had a run in with?”
“Yes, doctor Anderson”
“When you come back, tell father Montague that he had to leave.”
“Did you attack him?”
I’m surprised by his question and the gleaming flash of his eyes. The thought of their influencing him causes me to panic. I need him to show me where the dead forest is. Without him, the journey will take too long. They are stepping up their game and I’m running out of time. “Why would you ask that?”
He notes my anxiety. “Last night when you reacted to my touch, I confronted Dr. Anderson. There seemed to be something going on and since you were hesitant to tell me, I thought I could get some answers from him.”
My panic subsides slightly at his rational explanation. “What did he tell you?”
“It wasn’t what he told me, it was more his reaction toward my inquiry and his smugness at the mention of your name. I tried to hypnotize him. However, when that didn’t work, I knew that he was something more than just human. As he and I did our little dance, I surmised from the fact that you told me you knew him in medical school and he took your clothes that you two had a very unfriendly encounter and maybe more.”
“You really are perceptive. He was one of my tests. We did have an unfriendly encounter...”
“What do you mean he was one of your tests?”
“Let’s just say, if I had attacked him and he returned the attack, I would be dead. I forgave him for our previous unpleasant encounter and he dissipated before my eyes.”
Jason’s eyes grow wide with disbelief. “How did you know that forgiving him was the right move and what do you mean he dissipated?”
“I took a leap of faith and trusted my instincts. As far as his disappearing, I can’t really describe it, he screamed and then all of a sudden he seemed engulfed by a heated glow and disappeared.”
Jason appears stunned. “Mia, in all my time on this plane, dealing with all its creatures, I have never known anyone like you. Where do you get this capacity to forgive? You should have attacked him for what he did to you. I would have thought that every cell in your body would be screaming for you to attack.” He pokes me. “Are you sure you’re real? I just don’t understand you. If it were me, I would have punched him, kicked him, and made sure he couldn’t get up. In fact, it would take everything I have not to bite him, knowing that I wouldn’t want to turn such a thing stronger, but killing him would let him off the hook too easy. I just…” We reach the room and he shakes his head. “I should let you get dressed. I’ll pack some supplies.”
He turns and I grab his hand. “Jason, why don’t you just make me a map, he’s playing with me and you will likely get caught in this sick game. I don’t want to hand him over anyone else.”
“I can handle myself. Although you haven’t needed my help so far, something tells me it is going to be quite different out there and an extra set of eyes and hands may be very useful. Besides, I wouldn’t feel right about leaving you to face this alone.”
“Jason, if you come, you have to promise me that once we reach the entrance, you will get away from there as fast as you can. I can’t afford one more distraction worrying about another person. I know how fast that wall closed in my dream and trying to get all of them out is going to be difficult enough, so promise me as soon as it comes into view that you will be out of there!”
“We’ll worry about that when we get there.” He heads down the hallway before I can object.
Grabbing a set of scrubs, I step into the shower, allowing the tub to fill around me. Closing my eyes and letting the water engulf every part of my body, I clear my mind and think only about what Jason asked and what really led me to make my decision. With Anderson, listening to the voice inside of me was extremely important. I run the other tests through my mind, from the moment I saw Daniela in the nursery to the present, trying to view them as a third party, devoid of any emotion, looking for some common thread or theme. The images suddenly disappear as barely audible voices touch my mind. Straining to hear, they become slightly clearer. “Mia, come back, it’s a …, a lie if you die…” The voice sounds desperate but a commanding, thunderous voice drowns out the whispered plea. “Stop listening to the voices, the distraction will cause you to lose. Time is running out, they will be forever lost unless you find them soon.” This voice although boisterous, has the same desperation, but neither sounds familiar. Sighing, I decide it must be my subconscious struggling, warring just like my little angel and devil from before. I can’t afford this type of struggle it will lead to hesitation. Quickly pulling the plug, I step outside of the shower reminding myself that I must forge forward without delay and without hesitation. Otherwise, I won’t even have the slightest chance to save any of them, if it’s possible at all. Getting dressed, I run into the hallway. Jason is waiting for me. “Let’s go, there isn’t much time left.”
The sun is rising, heating up the day quickly, although considering where I am heading this heat pales in comparison. Reaching the edge of the forest, I’m grateful for the relief from the sun before heading into my incendiary future. With each step, I repeat my mantra knowing that hesitation will cause those I love to be lost in hell forever. “Think quickly, but react even quicker.” As we hike, I see what father Montague meant, the terrain is quite uneven and dense. Struggling to quicken my pace, I’m sure Jason is frustrated. I catch him mumbling to himself.
After traveling for a few hours, “Jason, I thought it was only a few miles away?”
He shrugs. “I guess I never accounted for the speed that we travel at. I forget that sometimes. Do you want to rest for a while?”
“No, I’m fine, but you’re sure that we’re headed in the right direction?”
“I recognize the area. It shouldn’t be much further.”
Trudging forward, the clouds roll in offering us respite from the blazing sun piercing through even the greenest trees, plaguing our journey, and which I’m sure doesn’t even remotely provide a taste of the blaze which will greet me once we reach our destination. Looking at the clouds, they appear gray and heavy reminding me of the clouds at Sanctuary right before a rain storm. Maybe I will receive some wet relief before braving the blazing heat of hell. Far off, I see the dead forest coming into view. Someone is propped up against a tree as if awaiting our arrival. This is it. Hopefully, they will only take me and let Jason flee. Walking with purpose, I am about to tell Jason to turn now, but my mind freezes as I realize who stands there. He has to be an illusion. Staring intently, I try to see through the veil of deception, but the image never waivers.
I run towards Gabriel passing Jason whose pace remains unchanged. Calling out his name, Gabriel remains impassive. Throwing my arms out to hug him, they pass right through him and I fall to the ground, slamming against an upraised tree root.
Jason helps me up. “Are you alright, why did you do that?”
“I’m fine. Where did Gabriel go?”
He takes my hand, his features bemused. “Mia, Gabriel is gone, remember?”
“Jason, I know he died. I saw his essence standing before the forest, that’s why I started running.”
He shakes his head. “That’s not possible. He’s too young. He wouldn’t be able to appear now.” His eyes sweep the area and so do mine. What if it was to throw me off of something that is coming at us? As my eyes reach the distant trees, Gabriel reappears next to Jason.
“Mia, you can’t save him, all you are doing is handing yourself over to him by continuing this futile quest.” I notice Jason’s eyes still darting through the trees. He doesn’t hear Gabriel. “Stop now. Go home. I don’t have much time. I’m not supposed to be here, but you aren’t listening to Jason. You need to listen to me. You can’t win this game you have committed to. You will lose! You are forfeiting your life for no reason. Stop this now and please go home. He is not worth… You cannot save him; it is not worth risking your soul!”
I shake my head. “Gabriel you’re wrong. You know why he’s there, it’s my fault and I have to try to save him and them.”
“He wouldn’t want that. He will be tortured further watching you ripped apart daily. Give up now, you should have never agreed to this. He didn’t listen and see where he is now. Go home and stop this foolishness!” He rasps.
I wonder if Gabriel’s gifts carried over into his afterlife and he sees that I will fail instantly or if his powers did not continue, if his new perspective allows him to see what will happen next. Thinking about what he said, and is telling me to do, I realize what my course must be and begin moving with such determination that I pass through him. Intense heat mounts behind me. Gabriel screams. “Give me another chance! I can get her to give up.” I turn to see Gabriel dissipating in the same manner as Anderson, but the heat is ten times more intense. Staring as the flames engulf him, but not burning the area around him, my stomach churns violently. I vomit knowing that this is the fate that they are suffering now and which awaits me.
Jason is instantly by my side. Closing my eyes, I argue with myself. If you do the right thing, they won’t be suffering like that anymore and you can handle it as long as they are safe, nothing else matters. Don’t dwell on this, it will cause you to hesitate or not think clearly. Opening my eyes, Jason is staring at me. “What was that all about?”
“Gabriel was next to you. He wanted me to turn around. When he failed in his task, the demon casting his illusion was punished.”
Jason inhales deeply. “Mia, did you feel that heat? Maybe turning around isn’t a bad idea. I didn’t even see him. I would have never been able to help you.”
“No, turning around would be the worst idea imaginable. If I do that, I forfeit and lose immediately. This was another test.”
“I don’t understand.”
My mouth is dry from the all-consuming, combusting heat. Taking a sip of water, I continue. “Jason, the images of those I love are being used in this sick façade to trip me up.”
“How did you know it wasn’t really Gabriel’s spirit trying to help you, warn you not to go forward with this?”
“He had me wondering when he was trying to talk me out of it whether he saw something, but then, he said Andrew wasn’t worth it. Gabriel would have never said that, no matter what his brother did. At first, I thought maybe he was trying a different tactic, but it was too far from Gabriel’s character and when he mentioned how I had committed to this, I remembered that Daniela said something very similar that night in the nursery. I did commit to trying to save Andrew and the others, to do anything less would be to forfeit and lose.” Jason gazes upon me with wondering eyes. “I would not just be walking away. Whoever is doing this, be it him or one of his minions, I agreed to enter a sick game and when you leave a game in the middle of it or before there is a winner, you forfeit, you lose. If I allowed Gabriel to convince me to turn around and stop, I would forfeit and immediately be defeated.”
He sits motionless, his mouth agape for what seems like hours and finally shakes away his shock. “How can you remember such inconsequential conversations and pick up on such small nuances to help you decipher such things? I would never be able to discern such things. I mean I know as physicians we’re trained to listen, but I can’t imagine any physician who discerns such minutia.”
“Don’t be too amazed. It’s only because I became so in tune with them, that I can tell when they don’t sound right. I guess it’s similar to what you did last night. You said you detected that there was something up from the way I reacted to you after my encounter with the so-called Anderson. That’s how I knew something was wrong with Gabriel.” Taking in a deep breath, something else comes to mind.
“What just occurred to you?”
“I just realized how essential it is for me to listen and observe every detail in order for me to discern what is truly before me.” I never considered that the people I love and would ordinarily listen to could be utilized against me like this. Considering what we are dealing with and everything that went on in the woods that evening, seeing the two Jonathan’s and such, I don’t know why I’m surprised. Closing my eyes, I feel my first real pangs of despair as I realize how hopeless this situation really is. Although I am more than willing to try, my efforts will probably be rewarded with having to watch as the ones I love are ripped apart and tortured over and over again. My head falls towards my upraised knees as the idea of Gabriel’s image confusing me now and my inability to tell Nicholas and Andrew apart as Nicholas took his last breath flashes across my mind. What if my next encounter is something similar to Nicholas that night? My heart leaps from my chest as I envision two images of Andrew standing before me with no time to distinguish who is who. Would I be able to push the right one through? Despite remembering what I told Jackson, I know in my panic, in that instant, I will hesitate and fail.
After I don’t know how long, Jason shakes me, calling me from my introspection. “Mia, what has you so preoccupied?”
Opening my eyes, I realize it’s time for me to face this on my own, my thoughts are immaterial. I can at least let him escape. “Jason, you need to leave now. Thank you for getting me this far, I will never forget what you risked for me. I need to forge forward alone. You need to be safely away from all of this. This is not going to end well. I can’t have you caught up too. You couldn’t see Gabriel. It has to be a warning that you won’t be able to see what’s coming next. You need to leave while you can, any further and you will get caught in this mess.”
“Mia, I don’t think our separating is a good idea. I know that I didn’t see Gabriel, but what if your next test is a physical attack? You won’t be able to fight it off. Even if I can’t see them, you can warn me.”
Shaking my head, “No, if they wanted to attack me that way, they could have easily ended this the moment I agreed to enter this game. They are playing with me.”
“What if they are done playing games and come after you?”
“Even if you’re right, as strong as you are, I know what they are capable of and you will not prevail. You need to leave. Jason, I can’t have one more person to worry about and you are…” Staring into his eyes, I stop myself. “Jason could I have a few minutes.” A strange look crosses his features. In that instant, I know what I have been missing all long. Pacing amongst the dead underbrush, I contemplate whether I could be clever enough to use my new found knowledge to my advantage. First, I must determine whether or not my assumption is correct. Allowing myself to hope, my hand reflexively moves to my neck where I feel only my watch.”
Jason’s voice startles me. “Mia, are you alright? You’re about to wear a hole in the undergrowth and you’re clutching your neck as if to strangle yourself.”
Staring at him, the sun peaks out from the clouds, reflecting on our faces. I can’t believe I missed it, it is so obvious, my subconscious slaps the side of my head. Took you long enough, try not to make another mistake, use this information wisely. “Jason, I am too afraid to do this on my own. I could never fight off a physical attack or break free long enough to accomplish anything. I didn’t fare so well when the demon threw me up against a wall, but I’m afraid to ask you for your help. I could never reconcile my asking someone who did not belong to that realm to come with me and risk their eternity, it wouldn’t be right.” Taking his hand, “You have to leave.” I grip his hand harder.
“You’re not asking me, I’m offering. I want to help. Come on, let’s head to the cave.”
Hugging him, we begin walking. “Thank you, but you have to promise me that you will get yourself out as soon as you see the others moving, I can’t have one more person trapped in a plane where they don’t belong.”
“I promise.”
Reaching the cave, it’s more of an underground rock formation. Crawling around inside, there is barely any room to breathe let alone for someone to be dragged through. Reaching into my pocket, I remove a small flashlight to illuminate the space. There is no sign of embers or discoloration anywhere. Pounding the ground my frustrated voice echoes in my ears. “If this is not right, I would have lost in the nursery! Ugh!” Crawling out, I catch a glimpse of Jason before exiting. His features flare and then become set like stone.
He helps me up. “What’s wrong?”
“This isn’t the entrance!” My disgust and anxiety is apparent.
“Isn’t this where you told Daniela?”
“Yes. I don’t understand it, but I need to figure it out soon. I can feel the time running out.” My eyes scan the surroundings wildly; my thoughts jumble as my anxiety ridden heart pounds out of control. I fight to get hold of myself. I must think clearly. Forcing in a deep breath, I slowly pan the area, methodically, carefully viewing my actual surroundings, not just my immediate surroundings.
Jason stands next to me and whispers. “Maybe we should head back. It’s getting late. I don’t think you want to be out here, it will be dangerous.”
I can’t stop myself from laughing at the irony of his thinking that anything on this plane could be dangerous considering what we already faced and would be walking into shortly.
“Mia, if you are hurt by an animal, you couldn’t move forward …”
I raise my hand interrupting him. “I just need a minute.” Continuing to pan the area, looking beyond the barren trees surrounding us, lush green trees block the distance. As I turn around, I can see a small mountain in the distance. That has to be the place where they found father Montague. If I’m right that is also the place where I saw Andrew being dragged to in my dreams. Jason unwittingly gave me a clue when he talked about misjudging the distance to this area because of how fast they travel. What if I did the same in my dream? What if I saw Andrew being dragged from the dead forest to the mountain, but didn’t realize that because they travel so fast, I had actually missed most of the surroundings? My focus was on Andrew, not really what surrounded him. Closing my eyes, I try to recall every aspect of the dream and run it in slow motion. As the images flash through my memory, I realize that is exactly what I did. Andrew was dragged from the dead forest, through greenery and then through the entrance of a cave at the base of a mountain. Looking at the images without fear and without concentrating on Andrew, I see the mountain rising from the entrance and how he was dragged across level ground right before entering the cave.
“Mia, please we need to head to some shelter, I don’t want you out here when there is no more light to guide your way.”
Opening my eyes, “Jason, I know where we have to go next,” I point to the mountain while trying to watch his reaction in my peripheral vision. His features register his shock, just before he forces himself to gain composure as I turn to face him.
“Why would we head there?”
“That’s the entrance.”
“I thought you said the entrance was in the dead forest?” He clears his throat, probably debating whether to say what occurred to him, but finally speaks softly. “Did you ever consider you’re on a wild goose chase and they are just toying with you until they are ready to take you?”
“No, it’s not. I said that my journey would begin here and it has. This spot has shown me where the entrance to the cave is.”
Staring at the mountain, “It’s too far to travel over treacherous terrain in the dark. The cabin Father Montague spoke of should be only a few miles away. We can stay there and start fresh in the morning.”
Knowing how my mind becomes befuddled with lack of sleep, I follow him reluctantly. Despite my anxiety about losing more time, I know, how important clear thinking is, especially now that I’m in the final stretch of this game.
Jason quickens his pace as we reach the lush forest whose leaves block out the last rays of the waning sun. I rush to keep up and trip a few times. As the sky grays, my eyes scan the trees fearing what met me in the forest at Sanctuary all those months ago will meet us here, but with much more strength and ferocity since I’m sure there is nothing in this region that would remotely repel or weaken them. After two hours, dim lights escaping the tapestry covered windows of several cabins appear. “Which one is Father Montague’s?” Jason scans the houses, several of which have smoke coming from the chimneys. Moving closer, he points to one further back, “There”
“How do you know? I see others without lights or smoke emanating from the chimney.”
“Trust me” He moves forward.
Slipping the key in, he turns the knob and opens the door. Inside, the cabin is dark. Taking out my flashlight, I see a switch, but the electricity is off. Jason moves toward the fireplace. Placing several logs on the grate, he starts a toasty fire. “This should keep you warm and solve our little electricity problem.”
“Thank you.” Pulling off my backpack, I take out water and some apples. He pulls off his pack. “I’ll be outside for a few moments, you should eat and so should I.”
“Jason, you don’t have to leave.” Despite my words, my stomach lurches. He chuckles.
“I think it would be best.”
Staring at the flames, I am no longer hungry. Knowing if I don’t eat it will impact my ability to think clearly, an impairment I can’t risk, I force down bite after bite, not tasting any of it and wishing I had instead packed junk food. Considering it’s probably my last meal, I shouldn’t have worried about nutrition. Junk food would be much more comforting now.
Trying to distract myself to allow the food to go in easier, I gaze upon the flames dancing across the walls. Staring, I could swear several dark shadows dance within the fire’s glow. Am I actually seeing shadows surrounding me, waiting for me to enter their den or is it my overactive imagination projecting my fears. Concentrating, I can’t be sure. It has to be my imagination, I can’t get lost in such fears. Rising, I need a shower to clear off my travels and dark thoughts. As I catch sight of a door and rise, the other flies open and Jason is by my side.
Putting on my flashlight, “I’ll be right back. I just need to clean up.” 
Jason hands me a lamp. “This should work better. You don’t want to slip in the dark.”
“Thank you” Undressing, I step inside the stand alone shower. As I suspect, the water is frigid. Immediately immersing myself in the flow, I close my eyes and try to open my mind. No voices run through it, maybe it was my overactive imagination. Just in case I’m wrong and it’s possible, I try to project a message. “I’m coming to you. Help me if you can. I love you Andrew.” Despite every cell in my body feeling as if they are suffering from freezer burn, I force myself to remain as I repeat my mantra. Each time, trying to visualize the ones I love and the place I want to be, praying they can hear me. I don’t hear Jason enter. His voice stuns me. “Mia, are you alright, you have been in here a long time, please answer me.”
Trying to focus, I steady my voice. “I’m fine. When I hike, I tend to shut down.” I hope I sound convincing. Stepping into the next room, his back is towards me, but I can tell he’s staring into the flames. Approaching him, I see a blanket on the cushion and curl up on the couch, hoping to warm myself enough to stop my chattering teeth.
My eyes again scan the shadows being cast as I drift into an uneasy sleep. The flames extinguish as the last log turns to ash. The shadows dancing upon the walls are no longer reflections. Three dimensional, they step away from the perimeter alight with a deep crimson glow, their eyes reflecting the fire which created them. My eyes widen as a never ending army emerges around us. I want to run, but to where? My scanning eyes frantically search for an opening among them, there is none. They crowd around us. Their intensifying heat burns my skin as more materialize. Maybe this cabin is the portal to hell and these are the demons coming to take us to whatever comes next. With each menacing step, their smiles grow wider, revealing their long, sharp teeth. Their talons extend far beyond their claw like hands. I hoist myself over the back of the couch, but something grabs me from behind, dragging me out of the cabin; through the thick brush; past the dead forest; until it finally thrusts me back into the small crawl space. Inside, the wall I pounded upon earlier is now clear, but just as hard and impenetrable. Behind it, I see Andrew, holding me. All of a sudden someone places a film over the lenses of my eyes. Despite my impaired vision, Andrew’s gaunt and tortured face is unmistakable. He’s speaking, but I cannot hear. Pounding against the rock, I ache to touch him, feel him and let him know that everything will be alright. I will soon be at his side for real. The images move closer to the wall, closer to me. I push against the crystallized structure before me, despite my bloodying and burning hands, the wall does not move, not even the tiniest of shards fall off.
The image disappears and Andrew’s arms emerge through the wall. Grabbing hold of them, I try to pull him through, bracing my legs against the wall and heaving with all my might. In that instant, the image reappears. A deep crimson glow surrounds him as demons tear at his flesh. I watch in horror as Andrew dissipates in the same way Gabriel had. As his hands burn away from me, I gasp and something pulls my shoulders, dragging me out of the crawl space and throwing me outside. I hit something hard. My eyes fly open, the fireplace logs are mere embers now. How did I get back to the cabin? I don’t remember walking back. Did Jason carry me? Looking around, I see a brightening gray sky. My watch reveals it’s five o’clock. Jason is nowhere to be found. Rising, I keep the blanket around me. Touching the walls, they are solid. There is no sign that anything happened here last night. Moving outside, I scan the immediate area. Jason is not here. Did it happen? Am I now on my own? Remembering how I hit my head, I draw my hand up. There isn’t any bump. Looking at my hands, there are no signs of dried blood or abrasions. It had to be a dream. Maybe Jason is hunting.
I take this moment alone to try and send one last message, knowing I may never speak with him again. Turning on the shower, I step inside. The water seems even colder than before. My body shivers violently, but I force my mind past the feeling to concentrate, reminding myself that I cannot fail and this is good practice in moving beyond what is happening to me physically to achieve my task. I move into the water allowing the cold to envelop me. Straining to listen, all I hear is the chattering of my teeth. After a few moments, I repeat my earlier three simple sentences like a mantra and add one. “If I fail, remember I will always love you and you have to go on.” I feel the tears rolling down my cheeks. They are much warmer than the actual water. 
I hear my name being called. “I’ll be right there Jason.” Shutting off the water, I get ready, grab my backpack and head out to Jason.
“I hope you didn’t think I abandoned you when you woke up, I didn’t expect to be gone so long.”
“I had hoped you figured out hanging with me is hazardous to your health and finally took my advice, but then looking outside and knowing how good you are, I knew you couldn’t make yourself leave before finishing this.”
He laughs. “How do you keep your sense of humor considering all of this?”
“If I didn’t approach it this way, my fear would freeze me in place like an immovable statute.” I’m happy he seems to be at ease with me. “Where did you go?”
“I went to the mountain seeking the most direct path and to see if the cave there or if it’s just another stepping stone.”
Although I ask the question, I know the answer. “Is it there?”
“Yes. We’ll be there by late afternoon, if we start now.”
“Let’s go.”
Hiking before the sun reaches its apex is much easier. As the midday sun beats upon me, my steps become slower. Thankfully we passed the rougher terrain. As cool water slides down my throat, I wonder if there will be any relief to the dry burning sensation that my throat will experience soon. Stop thinking about trivial things, it doesn’t matter if you are uncomfortable or afraid. You know what you have to do!
Jason interrupts my internal chastising. “Would you like to rest? We’re about another hour away.”
“Let’s keep moving.” Compelling my legs forward, we quicken the pace.
“Did you receive any clues about what is coming our way when you slept?”
His comment catches me off guard. “What did you say?”
He glances toward me. “Someone told me that sometimes you get ideas of what is happening in your dreams. I hate to admit it, but I’m a little nervous, so is there is any information you could share so that I could be of more use?”
His words disarm me and I can feel myself backpedaling. If I’m wrong…” Before I finish my thoughts, we reach a clearing. Looking into the eyes of a now stopped Jason I compel my voice to respond softly. “Jason, I wish I could tell you what is going to happen, but I can’t. I don’t even want to surmise. This doesn’t need to be your fight, you can still turn around.”
After a heartbeat, he walks towards the mountain and the entrance to the cave. “Let’s go and see what’s in store.”
With each step, I repeat my new mantra. “Trust your instincts. Do not hesitate, hesitation will mean failure.”
Standing at the cave’s entrance, I drift toward the awaiting abyss. Pulling out my flashlight, I know I only need it to last until I see the glow from what could be my new fiery home. Stepping inside, I wonder if there will be any more head games before I reach my destination.
“Mia, can I ask you something?”
“You’re here with me, I don’t’ see why not.”
“Are you afraid?”
Still moving, “I would be crazy if I wasn’t, but I need to do the right thing. I would never want anyone to suffer for me.”
“Mia, don’t take offense, but you say you love Andrew, you fought so hard to be with him and I know you would like nothing better than to spend eternity with him. Knowing this, wouldn’t it just be easier to lose this fight so that you could at least be together?”
Can they really be concerned that I might remotely succeed? “Jason I do love him, more than I ever thought possible. I can’t stand to think of him suffering, he and his siblings have suffered so much because they became caught in something that they should not have been. Despite everything that was thrust upon them, they never gave up trying to do the right thing. How could I ever allow myself to be the conduit utilized to tie them to a world that has already taken so much from them because it believes that it has a claim upon them just because they entered this plane from a union which they had no choosing. They should be judged for their actions. Andrew has done nothing to suffer at the hands of the netherworld. I refuse to be the reason that he does. Although my sister and I didn’t see eye to eye, it’s bad enough she lost her life and the opportunity to be with her children because of me. She should not be held one moment longer in Satan’s grasp because of this game. As far as Jackson goes, the only thing he ever did was fall in love, none of them belong there and no matter what the cost, I will try to save them.
His features turn shocked, but I can see the glow emanating from deep within the cave. As we move forward, the heat intensifies, it’s stifling. Jason whispers. “Are you sure?”
“I need to continue, you should do what is best for you. Thank you for everything. I won’t forget what you did for me. I can’t even begin to tell you how much you helped me.” Forging forward, I know hesitation at this point will cause the entrance to start closing.
I feel Jason following. Stepping closer towards the flaming archway, Andrew’s watch scorches my skin, but I refuse to remove it. Jumping through, I’m surprised my whole body isn’t instantly singed. Jason pops through.
This realm is bathed in a burnt sienna light. The walls are covered with streaming lava flowing and forming canals of hot, molten rock on the floor surrounding our feet. I can feel the heat through the soles of my sneakers as the fiery entrance behind me burns my back. There is no sign of Andrew. A feeling of desolation embraces my heart. My eyes scan the area, catching sight of strange fiery formations emanating within the walls. Briefly an emblazon arm or leg escapes, reminding me of a sunburst, which is immediately re-consumed. They must be entrapped souls. I can now hear their moans. Focusing, I see their tortured features and desolate charcoal eyes. Tearing my eyes away, I look toward the little ground before us. We are surrounded by pools and canals of burning lava making the rock we’re standing on appear as burning coals. Knowing the heat I feel already, stepping further inside will cause my flesh to be burned away, turning me into a fiery soul. Fear cripples me as a fiery creature emerges from the pool, stands upon an ember and beckons us forward. Placing my foot upon the emerging coals to follow, the heat engulfs me. I recoil back toward the entrance. My feeling confirms that I am correct in my belief. If I move too far from the entrance, I will lose my only chance.
Jason is at my ear, whispering. “Did you change your mind?”
I don’t respond. Instead, I call out to those running this show. “I’m here, let’s get this over with. Daniela, I know you and Jonathan have been pulling my strings from the beginning. I passed all your tests. Are you brave enough to come out and reveal that it has been you all along? If you want me, here I am. Reveal yourselves!” Hopefully, my baiting them will cause them to emerge. Even if it is only to punish me, they will probably bring the others. This could be my chance.
Jason stares at me in shock.
A loud crackling sound roars from the opposite side of the tunnel. Flames spark as a fiery creature emerges. The intensity of his heat is ten times that of the surrounding walls. As it crosses the coals, the fire is extinguished and Jonathan is revealed. Another such creature follows. As it cools, Daniela emerges.
“You think you’re so clever don’t you Mia?”
I try to sound confident despite the raging fear gripping my heart tighter than any vice. “I just want to get on with this, you wanted me to come down to your territory, here I am, let’s finish this.”
Jonathan moves closer, his hands intertwined as his index fingers tap his bottom lip. “I’m curious, how did you know it was us and not our creator who brought you into this challenge. You will be a wonderful gift for my master.”
“Truthfully”
“Of course, I would expect nothing less from someone like you.”
Figuring I have nothing to lose and hoping to proceed while still in this area I answer knowing that if I move from here, not only will I see his master, despite his not having a hand in this game, but the ones I came for will be doomed. As I speak, I hope it will force them to bring the others and that they can penetrate the blockade to escape. “Jonathan, you are the one who tipped me off actually.”
“You’re lying; I haven’t been around you since that night in the woods.” His tone reflects his annoyance.
“I’m not lying. You tipped your hand by bringing me to the same place you went after Andrew. Jackson saw you here. You may have been able to shield yourself from your one time siblings, but he is not susceptible to your ploys.”
His menacing laugh makes me shiver. “Obviously Mia you are wrong. He is susceptible to being captured by me. Isn’t that why you’re here, to free them?” But I am curious, how did you know Daniela was helping me?”
I don’t know why, but I didn’t want to reveal to him that I had finally put together the conversation with Emma and Victor about black witches and my dream regarding Daniela being burned at the stake. It took me much too long to perceive the importance of that dream, so I settle for providing him with information that he probably knows already. “Come on Jonathan, why do you toy with me when you know the answer to that. Daniela is the demonic witch that Nicholas fell in love with while you were in Salem. If I was more perceptive, I would have known that the moment I felt her familiarity.” From his facial features, I am directly on point. My eyes, shift to Daniela who is annoyed. “You know when my and Nicholas’ souls touched that his soul left thoughts and feelings that I never personally experienced. I should have put it together sooner, especially when Andrew told me that he felt an unexplained connection, but as you love to tell me Daniela” I turn back to her, “I am rather slow.”
“Yes you are. It is that slowness and your inability to truly see that will cost you everything Mia. You will fail and all will be lost to you forever.” She retorts angrily.
“That’s what mystifies you the most, isn’t it? How the Nicholas side of Andrew, after falling in love with someone as clever as you could have been moved by someone you consider so inferior.” Looking at her struggling to hide her contorting features, I know I’m getting to her and hope this will put her off balance. If I can aggravate her enough maybe I can gain a minuscule advantage. Watching her eyes flare, she is definitely aggravated. As she focuses on me, her eyes turn fiercer, igniting the flames within them. I hope she is bound to take me to her master as an offering alive. Otherwise, I will lose even my miniscule chance as she takes pleasure in killing me. Delving into this new realm of inciting jealousy and rage, I am relying on Jonathan not allowing her to kill me so that he may make amends for losing the others by turning me and offering me to his master.
A deep guttural growl rips through her and she flies at me, her talon hands prepared to rip me apart. I was wrong! Panic overwhelms me, my throat constricts; I can’t breathe! What made me think I could throw her off? They’ll suffer for my stupidity. She grabs my arm, her sharp claws ripping at my skin. I scream and see Jonathan extend his now fiery, claw like hand towards her, shooting a stream of fire across the cave at her side, knocking her to the ground. “Stop! We are not through here!” She rises and her talons move toward me again, but Jason’s hand moves to block her. She looks back at Jonathan, then to me. Dropping her hand, she is once again by his side.
Feeling dizzy from my wound and unsure of how long he can control her, I decide to instead address Jonathan. He seems to be calling the shots, at least for now. “So, are we going to begin or are the two of you going to fight amongst yourselves.”
This definitely catches his attention. “We are going to begin.” He waves his hand and the flames intensify. “I want to ensure that you feel the flames which will engulf you for eternity if you do not listen to what I am about to offer you.” A smug look overtakes his features as he glares back at me. “Do you feel your skin being seared from the gift you wear so lovingly around your neck? Can you feel it Mia? It would be better for you to take it off and throw it into one of the pools, give yourself a moment of relief before the real fun begins.
He’s right, I feel like a horse being branded. I am keenly aware of my skin burning, but refuse to give Jonathan any satisfaction. If I’m wrong about my assumptions, I will be facing the flames soon enough as a fiery creature like those emerging from the lava pools. I might as well get used to masking the pain because no matter what, I cannot allow myself to become one of his servants bringing destruction to others.
“Mia, are you still with me? Can you feel it seer?” He sneers. “This is the type of suffering your beloved Andrew has undergone since he foolishly made himself vulnerable to try and help you. If you had only fallen into despair after killing your sister or killed yourself in your foolhardy attempt to rescue Marcus, he and Jackson would have had another five hundred years of peace before enjoying our hospitality. If you died hurling down the embankment, your sister would be enjoying those lovely twins.” He pauses. His look turns my blood cold. “Well, at least I know where they are. I must admit, my greatest pleasure after watching you suffer over Andrew’s torture will be knowing how you, a nothing, will have to stand by engulfed in the flames which will hold you throughout eternity, and watch helplessly as I go after them next.”
Panic besieges my overanxious heart, my concentration shatters as this horrifying image blackens out my surroundings. I struggle to call forth every vestige of strength I have left to lock my fear behind a wall. If I succeed, maybe they can protect the twins. I can’t be sidetracked. Jonathan is only doing to me what I did to Daniela. Finally, I force air into my lungs, but it’s too hot and ashy causing me to cough uncontrollably. Jonathan and Daniela snicker. Clamping my mouth shut and covering my nose with my sleeve to filter the air, I take a shallow breath. The only way to get this moving is to antagonize him back. I think. “Jonathan, we should get on with it unless you’re nervous that I might be triumphant once again and you and your accomplices will dissipate into fiery balls like your cohorts who have already failed your master and are being punished.”
My words aggravate him. “Mia, you may have cajoled Nicholas, a weak demon to steal a victory, but I am not split like he was and you are not smart enough to fool myself or Daniela, nor will we make the mistakes like those who knew nothing about you. I know you better than you think and probably better than you know yourself. In fact, if it were up to me, you would be dead now. I don’t really see the use for you, but we can’t always have what we want! However, for a time, you could.” He stops talking, allowing the meaning of his words to sink into my consciousness.
The moments tick by too slowly. “What game are you playing now Jonathan?”
“I’m not playing a game. I am in a position to offer you a unique opportunity. You could have your life back with the twins and Andrew if you are willing to commit yourself to our side now. If you agree to serve him, you may return to your former life to live out your natural lifespan. Then, when your life is over, you will do what needs to be done here. Just think about it, you are young, at least you would have time with Andrew and the ones you love before joining the damned. Andrew will be relieved from his suffering, those you love returned to their existence. Jackson will return to Eva, while your sister returns to David.” His voice deceptively sounds concerned. “You claim to care for them, this will guarantee that Eva does not face immortality alone without her one true love and during your lifetime, your family will be left alone. What do you have to lose?” He shrugs, but his eyes continue boring into mine as if he’s trying to will me to make this choice. I stay silent. He continues. “You could raise the children and they’ll probably be on their own before you leave. You could love Andrew the way you do in your images. He would finally be yours. The alternative, I would think, is unthinkable to you, Andrew here suffering because of you, your sister being torn apart and Jackson and Eva being separated forever. If you don’t choose this, even if you were to lose and join him down here, do you really think that you could endure seeing your love being ripped apart every moment of eternity so as not to commit to him? I guarantee you will not be able to stand seeing their torture throughout eternity, knowing you could have saved them by sacrificing yourself.”
The diametrically opposed images flash before me. Andrew tortured versus Andrew safe at home. The twins nestled in their beds versus their always being a target. I see Eva returning happy with Jackson instead of lost in despair, my mother and David would finally be at peace again with Katrina and those I love would be back home where they belong. The peaceful images eclipse the torturous pictures, looming large in my mind. I sense myself stepping through the looking glass before me to return to a happy home. Forcing every cell to immobilize, I fight to dispel the image. This type of image and distraction will cause me to fail especially if I’m correct, but I must continue because their exact whereabouts and for how long is still unknown to me. As I focus on my surroundings again, I see his smug expression.
“Come on Mia think about how happy you and Andrew could be raising the twins, maybe even seeing them start families of their own. We could even ensure that Andrew remembers nothing of what happened here. I’ll erase his and the others memories myself ensuring everything returns to normal.” From Jonathan’s stare I know he’s surprised I haven’t jumped at this opportunity. “Mia, you don’t have to worry about our deal, Andrew doesn’t have to know. If you don’t take it, you will never accomplish what you hope. Even if you win your freedom, you will not be able to get Andrew out of here. Do you really want to return to your desolate existence knowing we will relentlessly stalk you until you crack and end up serving him anyway and Andrew will be locked here? This entire journey you endured will all be for not. Wasn’t your purpose in coming here to free them? Take the deal and you will accomplish your task.”
I force myself to stare blankly at him, giving no response. The more he speaks, the more information I collect. I can see his frustration and then something alights in his eyes. “Mia, think about it. Even if you successfully escape and thwart our barrage of upcoming attempts to secure your place with us, what would eternity hold? So you enter paradise, it will just serve as a prison with cooler temperatures and more picturesque surroundings. You will roam there, but you would still be tied here. Think of how your guilt brought you to this point. You woke up to your life in ruins, yet you still felt guilty when learning of Andrew and the others whose own actions brought them suffering. Could you imagine what guilt will consume you as you roam what you believe is paradise, amongst family who know that Andrew, Jackson and Katrina are burning, being torn apart and tortured, forced to endure eternal pain and suffering all because they tried to help you.
The horrific images his words conjure up are so powerful and vivid my body involuntarily shudders as every blood cell in my body freezes. I never imagined I could feel so cold in a place so hot.
Catching my reaction, he smiles widely. “See what I mean. All you have to do is say the word and their torture can be over and the life you long for could be yours once again.” Trying to shake off his words, he is at my ear, whispering. “It’s easy to get your life back. Just say o.k., just two little letters and you’ll be back in Andrew’s loving arms as if none of this ever happened.” I try retreating from the heat of his breath, but he grasps me, my body is engulfed. Clamping my lips together, I bite down so hard blood pools in my mouth, but I refuse to scream. “This is what awaits you Mia and what Andrew is suffering now. He will continue to suffer unless you say those two little letters to free his enslaved soul.” Biting down harder, I lock every muscle into place, refusing to give him even an ounce of satisfaction. I don’t know if my inaction frustrates him or Daniela signals him, but instantly he is next to her listening to her whispered plea.
Daniela’s expression becomes smug as she withdraws from Jonathan. Fighting to gather every ounce of strength I have within me, which doesn’t feel like much, can I force out the words my conclusion is leading me to believe I need to say? Do I trust what I have learned enough to make this leap of faith? Raising my wrist to my mouth, I take a small breath so as not to cough. I try to conjure up a steady voice, despite the tsunami occurring in my stomach trying to digest the cataclysmic results that will occur if my heart and mind are wrong. My deadpan voice rings in my ears as the words escape my lips. “As appealing as your offer is Jonathan, I would know I gave in to everything Andrew and I fought against that night and what they fought against their whole lives. I don’t agree.”
He is infuriated. Daniela’s mouth falls open. They join hands and nine figures materialize behind them. Andrew, Jackson and Katrina are each sandwiched between two fierce looking shadowy creatures, enshrouded in a crimson glow. Despite their distance, the temperature intensifies and the air becomes so thick with the smell of sulfur I can barely breathe. The walls and pools of fire brighten. My heart and pulse race out of control. Although I’m sweating, my clothes dry instantly, as if I’ve stepped into in a large spinning dryer. Even my head feels the spinning. Staring, I can’t imagine the heat they must feel being next to the creatures. As my eyes scan Andrew, Katrina and Jackson, excruciating pain contorts their features. Their eyes are devoid of life making my heart free-fall into the deepest parts of hell. If I am wrong, this will be their eternity. I hastily move forward to the edge of the pool when sanity returns, forcing me to lock myself in place. I can’t move from the entrance. If I’m right, I must stay the course and if I’m wrong can I do what I said I came here to do?
Jonathan moves toward me. His snide voice cries out. “Can you really live with the consequences that your choice will cause them Mia? Looking at you now, I don’t think so! See their pain. Look into the eyes of the man you love, they are no longer the beautiful blue eyes which looked upon you with such affection, they are the eyes of a man who has spent only a few months in our grasp being tortured daily, facing the flames which he once fought so hard to avoid.” He shakes his head in mock concern. “Let me show you just a taste of what they have experienced since coming here.” He motions to the two creatures holding Katrina.
They rip at her skin, her limbs, tearing her apart. Her screams echo off the walls. I am not prepared for the horror before me or my involuntary reaction. Falling to my knees, I vomit. The heat rising from the fiery pool before me fills my mouth with sulfur, burning my throat and lungs as I fight to breathe. Her screams reach a blood curdling pitch, but I cannot lift my head. After an eternity, the screaming finally stops and so does the vomiting. I’m so weak, I can barely push myself up on my hands and knees. When I do, Katrina is whole again.
“Now it’s Andrew’s turn.” Jonathan’s low menacing voice orders. “Do it now.”
As they begin tearing at his skin, the only thing keeping me conscious is my violent retching. I’m surprised the sulfur is not choking me again. I feel hands on my head, Jason, is at my side, holding me, whispering in my ear. “Mia, would the deal really be so bad? You weren’t expecting to come out of it anyway and at least you would be able to save them.”
Andrew’s pleas resonate throughout the cave. “Mia, please help me.”
Jason begs. “Mia, please, I don’t want to suffer like this. You need to take the deal before they turn on us.”
Closing my eyes, I pray what I do next is right. Forcing myself from his grasp, I fall forward, hitting my head. Compelling myself up knowing what is beginning to close, I stand fully erect. The flames on my back are cooling, extinguishing as the encrusting edges begin to form the impenetrable wall. Stepping away from Jason, his eyes shift between the entranceway, me, Jonathan and the others. His features change. I speak coldly. “Go and join your friends. Your job inveigling me is done.” His features turn from a mock frightened façade to shock, but I continue speaking. “I know what you are. You made your choice a long time ago. I can’t help you.”
“Mia, I risked everything to help you. Why are you turning on me now? You said you didn’t want to see me perish, you even warned me about coming down with you.”
He’s doing it again, distracting me so my time runs out. I push him. “Jason, go and join your friends, I saw what you are and that is why you came here, to distract me and encourage me to give up. You failed, now leave.”
As he stumbles back, a fiery creature from the pools grabs hold of him, dragging him under. He’s gone before the “No” upon his lips, escapes.
My eyes dart to Jonathan and catch his surprise before he speaks, his tone reflecting his annoyance. “This is your last chance Mia, you entered this challenge to save the one that is suffering because of you, if you don’t make a move now, your entrance will close ending this game and those involved will continue to suffer at your loss.” I must be right. “The escape route is almost gone, what will you do?” He moves forward, motioning for the rest to follow. “I will even give you a fighting chance.” They are just feet away from me. “Can they muster the strength to escape our grasp, to allow you to do what you started this for, to push them through even if you are stuck with us?” He taunts “Look behind you, it is closing too quickly for that. You have to choose who to save. Let me make it easier for you.” He pushes Katrina into a fiery pool. She is engulfed and her fiery creature tries to re-emerge, but it is no use.
Daniela is on top of me now, “Which one do you choose Mia? You must get to the end the game to save the one who is suffering because of you or forfeit and everyone loses.” Her voice is soft like a singing child, but with such a torment in her tone I cringe. The Katrina incident shakes my confidence while her closeness distracts me. Forcing myself to stand straight, I must stay the course. My instincts cut through the deceptions and my heart tells me about them and where they are, I am right. I repeat this mantra.
Jonathan goads. “I am about to let them go, but your entrance is oh so small, your hesitation made it so. You can’t save both, another will perish and still you have not made a choice. You must choose now Mia or lose everything. What will it be? This is the end of our little game, who will it be Mia? Who will be the victor? What do you choose? Someone has to lose here. Can you make the right choice and save the one who is suffering because of you? Choose now or save no one and lose this game. Remember, the moment you lose, you become forever mine.” He sneers.
Closing my eyes, my body shakes violently. If I’m wrong, I’m committing them to this forever. I don’t know how my voice pierces through my immobilizing fear, but it rings loud in my ears. You are taking too long, think quick but react quicker, hesitation will cost you everything, save the one who is suffering. My eyes dart around. I see the smallest of openings. Only one can fit through. “I choose to leave and go with Emma. I choose to save my Andrew, not the one you have here. You can no longer lock me in this hell! By my choosing to leave, I win this game of yours and return to the one suffering because of me. Release me.” Instantly my body flies backward, my arms and legs scrape against the encrusting rock. Staring at the closing entrance, the look on Jonathan’s face tells me that he will never stop coming for me, this is not over. Andrew, Jackson, Jonathan and Daniela are consumed by the rising flames and the creatures coming at them from the walls and pools of lava. They dissipate, their ash spewing from the flames, but not escaping from the encrusting entranceway as it seals shut.
My body crashes to the ground with a thud. Despite my shaking and bruised body, I scramble onto my hands and knees and crawl out of the cave. I need to find Emma.
Stepping outside, I can’t understand why I’m still in Brazil. Where’s Emma? I couldn’t have been mistaken about feeling her presence. I scan the trees, she must be close. The sky is bluing, but the graying clouds are blocking the sun making me unsure if it is early morning or twilight. My heart races wildly. Why isn’t she here? I only manage two more steps before sinking to the ground. Doubt hits me like a rolling avalanche burying me under its layers. I can’t breathe. Grasping my chest, trying to force air into my lungs, my fear becomes a stranglehold, not allowing even the tiniest influx for relief. I can’t see beyond the veil of tears covering my eyes and streaming down my cheeks. My world spins. I am going to pass out. How could I be so wrong? How could I risk their eternity? I should have ignored my instincts, and just pushed them through when they were just feet from me. As a new tunnel of blackness overwhelms my peripheral vision, I’m about to lose consciousness when I catch sight of someone emerging from the distant trees. My hands rip up my throat, grasping it, fighting to get air into my lungs. As I breathe, the darkness retreats. Was I right or is something coming to drag me back to see what I have cost them? Forcing myself up; his sandy hair comes into view. My eyes sweep down to his pale complexion surrounded by a soft glow. I run as Andrew emerges from the trees. Closing the distance, another shape emerges right next to him. I freeze. I do not recognize the dark haired man. Before I can scream to warn Andrew, he turns. They stare at each other. I can’t understand why my body has locked me in place. I made the right decision. He is not a pile of spewing ash from the fire or at the bottom of the sea. He’s here! All I need to do to be with him is cross the last two hundred feet and throw myself in his arms, so why can’t I move? Why isn’t relief washing through me? Am I frozen in fear because the man standing next to him may take him away? Did I win only to see him taken before my eyes? Staring at his glorious face, he is unconcerned by this man’s presence. He seems annoyed.
Calling out to me, he continues to stare at the tall, dark haired man with an almost olive like complexion. He can’t be a vampire, but what is he that Andrew refuses to take his eyes off of him or move against him? “Mia, come to me. I’ll protect you and we can go home.”
Moving toward him, he smiles.
The other man throws up his hand toward me without removing his eyes from Andrew. “Mia, don’t it’s a trick. You don’t know me, but you were right about everything. You need to trust your instincts now more than ever. Emma wasn’t strong enough to break the shield after you threw her out. I channeled through her so you could feel her presence in the cave. You were right, you did feel it. Trust yourself. I need you to trust me too. The game did not end in the cave. This thing is not Andrew. You need to come to me. You weren’t fooled into choosing him then, you can’t choose him now. If you go to him, you and Andrew will lose everything!” My mind races, the pounding in my ears from my hyperactive heart makes it difficult to hear and think as heated blood courses through me making me dizzy.
Andrew turns slightly, yelling out. “Mia, he’s lying, come to me before he grabs you, please.”
Forcing myself from my immobility, I run. The man steps forward. He too turns slightly while continuing to stare at Andrew. “Mia, if you go to him you are choosing him. You will be lost. Mia, please trust me. Emma wanted to come but she became terribly weak, especially after giving you her protection charm. You can’t go to him, if you want to return to Andrew, you must come with me.”
Andrew yells. “Mia, I’m here. He’s lying. We’ve been separated too long. I miss you.” Facing me now, he holds out his arms. Quickening my pace, I can’t tear my eyes from his. As the sun pops out from behind the clouds, only a few more steps before I can jump into his arms. Taking two more steps, I fling myself sideways into the rising arms of the dark haired gentleman. “Get me home.” I plead.
Being thrust backwards, I see the light around Andrew turn crimson, consuming the demon within. Every image since I woke whirls around me in reverse.
Chapter Nine Emergence From The Ashes

My fluttering eyes are blinded by the florescent light. Focusing, panic lances through me, none of the faces are familiar. The dark haired stranger, I threw myself at moves closer. I hear a familiar voice, but can’t see her. “Mia, it’s alright, you’re safe now.” Sitting up quickly to see if it really is Emma, my head spins wildly and my stomach contracts.
The dark haired man puts his hand on my shoulder. “You should lie back.” He turns. “Elizabeth move so she can see Victor and Emma. Emily, go get Andrew.” 
My heart pounds wildly at the thought of Andrew being alive. Could it really be possible that I surmised correctly and this is truly the end of the worst nightmare imaginable or is it another trick?
I see Victor helping Emma out of her chair. Her face appears worn but triumphant. I sit back. The spinning in my head begins to slow. Looking around at the unfamiliar faces, I can’t help becoming anxious. If Andrew is alive, he wouldn’t leave me knowing that something was happening and that I was in danger. This must be another trick? Fear wraps itself around me like a cocoon as tears flow down my cheeks. Looking around, I know I’m not in Sanctuary, despite all of the medical equipment.
Emma sits at the edge of the bed. “Mia, it’s alright, you’re safe. Don’t be afraid. Andrew is alive. We had to send him away. His anxiety was making it too difficult to break the shield around your mind.” She takes my hand while moving the hair covering one of my eyes. “You were bewitched by a very powerful witch. We needed to have peace and tranquility surrounding you to try and penetrate the shield. Andrew and the others were too anxiety ridden. Their apprehension interfered with the energy we needed to call upon from nature to help you. When we saw the small window of opportunity about to present itself, we couldn’t allow anything to interfere with our only chance to snatch you from that realm. Nothing could interfere with our timing, it needed to be perfect. We almost didn’t get the sun to shine in time and you could have been lost to us if the demon fooled you. I’m sorry Andrew isn’t here, but it was too dangerous for you to have him stay. If you hadn’t sent your message to him, we would have never caught him off guard enough to allow his family to remove him. Even with that, it took all of them to keep him away. Before then, he stayed by your side, healing you since his return. I know from your message you felt him.”
Victor places his hand on my shoulder. “She’s telling you the truth. Do you remember your horrific fall?” I nod. “Sit up slowly and flex your muscles, they’re fine now.”
Emma moves her hand around to my back gently guiding me up. My index finger brushes the charm that Emma gave me before everything went wrong. It still hangs around my neck. My mind registers that I am finally home and they are alright. I hug Emma fiercely, “Thank You! They’re really all alright? They didn’t blow up, are you sure?”
She smiles, her tone is soft, reassuring. “You are safe, they are safe, and I’m sure Andrew is on his way. We had to take you to the cabin so we could draw upon nature’s energy and put some distance between your anxious family and us. Looking beyond the unfamiliar faces and medical equipment, I recognize the rustic walls of the cabin, the hearth which adorned the fires I loved so much and the doors which I know so well. It’s all too much to believe. Sobs of relief rip through me as she hugs me tighter.
The door bursts open. Despite my overflowing tears, I see Andrew’s unbelievably worn and worried face. Flying to my side, he wraps his arms around me. I feel his cool statuesque physique against me, yet my mind is overwhelmed by the thought that this is true, he is real and my nightmare is over. I can’t control my sobs as I grip him closer, trying to strengthen my hold on him fearing that he could be ripped from my arms. He shifts me, enfolding me in his ardent embrace. His cool lips are at my ear. “I love you, thank you for coming back to me.” His voice cracks. “I’m sorry that I wasn’t here for you when you woke up.” Listening to the voice I love so much, I know without a doubt it is him. He is next to me. I feel the coolness of his arms as they tighten around me.
Looking up into his sapphire eyes, I see love, worry, and relief washing through his features. Trying to speak, my words come out jagged and disjointed. “I…love…you. Oh…Andrew…I can’t…believe…”
He kisses my tear stained cheeks. “Mia, it’s alright. I’m here. You don’t have to talk. It’s alright, it’s over. I’m not going anywhere. I’m here and so are Nicholas and Kayla.” He loosens his grip. Peering out from his chest, I see Eva and Jackson holding Nicholas and Kayla. Seeing them brings on a new wave of sobs. I reach my shaking hands out to them as Eva and Jackson place them with us. Hugging them tightly, kissing their beautiful heads, I cannot believe they are here with me. My overwhelming sense of joy leaves me speechless as I grip the three most important people in my life. Hearing rustling about the cabin, I tighten my grip upon Andrew and the twins trying to ensure they will not disappear as I tear my eyes from them and see the beautiful faces of Gabriel, Martina, Damian, Jackson, Eva, Serena, Francis and Catherine. Staring at them, I need to touch them to know they are not just an illusion that my mind conjured up, but that they are actually here. Trying to shift myself off the bed and move over to them is awkward because of my unwillingness to let go of the ones who are already in my arms.
Drawing my legs over the side, Andrew tightens his grip on me. “Mia, it’s alright. Don’t try to get up yet, you still have the feeding tube in you. What can I get for you?”
I feel strange telling him, but after all of the illusions, I need to know they are real. My voice is barely a whisper. “Andrew, I know it’s odd, but I need to touch everyone to know that they are not just figments of my imagination projecting what I need so desperately to see.”
Each one moves toward me, hugging me. Eva hugs me last. “It’s alright, we are all here and you are safe. Give yourself a chance to absorb that you’re home.”
As she speaks, I remember what started all of this off. Grabbing her hand, “Eva, Daniela is the one who threw me down the gorge! She wants to kill all of you! She’s dangerous…”
Eva bends so she is looking straight into my eyes. “It’s alright. She can’t hurt you or anyone anymore. We have her under control.”
I interrupt. “No, you just think she’s alright. The demon wasn’t cast out of her. She’s dangerous Eva! Don’t let her fool you again.”
Andrew draws me in closer. “Mia, she isn’t fooling anyone. We have some very powerful witches entrapping the demon within her. It can’t harm anyone. Calm down, you just came out of a very draining experience and this anxiety isn’t good for you.” I hear his worry. “I promise she is no longer a danger to you. Everyone is safe.”
Although my mind comprehends his words, I can’t stop my flowing tears or my tightening grip. It’s too impossible to believe that my family is actually here and real and the desolation I thought had overtaken my life is no longer. The miracle I have been granted seems too much to be real. As the twins nestle into my side, I feel them. My heart feels whole and right for the first time since the fall.
Behind my family, the ones who were in the cabin when I first awoke are gathering by the door with Emma and Victor. Knowing they opened the gateway to my coming home to my family, I call out to them, my voice breaking. “Wait please.”
They turn. Emma moves to me. “Mia, we are just going back to the residency to give you time with your family. We’ll still be around.” With my free hand, I hug her. “Thank you.” Then I look over her shoulder. “Thank you so much for everything you did to save me. I’m so grateful to you and sorry that I caused so much trouble.”
Victor and the dark haired man come over. Victor hugs me. “Mia, you were no trouble, it is because of one of ours that you went through this. I promise you, we will find out exactly which one of ours worked with the demon and deal with them now that you are free.”
The dark haired man kneels beside the bed. “You are a very brave and insightful young woman; don’t ever doubt your instincts. From what we could see, something tells me that they will protect you and help you see the truth always.” He rises. I hug him fiercely. “Thank you for risking so much to help me. I know it couldn’t have been easy.”
“You are very welcome. I will see you after you have had time to recover and spend time with your family.” He moves to the door and they depart.
After a few minutes, the St. Clouds move to leave, hugging me first. Jackson speaks softly. “You had me worried.” I hug him tighter.
As they depart, Eva comes over. “Don’t ever scare us like that again.” She winks at me before joining the others.
When everyone is gone, I hold the twins and Andrew tighter. I can’t stop kissing the twins’ heads and hands or staring into Andrew’s sapphire eyes. As I stroke Kayla’s cheek, she looks at me and says “mama.” Kissing her, “Mama’s here and I love you.”
I don’t know how long we stay with them wrapped in our arms, while Andrew kisses my cheek and softly caresses my back. When the twins fall asleep, Andrew rises with Nicholas. As if sensing my increased anxiety, he turns. “I’m just going to get the playpen, right behind this machine so that they can sleep comfortably.”
I’m confused. He smiles and answers my unspoken question. “When I returned and refused to leave, Eva brought the twins to me so that we could stay close to you, hoping that you would feel our presence and come back to us. We kept the playpen here so that they could sleep.” Placing the playpen before me, he nestles Nicholas in his favorite blanket.
As I shift my legs over the side, Andrew turns, taking Kayla. “I don’t want you moving around yet.” He kisses my head. After nestling Kayla in her blanket, he’s by my side. “Lie back so that I can remove the tube and make sure that everything is alright.” Removing the tube quickly, he heals the entrance point. As he checks my pulse, a huge smile crosses his sculpted lips, probably from feeling my wild reaction to his touch.
Shutting off all of the equipment, he sits next to me. My shaking hand moves to his cheek. Tracing his perfectly chiseled features, I try to allow the fact that I am truly touching him sink in. Moving my hands around his neck as his lips touch mine and he pulls me into his chest, my pulse races like an out of control speedway driver. Being close to him energizes my nervous system, but still, I need to see his beautiful face. His oceanic eyes meet mine and I see his love, relief, and warmth.
Leaning back, he raises his hand to stroke my face. “I can’t believe you made it back to me.” He mutters softly. “I was so worried. I’m sorry I left you here and for what happened to you. I should have never gone, knowing that there was even the slightest possibility that Daniela could have been a danger to you. You are the most important person in my life and I failed to protect you. Can you ever forgive me?”
Looking at how worn and drawn his face appears, despite the love filling his glorious eyes, I stroke his seraphic face. “Andrew, you look so tired and I heard that they had to drag you away from me. I love you and you need to know that I wouldn’t have wanted it any other way than to have you go and do what is right. You needed to go and help those people. I love you because of who you are and how much you care for others. If you weren’t who you are, I would have never been able to come back to you, I would have failed.”
I can tell he’s confused. “Mia, if I didn’t leave, you would not have been hurt and compelled to go through so much. I almost lost you, I couldn’t bear that.”
I know exactly what he means. The desolation which engulfed me when I thought he was lost consumes me once more, despite his being here in my arms. Shuddering, I pull him closer. “I’m just so grateful that nothing happened to you. I can’t tell you what it felt like when I thought you had been ripped away from me and then suffering because of me. It was unbearable, but…even after I had been told that you were gone, there was something inside of me that could still feel you. I held on to that piece of me with everything I could.”
He tightens his grip around me. “I can’t imagine going on without you. I…” His voice becomes full of emotion as he brings my hand up to his lips kissing it.
As much as I love being close to him here, the images of Sanctuary as a desolate wasteland of loss and emptiness overshadow my heart. Kissing him gently, I can barely force the words past my lips. “I know how much we enjoy the cabin, but I need to go home to erase the vision of my suite as a lonely wasteland. I…”
Gently wiping my escaping tears, he kisses my forehead. “I understand. I’ll call Eva and Jackson to help take the twins back, the ground is pretty icy and it’s snowing.” His words sink in. I realize that I don’t even know what day it is. If it’s snowing, I must have been out for quite some time. He hangs up. The way he looks at me makes those all too familiar butterflies spread their wings. I’m relieved to feel what I know could only be a true reaction to the one I love, no image could ever provoke such a reaction, no matter how close to perfect it is. Kissing me again, I feel the same desperate need to hold on to me coming through his embrace. Stroking my back softly, he whispers. “They’ll be here in a minute then I’ll finally take you home.” He sighs.
“Andrew, what day is it?”
His voice turns tender. “You have been out for quite a while. It’s October thirty first. They timed it perfectly. Their bewitching powers are strongest today. It is the most energized day of the year for them. They didn’t count on us finding Reginald and the others to counteract their powers.
I’m stunned by this new revelation. “That was Reginald Smythe who came for me?”
“Yes”
“He’s so different than what I imagined.” I mumble.
As the door opens and Eva and Jackson enter, a new sense of relief washes over me. Eva really isn’t gone and Jackson is safe with her, just as Andrew is here with me.
Andrew moves to pick up Nicholas, while Eva picks up Kayla, placing another blanket around them. Jackson walks over to me, kissing the top of my head gently. “I hear you’re ready to go home.”
Hugging him, “I need to go home and see that everything hasn’t been wiped away. It’s so hard to believe that what I’m seeing now is real after believing that the desolate wasteland that was stretching before me would consume my remaining days.”
“I guarantee you that everything is there. We even left toys strewn across the floor when we heard you were coming around.” He laughs and takes Nicholas from Andrew’s arms.
Wrapping me in my winter jacket and an afghan, Andrew sweeps me into his arms. Hugging me tightly to his chest, I nuzzle his neck. Traveling back, I’m glad Eva and Jackson keep to Andrew’s pace as the fear that everyone may disappear lingers. The snow falls quicker and I raise my face toward it, grateful for each unique flake touching my cheeks. Their coolness makes everything feel all the more real, especially considering the heat I expected would consume me by now. Andrew picks up the pace. As the lights to Sanctuary come into view, I tighten my grip around him, knowing the emptiness which overpowered me the last time I thought I was there. He pauses a moment in the doorway. Looking around, I feel the life surrounding me. My heart recognizes that this is no longer the prison I feared, but is the home I love.
Entering the suite, he kisses me gently as Eva and Jackson put the twins in their room. “See, everything is here just like you left it, other than the toys on the floor” He chuckles.
Looking around, I see the music boxes, the pictures adorning the hutch and the warmth emanating from the room. “Andrew, you can put me down. I’m fine.” Gently placing me on my feet, he removes my jacket. Walking slowly over to the photographs, outstretching my shaking hand, I hope my fingers will not pass through revealing that this is all an illusion. As they glide over the frame, joyful tears escape over my rims. Eva and Jackson come out and I see the twins safely snuggled in their cribs, against the bright mural adorning their wall. Moving over to it, my fingers brush over the gray elephant which jumps out from the background. Andrew wraps his arms around my waist sending a surge of adrenaline throughout my entire being. The energy flowing through me is the truest indication that he is really with me now. Although it seems strange, I take his hand from my waist, intertwining our fingers so he moves with me. Opening the closet, I sigh seeing their clothes aligning the pole.
Andrew’s cool, porcelain lips are at my ear. “I told you we are here and safe. Now so are you.” He gently turns me toward him, wrapping his arms around me kissing the top of my head. I feel his hand move gently up my arm, across my shoulder and up my neck. Each gentle caress sends my heart beating wildly and my pulse racing rapidly. His cool fingers lift my chin, bringing my face gently towards his cool lips. He kisses me softly at first, but as the relief hits each of us that this nightmare is over and we are really in each other’s arms, our kiss turns more ardent as I crush my lips to his. I’m so lost I don’t even realize that we have moved to the couch and I am sitting in his lap, until he releases me. “Come in.”
Gabriel enters carrying a tray. “I thought that something warm and soothing would do you some good.”
As he places it down, I grab his hand, kissing it. “Thank you.”
Kneeling down beside me, his eyes fill with understanding. “You’re home. Everything is fine now.”
“I know. I’m just so relieved that Martina doesn’t have to go through eternity without you.” His features turn confused. “I know I’m not making any sense, it’s just…”
He interrupts me. “It’s alright. We have some understanding of what you were going through from the times Emma and the others got glimpses. Enjoy some quiet time with Andrew and eat, it will build your strength.” Rising, he kisses my head and is out the door.
Andrew shifts me so I’m facing the table, but continues stroking my hand, sending warm tingles down my spine. “You should eat. I’m sure the others will want to talk to you in the morning.”
He stares at me as I sip the tea. The warm liquid soothes my parched throat. Looking around, calmness blankets me as Andrew’s touch warms my heart. I notice his weary features, they remind me of Emma’s appearance when I first awoke. Remembering how concerned Victor was when she gave me her charm, I wonder if it can help her regain her drained strength. My mind also drifts to how Andrew talked about only needing to rejuvenate. Although I don’t know exactly what that entails, from his appearance, he needs to do it soon. Stroking his perfect cheek, “You need to rejuvenate. You look very weary. I’m sure healing me drained a lot of your strength. Now that I’m fine, you need to take care of yourself.”
Kissing my free hand, “I can do that later. I just got you back, everything else can wait.”
The thought of him out of my sight instills panic. My heart rate spikes. Unknowingly, I grab his hand with such a death grip, my knuckles turn stark white. He gently places his free hand upon mine. “Mia, I’m not going to leave you. I’m fine.”
Leaning into his chest, could you do something for me?”
“Anything”
“I need to see Emma.”
Pulling out his phone, he calls her. A moment later, there’s a knock on the door. Victor is still supporting her. Her face looks wearier than before as she struggles to smile, confirming to me how important her charm really is.
“How are you feeling?” She asks, sitting down on the love seat.
“I’m fine, but you need this.” I rise and place the charm around her neck.
Victor is astonished. “How did you know?”
“I didn’t really until just now, but I remembered how worried you looked when she took it off. I’m sorry I had it so long. Will you be alright?”
“I’ll be fine. I just need a few hours rest.” She places her hand upon mine.
“You should have taken it back and not risked yourself like that.”
“Mia, I wasn’t at risk. I look worse than I feel. Even with it, I would need to recuperate, it’s nothing.” She laughs.
“Emma, did you try to grab me when I was in Brazil?”
“How did you put that together?” She sounds stunned.
“When I was there…was I really there?” I know I’m getting off track, but wonder if I traveled there or how it all happened.
“No, in a sense, it was another dimension, everything here essentially being limited to the confines of your mind, but I can explain that later. I was with you briefly. I must say, you have quite a good thrust.” She smiles.
I try to stifle my gasp. “I’m sorry. I thought you were someone else.” I feel Andrew’s rising anxiety at not knowing everything that went on, but I focus on Emma, knowing my thoughts are jumbled enough. “Did I really hear you asking if I ran from you?”
“Yes. I wanted to tell you that Reginald might be coming for you if I wasn’t strong enough to grab you from that realm, but I got cut off.”
Turning to Andrew, “I thought I heard your voice sometimes too.”
He smiles briefly. “I kept talking to you. I wanted you to know we were still here.”
Picking up his hand, “I did hear you and it helped me hold on. When they said you were gone, I thought I was going crazy because the piece of my heart that slipped into place when I came here and found you never quite felt as if it was gone forever. Somewhere deep inside, I knew you weren’t lost to me. That’s what compelled me to go on.”
Pulling me closer, he hugs me fiercely, “I love you. I’m so relieved that you could hear me and refused to believe that we were ripped away from each other. I can’t imagine life without you. When Emma told me what she suspected you believed, I can’t even begin to tell you how concerned I became about what could happen and how angry I was that I allowed my world to bring so much more pain upon you.” Stroking my cheek, his voice turns contrite. “Mia, I can never make up for all the pain my world has caused you, no matter how long I exist. I’m so sorry I left you and then wasn’t strong enough to bring you out of your nightmare and the realm which entrapped you.”
Grabbing his hands, my voice turns authoritative. “You didn’t do anything. I won’t allow you to blame yourself. Even if you had been taken away from me…” My body shudders involuntarily as I fight back my tears. I need to say this, despite my breaking voice. “Andrew, even if you had been taken from me, it wouldn’t have been your fault and you need to promise me that you won’t try to fight your way back to me leaving yourself vulnerable.” I pause. His confused features reveal he has no idea what I’m talking about.
 “Andrew, when I thought you were gone, I fought to hold on to hope that at least our eternity could be spent together, after my life here was over and as long as I didn’t do anything drastic. When I learned you made yourself vulnerable trying to get back to me when you weren’t ready to return to this plane and were dragged to the underworld, that’s when my hell truly began. The thought of you being tortured…” As the images flash before me, I hear my hysteria.
Pulling me into his chest, he strokes my back. Anguish rips through his tone, despite the comforting words. “Mia, I’m here. Stop, we can talk about this later. I promise. Please it’s alright. We are home together.”
Grasping his arm, trying to halt the sobs ripping through my chest, I force myself to stop, knowing he is already overwrought with guilt. Emma and Victor get up. She looks slightly better. “We’ll talk when you feel better. I wouldn’t push you, but the more we know of what others can do, the more we learn how to combat them.” I nod, but continue grasping Andrew.
As they shut the door, he lifts me into his arms and heads into the bedroom. “Maybe you should try to get some rest, you look exhausted.”
“No!” I shout and wriggle out of his arms, practically falling to the floor. “I don’t want to sleep.” My body shakes as I think about losing consciousness. I consider running into the kitchen and downing a bag of coffee beans for an immediate caffeine jolt.
Rubbing my arms trying to calm me, he speaks reassuringly. “Mia, it’s alright to sleep, nothing will disappear. They didn’t get hold of you because you were asleep. I promise nothing will happen if you close your eyes.”
Looking up at him, I know he believes that, but fear grips my heart. “I can’t, please understand. I need to feel your arms around me and see the twins when they wake, which should be shortly.”
Entering the kitchen, I make coffee. Andrew is beside me. “If you insist on staying up, at least let me make you something to eat, you didn’t even touch your soup.”
“I’m not hungry, maybe later.” Looking into his concerned features, I take his hands. “Andrew, I’m sorry for worrying you, but…”
“You have nothing to apologize for.” He interrupts me. “I should be apologizing to you for dragging you into such a world.”
My fingers touch his lips. “At least let me explain. When I woke up, that world seemed so real, the loss and bleakness so tangible and knowing how it could have happened, I can’t seem to get past my fear. I know from my hyperactive heart that you’re here and real, but it seems like too much of a miracle to have been granted. I can’t escape the part of me that fears waking up in the endless abyss of desolation without you, without the twins and without your family.”
He kisses my fingertips. “I wish I could assure you this is real and you won’t wake up in that barren and empty place again.” His arms snake around me, pulling me into his chest. “I really am here with you. I love you.” His lips are upon mine kissing me passionately.
When he finally withdraws giving me a chance to catch my breath, I stretch, whispering in his ear. “Having you close to me is reassuring. I just need some time.”
I hear the twins rustling. Intertwining our hands, I head toward their room. Reaching the archway, Nicholas is grabbing the rails and picking himself up. Falling on his buttocks, he laughs and holds up his hands to me. I can’t believe how full of life the room looks to me again. Picking him up, I kiss his perfect cheeks. Andrew takes Kayla. In the kitchen, we place them in their chairs. Andrew gets their cereal. I kiss them and play with their hands. Kayla wraps her hand around my finger “Mama.”
“Yes, sweetie, mommy is home. I love you.”
Andrew places cereal before them which they begin eating. Watching, I realize they’ve grown. I missed a growth mark being away so long. Andrew interrupts my thoughts when he kisses me on the cheek and whispers. “I promise I will do everything in my power to ensure that you never miss another moment of time for loving me.”
Shifting to face him, “This was not your fault!” Gazing into his eyes, he looks extremely wearisome. I worry what his failing to rejuvenate could do to him. What if it makes him vulnerable, what if…, I can’t let myself go there. Knowing because of the way I clung to him last night, he won’t leave me for fear of causing me more anxiety I decide I need some help. “Andrew, while the twins eat, I need you to get Jackson and Gabriel for me.”
He rises and returns with them a moment later. From the skeptical look on Gabriel’s face, he knows what I want. By the way the twins reach for Jackson, he must have been taking care of them while I was incapacitated. “How are you feeling this morning?”
If I hint that I am shaky and waiting to look around and see the nothingness of my nightmares, Andrew will never leave my side and I really will risk losing him. I focus on the twins, drawing strength from the fact that they weren’t taken from me. “I’m doing better.” From Gabriel’s glance, he’s aware of exactly how I’m feeling. Putting a determined look upon my face, I speak deliberately. “Andrew looks like he’s going to collapse. I need you to take him and make sure he eats and rejuvenates.”
Andrew starts to object. “I’m fine and can do that later. I did eat…”
“Stop, from the way you look, you haven’t done either in a long time. You need to do this. I need you strong. You will go with them. The only question is whether you are going willingly or they have to drag you. Look Andrew” I grab his hand. “I love you. I am not going to risk you. When you’re weak, you are at risk. Please, go for me.” I can see his skepticism and pull out my most powerful weapon. “Please, you don’t want to put me through the added stress of worrying about you, do you?”
He smiles slyly at me. “I’ll go without a scene if you promise me that you’ll eat and try to sleep while I’m gone.”
“I got plenty of sleep over the past several weeks and I’m not tired.”
“Well I’m not hungry.” He plants himself firmly in front of me.
“Andrew, please you have to go.” My voice is pleading. “I promise to eat and relax with the twins, but I just can’t sleep, not now, maybe when you come back.” Anxiety rips through me at the thought of closing my eyes. “If you don’t take care of yourself now, I know the thought of you weak will bring on a panic attack. Please, go now.”
Jackson puts a hand on his shoulder. “You already have her worried, so you go with Gabriel and I’ll stay with Mia and the twins. I’ll even tell her some jokes to lighten her anxious mood.” He pushes Andrew towards the door.
Gabriel comes over to me. “I know what you’re worried about. I won’t leave his side. He’ll be fine and so will you.”
Hugging him “Thank you”
“Don’t worry. He’s safe.” He squeezes my hand before heading out.
As the door closes, panic consumes me, my raging heart pounds fiercely in my ears. Struggling to focus on the twins, I rise to get their fruit, but my head spins and my legs buckled under me.
Jackson catches me before I hit the floor and places me back in the chair, grabbing the fruit from the counter. Coming next to me, he places his cold hands on my forehead and at the back of my neck. “Breathe. Andrew is fine. He’ll be better when he comes back, trust me, nothing will happen to him. Gabriel is even staying with him.”
Despite his comforting words, my stomach lurches. Jackson gets me to the sink and is still holding my head when Eva walks in. “What happened?”
“She sent Andrew to rejuvenate and became panicky now that he’s away.”
Lifting me up, she carries me to the other room, placing me on the couch. “Mia, I know it was a horrific experience, but I promise, you are home and you, Andrew and the twins will all be fine. Everyone is safe, but if you don’t calm down, you’re going to pass out.”
A new wave of panic overwhelms me as I think about losing consciousness. What if I open my eyes and something else took them away? I hyperventilate, my head feels as if it is detaching from my body, floating. I can see the oncoming blackness and cup my hands over my mouth to stop my reaction.
Eva’s hand is on the back of my neck. She mutters softly. “Concentrate on my voice. You are perfectly safe here.” She keeps repeating.
Jackson enters with the twins. Focusing on their beautiful hazel eyes and perfect features, my breathing slows and my head descends back to my body. Looking at Eva, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to panic. I wanted him to go, I…”
She stops me. “Your reaction is perfectly normal considering what you have been through. I should have never let you get involved with Daniela. I’m sorry.” As she speaks, her body tenses and I see a slight shudder as if she was trying to fight against some dark thought, but then she regains her composure.
“It wasn’t your fault. I was supposed to stay here, but when I read the email from Dr. Meyers I became afraid that she was coming after you, or even got to you. I couldn’t reach any of you. Eva she’s dangerous. She took out her family to be brought here so she could take out yours. She was even with Jonathan wherever I was.” Anxiety takes hold of my heart once more. I need my head to stay clear. Sliding down to the floor, I play with Nicholas and Kayla. As their love surrounds me, I become calm and begin speaking again.
“The demon that has overtaken Daniela was the same one who attached himself to the witch in Salem that Nicholas had fallen in love with and is probably why I felt as though she was familiar. When Nicholas’ soul touched mine that night in the woods, there must have been some residual imprint. That’s probably why Andrew also thought he felt connected to her, he was. I think that she was counting on the Nicholas side to win out so they could be reunited, but when Nicholas sacrificed himself, her chance of escaping the torture and joining him was lost. As my mind clears, my thoughts shifted. “Eva, could they still resurrect the Nicholas side of Andrew?”
Her face turns thoughtful. “I don’t think so. When Nicholas sacrificed himself, he committed to doing the right thing allowing Andrew’s split soul to become whole and the Andrew you love to emerge triumphant.” She glances at her watch. “I have to go, I have a conference call and then rounds, but I’ll check on you later.”
Although I still feel nervous, I know that the previous weeks have been very chaotic and I don’t want to leave Eva shorthanded, so I turn to Jackson. “You should go too. I’ll be fine, I have the best distractions.”
He looks skeptical. “You can’t fool me. Your sprinting heart hasn’t slowed since I arrived, not to mention I’ve caught your shaky hand reaching for things and your shocked face when it doesn’t go through.” Sitting next to me, “Talk to me, I know you’re afraid to speak to Andrew because he looks terrible, but I won’t break, nor will I betray your confidence.”
“I know I can talk to you. I just don’t know how to explain it really. I’m so relieved to see you in front of me, to know that Eva is here and not somewhere facing an eternity without you.”
His confused features tell me he doesn’t know the extent of what I faced. “Mia, I think you should start at the beginning. Where was Eva and why wasn’t I with her?”
Taking a deep breath to steady my nerves, my voice still sounds shaky. “When I woke up…I mean when I thought I woke up, Lucas was with me. He said that your plane blew up.” I shudder as Lucas’ voice revealing the crash echoes in my ears.
Jackson takes my hands. “It’s alright, take your time.”
“It’s just the thought of losing all of you is too much, but it didn’t end there. Not only had you died, but Eva left, I couldn’t even get in touch with her, then Martina decided to leave and there were all new people here. This place was so cold, sterile, desolate, and dead.” As the images overtake my vision, my tears overflow.
Jackson hugs me. “It’s alright, we are all here and this place is actually livelier than it’s ever been. We have so many guests right now we almost had no place to put them.” He laughs. I cannot escape the dark thoughts blanketing me like the newly fallen snow on a frozen lake.
“That wasn’t the worse part.”
“There’s more?” He inquires stunned.
“Every time I tried to grab on to hope, they piled more upon me.” I could feel myself squeezing the twins’ hands. “Nicholas and Kayla had been taken by Stephan because the court declared me deranged.”
He loosens my grip on their hands. “You’re better adjusted than most of the people I’ve come in contact with over the last century.” I laugh considering where we supposedly are and he laughs with me. “Mia, you know that no one here is delusional.”
“Lucas told me that I regained consciousness when Stephan was here and that I kept screaming at him that it wasn’t safe here for the twins because the demons and vampires were going to attack them and then I attacked him. After that, he had me committed here, took the twins and my medical license was suspended.”
To my surprise, Jackson gasps. “I didn’t realize.”
“Sometimes I became afraid that I would just give in. Truthfully, the only thing that kept me from doing that was that then you would all be truly lost to me throughout eternity.”
Nicholas cries. I pick him as Jackson gets Kayla. It’s dark outside. We enter the kitchen and I get their dinner. “Jackson, I’m sorry I kept you all day. You should be helping Eva, bad enough I am leaving her short-handed again.”
“Everyone is doing fairly well, except for…” He stops short.
Placing the cereal down, I turn. “Who is having trouble?” His eyes shift. “I’ll find out anyway.”
“It’s William”
“What happened to him? He was doing so well.”
“He is the one who saw Daniela grab you and screamed for Eva. That’s how we knew what was happening. That’s what gave Emma an opportunity to jump in.”
I hear myself gasp. “Jackson could you stay with the twins, I need to see William?”
“Why don’t we put them to bed first and then I’ll take you over. There’s a lot of activity and I did promise Andrew I wouldn’t leave you.”
Catherine enters as I exit the twins’ room. It’s a relief not to see strange looks pass between her and Jackson. She comes over to me. “Is anything wrong?”
“It’s just so good to see the real you. I won’t be long.” I turn for the door.
“Take all the time you need. I’m just sorry the twins are asleep.” She smiles.
Stepping closer to the door, my heart rate quickens, the pounding in my ears almost drowns out everything else. I freeze. Turning back to the twins’ room, they are safely in their cribs. “It’s alright, they’re safe. You can go” I mutter compelling my feet forward.
Noticing my trepidation, Jackson comes next to me. “They won’t disappear. It’s alright if you need to stay, it’s natural for you to be frightened.”
Taking a deep breath, I try to make my voice sound confident. “I can’t live my life in fear. It would be wrong not to see William, especially since he’s the reason I’m here.”
Jackson holds out my coat. Uncharacteristically, I grab his hand. “Do you mind?”
“Not at all” As we walk across the snowy courtyard, I struggle, the rational side of me desiring to move forward is fighting the frightened, panicky side which fears my nightmare isn’t over and this short reprieve is only another tactic. Entering the lobby, I feel the life flowing within it, it is not the cold empty feeling that I felt before.
Nicole comes over and hugs me. “How are you feeling?”
“I feel much better, thank you. Do you know where William is?”
“Eva left him in his room about half an hour ago.”
I turn to Jackson. “Why don’t you find Eva? I’ll see you later.”
He assesses whether or not I’m alright to do this.
“It’s fine. I’ll only be in William’s room.”
“I’m still worried about you, we didn’t finish our talk and you need to talk with someone, someone who you are not worried about protecting.”
“Our talk can wait. William has to take priority now.”
“Let’s make sure he’s in his room before I find Eva, then I’ll come back for you in a little while.”
“That’s not necessary. I can find my way back.” I laugh.
“Humor me, we can walk back together.”
We’re at William’s door. Jackson hands me a telephone. Call me when you’re ready to go. I’ll pick up Eva’s spare.”
“This isn’t necessary. I can walk around the building to find you.”
“I know you can, but Emma’s friends are around. I don’t want you uncomfortable if you run into them.”
“Thank you.” I hug him and enter William’s room. He’s sitting in front of a new architect’s table with his head down sketching something. Looking up, a huge smile crosses his face. Coming around, he unexpectedly hugs me.
“Dr. Angelis, you’re awake.” Becoming aware of his embrace, he steps back, putting his hands behind him. “I’m sorry.”
I reach for his hand, smiling. “Are you kidding, I’m happy to see you too, I came as soon as I could. Thank you for alerting the others, you saved my life. I am so grateful for what you did.”
I can’t understand why a look of sadness crosses his face. His eyes shift to the floor. Moving my hand under his chin so he’ll meet my eyes, I inquire softly. “What’s upsetting you?”
He finally mutters softly. “It’s my fault that you got hurt.”
“No. William, you saved me.”
“But…” He moves back, shifting his eyes down.
Not wanting to upset him further, I decide to go back to our casual style of speaking. “Why don’t we go downstairs and sit before the fire and talk. I could use a cup of coffee, how about you?”
“I wouldn’t mind one, but I’m afraid that you won’t want to ever talk to me again if we talk tonight.”
“William, there isn’t anything that you could ever say that would cause me to stop talking to you.” I place my hand on his shoulder. “Come on, let’s go downstairs.”
Settling before the fire, I’m happy no one else is around. He’s skittish enough. “I grab two cups of coffee and sit down. “Tell me what’s upsetting you.”
“Doc, I was the one who talked to Daniela about Nicholas.”
I’m confused. “I don’t understand, why do you think talking about him would cause her to hurt me?”
He clears his throat. “The day before we went riding, Daniela saw my sketchbook and asked about the drawings. When we came to that picture of Nicholas, the one you mistook for Andrew, she asked about him.” He pauses.
“What did you tell her?”
“She asked me how well I knew the physician in the picture. I told her he wasn’t a doctor. She asked what he did and if I spoke with him. I told her I wasn’t really sure because we didn’t talk and he seemed frightening at times. She laughed and asked me why I sketched him. I told her that Nicholas became friendlier after you came. She seemed to get aggravated when I talked about the two of you. She even asked me if I thought he had fallen for you and asked if you’re the reason he left. I explained that you and Andrew are close, but that only seemed to make her angrier. She stormed out of the room mumbling that Nicholas had ruined everything over you and his goody, goody family. After that, I didn’t see her until we were riding, but I did catch you and she talking that day. You looked like someone punched you in the stomach. Did she fight with you about Nicholas? Who was Nicholas to her anyway? From the way she got angry she reminded me of someone who’s jealous. Is that why she hurt you? I would have never said anything to her if I knew she would have hurt you. I never wanted anyone to hurt you. I’m so sorry I ever showed her that picture or spoke of Nicholas.”
Hearing the stress in his voice and seeing the concern, I worry about him regressing, especially if he feels he is losing his anchors here. Placing my coffee cup down, I take his hands. Knowing how well he reads faces, I look directly at him. I want to assure him that I mean every word from the deepest core of my heart. “William, you did absolutely nothing wrong. Daniela didn’t hurt me because of anything you said.” Even though William suspects what exists, I don’t want him thinking they could touch him here. “You know that I can’t discuss other patients, but I can tell you that there was something wrong with Daniela’s condition. That’s why I was coming toward you that day, to warn Eva that Daniela may be facing issues which would make her dangerous to herself or someone else. There was nothing that you said or did to make her react that way toward me. This was coming, and I just happened to be there. I’m just glad that you saw her grab me and got help. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t be sitting here now, so you need to promise me that you will stop thinking that you did anything to cause what happened. You need to focus on how wonderful you are and how your quick thinking saved me and helped reveal Daniela needed help. If you hadn’t seen what happened, I wouldn’t be here and someone else could have been hurt. You need to feel good about that and let go of the unnecessary and unwarranted guilt which is causing you anxiety. Can you do that for me?” I ask hugging him.
A genuine smile crosses his face. “I’m so glad we talked tonight and I could see for myself you are alright. Dr. St. Cloud told me you woke up, but it isn’t the same as seeing you.”
“I’ve missed our talks and seeing your beautiful artwork which I’m expecting to see as soon as I get back into my routine.”
“I look forward to that too. Do you think you could bring the twins around again? I’ve missed seeing them and have a great background to put them in. I just couldn’t’ bring myself to paint them from memory.”
“I’ll bring them around the first chance I get.” His smile becomes wider. “We should get you upstairs, it’s pretty late.” I stand, waiting for him to follow.
As he rises, “Thank you again. I can’t tell you how relieved I am seeing you, you have no idea what I thought was going to happen.”
“William, were you afraid of something more happening than my not speaking to you?”
He shifts his weight. “I thought they may transfer me back to one of those awful hospitals because I caused you to get hurt.”
Freezing in place, I see the images of my own fear when I thought that the remaining family would leave and I would be left alone. I sit and so does he. “You know that the St. Clouds would never blame you. They would never send you away.”
“A part of me knows what you’re saying, but when I was alone, I couldn’t stop the fearful side of me, becoming afraid of what could happen.”
Knowing exactly what images that fear could evoke, I need to reassure him. “You don’t ever have to worry about anything like that. You do however need to get a good night’s rest. I’m sure tomorrow Gabriel will make something wonderful for breakfast. I promise that I will stop by and see how you are doing.”
“Thank you. I’m really glad you’re doing better.”
“I am too. Now let’s get you upstairs.”
Leaving him at the door, I decide to see if Eva and Jackson are in the office. No one is there, but my laptop is on the desk. It’s strange sitting behind my desk. Waiting for the computer to start, I open the drawers. It’s comforting to see my stuff. Clicking on my emails, my shaking hand clicks on the one I sent Stephan the day of the accident. Reading it, I can’t stop the tears. I only inquired about Marie. Laying my head in my hands, I allow relief to flow through me. I didn’t hear anyone come in, but all of a sudden a soft voice whispers. “Mia, are you alright?”
Lifting my head, I jump out of my seat. My mind refuses to believe who I see in front of me. “No, I was wrong. Jason…” Taking a step back, I struggle to look through a closing tunnel before everything goes dark.
Waking, the most glorious sapphire eyes meet mine. Despite his concern, his features are no longer weary. Throwing my arms around him, pulling him closer, I try to reassure myself. “Jason was only a dream. Everything is alright, he’s here.”
Cradling me to his chest, brushing away the tears, he speaks softly. “I’m here, everything is fine.”
“I must have fallen asleep. I thought I saw Jason and was back there.” My eyes shift. I’m in my room. “How did I get here?”
Stroking my cheek, “Mia, you did see Jason, he returned with us.” My body shudders violently. “It’s alright. He isn’t the Jason you saw there, I assure you.”
“Are you sure, are you sure he didn’t…” I cup my hands over my mouth. I need to stop this Taking in a deep breath to calm my nerves, “I’m sorry. I just…”
He interrupts. “It’s alright. You have been through so much. I should have told you. I didn’t think you would leave the suite. I’m sorry.”
Resting my head against his shoulder, I stroke his hand, concentrating on the motion to calm my anxiety. After a few moments, “You look better. Did they get you too soon because of me?”
“No, I was coming to get you, but you passed out. I thought it would be better if you woke up here.”
Kissing his cheek, “You must think I’m so weak, fainting every time something goes wrong.” I chuckle, but in truth I wish I was stronger.
Kissing me tenderly, he sends my pulse racing. In the other reality, my heart never reacted in such a manner. I barely hear him. “You are the strongest person I know, your mind is just trying to protect itself. You need to stop being so hard on yourself.”
I feel comforted in his arms, knowing that my heart feels whole as his perfect lips brush mine. The heat his kiss sends coursing through my veins burns away all my anxiety. Throwing myself into his tender embrace, I don’t even hear the knock. He shifts me, calling out. “Come in”
Eva and Jackson come in followed by Jason. Grabbing Andrew’s hand, I intertwine our fingers tightly. Andrew comforts me by stroking my hand.
“How are you feeling?” Eva sits beside me.
“Much better” turning to Jason, “I’m sorry about my reaction, when I saw you I got confused as to where I was.” The image of the Jason I left behind being consumed flashes across my vision. I feel as if someone is choking me. I can’t speak.
“Are you kidding, I’m sorry, I should have realized from what Emma told me that I would scare you, especially since you were alone. When I heard you crying, I wanted to help. I hope you don’t mind that I’m here. I want to assure you that whatever you saw there was not me. I would never hurt anyone, especially Andrew and Eva, they saved me when I first transformed.”
Nicholas begins crying. As I rise, Jackson puts his hand up. “I’ll bring him to you.” He stares down at my hand. My knuckles are stark white from grabbing Andrew’s hand.
Releasing my death grip, I take Nicolas. Andrew moves his hand to my back. Eva brings in a bottle. Holding him, I feel a sense of calm. Staring into his hazel eyes, I wonder if Marie had the baby and what they told Stephen as to why I didn’t call since my email.
Before I can ask, Jason rises. “We should let you take care of him and get some sleep. I know Reginald is anxious to speak with you about what happened. That’s always better to do with a clear head.”
“Jason, I’m really sorry for my reaction. Thank you for watching me when I was in Boston.”
He smiles widely. “You’re welcome.” They leave. I catch Andrew staring at us as a glorious smile lightens his features.
“What are you thinking about?”
“Just how lovely you look holding Nicholas and how lucky I am.” He wraps his arms around us.”
“Speaking of lucky, I know Marie must have had the baby. Did Stephan call to say how they are doing?”
“He called about two weeks after I came home. Marie had a girl, Stephanie Marie.”
Knowing they would not have told him about my accident, “Who spoke to him? Are they angry that I didn’t call them?”
Andrew’s face turns serious. I wonder if Stephan and my relationship returned to being complicated because I ignored Stephanie’s birth. “What’s wrong?”
“Don’t be upset, but we promised no secrets. When he called, we couldn’t tell him about what happened. I didn’t want him here with all our unorthodox guests, so Eva had Emma imitate your voice on the telephone and fed her enough information so that Stephan thought he was speaking to you. Eva sent some gifts for Stephanie from you too.”
My shocked features turn his features grave. “You’re upset. I’m sorry, we deceived him, but you were so bad off and we didn’t want to be fighting with him over the twins…”
“I’m not mad. I’m relieved and amazed that you thought of something like that with everything else going on. Thank you for protecting the twins for me.” Looking down at Nicholas, as relieved as I am to hold him, in my nightmare, I realized Nicholas and Kayla would be safer with him and wonder if maybe that realization is the only thing that I should take back to this reality.
Andrew interrupts my introspection. “What has you so deep in thought?”
“What?”
“Your look became so far away, I’m wondering what you’re thinking.”
“When I was there and Stephan had taken custody of the twins…”
He interrupts me. “We would have never let that happen.”
“No, it’s not that. It’s just that I realized there that the twins would be growing up in a loving and safe home, that they were better with Stephan. Maybe I’m being selfish trying to keep them here considering what could happen to them. If I had taken them with me to warn Eva, they would be dead now.” I shudder and feel the oncoming tears. “Maybe I should call Stephan and talk to him about taking custody of them. I couldn’t bear it if something happened to them.”
Andrew kneels before us. “I think you shouldn’t make any type of life altering decision now. You know that we will do everything in our power to protect them from harm. I know this is not your typical life and would understand if you changed your mind about staying here and would rather leave with them, but to give them up.” Watching him speak, he’s fighting to hide the pain of what my decision would also foist upon him. “Mia, it is obvious how much you love them. I understand your concern, but you do give them a loving home and children get hurt in the normal world too. They could chase a ball out into the street or get hurt walking home from school. I’m not saying that this is typical, but you should also consider how many people here love them and will do everything in their power to protect them. You have been through so much. Making a decision like this now, wouldn’t be in your best interest or theirs. You have bonded. They love and need you as much as you need them. Give yourself some time.”
Knowing how much I love them, I hope my delay doesn’t cause them to suffer at the hands of the surreal world which I knowingly joined.
“Mia, please tell me what you are thinking.”
Although he tries to mask it, I feel his anxiety. “I’m just thinking about how much I love them and love you. Before this happened, I felt like we were becoming a family. I know how much you and your family love them and would fight to protect them, I’m just afraid that my own selfish desire to keep them with me is putting them in unnecessary danger.”
Stroking my hand, “You are not being selfish by wanting to honor David’s wishes or raising Nicholas and Kayla, you love them. It’s only natural after what you have been through to become afraid for them, but everyone here will do all that they can to make sure that they grow up safe and happy.”
Nicholas has fallen asleep, so I place him in his crib. The double doors open behind me. Turning, Andrew is waiting for me to join him. Walking toward him, taking his hand, I try to lead him out, but he holds steadfast. “Andrew, I’m not tired.” The thought of voluntarily closing my eyes and waking to only who knows what is too much. Seeing his skepticism, I try a different tact. “I haven’t eaten. I’m going to make myself something light.” Although the anxiety ridden butterflies wreaking havoc on my insides ensure that it will be impossible to eat, I’m hoping my excuse will at least get him to move from this room.
Despite his skeptical look, he speaks softly. “I understand your apprehension, but you can’t stay up forever.”
“Why not, you do?”
“Be reasonable, you insisted I take care of myself, now I have to insist that you do the same. You need to sleep otherwise you’re going to become weak.”
“I will also get weak if I don’t eat. You can change while I eat.” Hoping he’ll leave so that I can take a cold shower to awaken my deadening senses and pretend to eat, his response dashes my hopes.
“I have a better idea.” He replies craftily. “I’ll make you a turkey sandwich and get you some milk before you rest.”
Knowing he picked turkey hoping the tryptophan would make me sleepier, I nibble at the bread. Rising, I move to the coffee maker. He’s upon it before I pull open the lid. Turning me gently toward him, he places his hand under my chin, forcing me to look at him. “Mia, I know you’re frightened, but the witch who had control over Daniela didn’t grab you because you went to sleep, she got hold of you because for the briefest of moments you were suspended between life and death. Emma tried explaining it to me, but I was afraid that if she did it while you were in that state and you heard some of it, their getting you out would be even more difficult. I wanted to hold off on you talking to her about this until you had a chance to feel more comfortable that we are real and won’t disappear, but I see it’s not possible now. Why don’t you at least take a warm shower, not a cold one,” he laughs. “Yes, I know what you were thinking. While you do that, I will ask Emma to come down here.”
Wrapping my arms around his waist, “Thank you”
He kisses the top of my head. “I’ll be right back.”
Checking the twins, when I came out, Emma is sitting on the loveseat with Victor. I join Andrew on the couch.


Chapter Ten New Revelations

Emma shifts toward me. “Andrew tells me that you are afraid to sleep for fear of what you might find when you wake up.” She takes my hands. “Mia, not even a very strong witch could bewitch you or drag you into that alternate reality when you sleep. Even in your unconscious state, when I tried to grab you, I could tell that you are very strong. You would not have been able to escape my grasp if you weren’t.”
Shaking my head, “Emma, I thrust my head back, catching you off guard and ran. I don’t see how that would help me ward off someone who is trying to bewitch me.”
She laughs. “Mia, when I said you had a good thrust I didn’t mean you thrusting your head. You actually repelled against my powers and I am considered a very strong witch amongst my coven, yet you tossed me right out. Even Reginald assures me that my assessment regarding your abilities is accurate. He told me that even when they tried to fool you with a vision of Andrew, you stopped to assess the situation instead of running into it unseeing. If you were not strong, you wouldn’t have hesitated when they had Andrew appear in the field, you would have chosen him immediately, Reginald would never have been able to tear you away, and you would have been his.”
She pauses assessing what I’m sure is my bemused appearance. “Mia, Reginald assures me that I am correct in my understanding that certain things had to be in place for this to even be a possibility in your case. I am going to tell you something that may upset you and may cause you not to trust me because I wasn’t completely honest with you when we first spoke, but Andrew was gone and with your adverse reaction to where I was trying to lead you, I decided it would be best to forego everything until he returned.”
Her searching for words to make what she has to say easier is only making me more anxious. “Emma, please, Andrew is here, just tell me what’s going on.”
She speaks very deliberately, “Mia, generally a witch cannot enchant another witch.”
I force myself to show no reaction to her revelation. I want her to continue.
“In order for you to be susceptible, you had to be suspended between life and death. Even with that, the witch needed to have a very strong connection to you and have the help of a demon to drag you to an alternate reality.”
Although I hear her, the words aren’t making sense. “There seems to be more. “What aren’t you telling me?”
She struggles with whatever she’s holding back. Victor places his hands upon hers before facing me.
“Mia, we figured out how the witch could connect with you. The witch who grabbed you belongs to your family line. She could grab you because she is our daughter.”
I gasp and grip Andrew’s hand. Staring at them, extreme sadness fills their eyes. Tears form in Emma’s.
“You see, although witches generally cannot enchant others of our kind, when they have a strong connection to each other, they can affect one another. Do you remember the story we told you regarding how we met Andrew?”
“Yes”
“We didn’t tell you that our daughter is the one who took up with Nicholas and made Emma so sick. When Emma discovered she was turning towards the dark arts, we tried to drag her back towards the light, but she didn’t want to give up her new found powers.”
Victor’s anguished features reveal how difficult this is for him to say and Emma to hear. Their torment reminds me of my father’s when he first came down after losing my mother. Knowing how Andrew said that Emma and Victor always strived to be on the side of right I shudder thinking about how they had to watch their daughter being lost to the darkness forever.
“Mia, I know that we weren’t honest with you, but I promise you we would never do anything to hurt you.” Emma sounds repentant.
Looking directly at her, “I believe you. I just can’t imagine the pain you two must have endured watching everything unfold. I’m sorry that you are reliving it because of me.”
“We aren’t. We are telling you this because we don’t want you to suffer further because of her actions. You are very strong, but if you don’t sleep, you will become rundown and susceptible. That is how she was able to affect me so badly. When I was pregnant, a lot of my energy was taken to protect my baby, but we were also battling my daughter. I’m sure you’ve come to realize, a bond between mother and child is extremely strong. When I met Andrew I was warring with wanting to protect my baby while not wanting to give up on my daughter, despite her horrific choices. My constant fear that I would fail to protect either of them, especially in such turbulent times, caused me to suffer extreme depression. I didn’t take care of myself. I became vulnerable. When we tried to pull her back toward the light, I was too weak to help her or ward off her influence when we fought.”
“Was she trying to kill you when you got sick?”
“I don’t think so. I believe that she was trying to force us away and warn whoever was helping us not to come after her again, but because I was so worn, it left me extremely incapacitated. That’s why you need to take care of yourself. As you know, our fears always make us vulnerable to influence by someone who could artfully manipulate those fears to their advantage. You were strong when they tried to do this to you and thankfully adroit enough to deflect their manipulation, but if you were in a weakened mental state, I fear that your outcome would have been quite different. It may have led to your death and serving him throughout eternity.”
“Emma, why go after me? It just seems strange that she was involved in this and that your family’s lives and Andrew’s keep crossing. I mean your paths started crossing in another country, then you and Andrew cross generations later and Nicholas falls in love with your daughter. Centuries later Andrew and I cross paths, why?”
“We are not absolutely sure, but we have found this to be the case with others as well. We surmise that similar to the way hereditary traits are passed down from generation to generation, there is something in the soul which transcends as well. Generations of souls seem to cross paths until unresolved issues are finally settled. In our case, Andrew saved the life of my grandmother and once she learned of his plight, she desperately wanted to do all she could to help him. She searched for someone in our line to save him, the way he saved her, but then when I got sick, my grandmother sent him our way in hopes of protecting me. Unfortunately as our paths crossed, my daughter fell in love with Nicholas. Unbeknownst to us, a strong demon had already connected to her and planned on using her to lead him astray, but she was caught and her vessel destroyed before she could carry out its goal. Her essence escaped with the demon. As you know, we tried to free Andrew, but couldn’t. My grandmother never stopped hoping and finally you entered this plane.”
“Is my connection to you the reason Nicholas couldn’t destroy me that night in the woods? Is it possible that his destroying me that night would be like destroying a part of your daughter?”
I catch Victor’s stunned look. “I hadn’t really considered that when they told us the story, but it is possible that when he was captured, he may have confirmed your lineage.” He appears to want to say more but Emma interjects.
“Mia, I’m sure you have many more questions and I know Reginald and the others want to speak with you regarding what exactly happened so that they can discern as much about what we fight before they leave, but you need to rest. Not only will it allow you to recall details, but it will help you get stronger.”
She and Victor rise. “I know that you may be leery, especially after everything we told you and our family’s involvement in what happened, but I was not trying to deceive you. We didn’t’ know that Daniela was being bewitched by our daughter until after your incident and we didn’t confirm our suspicions regarding you because you seemed upset enough without Andrew being here.” She grabs both my hands. “You can sleep without fear as to what you’ll find when you awake, really. I wouldn’t lie to you about that. I am so sorry for what happened. We never meant you any harm.” She drops my hands and they leave.
Unaware of how long Andrew allows me to sit trying to process all that they told me, I finally focus and see his eyes searching mine. “Please tell me that what they shared with you at least assures you that you can sleep?”
“Honestly”
“I always want you to be honest with me.”
“I don’t know. It’s so overwhelming. I understand why they withheld telling me what they suspected. I can even understand why it was so difficult for them to reveal that Nicholas had fallen in love with their daughter or that she was the one who did this to me, the anguish in their eyes is obvious, but this realm is so strange. What if they are wrong about witches’ abilities to bewitch one another? I …” My voice pitches with my rising hysteria, so I stop.
Drawing me into his chest, I feel his head shaking. “Mia, I’m so sorry about all of this. I was hoping they would tell you just enough to allow you to sleep. Not that I want to keep anything from you, but you just woke up. After what happened when you saw Jason, I don’t want you to become more anxious. I wanted them to wait to tell you the rest until after you had time, after you had a chance to realize that we aren’t going anywhere so it would be easier when they did tell you about their daughter’s connection and how this happened to you. Not that being engulfed by my world ever could be easy.”
I draw my hand up to his lips. “Andrew, please don’t go there. I told you before, no matter what this world has to throw at me, it brought me you and besides, if I am to believe what Emma and Victor told me, this is not just your world, it has always been part of my world as well, I just never realized it until I fell in love with you.”
“I just wish you could have passed through it without having to go through all of this. All I ever wanted was to protect you and…”
I interrupt. “Stop, if your idea of protecting me means that I would not be with you now, I don’t want to be protected Andrew. You and I are meant to be together. Despite everything else that sometimes is difficult if not impossible to comprehend, of this I am absolutely certain and it gave me the strength to face even my darkest hour. I know that Emma said my fear of losing you makes me vulnerable, but you are also my strength. Even when I thought that I was alone and all hope of being with you was lost in this life, I compelled myself forward hoping that at least our eternity would right the wrong of our not being together on this plane.”
He pulls me closer. “You say that, but from the little I could get from Reginald, you risked yourself and were willing to forgo a peaceful eternity to save me. You can’t do something like that.” He shifts and stares into my eyes. “Mia, promise me that you will never even consider doing something like that again.”
Looking into his pleading eyes, I don’t want to start an argument, but I won’t lie. “I can’t promise you that.” He opens his mouth to argue, but I shake my head stopping him. I have to think fast, but it’s difficult as the images of him suffering runs through my mind like an out of control freight train, then it hits me. “I can promise you that I will find out as much as I can from Emma so that I won’t be as susceptible to the dangers of this new existence. I will do all I can to keep myself out of dangerous situations like the one I ran into.”
“Would it do me any good to argue with you?” He inquires softly.
Breathing deeply, “What would you have done if our positions were reversed?” Pain overshadows his features at whatever image flits through his mind.
“I see what you mean. Would you at least let me convince you to get some rest? From the look on Emma’s face, tomorrow will bring a whole new set of issues and questions. Besides, you did promise and I did leave without a scene, so now it’s your turn.” He rises, holding out a hand for me.
Fear engulfs me as I rise, but as my eyes meet his trusting turquoise eyes, I try to draw upon the strength of knowing that if he suspected there was any danger to me from sleeping, he would transform me immediately to ensure that I never lost consciousness. Following him into the bedroom, I snuggle into his cool chest as he tucks the blankets around me, securing me in his embrace. Unfortunately, feeling him next to me can’t calm my raging heart. Detecting my anxiety, he tries to fill my thoughts with visions of our happy life before the incident, but even his sultry voice cannot overcome the fear and dark images of my loved ones being lost and enduring endless torture in his fiery abyss.
An eternity passes and I feel him reaching for something and speaking softly. “I need you to come and watch the twins, this is not working.”
Opening my eyes, he rises. “Wait here, I’ll be right back.”
I hear him open the door and then Eva’s voice. “She just needs some time. You know how anxious you were as you sat beside her, it took all of us to pull you away and Emma telling you about the message she was sending. She’s strong, but you need to be patient.”
His response is too low for me to hear, but a moment later, he is lifting me from the bed, blankets and all and we are heading out the door.
“What are you doing? I can walk. Where are we going?”
“To a place where I know you’ll feel safe.” He walks across the snow covered courtyard toward the nursery. As he opens the door, my senses are instantly satiated by the warmth surrounding us. I do love this place best of all. Walking over to a bench, he cradles me in his lap. “Now please try to relax and get some rest.” He kisses the top of my nose gently. I wriggle my arms out from the blanket, wrap them around his neck and kiss him. “Mia, I brought you here to rest.”
“I know, but being with you, my thoughts always go to such wonderful places.” I kiss him again. He withdraws probably hearing my pounding heart. Stroking his cheek gently, the fingertips of my other hand brush across his collarbone and down the front of his shirt. I watch his sapphire eyes flare with desire as his hands move around me. Pulling me closer, his lips caress mine passionately. As the heat from my racing pulse consumes me, I throw the blankets off. My need to feel closer to him overwhelms me. I wrap myself around him, feeling every muscle of his chest and arms.
He shifts, putting space between us as I try to get control over my erratic breathing. Whispering in my ear, he once again positions me across him, reaching for the covers, “You are just too beautiful and so special, but you need to rest. Your immovable stone is here.”
I awake in his embrace, but we are in his room. “What are we doing here?”
“I wanted you to be comfortable. Although you like curling up against your cold, hard Stonehenge, your muscles would be stiff and sore, so I took you back here. I was going to take you back to your room, but I heard Reginald talking with Eva and figured you would hear them or the twins.”
Sitting up, the clock reads seven. Gazing outside, I’m happy to see the sun streaming through his window. At least I haven’t slept through another day.
“Do you feel a little better about sleeping now that you see everything is still here?”
I feel an overwhelming sense of relief to look into his eyes and feel him next to me. I can’t even begin to describe it to him so I nod, hugging him gently.
“Do you think you can eat now? Your stomach has been growling all night.”
“I am rather hungry.”
“I’ll be right back. I’ll even bring you some coffee. I would have gone when you first began stirring, but I didn’t want to risk you waking up alone.”
“I’m glad you stayed. I wouldn’t have liked not waking up in your arms.” He hugs me again as his porcelain lips glide across mine ensuring my heart receives its morning electrical jolt. Reaching the archway, he turns. “I left a change of clothes for you on my chair if you want to grab a warm shower while I get breakfast, Gabriel is making Belgian waffles.”
“How do you know?”
He laughs pointing to his nose before leaving. Jumping up, I shower. The water feels warm and wonderful, but my blood turns cold as I hear a faint voice. “Mia, I’m coming, wait…”
Sinking into the tub, my body shakes violently. “I came home. Andrew is real, he wasn’t in a crash. I felt him. I know it. The voice is just your imagination, you are home and everything is fine.”
I hear the door hit the wall as it flies open. “Mia, what’s wrong?” Hands push the curtain slightly out of the way, and a towel is being wrapped around me. Andrew picks me up, his features wrought with concern. Grabbing his robe from the back of the door, he wraps it around me too. “What happened? What’s wrong?” I barely see him through the tears clouding my vision. “Mia, please tell me.” He places me on the bed.
Feeling my arms around him as I pull him closer, the realization that he is truly here slowly seeps in. My shaking hand moves toward his face. “When I was in the shower, I heard a faint voice telling me they were coming and to wait, just like when I was there and thought I could hear you. I feared it was happening again because whenever I was in the water, I could hear faint echoes of what everyone back here was trying to tell me.”
“Mia, it wasn’t a faint echo you heard, I called out to you that I was coming in so to wait in the shower. You forgot your change of clothes. I was going to place them in there for you.”
Closing my eyes, I cannot believe how much trouble I am. “I’m sorry. How can you even…”
He kisses me gently to stop me. “Stop, you just need to give yourself time. Can you tell me what happened there? Maybe I can help you.” He strokes my cheek.
Looking into his concerned eyes, I can’t bring myself to tell him. “Can I actually have a few minutes? You understand…” My stomach grumbles loudly before I even finish. He rises, goes into the bathroom and returns with my clothes. After dressing, I join him in the living room.
“Mia, I know you thought you were in Brazil and that you were trying to rescue me from Jonathan and Daniela’s grasp. Emma said she thought she saw Jason, but she really couldn’t get any details because she was being blocked and then you repelled her, so I don’t know the full story.” He pauses, waiting for my response. When I remain silent, he reaches for my free hand. “Mia, I wouldn’t push you and I know Eva believes you need time, but you really have me worried. I desperately want to help you.”
His anxiety seeps through his grasp and I realize that he really has no idea what I was experiencing. Looking at the anguish in his features, I wonder if Emma and the others didn’t know or were just too afraid to tell him how badly I was suffering since he was unable to help. Sipping my coffee, the warm liquid and being close to him help, but I cannot bring myself to talk about it, not yet. “Andrew, Emma and the others also want to know what happened and I’m not sure how many times I want to think about it. Would you mind if we waited until we were all together later?”
He scrutinizes my face seeking answers to unasked questions. Leaning forward, I begin eating my waffle hoping to distract him, but he will not be deflected. Moving his hand under my chin, he turns me toward him. “I know that much more happened there than anyone is letting on, but we promised no more secrets.” He throws my words back at me. “I don’t want you hedging because you’re concerned with upsetting me if I know what you had to endure. Mia, please I need to know. I failed you once, please let me be here for you now.”
He reads me so well, but his unnecessary guilt is already eating away at him. If I tell him will it really help me at all or will it just cause him to suffer needlessly? I truly have no answer for this. Kissing him gently, “You did not fail me. It’s not that I don’t want to talk to you, it’s just that I don’t know how many times today I can really relive that so please don’t get upset, but I would rather tell you when I have to tell it to everyone else.”
He eyes me skeptically, but tries to reassure me. “Even though they want to gather information, you don’t have to talk to them. I can tell them that it is just too soon. I wish you would talk to me or if you can’t do that right now, at least talk to Eva. The more you hold something like this to yourself, especially since most must seem so fantastical to you, the more I fear it will haunt you.”
“Andrew, I want to answer their questions, especially if it will help them protect others from something like this, but in the meantime, while I eat, could you go and check on the twins for me and ask Jackson to come and see me?”
He looks at me suspiciously. “I really wish that you would talk to Eva instead.”
Hoping that what I say next will ward off some suspicion without sparking a new round of questions, I speak deliberately. “I just need to see Jackson for a few minutes. You were not the only one that Jonathan held in Brazil, Jackson was there too and it would make me feel better if I could talk to him. I promise that I’ll join you shortly.” Although he appears bemused by my revelation, he leaves. I’m no longer hungry, but force myself to eat hoping it will help me think clearly later.
The door opens and Jackson enters. “I’m glad to see you eating something.”
“Is Andrew with the twins?”
“Yes, he and Eva are feeding them now, but from what I heard him telling her on my way out, I assume you sent him in there because he was questioning you about what happened and you are hedging on whether or not to tell him. Did I miss anything?” He smirks.
“No you hit it dead on as usual. How much do they know about what happened to me?”
He sighs. “Emma saw you in Brazil. They know Jonathan was there, but she didn’t tell us anything about what you told me.”
He’s hedging. “What aren’t you telling me?”
“I think that Emma and Reginald know much more than they let on.”
Knowing what Emma told me of her daughter’s involvement the unbidden thought that Emma was hiding the information about her enters my mind.
As if answering an unspoken thought, “She wasn’t withholding information because she wanted to hurt you.”
I can tell there is something more. “Jackson, what are you holding back?”
“I’m just concerned that if I tell you why I think she was withholding what you were going through from us, you will keep it all inside.”
“But I told you.”
“You told me some, but I know you are withholding information just like Emma.”
“Please, I need to know what you suspect.”
“I think she didn’t say much because she was trying to protect Andrew. That day, when you spoke to Andrew, he told you we were coming home the next day, but shortly after he hung up from you, something happened, he became frantic to get home, we could barely keep up with him and in an hour we all found ourselves on the tarmac. By the time we arrived, you had already been hurt and were in very bad shape. No one could tear Andrew from your side. Emma was in a chair next to you in her state and Victor tried to explain what was going on. Andrew turned catatonic. When the other witches arrived, they wanted us to get him away from you because the level of his anxiety was interfering with whatever it was they were trying to do. When Reginald arrived he tried to get Andrew to leave so that they could contact Emma, but he refused. They let us know that if we couldn’t get him to leave, we needed to have him calm down so that they could reach Emma, they feared that both of you could be trapped. I’m not really sure of all of the technicalities, but it had something to do with the elements and energy around the cabin. I’m sure Emma will explain it if you asked. Eva and Gabriel finally got Andrew to the point where his hindrance was manageable if we only came in one at a time. I was there when you kicked out Emma. She was truly concerned when she saw Andrew. Before she could even speak, Reginald had her outside. Returning, she told us you were being bewitched by a strong influence that caught hold of you after the fall. We already knew from Eva that when they found you, you were not breathing and they brought you back.” He draws in a deep breath. “Emma is a good witch, but a terrible liar, even Andrew knew she was withholding information. She tried to placate him without giving him too much information that would have caused more problems for everyone. She told him that a witch entranced you and had you believing that you were in Brazil trying to get Andrew out of a situation with Jonathan. If Andrew was thinking clearly, he would have seen the looks passing amongst them and known that the situation was much more serious than they let on.” He pauses allowing me to grasp what he is saying. “Mia, they weren’t telling us what was going on because Andrew’s deteriorating condition was already interfering with their efforts. When he finally emerged from his catatonic state, they needed him to keep talking to you. He was their best chance of getting through to you besides Emma and she was getting weaker each time she tried to get back in because of how long she stayed in the first time…”
He stops as if something struck him. “Mia, I know what she told you last night, I saw Victor this morning. She was not withholding information about you to protect her daughter at the expense of risking your life.”
“How can you be so sure?”
His eyes shift down. Putting my hand under his chin, I force him to look at me. “Don’t do that. I need to know. I don’t want any half-truths.”
He stays silent for what seems like hours before speaking. “I saw Reginald and Emma fighting over you. She wanted to go back in after you. She was afraid that you wouldn’t latch on to Reginald because you didn’t know him. Reginald kept telling her that she was not strong enough to go back in and that even if she reached you, in her weakened condition she wasn’t strong enough to push you both back out. He told her that even if by some miracle, she got you out; she would probably be trapped there forever. She argued that she didn’t care about risking herself. She finally acquiesced when he convinced her that he was your best opportunity to escape by channeling through her so that their essences would mix. He convinced her that this would draw you on a subconscious level. Obviously he was right because he said that you did choose to go with Emma.”
I stare at him shocked. Why would she risk herself to save me? Even though I’m her descendant, she doesn’t know me. Andrew may have saved her grandmother, but she has family and I’m a virtual stranger.
Jackson’s hand on my shoulder drags me from my introspection. “What are you thinking?”
“It doesn’t make sense that she would risk herself for me.” His eyes shift behind me telling me he has a theory. “You know something more don’t you?”
“I think I do, but I got the information by doing something that I really shouldn’t have.”
“What did you do?”
“After Reginald and Emma fought, she needed to rest so she could channel with him. Even though it’s forbidden, I entered her dreams. I needed to know that she didn’t have any ulterior motives. You and Andrew had already been through too much. Her dream that night shocked me. At first, I thought I was watching the two of you arguing in the woods until I realized the surroundings were off. You were near an antique looking cabin, wearing an old fashioned dress. The dream was making less and less sense. You were throwing spells trying to hurt her and she was deflecting the energy, becoming weaker and weaker, but never fighting back. She kept calling out for you to stop and remember the good in you. Victor came bursting through the trees screaming for Abigail to stop. He threw a burst of energy that sent her back at least one hundred feet. She fled instantly and that is when I realized I was not seeing a fight between the two of you, Emma was dreaming of her daughter. You bear a remarkable resemblance to her.”
His features still look shocked. “How remarkable?”
“You could be twins. Coming out of her dream, I could understand her argument with Reginald. Watching you fight against the encroaching darkness must have reminded her of the fight her daughter lost. It made her all the more determined to save you. She withheld information, but it was to protect you and Andrew, the same way you are trying to protect Andrew now by talking to me instead of the one who you should be talking to, the one who could reassure you that you are here and he will do all he can to protect you.”
His features turn sympathetic, but his words are a plea. “I know you think you are protecting Andrew by keeping him in the dark, but you’re not. He can handle the truth. He is going crazy knowing that you endured so much and are trying to keep it from him. He can tell by the way you reacted to Jason, your fear of falling asleep and whatever happened this morning that it was really bad. It’s torturing him more knowing that the one he loves is keeping secrets from him and suffering in silence, alone. He feels guilty enough about leaving you and letting this happen, don’t shut him out, you need to let him help you deal with everything that happened for both of your sakes.”
Rising, “Come on, I know they are gathering downstairs and in your room. Are you ready to face questions?”
Following Jackson back to the suite, the nervous butterflies are fluttering in my stomach. Andrew is pacing in the living room mumbling. Jackson moves past him joining Emma and Eva in the kitchen. Andrew wraps his arms around me. I feel the tension in his muscles. “Was talking with Jackson helpful?”
“He told me that my desire to protect you from what happened there is only hurting you more and begged me not to exclude you from this.” His arms relax and his embrace becomes more genuine, sending my pulse racing.
“I’m glad you spoke to him then.” He states softly, kissing my forehead.
“Me too, shall we go and see the twins before getting down to business?”
Jackson is bouncing Kayla on his knee while Emma plays with Nicholas who reaches for me. Turning, Emma stares at me.
Fearing I will somehow disclose Jackson’s revelation, I tear my eyes from her. “Where should we talk, Jackson said you are ready for me?”
Emma’s eyes soften. “Would it be alright if you and I take a walk before we get started? This won’t take long.”
Andrew squeezes my hand. Looking up, I can see he’s concerned, especially after my reaction this morning. Handing him Nicholas, I smile. “I’ll be fine really.” Turning to Emma, “I’ll just grab my coat.”
She leads me to the nursery. Sitting on a bench, I can smell the oregano, reminding me of Gabriel’s cooking lessons. It seems like another lifetime.
“How are you feeling considering what we told you last evening and what I suspect Jackson shared with you this morning?”
Her question throws me. “I’m a little overwhelmed by last night’s revelations, but am grateful you told me.”
She interrupts. “Mia, I appreciate you diplomacy, but I’m sure you were quite shocked and concerned that we risked your life to hide our daughter’s involvement. As hard as it may be for you to believe, seeing how our beautiful baby girl went from having so much potential to do good to turning into something that we didn’t even recognize, crushed me. I don’t want to lose anyone else the way I lost her. But you couldn’t have known that. I’m sure you even worried about us being here near your family but didn’t voice your fears to Andrew because of how anxious he is over everything you are still going through. Am I correct that you spoke to Jackson? We both know that Jackson would not hesitate to break the rules if he thought his family was in danger to protect them and would never reveal your confidences to Andrew, not even if it was for your own good.”
I clamp my mouth shut, feeling my jaw dropping and fearing she knows exactly what Jackson told me. I need to deflect her suspicions. “You’re right, I didn’t talk to Andrew because I’m not sure if letting him know what happened would really help me or just fuel his already unnecessary guilt about our being together. I do sometimes talk to Jackson, he doesn’t push issues. Talking to him is easier because I know I’m not making him feel guilty, but I don’t know what you mean about Jackson breaking the rules. He is a good man.”
She moves her hand to mine. “Mia, I know what a good man Jackson is. You don’t have to lie to protect him. I know he crept into my dream the night before we pulled you out. I’m not angry, nor did I tell anyone. He caught the looks between us and heard us arguing. I know he was only trying to protect you and Andrew, especially after all of the betrayals.” My jaw drops this time with no chance of clamping shut. “He was right. We did see quite a bit more than we let on. Although we didn’t see everything, especially after you knocked me out.” She chuckles. “I also missed some because I suspected, once inside, that it was my daughter. I had to hide in order to avoid detection.” My bemused eyes shoot up to hers. “Mia, Abigail was once very in tune with me. If she detected me, she would have tossed me out and blocked our return. I never thought you would do that for her.”
Pausing, she seems to assess my features and then continues. “We hid information, but not to hurt you or them. Their distress and anxiety were causing enough interference without them knowing how much you were suffering. We couldn’t risk Andrew becoming comatose again. We needed him to keep talking to you.”
“How much did you see?”
“I saw how they were very careful not to take everyone away from you at first so as not to immediately raise your suspicions while ensuring that they removed those closest to you and whom you would detect were imposters. I also saw how they slowly placed barricades in your path as you tried to grab on to some hope, especially when they made you a patient here and took your license ensuring that you would love to leave a place you felt was no longer your home.” Sadness overshadows her features. “I didn’t realize how clever my daughter could be. By forcing your hope to rest upon new people coming to your aid, they were able to manipulate enough of the situation to get you involved in their sick game. I knew she was powerful, but I never realized how maniacal she had become. I guess I was always hoping that we might be able to pull her back into the light, but I don’t think that’s possible any longer.” She seems to be talking more to herself. I clear my throat dragging her from her preoccupation.
“I’m sorry, it’s just so hard to let go when you’re hoping to save your child.”
Placing my free hand upon hers, “I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for you to watch this all unfold.” After what Jackson told me, it must have been like watching her daughter fall deep into the darkness all over again, fearing history would repeat itself. “Can I do anything to help you?”
Her eyes soften. “You already have. You held on and made it out the other side. When you committed to saving Andrew, I was sure we were going to lose you. If you lost in that reality, you would have never regained consciousness in this one and your soul would have been ripped from you to serve him throughout eternity.” She pauses a moment. “I debated whether to reveal myself to you then, but you were so driven to save Andrew that I couldn’t be sure that you would believe me about what was happening and feared that your desire to save him would have colored your decision and driven you further away, especially since you hadn’t started trusting your instincts enough to defy your fear.” She shakes her head as if trying to rid herself of a disturbing thought. “Then when you thought you were in Brazil, I knew they were becoming suspicious because Jason was always so close to you. If I tried to grab you and he was manipulating you, I didn’t feel strong enough to hold you, I had been in too long, but then you began to change. I could feel that you doubted what was around you and began trusting yourself more, so I tried to grab you, but I didn’t expect your decisive attack. I couldn’t even get a message to you.”
“I’m sorry. I thought you were someone else.”
“Don’t apologize. If I was thinking clearly, I would have approached you differently, but after that our information became very sketchy. I know that Reginald got a flash of you fighting in the cave and seeing Andrew being ripped apart, but it was all too fast for him to understand what was going on. He could tell everything was coming to fruition and we didn’t have long so he got into position.”
I shudder as the image flashes before me.
“Mia, I know it will be very difficult for you to talk about what happened in the cave, but knowing how they manipulate situations and individuals could be very helpful to us in future encounters. I need for you to be candid and truthful about all of it and don’t hedge for Andrew’s sake. Hedging will only taint the information which is difficult to interpret correctly already.” She appears to be struggling with something she wants to say.
“What’s wrong?”
She takes in a very deep breath. “I know I’m not in a position to give you advice, but you should tell Andrew everything. I know that keeping things from the one you love can be disastrous and will drive a wedge between you. If I had shared my suspicions about our daughter with Victor, maybe we could’ve saved her. I know how much you fought for Andrew when he was in a dark place and know how much you love him. He is a good man. Let him help you. Even though you maintained the right course despite all they threw at you, this experience has not left you unscathed, nor will it leave you quickly. He loves you and in that love you will both find strength. Fear and secrets only give the darkness power over you, don’t give them even the slightest opening, the two of you can handle anything together and you will become stronger through the shared experience.”
We sit silently until she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a small leather case. “I hope our conversation has alleviated some of your concerns about us because Victor and I would really like to help you come into your own. From what we have seen, we believe you can be a very powerful and resourceful force.” She hands me the case. “I had my daughter send this to me; it protected my grandmother for many years. I always hoped to give it to Abigail, but I realize it is meant for you.”
Flipping the case over, a small, smooth, onyx charm attached to a leather strap, similar to the one that Emma put on me for protection falls into my palm. Brushing my fingertip over the smooth surface, I turn it over and notice words etched into the back “Life sustained throughout eternity.” Looking up, “I can’t take this. It belongs to your family.”
Cupping her hands around mine and the pendant, “You are my family and now that you are sure of the powers you hold, this will help protect you. I don’t know what your plans are with Andrew as far as whether or not you desire to go through a transformation with him, but this offers you an alternative. If you want to know how to use the spell on the back to become immortal, we can assist.”
Staring at the words, I realize that I have once again allowed this issue to fall by the wayside and wonder why I haven’t addressed it with Andrew while our life was not in such a chimerical quandary. Am I taking for granted that I will transform or is immortality such a fantastical issue that my mind refuses to even consider it. Knowing I never want to leave him, I have no answer but resolve to address it soon.
Emma interrupts my introspection. “I didn’t mean to catch you off guard, but in addition to the protection it will give you, I wanted you to know your options.”
“No, it’s not that. It’s just that I can’t believe I ignored the issue that Andrew will never age and that if I want to stay with him, I have to consider this.”
She smiles. “You need to give yourself a break. This fantastical world is something that only authors bring to life in the pages of books or upon the screen as a fictional movie. This is new to you and I know how easy it must be to look into Andrew’s eyes and forget such a fantastical world that no one believes is real and Andrew believes should not exist on this plane. You have time to decide what you want to do, you’re still young, but try not to wait too long.” She stops and I can see her biting her lip.
“Emma what aren’t you saying?” I know by her shifting body language that she is having difficulty deciding whether or not to say anything further. “Emma, please tell me.”
“I don’t want to frighten you, especially considering what you have already been through nor do I want you to make a decision out of fear, it’s just that as an immortal, if you embrace your gifts and cultivate them you will be stronger and better equipped to fight against them when they…” She stops and I know exactly what she is going to say. “I’m sorry sometimes I get too far ahead of myself. I don’t want to sway your decision if you were not considering joining us. No matter what you decide, we will do whatever we can to protect you.”
The reality of her words overwhelms me. I know from Jonathan and what has already occurred that they will come for me again. The biggest shock is now I have more than one way to become something, I never even remotely thought would be possible, immortal. My mind can’t even comprehend choices in this area. As it spins, I realize I cannot be consumed by this issue, there are people waiting to hear my account, people who went out of their way to bring me home and who are probably anxious to get back to their own homes. Rising, I don’t want them waiting any longer. Before leaving, I hug Emma. “Thank you for this and everything that you told me. I just can’t deal with the immortality issue right now. I want to stay focused on giving you as much information as possible first.”
As we walk back, William catches sight of me as he heads to the loft. Remembering my promise and how he has spent weeks worrying, I turn to Emma. “Could you tell them, I’ll be there in a few minutes, I know that we have important issues to discuss, but I have something important to do first.”
“I understand. Do you want me to send Andrew over to walk back with you?”
“No. I won’t be long.” Moving toward William, he smiles. “I hope you’re heading to the loft so I can see your latest works.”
“I can’t wait to show you the newest background I painted for the twins.”
After seeing his work, I grab my coat, but Nicole stops me. “Mia, Andrew is just checking on Mr. Thompson, he’ll meet you in the office so you can walk back together.”
In his office, his computer is on. It’s comforting to see a clear picture of us with the twins at Gabriel’s wedding as his screensaver. Running my fingers across the screen, Andrew enters and jokes. “Wouldn’t you rather brush the cheek of the real thing?”
“Yes, but at least the image can’t back away from me when he thinks I’m getting too close.”
He embraces me, leaving no space between us. His cool lips are at my ear. “You’re not starting that again, are you?”
I’m happy to be able to joke with him. “That depends” I feel his smile as my heart pounds.
“It depends upon what?”
“If I start again, will you show me how wrong I am tonight?”
His body shakes as he struggles to contain his laughter. “That’s what you’re thinking about now.” He teases.
“I can’t help but think about that whenever I’m around you.”
He strokes my cheek tenderly. “I’m glad to hear you sound a little more at ease.” He kisses me softly.
Wrapping my arms around his neck, I refuse to allow him to withdraw his porcelain lips from mine. I need to steal a few more moments before reliving my darkest hours, no matter how much it will help the others. Feeling his strong, cool hands moving from my cheeks, down my neck spikes my heart rate sending my overheated blood coursing through my veins. His index finger glides across the leather strap adorning my neck. Kissing me once more, he steps back. His eyes fixate on the pendant. “Did Emma tell you who this belonged to?” His tone reflects some distant memory.
“She said it belonged to…” It hits me as to who wore it before me. “Do you recognize this?”
“Yes, she was clutching it when we were hiding in the barn. The chain broke when the soldier grabbed her hair. We found this thin piece of leather in the barn, it was scrap discarded from a bridal the owner was working on.” His fingertips brush the pendant before flipping it over. “Did she tell you what these words mean?”
“Yes,” I murmur.
His eyes shift up to mine seeking answers to questions he cannot bring himself to voice. After several moments, he whispers. “You have quite a bit to consider, don’t you?”
“I do, but I have something that I need to do first.” My all too familiar butterflies flutter their anxious wings. “Andrew, a lot happened there. They want me to be candid about my feelings, how I figured it all out, everything.” I know Emma is right about secrets, but as I envision him sitting next to me, piling more guilt upon his already overburdened conscious, I begin back peddling. “Maybe you should consider staying here. Your patients need you. You don’t need to go through this.”
An indiscernible expression crosses his face. “I thought Jackson and Emma had convinced you that keeping things from each other only hurts us.” Cupping my face within his strong hands, he speaks deliberately. “I know you’re afraid that my hearing what happened there will enhance my already guilty feelings about bringing you into our world, but Mia, I need to know. You are the most important person in my life and fought for me in my darkest hour. You made me whole. Don’t shut me out now or ever. I don’t need protecting. I need to be there for you the way you stayed and fought for me. I love you. You made me believe that we can get through anything as long as we are together and honest with each other. Please, don’t worry about anything you have to say. Tell them everything, tell me everything you went through so that I can better understand and can help you through the repercussions. Promise me that you won’t hold anything back.”
Looking into his confident eyes, quells some of my butterflies. “I promise”
Kissing me once more “Are you ready to go?”
“Yes, I don’t want to keep them waiting any longer.”
We cross the courtyard quickly. Gabriel is waiting for us. “Don’t take off your coats, there are just too many of them to fit comfortably in your suite so they went to the cabin.
“Who’s with the twins?”
“They are there too. Reginald didn’t want your mind wandering worrying about them.”
Andrew carries me so that we get there quicker. Reginald is on the floor with the twins, levitating blocks. It’s strange to watch them enjoying this strange entertainment. As we step in, Reginald rises and a younger woman takes his place with Eva and Jackson.
“Why don’t you sit here?” Emma says and introduces everyone. “You can begin anywhere you feel comfortable. We’ll save all our questions so we won’t interrupt your flow. Just try to provide as much detail as possible, even if you think that it’s not important.”
Andrew takes my hand and begins stroking it gently. I talk for what feels like an eternity. The devastating images flow through my consciousness and I am no longer aware of the eyes upon me as I relive and recount each horrific detail. Despite Andrew’s touch, I am isolated and alone in my introspection. Andrew interrupts me a few times as my voice trails off. Andrew’s muscles tighten each time I mention Anderson’s name as I recount the hospital events. Eva moves closer to him, whispering in his ear as I speak of the shower incident. Forcing my thoughts away from the surroundings and back to the events, I can’t afford any more anxiety, my heart is already racing out of control and my head is pounding knowing the images which are about to bombard me. As I reach the entrance of the cave, despite being able to feel Andrew beside me, my senses are overwhelmed as Andrew, Jackson, my sister and I are engulfed in the heat of hell, my body is singed once more. Unwittingly, I knock the chair over as I jerk myself up and compel myself outside. Perched against the outer wall, fighting to take a breath, I feel Andrew’s hands around my wrists, pulling them gently away from my face. Leaning down his eyes meet my unseeing gaze, “Mia, it’s alright, we are all here and safe. Look at me please. It’s alright.”
Despite his comforting words, my mind is racing through different scenarios. Each time, I choose wrong and have to watch them enduring eternal torture in the emblazing abyss.”
Gently moving his hands around to my back, he pulls me into his chest. “You’re home. Everyone is safe. You trusted your instincts and came back to me.” He kisses the top of my head gently.
Sobs rip through my chest as I utter. “I’m sorry, I know you’re here. I can’t stop imagining what would have happened if I had chosen wrong.”
He steps back slightly, placing his hand under my chin. “You didn’t choose wrong. You came home. Do you remember telling me that I was too good for the darkness to hold when I thought we would never find a solution to our situation? You should take your own advice Dr. Angelis it is you who are too good to ever be held by his forever night.”
“I did come home to you, but what if the next time I’m not so lucky or they really do grab hold of you?”
“Mia, again you need to take your own advice about not living in fear and letting them take away what we could have because then they really do win.”
I can’t help but smile. “You need to stop throwing my own words back at me.”
He laughs, but then his features turn serious. “Mia, each time they come after us, they reveal more of their tactics. Each time they fail, we become stronger and more attune to their tricks. That is why we are having you relive these awful accounts. I know how difficult it is for you and I can’t tell you how sorry I am for having you live through it again, but I have been carefully listening to everything you said and believe me, it has been quite insightful and helpful.”
“I’m sorry you had to hear about Anderson. I know that Eva was trying to keep you calm.”
“You have nothing to be sorry about. I told you I want to know everything. It’s just when I heard how they used this to hurt you further…” He inhales deeply. “I’m sorry I made it worse for you.”
“You didn’t. I’m glad you’re here. Truthfully, I couldn’t do this without being able to feel you near me.”
“Do you want to stop for this evening?”
“No, I think I should finish so that they can go home and we can get back to caring for the people here.”
He tenderly brushes his porcelain lips across mine before we head inside. Over the next several hours I answer their questions. Everyone questions me but Reginald who has an intense look of concentration in his eyes. He appears to be making mental notes and I wonder if he could repeat my information verbatim. His aggravated response to Sara to not keep me up any longer than necessary with having to repeat the same information assures me that he can. Although I know I answered earlier, she insists that I hadn’t. Before I can repeat myself, Reginald repeats my earlier answer exactly. I now understand why Andrew calls him the human computer.
By three am, we finally finish. My mind and body are spent. I can’t face heading out into the cold. As if reading my mind, Andrew asks Emma to have our guests leave so I can rest here. Throwing more logs onto the extinguishing fire, he stokes it back to life before sitting next to me. “I can’t believe how much they put you through and how much you were willing to sacrifice for me. You endured so much because of me.”
Placing my index finger on his lips, “You didn’t put me through anything, it was Daniela, or should I say Abigail and Jonathan.”
“Yes but they would not have come after you if a part of me hadn’t fallen in love with her and then what happened to Nicholas that night, if…”
Not willing to let him go there, I interrupt. “Stop, you can’t take this on. No more guilt. You can’t control what others do. They would have just come after me for something else. We both know they’re not done. Andrew, both sides of you survived that night because no matter how much they tried to split you and turn you toward the darkness, they couldn’t. You and I have fought too hard. There is no room in our relationship for guilt. It has been such a long day and night, I don’t want you thinking about anything right now except trying to convince me that you don’t back away when you think we are getting too close.”
Trying to restrain himself, he fails and laughs. “After a day like today, you can’t seriously be thinking about that again!”
“I told you, I always think about getting close to you whenever we’re together. Besides, after the day I’ve had, it’s all the more reason for me to be thinking like this. I want to step away from the surreal and concentrate on just us and how close you’ll allow me to get to you once we’re married.” Joking with him, I begin feeling more like the person I was becoming before this incident overshadowed our existence.
As his hands snake around my back, my overactive heart takes flight and my racing pulse warms every cell. He smiles before kissing me. I slide my fingers down his neck and perfectly sculpted abdomen, before wrapping my hands around his waist pulling him closer. He shivers. His lips caress my jawline, moving toward my ear. “You have to admit, I’m not moving away from you now.” He whispers.
Running my fingertips ever so slowly up his spine, he shivers again. “You will, just give it a moment.”
His fingertips glide slowly down my neck, followed by his tender lips, kissing each crevice. His hand glides down my arm, down my side until it is under my knees, swinging my legs over so I am sitting on his lap. His intense kiss ignites my entire being. As I become lightheaded, I tear my lips from his, gasping for breath.
Opening my eyes, his are filled with desire, but his lips smile with self-satisfaction. “Who’s pulling away now?”
I laugh as he shifts, rises and returns with a blanket. Wrapping me tightly, he places the pillow on his lap. He strokes my temple gently as I looked into the dancing flames. “Try to get some rest. I love you.”
Closing my eyes, “I love you too.” I drift to sleep.


Chapter Eleven The Troubled Journey

For the first time in what seems like forever, my dreams are filled with calming visions of Andrew and the twins enjoying long walks. All too soon, my sweet dreams turn into a scorching nightmare. Standing inside the cave, surrounded by flames and shadows, Jonathan emerges from the darkness. His scorching essence burns through my clothing, engulfing me. His face is only inches from my own. I can barely focus on his menacing voice as I fight the urge to scream. “Don’t blink Mia, you don’t want to miss an important detail as to how I will capture and torture the twins before sending them to their demise.” He slowly backs away. “Make sure you report back accurately what you see so they can learn and defeat us.” He mocks then flies out of the cave. Running toward the narrowing entrance, I throw myself through, but am repelled backward as it seals shut, leaving just a porthole. I can see the outside changing from a darkened cave to the mural adorning the twins’ room. Tearing my eyes from the mural, the twins are nestled inside their cribs as two shadows approach. My blood runs cold as Daniela and Jonathan stand before the ones I love, teeth bared and arms outstretched. I scream. My eyes fly open.
I’m shaking. Andrew is putting another log on the fire. I flew towards the playpen fearing what I will find. Looking down, they are sleeping soundly. Falling to my knees, relief washes over me as tears overtake me. Andrew wraps his arms around me, his voice fills with concern. “What happened? What’s wrong? Mia, they’re fine.”
I allow Andrew to lead me back to the couch not wanting to wake the twins. His tone is comforting as he strokes my shaking hand. “It was only a dream. What did you see happen to them?”
“It was something that happened to me in the cave with Jonathan.”
“You never mentioned anything with the twins in your account.”
“I must have blocked it out.” I can’t stop the tears. I bury my face in his chest for a moment in hopes of stopping the oncoming sobs, which are clawing up my throat. As I grab hold of myself, I croon. “When Jonathan was trying to manipulate me, he said that his greatest pleasure would be having me watch helpless as he disposes of the twins.”
Drawing me back into his chest, he strokes my back. “He won’t get to them. We will always protect them. Mia, you need to understand that although what happened to you could have trapped you, the Jonathan in that reality couldn’t hurt the twins. They were never in any danger.”
Looking into his well-meaning eyes, I speak deliberately. “They were in danger, if I had taken them when I went to warn Eva, they would be dead right now instead of sleeping peacefully. What if we hadn’t caught on to what Daniela was and went on a walk with her like I have with the others here?” I shudder violently at the image of her biting the twins as she had in my nightmare.
“Mia, stop. You knew from the beginning not to let her near them. Your instincts screamed something was wrong and you maintained that course even when we tried to dissuade you. You are very perceptive and know when there is danger. You are not alone. We all love them and will protect them.”
“But while they’re with me, they’re in danger, above and beyond the normal everyday hazards which you tried to show we face. I want them with me and would protect them with my life, but maybe I should consider that the best thing for them is to talk to Stephan about taking them. At least there, they would not be involved with this. It is one thing for me to choose to enter into this world, and after what Emma showed me about myself, I am deeper involved in the surreal than I originally anticipated, but to choose to thrust them into this…” Inhaling deeply, something inside me is telling me what I have to do and I must once again stay the course my instincts are screaming. “Andrew, I’m going to Minnesota, I need to see how Stephan is doing. I need to consider whether leaving the twins with him and so close to Martin and Suzanne would be better for them than keeping them with me.”
His tone turns sedate. “I understand, but I hope you’ll also consider that with our special gifts and your new talents, we may be more equipped to protect them than anyone. I’m not trying to scare you, but as you can see from everyone who we protect here, you don’t have to be involved with us to be touched by supernatural tragedies, not to mention all of the human tragedies which occur every day.” His touch is radiating tension. “Mia, I’m not trying to tell you what to do, but considering how much you have gone through, this is a big decision and one that should not be made out of fear. You are a good mother. Your instincts will protect them, you just need to trust in yourself and trust that David knew what he was doing when he chose you.”
His eyes reflect the sadness in my own heart. How can I give them up? I shake my head, I can’t think about what I want. “Andrew, I am listening, but something inside of me is telling me that I need to go out there and it has to be now. I need to weigh all the possibilities.”
“When do we leave?”
As much as I want him with me, I know he has work to catch up on here so I clear my throat. “You have already taken so much time away from your patients because of me, I can go alone. I won’t be long. I promise, I won’t make a decision while I’m there because there is no turning back once I do.”
“Everyone here is being well taken care of and I’m sure that Gabriel won’t mind taking care of my patients a few more days. I’m not letting you go alone. Tell me when you want to leave so I can make the arrangements.” He kisses my head gently.
“We need to go in the next day or two. I’ll call Martin and see if we can stay with them and tell Stephan we’re coming out.”
“You should really try to sleep, you only had an hour. When the twins wake up, I’ll feed them and then we can head back.”
I’m fine. I need to be awake when they wake up.”
He leans us back into the couch. “Is there anything that I can do to make this easier for you?”
“You already are just by holding me. “We sit in silence watching the crackling fire. Returning to the residency, Emma is waiting on the stairs.
“How are you feeling this morning? You look exhausted.”
“I’m doing alright. I hope my information was of some use.”
“It will be extremely helpful when we encounter them again.”
Victor descends the stairs carrying their suitcases. “Good morning. Did Emma tell you that most of the contingent left?”
Andrew interjects. “I hope you will come back for the wedding next month.”
Emma smiles “We wouldn’t miss it.” She turns to me. “We can return in hours if you need us. We just thought that you could use some time.” As she hugs me, Kayla reaches for her. “Do you mind?”
“Not at all” It’s so strange to see how loving everyone is with them. I had always seen others react to babies, but to see such love and devotion in the eyes of so many, truly amazes me. After a while, they leave and I go upstairs to bathe the twins and allow Andrew time to go on his rounds.
Eva drops in. “Are you feeling any better seeing that you can sleep and wake up without anyone disappearing on you?”
“Sometimes I get anxious wondering if my mind is playing tricks on me, but then when I feel the twins in my arms or when…” I stop, feeling strange talking about how Andrew’s kiss makes me feel to his sister.
She laughs. “I understand.” Her features turn serious. “Andrew tells me you are going to Minnesota tomorrow.”
“I’m sorry about leaving you shorthanded again but there’s something I have to do there. I hope you understand.”
Her expression tells me she knows exactly why I’m going. “Mia, I’m worried about you. I see how much you love them and know what you fear, but once you let fear dictate every decision, you give into the darkness and allow it to take another piece of you when it has already taken away too much.” She takes my hands. “Don’t let it take any more of the ones you love from you.” Nicholas crawls into her lap. She bounces him, but her eyes never leave mine. “You’re a good mother. You have bonded. I would hate for you to let fear cloud your judgment. The best a mother can do for a child is to love them. No one lives in a perfect world and as much as we want to protect them from everything we can’t. I need to get back. Andrew told me that you weren’t going to make a decision out there. I hope for all of your sakes you stick to that. Come home and give yourself time to think about it clearly. If you need to talk to someone, I am always here for you.” She hugs the twins and then me.
Sitting, I realize how many others my decision will affect. In a strange way, we are a family with the twins an integral part of everyone’s life. My thoughts are interrupted by a knock on the door. From the rhythmic pattern, I know it is Jackson. “Come in, the door’s open.” From the look on his face, I know the news of my possible decision is traveling fast and he wants to voice his concerns.
His tone is stern. “I hear you are not thinking clearly and are considering leaving these two lovely darlings with your brother.”
“I’m only checking out the possibility. I need to see how Stephan and his family are doing and determine if getting the twins away from the surreal world might be in their best interest.”
Disapproval rages in his eyes. “A few months ago, you didn’t even like your brother. You were prepared to fight him to the death to keep Nicholas and Kayla with you and now this.”
“A few months ago I didn’t realize how much danger they could be in by staying with me.”
His features soften. “You are not putting them in any more danger than any other child on the planet. Truthfully, they may be safer because of all of the people here who love them and will do whatever it takes to protect them. Don’t be blinded by your fears. You went through the most traumatic experience imaginable, but don’t forget all of the good that this surreal world can offer them as well. You saw how many people came here to pull you out. Just think about all those who helped us in Brazil. When you make your decision, don’t let all the bad eclipse the good. Before I go, Andrew told me to let you know he spoke with Martin and everything’s arranged.” He rises. “I’m glad you let Andrew know everything. Although he’s worried for you, he is much happier knowing. I’ll see you before you go.”
Nicholas and Kayla play until dinner. Putting them to bed, I’m happy that it seemed like a normal day. After showering, Andrew still hasn’t returned so I go into the twins’ room. Sitting on the rocker, staring at their beautiful faces, I can feel the trapeze artists practicing in my stomach. Andrew’s cool touch pulls me from my introspection. From his features, I know he is aware of why my heart is raging out of control.
Leading me into the living room, I notice a sandwich and milk on the table, but can’t even think of eating. His soft voice draws my eyes toward his. “You don’t have to make a decision now. No one is compelling you to do anything.”
“I know, but as they get more attached to me, it will make it all that much harder for them to adjust.”
“Mia, your reaction from the thought of giving them up should tell you how wrong it would be for you to do this.”
I interrupt. “I can’t think about what I need. I need to think about what is best for them only. Thank you for calling Martin.”
“They are very excited. He said Stephan brought Stephanie and Edward to see them and has even asked them to watch the children once a week for a few hours when he and Marie’s schedules cross.”
Arriving at the airport the trapeze artists are not only out of control, but they invited the wild animals too. My heart aches with the weight of the decision this trip will yield. Holding Nicholas close to me and looking over at Kayla, I wonder from their behavior if they sense the reason for our journey as well. Although they had always been very affectionate with us, their little hands appear to be grabbing our fingers and clothing, pulling us closer to them, so as not to have us let go, but then again, maybe my own anxiety about what could come next is coloring my judgment and the fear of losing someone else close to me, is bringing the desolation of being lost in my endless abyss closer to home. Maybe I really haven’t escaped what was trying to claim me, maybe I merely took it forward to this realm and the darkness is just waiting to claim me a different way. Maybe it will claim me, one loved one at a time, forcing situations upon me so that the only way to save those I love is to give them up and welcome a dark empty existence, the one I thought I had left behind. The only question that remains is will I have enough strength to give up Andrew when it comes to claim him. The lights on the plane dim for night flying, but maybe it’s a sign foreshadowing my new existence.


Chapter Twelve A Tragedy Avoided, A New Power Revealed

We arrive at Martin and Suzanne’s house, staying with them for several hours before stopping by Anton’s to pick up dinner to bring to Stephan and Marie. Pulling into the driveway, my trapeze artists are practicing their routine. Stephan pulls behind us. Unbeknownst to me, my facial features reveal my inner struggle. Stephan’s hand is on my shoulder. “Are you alright?”
His concern catches me off guard. I try to compose myself. “Our ride was a little turbulent.”
Following him inside, a strange sensation comes over me. It’s the first time I have been in the house since Katrina’s death. If the world were as it should be, I wouldn’t even be here facing this decision. The twins would be with her and David in this wonderful home. Edward jumping into Stephan’s arms, begging him to come and see the block building he constructed, interrupts my thoughts. Stephan’s animated response makes me smile, despite my heightened anxiety. Andrew sits next to them with the twins as Marie leads me upstairs to see Stephanie Marie.
Going downstairs again, it’s nice to see how attentive Stephan is to his family. He even allows Marie to continue eating when Stephanie gets up, feeding and changing her. It is strange watching this new Stephan and seeing the new relationships forming between him and Andrew as they talk about the children and even me. Looking around, seeing how wonderful Stephan’s family is, I’m taken aback as I realize that this actually makes my decision harder. They are already juggling so much to maintain work and family time. Looking at Andrew, I see how much he loves the twins and know his family loves them too. Maybe if we all try to protect them, they will be safe. Shaking my head, I try to clear my thoughts, afraid that I’m gravitating this way because I can’t bear to give them up.
Andrew interrupts my introspection. “Maybe we should go and allow them to get the children to sleep.”
Marie comes over, “Stephan and I are off tomorrow. We promised Edward we’d go sledding. Why don’t you come with us, it’s a lot of fun.”
“That would be really nice, what time?”
“Around ten thirty, this way Stephanie has already napped and we’re not pressed for time.”
Hugging her, “We’ll see you then.”
Walking to the hills, dragging the sleds, we spend a few hours sledding on the small hills. The twins thoroughly enjoy themselves and so does Andrew. The realization I discern from watching how good Andrew is with the twins; how happy they are as he hugs them; and Stephan’s new softness, despite struggling for time, weighs upon me like cinder blocks. If I decide to ask him to take the twins, although it would not be a financial burden because of everything that David left in place, the time constraints would be great. Would having two more lives totally dependent upon him place such a strain to do good for them that the all too focused Stephan would re-emerge, keeping him away from those who need him to be the soft man before me? What would I even say to him about giving them up?
My thoughts drift back as Edward begs Stephan to take one run on the bigger slope like they usually do. Stephan glances toward Marie. “I’ll take Stephanie back and you take him, he’s been talking about it all week.”
Edward turns to me. “Auntie Mia, come with us, it’s so much fun!”
Andrew takes Kayla. “I’ll walk back with Marie so you can go.”
Grabbing Edward’s hand and taking the sled from Andrew, we walk up a beautiful tree lined hill. With each step, Edward becomes more animated telling me how Stephan and he fly down the hill. “It’s so cool! Dad can even make the sled swivel. Will you slide down beside us so we can race?”
“I’ll do my best to keep up.” Hugging me tightly, he jumps in Stephan’s arms on the sled.
Sliding down, Stephan holds Edward in front of him with his knees as he tries swiveling the sled. Despite their being slightly ahead, I can see Edward jumping up and down happy. “We’re winning, come on auntie, pick up speed.” Edward tries to stand. Stephan’s arms move to hold him. Their movement or something on the slick surface causes them to veer off course quickly. They’re heading for a tree! Stephan’s eyes widen, he knows it too. If they hit the tree, Edward is going to be seriously hurt. I struggle to veer my sled, hoping to knock them out of the way as Stephan is curling his body around Edward’s to roll them off. His legs are awkwardly positioned and he can’t seem to roll off. Adrenaline pumps through me. Springing from the sled, I realize in mid-air, I’m not close enough. I stretch myself, desperate to move them out of the way. Heat courses through me. I’m sweating. A surge of energy pulses throughout my body as if I just touched exposed electrical wires. Falling face forward into the snow, I hear the crash. Scrambling to my feet, Stephan is crumpled at the base of the tree. Edward is three feet in front of me crying, thank God. Stephan must have thrown him. Lifting him, he appears unharmed. Moving over to Stephan, he’s unconscious. Grabbing his arm, his pulse is erratic, but he’s breathing. From his position, his head couldn’t have hit the tree.
Edward grabs his jacket. “Daddy, wake up, please!” His frightened eyes meet mine. “Auntie what’s wrong with daddy?”
“He’ll be fine, don’t worry, he just got caught by surprise, he’ll wake up soon.” Whipping the phone out of my pocket, I speak quickly. “Andrew, I need you to come back, we had an accident and Stephan is hurt.” I hear the wind swishing in the background before I even hung up.
“Hugging Edward to my chest, trying to reassure him, I look into Stephan’s eyes, cover him with my jacket and monitor his pulse until Andrew reaches us. Thankfully he’s quick. Andrew’s hands are all over him, healing him. After what seems like forever, Stephan opens his eyes, looking around frantically. His features calm as he sees Edward wriggling out of my arms. He throws himself at Stephan who winces in pain before clamping down his lips so as not to frighten Edward. “Daddy you’re alright!”
Stephan struggles, putting his arm around Edward while Andrew braces his other arm that appears broken. “Are you alright? Are you injured?” His eyes scan Edward carefully now.
“I didn’t hit the tree. I got pushed into the snow.”
Stephan’s features turn confused. “I was holding you. How did you jump off the sled?”
“I didn’t, auntie pushed me off.”
I can tell he’s stunned at this revelation and so am I.
Andrew interjects. “We should get you to the hospital. Your arm is broken and I suspect you cracked some ribs. I pick up Edward and Stephan tries to get up, but Andrew picks him up. “You can’t walk back”
“You can’t carry me all the way back.”
“I will be fine.” Andrew turns to me. “Will you be alright to get Edward back? I want to get him to the hospital.” From his tone, I know he feels the need to move quickly. Maybe Stephan has more injuries than we knew.
“Go ahead. We’ll go stay with Marie.” He disappears. Tears roll down Edward’s cheeks. “It’s alright, daddy will be fine. Andrew will take him to the hospital and then they’ll fix him up so he can come home.”
“It’s my fault he got hurt. I moved, daddy was trying to hold me still and then…” He sobs.
Holding him tighter, “Sweetie, it was an accident. He’ll be fine. You’ll be sledding and playing again very soon.” Kissing his cheek, I gently wipe his tears, repeating the comforting words as we head home.
Marie is frantic. “Are you alright?” Edward jumps into her arms.
“I’m fine, but daddy got hurt.”
“I know. Are you hurt anywhere?”
“No. Auntie pushed me off the sled.”
She hugs me with her free hand. “Thank you”
Stephanie is crying upstairs. The twins are playing so I get Stephanie. Marie is still crying when I come down. After grabbing a bottle, I spot some dvd’s near the television and whisper to Edward. “Which one is your favorite?” Popping in the one he points to, “Can you watch this while I talk to mommy? She needs you to be the man of the house, she’s nervous about daddy. We need to assure her that he will be fine.”
Taking Marie and Stephanie into the kitchen, Marie paces wildly. “How badly was he hurt? I shouldn’t have let them go sledding down the big hill. I should have never promised Edward, if you hadn’t pushed him off.” Her hands fly to his face.
“It was an accident. Edward is fine and Stephan will be fine. Andrew thought he broke his arm and may have injured some ribs, but those will heal. Please go back into the living room and sit with Edward. He needs you calm. You need to reassure him that everything is fine.”
“You’re right. He must be a wreck after seeing that.”
“He was worried, but we talked. If you appear calm, he’ll feel better.”
Edward crawls into her lap, hugging her, asking her if Stephan will be alright.
“Daddy’s fine honey and will be home soon.” She strokes his hair as his eyes return to the television.
After an hour, my telephone rings. “Is everything alright?”
“Everything is fine. They are just finishing casting the arm and we’ll be back soon.”
“What about the ribs?”
“The doctors are amazed that his ribs are only fractured considering the impact. He has an excessive pooling of blood, but they drained that and will give him a prescription to ensure that no infection sets in. Is Edward doing alright?”
“He’s fine and will be happy to hear his father is coming home. The twins rustle and Stephanie has fallen asleep. “I’ll see you when you get here.”
Coming through the door, Stephan looks spent. Relief washes over Marie and Edward’s faces. Andrew helps him to the bedroom. The twins have fallen asleep in the playpen, Edward is yawning and I take Stephanie from Marie’s arms so she can be with Stephan.
After feeding Stephanie, I head upstairs. Andrew is reading to Edward who is curled up in his arms. He looks so comfortable and natural next to Edward. I can see him doing this with the twins as they grow. 
I head to Stephan’s room to see if he and Marie need anything. Standing in the archway, Stephan is in bed alone. “Where’s Marie?”
“She went downstairs to get some water and my medication.”
“How are you feeling?”
I sit beside him. “I’m relieved. I don’t know how you managed to knock Edward from my grasp, but thank you.”
“Are you sure you didn’t throw him off the sled, I thought I fell short.”
“I didn’t. I was trying to wrap myself around him so that we could roll off the sled, but when I figured I wasn’t in a good enough position, I wasn’t sure I could throw him, so I wrapped myself around him. I felt something hit me, but I thought it was my imagination that’s why I was frantic when I woke up, I thought he got ejected and hit the tree head on.”
Marie comes in so I rise. “I’ll let you get some sleep.” Turning to Marie, “If it’s alright with you Andrew and I will stay on the couches so you can sleep too. We can take care of Stephanie and Andrew is putting Edward to sleep.”
“Do you mind staying?”
“Not at all; get some rest.”
The twins are still sleeping. I call over to Martin to let him know what happened and ask if I can drop the twins there in the morning so they could visit before we head home. Andrew wraps his arms around me. “Edward is a wonderful little boy.”
“I’m just glad he’s alright. I still don’t know how he got off the sled.”
“What do you mean?”
Turning into his embrace, “Edward says he didn’t jump off, Stephen claims he was gripping Edward to him to protect him and doesn’t know how I knocked Edward out of his grip, but I know that I fell short. I tried desperately to compel myself forward, but fell face down into the snow.”
“Maybe you made it without realizing it and then hit the snow.”
“I didn’t. I felt a surge of energy and tried to use it to compel myself, but I fell short. I’m sure of it.”
Andrew leads me over to the couch, takes out his telephone, and recounts the story to someone. “Thank you, I’m sorry to disturb you so late. I’m glad you got home alright.” He hangs up and looks at me as a smile crosses his lips.
“So are you going to tell me who you were talking to?”
He kisses my neck gently, causing my pulse to race wildly, distracting me. Pulling away from him, “What do you think you know?”
Smiling widely, “I think you can tell me who I was talking too, if you concentrate.” He strokes my pendant.
Rolling my eyes at him, “You spoke with Emma. What did she tell you?”
“She confirmed that you are absolutely remarkable.”
Hitting him in the shoulder, “Stop being a tease, what did she say?”
Brining me closer, he whispers. “In your panic, as you reached for Edward and knew you would not make it, you must have drawn upon the energy around you and as it combined with your adrenaline, although it didn’t compel you forward, it compelled an energy burst at Edward knocking him off the sled.” My facial expression must reveal my confusion. “Do you remember how Reginald levitated blocks for the twins?”
“Yes, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“Reginald did that by drawing upon the energy around him to cause the blocks to float. In your need to reach Edward, you used the energy around you to try and compel yourself to him, when you couldn’t reach him, the surge of energy you felt move through you is the energy you were gathering around you, it expelled forward compelling Edward off the sled and in doing so, you probably even caused the sled to shift so that Stephan didn’t hit it head on.”
I stare at him, my mouth agape, shaking my head. “That’s not possible, is it?”
“Emma says it is. She said if you want to test your power to do this, try moving something small by concentrating on manipulating the energy around it. She did warn me that it is very draining.”
“She has to be wrong then, because I didn’t feel drained when I was walking back with Edward.”
“Mia, you may have been so anxious about Stephan and getting Edward back to Marie that your body was working on adrenaline. By the time you calmed down your body could have returned to normal, similar to when I advance someone’s healing.”
I shake my head, still not believing it is possible. “I’m just glad he wasn’t on the sled. When I heard the impact, my heart stopped.”
“Well he’s fine upstairs in his bed. Have you had a chance to eat, you need to keep up your strength.” 
“No, but I’m fine.”
He rises. “Your body has gone through enough stress and it is still recovering, you need to take care of yourself and you need to eat.”
After eating a sandwich, we go back into the living room and I curl into Andrew’s cool chest. Stephanie’s crying wakes me. She’s in the kitchen. Andrew is feeding her. “Try to rest, I have this under control.” Still feeling drained, I curl up on the couch. Flicking on the news I slowly drift as the anchor reports on a horrific school bus accident injuring fifteen students, three critically.
Waking early, Andrew is beside me. “Good morning, are you feeling rested?”
“Yes and I’m seeing things clearly as well.”
He stares at me questioningly, but Edward comes down rubbing his eyes and sits between us. “Mom and dad are still sleeping, can I sit with you?”
“Absolutely, how did you sleep?”
“I dreamt about the train in the story Andrew read to me. I have one just like it. Would you like to see it?”
“Sure.” Rising, I follow him to his toy box.
The rest of the morning goes smoothly. Andrew helps Stephan get cleaned up and comfortable on the couch. Marie calls work to tell them what happened and takes a few days off as I take care of Stephanie and the twins with Edward’s help. Around nine, Andrew takes the twins over to Martin’s so they could visit before our evening flight home. We really are going home, all of us. It took a near tragedy to open my eyes.
Andrew returns with a tall blonde haired gentleman with a pale complexion. Smiling, I wonder what he’s up to now. Winking at me, he heads over to Stephan and Marie. “Stephan, this is a friend of mine, Ryan. He’s coming to work at Sanctuary in a few weeks, but when I met with him to go over the paperwork, we began talking about what happened and he volunteered to come and help you during your recuperation. He is a wonderful physical therapist and loves children. He can help you recuperate and help watch the children until you get back into a normal routine.”
Stephan’s eyes shift to me, but I shrug. He turns to Andrew. “You don’t have to do this, we can work this out. I don’t want you to be short staffed and considering…”
Andrew raises his hand. “You and Marie are family now and we take care of our family. You need to recuperate.” Wrapping his hands around my waist and putting his chin on my shoulder, “I’m sure Mia would be terribly upset if you couldn’t make the wedding, so why don’t you let us do this for you. We won’t be short staffed.”
He turns to Ryan. “Are you sure you want to spend your time off this way?”
“Absolutely, Andrew helped me when I was injured. I’m sure we can have you up and playing with this guy in no time.” He ruffles Edward’s hair.
“Let us make it worth your while.”
Ryan raises his hand. “It’s already been taken care of.”
Stephan starts to object, but Andrew shakes his head then turns to Marie. “Do you mind if I show Ryan where everything is?”
She hugs him. “Thank you so much.”
I spend the rest of the afternoon with them while Andrew returns with Ryan to help him pack.
As Andrew and I return to Martin’s, I have to inquire, “How long has Ryan been watching them?” By the way he laughs, I know I’m right.
“Since the night I ran you all around town. I didn’t think we had anything to worry about, but I wasn’t taking any chances, you had already lost far too much.”
Sliding across the seat, I take his hand, kissing it tenderly as a thought strikes me. “Who’s watching my father?”
He laughs. “A friend of ours, James, he is very grateful for the opportunity. He has always been in research and development and finds working with your father fascinating.”
“Thank you for always watching out for me and my family.”
“I told you, I will always do whatever I can to protect you.”
“I know. That’s why we are all going home to stay. You’re right. I panicked. I know bad things can happen even without surreal interference. I also know you and your family love them as much as I do and will do whatever it takes to ensure that they are cared for, protected, and loved.”
“You’re really sure?” He can’t hide his elation.
“I won’t allow my fears to deprive the twins from growing up with an extended family that loves them. Besides, Stephan and Marie are making a good life for their family, I know that they would love Nicholas and Kayla, but it would make things so much more complicated.”
Smiling, he draws my hand to his lips, kissing it softly. “It will be fine. We will make sure they grow up happy, healthy, and loved.”
We fly home happy. The circus that plagued my stomach on the trip here remains in the airport’s departure terminal.
Jackson greets us in the parking lot. It snowed and is quite slippery. As he lifts Kayla, I hear him whisper as he hugs her tightly. “It looks like I’ll get to teach you how to drive the red Ferrari after all.”
We settle back into our routine. I even begin feeling a little more like myself, despite the horrific nightmares which star in my dreams. Even though the images are crystal clear making me feel as if I’m back reliving my darkest hours, waking with Andrew holding me tightly and wiping my tears is reassuring.
Although I convince Andrew to return to his schedule, he returns at lunchtime to help me feed the twins. I know it’s his subtle way of helping me avoid another panic attack especially after catching me on several occasions trying to calm my anxiety ridden heart when I would try to go too long without seeing him. Rationally, I understand everything I was told about what happened to me, but there is another part of me that just can’t let go of the fear that when I open my eyes I will be in the other reality, devoid of Andrew, the twins, and love.
After convincing Eva that I can leave the twins in the suite without becoming over anxious, she finally allows me to return to work on a part time basis. With each passing day, I feel closer to my old self, the one who was finally becoming comfortable in her skin and with her profession, but at night, the fear, desolation, and dark images refuse to let me progress. Despite going to sleep in his arms and waking with him stroking my cheek reassuringly, each night, the visions of Jonathan and Daniela torturing him and what could have happened if I lost the challenge will not leave me and in some ways are getting worse.
As the pull of my nightmares strengthen, I begin fighting against going to sleep, fearing becoming trapped within them. As exhaustion overpowers me, my ability to compel myself from the nightmares becomes more difficult. When I can’t fight sleep any longer, I am forced to witness Jonathan grabbing Andrew and dragging him into the deepest part of the cave, Andrew is suspended over the flaming pits while fiery creatures fight to tear at his skin. Jumping at the image, I push him aside. My eyes flutter open, but I am alone. Getting up, I’m not in my room. Walking toward the door, I move the handle but it will not open. Pounding on it, a strange voice yells at me. “Lights out Mia, go to sleep or I’ll have to call to have them medicate you again.” Looking around, there is a bed and small desk bolted to the floor. I scream, falling to the floor.
Shaking violently and drenched from the cold sweats, Andrew awakens me. I can barely focus on the room around me or him, I fight to calm my breathing and stop shaking. He lifts me. In the bathroom, he runs the water. Taking deep breaths, I smell the foaming lavender crystals. He gives me a private moment. My breathing finally slows and my body calms enough so I can undress. Once surrounded by layers of bubbles, he returns and sits on a little stool next to me. “Can you talk about it?”
“I can’t seem to escape dreaming about Jonathan and Daniela. I seem to be alright in the day feeling more like myself, but my subconscious will not allow me to move forward. I want to leave it behind and forge ahead with you, the twins and our life, but each night, the feeling of desolation and fear of watching you, Jackson and my sister being tortured or turning to ash becomes so vivid, so real, I feel as if I’m being dragged back there.”
Andrew wipes away my overwhelming tears and speaks soothingly. “Do you think the dream hasn’t left you because it is trying to tell you something?”
Trying to look at it dispassionately, I can’t see what it could possibly be telling me. “Tonight it was different. I went deeper into the cave. I didn’t do that when I was there. The fiery creatures were grabbing at you tonight too. What could it mean other than my fear of losing you there?”
“I’m not sure, but because your dreams have helped reveal things to you in the past, I spoke to Reginald and asked him if it could be more than just a post-traumatic stress situation.”
“What did he say?”
“He believes you observed or heard something important without even realizing it and that your dream repeats itself trying to push through to the details which need to reveal themselves.” There’s something in his tone.
“What aren’t you telling me?”
He clears his throat glances at me and my surroundings before speaking softly. “Maybe we should talk about this after you are out of the tub.”
A feeling of uneasiness creeps up my spine. “I’ll be right out.”
He leaves and a moment later, I’m at his side. “What is it?”
He grasps my hands. “Reginald said that you could be sensitive to the energy resonating around Daniela.”
Staring at him, I couldn’t have heard him right. “What did you say?”
He runs his thumb over my knuckles gently. “Don’t panic, please. After Daniela pushed you off the gorge, she collapsed and has not regained consciousness since.”
“She’s here!” I hear my own hysteria which wakes Nicholas. Rising to get him, my breathing is so erratic I’m lightheaded and fall back. Andrew gets Nicholas and places his arms around us both.
When Nicolas’ eyes close again, Andrew returns him to the crib and sits by me, gently rubbing my back.
Turning to face him, “Andrew, she’s dangerous, she wanted to kill you! Why would you keep her here?”
“At first, we needed to keep you together because we didn’t know if the two of you were connected in a way that would cause you to be trapped or hurt if we removed her. Then you woke up, but she remains unconscious and we can’t say why. Emma and the others are confident that the demon was cast out of her the moment she threw you down the gorge and that she is no longer bewitched, but still there is no sign of her regaining consciousness.”
“Where is she?”
“We have her in the restricted building under twenty-four hour a day monitoring.”
I gasp and he takes my hands. “Mia, she is not a danger to you, I promise. Do you think I would let her stay here even for a second if I thought she could pose any further danger to you?”
“No, I know you wouldn’t.” Still there is something he is hedging on. “What’s the matter?”
“If I asked you to come and see her, would you?”
Why would he ask me to see her? Am I ready to see her? Knowing what seeing Jason did to me, would seeing her, even unconscious, send me reeling further? If I black out, will I be able to wake up or would whatever is making her remain in stasis grab hold of me too?
Andrew interrupts my internal debate. “I know I’m asking a lot considering she was the catalyst for what happened, but it wasn’t the girl who is lying in a coma that pushed you. I’m hoping that seeing that she can’t harm you in her current state may stop your nightmares if they aren’t trying to tell you anything.”
Knowing Andrew would never put me in harm’s way, I try to push past my fear to consider whether seeing her may dispel my nightmares.
His cool hands gently cup my face and he kisses me tenderly changing my anxiety ridden heart to desire driven.
“What was that for?” I inquire breathlessly.
“I needed to stop your oncoming attack. You did say being with me drives away the nightmarish images.” He moves his hands to hold mine and stares into my eyes. “I wouldn’t ask you to do this if there wasn’t a possibility that it could help you. Reginald assures me that there is no danger to you.”
Staring into his confident eyes, they don’t reflect even the slightest modicum of concern and give me the confidence to summon the necessary courage. “Alright, when should we do this?”
“Let me make two phone calls and we can go in a few minutes.” A moment later Gabriel is at the door, concern resonating in his eyes. As he helps me with my coat, Andrew excuses himself. I begin pacing as the uneasiness of his absence creeps into my heart.
Gabriel stops me mid-step. “She can’t harm you. Any connection between the two of you was broken the moment that you came back.” His tone reflects his confident features.
“But what if she can affect me in my sleep?”
“No, Reginald and the others assured us that there is no possibility that something like that could happen. I read all of them as they assured us that it takes much more than sleep for there to even be the remotest possibility to grab hold of someone of your caliber. If I got any indication from any of them that there is even the remotest chance of that, we would have removed her as soon as you woke up. Do you think that after everything you risked for us, we would take chances with you? Andrew loves you and you gave me back my reason for existing, you need to trust that we would never…”
For as sure as he sounds, I have to interrupt, “I’m worried about you as well. I know you believe what you were told and I’m not saying they’re lying; it’s just that this realm is unpredictable, adapts and changes to gain any possible advantage over us. When I was there, she fooled the others into believing she had changed. Maybe that’s why I’m dreaming, because she is still a danger and fooling you. Maybe you’re in danger!” Panic overtakes me as this thought seeps into my consciousness.
He’s shaking his head. “That can’t be the reason. She wasn’t fooling anyone. Mia remember what truly surrounded you. You must be dreaming for another reason.”
I can’t believe that I missed this concept. Before I can contemplate it further, Andrew returns. “Are you ready?”
My body shudders. “Are you sure it’s alright?”
He takes my hand. “I’m absolutely sure. I won’t leave your side. You are safe, I promise.” We walk down to the restricted building. He holds my gloved hand and speaks reassuringly, trying to quell the turbulent storm now raging throughout my being causing me to shake from more than the cold.
Entering the building, Reginald is waiting for us at the base of the stairs. “Can I have a few moments with her?” He inquires looking at Andrew.
“I promised I wouldn’t leave her side. This is taxing enough.”
Reginald’s face turns very serious. “Then I need you to release your negative energy concerning this as well. I know that you are both quite nervous, but I assure you that there is no danger.” Then he focuses on me. “I know you don’t know me well, but you trusted yourself enough to jump into my arms once, I need you to trust me now. Before going into her room, take a few moments to release your fears, only then will this meeting reveal anything to you. The first encounter is the most productive. If you enter with preconceived notions or fear, you will learn nothing because any revelations will be tainted.”
“I don’t understand. I thought I was coming here to see that she is incapacitated and can’t hurt me? Andrew told me that my dreams may be because I feel her here.”
“That’s true, but your dream could be trying to reveal to you a hidden observation? Seeing her may release your fears surrounding her and unlock any unconscious observations.” His eyes are raging with curiosity.
“Reginald, what makes you think that she is no longer a danger to me or my family?”
A smile crosses his face. “You really have no idea how strong you are, do you?”
I shake my head. “Everyone keeps telling me that, but I don’t feel strong, I never have. Just look at what happened to me, not only now, but that night in the woods. I was fooled and a young man died. If it wasn’t for the way the St. Clouds all came to my rescue, I would have been snapped like a twig. I have been tossed down a gorge and then bewitched. So how can you stand there and even remotely tell me that I’m strong! I’m not!”
He moves toward the couch. “Please sit down. Physically you are limited by your mortality, but your aura and ability to see the reality of what is actually before you and decipher occurrences in your dreams are very strong. If you were not as strong as I believe, you would not have had any chance of seeing through what was happening to you, to doubt your surroundings when you were bewitched or to grab hold of me over the image of Andrew.” He stares into my eyes as if trying to decipher whether I am following what he is saying.
“Doesn’t my being bewitched in the first place mean that I’m not strong at all and can be easily manipulated?”
“No, you are limiting your perception of the situation by looking strictly through mortal eyes. Considering all that you have seen and all that has come to you, you should realize that you are strong. You trusted your observations enough to compel the St. Clouds to tell you who they are and then you trusted the good in Nicholas to make Andrew whole again and finally release the family. That would have never been possible if your eyes truly weren’t open and your ability to love and forgive didn’t win Nicholas over. You need to understand that it isn’t an ordinary witch who entranced you. She linked herself to a demon. Even then, you had to be dying and she had to be in your line to accomplish the task. After what I was told happened to your nephew in Minnesota, I also believe you are able to utilize the energy within yourself to manipulate things.”
“I didn’t touch him. I don’t think it was me, not really.”
“You didn’t have to touch him. You utilized the energy around you to knock him out of harm’s way. I have to ask, did you ever consider that your need to go to Minnesota was because the event with your nephew was going to occur and not the reason you originally thought, especially considering that Andrew tried to urge you to wait and you felt compelled to go right then.”
I can’t believe I’m actually considering if it’s possible.
“Mia, as you embrace and develop your abilities, you will become stronger. Right now, you are still fighting the possibility. I need to warn you, as long as you continue fighting yourself, you will never be able to develop to your full potential and you will leave yourself susceptible. I have seen many a good witch and good vampire lost because they fight who they are and allow their limited understanding of their powers to frustrate them. Those who fight against themselves have no self confidence in what they can achieve and are susceptible to manipulation. The darkness plays upon that self-doubt. Just think about how you were affected by those around you growing up. You have accomplished so much already and are capable of so much more. I know this is a lot to take on, but you can come into your own if you embrace confidence in the potential that this power can bring to your life and are patient in developing it.”
He pauses, lost in some thought. He reaches over to me. “Mia, I know sometimes you feel weak, especially after what has happened, but you’re not. It will take time for you to gain confidence and see what you are capable of. Don’t become impatient, that too causes those who are good to be tempted by the darkness. Sometimes calling upon that which is positive takes longer, the effects of doing good are not always readily apparent, while the effects of thrusting someone into devastation are revealed forthright.”
He stops again. “Mia, I’m not telling you this to frighten you, but I see how afraid you are now and know that you do not feel strong enough to deal with the powers that surround you, but you’re wrong. You have never given yourself enough credit. You believe you draw strength from Andrew, but you are strong within yourself. I only tell you this because I would hate to see another friend suffer if you are tempted by fear to go down the wrong path.”
“But I would never choose the darkness.”
“That is not entirely true, think about what game you were manipulated into playing because you feared Andrew was suffering. Did you even consider trying to determine if there were any alternatives before you committed yourself to going and trying to save him, despite believing that you would lose anyway? From your story, as soon as you thought that he was suffering because he tried to save you, you were committed to doing whatever they asked of you. I’m not saying that you chose the dark path because I know that your motives were guided by good intentions and love, but think about if you had lost, you would be held in the darkness for all eternity. While there, if you believed that they were torturing him or that he was suffering, would you have done anything to spare him additional pain? I have seen how fear can manipulate someone into committing acts that they would have never even rationally considered. The dark side usually wins through this type of manipulation. Didn’t Emma ever tell you how she lost her daughter to the darkness?”
“She did, but I don’t understand how that relates to me?”
“Abigail didn’t have the strong powers her siblings displayed early on. She would have come into her own, but she constantly compared her abilities to those around her. Her fear of not measuring up made her ripe for being manipulated by the darkness. A dark wizard showed her how to use the dark arts. She saw immediately the results of her destruction and felt powerful, powerful enough to even challenge her parents who were trying to drag her back to the course of right. The darkness, once it had hopes of winning her, would not leave her alone, they used her fear of becoming weak again to manipulate her. They convinced her to allow the demon into her life and to utilize the powers he gave her to manipulate Nicholas, making her believe this would empower her further. With the demon’s help, she was virtually unstoppable, but it wasn’t her power, it was his. When the demon left her for a brief time, to reinvigorate his power which wanes on this plane, she was captured and destroyed. I do not want to see something like that happen to you. Fear is fear no matter what way it rears its ugly head. The more you face your fear and dispel it, the stronger you will become. You may also realize that sometimes it is not what you fear that hurts you most, it’s your reaction in response to fear that can cause you to suffer. Once you realize this, you can focus even in the worst type of situations, and consider alternatives before committing to a course of action.” He stops, takes my hands and stares intently into my eyes. “I know that you fear seeing Daniela, she cannot harm you, but seeing her may give you some answers as to why the dream will not let you go. Dispel your fear. Open yourself up to the possibilities of what this encounter can tell you.”
Taking in a deep breath, I repeat a new mantra. She is not a threat. “Reginald, would you mind coming in with us?”
He smiles. “That’s why I’m here. Although there’s no danger, I know it will make Andrew feel better and hopefully you too. Besides, I try very hard to collect all the information I can to share with others.”
Rising, we ascend the stairs. As my shaking hand reaches for the door, Andrew takes my other one, gently gliding his thumb over my knuckles. Closing my eyes, I push down the fear and push open the door, assuring myself that nothing will happen as long as I hold on to him. Stepping through, my eyes meet those of a woman who I recognize from the cabin. The machinery monitoring Daniela’s vital signs hum, I glance toward them while moving myself closer to the bed. Looking down at her, she doesn’t appear restful like most coma patients. Anguish engulfs her features. Despite what has transpired, I am moved by her torturous features. Moving closer, a translucent image sits up with her hands stretching out towards me. “Please help me, I can’t hold on much longer!” Freezing in place, my eyes fixate on the image now on top of me. I hear myself gasp before everything goes black.
Darkness engulfs me, but my consciousness registers the commotion around me. For some reason, I don’t feel threatened. Andrew’s arms are holding me tightly to his chest as he argues with Reginald. My mind tunes out their words, instead focusing on the image of Daniela forming again in the darkness. I am devoid of emotion and am instead a detached observer viewing it all in slow motion. My eyes are drawn to the monitors. Her vitals appear strong. Her heartbeat is a little erratic but otherwise her heart and brain functions are well within normal range. Her pulse is steady, temperature normal, and oxygen level is perfect. It is unlikely that anything physical is causing her coma. My eyes shift to her face, when all of a sudden I’m floating above her. Something is distorting her features. It’s a semi-transparent overlay of another person or maybe even persons. Staring down, the transparent features are definitely the anguished ones. Staring, the features keep shifting and appear disjointed. There is definitely more than one. Beyond those images is a girl whose features appear peaceful. I am descending and standing next to the bed again and watching as one of the translucent figures rise. As it does, I understand what caused me to black out. The tortured features before me are my own!
The figure fades. I am thrust back into darkness. Andrew’s voice is a roar. “I trusted you. You said she wouldn’t be in any danger!”
Reginald’s retort is clear and confident. “She is fine, I assure you. Her mind must be processing what she saw. Nothing has a hold on her. You need to relax. Just allow her mind to process what it needs to. She will open her eyes. She is new to all of this. Her mind needs peace to process things. She needs to feel protected within herself, but I promise you, she can feel you, she knows you are here, and she is not in any type of danger.”
Andrew strokes my cheek. His lips are at my ear. “Mia, everything is alright, I’m here, please open your eyes, you’re safe.” I squeeze his hand hoping to assure him that what Reginald told him is true, but an image is forming in the distance. Something tells me it’s important. Andrew’s voice is pleading. “If you can hear me, squeeze my hand again.” I do, just before my mind forges forward, once again I enter Daniela’s bathroom. Daniela stands with her back towards me. She is alone, but talks as if there is someone with her. Her strange tone shifts from one lilt to another. The image disappears and my eyes flutter open. I am on the couch in the foyer. I’m surprised I didn’t feel Andrew moving me here since my body registered other things going on around me.
Andrew’s eyes change from concerned to relieved, “How are you feeling? Can you tell me what happened?”
“I’m fine. I’m sorry for worrying you.” I stroke his glorious cheek. “I don’t know exactly what happened, but I did feel you holding me and I wasn’t afraid. I could even hear you arguing.”
He draws me into his chest. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize the stress of seeing her would cause you to black out. I thought it would help to see that she couldn’t do anything to you.”
I move back from him so Reginald can hear too. “It wasn’t seeing Daniela that caused me to black out, it was…” I stop, unsure of how to tell him what I saw without his thinking I am envisioning things. Remembering how he thought Jackson was crazy for seeing Jonathan down in Brazil and knowing that I never explained to him what I told Emma and Victor about my dream, I can’t seem to find the right words.
“Mia, please tell me what caused you to black out.” He inquires anxiously.
“You’ll think I’m seeing things like Jackson.”
Running his knuckles down my jawline, “I won’t. I was wrong to discount what Jackson told me. I promise you I will believe anything you tell me.”
My eyes shift to Reginald who’s listening intently for my answer. “Daniela’s features appeared tortured. Moving closer, I saw a translucent version of myself reaching out and saying that I couldn’t hold on much longer, but I didn’t realize that was what I saw until I blacked out and it began replaying in my mind in slow motion.
I heard you and Reginald arguing as the image faded and I touched your hand, but a new image began forming.”
Reginald interrupts. “What was the new image?”
“That’s the strange part. It was an image I saw before in a dream of Daniela’s home when I saw her and a vampire in the bathroom, but this time the vampire was missing and Daniela’s voice was changing from the one that I heard in the dream to another voice and back again. It just doesn’t make any sense.”
Reginald’s curiosity rages. “Do you remember anything else?”
Closing my eyes, I try and focus, but nothing seems important. “I remember seeing the hospital equipment, with everything registering that she shouldn’t be in the coma, but nothing more. None of it makes sense.”
Reginald kneels next to me. “It may not make sense to you now, but give it time. A broader understanding will come.”
As I try to get up, my head spins. Andrew catches me as I fall sideways. “Lay back, I’ll get you a cold drink.
Reginald shifts back on his heels. “You will feel tired for a while. These episodes are draining, but as you become stronger and more attune, the episodes become shorter and so does the recovery time.”
“But what I saw doesn’t make sense, how could I see myself coming from her?” I panic as what it could mean hits me. “Could some part of me still be trapped there?” He shakes his head. “Could I have seen my sister?”
Reginald reaches across to stop my wringing hands. “Take it easy. Neither you nor your sister is held in that realm. What you saw has some other meaning. You need to concentrate on all the images. They are connected or you would not have seen them together. Try to discern any connections between the images and any differences. We can go over them step by step in the morning, after you have had a chance to rest. I’m sure that your mind is putting together the connections, even if it doesn’t feel that way right now. Unfortunately that means that the dreams you have been experiencing won’t let go and may even change to help reveal the meaning of the message.”
Andrew returns with some apple juice. “Drink this and then I’ll get you back to the residency. I’m so sorry I put you through this.” He sits next to me.
After taking a sip, I put my hand on his cheek hoping to calm his anxious features. “You didn’t put me through anything. You are helping me. The more I know the easier it will be to figure out what is going on around me so don’t worry. Even when I zoned out, I could still feel you and I knew I had nothing to fear.”
 His hand slips under my knees to lift me. “Would you mind if we walked back? I could really use the air to clear my head.”
“The temperature has dropped another five degrees so bundle up.” The air clears the cobwebs of my mind. As we walk, the scenes run clearer in my head. Gabriel is exiting the twins’ room and turns to Andrew. “How did it go?” Before Andrew can answer, Gabriel’s head whips around toward me. “What is that?”
“Weird isn’t it! I’m glad you could see it, when I first saw it, I felt as if I was going crazy.”
“I can see why, that is quite an image, she almost looks exactly like you.”
“What do you mean almost?”
“Her eye color is different. They are violet blue, while yours are hazel.”
I stare at him as the image flashes before me again. He is correct. “Gabriel, if I concentrate on the images I saw tonight, can you tell me what you observe?”
He moves toward the couch. Sitting, I close my eyes concentrating on what I saw, nothing else, hoping he can come up with some conclusions. My opening eyes meet his surprised features. “I see why your mind needed to slow everything down. Although I can’t tell exactly what’s going on, I wonder if the images covering Daniela and the multiple voices are indicating some sort of multiple personality disorder or possibly multiple possessions.” He turns to Andrew, “Do we know if something like that is even possible.”
Listening to him, I realize how helpful his gift could be, considering how long he has been dealing with a world I easily dismiss whenever I look into Andrew’s eyes.
Andrew stares at Gabriel. “I can’t imagine that multiple possessions are possible? You know how rare a singular possession is. Could it be that what Mia saw has to do with Daniela being bewitched, maybe that’s the translucent figure she is seeing? Maybe she is envisioning the control that the enchantress had over Daniela in the form of the person who is projecting the spell.”
Listening to his questions, something clicks and I respond before Gabriel. “Is it possible that a witch could enchant two people at the same time?”
“I’m not sure. This isn’t really our realm, why did you ask that?”
“I wondered if while Emma’s daughter was bewitching me she was also bewitching Daniela and that’s why I thought I saw my image asking for help, maybe I was seeing her and became confused because we look alike.” My eyes meet their stunned faces and I realize that in my excitement I slipped.
“Mia, how would you know what Emma’s daughter looks like? I thought it was Daniela you were seeing in the alternate reality.” Uneasiness rises within me. Knowing Emma promised not to say anything I could lie and say that she told me, but knowing what a slippery slope that could be and not really wanting to keep secrets from Andrew, I sigh. I’m about to tell him I promised to keep someone’s confidence, but Gabriel interjects.
“I should have known! He never follows the rules.”
Even though I just asked Gabriel for help, I’m surprised. “Please don’t be upset, Emma isn’t. He did it to protect me.” Andrew’s eyes shift between us.
“Who did what?” He sounds exasperated. “No, maybe I should ask what Jackson did now?”
Gabriel responds. “When Mia was lost, he suspected that they were not telling us everything and worried that whatever they were withholding could hurt Mia, so he entered Emma’s dreams. She was dreaming about her and Abigail’s last encounter. I never realized it, but Abigail looks like Mia.”
Andrew paces wildly, talking to himself, and even hearing the revelation. “How careless can he be? He knew we needed their help. How could he risk you like that, didn’t he realize how dangerous it could have been if Emma got upset?”
Moving toward him, I place my hand on his chest as he turns. He stops pacing. “Andrew, Jackson heard them arguing. He knew you were so focused on me that you were unaware that they were holding back information. He did it to protect us. Don’t get upset with him. I assure you, Emma isn’t.”
“But he knows…”
“Andrew, stop. If you were aware and feared there were things going on that you weren’t being told, what would you have done?” He opens his mouth to object and closes it.
His arms wrap tightly around me. “You’re right, I would have done anything I could to protect you.”
“Then don’t start with Jackson because that’s all he was trying to do.”
He takes in a jagged breath. “I know you’re right, it’s just that if Emma got upset, we could have lost you.” He pulls me into his chest, kissing my head.
“I’m right here.”
Gabriel interrupts. “You need to rest. We can speak with Reginald tomorrow.”
Andrew moves toward the bedroom, but I stand stock-still. “You need to rest.”
“Andrew, please I need to ask you something before I fall asleep. It’s important.”
“What’s wrong?”
Butterflies fill my stomach considering that this conversation may reveal an unconscious realization to him. “Do you remember telling me about how you and Nicholas could affect each other and how you came to the realization that the strange sensations you were feeling was Nicholas’ love for Abigail.”
“Yes, but why are you bringing this up now?”
“You told me you saw her.” He looks at me confused as to where I am going with all this. “Why didn’t you tell me I could be her twin?”
“I didn’t see her that way. I never realized that your physical features are similar.” His voice is guileless.
“Andrew, I thought I was staring at myself and I can’t help but think that maybe you fell in love with me because of how much I look like her.” He shakes his head. “Andrew, please don’t discount what I’m saying. Even Emma said that generations of souls connect until an unsettled issue is resolved. Maybe you fell in love with me because Abigail got ripped away from Nicholas while he loved her and your falling in love with me resolves the issue of his lost love.”
Taking my hands, a look crosses his face which I cannot discern. “Mia, you need to understand something, I did see her, but to me she did not look anything like you. I didn’t keep that information from you. I saw the darkness enveloping her which to me overtook her human features.” I could see a determination in his stare as his eyes lock with mine. “Mia, I did not fall in love with you because some unresolved issue needed a conclusion or because you have similar human features to someone Nicholas fell in love with…”
I interrupt. “But Nicholas is a part of you. Maybe the part that forced you to fall in love with me, you have to admit you did fight it when I came here.”
His shaking head falls into his hands. I hear his sigh before he lifts his head onto his raised fingertips. “Mia, Nicholas was not a part of me when I fell in love with you, but even if he had been, I did not fall in love with you because of your physical attributes. I’m not saying that you are not physically beautiful because you are, but that’s not what I see. Your beauty comes from inside, it is what defines your very essence, your pureness of heart, the depth of your soul and the goodness that emanates from your every action. That is what I see when I look at you and I can assure you that no one I have ever met in my many hundreds of years even remotely reflects such beauty and that is why I fought against falling in love with you, to protect you. Your light, your wit, your compassion, your purity of heart makes you beautiful beyond compare and believe me, no one can look like you to me.”
Pulling on his hands, I shift to my knees to kiss him. His lips brush mine sending my palpitating heart into overdrive. As they skim my ear, he whispers in his most sultry voice. “I. love. You. Mia Angelis, not some faint echo of an unresolved lost love, don’t ever doubt that. You are unique, not some recycled reflection of history.”
“I love you too.” I’m breathless. Crawling into his lap, I slowly trace his sculpted abdomen with my fingertips before wrapping my arms around his waist. His lips slowly move down my neck and back again. As desire consumes me, I can barely breathe. He withdraws his lips from mine.
“Come on, you need your rest” He rises.
“Can I ask you one more question first?” He tentatively nods. “Do you think that my looking like Abigail is what swayed Nicholas to do what he did?”
He stands still contemplating before answering. “I don’t. If you’re looking like Abigail would have deterred him, it would have happened when he first went after you. I believe what changed him was the night he returned and your actions saved him. He was different after that, I felt different after that, calmer and more secure. Then with everything you and he shared while you thought I was gone, he saw how truly good you are. You are what set him on his course. Your inner beauty draws people to you. Now, enough questions for tonight, at best you will only have a few hours.
Pulling the comforter from the back of the couch, I snuggle into his side, but my mind begins turning the events in Daniela’s room and intermingling them with the conversations I had with Gabriel and Andrew. Lying there, I try instead to concentrate on the feeling of Andrew’s hand stroking my hair to block the confusing images piercing my waning consciousness. Still awake, I feel Andrew stretching beneath me and hear him winding the turnkey of my music box. My heart races, I haven’t listened to it since my return. What if the keys plunk, distorting the music as they had in my other reality? Holding my breath, he lifts the lid, the soft music pierces through the silence and I drift to sleep. The darkness soon turns into day. A stream flows before me. I drift toward someone. She turns, it’s Daniela. She appears strange and sneers. “So you think you won again, but just look who is suffering. There before her is a blurry image of me, but this time, I know to focus on the eyes. Moving closer, I feel intense heat. Abigail is enshrouded in a dark crimson glow. The image shifts quickly. I am in the forest. Drawing closer to the image before me, I see myself leaning down holding Nicholas’ head as he lay dying. All of a sudden I’m thrust within my own image pleading with him to hold on. His voice turns pleading. “Please help her find peace in a neutral place. I don’t want her to suffer.” I’m kicked out of my image. The scene shifts throwing me into Daniela’s room before her image as she begs me for help and the image shifts once more. Andrew, Jackson and Katrina combust before me, the intensity of the incinerating heat burns my arms. I wake with my own arms crossed. Andrew is nowhere in sight. I hear noise from the twins’ room. Running to the room, Andrew is laying Kayla back in her crib. Hearing my hurried approach, he straightens, holding out his arms, knowing I woke disturbed. I fight to calm myself as he enfolds me in his embrace. I don’t want to wake the twins. When my breathing slows, I move toward the kitchen. Reaching to make myself a cup of coffee, I catch his disapproving look and glance at the clock, it’s only four.
“Could I convince you to go back and sleep?”
“No, the dream will only grab hold of me again.”
“Is it the same or has seeing Daniela caused it to change?”
“It’s changed and Daniela’s images are shifting at a faster rate. Daniela’s image is shifting along with her voices to match her personalities.”
“Can you describe the two types of personalities to me?”
Closing my eyes, I try to discern each one separately. “One is tormented by Nicholas’ change for me. I met her in the nursery. I think his change foreclosed a chance for her to come back on this plane.” Remembering how she stared at me, a connection comes to mind. “Maybe she was hoping to come back through me.”
“What about the other personality?”
I am all too familiar with her. “She is baiting, menacing, and very dark. She was in the cave with Jonathan.”
“Did she shift at all while in the cave?”
“Maybe once when I tried to bait her by using Nicholas’ name, but I’m not sure.”
“Maybe you were dealing with Abigail and the demon who cajoled her.”
“If she could bewitch us both I think it is her, especially since Nicholas begged me to help her find a neutral place.”
Andrew’s expression freezes. “What did you say?” As I recount my dream, I pour myself some coffee.
“You need to eat something.” I reach for a granola bar. “Mia, that’s not enough.”
“It is for now. Can you find Reginald? Maybe he can give us some answers.”
“Why don’t we wait? The twins will be up soon and we should get them settled. I have to speak with Jason anyway, I’m expecting a new patient and I want him to get her settled so we can speak with Reginald together.”
A mischievous look crosses his features. He sweeps me into his arms, whispering in my ear. “I have something I need to do while we wait.” His lips caress my lobe, my neck, stopping at the nape, kissing it tenderly. Desire ignites within every cell, energizing my body as my hands grip his face, bringing it closer to mine, kissing him enthusiastically. Not until I pull away from him to catch my breath do I realize we moved into the bedroom. Is he trying to prove something because of our conversation last night about Abigail? Placing me gently on my feet, his lips are at my ear. “So are you convinced that the real thing won’t pull away when we are getting close?” He laughs as he lets me go.
Slapping his chest, “You are and awful tease, Andrew St. Cloud. I will get you for this.”
“I don’t think so.” He retorts confidently.
“Oh you shouldn’t have said that.” Moving myself closer, I stretch to kiss him. As he wraps his arms around my waist, my hands slip down from his face, my fingertips glide down his neck to the top button of his shirt. Deftly I unbutton each one slowly allowing by fingers to linger, brushing his chest softly. Moving down towards his abdomen, he shivers. His eyes flare with desire. Running my fingertips back up his chest, across his collarbone to his shoulders, I draw back his shirt. Leaning in, I kiss his neck and draw my lips across his broad shoulder. His breathing hitches as my nose skims back across his collar\bone, up his neck to his perfect lips. Before kissing him again, I whisper. “I can get to you too Andrew and one day I may not have the restraint that you do to wait, so don’t tease me unless you are ready to deal with the consequences.”
His arms tightened around me. “You wouldn’t do that.”
Laughing, I know he’s right, but tease him anyway. “You never know.”
Shifting back, he kisses my nose. “You should get changed and so should I. I’ll be back before the twins wake up. He’s gone instantly, leaving me to calm my raging heart.
Andrew returns with Reginald and Gabriel. “I hope you don’t mind that I came too, I thought maybe if you had anything new, we could work together again.”
“Are you kidding, I would love for someone else to see and help me make sense of the images. They are so quick and disjointed, I’m afraid I’m missing something important.”
After reiterating last night’s dream and conversation, Reginald assures me that it’s possible for a very strong witch to enchant two people. He also confirms the possibility that Abigail and the demon attached to her are the personalities involved with myself and Daniela.
“Abigail appeared to be prevalent when I mentioned Nicholas. I think his sacrifice for me disturbs her most. Could it have closed off an opportunity for her to escape where she is now? In my dream, Nicholas pleaded with me to help her.”
“Besides the obvious, was there anything surrounding her that showed you what was torturing her or what neutral place Nicholas wanted you to take her to.”
“I didn’t see anything. The image shifted to Andrew and the others burning. I felt my arms burn. The sensation caused me to wake up before any other images were revealed.”
“Mia…”
Before Reginald speaks another word, Gabriel’s grabs his shoulder, trying to move him. “Can I speak to you outside for a moment?” His features appear serious.
“Please don’t do this. I don’t want to be shielded or left in the dark.”
His eyes shift from me to Andrew. “I have to agree. Too much has happened for any type of secrets or covert conversations.”
Gabriel turns to Reginald. “Do you really think that is a good idea? She’s already been through so much, couldn’t it be dangerous?”
“It’s always dangerous whenever we channel, but I think she feels safe enough around me that the danger would be minimal.”
Andrew’s rising tension mirrors my own. Reginald must feel it too and turns to speak. “Gabriel is upset because I was going to suggest that you allow me to hypnotize you and channel with you in order that I may be able to show you how to manipulate the energy around your images to reveal the rest of the story. Where you are young and this is new, you may still be fighting against the possibilities of what you can do, you may be unconsciously repelling the images which are trying to reveal themselves to you. By my channeling with you, I can ensure that you allow the images to flow through you.”
Andrew interjects. “Why is Gabriel concerned that it would be dangerous, what could it do to Mia?”
Although Andrew asks, Reginald responds directly to me. “Whenever we channel, energy flows between us, where you are mortal and I am for all intents and purposes dead, my energy can interfere with your organs, place a strain upon them while our essences intertwine. I believe that as long as we don’t channel for long, there will be no lasting effects upon you because you’re young, and there didn’t appear to be any lasting effects on your system when I pulled you out. Gabriel is concerned that it would be too draining because you will not have the benefit of the other witches who channeled with me to offset my dead influences.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”
“Mia, my heart doesn’t beat, but Emma’s and her coven’s hearts beat very strongly. They were channeling positive energy through you to combat my channeling with you.”
Andrew interrupts him. “I have to agree with Gabriel, any additional strain on her could be dangerous, she hasn’t fully recovered physically from everything. Maybe we should wait and see if the images reveal themselves.”
“We could do that, but Daniela’s condition is changing, she’s developed tachycardia and her pulse has become quite erratic. It’s possible that whatever is holding her, after feeling Mia’s presence is trying to tell us that we are running out of time. I can’t be absolutely sure, but considering the timing, we have to consider this possibility.”
“How dangerous do you think it is to Daniela if we allow my images to unfold on their own?”
“I can’t say without knowing what is holding her now. From her change overnight, I surmise that whatever it is can affect her well-being, but to what extent, I can’t tell you.”
“But you think the risk to me if we channel is minimal.”
“Yes, but I have never channeled with a witch who is not an immortal.”
“All the more reason, you shouldn’t even consider this.” Andrew responds his tone concerned and maybe angry.
“Andrew wait, he’s only voicing my options.” Turning back to Reginald, “If we were to channel, would you be aware of what’s happening outside of my images as well? Would you be able to hear Andrew?”
“I am strong enough to initially hear what’s going on and then the deeper we get, I could still detect outside dangers to myself.”
“So if Andrew places a monitor on my heart and there are changes, you could pull out if he ordered you too.” 
“Yes, as long as he made me feel threatened.”
“Then let’s do it.”
Andrew grasps my arms, turning me around. “It’s not safe. We can monitor Daniela. Give it a day or two to see what your images reveal naturally before you commit to something like this.”
“I don’t think we can. We’re running out of time, I can feel it.”
Gabriel interjects. “Mia, I don’t think you realize how much your body has already suffered and how much this additional strain can harm you.” He turns to Reginald. “If her body was to be stressed and something happened, could she be trapped in the hypnotic state?”
“No, it’s purely a physical drain. She cannot be caught in that state unless she slips into a coma.”
Andrew’s sapphire eyes are pleading. “You need to wait. Any danger to your well-being is too much at this point.”
Taking his hands, hoping my voice sounds confident and not shaky, “If the danger is minimal and you can monitor me, you can pull us out.” Turning to Reginald, “Would Gabriel be able to watch as things unfold?”
“I believe so. On some level you are conscious, however, I cannot say for sure.”
Andrew moves his hand under my chin, forcing me to look into his concerned eyes. “Is there anything I can say to change your mind?”
“Andrew, it will be alright, and maybe Gabriel can monitor what’s going on and tell you if he thinks that something is too much. I have a feeling that if we wait, something bad is going to happen.” Remembering where I was when I was unconscious, I need to make Andrew understand that we have to do this now. “You said that Daniela is not the one who pushed me down the gorge, and yet she is now lying helpless with only who knows what’s happening to her. I can’t let her suffer any more because of something that was trying to get to me. Look at what the demon did to her entire family just to get her sent here. Besides what if my images just keep shifting like last night and I can never make sense of them, we will be facing a crisis with her.”
His sigh tells me I’ve won my argument. “If you insist on doing this, I want Eva here to monitor you as well. Maybe if Gabriel can’t see what is going on, she can if the state you enter is a dreamlike one.” Turing to Reginald, his features and tone are stern. “If you detect any danger to her at all, I want your word that you will break your connection and pull out.”
Placing his hand on Andrew’s shoulder, “You know better than to even ask, she trusted me when she feared losing everything, I won’t betray her trust or yours. If I get even the slightest indication that she is in trouble, you won’t need to threaten my safety to break the connection, I will do that on my own.”
Taking in a deep breath, “Maybe we should start before I allow anxiety to creep in.” I joke.
“We aren’t doing anything until I get Eva and a monitor.”
Gabriel turns to Reginald. “Maybe we should get the monitor and find Eva.”
Andrew seizes this time to talk some sense in to me. Leading me to the couch, “I wish you’d reconsider. I could help ensure that Daniela stays stable for a few more days and we could see where your images lead without risking your health.”
“I don’t think you can. There is nothing physically for you to heal. That’s why her monitors indicated physically she shouldn’t be in a coma. Andrew, I’ll admit that I’m scared, but I trust Reginald. I know that you do too. He wouldn’t suggest this if it’s too dangerous.”
“You need to understand, Reginald loves gathering information which may interfere with his judgment.”
Although his revelation stirs the already anxious butterflies, my little voice screams that I must maintain my course. “It will be alright.” I just hope it’s my angelic voice who is screaming.
“I just don’t like the idea of you not being in control. When you dream and it becomes too much you’re able to compel yourself awake. You won’t have that ability while you’re channeling with him because he is stronger.” His anxiety creeps into his tone.
“Then I guess the question becomes do you trust him to do the right thing.”
“I trust him, but when it comes to you, I don’t like risking you in any way. I have already made that mistake.”
“That was not your fault, so stop it right now.” His features turn skeptical, but before I can say more, Eva, Gabriel and Reginald enter. From her features, she agrees with Andrew.
I’m surprised when Jackson enters. Putting down the monitor, he picks up the twins. “I’ll take them to their room so you won’t have any distractions. Although if you want to reconsider, I’m sure they would rather play with you.”
Hugging and kissing them, I hand Jackson the blocks. He sighs and takes them to their room. As I hook up the leads, Reginald places a candle on the table and sits across from me. Eva and Gabriel sit at my sides, while Andrew stands behind Reginald. The monitor blips rapidly revealing my anxiety. Looking into Andrew’s glorious and anxious eyes does not help. As mine drop to the candle, he leans over the table and kisses me gently causing the monitor to go wild. He kisses me once more. “To ensure you go in with a strong beating heart. I love you.”
Reginald reaches across the table, “Mia, place your hands upon mine and stare into the candle. Concentrate on the flicker of the flame, the orange, yellow, and red hues. As the flame dances you feel a calmness spreading through you. Tune out everything around you and concentrate only on the beautiful flame which illuminates all darkness.” After a few moments, his voice sounds distant, my mind drifts. “Close your eyes and picture the beautiful light illuminating the darkness before you. You are very safe in the light, it shrouds you like a warm blanket against the cold. Look around. Do you see me?”
I see myself illuminated in a sphere of light turning to his image and answering. “Yes”
We will travel together and hold on to the light. Nothing can harm you in the light, you are perfectly safe. While we are in the light, let your mind wander and float amongst the images which are trying to pierce through your consciousness, they cannot harm you, they cannot touch you, they are just images similar to those that adorn the pages of a picture book, these images are trying to tell you a story, slowly turn the pages and allow the images to lighten the darkness in your mind.”
Blackness lies before us, but there is a shimmer in the distance.
He turns to me. “What do you see?’
“A distant light, but the image is too far.”
“Draw it closer to you. As long as you’re with me in the light, nothing can penetrate your sphere to influence you or harm you in any way.” The image comes closer. Daniela is staring in the mirror again, but this time her image is not blurred by one transparent overlay, her features are enshrouded in two. “Mia, the image cannot harm you. Try to dissect what you see.”
Staring, I see a translucent figure I assume is Abigail along with a dark shadowy figure whose eyes are darker than a black hole and just as desolate.
“Mia, bring the image closer. Concentrate on letting the emotions flow through you knowing that even though you can feel them, they are not your emotions. They will not stay with you or harm you in any way.”
Numbness envelopes me, I feel devoid of all senses except sight. I’m trapped inside my own body. Desolation engulfs me as I fight to force my body to repel the compulsion of my limbs causing the death and destruction of those I love. I watch trapped within myself, helpless to stop myself, and helpless to save them. I cannot even end my own life to stop the carnage of those I love as I descend deeper and deeper into a living hell.
Reginald’s commanding voice rips through the vacuum. “Move from the void that you are now in. Use your other senses and emotions. Project yourself outside of the nothingness. You are strong enough to push past it.”
Concentrating, my mind forges past the desolation to feelings of anguish, regret, and the desperate need to break free from what is holding me. My body is inflamed, the intense heat consuming me as a feeling of hatred beyond anything I ever imagined possible overwhelms my senses. The hatred consuming me is tied to the demon grabbing hold of me. I feel the false sense of power growing within me.
Reginald’s voice booms, “Mia, cast out the hatred, focus on spirit feeling anguish and regret, let everything else go and call this image forward. Let the image come to you from the darkness, it will not touch you and can never harm you, but will reveal to you who it is.”
Compelling my mind forward, the image illuminates the darkness. As it becomes clearer, I feel conflict, rage, desire and anguish all warring within me. Now in focus, I see a pregnant Emma with hands folded across her stomach, pleading with someone, behind me. Turning, doubt, fear, and anger course through me as I look upon my image, knowing it is truly Abigail thrusting her hands forward. With each flick of the wrist, I know I’m imposing pain upon my mother and killing my unborn sibling. The conflicting emotions consume me even though I’m within the light. This situation is too close to my own reality and I can’t escape the crippling anguish gripping my heart. I hear Andrew’s threatening voice commanding Reginald to break it off. Reginald tugs upon me and I’m drifting out of this state. Wrenching my arm from his, he is gone. I compel myself to stay in the light and fight to detach my emotions from those around me, knowing that if I don’t I will be returned to my own reality without getting the answers I risked myself for. My enshrouding light becomes brighter as the image is forced back. Reginald is back by my side.
“You are doing very well. Concentrate on the light. You are safe within it. Try to calm yourself. Once you feel the warmth of the light, call upon the energy surrounding the feeling of Abigail’s regret to compel the image of what led to this to your mind.”
As I do, I see Abigail in a field crying with her hands to her face in the distance. Reginald and I move forward. Her dress is the same cream colonial dress and brown corset she wore fighting with Emma. Beyond, a fight ensues between Andrew and his family. A dark shadowy figure is whispering in Abigail’s ear. I strain to hear, but there is no sound.
 Reginald’s whispers, “You are going to have to step outside of the light and into the mind of Abigail, become one with her to hear him. Her image cannot hold you. Your protectionist light will travel with you in your pendant. To rejoin me, just touch your pendant.”
I fear leaving the light but know his words are important. Hesitating, I step closer to the image and sit inside Abigail. I feel the shadow’s heat, but the voice stuns me, it is that of an angel, musical, soft, and cajoling. “You should have destroyed her and taken her strength, her power.”
“I was wrong. I don’t want to be strong if it means hurting my mother and destroying those I love.” I feel her desperation and her quiet plea, but as she turns to the creature, I gasp. Through her eyes, the creature appears beautiful, adorned in light. “Please help me save them.”
The creature’s arms encircle her. “It’s too late, you have already destroyed them, they are dying because of you and there is nothing more to do, it should be all over soon, but if you had taken their lives right then, you would have also taken their power.” She does not see his sneer as he whispers. “Your family will never forgive you. To escape the abyss, you must join us, help us. Otherwise, your actions will cause you to suffer too. They are lost to you. Help us and you will be powerful here.”
Her features and tone reflect her utter dejection. “Maybe if I beg their forgiveness, I can repair…”
Before she even finishes, the creature speaks. “I told you, I can see that your family is lost to you, your mother is beyond help, she will die and so will the baby. We can help you save yourself and you will be stronger than you could imagine. Do you see those individuals?” He points to the St. Clouds. “We need your help with one of them and in return you will join our family and you never know, if he is pleased with you, maybe the rest of your family could be left in peace, you know how tumultuous these times are, you never know when someone may hint as to your family’s powers and they could be burned at the stake.”
Fear engulfs her as she thinks of her siblings, her father. Rising, she moves toward the St. Clouds. As they hide behind a nearby tree the creature points toward Nicholas. As her eyes lock on to Nicholas, her heart races, her pulse quickens, similar to my own reaction to Andrew and desire unfurls deep within her. As it does, so too does an internal struggle. I’m surprised that I can hear her thoughts as she argues with herself as to how such a man could never even look at her, especially after what she has done.
The creature whispers. “We need help with him.”
“I won’t hurt him. I have already made too many mistakes, hurt too many.”
“All you need to do is make him fall in love with you, have him commit to you, we need for the two of you to be together.”
“He will never fall for me.” She shakes her head.
The creature’s tone turns confident. “You are wrong. Once he sees how powerful you are and what you can do he will be yours, but you must join with me.”
Somehow, Reginald’s voice is in my head. “Mia, I need you to step back into the light.” His tone is urgent so I touch the pendant. Without another movement, I am next to him in the light. “Mia, I need you to concentrate on what happened next and then we must go.”
Closing my eyes, when I open them the image is already crystal clear. Abigail and Nicholas are sitting in the field. He’s trying to comfort her, but his features reveal he’s also absolutely mesmerized by her. Stroking her cheek, I hear his soft voice. “I know you feel as if you lost your family because you were not strong enough to hold them and that your limited abilities make you feel helpless, but you can’t lose hope. Let me help you grab hold of whatever makes you feel like you are not lost or floundering in the wind with someone else deciding your fate. You need to do that to survive, to control your destiny.”
She replies through strangled sobs. “I am trying to do that now. I lost my family, and don’t want to lose anyone else.” She moves forward and as her lips touch his, I am dragged back. Andrew’s cool hand is brushing my cheek.
“Open your eyes, please.” He pleads. My eyes flutter open. I am no longer sitting. Instead, I’m lying down. Andrew is beside me as Gabriel, Eva and Reginald concerned eyes look on.
I’m astounded, my voice breathy. “That was amazing. Why I am lying down? Why are you upset?”
“Mia, why didn’t you come out when I forced Reginald out?” He sounds angry.
“Why are you so upset? I didn’t come out because I hadn’t gotten the answer I went in for and I was fine.”
“No you weren’t. Your heart rate was registering extreme stress and irregular beats which could have led to a heart attack despite my trying to combat it. I could have…”
Sitting up, my head spins wildly, vomit rises in my throat. Hoisting myself up to run to the bathroom, I’m lightheaded and lose my balance. Andrew catches me as I put one hand over my mouth and point to the bathroom. I enter just as my stomach contracts violently. I spew vomit into the commode. Finally I rise. Grabbing the sink, I wash my face and rinse my mouth as Andrew’s arms wrap around my waist to steady me. Turning, I see the stress etched into his features. Brushing his cheek, “I’m sorry I worried you.”
His eyes soften as he wraps his arms around me. “You gave me quite a scare. How are you feeling?”
“Very drained, but Andrew the revelations and images were amazing.” I hear Gabriel arguing with Reginald. Wanting to stop the discontent between them, I move, but my footing is unsteady. Andrew pulls me to his side.
“Help me to the living room. I need to talk to Reginald.”
“You need to rest. You can talk to him tomorrow.” His tone is laced with concern, but this cannot wait.
“We need to sort this out now. Please, nothing can happen by my talking with him.”
Despite the objection in his eyes, he helps me to the living room. Jackson is entering the kitchen. Glancing out the window, I realize it’s the twins’ dinner time. I turn toward the kitchen, but Andrew stops me. “You can barely stand without assistance, let Jackson and Eva do it tonight.”
“I can’t impose like that. I’m here.”
Jackson yells. “You talk. We have this covered. Besides, you’re in no condition to fight me now.” He chuckles, but then groans. Eva must have elbowed him in the ribs.
I turn to Gabriel. “Did you or Eva see what I saw?”
“I did.”
Sitting, I look to Reginald, “How did you show me those images?”
He laughs. “I didn’t show you, you showed me. I only guided you through what you could do.”
My mouth falls open. Shaking my head, “You’re wrong. I never controlled what I saw or switched images to show me things. I couldn’t have done that, not in a million years. That was beyond amazing.”
He shifts in front of me, staring into my eyes. “You did do it all. I only guided you through the process to show you what to concentrate on. I gave you a little boost of power by channeling with you so that you could do it all this time, but with practice, you will be able to do it on your own. You even surprised me by breaking my hold. You’ll be on your own in no time.”
My mouth falls open. He has to be wrong. How could I have ever done anything like that? No matter who did it, I know the images are important and tie into what I saw before and what Nicholas asked me to do. I turn to Andrew, “Do you know what I saw?”
“Yes, Gabriel described everything.” His eyes stare into mine, with what, admiration? “That is quite a remarkable gift. I must admit, if I wasn’t so anxiety ridden over the stress to your body, I would have been stunned at the level of your ability, considering how new you are to this.”
Reginald interjects. “Andrew is right. You are quite impressive for one so young. Do you understand the meaning of what you saw or how to decipher the connections?”
“I can understand some, but I can’t understand how when I was looking through Abigail’s eyes, the shadow appeared beautiful. I thought you said that someone dark got a hold of her.”
“He does belong to the darkness. However, for brief periods of time, especially when they’re trying to tempt someone, they can disguise themselves. What he did to Abigail is similar to what they tried to do to you when one of them was pretending to be Andrew and calling to you.”
“Was Abigail backtracking away from the darkness and considering returning to her family before he convinced her that Emma was dying and her family was lost to her? Then it seems they used her desolation and desire to hold on to someone real to convince her to get close to Nicholas.”
He smiles. “It appears so. The netherworld knew Nicholas was their strongest opportunity to turn this family toward the darkness, if they could have linked the dark side of Andrew to them, they would have won them all.” He turns to Andrew. “From what I could discern, even in that state, the darkness couldn’t be sure of controlling that side of you. They hatched a plan to make you fall in love with someone they could control, a demon they could mask within Abigail. It’s all quite tragic, Abigail wanted to go back and seek her family’s forgiveness, your Nicholas side, despite some of his actions was struggling just to hold on to something that he felt could be his and they were both manipulated by fear. Although your Nicholas side found peace when you became whole, Abigail is still trapped.”
 Thinking about all we could have lost if Nicholas did not fight the darkness and killed me in the woods that evening or let Jonathan take me the afternoon I made an error and almost lost my life near the restricted building, I realize how much he did for us. He had no idea he would survive by being rejoined to Andrew when he tried to do the right thing and save me and Andrew. He could have been returned to the abyss, tortured for all eternity like the night he disappeared. From what I could see and the emotions Andrew described, Nicholas loved Abigail. Tears spill over my rims thinking of Nicholas’ heartfelt plea and the thought of Abigail suffering because she allowed fear and deceit to manipulate her. Wiping my eyes, I turn to Reginald. “Is she trapped in hell?”
“A part of her probably was, but she seems to be in some alternate realm tied to Daniela right now. She must be trying to hold open some type of portal in order to keep from returning to the abyss, but her hold is waning. The demon is trying to drag her back.”
“Is there anything that can be done for her?”
Reginald appears deep in thought. I jump as Gabriel roars. “Absolutely not! She is not ready. I know you think she was in no danger because you pulled her out but you’re wrong! You have been away from the frailties of mortals for too long, it’s impairing your ability to assess the danger to her.”
“She is stronger than you give her credit for. If she were to change, she would be even stronger. I know you’re nervous, but if Emma and I are there, she would be fine. I would go in with Emma alone, but for whatever reason, Abigail connected to Mia. We will only get one shot at this before the demon drags her back ensuring she is never out of hell’s grasp.”
Gabriel’s voice turns even angrier. “She made her choice. Even if you were to release her, the darkness may claim her anyway. There is no guarantee that she would be allowed into purgatory.” Reginald opens his mouth, but Gabriel raises his hand. “Even if she was headed toward redemption, the risk to Mia is too great. You can’t place the decision of conversion upon Mia now. How can you even think about asking her to turn herself over to a world she doesn’t comprehend and that has done nothing but terrorize her?”
Reginald’s words are fast and furious. “Who is giving into fear now? Which of our kind really got to consider the world we entered, she is a witch after all.”
”This is different. You know it. I am not choosing to do evil from fear. I’m saying it’s not fair to risk Mia or place her in a position where she feels pressured to enter this existence when she can still walk away from all of this.”
Reginald interrupts. “I can’t answer regarding her choice, but I can tell you that your judgment is being impaired from fear. You are foregoing the opportunity to have them lose another fighter because of fear, so isn’t it essentially the same thing?”
“No! She has done nothing to be put at risk like this. She has always strived to do the right thing for others above herself, despite what she could face. She has a family, she is raising children and she should have time to consider what she really wants.”
They continue arguing as if I am not even here. Andrew, detecting my growing anxiety, interjects. “Gabriel, what is going on? This isn’t helping anyone and she has gone through far too much stress already.”
Gabriel turns to us as he and Reginald sit down. “I’m sorry I got carried away. Reginald is considering something he shouldn’t.”
Knowing Gabriel will not tell me, I turn to Reginald. “What are you considering?”
Shifting on the chair, “I believe Abigail is holding on to Daniela in an attempt to avoid falling back into the abyss. There appears to be a tug-o-war going on between her and the demon. Abigail seems to be fighting to keep some type of portal open in hopes of seeking forgiveness from Emma and her family so that she could escape her fiery eternity which is probably why Daniela remains unconscious. You see, Abigail never had the chance to carry out the manipulation asked of her because her vessel burned before she could control Nicholas and Emma and the baby were saved. I believe that she is fighting to have her energy come through the portal and find peace, but her strength is waning and if the demon accomplishes his task, she will be gone for good.”
“How does that relate to me though and why would that make Gabriel so upset?”
I believe it’s possible to help her fight the demon and reach a neutral haven if she can find a resolution and forgiveness for what happened between her, Emma and Victor. However, with what Nicholas asked of you and knowing that you suffered because she bewitched you, I believe that she needs your forgiveness as well to even stand a chance of breaking the hold the demon has on her. Even then, I cannot guarantee she would be released into neutrality, she may be claimed by the darkness regardless.”
For Gabriel to become so upset there is something more. “There is no risk in my forgiving her so what aren’t you telling me?”
“Abigail and the demon are fighting in a realm similar to the one you were trapped in, but in this case, Daniela is the gateway, not you. To help Abigail, we would need to enter that realm, forgive her and grab hold of her similar to the way I grabbed hold of you. Because of what holds her, what she thinks she did and the people she hurt, it is not just a case of grabbing her, we must weaken or break the demon’s bond through forgiveness in hopes of even having a chance to grab her.”
I gasp as the image of being caught in something like my desolate realm flashes before me. What Reginald reveals next, shocks me.
“Gabriel is worried about your channeling because your body experienced stress while in the protection of your own dreams. He is also concerned that if the demon was to grab hold of you or if Abigail is somehow fooling us, you would not be able to fight them off and would be trapped in an unconscious state here while your essence remains there.” He sighs. Gabriel doesn’t want me suggesting that you chose immortality now so that your body would not be impaired by my channeling with you.”
Turning, I catch Andrew glaring at Reginald. “How could you even tell her this, knowing her past choices? How dare you put her in this position, it’s absolutely intolerable even for you!”
Although my anxiety reaches an all-time high, Reginald appears unhampered by the increasing hostility.
Eva enters with Kayla and moves straight to Andrew, whispering something in his ear.
His eyes shift to me. “I know you’re concerned and I’m sorry if what I say makes you more anxious but this seems to be something that only I can consider, since it directly affects me.” 
His entire body now turns to me as he struggles to reign in his raging emotions. “You can’t seriously be considering what Reginald just told you!” Eva grips his shoulder. “Mia, how could you even entertain any of this, especially after what you have been through and are still trying to deal with? I see you struggling each day, wondering if what you touch will disappear before your eyes or as you wake sweating from night terrors. Why would you consider something that can only set you back further? Are you really ready to leave the twins?” Anguish engulfs his glorious features. “I could lose you. I can’t stand that. They can’t stand to lose another mother. Mia, please you can’t!”
Reginald interrupts. “If she doesn’t consider it, we probably won’t even stand a chance to grab Abigail. Mia has to release her, that has to be why she grabbed hold of her dreams and she dreamt of Nicholas begging her for help.”
Andrew turns to Reginald. “It’s not fair for you to put that type of guilt upon her. You know that even if she were to go and forgive Abigail, you could lose her anyway.”
“You’re right, we could, but without Mia, I don’t think we even stand a chance. Andrew, you need to let Mia decide. At least I am trying to give her the information to make an informed decision.”
“No you’re not, you don’t have all the answers, nor does she have sufficient time to really consider what her decision could mean! This is not her world, we have had centuries and can even you say that you understand it all? You are playing upon her chronic need to help us, but we should not exist, at least not here. She can still turn her back on her powers and live a normal life.”
“Whether we should exist or not is irrelevant, we do exist here and like it or not, we affect their lives and their eternity.” For the first time, his tone turns uneven and aggravated.
Nicholas cries and Kayla rubs her eyes. I need to step out of what is becoming an uncomfortable situation so I can think. I don’t want fear to rule me. Yet my inner voice is screaming. Smarten up, you can’t consider this. It’s too dangerous and you will be lost. Knowing what we encountered and the desolation which overpowered me in that realm, if I did return only to have Andrew ripped from me once more will I turn to the darkness and take the deal if offered to me once again to spend my natural life with Andrew, or will I somehow summon the strength to fight it and accept the emptiness of my eternal torture? Was I wrong to be hopeful when I left Stephan? Maybe this is how it will begin again and this time Andrew and I will be ripped apart.
My shaking hands take Nicholas from Jackson. Eva, seeing my unsteady gait, puts her free hand around my waist. “Let’s put them to bed.” She moves me forward.
Kayla is sleeping. As I rock a crying Nicholas, I can hear their continued arguing, Eva exits, shutting the door. Nicholas finally stops crying and his eyes close. Looking at his beautiful face, I know what I would endure to protect him. Abigail is Emma’s child. The image of her and Victor’s anguished faces as they spoke of her flood my memory. Emma risked everything to stay with me, to rescue me even though in truth, I am a virtual stranger. She even gave me her protective amulet, leaving herself exposed. I have to tell her what is going on, she needs to know. Rising and placing Nicholas in the crib, my head is throbbing. I consider grabbing some aspirin before calling her, but I hear their muffled argument. This may be my only chance to call her, knowing that Andrew will try to stop or dissuade me from doing so in an attempt to thwart her influence on my decision. Before I lose my nerve, I pull out the telephone and dial.
Emma answers on the second ring. “Hi Emma”
“How are you doing, I’m surprised to hear from you so soon, is everything alright?”
Drawing in a deep breath, hoping what I say will not do more harm than good, especially since I am undecided and am sure that she and Victor will jump at the opportunity without giving it a second thought, my throat tightens as I push out the words. “Emma I need you and Victor to return to Sanctuary.”
Her voice resonates concern. “What’s wrong, is someone hurt? Did something happen?”
“I know Daniela is here unconscious, but with Reginald’s help, we know why she hasn’t come around.”
“Mia, you sound very nervous, you know she can’t harm you. Is there something else that has you upset?”
Nervous that she could go into shock, “Is Victor with you?”
“Yes, why?” Her tone reflects her mounting anxiety.
“Emma, please put me on speaker and sit down.” Hearing the click, “Reginald entered into my dreams and helped me manipulate the images. We discovered that Daniela is acting as some sort of a portal for a battling witch and demon. He…We believe the witch is Abigail and that she is holding on to Daniela in hopes of escaping being dragged to hell, but she needs help before the demon can break her hold.” Emma is sobbing so I stop.
Victor’s strained voice interjects. “Mia, are you sure it’s Abigail?”
“Yes. Is Emma alright?”
“She’s a little stunned. We thought Abigail only affected you, we didn’t realize a portal was opened. Is Reginald sure?”
“He seems pretty sure and in my dreams the girl I saw looks almost exactly like me except for her violet eyes.”
Victor gasps. “What else does Reginald suspect?”
“From what we could see, after Abigail and Emma fought, she wanted to come back to you, but before she could, she was manipulated by a demon to help in their quest with Nicholas. It appears that their fear of losing everything and her belief that Emma and the baby were dying caused her to join them.”
“Mia, I hear arguing in the background. What else is going on?”
“They are arguing over me. To manipulate my dreams, I had to channel with Reginald and he wants me to channel with him and the two of you to see if he can grab Abigail.”
Victor’s voice is stern. “Mia, channeling for you is too dangerous. Emma and I will be there in a few hours with our son, Shaun.”
Knowing it is unfair to raise their hopes and allow them to come without knowing everything, I interrupt. “Victor wait, there’s more. Reginald believes I need to channel with you in order for there to be a chance to grab Abigail. He believes that in order to give her strength to break free of the demon, she needs to be forgiven by you and also by me because of the bewitching. Even then, he’s not sure it will be successful because my images could have been manipulated by the demon or Abigail in an attempt to grab hold of me again.”
The silence on the other end is deafening. Finally, Emma fighting to control her sobs whispers. “We are still coming.”
Hanging up, I can’t hear them arguing any longer. Opening the door, I scamper to get some aspirin. I jump as Andrew wraps his cool hands around my waist. His lips are at my ear. “How bad is the headache?”
“Not too bad” I lie.
“You should eat something, what would you like?”
I’ll heat some soup. “Where did everyone go?” I inquire hoping to find out what happened before I tell him what I did.
“They went to Eva’s room hoping to talk some sense into Reginald about this Abigail issue. She thought it better to remove the conversation from here considering you were hiding in the twins’ room.
My eyes slowly meet his as I inhale deeply trying to summon the courage to tell him what I’ve done. “Andrew, don’t get upset, but I called Emma, she and Victor are on their way with Shaun.” He features twist.
“I wish you hadn’t done that until we had a chance to talk.” His tone is quiet, too quiet. I know he’s mad. “You have been through too much already. From what happened when you channeled with Reginald, I don’t believe you’re strong enough to do what he’s contemplating. You were dangerously close to overtaxing your heart and you were in the protection of your own dreams with me working furiously to maintain your functions. It was too close. Looking at him, I realize for the first time, that his eyes still hold the weariness from healing me.
“Mia, with all that your body is still trying to recover from, I’m not sure that my abilities can prevent you from suffering physically if you channel with Reginald. Not to mention the isolation, desolation, and mental anguish which you are still trying to deal with. How much more do you think you can endure? Please, you shouldn’t be contemplating this. You are just beginning your life. You have fought so hard to get this far, you have the twins to consider. You are not only risking your life, your decision affects them too. Do you remember telling me that you were worried about being someone who was just going to get ripped away from them? This choice can do exactly that!”
“That’s not fair.”
“I never promised to fight fair. I just got you back. I’m terrified of losing you.”
Looking into his anguished eyes, I realize that as I thought I lost him, he was sitting fighting to restore my comatose body and wondering if I would ever return to him. Raising my hand to his chiseled cheek, “Andrew, I love you and want to be with you more than anything. I don’t know if I disagree with you about my not getting involved. I haven’t made a decision, and don’t even know if I could consider going back there, but I had to tell Emma and Victor what we learned. Maybe when they arrive and everyone talks, they will figure out they don’t need me, but it would be unfair not to let them know what is going on, especially after everything Emma risked to save me. How would you feel knowing that there was a chance to save me but Reginald let fear keep him out?”
He sighs. “I would have done everything I could to change his mind, but Mia you know that none of us should really exist here. You however are a different story.”
“Stop saying that. If you didn’t exist, I would have never found the missing piece of my heart!”
“You say that but…” I lean forward, kissing him to stop the oncoming discussion. He does belong here with me. His arm reaches around my waist as the other slips under my knees. He slides me onto his lap wrapping his arms around me tightly. His perfect lips on mine send my pulse into the stratosphere. Slowing drawing my hands up the sides of his torso, I pull myself closer. His gentle, reassuring kiss turns passionate and all consuming. The pounding of my heart masks the knock on the door. Andrew slides me off him and whispers. “I’ll be right back.” He returns with Eva.
“How you are doing.” She eyes me concerned.
“I’m doing much better.”
“Can we talk? Andrew tells me you called Emma.”
“I had to tell them.”
She turns to Andrew. “Can you give us a few minutes? Gabriel wants to see you anyway.”
He hugs me. “We aren’t finished with this.”
Moving to the living room, we sit. “How are you really doing considering what Reginald told you and what you saw?”
“It’s very strange to see Abigail and watch her with Nicholas. I mean Andrew. It’s like looking at some strange version of us, one ruled by fear and regret. I can’t really explain it but knowing that she is fighting to find some peace and how Nicholas sacrificed himself for Andrew and I not really knowing what would happen to him, I feel as if I need to consider this, to help their story find a peaceful resolution. I mean I know Nicholas survives in Andrew, but he did love her and she is suffering because of her fears and being manipulated into a course she wouldn’t have otherwise followed.” Eva startles me as she places her hands on my wringing hands.
“It’s alright, you haven’t committed to anything and you shouldn’t.”
“I know what you’re saying. The thought of being trapped there or feeling the desolation that had me so desperate to find even a moment of solace, scares me. I can’t tell you how close I came to taking Jonathan’s offer to spend my natural life with Andrew and the twins. I know somewhere, something told me that Andrew had not been forever lost to me, but if I were to become lost there or die, I don’t know if I would have the strength to resist the deal if it were offered to me again. Eva I also need to know how he was holding up when I was lost.”
“Considering how much stress you are already putting yourself under, you shouldn’t add that to the equation?”
“I need to know.”
Letting out a long sigh, her voice turns soft. “When we rushed you back here, I called Jackson and told him we needed Andrew back here because you were in bad shape. I have never seen him so bad. He worked desperately to save you no one could break through his focus. Then after we knew physically you would heal, he wouldn’t leave your side and refused to take his eyes off of you. Gabriel finally got through to him about their need to have him to communicate with you. Before that, he wasn’t hearing any of us. He was in a trance like state.” She starts pacing.
“What’s wrong?”
“He would be upset if I told you, but if you are really considering this, you should know.”
“Tell me, he doesn’t have to know.”
She sits down. “The day that they were going to grab you, they needed Andrew to leave. They couldn’t have anything interfere or you would be lost. It took all of us to get him out. He was terrified to leave you. He pleaded with Gabriel to let him stay close because he didn’t want to live if something were to happen to you. He loves you more than you can ever comprehend. I always knew that there was some connection from that night on the Lake and the years we watched over you, but I am only now realizing how deep that connection went. When he finally admitted that he loved you and you agreed to marry him, despite all of the craziness and surrealism that surrounds our lives, that is the first time he has ever dared to hope since our transformation. He is terrified of losing you and hates how our world is consuming you. Despite all of this, he will stand by you no matter what you chose, but I hope that you will give it some serious thought. I can hear him pacing out in the hall. I will let you talk.”
As she walks out, he enters, sitting next to me. “She gave you an earful didn’t she?”
I give him a disapproving look. “How long were you eavesdropping?”
“I actually just got back, but she’s right, I can’t stand my world consuming you.”
Wanting to ease the tension, I joke. “It’s not consuming me, it’s welcoming me. I guess that dormant gene that Emma passed to every generation which followed her, just needed to get out and stretch and since I had already decided to join this world, it figured why not.” He chuckles. Taking his hands, “Seriously, your world is my world, I just didn’t know it. For as complicated as it may seem to us now, it has given us each other and nothing is going to tear us apart. We will speak to Emma and Victor together, see if they agree with Reginald’s assessment and then you and I will assess the risk and make the decision together because you are my better half and this decision affects you too. I do want you to know though that if they say I am needed, I am going to ask Emma to show me the immortality spell because only with all the facts can we really make a decision.”
Moving his hand, he strokes my cheek gently, “Have you really considered what becoming immortal causes you to give up? You would be here throughout eternity, never enjoying time in paradise. You will never have peace. You will spend all eternity fighting on this plane without the benefits of celestial gifts.”
I grasp his seraphic face between my hands. “I am gaining an eternity with you and that is much more than I am giving up. I will gladly fight anyone or anything as long as you are at my side. You are my celestial gift.”
“But Mia, you will be helping all those around you pass on to a better place while you are bound forever to this plane. Trust me, it is quite a sacrifice, it is one thing for it to be ripped away from you, but to knowingly deprive yourself of such peace that is too much for me to ask of you. It would be more than I could ever hope for to spend your lifetime with you, that would be the greatest gift that I could ever ask for and my memories of our love would sustain me through eternity. You shouldn’t deprive yourself of that opportunity. I’m not worth that, trust me.” His voice is pleading.
Although he’s forcing his features to appear calm, I can see the sorrow in his eyes at the thought of my choosing not to join him. Wanting to remove this thought immediately for his sake and mine, I hope my words will reassure him. “As long as I have you, I have my paradise. I would gladly walk through the gates of hell and fight Satan himself for you. I don’t consider that I am giving up anything. I am gaining everything because all I want is to spend my eternity loving you. That is paradise and frankly, I’m just too selfish to be separated from you. I need you and my heart is not willing to give up the piece it has been searching for all this time, so whether you like it or not you are stuck with me forever.”
Wrapping his arms around me, he pulls me tightly into his chest. His cool lips kiss me in earnest before moving to my ear. “Loving you throughout eternity is my paradise. Thank you for loving me this way and brining sun to brighten my forever night.”
“You are very easy to love.” I’m breathless as his lips return to mine. Kissing him this way makes me forget everything else around us. Feeling him reaching for the comforter and knowing he is about to draw away from me, I pull him closer for one last moment. I feel his smile as I kiss him before he withdraws.
“You should rest. Emma and Victor will be here soon. You shouldn’t make decisions sleep deprived.” I don’t want to let him go, but he is right. Despite his comforting embrace, I drift into an uneasy sleep.
Floating through the dark recesses of my mind, I forge toward a distant light. Thankfully the image is not horrific. The demon rips at Abigail, trying to loosen her grip on Daniela who’s an immovable statute. He screams. “You need to come, there is no escape for you, you joined with me and now it is time that we go home.” Moving forward, they turn to me. A smirk crosses each of their faces. Moving back, they release Daniela and fly toward me. Panic consumes me. A circular disk forms before me. It looks like a solar eclipse, black in the middle surrounded by a ring of flames. They are compelling me forward and I know entering the eclipse will end my life. I try to compel myself awake. My inner voice screams as something tugs at my consciousness telling me that the image is wrong, but so is waking up. I touch my pendant and concentrate instead on my protective light. Just before I reach the entrance of the eclipsed disk, my protectionist light surrounds me thrusting me back away from Abigail and the demon as they are sucked inside. The image quickly shifts. Nicholas and Abigail sit in a field. Nicholas is hugging Abigail, trying to comfort her. Moving closer to her, I try to concentrate on what she is feeling. They are not speaking. I feel her internal struggle as she moves her lips to Nicholas’ ear. I realize she is talking but I cannot hear her in the light. Stepping out, knowing that all I need to do was touch my pendant, her voice becomes audible.
“I can’t believe you stayed with me even after I told you everything. I love you. I don’t want there to be secrets between us. I don’t want to deceive you.” Feeling the love in her heart, I know she is telling him the truth. “Do you think we could escape this mess together?”
“I love you too and want to be with you forever. We have to fight for us, to hide from them, from everyone. They will never willingly let any of us go.” A bright light surrounds them like a lasso until it reaches just above their heads and bursts into stars flowing down around them gently and disappearing into the lush grass. The sight is quite lovely, but something inside me tells me that this image is not just about the love they found, there is something important. I only hope that someone will know what it means. I feel the approaching demon, his rage emanates heat. Fearing the other image returning, I throw myself into my protective light.
Andrew’s cool hands cup my face, his voice sounds anxious. “Mia, please you need to open your eyes.”
Forcing them open, I see concern in his. “What’s wrong?” Rising to sit up, my head spins wildly and I know exactly why he is anxious.
“What were you doing?”
“I was dreaming, but there was something wrong so I began manipulating it to remove the distortion. What happened, what did you sense?”
“Mia, your heart rate became erratic and you were ranting about something being important and having to figure it out. You were arguing with yourself, you never did that before.”
“I’m fine, except for my headache.”
He rises. “I’ll get you some aspirin.”
Looking at my watch it is only four. “Have Emma and Victor arrived?
“They are on the road and should be here shortly.” He hands me some water. Placing my head on his shoulder as he places his cool fingers on the back of my neck, he inquires. “Do you want me to help you to the shower? Normally I would suggest you try to get some sleep, but I’d rather you not have another episode like that.”
“A shower may do my pounding head some good.”
He stares at me. “Are you steady enough to be in there alone?”
Wrapping my arms around his waist, I nuzzle his chest. “If I say I need help, will you join me?”
He smiles. “As tempting as that offer is, I don’t want to risk breaking any of His rules when I’m hoping that He will grace me by keeping you safe, if you make the choice I fear you are leaning towards, so no. I’ll go ask Eva to help you.”
Stretching, I kiss his wonderful lips. “I’m fine, but I thought it couldn’t hurt to tempt you to be with me.”
“You do tempt me every moment of every day. I’m not resisting you because I don’t want to be with you, it’s just that I have seen how breaking the rules can be an extremely slippery slope. I don’t want to risk anything going wrong, not where you are concerned.”
“I know you’re always watching out for me, that’s another reason why I love you so much.” I kiss him softly before entering the shower. 
After we feed the twins, there’s a knock on the door. I am surprised to see three other women and two men with Emma and Victor. Emma hugs me. “No matter what you decide, thank you for calling me and telling me what she was considering after our fight.”
Moving to let everyone in, Victor introduces his sons, Anthony and Shaun, daughter, Rachel, and daughter-in-laws, Cynthia and Carol. Another knock startles me; it’s Eva, Jackson, Catherine, Gabriel, Martina and Reginald. The suite becomes quite crowded.
“Martina and I thought we could watch the twins so you can talk downstairs” Catherine remarks.
Reginald recounts what we saw regarding Abigail. The details he remembers surprise me, some I didn’t even realize until their images appear before me as he speaks. Tension grows among my new family while anxiety rises in Emma and her family as Reginald speaks of the dangers to me if we channel and his belief that I am needed to grab Abigail.
We sit in silence staring at each other until Andrew finally asks the dreaded question. “Emma, I need to know if you believe that Reginald’s assessment regarding Mia being there is correct.”
Her features twist as she struggles to speak. “I may be the wrong person to ask. As Abigail’s mother, I desperately want to help her find peace.”
“That’s why I’m asking you. As a mother you can understand how it would be to have Mia ripped away from the two innocent infants who are dependent upon her since their mother was ripped away from them due to our world. I would hate to see that happen again to them. Emma, she has never chosen to go against the light, despite everything that has been thrown at her, you know that. I understand that you want to bring Abigail peace and would want to help her, but she chose to let the darkness stake a claim to her. I don’t want to see her lost if we can save her, but you have to understand I don’t want to risk Mia, she doesn’t deserve to be trapped there or to suffer because she feels compelled to do the right thing where you risked yourself for her.” I grasp his arm. Although he is driven by concern, Emma appears to be at her breaking point and his tone is much too harsh.
She turns to me. “Mia, your decision can’t be based on what you think I did for you. My decision to help you was very different. The risk was not the same for me, nor have I been through what you have. I believe we need you to increase our chances and my family came because we think we can decrease the risk of you being grabbed by Abigail or the demon if this is a trick. My children will stay on you, protect you while their spouse’s flank them and Reginald can help us to grab Abigail quickly so that we can all get out without delay, but if there is any risk detected, we would expect Reginald to grab hold of you along with our children and pull you out.”
She turns to Reginald. “Do you think that she can hold on one more day?”
Closing his eyes as if going over the details and assessing the possibility, “It’s possible, but we can’t wait too long, her powers are fluctuating and if she loses her resolve, she will be lost. Why do you ask?”
“She was born on Thanksgiving.” With everything that transpired, I hadn’t realized what day it was.
Reginald shakes his head, mumbling to himself, “That explains the fluctuation.”
Although they know the significance of this, as I glance toward Andrew and his siblings, they are as lost as I am.
“Why is her birthday significant?” I inquire.
Emma looks over to us. “Besides All Hallows Eve, witches are strongest on the anniversary of their birth. That would be the best chance for Abigail to break free.” She moves over to me. “Mia, if this is a trick, she will be at her strongest to grab hold of you again, as well.” Her honesty shocks me.
As the image of being ripped away from Andrew flashes across my mind, I gasp. All eyes are upon me as Andrew picks up my hand and holds it tightly. He strains to keep his tone soft. “Emma, considering her increased strength, could she escape without Mia’s involvement?”
Her eyes shift frantically between us and I know what she is going to say. “No, Abigail needs Mia’s forgiveness because she is the only one who suffered harm because of Abigail. You saved us and although Daniela is a gateway, she is not physically suffering and when she awakes any recollection of the events which occurred while she was bewitched will be wiped from her memory. The bewitching is not what killed Daniela’s family, that loss was inflicted by the demon, but Mia almost lost her life and as a witch remembers everything that she saw, felt, and heard. If Abigail had not bewitched her, Mia would have never been at risk of being lost to the darkness. Mia no matter what you decide, we are still going to try.” Tears well in her eyes, “Mia, I would understand if you did not want to risk coming with us, even with all of us protecting you, we couldn’t guarantee your safety because it is another realm and no one is exactly sure what can happen there, it is always changing, adapting.” She rises. “Excuse me” She strides out the door.
Rising, Andrew grabs my hand. “I have to talk to her. I’ll be right back.” Catching up with her in the courtyard, I touch her shoulder. “Let’s go to the nursery.”
“I’m fine. I just need a few minutes. I can’t believe she was considering coming back. If I had only been strong enough to go after her, she would be with us now. I should have sent Victor after her.”
I lead her to the nursery. “Stop, you couldn’t have known she would have a change of heart. From her actions, it appeared she was going to harm anyone who got in her way and Victor wouldn’t have known then you would be saved.”
“But looks can be deceiving, you know that.”
“I do. I’m even realizing when my dreams are deceiving.”
“What do you mean?”
“We can talk about that later, I came here to help you if I can.”
“Then tell me what you mean, I could use the distraction. I thought I cried myself out on the plane, but I guess not.” She wipes her tears. “Maybe if you told me about your dream, I would get distracted enough to get back to Victor sooner, I’m sure my running out has him worried.”
“It might upset you more.”
“You dreamt about Abigail, didn’t you?” I nod. “Please tell me.”
Recounting the dream, when I come to the ball of light and stars, her eyes grow wide. “Do you know what that means?” I shake my head. “She loved him. It’s a protective spell joining them together so that they could always watch over each other.” She must see my confusion. “It’s like radar. It joins them and allows them to feel when the other is in trouble, see images of where the other is and even feel drawn to that place.”
Hearing that it joins them together, I can’t help but wonder if the spell could have somehow compelled Andrew to me, to fall in love with me, especially considering part of him was in love with her. “Emma did it make them fall in love?”
As if she knows where my thoughts are going, she smiles, placing her hand on mine. “The spell couldn’t make them fall in love, nor did it make Andrew fall in love with you because he is tied to Nicholas. Although you may be of the same line and have similar physical attributes, I’m sure that Andrew has told you that what he sees is the person’s soul. Your strength and inner beauty are what drew Andrew to you. As much as I love my daughter, I assure you that your soul is much brighter than hers ever was.” She inhales deeply as if she is going to say more, but then appears lost in her own thoughts. She doesn’t even hear me call her name. Suddenly, she springs up, pacing wildly, talking to herself. “Could it still work? Can it provide him an entrance into the gateway…”
I stop her mid-pace. “What occurred to you?”
She stares at me. “Since Nicholas was there when her vessel was destroyed and her energy was released around him, some of it may have attached to him because the spell was performed so close to the time she was destroyed. It may allow him through the gateway to protect the one in trouble since the realm is not hell.”
As what she said registers, I make a connection which frightens me. “Does that mean that a part of him is connected to her and if she were dragged to hell, a part of him would be lost with her?” I can’t stop shaking. She grabs my hands.
“Oh no, don’t worry, he would not be tied to her that way, it only provides them the ability to feel when the other is in trouble, see what surrounds them helping to compel themselves to the place so that they can find the other quickly and help them. I’m hoping that even though her connection was with the Nicholas part of Andrew’s soul, maybe we could draw upon the spell’s energy to grant access to Andrew so that he could be with you if you decide to channel with us.” 
“Would doing that place him at risk, or tie him to her in any way if we should fail?” Anxiety seizes my heart at the thought of Andrew being torn from me if Abigail is dragged to hell.
“My children could protect the two of you just as easy as they could protect you. His physical being would not be drained like yours by channeling, and even if the spell grants him access to that realm, it could in no way tie him to Abigail or the alternate reality if we fail.”
Despite her reassuring words, what if she’s wrong? “Emma, if there is even the slightest possibility of losing him there I don’t want you to tell him about this possibility. I can’t have him lost.”
“Mia, I promise you, not even that realm can adapt to grab hold of him because of the spell. The spell can’t work that way. It wouldn’t be any riskier for him than you, but if he were to be with you, you may both feel better and stronger because you would not be separated. Don’t cut him out of this. I’m sure that he told you that he would support whatever your decision, you need to be honest with him and do the same.”
“Emma, aren’t you afraid that you have committed to risking your entire family to take this chance?”
“Mia, I didn’t commit my family, I was honest with my children about everything that we suspected, what the risks would be and what could happen, both good and bad. We talked about it all and then they made their decision. I could never compel my children to take this journey, nor would I try to compel you. Despite everything my daughter has done, I am her mother and am sure that you can understand, especially now because of your circumstance, that a mother would do anything to protect her child. Regardless of what you decide, my children, Victor and I are going to try. My children believe that they can assist us and protect you if you should come so that our focus will not be diverted. They know how things can happen when someone is not focused. Our family is strong, but they also believe in doing the right thing. My children understand why their father and I need to try this one last time, but they also do not believe in allowing someone else to risk themselves for our family without doing everything they could to protect them. Mia, I am not telling you this to convince you to come with us, only you can decide that, but if you do, you need to tell Andrew that there is a possibility that he can come too, let him make an informed decision the way we allowed our children to. Maybe we should get back, I’m sure that Victor is worried.”
Speaking to Emma, knowing how committed her whole family is to this and how I would beg anyone who could help me if the twins were in trouble convinces me that the only right thing to do would be to give them the best chance possible of grabbing Abigail and helping her find peace considering how much each of us has already lost because of the darkness. I owe that much to Nicholas, but I promised Andrew we would make the decision together, so I need to speak with him first. “Emma before we go back could I ask you about the immortality spell.” Her eyes cannot hide her excitement. She must know I am considering going.
“The spell is fairly straight forward, but you need the assistance of three other witches that are at least one hundred years or older.”
“So if I wanted to do the spell, could your family help me?”
“Of course we can, but have you considered what this would mean?”
“Yes, Andrew and I have talked about it and Reginald said that if I were immortal then the worry over the stress to me physically would no longer be a concern.”
“Mia, I wouldn’t want you to make such a life altering decision because of this, it has far reaching ramifications.”
“I understand, but if I wanted to go through with it could we do it soon?”
“We could, but Mia, my family and I would help you no matter what you decide about coming with us, so please don’t feel as if one thing is tied to the other or that you have to do it now.”
“Can I ask you one more thing?”
“You can ask me anything.”
“Why didn’t your grandmother choose immortality?”
“My mother and grandmother both chose not to exercise the spell. They had fallen in love with mortal men. In fact, my father was a preacher. He would have never accepted witchcraft or immortality. In my case, Victor was already of this world, so my decision was very easy. Can I ask you something?”
“Sure”
“Did you ever consider having Andrew convert you?”
“Honestly, I hadn’t given the whole immortality issue much thought, why?’
“It’s just that as a vampire, you would have the advantages of healing without spells, possibly sharing in Andrew’s powers and never really having to sleep again or eat.”
My stomach lurches as I think about how different I would become. It’s strange, I fought against who I am and wished that I could be anyone else for so long, but now, knowing how my heart seems to tell me the truth, even if it is only dumb luck, it still brought me back to Andrew and through so much. Maybe that’s why I never considered transforming with him, if I did, would my luck run out? I love him and know I want to be with him always, but maybe I’ve been waiting for this alternative, the one that would help me retain more of myself, especially knowing what we are going to face and how much I want to come home to him always. “Watching you, it appears that you hold more of who you are; your needs and desires; the human traits which I am comfortable with. I think it would be too much of a change for me to deal with in too short of a time to consider changing that way, especially since I am just beginning to figure out who I am. If vampirism was my only way of staying with Andrew then I would make that choice, but for now, I think this may be a more comfortable fit. I don’t want to bring any more complications into our existence. Out of curiosity, I know Reginald is both, is that a possibility?”
“Actually, doing it this way, yes, if you were to become a vampire before embracing witchcraft, it would not.”
Knowing that this isn’t the time to get involved in this type of conversation, I file it away and suggest that we get back.
Only Andrew and Victor are downstairs waiting for us. As soon as Emma is through the door, Victor hugs her fiercely. I can hear him whisper. “Are you alright?” She nods and they excuse themselves to join their family.
Andrew and I check on the twins. Deciding Emma is right that I can’t hide the possibility that he could join us, I recap our discussion. His features turn resigned. “It sounds like you decided to channel with them.”
“I promised you that we would make this decision together, but can you understand why I think that we should help them?”
“You always want to help those you think are in trouble, that is part of what makes you so special, but I’m coming. Although I may not have much power to protect you in that realm, I can ensure that we remain together no matter what.”
“I talked to Emma about the immortal spell and they can help me do this before we go in. I want to be as strong as possible to give us every advantage.”
He takes in a jagged breath. I know he’s concerned, not only with my decision to channel with them but this one as well. “Are you sure this is what you want?”
Staring into his eyes and making sure that my voice contains no trace of anything which he could perceive as doubt, I answer with a determination in my voice that I never even heard before. “I have never been more convinced of anything. I want to spend every moment with you. I don’t care what plane we are on as long as we’re together. So the way I see it, if immortality can also help us with this problem, then all the more reason to do it now.”
Leaning toward me, he kisses me tenderly. “I don’t know what I ever did to get so lucky as to have you enter my life, but I want you to know how grateful I am for every second with you.”
Squeezing his hand, “I’m the one who is fortunate. Andrew, you are more than I had ever dreamed of and much more than I ever thought to wish for. I love you.”
“I love you too.” Kayla is grabbing at his knee. We watch as she finally pulls herself up. Taking her little hands, Andrew is on his knees moving backwards slowly. I watch in awe as she takes her first steps. The smile on her and Andrew’s face at this accomplishment warms my heart. Nicholas climbs into my lap and claps. For a moment, we all escape the surreal world to enjoy a sensational real world accomplishment. Andrew walks her into the kitchen as I take Nicholas and prepare their lunch.
As they finish up, Andrew goes to speak with Reginald about coming with us and after putting the twins in for a nap, I go speak with Emma. Shaun opens the door. Victor is consoling Emma. Looking at him, “Did something happen?”
Hearing my voice, Emma looks up, she’s distraught. Kneeling next to her, “Did something happen to Abigail?”
“No, its…” She’s sobbing.
Hugging her, “Emma, everything is alright, we’re coming with you. We will all fight for her.” She cries harder. “Please, tell me what’s wrong.”
Victor responds. “Reginald gave her some bad news about the protectionist spell which may change your and Andrew’s mind about coming.”
The fluttering butterflies return to my stomach with a vengeance. “Andrew is with him now. What did he say?”
“If Andrew were to come with us, it is possible that because the spell was cast on the Nicholas side of him that his Nicholas persona would show up once we pass through the gateway.”
My conscious is stunned by what he’s saying. “I don’t understand. They were joined back together that night, so how could they split again? I didn’t think that was possible anymore.”
“It’s not that they could split again, nor is there any danger to Andrew on this plane, it’s just that the way the spell was cast, Reginald is concerned that because it was on the Nicholas persona, that once he is through the gateway, the Nicholas personality may be more predominant because it is that part of Andrew that would allow him access to that realm in the first place.”
Andrew felt how much Nicholas loved Abigail. Considering what transpired between us and his final act in trying to save Andrew for me, would he protect us by refusing to assist them in taking me or trade me to save her from eternal torture if they are tricking us? I can’t believe we have yet another obstacle thrown at us and wonder what Andrew is considering knowing Reginald has revealed this to him. Maybe we should reconsider his coming. My decision has not changed. Despite my increasing jitters, I am determined to hold on to my resolve and do the right thing. I refuse to allow the darkness to take one more thing from us. “Emma, I’m still coming. I believe that you will do everything to protect me and we need to try to give your daughter some peace, but I need to speak with Andrew.”
Crossing the room, there’s a knock. I know who it is before Shaun even opens the door. From his concerned look, he has been told. Gabriel and Reginald are behind him. Taking my hand, “They told you?”
I nod. “Andrew, you should stay here, but I need to go.” My fear and frustration are evident in my tone.
He shakes his head. “No, you’re not going without me. Reginald said there may be a way to hedge the draw for both sides of me to protect you.” I catch Gabriel scanning the eyes of those around us and wonder if he is trying to assess the truth of this. My eyes return to Andrew. “In the end, even the Nicholas side of me wanted to do the right thing and protect you to keep us together.”
“I considered that and was hoping that his…your feelings for me even then would be enough to keep you with me.”
He squeezes my hand tighter. “When I told Reginald you are doing the immortal spell with Emma, he believes that if you cast the protectionist spell on me, then both sides of me could be drawn to protect you.” He inhales a nervous breath. “There is a risk though where you are new to this realm. When you cast the spell, there is no guarantee that it will be as strong as Abigail’s and in order for it to take hold, when we pass through the gateway and the demon comes into view, you will have to momentarily be unprotected so that I can come to you. Even then, he can’t be sure which personality of mine will show up next to you.”
Staring into his sapphire eyes, knowing how reassuring they are that both sides of him survived and are committed to our future, I realize it doesn’t matter. Gabriel’s concerned features tell me he is aware of my decision. He appears skeptical. “I think we should still do this. I know that Nicholas wanted to protect us in the end and Abigail loved him enough to risk the demon’s wrath when she cast the spell. She loved him and wanted to protect him too. I don’t think that she would want him to suffer, even if we failed in grabbing her.”
Stroking my cheek, “Not everyone is like you and crazy enough to sacrifice themselves for the one they love.” He tries to joke, but I feel the tension in his touch and hear the anxiety in his voice.
Pulling myself into his chest, “I know you’re scared, I am too. I don’t want to leave you or this life, but I don’t think it will come to that. I believe they will fight to protect us and our love is strong enough to ensure that you stay with me. We have to trust that and know that this will only make us stronger and appreciate what we share more.”
Turning to Emma, “Where do we cast the first spell?”
Although she is calmer, I still see the worry in her eyes. “We should do the immortality spell in a place where you feel most comfortable and safe so that you can draw in the most positive energy and be at your strongest.”
Knowing it’s late, I want to get the twins to sleep before doing this. In truth, I need to see them before turning myself over to the surreal, hoping that my love for them will also be a strong tie to return me to this life. “I’ll meet you in the nursery shortly, I just have to do something first.” Andrew follows me out.
Holding the twins and having Andrew’s arms around us brings such warmth to my heart. I will do anything to hold on to this love and return to our life. Although I never dreamed that my life could be graced with such love and devotion, experiencing such a gift makes me more determined to fight to return to it, ensuring the darkness does not cut another lifetime short, the way it ended the lives of my sister and David. Closing my eyes, I reach out to my mother hoping that she can help me to come back and protect Andrew. Tucking the twins safely in their bed, I kiss them. As Eva and Jackson come in, Andrew and I leave for the nursery.
The plants have been drawn back. Emma, Victor, their children, and Reginald are sitting in a circle with drawings and candles filling the space inside, except for one place for me to sit. I’m confused. Emma said I only needed three witches, but eight make up the circle.
As Emma motions for me to sit, “We are all going to conduct the ceremony to see if we can boost your ability and help strengthen the protectionist spell.”
Gabriel tries to calm an anxiety ridden Andrew as I sit. My own butterflies are fluttering wildly as Reginald instructs me to place my hands on each side of the pendant and close my eyes. They begin chanting, but I can’t make out the words. I’m mesmerized by the images of the earth, wind, fire, and flowing rivers flashing through my mind. The gentle winds flow through the forest trees before growing into the blustery winds of a hurricane and finally tornado funnels. The image shifts to a beautiful sky, filled with cotton clouds and a sun that warms me to my very core. A sense of peace blankets me from the soles of my feet to the top of my head as gentle rolling waves caress a pebbly shore. The images dim, but the feeling of being one with them does not.
Reginald calls to me quietly. “Mia, open your eyes, it’s done.” Unclasping my hands from the pendant, I notice it turned from shiny onyx to deep chocolate with small flecks of blue, green, white, orange, red and yellow throughout.
Emma’s proximity and soft words surprise me. “Those are the symbols of the elements which you are now one with.” It’s strange but I don’t feel any different. “Are you ready to cast your first spell?”
“Are you sure I can, did it really work?”
“Yes, why do you ask?”
My voice lowers to a whisper. “I don’t feel any different. I can still hear my anxious heart beating in my ears and still feel like myself.”
She struggles to stifle a laugh. As my eyes scan her family, they are all doing the same. “You will feel like yourself, that won’t change, but over time, you will just feel more connected and in tune with your surroundings. You will learn how to use the elements to help you in your endeavors.”
Despite years of fighting against who I am, I now feel reassured to know that I will still be me. Reginald moves Andrew forward to join me in the middle and instructs him to place his hands under mine. As his hands brush mine, my heart races and I feel secure that this transformation is the right choice.
Emma resumes her place and begins instructing me. Closing my eyes, I repeat each word, despite feeling a little silly. When I finish, strange warmth surrounds me and I open my eyes. The light which encircled Abigail and Nicholas in my dream now surrounds me and Andrew. As it reaches the top of his head, it breaks into stars which gently drift to the floor. I’m exuberant and can’t help but smile as Andrew’s exultant eyes stare into mine.
Leaning forward, he kisses me. “You are so amazing.”
Reginald moves next to us. “I hate to break this up, but she needs to get some rest and so does Emma and her family. We go at first light and everyone needs to be as rested and as clear thinking as possible.” He turns to Emma. “What is the exact time that Abigail was born?”
“6:23 AM”
“We’ll convene at four-thirty and begin the process so she can see our presence and we can pull her out.”
He turns, “Are the two of you sure about coming?”
We both answer simultaneously. “Yes”
“Rest, although we won’t be worrying about the physical effects of your channeling with me, you are still new to this and the better rested you are the stronger you will be.”
I look in on the twins knowing that I won’t see them again until we come back. Anxiety wells within me as I worry about what will happen to them if I do not return. Shaking my head, I fight to release my dark thoughts. Cool hands wrap around me. Turning, his perfect porcelain lips brush my ear. “So how do you feel really?”
“I’m nervous, but I know they will do all they can to protect us.”
“That’s not what I meant, but if you are having second thoughts, you don’t have to go, they will understand.” He sounds reassuring.
“No, I won’t let my nerves stop me. What did you mean?”
“I know that the transformation that you just went through is not the same as the one I experienced, but I was wondering if you feel any different.”
“I don’t even feel as if anything happened, but there is one way to know for certain.” I state slyly.
“What might that be?” He inquires artfully, probably knowing from my mischievous grin exactly where I’m heading.
Running my fingertips slowly up his arms, across his broad shoulders and down his sculpted abdomen, his hands move slowly up my spine causing every nerve in my body to tingle. As his hands move across my shoulders and up the sides of my neck, his perfect lips move closer to mine. My heart pounds and my breathing escalates, I’m hyperventilating. Only the feeling of his cool lips kissing mine stops my panting. He withdraws his lips, placing some space between us just before I am about to faint.
“So what’s the verdict on your test Dr. Angelis, have you changed?” His eyes dance as he pierces his lips together.
Staring into his glorious eyes, I can barely force out the words. “I will have to conduct another test, but I believe my feelings for you have intensified.”
He hugs me close. “I’m all for second opinions and retesting when there is any question as to the result.” Kissing me a second time, my hands wrap around his neck, refusing to let him withdraw too quickly as he usually does after we kiss passionately. Finally allowing space between us he smiles and whispers. “I’m glad some things have not changed.” His fingertips trace my lips as his eyes flare with desire.
Moving to the living room, he sits facing me. “Mia, I have to talk to you about something serious and wonder if Emma explained this to you when she had you consider transforming by using the immortality spell. The spell stops your body from aging so that you can go on for all eternity, however, if something were to happen to stop your heart or impair your brain, your energy will be released and become one with the elements. Your essence will go on, but your body will fail. The spell does not grant the same type of protections that I have as a vampire. I can only be destroyed by being turned into ash, not to mention, if I get hurt, I heal fairly quickly.”
She had told me that Andrew’s transformation would give me more protection, “I guess I really didn’t realize the ramifications” I reply quietly.
Taking my hands in his, “That’s why I’m telling you, to make sure that you don’t take any unnecessary chances or risks because you feel a false sense of security.”
Anxiety resonates in his eyes. “She did tell me that I could still become like you. It’s just that right now this is all I can manage.” Hoping he does not misunderstand, I draw in a deep breath, hoping to explain. “I have had so many changes in such a short time that I wasn’t sure if undergoing your transformation would change the person I’m just starting to feel some confidence in.” I kiss his knuckles. “Andrew I love you and I’m not saying that all the changes are bad, because most of them are wonderful, they brought me you and your family. I feel so blessed to be with you and to have the twins, it’s just that knowing how my heart always seems to lead me back to you I couldn’t change that right now.”
His features turn understanding as he draws me closer. “You don’t have to explain anything. I understand. In less than a year, you have faced death, isolation and loneliness on more than one occasion, inherited a ready made family and found out that the creatures of your childhood nightmares actually do exist. You even agreed to marry one.” He chuckles.
Withdrawing to ensure he sees my face. “You do star in my dreams, but you are not a creature. Andrew, you are the wish that I never dared to hope for and the star that led me home from the darkness of my solitude.” I caress his perfect cheek. “I didn’t choose the immortality spell because I think you are a creature and didn’t want to become like you. I just need some time to understand who I am becoming. You make me feel confident. I just wanted to make sure that I am comfortable enough with myself before making such a change. Where the need for me to become stronger is immediate and my relying on my instincts always seems to bring me back to you, I don’t want to risk any change which may interfere with that.”
He smiles. “You are very insightful. I love to hear how your heart reacts when we are close. It is one of the many wonderful sounds you have introduced into my solitary world, changing my eternity forever. Mia, I didn’t tell you this to force the subject of you becoming like me. You don’t ever have to change like that. I told you because if you misunderstand what your immortality means or think that you are virtually impenetrable like me, I could lose you and I couldn’t stand that. I want our chance at forever my soon to be Mrs. St. Cloud. I don’t want any misapprehensions to cause you to be ripped away from me.” Rising he holds out his hand to me. “You look very deep in thought.”
“I’m just realizing how much I have to learn.”
“You will have plenty of time to do that, but tonight you need to rest.”
“The couch is fine.”
“Not tonight, you only have a few hours. I want you as comfortable as possible. He tucks me in, cradling me in his embrace. “Sleep, tomorrow will be fine. When we return, we can finalize the plans for our wedding. Maybe the twins can even walk down the aisle with some help.”
I know he is trying to fill my mind with comforting thoughts. To my relief, the next time I hear his voice, it’s time. My mind is still filled with his sweet words. Hugging him fiercely before showering, he finds me in the twins’ room kissing them good-bye. I hear Eva, Jackson and Catherine in the other room as he whispers in my ear. “We’ll be back before you know it, but it’s not too late to change your mind.”
Turning to him, “No, the darkness may have taken their parents, but it is not going to take one more thing away from the people I have come to love. We will come back and be there for each of their milestones, both big and small.” Placing my hand in his, I squeeze it gently. “Let’s go.”
Eva and Jackson follow us out. “What are you two doing?”
“We’re coming to support you, Gabriel is already there.” Eva says.
Jackson laughs. “We’re hoping to supply some positive energy.”
“Who will run this place and don’t you have to get ready for the Thanksgiving meal, if Gabriel isn’t cooking, how will anyone eat?” I joke.
“Are you kidding, he did it all while you were sleeping. Maybe we could even give the twins some turkey.” Jackson suggests.
“I think that’s a wonderful idea.”
Entering Daniela’s room, everyone’s assembled. Emma appears anxious. “Thank you for coming.”
“Let’s go get your daughter, just tell me what we need to do.” She moves me next to Daniela.
Reginald closes his eyes. “Join hands.” He is holding Daniela’s hand and because of my position, I have to do the same. My heart races, closing my eyes, my inner voice screams calm down, don’t be ridiculous. Taking Andrew’s hand first, I reach for hers and try to concentrate on Reginald’s instructions.
Strangely, I feel the energy mounting around us as my mind floats listening to him explain that we are all connected and moving forward as one. I feel my body moving, even though physically, I know I haven’t risen from my chair and I’m still holding Daniela and Andrew’s hands.
The next thing I know, I am standing in an open field, surrounded by dead trees. Strange reddening hues streak through the shades of ashy, gray sky. Although the clouds are not thick, they appear menacing and fast moving, despite the lack of wind around us. Just beyond our stance the blustery winds pick up dirt from the barren ground swirling it through the air, distorting the trees just beyond the plane. The scene before me is strange, creepy even, reminding me of a post-apocalyptic movie where we are the only survivors standing before a desolate burnt out world knowing that there is no food, water, or even shelter to sustain us. All that is missing are the zombies coming forward to claim us and the movie would be complete. I scan the trees wondering if such creatures will emerge, but what I see beside me makes me gasp.
Tearing my eyes from him, I quickly look around ensuring I am not alone. My eyes return to Nicholas who is grasping my hand. As I try and wriggle it out from under his, his grasp tightens. Despite using all my strength, I cannot break free.
As he leans down toward me, I shift my upper body back, but he is at my ear before I can retreat, whispering. “Mia, please don’t be afraid, we are both here. I believe that because Abigail is in immediate danger and not you, my persona appeared, but I promise you, no harm will come to you. You trusted me once and even said you could feel the good in me, I implore you to trust me again. Andrew and I have not split. He is here with you, only our appearance shifted. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Fearing I will see the gray thunderous eyes which adorned Nicholas’ features when I first met him, I instead see the sapphire eyes which assured me after that awful night that both sides of Andrew survived. I no longer try to pull my hand away. Sensing my change, he shifts his grasp intertwining our fingers. “Mia, please don’t pull away from me. Andrew is very concerned about letting go of you. I promise you, no matter what, I will protect you.”
“You love her. It’s only natural that you would want to protect her. Maybe you should hand me over to the others.”
Anguish invades his eyes and his voice becomes pleading. “We made certain choices that brought us down the wrong road while you are trying to save her, I will not sacrifice you for the choices that we made. You saved me from being dragged into the abyss, you made me whole again and you have done nothing to deserve this fate. I would never sacrifice you that way, but I need you to trust me enough to try and fool the demon who is holding her. If he sees me and Jonathan is not here, he may not know what happened. Maybe we can fool him, but I need you to trust that what I am telling you now is the truth. No matter what I say before him, I will not let anything happen to you! Just don’t let go of me and don’t believe anything that I tell him, please can you do that?” He sounds absolutely desperate.
Staring into his eyes, they go from oceanic blue to the sky blue that was once Andrew’s and then back to the sapphire blue that I love best. “I will try my best.”
“Mia, no don’t just try, promise me that you won’t let go. We can’t lose you, do you understand, if we do, we’ll be lost as well. Hold on to me no matter what.”
“I promise”
Shaun, Anthony, Rachel, Cynthia and Carol surround us. Shaun was about to open his mouth. But I speak before he can as I notice Reginald, Emma and Victor forging ahead. “It’s fine, let’s catch up.”
With each step, I feel everyone’s heightened anxiety and see the increasingly concerned looks. Emma and Victor frantically scan the trees. Only Reginald appears unaffected by the surreal nature surrounding us and the charged atmosphere.
The blustering wind swirls around us making the atmosphere murky with the uplifted dirt. I wish I brought some glasses. Shielding my eyes with my hands I can see, but I choke as I breathe in the soiled air. Everyone else seems unaffected by the conditions. Carol calls out to me. “Concentrate a moment and picture it flowing through you like a gentle breeze and it will not affect you.” As I concentrate, I stop coughing.
As Emma calls out to Abigail, I can hear her oncoming hysteria. “Do you think we’re too late and she’s been dragged back?”
Reginald replies confidently. “No, if she had been, Daniela would have woken before we entered, she must have just been dragged further into this realm.”
As we forge forward, a feeling of isolation grabs hold of me as I see the increasing desperation in everyone’s eyes. After what seems like forever and a distance that we can never run back from, we hear voices. Emma runs. We quickly follow through the thick tree bases. Coming upon three figures, I see activity forming just behind the trees. My heart spikes knowing what will emerge. Nicholas squeezes my hand reassuringly. Glancing at him, he is also aware that the shadows will soon emerge.
Drawing me closer to his side, he whispers so softly I can barely hear him. “It’ll be fine, just don’t let go.”
I nod and focus on the three figures in the forefront. Abigail is gripping Daniela and the figure from my dream has hold of Abigail. He is speaking to her in that same angelic voice. “You committed to allowing me in, you can’t leave now. You have no choice, you killed for power, committed to a plan, and now we must go back, our time here is done.”
Emma screams out. “Abigail”
Reginald grabs Emma and cautions her as Abigail looks up.
She calls out again. “Abigail, you didn’t hurt anyone. No harm came to me or the child I was carrying, she’s right here baby.” She motions to Rachel who moves forward. “Your sister is right here.”
Rachel calls out to her. “I came to help you find peace. I love you and want you to come with us, but you have to fight to break free of the hold they proclaim to have on you.”
Abigail’s eyes keep scanning between family members. “You don’t understand, I can’t find peace, I don’t deserve it, it’s not allowed for people like me. I can’t shake him off, I invited him in.”
The shadows emerge from the trees, one flies at Rachel but she knocks him out of the way with a flick of her wrist. Emma creeps forward, but the demon notices her movement and pulls them further towards the shadows, yelling. “Go back to where you came from and Daniela will be returned to you, but Abigail belongs to us!”
“No she doesn’t, she is part of my family and will never belong to you. She is a good soul and doesn’t belong here. She’s coming home with her family who loves her and wants her to be happy.”
Abigail’s face registers her disbelief. “I hurt you, why are you willing to come here and fight for me?”
“Honey, you got lost, your actions were wrong, but no actual harm was done and we are here to help you find a way home.” Emma holds out her arms.
“You’re wrong, even if I didn’t hurt you, I could have destroyed an entire family when I committed to going after Nicholas and then when he sacrificed himself and foreclosed my opportunity to return and be with him for her,” she nods toward me, “I joined with Jonathan to destroy her and hurt him.”
Nicholas squeezes my hand and advances us forward. Shaun, Carol and Anthony close in. Nicholas calls out. “Abigail, you know why I did what I did. You know it wasn’t because I didn’t love you. I’m here because you called to me. That night, I thought we would have been together, I thought I was coming to you, I didn’t realize what would happen to me.”
His stoic features reveal nothing. Listening to him speak I keep telling myself not to let go, but his voice sounds so assured and persuasive, I cannot help but worry. What if he was merely waiting for an opportunity to free his love and found it here? “I’m here to protect you and take you home. Everything will be fine. You just have to fight your way back to me. Can you do that?”
My eyes shift to hers. She looks upon him with such love and devotion. “You don’t hate me for what I did to you?”
“You didn’t do anything to me except love me every day when we were together. I saw it in your eyes each time you looked at me, felt it in your touch, and knew it each time that we were together. You even tried to protect me. I just wish that I could have protected you the day that they grabbed you and took you away. As soon as I realized that you were in trouble I tried to reach you, but I arrived too late. Knowing the frenzied atmosphere, I should have never been that far from you. I’m sorry I failed you, but I’m here to make this right.”
With each word, my heart sinks, filling with fear. Did I really escape my desolation or is it back to claim me here? What if he believes he failed her and is as desperate as he sounds to make things right? Would he sacrifice me or stay true to his word? My little voice keeps telling me to believe, to hold on, but which voice is ringing out, my protective angel or menacing devil? Taking us a few steps forward, he turns to me as his eyes flash sky blue before returning to sapphire. He squeezes my hand reassuringly. As he turns back toward Abigail, I only hope that the squeeze was to reassure me that Andrew is still with me and he is in control of what I pray is a farce.
“Abigail, I brought Mia here to forgive you, the way she forgave me to save me. I brought her here to give you the strength to break free of the hold the demon made you believe they have on you.” He turns to me. “Go ahead, it’s alright.”
Drawing in a deep breath to calm my out of control nerves, I force myself to speak. “Abigail, I know what you did and understand why. I can see how much Nicholas loves you and how much you love him. I even saw the protectionist spell you placed on him. It took courage and strength for you to fight the demon to get that type of protection around him, you need to draw upon that courage again and find the strength to get back to where you should be and not to where they are trying to drag you. I know you have that strength because it is in me and I must have gotten it from somewhere. You know what I’m saying is true because you could feel it when we were in my reality.” My voice cracks. “Don’t let him break you! You break free of him so that you can go home where you belong.”
As she struggles, I see the red aura around the demon brighten. He’s probably strengthening his hold with her increased fear. I can’t understand why Victor and Emma aren’t trying to grab her. The shadows encircle her and are forming at our sides. I do not dare sneak a peek to see how close they are coming for fear of diverting my attention from those before me knowing that at any moment my dream could become a reality if they fly at me and grab me. Although I want to trust the Nicholas persona, a part of me can’t help but be afraid and I am hit with an overwhelming sense that we are running out of time. If the shadows encircle us, this is their realm. With their strength and numbers we could never escape. Abigail continues to struggle, but the demon’s hold does not wane.
Nicholas takes two more steps forward. Peering at him, his eyes shifted from Abigail to the demon holding her. “Abigail, stop, it’s alright. Demon I have a proposal for you.”
This catches his attention, he’s surprised. “You have nothing I desire. I have what I need. I won’t let her go.”
“Sure you have her, but I have something your boss wants more and I am willing to make a trade.” Terror rips through me. I can’t breathe. Should I rip my hand from his and run? I can’t get caught here again, but I can’t leave Andrew. If I pull at him, would Reginald grab him for me? My thoughts are drawn back as the shadows draw closer. My eyes glance at the ones lining up behind Abigail. The flickering flames in their eyes flare as their terrifying crimson faces darken. Reginald is doing something with his hands. Could he be trying to force them back? My heart races out of control. Too much can go wrong. Could Shaun and the others even rip me free if Nicholas is actually fooling us all and could Reginald subdue him to rescue Andrew? Despite reminding myself that Nicholas fought for us, Andrew would never allow any harm to come to me, and that Nicholas said he had a plan, I can’t stop the crippling fear of being caught here in this desolate wasteland as the demons rip at me each day knowing Andrew will be crushed by the idea that he helped ensnare me here. I must believe, my little angelic voice repeats this mantra as my fear turns my blood cold and I shiver.
The demon’s voice tears me from my destructive images. “What are you proposing Nicholas?”
“Your boss wants her” he nods to me, “but he also wants me. My choice that night in the woods foreclosed his possibility of controlling the St. Clouds and manipulating the war on our plane. I’m sure that he has something very special in mind as payback for me and would like nothing better than the opportunity to impose it. You know that he wants her because he would not have had you and your friends go through such lengths to manipulate her and get her to commit to the darkness if he didn’t. I’m sure that Abigail is nothing to him really. I’m sure that he would much rather see you bringing down us and would not care for the little sacrifice you had to give away in return. Just think about how high you would progress in his ranks if you were to bring us back. I’m sure he would give you anything you wanted for bringing back such a prize.”
I could see from the demon’s features, he is seriously considering Nicholas’ proposal. “How do I know that you are not trying to deceive me? I let her go and then those who surround you grab all of you and escape. Then I have nothing and you know what that would mean.”
“I can understand why you would worry about that, but I can resolve your fear regarding that as well. You know that the ones I have brought with me have no special speed or power to increase their speed beyond that of your shadows here. Considering your shadows are encircling us and could attack at any moment, even her mother knows there would be no escape. Why do you think she hasn’t tried to grab her and run? She stands there and contemplates because she knows that even if she were to have the strength to tear her daughter from your arms, she does not have the speed to escape your shadows and they would be torn apart, only to reemerge in hell. I propose that each of you let Daniela go immediately. She is not part of this and would be returned anyway. Upon you doing this, Mia and I will begin walking toward you and you are to allow Abigail to move the same number of steps toward her retreating family. Your side and our side, each moving together, taking the same steps that includes your demons. You know that you have speed on your side. If there is any trickery, your demons will be on us before we can take a step.”
“Do you really think me such a fool? What will prevent you from grabbing Abigail and escaping when you meet in the middle?
“Look at your battalion, do you really think I could fight them off and hold on to two slow moving women? You know that’s impossible.”
“You could still save one of them and yourself.” He retorts.
“If I were going to do that, why would I even make such a proposal?”
“To save Abigail”
“Even if I did that, think about who you’ll be bringing back with you. For whatever reason, he wants her much more than anyone here, so you still win.”
The demon smiles, his eyes flash red at this realization. His fierce look and the doubt creeping into my thoughts cause me to shake. I’m losing hold of myself as tears veil my eyes. Knowing what I was willing to sacrifice fearing the one I loved was suffering, what if the Nicholas persona did split from Andrew in this realm and is overwhelmed at seeing Abigail being hurt by the demon? Maybe the thought of her suffering is too much. Two tears roll down my cheek. As a cool hand brushes one away Andrew’s soothing voice swims through my thoughts telling me not to be afraid. The demon and Abigail let go of Daniela who fades slowly, leaving no trace in her wake.
For the first time, Reginald appears concerned. He calls out to Nicholas. “We are running out of time, if she wakes before this is concluded our gateway will close.”
Nicholas yells. “What have you decided, it’s now or never. Take the deal or we leave now and you have lost the jewel in your boss’ crown.”
“Fine, let’s do this, you are much more valuable” he retorts, pushing Abigail forward. He gestures for the shadows to begin their retreat.
Nicholas turns to everyone, “Go now!”
Shaun, Rachel and Anthony draw closer to me, but Reginald waves them off. “Do what you are told.”
They back away as we advance toward the fiery eyed demon and Abigail. With each step, my heart becomes heavier and my legs feel weighted down. Even if this is Nicholas’ plan and he is not going to turn us over, too much can go wrong, we are outnumbered and can be lost to the abyss.
Each step becomes more difficult, similar to my walk down the long hallway ending my career. I only hope this walk leads me to the same path that eventually did- my home.
We are almost in the middle and directly next to Abigail. A fiery shadow emerges from the trees. This shadow is the fiercest of all and one I know all too well. I freeze. As his flames extinguish, he yells. “You fool, it’s a trick. He would never turn her over to you. Get them!”
Before I even register what is going on, Nicholas’ hand retreats from mine, but not to let go of me. He sweeps me into his arms and we retreat at lightning speed. I cannot see Abigail, but hear the shouts and scuffles going on around us. Someone is quickly approaching behind us. Shifting my head to see if it is Abigail, we are knocked down. Despite falling to the ground, Nicholas does not let go of me. Jonathan is on top of him, ripping at his back, trying to peel him off of me. Nicholas pulls me tightly to his chest as he tries shaking Jonathan off. I hear Jonathan breaking Nicholas’ bones as Nicholas struggles to break free. All of a sudden, we are hit again, someone yells. “Run, get her out now!” Reginald is screaming spells and yelling for the others to move.
As Nicholas runs, I see the others embroiled in battles with the shadows that are upon us all. In the distance, a bright circular disk filled with light forms. Nicholas moves forward, but something is tugging him back. As he struggles to move toward the disk, we become enshrouded in scorching heat and despite Nicholas’ feet moving forward, we are being sucked deeper into the surrounding realm. A fiery lasso encircles his legs pulling us back.
His voice turns panicked. “Mia, you have to let go, so I can throw you before I lose my hands. Reginald will grab you, I’m sure of it, I can see him coming, but I can’t wrench us free and soon we will be too far back to escape.” Despite feeling the scorching of the ring of fire now at his waist, I grasp my own wrist, binding myself to him as he tries to shake me free.
“No! I won’t leave you!”
“You have to!” He struggles more, but I refuse to let go.
“No! Stop!”
Jonathan is upon us once more, pushing as we were being pulled back. Reginald and Victor have almost reached us. Bright, energy flows from Reginald’s hands like lightning bolts. I gasp. I can feel it hit Jonathan as he grabs me. Reginald throws another short burst of energy, Jonathan’s knees buckle and we are shaken. Our gateway is too far in the distance. The heat surrounding us makes it impossible to breathe and is more intense than what I experienced in the cave. We are being pulled into a disk of fire! Emerging from the disk is a black silhouette its outstretched arms are beckoning us. A flash of a man with soft auburn hair and sea foam soft eyes eclipses the silhouette, but fades immediately into black once more. As the dark arms stretch out to us, I can’t understand why I suddenly feel a sense of familiarity towards the one reaching for us, but not because I know who he is; it’s more a feeling that I can’t understand, a strange embodiment of a vision that I was in his arms before looking into his sea foam eyes.
Victor’s scream tears my attention away from what is behind us and the feeling vanishes. “Concentrate on your protectionist light, think of this as a dream, call for your light now, or you will be lost. Call on your light, see it compelling you to us.”
Reginald yells. “Mia, do it now, concentrate.”
Closing my eyes, I concentrate until I feel warmth replace the intense heat pulling us into the fiery abyss. The fire consuming us is quelled. Opening my eyes, the ring of fire is dimming around Nicholas and we stop moving backward. We are held in stasis. Reginald moves behind us throwing himself into the stream of fire.
Victor yells “Now” and then drops and rolls revealing the witch who was in Daniela’s room. Thrusting her hands forward, we are compelled sideways. Nicholas runs forward again. Victor and the woman grab hold of Reginald, pulling him from the stream.
A deafening “No, she belongs with me!” booms and echoes, shaking the trees, the ground, this reality. I hear a collective gasp above my own as this reality concaves around us. Is Daniela waking, closing our gateway, or is it the silhouette? Before I can truly consider this thought, the sky darkens and the fiery opening closes. The ground ceases shaking and our surroundings align once more. Scanning the area, Jonathan and the demon have disappeared, but the shadows remain. As Nicholas runs, I feel all energy draining from my body. My light extinguishes and all I see in the blackness of this reality is the fiery eyes of the shadows approaching and blocking our dimming gateway. Nicholas suddenly stops and walks back slowly. Three sets of fiery eyes are almost upon us, we will never escape now! As one reaches for us, Rachel screams, a burst of light shoots out before her, hitting the demon. They are now engaged in battle. Bursts of energy shoot across us like sideways lightning bolts. One encircles Rachel. Another immediately follows knocking her from the demon’s grasp and compelling her through the gateway.
As Nicholas backs away from the foreboding shadows, we are once again being pushed deeper into this realm. The bursts of light offer flashes of the others. Anthony breaks away from a demon and begins running for us but Reginald yells stop and I see him thrust backward into the closing sphere. As he passes through, the opening widens.
Nicholas’ lips are at my ear. I can distract them, but you are going to have to compel yourself forward into the disk, can you do that for me?”
Shaking my head violently, I speak too loud. “No, we agreed we are not going to let each other go!” Tightening my arms around him, I lock my hand around my wrist, knowing if I let him go, he will be lost to me forever. “We both get out or we both perish!”
Two sets of eyes fly at us as the opening narrows once more and we hit the ground hard. Nicholas pulls me tightly to his chest as we begin to roll. He is quickly upright. We are surrounded by crimson glowing shadows, moving closer and closer, the heat emanating from them scorches my back. Reginald and Victor are yelling as bursts of energy emanate from them, bursting through our crimson encasement. The demons appear to be hitting an invisible wall. One breaks through grabbing me, trying to wrench me from Nicholas’ grasp. If he pulls me free, I know I’ll be lost, they are too strong. Victor’s breathless shouts cut through the chaos. “Mia, picture your protective light again, you can do it, trust me. Call upon your light now. Closing my eyes, I concentrate on gathering the energy bursting around me to strengthen me. After several long minutes and almost being ripped from Nicholas, warmth and light enshroud the three of us. Opening my eyes, the demon finally casts Nicholas down, wrenching me free, but Nicholas lunges immediately at us, grasping my arm and the demon as a fight ensues in the confines of my protective light.
Reginald compels Carol and Shaun through the opening followed by Emma and Abigail. She yells. “Compel yourself forward, remember!”
Despite my body being held by the demon and Nicholas, my head is free. Thrusting it forward, then back, the jarring motion does not break the demon’s hold, but compels us forward slightly. I do it again as a surge hits us, moving us forward. As the demon and Nicholas continue to fight, I feel as though I’m being ripped apart. Suddenly, a burst of energy hits us and Nicholas’ mouth is at my ear. “We made it home, you trusted me. Thank you.”


Chapter Thirteen Rediscoveries

Opening my eyes, Andrew is standing before me, shielding me. We are in Daniela’s room. Gabriel is holding a shadow while Jackson and Eva stand before Andrew. Everyone is moving quickly. Daniela’s bed is gone. Scanning the faces, I realize Abigail is not here. Reginald bursts through the doorway, tossing a powdery substance at the demon. In a flash, the demon dissipates, its ashes float toward the floor. Andrew’s body relaxes and he kneels by me. Victor scuttles out of the room, returning with a dust pan and broom. Shaun leaves and returns with a wet rag. Everyone moves silently and in sync. Victor sweeps the ash and pours it into a pouch Reginald holds while Shaun washes the space then hands the rag to Reginald who places it in a beaker of solvent which he also places in his pouch.
I am so engrossed by what is happening around me that I don’t hear Andrew speaking to me until he turns my face toward him. “Are you alright, Mia, please answer me.”
“I’m fine, you’re here.” Throwing my arms around his neck, my eyes shift to his. To my relief they are the right color reassuring me that they both made it back.
“Of course I’m here. You trusted me and didn’t let me go.” Relief rings through his voice.
“I knew you were there with me. I could feel you. I saw you.” Tearing my eyes from his, I search for Abigail. I don’t understand, she’s not here, but I saw her with Emma. Tears well in my eyelids, spilling down my cheeks, Andrew’s voice turns anxious.
“What’s wrong, are you hurt? Are you in pain?”
I can barely speak. We failed! Looking toward Emma, I can’t understand why she isn’t upset.
“Mia, what’s wrong?”
“Abigail’s not here, we failed.” I croak. “Where’s Daniela, did we lose her too?” Devastation rips through me, for all that we risked we gained nothing.
His thumbs wipe away my escaping tears. “We got everyone. Daniela is fine. She is in the other room, groggy. We didn’t want her waking up and seeing what you brought through with you, so Lucas removed her.”
“But Abigail isn’t here.” I whisper breathlessly.
Emma kneels next to me. “We did get her, but she couldn’t come with us here. She is at peace with Raphael and Ann. The darkness can never again claim her.”
“But she is not with you.” My tears turn to sobs.
Emma takes my hands from Andrew. “Mia, I never expected her to be here with me the way you think of people being together. Her soul now rests in neutral territory and her energy has been released into nature. She will always be with me now, so don’t be sad. We accomplished more than I could have ever hoped for. Thank you for trusting the Nicholas persona. If you hadn’t, she would have been lost to me.”
Victor beckons her. “We need to help Reginald.” She rises.
Everyone leaves except for Gabriel, Eva and Jackson. “Do you need anything before we check on Daniela and get things ready for later.” Gabriel inquires.
“We’re all set; we’ll join you to help out shortly.” Andrew replies smiling.
As they depart, Jackson turns to me and teases. “Just because you came back doesn’t mean you can change your mind about allowing the twins to have turkey.” He winks at me then turns to Andrew. “Do you think that from here on out her only excitement is your wedding and honeymoon? All the rest needs to stop.”
“I agree whole heatedly,” he smiles.
Eva must have pulled him. His voice looms in the hallway. “I was leaving. You didn’t have to rush me.”
Andrew strokes my arm gently. “Are you sure you’re not hurt?”
“Why do you keep asking me that? It was your bones that I heard cracking when you were fighting with the demon.”
“Do you remember how we got back here?”
I could see the images of everything flashing through my mind, but they are still rather quick. “I remember being in Nicholas’ arms…I mean your arms and casting the light around us again, but the demon was with us. Is that why you’re asking me how I feel because of the fight?”
“What else do you remember?”
“I remember being dragged toward a fiery discus, seeing a silhouette emerging and feeling the scorching heat, but Reginald broke us free and as we moved forward, you fought with the demon. I feel a little battered, but otherwise I’m fine. I’m just happy to be here with you.” I pull him closer. “I was afraid we weren’t coming back. Why you would tell me to let you go, you promised.”
His embrace tightens around me. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think I could get us out and I couldn’t stand the idea of you being caught there. Do you remember anything else?”
“It’s still a little foggy and my mind is still racing. Why, what did I miss? Why do you sound so concerned?”
He hesitates, shifts back, takes my hands, kissing them, but his tone turns serious. “When the demon came through with you, they had to cast it out of you and grab hold of it.”
“I don’t understand, I know it got pushed through with us, but didn’t we all just get back?”
“We returned an hour ago. When you jumped through with the demon in your protective light, it came through on this plane in you. They worked very quickly and efficiently to remove it, but Reginald said that you could feel drained. He said you may even feel as if someone had beaten you up.”
Staring at him, I can’t believe it was tied to me. “Are they sure they got it all?”
“They are absolutely sure, don’t worry about that, I just want to know how you feel physically.”
Standing up, I’m a little lightheaded. My gait is unsteady. Andrew wraps his arm around my waist so I won’t fall. Walking slowly around the room, my torso feels sore as if I had fallen on the ice outside, but other than that, only a headache remains. “I could use some aspirin.”
“I’ll be right back.”
“Do you mind if I come with you. I want to get back to the residency, get the twins and help out.”
“Mia, everything for later is under control and you need to rest.”
“Would you mind if I came with you anyway so we can get to the residency.”
He intertwines our fingers. “Let’s go.”
As we walk back, he kisses my hand. “I’m sorry that I frightened you back there. I could see the worry in your eyes, but you still held on. Why?”
Turning toward him, I smile. “I held on because it was you. Even in your Nicholas persona, I could see that you were there with me and in my moment of doubt, it was your eyes I saw telling me that you were there and everything would be fine.” Drawing in a deep breath, “I have to admit when you saw Abigail and talked about not wanting her to suffer I became afraid that if your Nicholas side was more dominant that you would not be able to stand the thought of her suffering because you felt guilty about not being able to get to her in time and save her when she was burned at the stake, but then you squeezed my hand. I had to hold on to the belief that when you told me to trust you and not listen to anything else you had to say because both sides of you would not allow harm to come to me that what you said was the truth and that what you were saying before the demon was all part of your plan.”
“You really are remarkable. I promise that I will never give you a reason to lose faith in me.”
“How could my faith in someone so good ever waiver?” I smile. “I truly can see the goodness of your heart no matter what persona you shroud yourself in.”
He laughs as we step through the door. Catherine is on the floor playing with the twins. I launch myself down, hugging them fiercely.
Catherine talks to Andrew. “Did everything go alright?”
“We had one unwelcome visitor return with us but they are taking care of it now.”
“How is Daniela doing?”
“Her vitals were strong when she was waking up, but Lucas had to remove her from the room. We didn’t want her to see anything. Could you go and check and see if everything is alright or if Lucas needs anything from me?”
“I’ll do that right now. Do you have your cell?”
“Yes, if you need me call. Otherwise, I’ll see you later. I want to convince Mia that we have everything under control for later so she will rest.”
Catherine smiles, “There is nothing to do until it’s time to serve dinner.” She says heading out the door.
It’s a relief when Catherine doesn’t call for Andrew. It’s nice to have some time after all that craziness. As the day progresses, I feel more drained than when we returned. Deciding to give the twins a nap before dinner, I decide to rest hoping to feel stronger. Rising with Kayla, I can barely stand. My arms feel as though they are weighted down by hundred pound weights. Andrew carries Nicholas towards the bedroom, but I can’t move my feet another step and Kayla feels as if she is going to fall out of my arms. Sitting in the middle of the floor, afraid to do anything else, Andrew is by my side instantly. “What’s wrong?”
“I feel a little weak and didn’t want to risk carrying her.”
His features turn grave. “You have to feel more than a little weak to sink to the floor like that.”
“It’s nothing, but could you put them down.”
He hesitates as he takes Kayla from me. “Don’t move. I’ll be right back for you.”
“It’s probably just the adrenaline wearing off. Aren’t you the one who told me that I would feel as if was beaten up?” I joke hoping to lighten his anxious mood but it does not change.
“Just don’t move.” He says sternly.
My head pounds; I try lifting my hands to rub my temple, but they fall with a thud to the floor. Shutting my eyes, hoping for some relief, I am moving. Andrew must have picked me up. Trying to wrench my lids open, they are sealed shut! Concentrating, I cannot see, nor can I move my limbs. I fight to open my mouth to call out to Andrew, but it feels as if it is sewn shut! Darkness surrounds me as terror rises within me. I can’t move! A crimson glow forms in the distance, moving ever so slowly toward me. I’m petrified but can’t even feel my heart racing. Have I fallen asleep and started to dream? Knowing that in my dreams I can protect myself, I concentrate on my protective light trying to force it to encircle me, but it does not appear. Jonathan is upon me. His heat scorches me. The embers in his black eyes spark to a flame. I smell the sulfur emanating from his breath as he speaks.
“It won’t come to you here. This is not a dream or an alternate realm. I am only an image so I can’t hurt you this time.” His voice is menacing.
Staring, he does appear transparent. I can’t dispel the fear that his appearance is connected with the demon that came back through me. Fearing the worst, I try desperately to bring forth my light.
He spits ash in my face and his tone turns indignant. “How can someone so slow thwart us? I told you it won’t come to you. I only have a moment before my gateway closes so listen closely so that you can understand what I am telling you. THIS IS NOT OVER! I WILL SUFFER FOR LOSING YOU YET AGAIN DEAR…” He pauses, recomposing himself “ I HAVE ALL ETERNITY AND YOUR LUCK WILL RUN OUT! YOU CANNOT THWART ME FOREVER AND WHEN I GET HOLD OF YOU, I PROMISE YOU THAT I WILL BE UNMERCIFUL IN THE TORTURE THAT I…”
He bursts into flames before me. In that instant, I feel a cool hand upon my wrist and a cool cloth on my head. My eyes flutter open. I am in my bedroom. Andrew is taking my pulse. Trying to sit up, he moves his hand from my wrist to my shoulder, holding me down. “Stay down.” His tone resonates concern. “Did you try to get up when I left?”
“No, I didn’t move an inch.”
“What happened?”
“I was waiting for you to come back and my head started pounding.” As the fog clears, I realize what I saw and grab Andrew’s arms. “It’s not over! Jonathan came to me. He said it’s not over!” Despite seeing Andrew before me, I begin hyperventilating.
Enfolding me in his strong arms, he tries to comfort me. “Mia, he wasn’t here. It must have been a dream.”
Struggling to push out the words, “I know he isn’t here now, but he said he had forever to come back and make me pay for escaping him. What if he comes back and does something to you?”
Pulling me into his chest, gently caressing my back, his voice turns soft. “Mia, take it easy, it had to be a dream, I’m fine and no one is coming for me. I’m right here, it’s alright.”
I pull away from him. “It wasn’t a dream. I felt the heat emanating from him. It was something more. In a dream I can pull my protective light around me. It was something else.”
Taking out his cell, he dials someone. “Have you completed the task? Can you meet me in Mia’s suite?” Closing the telephone, “Reginald is on his way. Maybe he can shed some light on this.” Drawing me into his chest again, “Don’t worry about Jonathan. He cannot grab hold of you or any of us, just think about how many times he has already failed. Don’t let his message upset you. If he does manage to come back some day, I’m sure Reginald has many tricks up his sleeve as you saw when we went after Abigail. I’m sure he can show us something to make you feel better, but right now you need to stay calm.”
“What was Reginald doing there anyway? It looked as if the demons were running into a clear wall.”
“Not a wall, a shield, he uses the energy around him to combat energy coming toward him. He is very helpful to have in a fight isn’t he?” He is straining to sound light.
Hearing a knock, Andrew rises. As I sit up, my head pounds worse than ever. “I’ll bring him in here if you don’t mind.”
Placing my head back on the pillow for some relief, I wait. Reginald sits at the end of my bed. “Andrew told me what happened. What do you remember?”
As I reiterate what happened, he shakes his head and glances toward Andrew. “When we sent the demon back through, he seized the opportunity to push a message out. He couldn’t harm you. When the gateway opened, Jonathan projected his threatening message. Knowing how receptive Mia is to him, he directed it toward her, but he couldn’t hurt you.” He says focusing on me. “He isn’t even on this plane. Considering his failure record, I’m sure he won’t return anytime soon.”
His attempt at reassurance doesn’t help. “Eternity is a very long time. He said he would torture me, the best way to do that is to hurt the ones I love.” My heart pounds against my chest as images of him hurting my family bombards my consciousness, Reginald places his hand on mine. “Mia, please you need to relax. I know this world is new to you, but you can’t let it cause you this type of anxiety. You’ll make yourself crazy. You have been through quite an ordeal, but you need to understand that you have some very powerful allies on your side, ones you have not even met yet. We are quite a group. We have been fighting off the darkness for quite some time and learned many tricks of our own, that’s why accurate information is always important, your observations are crucial. Each new experience helps us learn something new about them and usually helps us find another way to defeat them. In time, we can teach you some of those tricks, but for now, you should allow yourself to absorb what is around you and trust us to protect you until you are ready to learn how to use your skills. As far as Jonathan is concerned, don’t worry about him. I’m sure there is something of his still around here. I’ll put a tracking spell on his energy. Although someone can mask their appearance, they cannot change their energy. If he returns, we’ll know about it and take care of him. You have nothing to worry about.” His voice is reassuring. “As you become stronger, you will feel more confident in your ability to combat the darkness. As we are loyal to each other, they fight amongst each other seeking power and would turn on one another for a higher spot in his army, but that only weakens them as they try to stand against those who band together to defeat them. You are with a wonderful and strong family who will help you come into your own. We can also help you along. I have been around a few millennia making sure that the good ones know where to find each other and learn strategies to combat the demons.” He pats my hand. “It has been quite a day. I know that there are people who are looking forward to seeing you at the Thanksgiving table. We will have plenty of time for the surreal later. Rest, clear your head and allow the pounding to subside so you can enjoy the day’s pleasantries. I will see you later.” He’s out the door.
Andrew sits beside me. “He’s right. William, John and the rest of the patients would be terribly disappointed if you are not at the table. Try to sleep. If you feel better later we can go over to dinner.” He covers me and heads for the door.
“Can you stay?” I inquire hopeful.
He nods, “If you promise to sleep.”
“I know that I’m being foolish, but I need to be near you now. I’m sorry.”
“Stop apologizing. I was just going to check on the twins and return if they were still sleeping.” 
He returns with a cup of tea. “This might help the headache.” He cradles me while I drink. The warm liquid soothes my tumultuous stomach and my pounding head. I curl up next to him and fall asleep.
Waking, I am grateful he is beside me, stroking my hair. I feel much better. “How long have I been out?”
“Only about an hour, how are you feeling?”
“Much better, thank you for staying with me”
“I want to be with you always, that’s why we’re getting married remember.” He laughs.
Shimmying myself up, I draw my hand slowly up his torso and wrap my arms around his strong neck, pulling me to his lips. “In a few weeks you can no longer back away from me, Dr. St. Cloud when you think I’m getting too close. You are going to have to relax and let me get as close as I want.” I tease, kissing him again.
He finally shifts back. “If you start that, we’ll be late for dinner and you’ll have everyone worried. Hold that thought until after dinner. We should get ready and go over.”
Kissing him once more, I rise surprised that even my body feels better. “I will hold you to your word when we return.”
He laughs and kisses my nose. “I would expect nothing less. Why don’t we change and then we’ll get the twins up.”
Showering, I settle on my black pants and maroon sweater so that I can help. Entering the twins’ room, Andrew is already there. Turning, he is wearing his charcoal pants and light gray v-neck sweater, my heart breaks into a sprint as my eyes move down from his oceanic eyes to his perfect physique.
He smiles and comes over to me. “You look breathtaking.”
I laugh. “I was just thinking the same thing about you, but I’m sure you can tell that.”
“Well, you do have some telltale signs as to what you are thinking when we are together.” He teases as his perfect lips glide down my jawline to my lips. “We should get them up before I forget why I came in here.”
Walking into the terminal building with the twins, Gabriel is carrying trays. The twins’ high chairs are at the end of the St. Cloud table where Emma and Victor are putting down plates. As I approach Emma, Kayla reaches for her dangling earrings. “May I? I could use the practice, Anthony just told me that he and Carol are expecting.”
“Congratulations, I’m so happy for you.” Andrew joins us and Victor takes Nicholas as we grab our aprons. It is nice seeing the faces of patients I haven’t seen in so long. William appears relieved and is joking with John. I move over to them with a tray and William hugs me. “Can I hand those out for you?”
“Thank you, but I want to do this today and you need to enjoy the holiday.”
“I am everything feels as if it is back to normal. While you were hurt, everyone was anxious. I hated seeing them that way and feeling like I wouldn’t see you again.”
“I’m happy too. Maybe tomorrow you and I can sit down with the twins and you could show me the rest of your work.” He smiles widely. I wink at him then turn to pass out the rest of the meal. It is very comforting to see everyone enjoying themselves.
Serving the last patient, I notice Lucas coming down the stairs and inquire about Daniela. He surprises me with a big bear hug. “How are you doing? Reginald told me about your little message. Don’t let his idle threats scare you or take away your happiness.”
“You and I both know that the threats are not idle though don’t we.”
He takes my hands. “You are forgetting who is watching out for you and how strong you already are. You need to realize something,” He moves us away from the patients. “He couldn’t touch you while you were human, he failed again and again and you haven’t even come into your own. Don’t waste time worrying about him. By the time he can come back, you could probably send him back to hell with one flick of the wrist.” He laughs.
I can’t help but hope he will never be allowed back, despite my knowing better. As visions of his last image cause fear to creep into my heart, I need to change my darkening mood. “How is Daniela doing?”
“She is awake but disoriented. She doesn’t remember anything and can’t understand what she is doing here or why her family isn’t with her.”
“Have you told her anything?”
“We told her that she lapsed into a coma, but to tell her anything more so soon may be too much. Her vitals are strong and she is even feeling hungry, so I thought that I would come and make her a dish, Catherine is staying with her.” A smile crosses his lips. “I forgot how much fun Catherine could be and how much we have in common.”
His smile is contagious. I hope this new found facet of their relationship buds into something that can fill the void occupying both their hearts. “Why don’t you go back upstairs and I’ll make a plate and bring it up.”
His features turn stunned. “Are you ready to see her again? She’s awake now.”
“I know, but Lucas she has been through so much. I felt it when we channeled. She saw the horrific things she was doing to her family. She felt trapped and couldn’t understand any of it. I could feel how she only wanted to die to stop the carnage. Even though she doesn’t remember it now, I believe some of that has left an imprint upon her. Even without that, she is waking up surrounded by strangers after losing so much time. I know how frightening that can be. I woke up that way, but for me, the fear only lasted a few moments, my family returned. Daniela is going to have to face a lifetime without those she loves. I know better than anyone what that feels like. She is not a danger to me, but she has suffered because someone wanted to get to me, to us. I’m just hoping that maybe my being able to relate to what she’s going through will in some small way allow me to help her.”
His tone reflects his shock. “You’re remarkable. I’ll see you shortly.”
Crossing the room, I should have realized Andrew could hear us. He is at my ear. “Are you sure about this?”
I withdraw so he can see I’m unconcerned. “I’m positive that I can help her. I know what she is feeling, but she doesn’t get a chance to wake up from her nightmare. What type of person would I be if I didn’t help? Stay with the twins and make sure Jackson doesn’t give them too much turkey, I won’t be long.”
Putting a plate together, I ascend the stairs. Reaching her door, I hear Catherine and Lucas trying to joke with her. Opening it, I recognize an all too familiar look on her face. She knows something is wrong, somewhere she must feel the emptiness, the loss. I can’t say anything that may put her at risk, but I need her to connect to me before the devastating blow. She will need someone to hold on to; someone who knows what she is experiencing, who can help her with the transition. As her eyes meet mine, there isn’t even a trace of recognition or any signs of deception. Walking closer, all I see is worry and confusion.
“Hi, I’m Mia Angelis. I hope you like turkey with the most wonderful stuffing imaginable. I wasn’t sure what type of vegetables you like or if you prefer gravy, so I put it on the side and brought you some of each.” Ensuring my voice sounds cheery, I smile, but she stares past me, probably looking for her family.
“Will you tell me why my family isn’t here and how long I’ve been out?” Her voice is small. “They keep trying to distract me, but my mother always stays with me whenever I’m in the hospital or if she can’t, my father would stay.”
Knowing an outright lie will foreclose my ever gaining her trust I place the tray before her and sit. I gauge my voice to sound as nonchalant as possible. “We are a very special hospital specializing in caring for people beyond conventional treatments, but we are fairly far away and don’t have the capacity to allow family members to stay with us. I know that waking up in a strange place is quite disconcerting but all we want to do is help you. I can’t tell you how relieved we are to see you awake.”
“I know you are trying to make me feel as if you know how it is, but how could you, it’s so awful. I can’t even describe it. You have no idea what it’s like when your last memory is having dinner with your family and then you wake up months later in a strange hospital room across the county, alone.”
Tears run down her cheeks. “I know you are far from home, but everyone thought our hospital would be the best opportunity for you to get better. Our physicians deal with rare cases. I wanted to introduce myself to you because I not only sound as if I know what you are going through, I know exactly how you feel. I had an accident that tore me away from my children and family for a long time and woke up surrounded by strangers. I came to realize that they were good people like those who want to help you. When I woke up, I felt very weak and vulnerable. I promise you that you are very safe here and we only have your best interest at heart. You can help us get you stronger if you eat and follow instructions. Once I started eating and listening to those trying to help me, I got better. Can you do that for me?” I inquire rising. “I’ll come back and check on you in a little while.”
She grabs my hand. “Would you mind staying a little longer? It’s nice seeing someone who was out like me doing well.” She glances over to Lucas and Catherine. “I know that Dr. St. Cloud and Dr. Masters have been trying to entertain me and keep me alert but I can tell they really don’t want to tell me anything, it’s almost like they’re afraid I’ll slip away again. It would be nice to find out how you coped with waking up and losing so much time.” A look of panic crosses her face. “Dr. Angelis, are they are afraid that I will slip away again?”
I reach my hand out to her. “No, you won’t slip back. I’ll be happy to stay with you if you’ll try and eat for me. We will have plenty of time to talk about what happened to you. In the meantime tell me about yourself.” I turn to Lucas. “Can you tell Andrew, I’m going to stay here for a while getting to know our newest friend and will join him later?”
Lucas leaves, but Catherine stays. Looking into Daniela’s eyes, I see no hint of deception, nor do I feel even a modicum of fear. “So what do you like to do with your spare time?’
Her eyes become very animated. “During the summer, I love working with my mother. She’s a baker and makes the most awesome chocolate mousse pies, but you can only eat a small slice. It is so rich you’ll get sugar shock if you eat too much.” She laughs then her eyes turn sad. “I wish we were making one now.”
“We have a wonderful gentleman who cooks here. I’m sure his pies can never match your mother’s but I know that he made a chocolate cheesecake that I highly recommend.”
“That would be nice, I do love cheesecake too.”
Turning to Catherine, “Do you think you can rescue a piece before everyone eats it?” She looks at me questioningly, but I nod. “We’ll be fine here.”
Turning my attention back to Daniela, “We have a great recreation facility here. Do you think you may be interested in visiting it when you feel a little stronger?”
“That would be great. Do you have a good workout room? I want to be in shape when I return to school. I’m head of the basketball team and run track in the springtime. I’m sure that I’m rusty and have heard if you don’t use your muscles for a long time that it can be a problem.”
“We have an excellent workout room and even an indoor pool. Do you swim?”
“I was on the swim team in high school, but when I got to college, I had to choose and basketball is a lot of fun. Do you play?”
“Not very well, the best I ever did was fool around with friends.”
“That’s too bad. It can be really exhilarating to intercept a ball and get down the court before the other team realizes you have it. Do you think I’ll be able to go home soon? I want to be able to start again in January.
I have to be careful. “I’m not one of your assigned physicians so I really don’t know what the plan is. You need to take one step at a time.” I try steering the conversation to a safer topic. “Were you in any other clubs in school?”
“Last session I joined student government and participated in a few mock trials. My professors were trying to expose me to the legal field and thought I should try for a legal internship, but I always thought of myself more as a history teacher.”
I want to cry thinking about the future the surreal has ripped away from her because some demon thought she had enough family members to dispose of to get our attention. I wonder if someday she’ll be allowed to fulfill her dreams, but then again, her entire world is going to come crashing down on her. Before I dwell, the door opens and a cool hand is on my shoulder. From my heart’s reaction, I know it is Andrew. He’s holding a large piece of cheesecake with whipped cream.
Placing the cake on the tray, he holds out his hand to Daniela. “It’s nice to see you awake, I’m Andrew.”
“It’s nice to meet you. Are you a friend of Dr. Angelis?”
“Yes. I am also one of your physicians.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. It’s a little confusing when you don’t see lab coats.”
“There’s nothing to apologize for. I sometimes can’t tell who is a physician here without seeing lab coats.” He laughs.
She smiles at him. “Could you tell me if I will be going home soon? Dr. Angelis said she couldn’t because she wasn’t assigned to my case.”
“I can’t say right now, you just got up from a very long sleep and we have to make sure you are doing well.”
“Has anyone called my parents to let them know I’m awake? Are they on their way or could I call them and tell them that I am awake now?”
“We can talk about all of this once you have a chance to adjust to being awake and we have a chance to work with you a little.”
Her features turn grave. “Something’s happened, hasn’t it? Everyone is beating around the bush. What is it that you’re not telling me? Is my mother or father hurt? Is that why they aren’t here?”
“Daniela it isn’t good for you to get this anxious. Your body has already gone through such a taxing process that it would not be wise to strain it further.” He moves closer to her motioning to me to get Eva. As I reach the door, she calls out.
“Dr. Angelis, please don’t go. Tell me what’s going on.”
I make my tone reassuring. “I’ll be right back, I just need one minute.”
“Do you promise you’ll come back and talk to me?”
“I promise I’ll be right back.” Moving quickly downstairs, I whisper in Eva’s ear so the patients don’t hear, but I can tell those at our table do. Eva gets up. Gabriel follows with Emma and Victor who stop at the bottom stairs. Joining hands, they begin chanting.
Entering the room, I can tell that Andrew has not told her. Her eyes grow wide as Eva and Gabriel step in. Gabriel moves over to the machinery. He must be getting a reading as Eva introduces herself.
“Hi Daniela, I’m Eva. Mia tells me that you very anxious about not being able to contact your parents.”
Daniela’s eyes dart around the room wildly. “This isn’t a hospital, is it?” She hoists herself back. “My parents don’t have any money, please just return me home. I promise I don’t know where I am or who you are. I’m not a threat to you if you free me. Please just let me go.”
Eva advances. “Daniela, this is a hospital, you have been in a coma and today is Thanksgiving, that’s why aren’t wearing our typical attire. I know you are frightened, but I promise you, no one here wants to hurt you, you are safe and at Sanctuary Hospital in Maine.”
“Why won’t you let me speak to my parents? They would be happy I’m awake and would come to take me home.”
Eva’s eyes shift to Gabriel who nods. Her voice turns soft. “I will tell you everything, but I need you to tell me the last thing you remember?”
Daniela’s posture relaxes slightly. “I picked up my siblings from the bus stop and prepared dinner. My parents were both going to be home which is unusual because my dad usually drives at night so he can get my siblings ready for school. My mother brought an apple pie which I heated. Then I woke up here. Now please tell me why you won’t let me call my parents?”
Eva sits. Gabriel leaves and returns with something in his pocket.
“Daniela, I’m very sorry…”
Before she gets another word out, Daniela’s eyes fill with tears. “My father was in an accident, he’s dead isn’t he?”
“I’m so very sorry, but he’s gone.”
Daniela’s hands fly to her face as sobs rip through her chest. Knowing that this is only the first in many devastating blows, I advance toward her, sitting at the side of her bed, rubbing her arm. “I’m so sorry.” She slowly withdraws her hands, her voice becomes pleading. “I need to speak with my mother, she must be devastated.”
Looking toward Eva, she nods. My voice cracks as I see the devastation in Daniela’s eyes while my mind replays my own experience when Lucas ended my world. “I’m sorry, I would let you talk to her, but she…”
Daniela’s hand springs up. “No, don’t say it. It isn’t true, you’re lying.” She thrusts herself against the headboard. “I want to talk to my parents now! Stop lying to me!” Swinging her legs off the bed, she hoists herself off but her legs buckle. Andrew lifts her up, placing her back in bed. “Get your hands off of me, you are all liars! My parents aren’t dead! We had dinner together! They were going to bed! You’re lying! Stop it”
Gabriel plunges a syringe into her IV. She struggles and slowly becomes calm. Eva motions for me to follow her into the hallway. Emma and Victor are still holding hands, but are now at the top of the stairs and no longer chanting.
Emma turns to Eva. “Do you still need the shield?”
“Not right now. Could you tell Jackson to get the newspaper clippings, we are going to have to devastate this poor child’s world. I can’t risk lying to her or we will never be able to help her. Tell him I only want the parents’ clippings. We are going to have to do this gradually.”
Eva turns to me. “We can handle this. It’s probably going to get pretty bad.”
“I would like to stay. I know what she is feeling and think I can help. Eva, since she only has her uncle left, is there any way to get him here and make him forget what he saw about Daniela? If she could at least have him to grab hold of, just one little bit of hope, one person in her family, maybe it would help her. I know you don’t take people here who aren’t targeted, but she feels isolated and I know how important it was for me to try to hold on to anything that would help.”
Eva stares without saying anything for a few minutes. “It’s a good idea, if the uncle can be compelled to forget, otherwise, it would be an even bigger problem. I don’t know enough about what can be done to erase his memory of Daniela, but speak with Reginald, he would know.”
 I head downstairs where Reginald is talking with Jason, but I head first to Martina. “I’m sorry to ask, but Eva is going to tell Daniela. Would you mind putting the twins to bed? I need to talk to Reginald about her uncle.”
“I don’t mind at all.” She says as Rachel offers to help too.
Thanking them, I hug the twins before going over to Reginald. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but I really need some information from you to help Daniela.” He seems surprised. “What’s wrong?”
He clears his throat. “I know that you understand that Daniela didn’t do anything to you, but looking at her must remind you of what you went through and yet the concern in your voice and eyes seems quite genuine.”
“I am concerned about her. We are about to send her careening into my worst nightmare, but she doesn’t have the hope of getting the miracle I received. I can’t tell you how much I wish that I could rescue her the way you rescued me. No one should have to go through such devastation, especially someone like that young girl who did absolutely nothing to deserve it, but get trapped within her body as a demon used her to kill her family.” I can hear the utter aggravation in my voice.
He put his hand on my shoulder. “Mia, I know that you saw her feeling trapped within herself as it happened, but that was on a level which she will never penetrate in her lifetime. You saw what a small part of her subconscious was imprinting on her soul, but I assure you that mortals possessed or bewitched do not remember what they did or what occurred once the influence is removed. So what did you come to me for help with?”
“I need you to tell me that you have enough power or know someone who can wipe away the memory of Daniela’s uncle regarding her involvement in the murders. I want to bring him here so that she has someone to grab hold of to stop her spiraling world.”
He smiles. “I can do that easily.”
“Is there any chance of him ever remembering?”
“Not that I’m aware. Although nothing in our realm is absolute, I have never come across anyone who has remembered.”
I become excited. “I need to tell Eva and make some phone calls. I’ll see you later.” I rush upstairs and knock on the door. Eva comes out. I hear Daniela sobbing. My heart breaks knowing how lost she is feeling.
“What did he say?”
“He can do it.”
“What about him remembering?”
“He says he has never had anyone remember. Eva, we need to risk it, please. I know that if he spends time with her, even if somewhere down the road he possibly gets flickers of memories, he will discount them, believe his mind is playing tricks on him because of the loss. It sounds like they were a close family. When I channeled with Reginald, I felt that she wanted to die rather than hurt her family. We have to give her this chance to hold on to something good.” I plead.
“I agree.” You make a very persuasive argument. Since you have already spoken to Dr. Meyers, give him a call and try to get the transfer started.
“Thank you.”
“I know this may sound strange, but you are making me so proud, you are thinking about the needs of your patient and coming up with compassionate solutions. You are quite a psychiatrist.”
Pulling the telephone out of my pocket, I call Dr. Meyers.
By the next day, Catherine has secured his transfer and she and Francis go to ensure that his transfer to our facility is quick and smooth.
The next morning as I enter Andrew’s office, he is on the telephone. Walking around the desk, I caress his cheek while he finishes his conversation. “When you get here, take him to the restricted building.” Hanging up, he turns to me. “They should be here tomorrow morning. We need to find Reginald and let him know.
Reginald is in the residency speaking with Shaun and Anthony who are getting ready to leave.
After speaking to Reginald, we check on the twins. Emma and Victor are playing with them. Sitting by Emma, “I hear you’re leaving today.”
“We need to go home for a little while to keep the farm running, but Rachel will be staying. She and Jason have been getting close and she isn’t ready to leave yet, so if you have any questions, she’ll be happy to help you.” She hugs me. “We’ll be back before you know it. There are only a few weeks before your special day.”
My palm hits my head as I realize that the only thing I had to do for this wedding, pick out an outfit for myself and the twins, I haven’t done. Darting around the suite, I don’t see the catalog I dog eared before everything went terribly wrong. The only thing I had to do, I can’t even manage!
Emma is next to me. “What’s wrong? You look like you’re trying to track an out of control bird.”
Taking in a deep breath, I still can’t calm myself. “I just forgot to order something and need to find a catalog, before…” I stop. They have overnight delivery and I have time. Andrew retreats into the kitchen. Returning, he is holding the catalog and sporting a huge smile.
“Did you forget about something?” Moving toward him, I reach for the catalog. He lifts his hand so I cannot reach it. “Maybe this means you don’t really want to marry me, since you forgot to order your dress.” He teases.
“Maybe I’m considering marrying you in my casual clothes.” Stretching, I still fail to reach the magazine. Wrapping his free hand around me, his porcelain lips brush mine tenderly before moving toward my ear. “I called the company, when they told me you hadn’t ordered anything, I ordered what you tabbed for the twins, but was wondering if wouldn’t mind doing something for me.” He says slyly.
Staring into his entertained eyes, I hear someone laugh behind me. “What did you do?”
Bringing his other hand down, he embraces me lovingly. “I know I shouldn’t have interfered” he tries to sound contrite but fails miserably, “I just thought that since you hadn’t ordered the suit which looks more like a business suit than a wedding dress, you wouldn’t mind trying on what I found for you.” Before I can reply, his fingertip is at my lips. “If you don’t like it, the company assured me they have your size and can overnight the suit.”
I’m skeptical considering how different our tastes are. “Andrew, considering what you believe about my bathing attire, maybe you should just give me the catalog.”
His features turn playful. “Mia, how can you choose such wonderful outfits for the twins, but never consider how beautiful you are when choosing for yourself.” His lips tickle my neck.
Drawing in a jagged breath, I hope I won’t regret my response. “If it is embarrassing, I’m calling the company and wearing the suit.”
“It’s not embarrassing, it’s flattering.” He smiles. “You should let Eva see it on you though since you still don’t believe me about your bathing attire.”
Staring at him, “I can’t trust Eva, she always sides with you. Maybe I’ll ask Jackson,” I tease, “At least he’ll tell me the truth.”
His response shocks me. “That’s a good idea provided that if he believes it looks good, you promise to wear it.”
“Why do I think that I’m being set up?” I inquire kissing his cheek. “You can show me tonight. Since you finished your rounds, you can stay with the twins. I promised some patients I would see them this afternoon. 
Walking over to the psychiatric building, I see all of the patients, except William and begin laying the groundwork for Daniela’s return. Each patient, before coming here, experienced terrible problems with overmedication and remembers talking about how their minds felt cloudy and how they felt detached and sometimes even inhuman. 
I indicate to each of them that even though William saw something terrible, Daniela’s bizarre behavior was related to overmedication which poisoned her system and confounded her mind. I tell them how we even found that she was hiding medication in the hems of her clothing and taking it while here because her physicians convinced her that she couldn’t live without it and that as the medications mixed, she was essentially poisoning her body and her mind causing such violent behavior. I go on to explain that even after detoxifying her body, she is still suffering from a loss of memory concerning ever being here and is devastated by the loss of her family, the same way each of them were distraught after losing their family. I’m surprised and relieved at the compassion expressed by each of the patients as they relate their experiences to her situation. Each assures me that if we feel she is no danger and are considering taking her back here instead of leaving her in an institutional setting which they were happy to escape from that they’ll do all they can to help her. I only hope William’s reaction to my news will be the same.
Heading to William’s room, I need to be more careful considering what he saw. After talking about his newest sketches, I begin. “William, I need to talk to you about something that I shared with you the other day and later found out I was completely wrong.”
“Doc, I can’t see you being completely wrong about anything.” He smiles.
“Do you remember what I told you about Daniela?”
“Yes, but how could you be wrong about her, I saw her hurt you.”
“I know you did and I know you saw how upset and angry she could get when you talked to her, but I learned what was causing that. Do you remember when you weren’t quite yourself and didn’t really know what you were doing?”
He’s silent for a few moments. “I remember what I told you about getting ready to light the house on fire, but honestly, I don’t remember too many details. I felt more like an observer back then to my life, trapped in my body, watching as I did things that I couldn’t understand with my mind cloudy because of all the medication I was on.”
“Something similar to your circumstances happened to Daniela. She had been through so many different institutions with each physician heavily medicating her. All of the changes in her medications were causing very bad reactions in her system. The physicians had her so convinced that she needed the medications they prescribed that she hid some in her clothes and as she went from institution to institution, between her self-medication and new medications, her system was being poisoned, causing her to suffer delusions and even become violent. I had a chance to speak with her professors, friends and even take a good look into her records, before tragedy hit her the way it has hit so many here, she was quite a wonderful young woman who worked with her mother, took care of her siblings and loved her family. After suffering their loss, she was further victimized by being trapped within herself because of all of the medications, fears and mistakes.”
“Doc that’s pretty bad, I mean I hated being overly medicated and feeling like I was looking at myself from somewhere else not recognizing what was going on and the reason why. Are you sure that happened to her? She didn’t seem blurry eyed or slow with her speech like I remember feeling.
Reaching across to him, “Each patient reacts differently. In Daniela’s case, her body was probably adjusting to the medications so that her speech and eyes maintained some normalcy. In her case, it was affecting her attitude and ability to react normally to things. The medication was causing her to become angry and suffer delusions.”
“That’s awful. Have you heard how she’s doing now?”
“She is more herself now that the medications are out of her system but they have left her without any recollection of her behavior over the past few months or what she saw happen to her family. She only recently learned about her parents and that devastated her. I fear for her when she is told about the fate of the rest of her family. From what I have learned, they were her whole world.”
His eyes fill with compassion as memories of what he felt when he experienced the devastation of losing his own family is probably flashing before him. “Is she being helped or is she in a place that will cause her to spiral again? I know that Eva helped me when I was in Boston, but when she wasn’t there I always felt I had to hide what happened. I didn’t find peace until I came here.”
“I’m so happy you are doing well here. I want Daniela to have that same opportunity. I can’t tell you how much her story touches me. I know what it’s like to lose ones you love and feel lost.”
His features turn understanding. “You’re considering bringing her back here aren’t you?”
Wanting to gauge his reaction to the thought of her returning without alarming him, I tread carefully. “I am confident that she is not a danger to me or anyone and I know she is having a very difficult time dealing with her devastating loss. I would hate to see her mind poisoned again and have to bury what happened for fear of being over medicated.”
“Are you sure she’s no danger to you, she seemed pretty upset with you?”
“I am, she was only that way, because her delusions caused her to attach to someone and I was working with her. You know me well enough that I would never even think of having her back here if I thought she would be a danger to anyone. I look upon all of you as family and would never risk any of you.”
He smiles. “I know that. If you think that you can help her the way you have helped us, you should do what you think is best. Since everything she did was directed against you, if you can accept her being here, then so should we.”
Hugging him, “William, you are a beautiful person inside and out.” 
Returning to the residency, Serena is putting the twins in their high chairs. Feeding them and then bathing them, Andrew walks in. I fill him in on what went on with the others as he reads to the twins. He puts them to bed, so I can check on Daniela.
Walking into the building, Reginald, Rachel, Jason, Nicole and Daniela are watching a movie. Seeing me, she rises, but I motion for her to finish the movie which is almost over. Grabbing some coffee, when I turn, Reginald is there.
“You are quite remarkable you know.” He says staring at me.
“I wish everyone would stop saying that. I didn’t do anything.”
“Oh yes you have. You have quite an ability to look beyond the images that surround you to see the truth. Even though you can understand the concept that Daniela didn’t do anything to you, I’m sure seeing her makes the images associated with her much harder to dispel causing your incident to stay with you longer, yet you struggle to look beyond that to help her. Losing you would have been quite a loss for our side. I can’t tell you how happy I am that you succeeded. It will be very interesting watching you come into your own. You are going to be quite a formidable force.”
He brushes my pendant. “She had potential but refused to even entertain the possibility of embracing her talents because she feared her spouse would leave her if he knew.” He shakes his head. “The ironic part of it was if they had only trusted each other enough to be honest, they both would probably be here today. She rejected her heritage to protect her marriage and family and so did he.”
“I don’t understand.”
“He was a powerful warlock and she could have been a very powerful witch but they turned their back on becoming immortal because they believed that the other was only human. I tried to convince him about her, but he thought my desire to have him continue on our side was making me see something in her that wasn’t there.”
“Why didn’t you speak to her about him?”
“I couldn’t, I swore to uphold his secret. For me to breach that confidence would go against everything I hold dear and would make me untrustworthy. Mia, the reason why I have been able to gather so much information is because those who speak with me know that I will always keep their confidences. Nothing could ever make me reveal them. Who we are is something very personal and each individual has the right to reveal or not to reveal this to those of their choosing.”
“I thought Andrew told me that in your travels you ensure that the good ones know about each other so that they can combat the darkness together.”
“He is right to a degree. I put those who have given me permission to reveal their secret, either out of loneliness or the desire to be connected to our kind. However, there are others who mask themselves even from our kind. Some have sought me out so that they could one day have options, while others seek my assistance in learning how to live in relative obscurity knowing I will do all I can to protect them.”
I can’t even imagine how many he must have helped. “I think you are the remarkable one. Reginald, can I ask you something?”
“You can ask me anything.”
“Andrew told me the demon came back through me. Are you sure it was entirely removed and is there any remnants in Daniela that could make her dangerous to others?”
He grins. “I can assure you on both counts that the demon was removed and that Daniela isn’t a danger to anyone.” He stares at me. “May I ask you something?”
“Sure”
“Do you want to learn how to master your powers?”
I never really thought about myself as being anything in this realm. I sense his heightened curiosity. “I know Emma tried to convince me that I used some sort of power when my nephew was in trouble to help him, but this has all been so fantastical, and please don’t take offense, but I always thought of witches only in their comical portrayal in movies.”
I’m happy he laughs. “I don’t take offense. Considering how books portray the fantastical world, no one could see us as anything but. However, witchcraft is more about learning how to use the elements in nature around you to accomplish your goals.” He puts his hand on my shoulder. “Mia, I realize with your upcoming nuptials this concept will probably be put on the back burner but I want you to take this.” He takes a telephone out of his pocket handing it to me. “All of the information on how to contact me is programmed in this telephone and you can even download it to your computer. It also contains some spells and directions on how to draw upon the surrounding energy to heighten your senses, intuition and powers. If you do decide you want a teacher, I hope you consider contacting me so that I can teach you. I know Emma has volunteered but I am much older and because of my unique abilities, I have knowledge she does not possess and would love to share it with you. I can see your potential a strong aura such as yours does not come along very often.” His voice fills with sincerity as determination and desire to teach me shines in his eyes.
I’m stunned. “Thank you, I promise to give this some serious thought. I am beginning to realize how much goes on that I had been so willing to dismiss earlier and how much damage the darkness can do.”
His eyes dance as he realizes I probably will be calling him. After seeing all that the darkness can do, I can’t ignore the possibility of impinging their ability to cause more destruction. “I should let you get back to Daniela. I’m sure the movie has finished and can tell that she has grown very fond of you because of the connection she finds in your shared losses.”
Putting the phone in my pocket, I go out to see her. “You have a very friendly staff here.” She notes as I sit next to her. 
“They are a wonderful and they all want to help you.” I can tell she’s struggling with something she wants to ask. “Daniela, you can speak freely here.”
She inhales deeply. “The article about my parents was a few months old. Did they catch the ones who did this?”
I shake my head. “The police never found the culprits or motive. Your parents were good people and nothing that they did caused this to happen. Sometimes, the best of people are touched by the worst thing imaginable. I know that isn’t what you want to hear, but you need to hold on to the love that you shared and let go of the dark images surrounding their passing.”
I see her frustration building so her outburst is no surprise. “How can I? They are free while my family has been torn apart. They need to be punished!”
Trying to calm her, I make my tone soothing. “Daniela, I understand, but…”
Her angry voice interrupts me. “How can you understand? You haven’t had someone ripped away from you senselessly!”
Knowing her anxiety is taxing her health, I put my hand on hers. “I have. I almost wasn’t here because of a senseless act of someone.”
Her eyes drop and so does her tone. “I’m sorry. It just makes me so mad that they aren’t being punished.”
Moving my hand under her chin and lifting her face to meet mine, I speak deliberately. “Even if the police never find them, they will be punished for what they did. Sometimes it comes in forms that we can’t understand, but no one who does something so hideous can be living a good life.”
“You sound like you really believe that.”
“I do”
“What happened to you?”
“A drunk driver last New Year’s Eve took the life of my twin sister who was pregnant with twins and her husband and almost took the life of Andrew and myself.” She gasps.
“I guess you do know what I’m feeling.”
“I do, that’s why I’m telling you to hold on to the gift of love that you shared. If the police can’t find who did this, don’t let that be all consuming. Otherwise you let the culprits take another piece of your life from you and they have taken far too much already. Your parents will always be a part of you and they would want you to move forward.”
“How did you cope after losing your sister?”
“I focused on the good that she brought to this world. Thanks to all of the good people here, her twins were kept alive and born a few months after the accident. My sister lives on in them.”
“I hope that one day I can hold on to my family that way.” She fights the oncoming tears.
I smile. “Hopefully when your uncle comes, you can begin that process. I bet you can even see features of your family in him.”
She yawns. Rising, “Let’s get you upstairs and I’ll come back tomorrow.”
Entering the suite, Andrew is reading over some files. “How did it go?”
“It will be a long road back, but I think she can do it. I just hope when the uncle comes he is strong enough to give her something to hold on to. I had another interesting conversation with Reginald as well.”
“What did he have to say?”
Taking the phone from my pocket, “He gave me this and told me it has everything I need to contact him when I’m ready to learn how to use my powers.”
He holds out his hand. “May I see it?”
Handing it to him, he scrolls through the telephone. “Mia, this has information in it as well.”
“He did tell me that it contained instructions on how to use the energy around me. “ I sit next to him.
Turning toward me, “That’s not all it contains. It has a map of banks and boxes containing information that he has gathered over the millennia and how to access them.” He looks at me amazed. “Mia, you are one of the key holders!”
“Why on earth would he give something like that to me?”
“Remember I told you that it was rumored he had given keys to a rare few that he had come to trust to ensure that the information would never be lost if something happened to him?”
“Yes, but why me, it makes no sense?”
“You can ask him, he came in about five minutes ago and is downstairs talking with Jason.”
“I don’t want to disturb them.”
He smiles. “Their conversation is wrapping up. Jason is taking Rachel for a late night swim.”
I’m shocked that he could hear their conversation. It is unnerving knowing how little privacy there is. Andrew rises and opens the door. “Reginald, could you come in a moment?”
A sly look crosses his face as he crosses the room. “It didn’t take you two long to figure out what you have.”
Andrew laughs. “If you wanted to give her your contact information, you would have just handed her one of your elegant cards. I have a long memory.”
Reginald laughs heartily. “I guess you do and you’re wondering why she is one of the chosen few.”
I reply. “Why would you trust me with something this important?”
He sits across from me. “Mia, no matter what they threw at you, your motives were driven by the desire to help others. You were willing to sacrifice yourself to ensure that someone else didn’t suffer. Even when the darkness tried to tempt you with restoring the life you thought you lost, you held on to the bigger picture, the greater good, knowing you would be facing a lifetime without those you love. In making decisions, we always need to keep that in mind. I have only found a few with such ability. The information I have gathered must never fall within the hands of those bent upon destroying the good in this world. You are the right choice to hold one of the maps to the information. There are very few of you. If something should happen to me, one of the boxes will lead you to the others. You and the family who is finally free of the darkness that tried to imprison them can protect this information.” He rises. “I have to return some telephone calls, but will see you in the morning.”
Turning the telephone over in my hands, I’m not sure what to do to keep it safe. After flipping it over for the hundredth time, Andrew puts his hand upon mine. “I know where you can put it if you like?” He moves toward the door.
“Where are you going?”
“Come, it’ll only take a minute and the twins are sleeping. I can hear them if they wake.” Following him up to the attic, he removes a wall panel revealing a fire proof safe. He presses several buttons and when it opens, I place the phone inside. “Do you think that you can remember that number?”
“Yes”
He places the panel back and we descend the stairs. “It will be perfectly secure there.” As we enter the suite, a smile crosses his perfect lips.
“What are you thinking about?”
“What you promised me earlier?”
Moving closer, I push against his chest despite knowing I couldn’t push him down. He sits. As he does, I crawl in his lap running my nose up his strong neck kissing it softly as I go while running my fingertips down the sides of his sculpted torso before wrapping my arms around his waist. “I remember promising to hold you to where we left off.” My breathing becomes shallow as my pulse races.
Hugging me, he kisses me passionately causing my already racing heart to pound like a sonic boom. I barely hear him whispering in my ear. “As much as I love you remembering this, I had a different promise in mind. You promised to try on your wedding dress and let me know if I get to see the most beautiful woman in it the day we say I do.”
I nuzzle his neck again. “I like this promise and I’m not ready to give it up.” I cup his face bringing his lips to mine caressing them and finally moving up to his ear, “You should just let me order the suit. I know what I look like and as sure as I am that your perceptions are colored for liking my bathing suit, I know I can’t carry off whatever dress you have chosen.”
Holding my face in his strong hands, “Do you trust me?” His eyes smolder. He is not playing fair.
Letting out a sigh, “You know I do, it’s just that…” He kisses me before drawing his lips to my ear. His silken voice turns sultry, “All I’m asking is that you try it on and for one moment open your mind and see how beautiful you really are. If after that you really don’t like the dress, I’ll personally order the suit for you.”
How could I deny this man anything? Pulling away from him trying to calm my hyperactive breathing, I roll my eyes. “Alright, where’s the dress?”
He laughs at my sarcasm. “It’s in my closet. Can I still send Eva in to see it?”
Rising, “No, send Jackson. Eva will never tell me the truth. I can see the excitement over it in your eyes and she would never want to see you disappointed.”
He smirks. “Alright, Jackson it is.”
Moving towards his room, I know I’ve been ambushed. Opening the door, all of Andrew’s clothes are missing. An elegant antique lace wedding gown hangs in their place. I can’t help but touch the soft collar with silk buttons which would rest upon the back of my neck. A halter top flows into a short train skirt embellished at the hem with soft blush rosebuds. I have to admit it is beautiful, but it appears to have a fitting form that I cannot carry. Tempted to go back to my suite and tell Andrew that I tried it on and need the suit, Jackson thwarts my plan as he calls out from the other room.
“How does it look?”
Going into the room, “I can’t wear that! Did you see it? It’s made for a tall, well-shaped woman, not me.”
He laughs at my outburst. “It was made exactly for you. Before everything happened, Andrew sent your photograph and measurements to a designer friend of ours with some suggestions. The dress in there was designed exactly with you in mind. It’s unique, just like you.” Putting his hands on my shoulders, he turns me toward the bedroom. “Go and slip it on.” He nudges me gently forward.
Although the dress is beautiful, I just can’t see being able to carry this off, but slip into it with the high healed lace shoes knowing that Jackson will rat me out if I don’t. Fumbling with the back buttons, I grasp the collar and waist closed, turn to the mirror and force myself not to be negative as I look up because of all the trouble Andrew went through. Staring into the mirror, I am taken aback. The dress makes even me look nice. Jackson calls from the room.
“Is it on yet?”
“Somewhat. Why don’t you come in? I’m afraid to walk in it.”
Moving behind me, he quickly fastens the buttons. Turning to him, he smiles. “You look lovely. You’ll take his breath away.”
“I may have believed you if you said I looked nice and left it at that, but now I know you’re embellishing on his behalf. I knew I was being set up.”
Placing his hands back on my shoulders, he turns me toward the mirror. “Come on Mia, take a look, you look absolutely beautiful. If you don’t believe me, Eva is standing outside dying to come in.”
“Alright, tell her to come in.” Before he even moves, she is in the doorway smiling.
“You look beautiful. Please tell me you are going to wear it instead of that plain, unsuitable suit. If you’re going to wear that, you might as well just grab the off white suite you offered Marie, it doesn’t look much different.”
I can’t help myself. “That’s a great idea. Jackson, can you get that for me. Andrew’s never seen it and I want to see if these shoes make the skirt too short.” He and Eva’s jaws drop as their eyes widen with shock. I giggle. “You two may have special powers, but neither of you are Gabriel. I’m only joking.”
Eva’s face registers her relief.
“Are you sure I can carry this? I don’t want to disappoint him, but I don’t want to look foolish either.”
“The only way you could look foolish is if you wore anything but this dress. Have you tried on the veil?”
“I didn’t see one.”
She goes to the closet and returns with a delicate half circle veil of silken, blush rosebuds which match the train and is attached to an antique lace and blush rosebud veil. Placing it on, I can’t believe his exquisite taste. I would never be able to put something like this together.
“I’ll let Eva help you out of it.” As Jackson passes her, he brushes his hand against hers and kisses her cheek.
Returning to the room, Andrew scans my face for a clue. I’m surprised he didn’t eavesdrop. I decide to have a moment of fun with him. I pick up the catalog. He lowers his head, shaking it slightly. “I can’t believe they couldn’t convince you.” Disappointment resonates in every word.
“I’m just going to throw it away.” I drop into his lap kissing him. “It’s absolutely amazing. You shouldn’t have gone through all of the trouble of having one made. I could marry you in my jeans and it would still be beyond remarkable because I am getting to spend my life with you.”
Kissing me gently, “It wasn’t any trouble. I’m just happy I’ll get to see you in it. I know you’ll stun my heart.”
“Don’t be so sure, but Jackson and your sister seem as delusional as you are.”
Enfolding me in his embrace, he kisses my cheek softly drawing his lips to my ear. “For one who can see through deception, how can you be so self-deluded when it comes to yourself?” He withdraws slightly and looks at me in such a way that I have to blink twice. No one has ever looked upon me with such love before. “Tomorrow we should take a little trip to the man who made this?” He brushes his fingertip over my engagement ring. “With everything that went on, we haven’t had a chance to pick our wedding bands.”
“Isn’t Daniela’s uncle arriving tomorrow?”
Running his fingertips from my ring, gently up my arm, across my shoulder, gliding over my neck, and brushing my cheek, my entire body tingles. “He’s arriving early in the morning. We could go after feeding the twins their dinner if everything goes well.”
“Won’t he be closed by then?”
“Don’t worry. He’ll open if I call him.”
“You always have everything under control don’t you?” I tease.
“Not even close, but I’m hoping to make our wedding a special day for you considering how much you are giving me.”
“You have that backward considering I’m marrying the most perfect man on this plane or any other. The minute you say I do, Dr. St. Cloud, you are all mine and I am not going to let one inch of space between us.” Clutching the back of his shoulders, I pull myself flush against him.
His lips caress mine and my heart rate spikes sending heated blood coursing through my veins. I’m hot, flush, and lightheaded. When he finally withdraws, he whispers in my ear. “You’ll have to give me at least an inch or we’ll never arrive at our destination.” He says against my lips.
“Then maybe I shouldn’t give you an inch now” I tease, drawing myself back so I can slip my hands under his soft pullover and run my fingertips across his perfect torso.
“You are not playing fair Dr. Angelis” he whispers drawing his lips down my jawline, my neck, and back up again. My breathing turns jagged as my pulse races.
As his lips glide back down my neck, nuzzling my collarbone, I’m breathless. “But then again I never said I’d fight fair where you’re concerned either.”
Drawing my fingers around his torso until my palms are flat on his back, I pull him closer. Standing, he cradles me to his taut chest and moves toward the bedroom. My heart races like an out of control freight train pushing my overheated blood through every cell, consuming me. Placing me gently on the bed, he is at my ear speaking softly. “You are the most beautiful creature to grace this world or any other, but you don’t play fair and neither do I.” Withdrawing from me, he smiles. “I need a few minutes. I’ll be back after you change. It’s only a few more weeks.” He disappears, leaving me to calm my hyperactive heart. When I can finally rise, I shower and throw on my sweats. Returning, he is stretched out on the bed, leaning on his upraised arm with a very satisfied smile adorning his features. Crawling into bed, he secures me in his embrace. Leaning into his perfect chest, I fall asleep peacefully, without even a hint of a bad dream in my future.
Waking, I hear Andrew on the telephone. “What shape was he in on the flight back?... Were you able to lull his fears at all?... Did you let him know that she is here?... Maybe that would be more beneficial…Yes, she’s waking up now. We’ll meet you shortly…Is Reginald on his way?...Good.”
Dressing quickly, it is only four. Gabriel is at the door with Martina, when I come out.
When we arrive, her uncle is questioning his transfer and arguing that he knows Dr. Meyers believed him even though he couldn’t admit it. “I voluntarily committed myself but I won’t consent to this place if you are going to treat me with medication. Before Dr. Meyers stopped trying to alter my behavior with drugs, I was trapped in a semi-comatose state. I won’t go back to that. I’d rather live on the streets! Return me to California, I’ll be fine.”
Reginald raises his hand up. “Sam, you have been transferred to a unique facility. We don’t like to get patients dependent upon medication, we would much rather discuss what you saw, heard and understood so that we can help you decipher it and find some peace in dealing with its repercussions. We are here to help. We don’t even have a Board here that fights with our physicians. I’m sure you are aware that Dr. Meyers argued with others regarding your case and that your niece…”
As soon as Reginald mentions Daniela, Sam turns rigid. “She’s dangerous, she killed her brother and sister and I suspect she had a hand in her parents’ death and other siblings. She fooled some, but I know what she did.”
Reginald’s voice becomes very soft but authoritative. “Sam, can you sit down so we can talk about it? The physicians behind me would like to help you too. If you could tell us what happened that would be very beneficial and I promise you that we are all very open to what you have to say. No one will even interrupt you. We’ll just sit and listen. The only thing I ask is that you look at me when you speak, it makes it easier for me to ensure that I don’t miss anything.”
Sam looks at Reginald skeptically before scanning each of our faces. “I guess it can’t hurt.” He recounts the events, all the while staring at Reginald. As he gets further into the story, his eyes glass over as he describes the horrific images. Glancing at Reginald, his lips are moving minutely. He is verbalizing something too low for anyone else to hear, except for Andrew. After an hour, Reginald asks Sam about his brother and sister-in-law’s death again. This time, Sam’s recount has changed, he notes Daniela called him hysterical, screaming that someone killed her parents and the police were on their way. He describes her as hysterical, clinging to him and the other children as soon as he arrived. Reginald has Sam recount the events in each case. His account no longer makes any inference to Daniela being involved. He talks about how hard it was when he had to commit himself and Daniela. I’m stunned. Reginald continues this for another hour and then excuses himself, motioning for me to follow.
“Sam will not remember Daniela’s involvement in any of the murders. I strongly suggest having Eva and Jackson go into his dreams. I can show them how to do the same thing. He is receptive enough that I can cause him to fall asleep within moments. Mia, as I teach them, I would love to have you observe. Although this type of strong hypnotic manipulation is slightly different from a witch’s perspective, it can still be useful.”
“But can’t hypnotic suggestions be pierced, can’t he remember?”
“The piercing would happen in the sub-conscious realm if ever. Eva and Jackson entering his dreams will prevent this possibility and as he spends time with Daniela, his belief that he saved her from the same fate will plant itself deep within his sub-conscious.”
As Reginald instructs Eva and Jackson, I realize how much they could influence people. Finishing with them, he stares at me assessing my features. “It’s good that you will have Eva and Jackson to help you.” I nod. “As a witch you would have to do it for longer to ensure that you pierce every level of consciousness. It is also easier for vampires to hypnotize and reshape the reality, but you will be fine with their help.”
I sigh, hoping not to offend. “I think what you did is amazing, but listening to the way his recollection changed it seems so intrusive. I know it is for a good cause, but do vampires do this all the time. It seems so wrong?”
“Yes and no. They cannot do it on the scale that I have, but I have the advantage of both realms.” A smile forms on his lips. “You didn’t offend me.” I’m shocked. Can he read my mind too? “Knowing how carefully you consider consequences, I’m sure you will only use it in the most necessary circumstances. You have a strong moral fiber and that is why I can’t wait to teach you and see how far you go.” Putting his hand on mine, “I know it seems like I’m pushing you but sometimes I just can’t help myself.”
Thinking about all that happened, I draw in a resigned breath. “I do want to learn and am so grateful that you want to teach me, so why don’t we plan on it when I return and it’s convenient for you to return here. I only have a few weeks before we leave and I need to concentrate on ensuring that the patients are comfortable with Daniela being here and giving her some peace. I have become very close to the people here. I know Eva could deal with any fallout from the patients encountering Daniela, but what William saw happen was connected to me because I wasn’t careful. I feel that Daniela’s supposed return here will be better accepted if they see my reaction to her firsthand.”
Before I can continue, Reginald raises his hand. “Mia, stop. I have seen your concern for everyone and what you are telling me only makes me more determined to teach you. Your love and devotion for people makes you special and I’m only too happy to return. I can tell that you feel as if you are overburdening Eva but you’re not. You are failing to realize that the patients also gain strength from sharing their experiences freely and Eva is not alone, her whole family and those around her will help. Go and enjoy your trip, free from worry. The St. Clouds are a very strong family. Lucas, Jason and I will be staying on and Ryan will arrive by then. Everything will be handled, don’t worry.”
“I know it will. I know how much they helped me when I felt lost and ran here. Maybe that’s why I want to ensure that I help in some small way too.”
“Andrew said you seemed lost when you first arrived and didn’t trust yourself or your abilities. I don’t mean the ones you are learning about now, I mean those you possess as a physician. He shared what led them to bring you up here.” 
Realizing my surprise he continues. “Mia, do you remember when Andrew ran from you?” I nod. “After Eva left and he went to New York, I met him there. Knowing how much he and his family were already struggling, I didn’t want to lose any of them. I could tell that he needed to work out issues regarding you and needed someone as ancient as I am to guide him. He was extremely concerned about you and was hoping to keep you from this world. I tried to convince him because of what was seen around you at the Lake that something in our world was already aware of you and that our world would not let you go. I’m relieved to find out how good you are. I could see how much he loved you even then. He has struggled for so long it is good to see him with someone like you. Keeping this family and gaining someone like you gives us quite an advantage. I for one will do all I can to help you.”
We are interrupted as Andrew calls down to Reginald. Reginald assesses Sam before they tell him about Daniela being here. I’m relieved to see his excitement that Eva is going to reunite them. While Eva is letting him know about Daniela’s amnesia, I let Daniela know about her uncle’s arrival and arrange for them to have some time before the fire to grieve together. Before descending downstairs, I tell her about Sam committing himself because of all the difficulty he had in dealing with her parents’ death as well. After a moment of panic, she is relieved to find out that we do not consider him crazy. Her tone resonates concern thinking about her siblings being sent to relatives they barely know. I deflect her by taking her downstairs to spend some time with Sam before he has to help us complete the transfer paperwork.
Despite the tears, their reunion is going well so I leave with Andrew to start laying the groundwork with the other patients, hoping to transfer Sam and Daniela there soon.
After receiving my morning electrical jolt from his perfect lips, I grab a cup of coffee and begin the groundwork. I always knew the patients here were exceptionally loving, but the day goes better than even I thought possible. Each sympathizes and accepts my explanation that the trauma and over medication caused her to suffer altered behavior and even amnesia as they detoxified her body. The only thing William asks is whether she is being assigned an attendant. Knowing this would make him feel more at ease for a while, I assure him I planned on talking to Eva about this to make everyone’s transition easier. 
By four I had spoken to everyone. I head toward the residency to see the twins and update the records there so I can relieve whoever relieved Martina. Entering, I’m surprised to see Andrew on the floor playing with them. “I was rendered useless again between Lucas and Jason, so I decided to come here where people appreciate me.”
Sitting next to them, we play for a while and I fill in the records between rolling the ball on the floor. After feeding them, I put them to bed and hear Andrew on the telephone telling the jeweler we should arrive around eight. 
The night air is crisp and the slick roads don’t concern Andrew who doesn’t stray from the line. As the town’s lights come into view, it’s strange to realize that this is the first time I’ll walk around it since entering the gates of Sanctuary. Pulling into an open parking area, he walks around, opens the door, and leads me across a lamp lit sidewalk to a small corner jewelry store. Knocking lightly on the window, an elderly gentleman peers from behind the shade before opening the door. “It’s a pleasure to see you again Andrew. I see the engagement ring was positively accepted.”
Andrew’s winks at me and his voice turns playful. “She took one look at your gorgeous creation and decided that as long as she gets to wear it, she can accept spending time with me.” Nudging him with my elbow, he laughs. “Lorenzo, this is my lovely bride, Mia.”
Holding out his hand, “It’s a pleasure meeting the woman who Andrew speaks so highly of. You are a very lucky young lady. He is quite a good man. He took care of my wife before her passing and made her final days peaceful and filled with beauty.”
“It’s nice to meet you. Despite his strange sense of humor, I agree with you most ardently, he is more than I could ever hope for and will treasure him always.”
“Spoken like a woman truly in love.” He motions us over to a glass case. “We have some wonderful bands in this case, but if you don’t see anything you like, I can measure your fingers and craft something to your specifications.”
Looking into the case, “Everything is quite lovely, I’m sure we can find something here.”
The telephone rings. “Excuse me a moment. Feel free to come around and take out anything you desire to try on.”
All of the bands are lovely but one pair is quite unique. I wonder if Andrew has already had him craft the bands and is wondering if I like them. Glancing at the all too innocent expression frozen to his face as he stares into the case, I suspect I’m right. “If I ask you something, will you tell me the truth?”
“I believe you already know all my secrets. What could you possibly want to know?”
“You already had him craft some bands didn’t you?”
“What would make you say that? I brought you here to see if anything he has interests you or we can have him craft something that’s unique just like us.”
Wrapping my arms around him, I stretch up to kiss him, “You’re evading the question Dr. St. Cloud.” 
Just then, Lorenzo returns, clearing his throat. “Do you see anything you like or would you like to create something?”
Andrew struggles to contain a smile. “I think you should choose first if there’s something you like.” 
Turning to the case, “Could I see the bands, third from the bottom on the left?”
Lorenzo places a velvet square on the glass and then the bands. One band is a very delicate gold and platinum interwoven inlay surrounded by a thin gold outer frame, while the other is its masculine counterpart. “They are an excellent choice.” Lorenzo smiles “What about you Andrew do you like them or would you prefer something else?” He inquires with a smug grin.
“I think they’re an excellent choice.” Wrapping his arms around my waist and placing his chin on my shoulder, he kisses my cheek.
Wriggling around, staring into his glorious eyes, I raise my eyebrow, “What would you have done if I had picked another set? 
“I would have bought them, but you would have missed out on my special inscription,” He kisses me gently and swiftly.
Picking up mine, looking inside, I read the words ‘forever encircled by light and love’ Tears mist my eyes. Embracing me tenderly, he wipes two escaping tears.
“We should try them on and see if they need to be sized so that Lorenzo can get back to his sons.” Trying them on, they fit perfectly. We thank Lorenzo and leave. Starting back toward the car, Andrew grasps my hand, stopping me. “Would you humor me with dinner out?”
“I’m not hungry and can grab something later, if I need to.”
“Indulge me please. I think that it would be good for us to get away from everything even if it is only briefly.” He leads me toward a restaurant across the street. Opening the door, wonderful smells waft through my nostrils awakening my now grumbling stomach. “See you are hungry, you just didn’t know it.” His smile lightens his whole face.
A small gray haired woman greets us. “Andrew, the booth you requested is all setup, please follow me.”
Surprised that anyone at an eating establishment would know him, I whisper. “How does she know you?”
The woman turns. “Everyone in this town knows the St. Clouds. They established the clinic and offer a full scholarship for any medical student that commits four years of care to the clinic at a fixed salary. My son took advantage of it ten years ago before he moved to North Carolina to get married.”
As she walks away, I lean towards his ear. “Is there anything that you don’t do?”
“I don’t eat.” He laughs. “It’s mutually beneficial it provides good people with access to affordable care and assists us. It builds good will and allows us access to the blood banks for our research and development.” He touches the tip of my nose.
The woman returns with a plate of spinach puffs, stuffed mushrooms and mini crab cakes with a tomato basil sauce. She pours two glasses of rose wine. Andrew moves closer to me and stretches his arm around the back of the booth. “You should try to enjoy the appetizers and wine.” He runs his fingertips across my shoulder awakening every nerve.
“I’m not sure I have any room, desire seems to have filled my entire being.” I kiss his hand.
“We will hurt the Vincenti’s feelings if you don’t eat.” I excuse myself a moment to splash some water on my overheated face hoping to calm the excited butterflies. Returning, I scoot next to him, picking up a spinach puff and nibble on it. Andrew switches or wine glasses just before Mrs. Vincenti returns carrying petite fillets. 
Filling Andrew’s glass, “Eat, you both could use some meat on those skinny bones.”
As I eat, Andrew makes it appear as if he’s eaten. I try to inveigle hints about our honeymoon out of him, but he refuses to part with even one. “How will I know what to pack?
Laughing, he runs his fingertip down my cheek. “All you need to take is your tooth brush and black bathing suit, I’ll pack the rest.”
Rolling my eyes, I smile. “Since you like the suit so much, I’ll pack it for you and I’ll wear my blue one.” Smiling, he exchanges wine glasses again. “Hasn’t anyone ever told you that drinking can impair your judgment and make you amorous?”
Smiling, he gently brushes his lips down my neck and returns them to my ear. “I’ll have to make sure we’re well stocked on our honeymoon then.”
Gently stroking his wedding finger, “I don’t think I’ll need that with you around.” I tease.
Mrs. Vincenti returns, clears the table, and places two chocolate covered cheesecake slices before us with two cappuccinos. “It’s nice to see a couple so in love. Congratulations on your upcoming nuptials. May you always share the love that you do right now.”
Andrew withdraws some large bills from his pocket. “Thank Mr. Vincenti for the wonderful meal.”
“Have a pleasant trip back.”
I enjoy the dessert. “Is there anything I can do to help since you have taken care of so much already?”
His eyes look upon me with such love. “You could do one thing for me that day, promise to love me forever.” 
“But I already know I’ll love you forever and I hope you know that too.”
Moving closer, he embraces me. “I do, but it will be very nice to make it official.”
Stepping outside, I welcome the cool air, hoping to clear my wine clouded consciousness. As we walk, I wonder if he kept switching glasses so I would become tired considering the last few nights were filled with only broken sleep. The cool air is only helpful until I reach the car. After driving about half a mile, I relish being close to Andrew with no distractions surrounded by warmth and peacefulness and allow my mind to drift into an undisturbed sleep.
The next thing I know, it is five thirty and I am lying next to Andrew who is reading over a file in my bed. “How did you sleep?”
“Wonderfully, my mind was filled with beautiful visions of you.” Rising, I kiss him and he goes to change.


Chapter Fourteen An Unforeseen Journey

Making some coffee, I set out breakfast. Turning to go wake the twins, I run into Andrew whose quick return surprises me. Looking up, his face appears graver than I have ever seen it. Wrapping my arms around him, “What’s wrong, you look absolutely shell shocked?”
Without a word, he leads me into the living room where Gabriel is sitting, his features resonating concern. As my eyes shift between them, panic rises within me. Closing my eyes, I lock my facial expression for impact not wanting to add concern to their already overburdened consciences. Drawing in a deep breath to steady my voice, “When are you leaving?” Although my voice doesn’t waiver, it is completely devoid of life. At least I don’t sound hysterical considering the acrobats practicing in my stomach and the drummers pounding on my heart.
Andrew calls my name and I open my eyes as he takes my hands. “I’m so sorry. I wouldn’t leave you if I had any other choice, but there are children hurt and they may not make it unless I can get down there and help them.” He inhales a jagged breath. “Do you remember the woman impregnated by the incubus?”
“I thought you caught and took care of him.”
“We were mistaken. We took care of one, but there was another. Although the woman identified the other one, she was trying to protect the one she was with. He attacked her village in search of his child. There are ten adults critically injured and eight children, some seriously injured and others critical. I have to go and see what I can do to help them.” He stares into my eyes trying to assess how I’m doing. “Father Montague and our contingent are doing their best, but they also need to hunt and destroy the incubus before he does more damage.” He strokes my cheek gently. “Mia, I’m so sorry I have to do this to you after you have gone through so much. I know this trip is going to make you extremely anxious, but I can’t let those people die and only who knows how many more. The others can’t do what I do. I promise you that I will be fine and won’t be gone more than a few days. I would take you with me, but the village is high in the mountains. I need to get there as soon as possible and we can travel faster on foot.” Although his voice sounds confident, I recognize the unendurable anxiety he is straining to keep from his features and which is tightening around my raging heart.
I catch his eyes glancing toward Gabriel who I know is reading me and whom I hope hears my plea. “Please don’t cause him more anxiety, don’t say what you see.” I can tell Andrew is waiting on Gabriel who is debating on what to tell him. Holding Andrew’s hand tighter to gain some strength, I speak deliberately hoping Gabriel will confirm my words despite what I’m sure he sees. “Tell him I’ll be fine so that he can go.”
Even though he turns to Andrew, he is not seeing him. “She can handle this and you need to be up in the air now.”
As his eyes refocus, I hope he can see the thank you in mine before I shift to Andrew. Drawing every ounce of strength I have to say what he needs to hear, I struggle to remove the deadness in my voice which I only marginally accomplish. “You need to stop worrying. You have to be there, I wouldn’t have it any other way. Your compassion and love for others is what makes you who you are and what draws me to you. When I fell in love with you and you told me who you are and what you are capable of doing, I knew that your gifts were given to you not just to help your family but to help others as well.” Raising his hands, I kiss them. “I want you to go. You need to help those children and their parents the way you helped my family. I know what it is like to fear for a child and how worried I was for Kayla and Edward. I can only imagine what the parents of those children are going through now. They need you there. Stop wasting time talking to me here, you heard Gabriel you need to be up in the air. Who’s going with you?”
Before he answers, someone knocks. Reginald, Jackson and Francis are at the door. Reginald walks over to me. “I see he told you.”
“I was just asking who was going. I guess I have my answer.”
“There are several of our kind, who have been unwilling to reveal themselves, I am hoping to convince them that it is time they banned together and maybe even take responsibility for the hospital and surrounding villages. It is their home and those are their people. They should be protecting them. It isn’t fair to have this family try to gather contingents down there or have others from here travel.” He turns to Andrew, “Why don’t you get your things. I’ll stay with Mia a few moments and then you can say good-bye.”
He kisses me. As soon as he leaves, Reginald’s voice drops, it is almost inaudible. “You did the right thing. If he detected your utter fear, he would not leave. Such a choice would begin to change him and the guilt would make him vulnerable. I assure you that he will be fine. I will gather those there so he will be gone for the shortest time possible. I know you are concerned, but each of you will be stronger for choosing others above yourselves and putting your own fears aside to do what is right.”
Andrew returns and Reginald says good-bye. “We’ll wait for you at the car, but we must leave quickly. Before I came down, I got news that two of the critical children died and he struck again, injuring five more.
“I’ll be right down.”
As he shuts the door, Andrew embraces me fiercely. “I’m so sorry to put you through all of this, it’s…”
Bringing my fingertip to his lips to stop him, I feel my resolve slipping. Removing my finger, I kiss him tenderly hoping for a moment of strength. Finally withdrawing my lips, my heart is pounding. I know I can get the words out. “You need to go now. I’m fine and don’t want you distracted with thoughts of what is happening here. I am needed here and you have work there. I love you. Come back as soon as you can, but not before your work is done. Call me if you can, but don’t worry if you can’t. I know that you will help save those children and reunite them with their families.” Kissing him again, I turn him around and push him out the door. In the archway he turns, embraces me once more, and is gone.
Grateful that the twins have not woken yet, I need a moment to fall apart before having to do what’s right. We are going to be short staffed and there is a transition to accomplish before I leave. As the last of my resolve evaporates, my legs refuse to carry me one more step. Sinking to the floor before the door, I drag my knees up and wrap my arms around my legs in hopes of holding myself together.
A familiar voice calls for me to move from the other side of the door. “Eva, I’m fine. You have work to do. I will meet you in the office once I feed the twins.” Although my voice is low, I know she hears me.
“Please let me in, I’m not leaving until I see you.”
Scooting myself out of the way, intending to rise before she enters, the door opens quickly and she is beside me, embracing me. “He’ll be fine, nothing is going to happen and he’ll be back before you know it.”
Wiping my tears, I compel my voice to stay steady. “I know he’ll be fine and will come back. I just needed a moment to let the fear flow through me so I can cast it aside and do what is needed. I know what good your family does and how important it is for him to be there, that’s why I wouldn’t let him see this before he left, but if I don’t let myself fall apart for a few minutes, the fear will overtake my senses and stop me from functioning at my best while he’s away. I promise I’ll be fine, I’ll feed the twins and meet you over at Daniela’s room, unless you want me to go see the others first.”
“I’m going to tell her about the rest of her family. We can’t put Sam in an untenable position any longer and something could happen.”
“I would like to be there to help when she learns the news.”
“Then I’ll give you some time and we’ll go over together.” She hugs me and leaves. Finally rising, I splash water on my face and wake the twins. After feeding, bathing and dressing them, Rachel comes to stay with them.
Crossing the courtyard, the telephone rings. Knowing who it is before answering, I clear my throat and try to make a joke to lighten what I’m sure is his anxious mood. “Anxiety hotline, you call us anxious and we don’t hang up until you are smiling.”
He laughs at my lame joke. “Seriously, how are you doing?”
I decide to continue the humor. “You only left forty minutes ago, if you’re going to insist on calling so soon after departing our clinic, we may have to charge you double upon what I’m sure will be your return visit.”
He laughs again. “I know you’re trying to make me feel better about leaving but I need to know that you’re alright before I board the plane.”
I don’t let myself miss a beat. “I’m fine provided you are not already at the airport because that means you’re driving too fast on the icy roads!” My tone is sharp. “I’m serious about charging you when you return. To enter back into our facility, you will have to promise to marry me on Christmas Eve and pledge your eternal love for me.”
“A price I cannot wait to remit. I love you. I promise to be home soon.”
“I know you will. We both have a lot to accomplish and only a short amount of time to do it because for at least a week after our wedding, I won’t let you out of my sight.” I tease.
“Oh, I plan on not letting you go for much longer than that my soon to be Dr. St. Cloud. I have waited a very long time for you and plan on monopolizing your time for much longer. I’ll call you as soon as I can.”
Entering the office, I hope my lame attempt at humor lessened his anxiety. I don’t want him going there and facing a rogue vampire with his head somewhere else, especially since there are so many he needs to heal and will become weak. As this realization strikes me, panic rises within me. I force in a deep breath to quell my nerves before looking up.
Eva is smiling while looking at her phone, “Jackson texts that your humor is in serious need of our trauma unit but that Andrew is a little calmer now.”
“Good, I don’t want his mind here while his body is there. Do you think he will have trouble because he gets weak when he heals?”
“Reginald seems confident he can convince his friends to come out of obscurity and Jackson and Gabriel will not leave Andrew unprotected. They won’t leave his side for a moment. No one will get to him, so don’t even give that another thought. They went strictly for him. The others will hunt and eliminate the problem. You have to remember that although the incubus may have harmed people in the remote villages, he is no match for our kind. So many of ours went only to get this resolved quickly and to show the others who are in hiding that there is no reason to remain in the shadows because there are plenty of our kind that live out in the open and are able to do good. They will be home before you know it and then you and he will be on a trip of a different kind. However, in the meantime, why don’t we see what we can do to help Daniela?”
Turning, “Let’s go.”
Daniela is downstairs just finishing breakfast. Watching the desolation consume her as Eva delivers the devastating news pulls at my soul. As she grasps my hand, my eyes become unfocused and I see myself on the shore as a strange man carries my wet and crumpled body out of the tumultuous surf. Blood drips from a gash in his head. Another man joins us. The man carrying me squeaks out the words “Was someone able to grab the captain?” As he shakes his head no, my vision changes and I see the Andrew of my dreams, on the deck of the ship being overtaken by dark shadows who as they retreat leave him engulfed in flames. As my image gasps, my vision vanishes and I am holding a sobbing Daniela with Eva’s inquiring eyes staring into mine. She mouths “Are you ok?” A sense of loss grips my heart and I feel as though I just lost Andrew all over again. My throat is tight from unshed tears but I nod knowing Eva already has so much to deal with. I try to reassure myself that my visions are not real, but something inside of me screams that I’m lying to myself. Thankfully as Sam descends the stairs, I gather the strength to force my thoughts into a draw locking them away. I must stay in the present. As soon as he places his hand on Daniela’s back, she turns and is in his arms.
I stay with them as Eva attends to the patients. As Sam tries to comfort her, I hear her tearful plea. “Maybe you shouldn’t be near me. Maybe they’ll come after me as the only survivor. You could get hurt.”
Stepping forward, “Daniela, you are perfectly safe here, both of you are. This is a safe haven, a place for you both to take time and let us help you cope with your loss.”
Sam surprises me. “You realize my insurance has run out and I don’t have assets to self-fund this type of facility.”
“They knew that when they transferred you. Please don’t worry. We are not looking for you to self-fund anything. This institution is well endowed.” Relief and astonishment floods his features. Speaking with him sparks my curiosity about how they keep up this and their other good deeds. Brining myself back to the matter at hand, I spend another hour with them before calling over to have them delivered an early dinner, promising to show them around later in the evening. I alert Eva of my plans while heading over to feed the twins so she can ensure none of the patients are about.
After spending some time with the twins and artfully dodging Eva’s questions about my phasing out when she was telling Daniela the news, we return to show them around. Although Daniela is quiet and somewhat detached, it’s a relief to see her holding on to Sam and reacting positively as he challenges her to a swim race tomorrow. Although it is a tiny step, I’m confident that giving Daniela an anchor will help her forge forward with her life.
Returning to the residency, I feel exhausted from the long day and my inability to shake the strange feeling of loss since the unbidden image entered my consciousness. I try to put it off to feeling Andrew’s absence but there is something more, much more. Despite locking it away to function, something has been tugging at my consciousness all day calling for me to remember. Could it really be more than just a vision? I know Andrew said that he asked Reginald and that he said he didn’t know anything, but Andrew also felt as if he was being evasive. Could Reginald know what this really is and if so, would he tell me?
Kayla’s cry pulls me from my contemplation. Picking her up I softly rock her to sleep. As her eyes close, my thoughts drift back to earlier but are quickly interrupted when my telephone vibrates. My heart races as I whisper. “Have you arrived yet?”
“We just landed. Reginald has already hit the ground running. We are heading for the wounded. Where are you?”
“I’m in the twins’ room.”
“You should be resting.” His distraction concerning me is evident so I lie.
“I was sleeping, but Kayla woke up. I was just putting her back to sleep before I go back to bed.”
“Do you promise?”
“Do I need to bring back the anxiety hotline? I’m not quite awake so my jokes will only sound lamer.” I tease.
He laughs despite himself. “No, that’s fine. I pledge my eternity if you don’t bring back that hotline.” He teases back. “I have to go, they’re pushing me. I’ll call you again soon.”
“Andrew, you don’t have to keep checking on me. I’m fine, so please stop worrying. I want your head where the rest of your body is.”
“I’ll try.” The phone goes dead.
Taking some articles from my briefcase, I try keeping my mind busy, not thinking about the image which brings such dread or my fear of falling asleep without him.
After several hours, my eyes can fight no longer, they close, and my subconscious seizes the opportunity to bombard the darkness with unwelcome images. 
The Andrew of my dreams and I lay in the hammock as his fingers trace the beautiful bauble he placed around my neck. Commotion jolts us from our cocoon. Andrew jumps out, throwing on his trousers as I throw on my dress. He picks me up. Moving quickly, he places me in a small hold. “Don’t move. I’ll be right back.” He pulls his sword from a sheath and heads out the door. The clanging is deafening. I hear screams of men down. I can’t stay put. I swing open the door just in time to see strange pirates, unlike any I have ever seen before, killing the first mate while others remove the bounty and strange shadows like those that were in the woods fly towards Andrew. I thrust myself forward, knocking him out of the way. A pirate on deck swipes his sword, hitting my side. Andrew scrambles to his feet and is at my side but shadows are upon us both, ripping him from me as their heat consumes us. Above his scream, I hear the shadow’s menacing voice just before they disappear “You will never escape us, not now, not ever.”
As I’m being lifted by the man who was carrying me, my image shifts again. Andrew and I are astride a horse. My back is flush to his front. Andrew holds the reins before me while, pushing the horse harder than seems possible. All of a sudden, someone behind us screams. “Watch out!” Our heads twist frantically together as we catch sight of something flying towards us. It looks like a flying fireball with two dark holes. I’m on fire, staring into the eyes of a demon, who flings me high into the air suspended. Another fireball hits Andrew, engulfing him. As the fireball rises, Andrew is suspended too. Fighting to break free, neither of us can break their hold. Crying out “Please save him” I’m not sure why I do or who I’m crying out to but in that moment, I’m blinded by the brightest light. Strangely it relaxes my mind as I float peacefully surrounded by clouds. Before I can turn my head to look for Andrew, my eyes flutter open and I see a graying snow filled sky. 
I’m sitting in the twin’s room, my mind racing at the horror I just witnessed as my heart breaks apart slowly at experiencing Andrew’s loss over and over again. I struggle to breathe. My conscience screams, repeating the same mantra over and over again. It’s not happening. Breathe, he’s fine. I want to call him, check to know he’s safe, but know it will distract him or worse, cause him to jump on a plane back home. I want him home but Reginald is right. If he comes home before helping the injured, the guilt will change him and he will become vulnerable. I will not lose him. Locking all my muscles in place except for my eyes, I glance toward the twins. Seeing their angelic faces assures me that I’m here. He is just an ocean away helping those who darkness should not claim. My subconscious tries to assure me that he will return. Before my mind fixates on all that I saw and the dread of his absence overtakes my senses, I open my computer and concentrate on another thought that I hope will bring Andrew a smile on our special day. As I type my thoughts, my mind and body begin to calm.
The rest of the week is busy and productive. Daniela and her uncle reconnect and I have prepared the others for her return. The nights however are long and frightening as the Andrew of my erotic visions being ripped away from me bombard my subconscious with images I cannot shake and feel much more real than any dreams I’ve ever experienced. Although, I’m extremely stiff in the morning, staying on the rocking chair in the twins’ room refining my notes and seeing their angelic faces when I wake from my night terrors helps calm my palpitating heart.
By Friday next, although Daniela is still waking in the middle of the night, she is no longer screaming and the patients seem comfortable enough to have her settle in. I promise William that I will bring her over and remind him again about her amnesia, knowing that each one here will endeavor to keep their earlier encounters with her a secret, especially after Eva shares with them how much she and her family suffered at the hands of others. Despite Eva not mentioning the creatures, the patient’s faces register their understanding that the evil is similar to what touched them.
We decide to have a movie night type of introduction after settling Sam and Daniela into their rooms. Eva, Catherina and Martina make popcorn in the fireplace. The patients are quite welcoming, their eyes reflecting such sympathy after speaking with Daniela and Sam. Before retiring I take William back to his room.
“Do you think that you’ll be alright with her in the building tonight?”
His features turn thoughtful. “That’s not the girl that was here before.” I can’t hide my surprise. “Doc, I know physically she is the same girl, but she is different and I don’t mean because she doesn’t remember hurting you. The underlying evil which seeped out of her every pore is gone. The girl I met tonight is broken and devastated over losing her family. She wouldn’t hurt anyone. How can I be afraid of someone who is suffering so much that she is fighting to get up in the morning?”
His insight astounds me. “William, I’m very glad that you understand she is not the
 girl that we initially met, I would have never had her back if I thought she was.”
“I believe you. I can see there isn’t even the remotest trace of fierceness emanating from her eyes. All I see now is someone who’s isolated in her devastation and hoping to find something of herself so that she will gain the strength to move forward. You don’t have to worry about us. I know you have a lot on your mind with the wedding and half the staff gone, everything in this building is fine.”
I return to the residency happy to release the worry that Daniela and the others may accidentally meet.
Little do I know that in the wee hours of the morning another anxiety will disappear as a cool set of hands lifts me from the rocking chair. “You’re home! Why didn’t you tell me you were coming…”
Before I can even finish, his perfect lips are upon mine. I plaster myself to him, running my hands up to his perfect face. He is here! My overactive heart and racing pulse assure me that I am not dreaming. I refuse to allow him to move one inch, despite my lightheadedness from failing to breathe. Lifting me again, he places me gently on the bed as he carefully withdraws his lips from mine, moving them slowly across my cheek and to my ear. “If you don’t breathe soon, you’ll pass out.” 
 I pull him closer. He was away longer than expected and even though he called every day, I missed him so. I just can’t let him move, not yet. I shiver as his lips move slowly down my neck to the nape and back to my lips.
As I’m about to black out, he rolls onto his side, propping himself up on his elbow. “So I leave and you sleep in a rocking chair. What am I going to do with you?”
“At least I went to sleep as promised” I answer breathless. “How did everything go there? You look very tired.” I brush his cheek.
“We caught and destroyed the incubus and only lost the two who died before we got there. Thankfully Reginald came with us. I didn’t realize how many live close to the hospital. They have agreed to take it over for us. We stayed to ensure they adapted and are committed to such a responsibility. Reginald, Jason and Francis even helped them set up a similar record system. I’m sorry I was away so long but we wanted to make sure that the injured children recovered and help the families. Have you been sleeping in the chair since I left?” He raises an eyebrow.
“Do you want the truth?”
“I always want the truth from you.” As his knuckles run down my jawline, desire unfurls within me and I can barely respond.
“Yes, I developed a comfortable routine reading to the twins and then working on something. It was reassuring to wake up and see their angelic faces.”
“But how could you stand in the morning?” He teases.
“I was a little stiff, but that went away with some ibuprofen. Can I ask you something off topic?”
“You can ask me anything. I have no secrets from you.”
“How do you fund all of your good deeds?”
He laughs. “A few hundred years of eleven people working and never sleeping, not to mention you can’t imagine how many masterpieces and antiquities we inherited and later sold.”
I laugh realizing when he acquired them they were the newest rage. “I’m so glad that you’re home!”
“I had to come home and gain access to the building, it’s only a week before I’m to pledge my eternal love for you and right now I promise I will be the one standing up with the priest on Christmas Eve to marry you, so can I stay?”
I laugh and shift myself up on my elbow. I run my index finger from his forehead, down his profile, stopping to trace his perfect lips, he kisses it gently. Slowly, I glide my finger down his neck to where his shirt is buttoned, allowing it to linger. As his breath hitches, I begin unbuttoning his shirt, never taking my eyes from his. Unfastening the last one, I draw my hand gently up his perfect torso and across his shoulder, removing one side of his shirt. His eyes flare with desire. Taking his hand, I kiss the back of it and shift myself so I can move my lips slowly up his muscular arm, across his shoulder, and up his neck. Before reaching his lips, he pulls me into his chest, my heart races wildly. Rolling him, I remove the other side of his shirt refusing to break contact with his lips as mine ignite sending overheated blood coursing through my veins. He gently breaks our kiss as I’m about to black out from lack of oxygen. Gasping for air, I notice he is breathing heavy too. As his breathing slows, he sits up and shrugs back into his shirt. 
Before he fastens the first button, I shift myself running my fingertips down his perfect torso. “I didn’t say you could get dressed yet, did I? 
Concern flashes across his features, but as his eyes meet my smile and my fingers begin buttoning his shirt, he relaxes. “I had you worried for a moment, didn’t I?”
“Worried about what?” He feigns innocence.
“I only wanted to steal a small preview.” I tease kissing his chest playfully before we lay on our elbows staring at each other.
“So what else happened while I was gone?”
“I think I told you everything except what happened tonight. We moved Daniela and Sam to the psychiatric building. Everyone is very accepting, especially William. He even told me she is not the same person and he feels no threat from her.”
“That must make you feel better.”
“It does. I was concerned about him meeting her if I wasn’t here. I’m not saying everyone else couldn’t handle the encounter, but where he saw me hurt, I’m glad he could see I am not afraid of her.”
“I’m glad you’re feeling better because I don’t want anything to interfere with your peace or tranquility when we are on our honeymoon. It will be our first chance to really step away from everything and just concentrate on us.”
“I don’t know, maybe we should honeymoon here so I can’t bore you.” I launch myself at him, knocking him on his back and kissing him before springing to my feet and heading toward the kitchen. The twins are rustling. Before I reach the archway, his arms are around my waist so he can steal one more kiss before we start our day.


Chapter Fifteen Beginning My New Life

Stephen and his family arrive with Martin and Suzanne on Tuesday. My father will arrive tomorrow. Martin and Suzanne are thrilled to be spending time with the twins and Stephen is back to one hundred percent health. Andrew settles Ryan in. Marie needs to put Stephanie down for a nap so I show Edward and Stephan the Christmas tree in the terminal building which is only partially decorated. Edward is thrilled to help me finish it.
Finishing up, Stephan returns to the residency so Edward can nap and I head to the psychiatric building to see Daniela. She is in her room with Sam, her tear strewn face and Sam’s worn look tells me that she’s been crying for quite some time.
Putting my hand on his shoulder, “You look like you could use some coffee. I’ll talk to her for a while.”
Rising, he mouths thank you.
Her eyes are swollen. Putting my hand on hers, “Talking may help.”
“I miss them so much. My mom always made Christmas special. We would decorate the tree, bake special cookies and pies at the shop, and then on Christmas Eve we’d have a very special dinner. There’s nothing left of that life, no reminders, nothing.” Her features turn worried. “It’s not that I’m not grateful for my uncle, I am. I just miss them and…” She stops, but I know what she wants to say.
“I know how you feel, you feel as if a part of you is lost and you will never find that piece again.” She nods. “It may not seem like it now but with each passing day, you will find little bits of yourself as you realize that they go on in you and because of your memories you keep them alive”
“I’ve already lost so much time, what if what caused me to slip into a coma causes me to forget them?”
“You won’t. The coma that took your time and the event that triggered it is all you won’t remember. You will always remember your family. I know I don’t have a solution to the loneliness you feel now, but I may have something that can help.” Rising, “I’ll be right back.”
Returning with a package from my office, Sam is back. I hand Daniela the wrapped box. “What’s this?”
“You have to open it to find out.”
Opening it, her eyes glisten with tears as her fingers glide over the framed picture of her family lying on top of other items. Her eyes fixate on their happy faces and I know exactly what she is thinking and feeling as her fingers glide over their smiles. After several moments, she notices the tree and ornaments. As she struggles to speak, I kneel beside her. “My friend found it at your house. Why don’t you and Sam set it up I’ll have them send up some trays for you.”
Heading out, someone hugs me from behind. “Thank you for giving a piece of them back to me.”
Turning to her, “I hope it helps a little.”
Returning to the residency, Emma, Victor and their family are eating with mine. Emma hugs me. “Reginald filled me in. He’ll teach you well.”
As I clean up, Emma asks if she can drop something in my suite.
After putting the twins to bed and showering, I see a gift box on my bed with a note lying on top. Just a little something for your honeymoon-Emma
The box contains an embarrassing silk and midnight blue, lace negligee with matching robe. Running my fingers over the soft silk wondering how I could ever wear something like this in front of him, I realize I never really wore anything like it before. Curious as to what it looks like on and if I should even consider bringing it or just leave it behind, I take it into the bathroom and slip it on. Entering the bedroom to look in the full-length mirror, I’m shocked to see Andrew sitting on the bed. My cheeks heat and I blush all over as I back up into the bathroom.
Knocking, his voice sounds amused. “I’m sorry I surprised you. I’ll close my eyes so you can take a look.”
Opening the door, he’s on the bed with his eyes closed. “Keep them closed.” Turning toward the mirror, I can’t look, not with him here so I scurry back toward the bathroom. His hand is upon mine before I can turn the knob.
“You couldn’t have looked that quickly.” His hands skim the silk at my waist causing the butterflies to grow exponentially, each spreading their wings. My eyes shift to the floor. “Mia, please look up and see how beautiful you are in this. Who gave it to you because I know you would never think of buying it?”
My eyes shoot up to his. “I resent that. Maybe I just wanted to surprise you.”
He laughs. “If you bought it why are you too embarrassed to look at yourself in it?”
“Because you’re here and I hadn’t decided if I was taking it yet.”
“Emma gave it to you didn’t she?”
“How did you know?”
He points toward the bed with the open box and card. Hitting his shoulder, “You’re awful!”
“You’re absolutely breathtaking, look.”
Turning, I see his hands moving toward the top of the robe. He slips it off. My chest rises quickly as his fingers glide across my naked shoulders, down my arms, across my hands, settling on my hips, turning me toward him. Drawing my hands to his lips, he kisses them softly. “You have to pack this.”
I can’t even respond and back myself towards the bathroom. Coming out in my flannels, he fights to hide his smirk. Curling up to his side, he cannot contain himself. “You are so adorable when you’re caught wearing something soft and sexy.” Wrapping his arms around me, he brushes his lips across my cheek.
“This from a man who always backs away from me whenever we kiss”
“It gets more difficult every moment. Thankfully in a few days, we say I do.”
Laughing, I nuzzle closer to him. “Has anyone ever told you that you are delusional?”
“Not delusional. I’m just a man in love with the most remarkable and beautiful woman on the planet.”
“Waking the next morning, the same look of love is on his face and I’m so grateful to be in his arms.
After feeding the twins, Suzanne comes down so I could start rounds. As I’m leaving, Emma catches me on the stairs. “Thank you for the beautiful gift.”
“It just looked like something you wouldn’t buy for yourself, but that Andrew might appreciate.” She smiles.
“Am I really that obvious to everyone?” I shake my head.
“No but your purity and innocence are easy to pick up, I notice you dress conservative and thought you could use a little push.”
Hugging her, “Thank you again and for shipping Daniela and Sam’s things to me.”
“You’re welcome. I’ll place all the other boxes under the chairs today.
Entering the office, Eva is there. “That was a good idea to have some of Daniela’s things shipped here. She had beautiful dreams of her family and seems happier this morning. Not to change the subject, but is there anything you need for Friday?”
“You could tell me where I’m going to be on Saturday and convince your brother to allow me to pack for myself.” My tone is hopeful.
She laughs. “I could tell you, but I won’t. As far as allowing you to pack not a chance because if you are going somewhere warm, you would throw in a pair of walking shoes, black capris and a few short sleeve blouses. If I said it is somewhere cold, you’d change the capris for a black pair of pants and pack sweaters.”
Rolling my eyes at her, “I dressed alright this summer.”
“Sure you did, but that’s only because Andrew hid all your old clothes and put some nice casual clothes in your closet, but nothing too scary.” She winks at me and laughs.
“Am I really that bad, even Emma thought she had to…” Stopping myself, as close as Eva and I are, I feel strange telling her.
She comes around the desk. “Conservative dress is never wrong, but you’re young.” She bursts out laughing. “How embarrassed were you when you opened Emma’s gift? Did you at least try it on?” She pauses, assessing my stunned look. “Can I pack it?”
Sighing, “Yes, but please tell me there are some conservative clothes in that case. I can’t tell you how ridiculous I felt when your brother caught me in it.”
She laughs again. “Did his eyes pop out of his head?”
“Eva!”
“What, he may be my brother but I haven’t had girl talk like this for centuries, indulge me.” She sits next to me.
“He was very gentlemanly about it. He even closed his eyes so I could look in the mirror.” Her features register her disappointment. “But then he cheated terribly and caught me before I could run back into the bathroom, causing the butterflies that took flight in my stomach to feel as if they were going to pop out. He liked the outfit very much, so you can pack it.”
She giggles. “If something that sedate gave you butterflies then what I got you will cause your stomach to breed bees.”
“Maybe you should enjoy it with Jackson. I’m sure it will look much better on you.”
“No, I think I’ll leave it in with the others.”
“There are others!” My head pounds at the thought of what could be in there. Rising, “That’s enough girl talk. I’m going to start my rounds.”
As I leave, Eva calls out. “You may not want to think about those gifts, but Andrew will ensure that case goes with you.” She’s still laughing as I reach Daniela’s door.
Opening it, I could hear her talking. “I’ll try my hardest…” Stepping through, I look for Sam, but she is alone, looking at the tree. “Is anyone else here?”
“No, I was talking to my mother. Well, not my mother, her picture. My uncle told me that he finds it comforting to think of my dad as if he is talking to him and that he’s sure that my dad could hear him, so I was trying that. I thought I could tell her that I will do my best to pick up with my uncle and move forward.” Staring, she’s assessing my reaction to this. “You must think I’m crazy for talking to the air.”
“I think what you’re doing is a very good start. Why would it be wrong? Who’s to say that her spirit cannot hear you? We all have different coping mechanisms and if this helps you, I think it’s wonderful.” Sitting across from her, “Your tree is beautiful. Did you make some of these ornaments?” We spend the next several moments talking about which ones each member of her family made and she offers me a cookie.
As I rise, she stops me. “Mia, why did you include one of my party dresses in the package?”
“The other patients are joining Andrew and me in the nursery on Christmas Eve. We’re going to exchange wedding vows and have a small dinner. I know you may not be up to it, but I wanted to at least give you and your uncle the option.”
She smiles. “I’ll see how I feel.”
“I’ll be back before tonight” I head out. The rest of the morning flies by. I see all the patients. While I am with Terri, Andrew lets me know my father arrived. Helping me with my coat, he teases me. “I hear Eva made you blush at the thought of what she packed for you.”
Kissing him on the cheek, “Actually, I think they are for you to wear and me to enjoy.” I tease back.
“You are half right, they are partially for me, but you are definitely the one who needs to be wearing them.” He embraces me gently and smiles. I’m sure he hears my rapid heart rate. “We should go see your father.”
When we arrive, he’s talking with Emma and Victor about his work and surprises me when he excuses himself and hugs me. He hasn’t done that since I was very young and had fallen off my bike. “How was your trip?”
“It was pleasant. Is everything settled for Friday?”
“Yes, Andrew has taken care of everything. I’m glad you could get away from your work. How is it going?” His eyes flare as he talks animatedly about it. We talk for an hour before Stephan and the others join us. It is nice to see how much he loves his work.
Shaun and Anthony take Edward, Suzanne, Martin and the twins sledding while Carol and Marie spend time with Stephanie so Stephan and my father can review his research. I return to check on Daniela and find Lucas to give him my computer so he can cover for me while I am away.
He’s with Catherine locked in an embrace. “She said yes, didn’t she?”
“She did” he holds out her hand. She is wearing his ring. His expression reminds me of a little child who just got his first toy.
Hugging them both, “I’m so happy for you.”
Returning to the suite, Andrew is on the telephone. “I’ll see you then, thank you” He hangs up and looks up at me. “So where were you hiding? I was beginning to worry that you may have skipped out on me when I couldn’t find you in your office.”
Moving toward him and looking at him slyly, I have an idea. “If I say I’m having second thoughts will you tell me where we are going to entice me to stay and let me pack my own clothes?”
He cannot contain his boisterous laugh. “Not a chance, I want to give you a pleasant surprise for once.”
Crawling into his lap and putting my hands around his strong neck, I sigh. “Alright, I was tracking down Lucas to give him my computer. He proposed to your sister so it took me a little while. They look so cute together.”
“I’m glad, they have been alone for far too long. Did you have an opportunity to eat?”
“I’m not hungry at least not for food.” I nuzzle his neck.
Gently placing me on the couch, he rises and comes back a few moments later.
“You need to eat and get a good night’s rest.”
Deciding to have some fun with him, I slip my hands under his shirt, kissing him playfully and speaking softly between kisses. “Don’t you have that backwards? I should work while I’m here and then can catch up on my sleep while we’re away. Isn’t that what vacations are for?”
He decides to get his evens and is much better at it because I can’t mask my reactions. Slipping his hands under my sweater, he tickles my sides. I am hyperventilating as his cool lips caress my neck on the way up to my ear. “We may be going on vacation, but who said I am going to let you sleep.” He teases and then withdraws his lips and hands. Taking half of sandwich off the plate, he hands it to me. “I think you better eat and rest while you have the chance.”
The next morning is hectic. As I pack my carry-on with some comfortable clothing, someone mysteriously unpacks it. At first I think I’m going crazy or dreaming, until I see my black slacks floating across my room.
At dinner, I catch Emma. “Have you been sending my clothes across my room all day?”
She smiles, pointing toward Victor. “Andrew asked Victor for a favor and he complied. He was told to have your bag repel any fleece, flannel or black cotton.”
“So all I can pack is my toothbrush.”
She laughs. “You are allowed to pack your black bathing suit.”
At eleven-thirty, I’m cuddled into Andrew’s side when someone knocks. Andrew answers it. I hear him speaking with someone. “I’m fine… I don’t need to.”
I hear Gabriel. “I think it would be best.” He sounds earnest so I decide to see what is going on.
“Is there a problem?”
“I’m trying to convince Andrew to rejuvenate before you go and he thinks I’m going to take no for an answer.”
Putting my hands on Andrew’s back and pushing him towards the door, I can’t budge him. “Do what your brother tells you. I want you strong and healthy.”
“Listen to her. She is a doctor you know.” Gabriel teases.
Andrew turns to me. “I’m fine and I don’t want you sleeping on a chair tonight, I can wait a few more weeks.”
“Absolutely not, I want you to take care of yourself. In return, I promise to march right back into that bedroom and do the same.”
Hugging me tightly, “I love you. Do you promise?”
“I will if you go with Gabriel without a problem. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He kisses me. Gabriel mouths a thank you before closing the door behind him. I curl up with the pillow that is still cool from his presence and fall asleep. Waking at four, I want to shower, shave, wash and dry my hair, and gather myself together before the twins wake up. Looking out the window, large icicles hang off the trees from the overnight storm. Before I can even worry about people slipping, I catch sight of Francis, Damian, Jackson and Jason shoveling and laying down ice melt. I don’t know how Jackson knows I am at the window but he turns around and waves before I hop in the shower. The warm water feels heavenly as thoughts of Andrew and I starting our life together fill my consciousness.
Dressing in my dark fleece sweats, I go to the kitchen to make coffee. The anticipation of the day will only allow the soothing coffee to flow into my stomach. Sitting down, looking over my note to Andrew once more, I hear a soft knock. Rising, I skip to the door expecting to see Andrew, but it’s Eva.
“Good morning” She whispers so as not to wake the twins. “How did you sleep? Gabriel told me you had to push Andrew out last night.”
“I did. Is he still rejuvenating?”
“Yes, he’ll be there for another hour or so, but you aren’t allowed to see him until tonight.”
“Why is that?”
“We’re old fashioned.” She chuckles at her joke. “The groom is not allowed to see the bride before the wedding, remember?”
“Eva, be reasonable, we’re both here and my dress is in his room, so I guess I’ll see him when I get it.”
She shakes her head. “Oh no, it will be brought in here for you. You’ll just have to wait until later.”
The twins rise, we bathe them, dress them in play clothes and feed them. As the morning progresses, Eva rises. “Alright, kiss them good-bye and I’m going to take them upstairs.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Suzanne and Martin are going to watch them and get them dressed. You need to start getting ready.”
“I am ready. I already showered and did my hair before you came. All I have to do is slip into my dress.” She laughs. “What’s so funny?
“You are - this isn’t an ordinary day at work.” Opening my mouth to object, I quickly close it. From her stern features, there is no point in arguing.
Getting their clothes, when I return there is a tray of blueberry pancakes, juice and coffee. “Sit and eat.” She commands. Although the pancakes are wonderful, my excitement causes them to ball up like lumps in my stomach. Thankfully the coffee dissolves them. Finishing, “If I change now, I’ll probably get something on my dress, there is still five hours until the ceremony.”
She shakes her head. “I shouldn’t have cut it so close.” She mumbles to herself.
“Eva, what are you talking about, I’m…”
Before I can finish, there is a knock on the door. “Come in, I left it open.”
Emma, Victor, Rachel and Reginald walk in. Eva moves toward Emma. “I’ll leave you and go help Marie. Do you think an hour is enough time?”
“That should be more than enough, that’s why we are all here.”
“I’ll be back then.”
After Eva leaves, Emma moves toward me. “Why is everyone here?”
“We came to give you your first gift from Andrew.” Victor and Reginald move the coffee table out of the way, sit on the floor, and light candles which they remove from their pockets. As they join hands, Emma leads me over to them and we close our eyes. They begin chanting softly. After what seems like an eternity, a familiar voice rings in my ear, my eyes fly open. Standing before me is my mother alight in a soft glow, she’s transparent, but her face looks beautiful, peaceful and she is clearer than the faint echo which greeted me in the woods. Fighting back the tears so they won’t cloud my vision, Emma and Reginald squeeze my hands tightly and continue chanting, letting me know not to break the circle. My mother kneels, placing her hand on my cheek, warming in to the bone.
“Mia, I can only stay a moment. I’m not strong enough to apparate for long, so don’t break the circle. I wanted to let you know that we are fine and watching you, especially today. You have grown so strong since coming here, fought for so much and accepted so much, continue to use your talents wisely and to help others. I love you, have a wonderful existence with Andrew, he is a good man and I know the two of you will always grow in love, strength, and goodness. Be happy and know that I will always love you and be with you.” Leaning closer, she kisses my cheek and it tingles. Her spirit fades and then disappears.
I start to rise, but Emma and Reginald grab my hands tighter. They are still chanting. Sitting back down, I close my eyes as tears silently roll down my cheeks. After several moments, a familiar voice calls to me. Opening my eyes, David and Katrina are holding hands, surrounded by the same soft golden glow as my mother. Katrina speaks first. “I’m so happy that you and Andrew finally found a way to be together. Thank you for always talking to Nicholas and Kayla about us and loving them. I know they are in good hands and you’ll give them a good family with Andrew and his siblings now that we can’t be there with them in that world, but please let them know we are always watching over them and teach them to be strong. I love you, be happy.” She begins to fade and so does David.
He moves closer and speaks quickly. “Thank you for loving them and keeping them. I knew I made the right choice. Be happy and never let them forget that we love them and love you. Don’t be afraid to let them know their options. Be happy with Andrew and always stay strong. I love you.” As they lean down to kiss me, their glow warms my cheeks just before they disappear. Emma and Reginald release my hands.
They rise to leave, grabbing Emma’s hand, “Thank you.”
She smiles. “That’s the least I can do after what you did for Abigail. We only helped them appear clearer, they would have come anyway.” She turns to leave.
“Emma, do you know what David meant by sharing Kayla and Nicholas’ options with them?”
Turning in the archway, “Like you, they too are of my line and would have the gene and possibly the ability to develop it, but we can talk about that later. Today is a day to focus on you and Andrew. Besides, if you continue to cry, Eva will be very upset with me.” She wipes a tear and turns. “I’ll change and be right back to help Eva get you ready.”
I am still standing near the door, stunned by the appearances and this new revelation when Andrew’s voice on the other side of the door calls me out of my introspection. Twisting the knob, the door won’t open.
“Mia” My heart pounds and I tug harder on the knob. “Wait, stop. Eva will never forgive me if I see you. I just wanted to see how you feel after seeing your mom, David and Katrina.”
Leaning against the door, I place my palm flat just above the knob. Although he could hear me where I stood, I want to be close to him. “I could feel their warmth. I can’t tell you how much that meant to me and how wonderful you are for doing this.”
“I can’t take all the credit. I knew once it came close to a year, they would try to contact you. I just wanted to make them clearer because they are still young.”
“Have I told you how wonderful you are and how you think of everything. Thank you for the most wonderful gift. I love you so much.”
“I’m glad to hear you love me, especially since in just a few hours you and I will be spending eternity together. It would be a very long eternity if you didn’t love me.” He laughs. “So wipe your tears and smile. Eva is on her way down and I’ll never hear the end of it if your eyes are red. Besides, there’s something under your bed you need to see.”
His humor and loving nature stop even my happy tears. “I’ll see you shortly.” I wipe the last tear and head toward the bedroom. Under the bed, there is beautifully decorated box holding a photo album. I allow my fingertips to glide across the beautiful images of Andrew, the twins and my family. Holding it close to my chest, I hear Eva clearing her throat. Looking up, she’s in the doorway holding my dress and veil in one hand and an oversized blue duffle in the other. She looks absolutely stunning in her silk off the shoulder sapphire gown. The shimmer makes her eyes sparkle even more. A lovely comb with a deep blue rosebud in the center of a lacey ellipse holds one side of her hair back, revealing dangling pear shaped sapphire earrings which complement the pear shaped teardrop sapphire necklace surrounded by small cut diamonds. I cannot help but stare at how beautiful she looks as she moves toward the living room.
I follow and she gets a chair from the kitchen. “Sit down, I need to get the red out of your eyes and get your makeup done.” Placing drops in my eyes, “Keep them closed for a minute and then we’ll get started.”
The door opens and someone walks in. When I open my eyes, Emma is standing next to me looking beautiful in a black crochet halter dress with amethyst underlay complimented by an amethyst choker and pear shaped earrings. Staring at them, I can imagine what the others look like. Shaking my head, I can’t help but feel inadequate and wish we had just taken the twins and run down to city hall. At least, I wouldn’t have to be self-conscious among all of these remarkable and beautiful people.
Eva hits me in the back of the head softly. “Stop that, you are going to look beyond words when you walk down the aisle so remove that doubt from your eyes now!”
My eyes shoot up. “I thought Gabriel is the mind reader.”
“You’re not that difficult to read.”
“Well then answer me this, why do I need you to get me ready if I look alright usually?”
“That’s easy your only focus is marrying my brother. I’m focusing on giving you wonderful images to look back at in a few centuries. Eternity is a very long time and you know what the outside can throw at you despite your everlasting love.”
Hugging her tightly I remember how in my darkest hours the images of the ones I love gave me my strength. “Thank you”
“Enough sentiment” She replies lightly. “We need to get to work.”
Eva does my make-up as Emma paints my nails a soft blush. Every time I try to do something, Eva slaps away my hand. She arranges my hair in a French twist, while Emma places soft baby’s breath throughout and pulls down little tendrils near my face.
I don’t need a clock to tell me that the time is almost here. The sky darkens and there is increased activity in the hallway. My stomach fills with excited fluttering butterflies. Emma and Eva help me into the gown and place the veil upon my head. I hear my family enter the living room. Eva and Emma excuse themselves. Everyone looks stunning, especially Nicholas and Kayla whose hair has beautiful ringlets with two soft ribbons. Leaning down, I kiss them tenderly. Jackson enters looking wonderful in his black suit and pearl gray shirt to take them to the nursery. “Wait until you see Eva, she is stunning.” I whisper.
“You look beautiful. Andrew is very lucky but if we don’t get you there, he may pass out.” He teases.
As Jackson moves, Kayla reaches for me “Mama.” Freezing, I finally look at my father and Stephan. To my relief, neither looks shocked or angry. Taking her for one more moment, I kiss her before Jackson leaves.
Turning, I gather the pillow and rings to give to Edward. “Thank you auntie, this is so much fun.” I kiss him and Stephanie before Marie takes them outside to wait for Stephan.
Stephan hugs me. “You look beautiful. I know that we lost a lot of time, but I’m glad that we’re friends now. I will never forget what you did for me. Andrew is a very lucky man and I wish both of you happiness and love.”
Hugging him back, “That means a lot to me. I’m glad you’re feeling better and could come. You have a wonderful family Stephan and I am so happy for you.”
Leaving, I’m left alone with my father. Staring at me for what seems like forever, he says something that surprises me. “You looked absolutely panicked when Kayla called you mama, I’m sure that wasn’t the first time.”
“No, but it was the first time before you and Stephan.”
Taking my hand, his features are free from even a hint of disapproval or anger. His eyes meet mine and I know he wants me to hear what he is about to say. “I know you and I have never seen eye to eye, but I can see now that you have made a wonderful life for yourself here and Andrew is a good man. It took losing your mother and your sister to realize how important family is. I know that the two of you will love and care for Nicholas and Kayla and will show them how to be strong because you are strong. Thank you for including me in that life with Nicholas and Kayla. I hope to take some time when my research is more stabilized and spend it with you and them and you can show me your work.”
I want to pinch myself, I must be dreaming. He has never spoken like that to me before. “I would really like that. You know that you are always welcome here.”
He hugs me. “I should get you down to the nursery. We don’t want to keep your wonderful young man waiting.” I can’t stop my escaping giggle, knowing that Andrew is older than his great, great grandfather.
The night is cold, but the newly fallen snow and icicles hanging from the trees have turned the surroundings into a beautiful winter wonderland. Entering the nursery, all of the vegetable trays are moved to the back covered with young fruit trees strewn with white twinkling lights and white bows. Icicle lights hang from every rafter making me feel as if I can touch thousands of sparkling stars. At the end of an aisle lined with small Christmas trees covered in white twinkling lights and small blush rosebuds tied on the tips with white ribbon is a lattice adorned with small white lights and beautiful white roses. The guests are seated and father Jeffers stands under the archway. Marie and Eva close ranks with Jackson and Stephan. Martina moves behind them with the twins and Edward stands before us with the rings.
Trying to peer between their heads as the guests rise, I can only see Gabriel.
As the others move forward, Andrew steps under the lattice. His absolute perfection in his black tuxedo stuns my heart. As his sapphire eyes meet mine, they sparkle and dance. As I tear my eyes from his, I see his glorious features illuminate as the most exuberant smile adorns his face. My father moves us forward. With each step, my heart quickens, breaking out into a sprint and I barely notice the beautiful voice singing Ave Maria over my pounding heart. Trying to slow my rapid breathing so I do not hyperventilate and pass out before reaching him, I see his perfect lips mouthing something to me. Concentrating on them, he is telling me he loves me and to take a deep breath.
Taking my final steps toward him, my father places my hand in Andrew’s and clears his throat twice before I face him to kiss him good-bye. As my palm lay upon Andrew’s hand, I am truly home and know that the missing piece of my heart has forever slid into place. Andrew leans down. His porcelain lips at my ear. “I love you” he whispers as we take our final steps toward father Jeffers. Caressing his hand, I whisper “I love you too.”
Father Jeffers smiles at us and then looks at the guests. “Please be seated.” Turning to us, “Please face each other. Looking up, I feel myself getting lost in his wondrous and joyful eyes. I don’t even hear my father or Martin do the readings. Eva nudges me slightly when it comes time for me to speak.
“I do.” I reply softly, unwilling to come out from the wonderful loving feeling I have staring into his eyes.
When it’s his turn, the smile and love in his voice as he says “I do” makes the love in my heart overflow, warming my entire being.
Despite the beating of my heart, I hear father Jeffers tell us to take the rings. Turning to Edward, I kiss him and take Andrew’s ring. Andrew leans down, takes the ring and puts his hand on Edward’s shoulder. “Thank you for keeping them safe for us and doing such a good job.” Edward’s face beams with delight.
“Mia, repeat after me as you place the ring on Andrew’s finger.”
Placing the ring on Andrew’s finger, my voice is breathy. “I give you this ring as a sign of my love, fidelity and commitment to grow with you in light forever.”
As Andrew takes my shaking hand in his causing my heart rate to spike, a look of such love fills his features that I swear I see a glow enshroud him. “I give you this ring as a sign of my unending love, fidelity and commitment to grow with you in light forever.”
Father Jeffers draws my attention, “Before I pronounce you husband and wife, Mia has something special she would like to share with Andrew at this time.”
Looking at the love which illuminates his features gives me confidence to get out what I want to say despite my sprinting heart. Although my voice is soft, from the look on his face, he hears me. “Andrew, when I first came here I was lost. My world was shrouded in darkness, self-doubt, and loneliness. Then you entered my life and with just one touch of your hand, I knew that I was home and found the missing piece my heart was always searching for. In the sparkle of your eyes, I see the sun bursting through even my cloudiest of days and the full moon piercing through my blackest nights. Your gentle nature nurtures me and encourages me to grow as an individual, while we grow as partners. In my deepest, darkest moments, when I’m confronted by my worst fears, it is your love that guides me back to you and our love which I know will only grow throughout our future years and is already beyond compare. I love you and am grateful for every moment that we are together.” His eyes glow with love as he strokes my cheek.
“I believe that Andrew has something to say.” Father Jeffers says softly.
Taking my hands in his, he draws them to his lips, kissing them gently. “Mia, I never thought that I was worthy enough to deserve love or happiness. I embraced my forever night which shrouded even the sunniest of days, refusing to let anyone care for me or get close to me. Then you came along and somehow pierced through my veil of darkness and refused to let me close out the rays of sunshine that come with your smile and the warmth that flows from your laugh. You fought for me, even when you had to fight me to save me from my desolation to win over even my darkest side and make me whole. You are the light that allows my soul to soar to the highest heavens. Your loving nature shelters me from the most turbulent storms and removed the clouds of my shadowy future, changing my destiny forever. You are my light in the darkest tunnel and the one who led me home. In you I see a bright and loving future encircled by love and forever in sunshine.”
I cannot stop the joyous tears trickling down my cheeks as father Jeffers pronounces us husband and wife. Andrew’s perfectly cool lips are upon mine as I wrap my arms around his strong neck knowing that we now belong to one another forever. His passionate kiss and my forgetting to breathe leave me lightheaded as he turns us around and wraps his arms around my waist to face our guests. Gabriel is the first one over to me and hugs me as Andrew embraces Eva.
As I face Jackson, he winks. “So Dr. St. Cloud it looks like you’re stuck with us for eternity now.” He smiles fondly.
“Thank you so much for always being there when I needed a friend.”
Martin and Suzanne approach us last with the twins. Andrew and I take Nicholas and Kayla, completing our happy little family as William instructs us all to stand together so that he can take the photographs.
When we finish, we place the twins in their high chairs and I speak to William. “Thank you for taking the pictures for us tonight.”
“Are you kidding, it’s my pleasure. We’ll miss you while you are gone, but promise me that you will come back with a lot of new pictures to give me ideas for new paintings.”
“While I’m sure that you don’t need new ideas, your paintings are always the most imaginative, I do promise to bring back plenty of photographs.”
He hugs me. “Have a good trip and don’t worry about anything here.”
Coming behind me, Andrew runs his cool fingers slowly down my bare back before wrapping his arms around me, making my heart beat wildly as William excuses himself. As his cool lips kiss my naked shoulder, moving slowly up my neck so he can whisper in my ear, I shiver. “Have I told you how your beauty stunned my heart when I first saw you walking down that aisle? Thank you for wearing the dress.”
Turning in his arms, I wrap my arms around his waist and kiss him. “I had to wear something suitable considering I married the most perfect being on this plane or any other.” His fingertips move slowly up my spine before he cups my face, kissing me so passionately, I’m unaware that everything has moved around us and we are dancing until he removes his lips from mine and whispers. “So how do you like the singer?”
Trying to force myself to listen beyond the pounding of my heart, I hear a soft female voice singing as we dance among tiny pieces of white confetti falling from the ceiling. The dim candle lighting, soft music and confetti makes it feel as if we are dancing among the falling snow, but without the cold. Shifting, he puts his hand on my waist and takes my other hand in his as I put my free hand upon his shoulder. He twirls me around the floor as cameras flash.
“She is wonderful and you are amazing, you think of every detail. I do have a question. Did you know I was going to say something to you in the ceremony?”
His triumphant smile and soft features answer me before he utters a word. “The night I surprised you, your computer was open and I saw it. I planned on saying something to you, but it is nice to see that you intended the same.”
“Since, you left me nothing else to do I had to make some effort.” I tease. “Seriously, when you were away I missed you. I know I tell you that I love you and you can tell from my reaction to you, but I want you to know how much you trusting me with your secret and taking me into your life means to me, it’s everything, you are everything.” I stretch, brushing his lips. Pulling me closer, we dance to one more song as he sings softly in my ear. My heart soars amongst the clouds. Then all too soon, he turns me over to my father for our official dance and he dances with Eva.
At dinner, Gabriel makes a toast. “When Mia first came to work here we all knew she was going to be trouble for my brother.” He winks. “She was only here for a short time before learning his secret.” My heart skips a beat. “She knew right from the start that Andrew is truly a loving soul who buried himself so deep under years of self-built walls that it would take someone as beautiful and bright as she is to tear them down and bring the light of happiness back into his life. Even when he tried to push her away or others tried to convince her that getting involved with him was going to be difficult, she fought for him and brought him back to life. We always knew how special our brother is, he is someone you can always count on, is always the first to lend a helping hand and who is strong in character and pure of heart, but it took Mia to make him whole and make our family complete. Please raise your glasses in celebration of the brining together of these two very special people.” My eyes widen in surprise as everyone, even the St. Clouds drink champagne. Sipping it, he winks at me.
After dinner, we dance with several of the guests. I even dance with Reginald. “I will be leaving tonight after the ceremony. Call me when you are ready for my return. I was planning to help while you were away, but I got a call from a friend who needs my help and it will give me an opportunity to bring more of our kind out from the shadows.”
I stretch to kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you for giving me my life back.”
“Thank you for trusting me, I look forward to watching your future Mia, don’t ever forget to always trust your instincts and believe in your strength.”
“Before you leave I have something for you.” Taking his hand, I lead him back to his seat, kneel down and pull out the box, handing it to him.
“Aren’t we the ones who are to give you gifts” He teases. Opening the box he appears surprised and delighted.
“I have everything I could ever wish for and more. This was given to me by my grandmother so that I could always find my way home. Now that I’m home, I hope that it will help you on your travels and will remind you to find your way back here to visit us.”
He hugs me. “Thank you. I know it is truly a gift from your heart. I can’t wait to return here and teach you and maybe even your young ones. I will see you soon.” Andrew comes to claim me so we can cut the wonderful five tier creation that Gabriel prepared. He hugs Reginald and says good-bye.
The cake smells heavenly. Andrew cuts a bite size piece from a white chocolate layer and carefully places it in my mouth. Cutting a very small piece next to his, I am not sure whether to hold it out to him. He nods ever so slightly so I bring it to his lips. As he swallows, he kisses my fingers gently and then kisses me. Against my lips, he whispers. “You look absolutely shocked.”
“I am. You always surprise me.”
“Thank you for cutting such a small piece.” Kissing me again, he turns us back to our guests as Gabriel and Martina cut and hand out the cake. While everyone is enjoying dessert, I stand. “Andrew and I want to thank you for sharing this day with us, so if you could please take the boxes under your seats, they are our way of saying thank you.” Andrew draws me into his side. “Now who is amazing? How did you do this?”
“You weren’t here at night so I had a lot of free time to search the internet for the patient’s gifts and contact their relatives to have the digital pictures forwarded. Emma helped me with Daniela’s personal effects and her mother’s recipe books, as well as shipping William’s paint supplies. However, getting Sam’s vintage car and all the parts here was an interesting story. I’ll tell you sometime. We watch the joy on our friends and families faces. I’m overjoyed watching Andrew’s family smile as they open the music boxes containing their favorite songs and place the St. Raphael’s medals around their necks. Andrew nudges me in time to see Stephan and Marie delight as they see the deed to the house which they made a home, Edward’s smile as he opens his antique train set and Suzanne and Martin’s shocked face as they look over the trust turned over to them along with several airline tickets that are redeemable anywhere. I’m delighted as my eyes turn to my father who is smiling as he stares at the digital frame flashing photographs of my mother and him.
Andrew and I steal a few more dances. The band’s soft notes are soothing and would be relaxing, but dancing with Andrew as he runs his cool fingertips softly down my spine or slowly down my arm electrifies my body, I feel like a live wire with a continuous voltage of electricity surging through me.
As Emma and her family say goodnight, I notice Emma changed her necklace for the one I gave her. She hugs me. “Marie told me that you allowed her to borrow this on her wedding day and that it was your mother’s.”
“It was. You gave me something that belonged to one of my ancestors” I smile lifting the pendant from under my dress. “I thought it only fair to give you something from one of your descendants.” She laughs.
Everyone else says good night and Andrew’s siblings start cleaning up. Andrew turns to me. “Shall we change and get ready to begin our adventure? That is unless you would like to take the long flight in your wedding gown, not that seeing you in it, for a little longer wouldn’t be pleasing, but I don’t know how comfortable it will be for you.”
“So we are taking a plane to where? I should know how to dress so that I’m not too hot or too cold when we arrive or maybe I should just throw on my cotton sweats with a t-shirt because that is always flexible.”
Wrapping his arms around me, he kisses me. “Oh no, there is an outfit on your bed Mrs. St. Cloud, no everyday sweats. Just think of it as the only clue you are going to get.”
I can’t stop my eyes from glancing over to the twins. As excited as I am, uneasiness settles in the pit of my stomach as I consider being somewhere for an unknown period of time while they are here. “I need to say good-bye to Nicholas and Kayla.”
He smiles. “You can, but they will only be a few rooms down from us with Jackson and Eva.”
Throwing my arms around him, I practically knock him over. “You really do think of everything.”
“That’s probably why you fell in love with me.” He teases and touches my nose with the tip of his finger. “Did you really think that after everything you have just been through that I would let you worry or be so far away from them? I mean you may have made it for a few days, but not several weeks.”
“I think that you just dropped another clue.” I tease him.
Taking my hand, we walk outside where he moves me to a bench that is cleared of snow. “Come and sit with me a minute, I want you to see something.” Sitting down, he cocoons me on his lap. “Look up at the sky.”
Looking up, the moon is a perfect crescent against a black star filled sky. As beautiful as it is, it pales in comparison to the way his glorious eyes sparkle in the dim light. “It is very beautiful.”
“Continue to look up, trust me.”
After several moments, I see what he means. Shooting across the dark sky is a beautiful meteor shower, nature’s perfect fireworks display.
After I don’t know how long, Jackson and Eva speed past us with the twins. Jackson calls out. “If you two don’t hurry and get changed Eva, I and the twins will be the only ones enjoying your honeymoon.” Getting up, we head upstairs. Leading me to my door, he kisses me before I go inside to change. Before I even shut the door, I hear his door close.
Placing my shoes and veil on the shelf in the closet, I move toward my bed where a beautiful amethyst halter jumpsuit with a matching crochet jacket, lay revealing that we are going somewhere warm. Although my wedding dress only has a few buttons around the collar, it also has buttons on the back of the waistline. It takes me a few moments of fumbling before I unfasten some. Andrew clears his throat and I turn toward the door. He looks amazing in his light beige pants and hunter green shirt. “Would you like some help?” He inquires moving toward me. My heart rate quickens with each forward step. As his hands lightly touch the back of the dress, my nerves awake the sleeping butterflies. He unfastens each lower button in seconds and then glides his fingertips slowly up my spine to the collar. His cool lips caress my shoulder as he unbuttons the collar. My forgetting to breathe almost causes me to black out. Turning me around toward him still holding my collar gently, he whispers. “Mia, open your eyes and breathe.” I do and see his eyes alight with desire before he drops them to the floor and turns around. “I should let you get dressed or we will miss our connecting flight.” I change quickly. As I hang up my gown, he holds up the crochet jacket for me and hugs me gently.
Out in the hall, he hands me my winter coat. Nicholas and Kayla are asleep in Eva and Jackson’s arms. An amused look passes between them. Finally Jackson cannot contain himself any longer, he laughs. I really thought that was it for you two. You have more restraint than any couple I know.”
Andrew hits him in the back of the head, jostling him slightly. “Give Nicholas to Mia and let’s get the car.
We drive to the little airstrip and board the airplane. Nicholas and Kayla have fallen back asleep, so we secure them in their seats and sit down. Andrew looks at me. “Are you hungry? You didn’t eat much earlier.”
Looking at his perfect features with a sly smile, I allow my fingers to run from his open shirt collar down his perfect torso. It is nice to see him shiver. “I am hungry but not for food. Do you remember what I said once we said I do about space between us and your backing away?”
“I remember” his breathing elevates.
“I will hold you to that as soon as this plane lands Mr. St. Cloud and there will be no retreat.”
He smiles widely. “I’m sure that you will back away before I do Mrs. St. Cloud.”
As much as I hate to admit it, he is probably right. As much as I love him and can play, I always knew that before we were married it would never go beyond a certain point. Now there are no barriers between us and I’m unsure how to go forward. I just hope that my insecurity and uncertainty will not lead to his disappointment.
I don’t realize how deep in thought I am until his cool hand strokes my jawline, grasping my chin so that I am forced to look at him. “What has you so preoccupied?”
“I am just picturing you backing away.” I joke, but my shaky voice and anxious heart betray me.
Kissing me gently before moving his lips to my ear, he speaks softly. “I think it’s something more than that. Talk to me, please.”
Looking back, I know that Eva and Jackson can hear me even if I whisper. I feel self-conscious enough about speaking to him about this and just can’t bring myself to say anything now. I turn back to him and smile. “It’s nothing really.”
Encircling me with his strong arms, he draws me close to his chest. “Maybe we can talk about it when we arrive. Why don’t you try to get a little sleep?” To my surprise, I do fall asleep in his arms. He wakes me shortly before we land in Florida. We only have a few minutes to reach our connecting flight and move quickly through the airport.
Most of the people on the plane sleep, but the butterflies in my stomach are making it difficult to calm my anxious heart. I ask the stewardess for some coffee hoping that the hot liquid will calm their fluttering wings. As I sip it slowly, Andrew strokes my hand. “Wouldn’t you rather get some more rest that will keep you up?”
“I’m not tired. How much longer will we be traveling?”
We should arrive in about forty minutes or so.
As we begin our descent, the captain thanks us for flying with their airlines and notifies the passengers that the Turks and Caicos Islands are a balmy seventy degrees. I look at Andrew. “This is wonderful.” I stroke his magnificent cheek.
He smiles widely. “This is only our first stop. I figured you might enjoy a few days of rest and relaxation before we reach our other destination.”
“This is already perfect. You don’t have to arrange for another destination.”
“Everything is all arranged. I am really looking forward to showing you our next destination, but there is quite a bit to see and it is best done on foot, so I thought a few days of quiet alone time would be nice.” The sultriness of his voice not only awakens the butterflies but also the buzzing bees.
As the plane stops, Nicholas and Kayla wake up. Eva and I feed them while Andrew and Jackson get the bags and pile them into a car. We drive away from the airport lights and through the shadowy roads which are only illuminated by our headlights. It’s four in the morning when our car comes to a stop at the gates surrounding a beautiful estate. The sky has lightened to a soft charcoal gray allowing me to see the red roof and pink walls of the estate surrounded by beautiful blooming flowers and a small fountain. Andrew presses the call button and the gates open. Driving through, there are two gentlemen at the door.
“Good morning Dr. St. Cloud, Mr. Smythe said you would be arriving today, how was your flight?”
“It was very smooth thank you.”
“Let me show you to your rooms.”
Eva and Jackson take Nicholas and Kayla and follow the second gentleman.
Andrew and I follow our greeter. The estate is absolutely perfect with fresh fragrant flowers throughout. I realize how much of it is open as I look around at the light coral walls. We walk down an open hallway aligned with beautiful paintings. At the end of the hallway, there is a set of double French doors, opening them, the gentleman steps into a beautiful bedroom. There are flowers adorning the bureau and small lamps casting a soft glow on a king size bed. The headboard is antique mahogany and carved ornately. The gentleman places our bags on a stand in the walk in closet and points to the door to the right indicating that it is a private bath and then opens a set of French doors to the left. Following him out, we are standing in a private garden area with a jacuzzi. He indicates that just beyond the shrubbery is the beach. As I listen, I hear the rolling waves.
“There is a full size pool is on the other side of the house sir and the kitchen is fully stocked as requested. When you are ready for breakfast or if you need anything, please feel free to lift up the telephone and dial three, it will ring in my room. My name is George and the other gentleman who was at the car is Seth.”
“Thank you very much George. I appreciate you rising so early to let us in.”
Turning, he retreats through the room. Andrew and I linger outside enjoying the warm breeze as the sky turns blue.
Andrew wraps his arms around me, kissing me gently. “Did I surprise you?”
“Yes, it is beautiful here and so balmy, especially after our cold winter nights. Thank you so much, this is perfect.” I kiss him back.
When I finally have to withdraw my lips from his to catch my breath, he runs his knuckles down my jawline. “Now will you tell me what concerned you on the plane? I think I may have some idea from your desire not to speak in front of Eva and Jackson, but I would prefer you tell me.”
Acrobats begin performing in my stomach as I struggle to find the right words. I love him and want to be with him, but my only encounter with a man was terrifying, scarring and left me running from the thought of intimacy. In truth, it left me fleeing from anyone who tried to get close. My eyes shift toward the beautiful sandstone at our feet.
Andrew gently grasps my chin, lifting my face toward his. His features turn very understanding and his voice is tender. “You are not the only one who is nervous. We don’t have to do anything, we have an eternity together. How would you like to look around the estate or maybe the island, it is wonderful here. We could even swim with tropical fish.” His voice is soft and reassuring. He is trying to make me feel better and does.
Brining my hand up to stroke his perfect cheek, I can barely speak the words. “It’s not that I don’t want to, I do. It’s just that...” I inhale deeply. “I don’t want to disappoint you.”
The depth and feeling in his eyes takes my breath away. “You could never disappoint me. You have given me the greatest gift anyone could ever hope for, you shared your beautiful heart with me and you love me.”
“I do love you, but I’m just not sexy and what if I don’t...”
Before I can even finish, he puts his finger up to my lips. “You are the most beautiful woman I know and the sexiest. Don’t ever doubt yourself. You are more than I could ever hope for and all that I will ever want. I love you and everything else will unfold when you’re ready.”
Leaning into his chest, he enfolds me in his strong arms, kissing the top of my head. “I love you.”
“I love you too. More than I ever thought was possible to love anyone.”
“What would you say to a nice stroll along the beach?”
“That would be really nice.”
We remove our shoes and he takes my hand, intertwining our fingers as we walked through the beautiful garden to the shrubs and through a small hidden gate. Stepping onto beautiful white sand, we walk toward the gentle rolling waves. The soft pink rays of a newly breaking dawn pierce the blue sky. The warm water gently rolls over our feet as we walk slowly along the beach that stretches to the horizon. Resort hotels and some private estates adorn the shoreline. As the sun rises higher, the turquoise ocean shimmers, revealing shadows from fish swimming close to the surface. Andrew points to the silhouette of a manta ray.
The sun’s rays warm me to my core. Removing my jacket, Andrew places his cool arm around my shoulder and takes my hand. He moves us up the beach toward a shoreline café. “Even though we may have quelled your butterflies, I bet a good cup of coffee and something to eat would be appreciated.”
I laugh. He knows me too well. He pulls out a chair from a table beneath a palm tree. The waitress takes my order.
As I enjoy coffee and a muffin, Andrew draws circular shapes with his fingertips across my naked back igniting my pulse and heating my blood. Desire unfurls within me, I want him, but can I make him happy? I know I want to try. After paying the waitress, we walk back. I can’t help but catch how the white sand sparkles in the sunshine as does Andrew’s sapphire eyes.
“What would you say to putting on our suits and going snorkeling so that you could see the fish up close?”
Entering the closet, my suitcase is extremely organized. I find two bathing suits, neither of which I can carry. Andrew steps out of the bathroom. He is sporting navy swim trunks. His exquisite physique never ceases to stun me. Walking toward him, I wrap my arms around him stretching to kiss him. I never thought I would hear myself say this to him and mean it, but considering the two alternatives, I do. “Where is the bag containing my black suit?”
A sly smile crosses his lips as he walks into the closet and searches through my bags. Turning he’s holding something black in his hands, but from the hanging strings, it is not my bathing suit but one of the two piece suits that I saw packed. “I guess it isn’t here, you’ll have to wear this.” His voice sounds too innocent as he places it in my hand.
“I can’t wear this! It was bad enough trying to wear the other one.” His lips possess mine before I can say another word sending an incendiary spark throughout my system igniting my blood. I’m burning from the inside. If I didn’t know him better I would swear he did this on purpose so I would throw on the suit and jump into the water seeking relief.
His sultry voice entices me. “Please, put this on, I know you will look amazing and we can cool off.” He barely contains his smirk. He did do it on purpose. Oh Andrew.
Crossing my arms, I go to change. My peak is quickly forgotten when I find a small wrap around left for me. Placing them on, I step out to join him. His eyes flare as I move closer. “I told you that you would look amazing in it, but you look phenomenal. Thank you.”
“You are delusional and I am very grateful for that.”
Walking back to the beach, the water is warm and the tropical fish are colorful. Snorkeling through the light turquoise ocean is amazing. Despite swimming next to a small shark, I feel very safe next to Andrew. After hours exploring the underwater paradise, we return. A table in the garden is set for an early dinner. There is a covered dish for me and two goblets. One contains a light rose and the other appears dark red. Sitting down, Andrew looks inquisitively at me as his hand moves toward the glass but I am determined that he will find nothing but love and devotion in my eyes. This is a necessity to his life the way food is essential to mine. After everything he has given me, I want him to feel comfortable showing me every aspect of his existence.
He touches the stem but continues staring, assessing me. “Will this bother you if I stay?”
Rising, I crawl into his lap and reach for the glass. “Why would anything you do bother me?” I lift the glass to his lips. Taking a small sip, his eyes never leave mine. Removing the glass from my hand, he places it on the table. Caressing my cheek with his thumb, his eyes fill with sincerity. “Thank you for accepting my depraved side.”
“You don’t have a depraved side.” I try to sound scolding, but fail as my heart pounds from his proximity and I can’t resist kissing his hands. As our eyes meet, the way he looks at me, I melt.
“You should eat your crab, I’m sure that George would be very disappointed if you missed out. His timing was so perfect, I’m sure that your wine isn’t even warm.”
I eat while he drinks and then excuses himself for a moment. Returning, he starts the jets in the jacuzzi. “Would you like to take your wine over here and take a dip? I know how much you like the one at home.”
Stepping in, he holds out his hand to assist me. As warm as the ocean water was, the swirling water from the jets is even warmer and very relaxing. Standing before him, I am ready. Tracing his biceps with my index fingers, I brush them across his shoulders and down his perfect torso. He shivers and his breathing elevates. Drawing my eyes to his, they are alight like the flames of a baked Alaska filled with desire and love. As they search mine, I nod before stretching up to kiss him. As his cool lips brush against mine, I place my hands on his back, pulling myself against his taut chest. His fingertips glide slowly down my spine, electrifying every nerve cell throughout my body. Our kiss turns all consuming, unlocking a desire in me for him stronger than I have ever felt, igniting my soul and burning away my fears, inhibitions, and uncertainty. His lips move from mine, caress my jawline, my neck, and move up to my earlobe. “Are you sure?”
Trying to keep my breathing steady now that I am breathing at all, I nod.
Shifting, he lifts me, cradles me to his chest, and carries me into the room. Placing me gently on the bed, his eyes never leave mine as he hovers over me, leaning down to kiss me. Tracing the muscles of his perfect back, I feel every sinew, every flex as I pull him down to me. Supporting his weight on his elbows, his perfect lips caress my neck, glide across my shoulder flaming the fire of desire burning within me, extinguishing every doubt and fear, replacing it with an overwhelming sense of love and commitment. My fingertips run up and down his perfect spine relishing the feel of every sinew of his flexed muscles. As his lips return to possess mine, he releases the stings of my suit, caressing me, possessing me, making love to me. He is caring and gentle and my experience with him sweet. Maybe somewhere deep inside I did know it, my visions of us together showed this to me, I should have never doubted how perfect our love would be and how special he would make me feel.
We lay there with the French doors open, watching as the last of the bright sun sets in the darkening sky. A gentle breeze glides over us and fills the room with the soft aroma from the blossoms in the garden. My hand traces the perfect muscles of his torso and arms as his fingers gently glide up and down my spine. Perfectly content in his arms, I move closer into his side placing my head upon his shoulder. His free hand strokes mine lightly. His voice is soft as a whisper but sounds concerned. “Would you tell me something?”
Leaning up on my elbow, keeping my other hand under his on his torso, I watch his features shift from content to concerned.
“I tell you everything, what’s wrong.”
“Are you alright?”
I can’t understand why he is asking this until I see a tear drop fall upon his chest. “I am much better than alright, I have never felt happier.”
“Why are you crying?” He wipes the last tear from my cheek.
“I wasn’t even aware that I was crying until just this moment.” Drawing my hand out from his to bring it up to his perfect cheek, I stare into his eyes. “Andrew, when I first realized that we had nothing holding us back, I will admit I became nervous but not because I don’t trust you or love you, I do more than I ever thought was possible. I was just unsure of myself and yet you made this the most perfect, special experience imaginable. I shouldn’t be surprised because you are perfect in every way possible, but you are also so gentle and caring and I can’t believe how truly blessed I am to have someone like you love me.”
Wrapping his arms around me, be pulls me closer to him. “I do love you. Mia, you are unique, beautiful, and special. I am the one who is blessed to be with you.”
Nuzzling his neck, I move my lips slowly up to his as his arms tighten around me. Making love to Andrew is something I pictured and envisioned but never, even in my imagination, did I realize how wonderful it would truly be. He really is perfect in every way. I didn’t realize I had eventually fallen asleep until I wake wrapped in his arms with sunlight flooding the room. “Good morning, what time is it?”
“Good afternoon, is a more accurate greeting.” He smiles, kissing my forehead.
Sitting up quickly, I jump out of bed.
“Where’s the fire?” His features turn amused.
Staring at him, I realize where we are and crawl back into bed, kissing him gently. “Why did you let me sleep so late?”
He laughs. “Because I didn’t let you sleep last night. How about taking a boat ride to the other side of the island and having a little picnic? I was told there are huts that were built for a movie that overlook the beach and if you are up to a dive there is a beautiful coral reef.”
“That sounds wonderful.”
Picking up the telephone, he asks George to pack a picnic lunch before we get up. Stepping into the shower while he looks for something to wear, I close my eyes allowing the warm water to caress my face. A moment later, cool hands wrap themselves around me and I lean back into his strong chest. “I thought that you were getting something to wear?”
“I did, it’s lying on the counter. I need to get showered too so I thought that we would conserve water and save time.”
Turning around, I kiss him. “I think you just missed your other half.” I tease.
“You’re right, now that I found you, I can’t ever let you go.” He smiles. Backing me up into the water, it flows down my back as he caresses it with the body sponge.
“It’s good that you can’t let me go because I told you I would hold you to no space between us.” I pull him closer to me and under the water. I can feel his smile against my lips and I hand him the soap. “I’m all clean. I’ll meet you in the garden.” Jumping out of the shower, wrapping a towel around me, I hear him laughing.
I wait for him in the sunshine. Coming out, he’s wearing his olive cargo shorts and beige t-shirt. Looking into his glorious eyes, there is no longer a hint of anxiety as he allows himself to feel the happiness of our being together. He kisses me gently. “You look very beautiful in that sun dress.”
Running my fingertips up his arm, I smile. “My husband has very good taste in clothes.”
“He has even better taste in a wife.” He kisses me again. “Shall we go?”
Walking out to the beach, I see a small boat anchored off shore. Picking me up, Andrew carries me to the boat. The water is calm, the only waves being the ones we create. The wind crossing my face is balmy and salty but feels wonderful in contrast to the beating of the hot sun. As we arrive at the other side of the island, I see the huts that Andrew described, the straw roofs are still intact along with most of the straw walls, but some are a little sparse, probably due to the numerous tourists who come to explore this area. Andrew anchors close enough to shore so I can climb out. The water is only up to my knees and is warmer than yesterday. Walking through the huts, there are some of the old props present. The huts are in decent shape considering how many storms must have hit the island since filming was completed. When we finish exploring, Andrew sets up the picnic on the beach. The sun is high and beating upon us. Andrew moves behind me, taking off his shirt and wrapping his arms around me cooling me and shielding me from the sun as I eat.
After lunch, Andrew puts the scuba equipment on me and leads me down to the coral reef. As schools of tropical fish and anemone come into view, so does the reef. It is expansive and the water is a little cooler this far down.
 The fish swim in and out of the most unexpected places and among some very colorful and strange undergrowth. I’m glad Andrew is taking pictures. When we finally emerge, the sun is at the horizon casting multi-hued, pink facets across the darkening sky. We climb into the boat and I take the camera from Andrew to snap pictures of the sky to show William. Although our sky looks beautiful at home during sunset, I have never seen one like this.
By the time we return, the moon is high, brightening the night sky. Andrew anchors the boat at the dock and we stroll back to the estate. Entering the garden, we hear Eva and Jackson laughing. They are in the Jacuzzi and have the baby monitor. The twins must be asleep. Andrew and I creep out of the garden and go around to the front gate.
Seth lets us in. “Shall I prepare a late dinner sir?”
Andrew looks to me. “I’m not really that hungry.” He turns to Seth. “We’ll take care of it this evening, thank you.”
We walk in the kitchen and I open the refrigerator while Andrew pours the drinks. Pulling out an apple and an orange, I cut them and place them in a small bowl. Hearing Jackson and Eva enter the house, we decide to go back to our room so we can shower off the salt water. Allowing Andrew to shower first, I decide to check out some of the more interesting nighttime outfits packed. Looking at them, I chose one of the more sedate ones.
As he comes out, I slip in. Returning, I’m taken aback by the way Andrew’s face beams in the soft glow of the moonlit room. His eyes flare and his breathing quickens as I slip into bed and into his strong arms.
Running my fingertips softly across his shoulder, he smiles and brings his hand up from beside the bed. He is holding a blush rose. Moving it to my forehead, he gently glides the soft, velvety pedals down to my nose, stopping to allow my nostrils to take in their sweet fragrance. “You are so exquisite, but how did you know to wear the same color gown as the rose I picked for you.” He laughs.
My body feels as if he is igniting a slow moving forest fire within me as he softly brushes its tip down my lips, down my neck, across my shoulder and down my arm, placing it in my hand. My breathing is so erratic, I can barely speak. “The rose is perfect, thank you.”
“Not as perfect as you.” He pulls me into his strong chest. Even feeling the coolness of his soft caress through the flimsy fabric cannot quell the flames smoldering throughout my being as his kiss flames my desire.
We spend the next few days exploring the wonders that this marvelous, tropical ocean has to offer and the wondrous nights enjoying the interesting nightwear that his sisters packed for us. As wonderful as it was waking up with Andrew next to me at Sanctuary, waking up to him now after sharing our nights together with nothing to separate us is beyond words. I love being able to run my fingertips down his perfect torso without fear of causing him anxiety or having him pull away. Although when we kiss his pulling away is necessary for me to remember to breathe.
Waking early Wednesday morning, Andrew is stroking my arm, but as my eyes meet his, I notice a faraway look. Wrapping my arms around him, I kiss his chest gently. “Is everything alright?”
His eyes refocus as he lifts my chin gently with his hand. “How would you feel about my taking you to see my home?”
Although I’m not quite ready to leave and go back to our everyday existence, if he wants to return, there must be a good reason. “Did you do something to the suite again?”
He chuckles softly. “I didn’t mean our home at Sanctuary.”
I didn’t realize he had another home. “I thought Sanctuary was your home for at least a century.”
Stroking my cheek gently, his eyes become alight with excitement. “Do you remember how I told you that we had returned to Italy in search of answers to open our prisons?”
I nod. “That’s where you met Jason.”
“You do have a good memory. While we were back there, we secured the land and the home that we had lived in with our parents before the transformation. Although my father had owned it, when we left, someone had taken it over so we repurchased it from them. Eva convinced us that it would be good to try to hold on to who we were before we transformed in hopes of helping us through the more difficult times.”
“You still have that land.” I can barely contain my excitement at the thought of seeing an intricate piece of his life.
His smile grows wide. “We have maintained the land in the same condition that it was when we were there. Despite the changes and build up we could see in the area further out from our land, we have been able to maintain the beauty of the grove and farmland. We even went and purchased some of the land immediately bordering our own before it became overdeveloped so that the land around ours would retain its natural appeal. It is truly beautiful with the enormous fruit trees and a brook leading to a small forest. We even built a small house on some of the adjacent land to allow special children who want to learn about the past to stay for a few days and experience an old fashioned farm with animals.”
“Is the brook the one that you fell into when Gabriel saved you?”
His features register his surprise. “Do you forget anything or should I be calling you the new Reginald?”
Laughing, I trace his perfect lips. “I can’t even pretend that I can remember anywhere near what Reginald comprehends and remembers, but you are very important to me, the parts of your life that you share with me mean a lot.”
“So what would you say about our returning there for the next leg of our adventure?”
It would be like stepping back in time. “When do we leave?”
“In a few hours, but I have to warn you that the home there is not as grand as the one here and not as spacious or private so if you would prefer to stay in a villa near there I will understand.”
Shifting myself so I can lay my hands on his chest, I place my head on my hands. “As much as I love it here and our privacy, I can’t wait to see where you lived. I wouldn’t care if we stay in your original cabin and have to use an outhouse.” 
Embracing me tenderly, his tone turns sultry. “Then maybe we should take advantage of our last few hours of complete privacy.” That’s all he has to say for my mind to shift back to this island. When we finally rise, shower, and change, we decide to join Eva, Jackson, Nicholas and Kayla in the living room. We have a few hours before we leave for the airport, so we chat and play with the twins. “Eva, who is watching the patients while you are with us?” 
She smiles. “Catherine and Serena both have their medical licenses in psychiatry and Martina is helping. As a missionary she had to be everything to the people she treated and is an excellent listener. Although Jackson and I were married a long time ago, we really never had a chance to get away on our own for an extended period of time because of our quest and concern for what the others would do if we separated. We never really had a honeymoon.”
“Why didn’t you say something? I would have taken the twins. You shouldn’t have to be watching them for me when you haven’t had ...”
She puts her hand up. “Mia, I have had time with Jackson, we have stolen time together and Nicholas and Kayla sleep during the evening, where we do not. I can’t tell you how wonderful it is to spend time with them like a family. I know that they are your children but they are now our niece and nephew and the only children that we will be able to watch grow up. This time is for you and Andrew to spend together.”
Taking Andrew’s hand, I looked at him and he nods, knowing what I am going to say. “I have an eternity now with Andrew and I think that we can rearrange everyone’s time so that each of us has alone time and family time, especially considering that you are returning home.”
Moving toward me, she hugs me. “You really are one of a kind.”
She and Jackson take a walk on the beach while we spend time with Nicholas and Kayla.
We arrive at the Italian airport in the wee hours of the morning. Jackson and Andrew get the cars while Eva and I stay with the twins. Eva and Jackson insist upon taking the twins in their car. Driving through the streets until we reach the narrow, winding, tree lined roads cutting through the countryside, it is difficult to see past the darkness of the hour to appreciate the surroundings. The smell from the newly lit fireplaces of the farmhouses just coming in to view is wonderful. Rolling down my window, I inhale deeply allowing the cedar smell to waft up my nostrils and penetrate the car. Although the air is not as warm as the Island, it is quite pleasant in comparison to the extremely cold weather we left behind in Maine.
The car slows, letting me know that we are nearing our destination. The sky grows brighter allowing me to see the exquisite trees lining the distance as a little stone and wood cabin comes into view. A fence surrounds the property and subdivides it into sections I assume for the animals. We drive past a wooden enclave and up to a beautiful stone home surrounded by a wrap-around porch and fountain. I can hear the gravel and stones rustle beneath our wheels and the water flowing through the fountain.
As we exit the car, a young woman comes out to greet us. She is stunning with soft billowing brown hair and pale features. Her eyes are a beautiful, bright blue. She hugs Andrew. “It has been too long. How have you been?”
“I am wonderful. Did Antonio tell you that we were coming?”
“Yes and he told me that you were bringing a very special guest. Is this your beautiful bride?”
Placing his hand on my back, I can hear the joy ringing in his voice. “Angelina this is Mia.”
“It is so nice to meet you.” She hugs me tightly.
“It’s very nice to meet you.”
Andrew turns to me. “Angelina and Antonio have been running this place for us since they were married. How many years has it been now?”
“Oh, only about two hundred years, but who is counting.” She laughs.
Eva and Jackson pull up. “Excuse me a moment please.” As Eva gets out, Angelina practically hurls herself at her. “I didn’t know you were coming. I missed you, how are you doing?”
I hear Jackson. “Do I get a greeting like that?” He teases.
“Jackson” she steps around and hugs him.
Her loud voice wakes Kayla who cries. Wanting to give them time to visit, I pick up Kayla while Andrew gets Nicholas. Holding Kayla close to me, I see Angelina’s eyes widen. “Who are these lovely young creatures?”
Andrew’s answer touches and surprises me. “These beautiful young beings are our children, Nicholas and Kayla.”
The shock on Angelina’s face is unmistakable. She mumbles to herself. “That’s so rare, how?” She stops talking and moves near Nicholas, touching his hand. “Hello young man” she looks up at Andrew, “May I?”
As Andrew hands Nicholas to her, she smiles and begins talking to him. “You are a very lucky young man to have such a wonderful family.” Her eyes shift to Andrew. “How...I thought such a thing is practically impossible. How did she...” She looks at me concerned and changes the subject. “I thought you just got married.”
Andrew smiles “We did. Mia’s sister passed away.”
Angelina’s eyes turn very soft as she looks over at me. “I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t offend you.”
“You didn’t.” I smile at her hoping she knows I’m sincere.
“Why don’t you come inside, I’m sure your little ones are hungry and Antonio should be back soon, he is in the barn delivering a new calf.”
Eva moves over to me. “Would you like to come and see while Andrew and Jackson bring in the bags?”
“Sure”
We walk over to the barn. Antonio delivered the young calf and is cleaning it when we arrive. As the young calf gets milk from its mother, he comes out and hugs Eva fiercely. “I didn’t know you were coming, it has been much too long.”
“Yes it has. I see you added a new fence and a beautiful fountain since we were here last.”
“Oh you should see the new fruit trees we planted, they are so tall now and we even built a new trepido.”
Then he looks over to me. “I apologize I’m being very rude, I’m Antonio and you must be Mia.”
I put out my hand to shake his as I shift Kayla to my left side. “It is nice to meet you.”
He looks at Kayla. “Who is this lovely lady?”
“She’s my daughter, Kayla.” The look on his face mimics Angelina’s when she first met the twins. His eyes shift to Angelina and her head shakes slightly.
Kayla reaches out to him. “May I? How are you lovely lady?” He rubs her nose with his. “May I bring her over to see the animals?”
“Sure, she would love that.” Antonio and Angelina walk over to the stall filled with very young lambs and the twins touch their soft fur.
They move to a stall with a beautiful white and gray horse, touching its nose. Andrew and Jackson come in. Andrew wraps his arms around me as Jackson does the same to Eva.
I become anxious as Antonio places a carrot in Kayla’s hand and holds it up to the horse, but Andrew whispers to me that everything is fine.
After a while, the twins cry, they are probably hungry. I take Kayla as Andrew takes Nicholas. We walk back to the house to feed them while Eva and Jackson catch up with Angelina and Antonio. As he opens the refrigerator, I am surprised to see it stocked with cereal and milk for the twins since Angelina didn’t know they were coming. Andrew smiles as he catches my look. “Eva and Jackson stopped to get everything, that’s why they arrived a little after we did, they even purchased portable cribs.”
“I thought you said the house wasn’t big.” I tease looking around the large kitchen with a brick hearth stove in the center. “This is absolutely beautiful.” When the twins finish, we look around the rest of the house. On the other side of the brick stove is a fireplace warming a large living room area with oversized chairs and marble top tables. All of the wood is a deep Italian fruitwood. The bricker-brack adorning the shelves appears very old and colorful. I especially love the silver etched pictures lining the walls. The bedrooms are quaint, each with a full size bed, bureau or highboy, night stand, ornate lamps which cast soft light throughout the room and oversized windows overlooking the land or doors leading to the outside. Andrew shows me a room where the bed is pushed up against the wall to make room for the two cribs and which opens to another room that is Eva and Jackson’s. I notice another set of doors in that room. “Where do those doors lead?”
“That is our room.” He smiles and leads me down into the room. This one has a queen size bed. “Gabriel and Martina changed the bed when they came.” He smiles and winks at me. There are a set of doors leading outside and two other doors besides the adjoining door. Opening the first, I see our bags inside. The other door leads to a bathroom with a large circular spa tub in the center.
“This is quite a house.” I look at him slyly.
“Would you like to stroll down to the other house?”
Intertwining my free hand with his, my heart rate quickens. “Let’s go.”
Walking outside, Eva and Jackson are sitting on the porch talking with Antonio and Angelina. They insist on keeping the twins.
As we stroll down to the little stone cabin, Andrew shows me the expansive fields aligned with growing crops and the grazing land. When we reach the cabin with the little fence around the front, Andrew sweeps me up in his arms. “What are you doing?”
“I’m showing you our home in the proper fashion.” He laughs, crossing the path and walking across the threshold. The inside is extremely tidy. I don’t know why, but I was expecting cobwebs and dust. There is an open area with a little stone hearth that still holds a kettle. Up against the wall is an oversized wooden table and two long benches. Next to it is an old fashioned wooden cabinet with antique type pottery plates and cups. We walk across the room into the next. Rustic wooden beds align each wall of this oversized room and there is another room across from it with a small bed which I assume was his parents.
The home has a happy feel to it. Running my hand over the stone wall, my eyes veil and an image of his mother in the arms of a young gentleman with the bluest eyes I have ever seen, they almost looked like clear diamonds, flashes before me. The man must be Raphael. As fast as the image comes, it disappears, returning my sight. Andrew is staring down at me. “Are you alright?”
“Yes, why, did I do something strange?”
“I was talking to you when suddenly your hand jerked away from mine and you appeared to be reaching forward toward something.”
Taking his hands in mine, “I’m sorry. An image of your parents hugging in the corner of the room flashed before me.”
His features reveal his surprise. “I thought you could only see things in your dreams?”
“So did I, but this one just appeared. I know it was your mother because she was the same woman I saw in my hospital room.”
“Did she seem happy?” His tone reminds me of a curious, young child.
“The love and joy in their eyes was unmistakable.” His responding smile illuminates his beautiful features.
“Did you see anything else?”
I hate to disappoint him but the flash was very quick. “No, but maybe if I concentrate another image may appear. Please don’t be disappointed if it doesn’t because I’m not even sure how this one happened.”
“You could never disappoint me.”
Putting both hands on the wall, I close my eyes trying to clear my mind and concentrate on the feel of the rocks, their shape and the color. After several moments of nothing, I am about to give up but an image seems to be forming in the recesses of my mind. I try to compel closer and concentrate on making it clearer. The room appears, but is not the one before me now. The bed is covered with old fashion feather pillows and a blanket, while lanterns flicker shadows on the walls. His mother is sitting on the bed, wearing a soft white dress. Her hands caress a pronounced bump in her abdominal region. I hear Raphael from the other room calling her and she beckons him in. As he enters and his eyes gaze upon her hands, his face lights up, it’s glowing. Kneeling beside her, he places his hands upon hers, closes his eyes and I see a tear rolling down his cheek before the image dissipates.
I become aware that Andrew is wiping tears from my cheeks. “What did you see?”
“I am pretty sure I saw the day your parents realized your mother was pregnant with you.”
“How do you know?”
“I could feel the utter joy and saw your mother in a white dress sitting on the bed, she was holding her stomach and the astounded look upon her face told me that it had to be the first time she realized she was pregnant. Your father came in. He looked as if he had been farming and he came over and knelt right over here.” I move closer to the bed. “As he looked at your mother, his face absolutely glowed as he saw the bump under her clothes. He put his hands on hers and I saw a happy tear rolling down his beautiful cheek. I could feel how happy they were.” I’m stunned that not only could I see them, but I felt their joy. Looking into Andrew’s soft expression, learning of his parent’s happiness brings him a sense of comfort, maybe even peace, but then his expression changes to something unreadable. “Are you sure that they were happy about it?”
“Of course I am. I wish I could somehow show you what I saw, the look on their faces. Your mother’s face was beaming and your father’s eyes were sparkling as his face filled with joy. Why would you think that they wouldn’t be happy?”
He hesitates and then speaks as my facial features grow concerned. “If we weren’t born maybe they would have made it without all the centuries of entrapment.”
Raising my hand, I caress his cheek. “Andrew, don’t say that. They were beyond ecstatic to learn of your coming and they are happy now, you know that. The best part of them goes on now in all of you and the good people you have become, unhampered by the hold the war once had on you. Andrew, think of all of the people that you and your family have helped and will continue to help. Please tell me that you have not carried around guilt over being born.”
His silence says it all. Melancholy washes over me like a tidal wave at the thought of his carrying around this burden too. I want to get more images for him of their happiness to try and remove all traces of what he is feeling but as the adrenaline from this new experience wanes, I feel drained. I wish I could talk to Reginald to find a way to do this more efficiently but he is dealing with issues of his own. Maybe Emma can help.
Turning to Andrew, I hope what I say next will give me some time alone. “Could we stay here tonight?” He looks at me surprised, but I continue. “Could you go back to the house and get some food and blankets?”
“What are you planning?”
“I thought if we stayed some more images may appear that I can share with you.” I can see from his intense expression that he is intrigued by this thought.
“Do you want to come back to the house with me?”
“If you don’t mind, I would rather stay here. I don’t want to sever whatever connection is allowing me to get the images by leaving.”
Hugging me, “I’ll be back shortly.”
“I’ll be here.” As soon as the door closes, I pull out my phone and dial Emma.
“Hi Emma,” I hear her concern as she realizes it’s me.
“What’s wrong, why are you calling me when you’re supposed to be enjoying your honeymoon?”
“He took me to Italy and when he showed me the house that they lived in before their conversion, I got two images of his parents without having to sleep.”
“That’s wonderful, were you concentrating?”
“No, we were just looking around the cabin and they just happened.”
“Did they last long?”
“No.”
“What were the images?”
“The first one was very quick and it was just his parents hugging. The second one lasted a little longer and it was when they found out they were first expecting.”
“Were you and Andrew talking about anything in particular when it happened?”
“No, he was just showing me around. I need to know how to trigger the images.”
“Mia, what’s wrong, you sound desperate?”
“I am, when I told Andrew what I saw, from his response, I know that he feels that because of their birth, his parents suffered needlessly for centuries. You know how much guilt he carries around already. It is not fair for him to carry this around too. His parents made their decisions and their union graced this world with their children who suffered enough, I don’t want him carrying around this type of emotional baggage when there is no need. I’m hoping that if I can get something more, I can make him understand how happy they were about their children.”
“I can help you but I need to know if when you get these images you feel weak or sick and you have to be honest with me, don’t hold back because you fear I won’t help you.”
“I am feeling a little weak and tired but not sick.”
“I can help you get some more images but you need to rest between episodes and try to eat natural foods to maintain your strength. Mia, you need to understand you are new at this, the images will come and go and if you start to feel sick or vomit, you need to promise me that you will remove yourself from the cabin and stop trying to force the images then wait a day or two before trying anything else.”
“I promise if I feel sick I will stop.”
Listening intently, she instructs me on what to do to accept the energy around me and how to keep my hands on any objects which I get a feeling whether good or bad from, I look around the room to see what could help. As she continues, she tells me that negative energy is much more draining, so I decide to search for positive feelings in hopes of getting as many images as possible before becoming too weak. She also lets me know that natural items, especially personal ones are the best conductors and to stay in constant contact with the item if possible.
“Thank you so much for the information.”
“Mia, remember if you feel sick and if you have any more questions or need help call me back.” Her voice is laced with concern probably knowing I will push myself to the limits to try and give Andrew some peace in this matter.
The items in the cabin are sparse. Returning to the main room, I sit at the table, placing my hands on the surface. Closing my eyes, I try envisioning the woman and man I saw in the other room here. For the longest time, all I am getting is a pounding headache as frustration wells within me. Opening my eyes, I glance around again. Walking over to the cabinet, I gently remove one of the pottery plates and return to the table placing my fingertips on the rim. Sitting perfectly still, I cast out my anxiety and concentrate on the feel of the wood beneath one hand and the pottery under the other. I allow my mind to drift trying to imagine the farm animals I saw earlier, knowing that they would be the same type of animals back then. Something is forming in the darkness and I force myself to take a deep breath and concentrate on pulling the image toward me as I blow the air away from me. The image becomes clearer. The sun is streaming in through the window behind me. Ann is in the kitchen wearing the same white dress, crying. She is cooking something in the kettle. Raphael comes in and goes over to her, wrapping his arm around her and wiping her tears. “I promise we will come back when the children are older. No one will take this home from us. I made a deal with a local farmer, his oldest son will move here until we return. I told him that we are going to see your family about our growing family.” He smiles and touches her stomach. “Ann for now, we have to leave, they need to be born in a safer place, there is too much activity here and if we are not careful we will be detected but I promise you that we will return.”
The image shifts. They are packing these few items and Raphael carries them outside, Ann runs her fingers across the table while wiping her tears. The image quickly fades.
Keeping my eyes closed trying to call upon another image I become aware that Andrew is sitting next to me. When I open my eyes, his appear sad.
“What’s wrong?”
“The image you saw couldn’t have been real. Eva reminded me that we hadn’t come here until we were children.”
Smiling, I move my hand from the plate to his. “You returned when you were older, but they first found out they were having you when they lived here. They left before you were born because your father sensed increased activity surrounding them and did not want to get caught. He made arrangements with some farmer so that they would not lose the land. Your mother loved it here so much that your father promised they would return when it was safe.”
His eyes widen and his look is one of pure shock. “How do you know this?”
Lifting his hand, I place it on the pottery plate. “How did you know to get that?”
“While you were gone I called Emma and asked her for help.”
He takes my hands. “You look tired, you should stop.”
“No, I’m fine. I just need some fruit and a few minutes. Seeing the bags by the door, I rise knowing they will have some food. I am not prepared for the violent whirling in my head or lurching of my stomach from getting up too fast. My vision darkens and I can feel myself falling, but Andrew sweeps me into his arms before my head hits the corner of the table.
Closing my eyes trying to stop the spinning, my body feels as if it is being thrust forward as another room comes into view and a plate, similar to the one I was touching, shatters as it hits the floor. Ann grabs her stomach which is extended much further out, as she doubles over and screams for Raphael. Bursting through the door, he picks her up and carries her to the bed. They are no longer in this cabin. Raphael moves around swiftly, tearing cloths, and giving her a thick stick with a clean cloth wrapped around it to bite down upon. I could see him straining to remain calm as he instructs her to breathe and push. The image begins to fade and I become anxious. I want to see this. As my anxiety increases, the image fades quicker. I try pushing away my feelings and concentrating on Ann’s face, when it hits me, her child is holding me. He should be the best channeling agent available. Without breaking my concentration, I force my hand to touch Andrew’s face, knowing that his hands are holding me, hoping that my actions won’t cause him to speak because the image is tenable at best. I continue focusing on Ann’s face and pushing all other thoughts from my mind. As I do, the image becomes clearer, but shifts. She is holding two babies in her arms as Raphael cleans her and them. There is considerable blood, but he does not appear overly concerned. Ann is crying and kissing their heads while Raphael is wrapping them in blankets. Despite their frantic movements, I feel their unadulterated joy surrounding this event and as the image fades, I see Raphael wrapping his arms around his wife and children kissing and thanking Ann as his eyes shine with love.
Opening my eyes, Andrew’s features shift from frantic to relief and his arms go from supporting me to hugging me. “Please don’t try to call upon any more images. Do you know how worried you had me?”
“I’m sorry, I’m alright. I’m not sure that it was actually my head that was spinning and stomach lurching or if I was feeling what your mother felt when you were coming. As much as she loved you, I think your and Gabriel’s arrival made her a little sick.” I try to joke.
He moves us back over to the bench and sits down while still holding me. “Whoever’s feeling it was I don’t think that it’s good for you. If I wasn’t here, you would have split your head open hitting the table. This is not a good idea. We should go back to the house.” He strokes my face and his tone is laced with anxiety.
“Andrew I saw your birth...well sort of your birth, my mind skipped over the actual moment I went from your mother almost passing out to you and Gabriel in her and your father’s arms. They were so happy. I could never accurately describe the joy that I felt at that moment. It was beyond mere happiness or extreme joy, it was so much more, and it was everything to them. Your father delivered you. They loved you and Gabriel so much. All they wanted to do was protect you from the second you were born.”
Although I can see the relief in his eyes and a trace of a smile on his lips at this revelation, his voice is stern. “I appreciate what you are trying to do for me, but I don’t like the way it affected you, if you were alone you could have been seriously hurt, not to mention if you were some place where someone could harm you, you would be extremely vulnerable. I don’t want you risking your health and safety on issues of the past. I don’t want anything to happen to you, do you know how important you are to me? You are my future, my whole reason for going forward. I won’t risk you to resolve past issues or for anything. We need to go back to the house so you can rest. I don’t like how weak you look.”
“Wait please, you are worrying over nothing. Yes I am tired and if you weren’t here I probably would have a splitting headache right now.” I joke, but his hardened features tell me that his mood has not lifted. “I just need to sit here and eat. I knew you were with me. I could feel you and knew I was in no danger so that I could allow the image to continue. I promise you I won’t try to bring forth another image for now, but please let’s stay here tonight.”
“You didn’t call up the first one, it just came. If another one comes when you are weak like this, what if it risks your health? I don’t think that staying here is a good idea.”
“Emma told me that I would be fine as long as I didn’t feel sick and I don’t.”
“You almost passed out and I watched your stomach lurching, I think that qualifies as sick.” His tone tells me he’s digging in his heals, I need to think quickly or we’ll be back at the house before I even register his movement.
“Andrew please, I don’t think it was my sickness, I think it was hers because I feel fine now.”
He looks at me skeptically. His hand reaches into his pocket and he pulls out his phone. At least he is giving this a chance, my shoulders slump in relief. From his inquiry, he is talking to Emma. “While she is having one of these episodes is it possible for her to feel and react as the image she is seeing?...Other than weakness, is there any possible damage from her feeling this person’s feelings and reactions?...What does she need to do when she gets weak?...What happens if she feels sick?...Emma do you have any friends around here?...If you could do that, thank you.”
“So now that you have your answers, can we please stay?” I hold up my hands in supplication.
“We can stay if you promise not to try to call up any more images for now, you need to rest.”
“I promise that I won’t try to call up any images. If they come on their own, I want you to let it happen. Can we agree upon that?” I plead.
After several very long moments, his face softens and his voice sounds less anxious. “I won’t interfere unless it looks like something is happening to you that shouldn’t be.”
“That seems fair enough.”
Kissing my forehead, he shifts me off of his lap and goes over to the supplies. I carefully put back the plate. When I turn around, there’s a carton of milk, an apple, sandwich and granola bar on the table. “I know that it’s not as fancy as dinners should be, but it is nutritious.”
Moving over to him, “It’s wonderful. Thank you.” I eat while he caresses my arm. As much as his touch is driving my heart to beat wildly, I fight to calm it in order to get the food to settle in my stomach. I can feel the energy around me building trying to push another image upon me, one that I can sense will not be good. Finishing, I wrap my arms around him kissing him gently. The sky is now dark and I wonder if I can push this image off until I feel a little stronger by going outside for some fresh air. Rising, I put my trash in a little bag so we can take it back to the house tomorrow and then turn to him. “Why don’t you show me the beautiful sky that adorned your life so long ago? I imagine it looked quite lovely back then.”
Rising, he extends his hand to me. As we pass the supplies, he pulls out a blanket. Laying the blanket in the front yard, we stretch out. Looking up at the millions of sparkling diamonds which pierce through the darkening blanket of night, I lean into his strong chest as he points out the different constellations and tells me the myths associated with them. I start feeling stronger as he holds me in his arms, caressing the back of my neck with his cool lips. I only hope that feeling him close to me will keep me calm and detached as I envision the ominous images which are almost upon me and bring with them a foreshadowing feeling of darkness and desolation. Although I can hear Andrew’s voice, the stars have disappeared and I am enshrouded in darkness with the only light being a far off image slowly forming. My lids feel very heavy and I’m forced to close them. Fresh clean air fragrant with a hint of sweetness from the fruit trees, fill my nostrils. The sun pierces through the wispy clouds and beats upon my back. Andrew is traveling over the road which we drove across. As I scan the large area behind him, I catch sight of Raphael and the rest of the St. Clouds working the land. It’s strange, but I feel myself moving, kneeling down picking something as perspiration rolls down my forehead from the beating sun. This image is definitely different. It is as if I’m seeing it from a participant’s perspective. I am working as someone, but whom? I feel similar to the experience I had when I felt Andrew’s mother becoming sick as the children were coming. Is this what my visions will be like now? I force myself not to dwell on this thought. I can feel something dark coming and I need to concentrate on whose perspective I am experiencing this from. I scan the faces around me. Andrew is walking and appears happy. Raphael is plowing while Gabriel and Francis are pulling heavy roots up from the ground with turnips hanging from the bottom. Eva, Serena and Catherine are gathering fruit from the orchard next to the field. The only one I cannot see is Andrew’s mother. I must be seeing things through her perspective again.
As she works, Raphael puts down the plow and comes over to her. He whispers in her ear. “Michael is back. A decision has been made.”
Anxious butterflies flutter in her stomach as Raphael’s hand grips hers. She turns to him. “If they have decided against us, know that I love you and that this time with you has been more than I could have ever hoped for. Any price I have to pay, I will gladly do so, you have given me the greatest gift in loving me and in our children, and the best part of me and the love we share will go on. Please promise me that you will always protect our children and not fight Michael if the decision is not in our favor.”
Despair contorts his features as unbearable sadness fills his eyes. He opens his mouth, but she quickly places her index finger against his lips. “Don’t, you have to promise. I can see what you are going to say in your eyes and that is not possible if they have decided against us, so just kiss me and promise me that you will abide by their decision and protect those we love.”
He kisses her and his choked tone is resigned. “I promise.”
Walking toward the cabin, a bright angel stands before them. He smiles. Ann’s sense of elation overwhelms my senses as relief floods Raphael’s face. He falls to his knees thanking Michael.
Michael’s voice is in my ear, warning Ann. “You need to tell your children to leave this place now and you must come. I can feel what is coming. We don’t have much time.”
Racing toward the door, Ann calls to her children. Andrew runs toward her as Eva, Catherine and Serena walk toward the fence. Suddenly I am enveloped in scorching heat. Ash is spewing against my cheek as a menacing voice chills me to my core. “Did you really think that you could escape me that easily?”
Turning, I see a black silhouette surrounded by fire as panic engulfs Ann’s heart. She cannot tear her eyes from him. Staring, his eyes flash sea green and a strange sense of familiarity and security fills me, but I cannot even process it before the feeling is ripped away as he returns to only a shadowy profile whose emblazing heat slowly consumes her as talon claws tear her apart. Struggling, she manages one final scream. “Children run, I love you, run!”
Raphael screams as Ann is propelled toward the ground. I fall with her and then am propelled forward, my perspective changing to a spectator. Despite no longer feeling the tearing at my flesh, a panic ensnares me as I witness the encroaching horror to those around me. The children stare immobilized as darkness surrounds them and spirits of light rush to their sides fighting to force back the menace brought on by the encroaching midnight. The battle forms before me, shadowy creatures versus the soldiers of light, all struggling in a violent entanglement making it impossible to tell who, if anyone, is winning. Ann’s body writhes on the ground; her life force is almost eradicated as Raphael fights the blackest darkness trying to reach her. I hear the dark silhouette order “get them.”
My head whips around searching for Gabriel remembering that Jackson told me that he fell first. A creature with porcelain features and onyx eyes is upon him, tearing at him with his sharp teeth. Andrew throws himself at them, they fell toward the ground but Andrew cannot tear the creature from Gabriel’s neck. I see the panic and desperation in his eyes and hear the hysteria in his voice as he calls out to the others to run. His eyes search frantically for the others and he is met with the realization that Francis, Serena and Catherine are under attack. He spies Eva frozen with fear. I can feel the war within him over leaving Gabriel as he flings himself off of the demon towards Eva. Rushing towards her, I see the desperation in his features to save at least one of his siblings. Lifting her, he runs a few feet before Eva screams. They are overtaken by the shadows. Eva’s shrieks rip at my heart as Andrew throws himself upon her, using his body as a shield, but the effort is futile. As the darkness ascends upon them, it takes only a second for the creatures to toss him several feet, his body breaks through the fence. Fighting not to lose consciousness, he forces himself up, but as he tosses himself at the shadows, I feel the despair engulfing his heart. As they toss him once more, he is broken by the realization that he cannot save any of them. Two creatures move toward his slumped body but he is unable to move. Grabbing his arms, they drag him to his mother’s almost lifeless body, forcing him to watch as they tear away the final remnants of her existence. As the crimson light leaves her withering shell and her eyes reflect a now lifeless void, she struggles rousing the last vestige of her strength to tell Andrew “I love you,” but her words have no voice. As the darkness retreats from her, it enshrouds Andrew. I feel his heart as it takes its final beat and is ripped in two.
At that moment, Andrew’s pleading voice rings through my consciousness. “Mia, open your eyes! Stop the image before you... you need to come back! Mia, please now!” Opening my eyes, we are still outside but are no longer in the front yard. Hearing a gentle stream rushing forward, my eyes shift, we are before the brook and my face feels wet. Looking upon Andrew’s face, I see the panic leaving his eyes as relief washes over him. Bringing me tightly into his chest, I feel the remnants of his anxiety in his embrace and hear it in his tone. “Mia no more, promise me that you will stop this!”
My body feels as if it has been hit by an approaching freight train. As I lift my hands to his face, they fall back down with a thud. Tears stream down my face as the atrocity of what he endured wraps itself like a vice around my heart, constricting it. When the tears finally begin to slow, Andrew loosens his grip upon me and I can move my arms, my body still feels quite battered. Raising my hands to his face, I stroke his cheek. “I’m so sorry.” Wrapping my arms around him, I know no matter what I say, I can never express the sorrow in my heart for what he suffered, so I just hold him, staring into his eye searching for something to say to him, something that might offer him some comfort.
Before I can say another word, he speaks sternly. “Mia, I know what you saw and you need to promise me that you will stop trying to call those images up from the past. I want to move forward with our future and I need you in it.”
“How do you know what I saw?” I inquire surprised.
“You were yelling out to Michael and warning us to run. You yelled for them to get off of me and started screaming that I couldn’t die. It was not hard to figure out what you were seeing.”
Kissing his hand, “Andrew, I can’t believe what you witnessed. I don’t know what to say. I don’t know how you managed to go on after something like that touched your life and for you and your family to turn out the way you did after something like that...I...I can’t even find the words.”
“There are no words for you to find. That was another lifetime and I would much rather concentrate on this lifetime, the one that I will share with you and our family. Mia, I need to know something.”
“What”
“When we went outside, did you know that you were going to be facing that image?”
Pursing my lips together, I search for the right way to tell him. “I wasn’t completely sure but I did have a feeling in the cabin that the image coming would be fairly dark.”
“Why would you put yourself through that? We should have left, you promised that you were not going to call upon any images, you were already weak before this one.”
“I didn’t call upon the image, I swear. I went outside hoping to delay it until later, it just came. Why am I wet?”
“You were not coming out of the episode and then you began to vomit. I was hoping that by getting you away from the cabin and getting some water upon your face that you would come out of it.”
“I’m sorry that I concerned you. I feel fine now. I can’t believe what they did to you and your family, but Andrew I am glad that I saw it. I don’t know if in all of the horror you know this, but your mother’s last instruction to your father before the darkness fell upon them was to protect her children, the best part of her. Just before she left this life, she was looking at you telling you that she loved you.”
His features tell me he was unaware of this. We sit in silence until he finally speaks, but I can see that he is still distracted, maybe recalling the last moments. “I knew I saw her say something, but I never knew what it was.”
I stroke his cheek. “She loved you and so do I. After everything that you were forced to endure, I can understand so much better your need to help others and how important it is that no one be made to suffer the way you have.”
He kisses my cheek tenderly, his voice still soft. “For everything that happened to us, it also gave us the greatest gifts, it allowed, Serena to find Damian, Eva to meet up with Jackson, Gabriel to find Martina, not only once but twice and it gave me you and an eternity to love you.” He stands up, holding me in his arms. 
“I think I can walk.” I kiss his cheek before he sets me on my feet. Taking his hand, I smile as we begin walking back slowly. I’m grateful the night air is clearing my head, although my body still feels stiff and battered. As the cabin comes into view, Andrew’s arm snakes around my waist as he practically lifts me off my feet, quickening our pace toward the house. The twins must be asleep because as we ascended the stairs, the baby monitor is next to Eva. She and Jackson are sitting on the porch talking with Antonio. Staring at her, I want to go over and hug her tightly but I don’t want to interrupt them. As I reach the top step, she rises, probably seeing something in my features, and comes over to us. Throwing my arms around her, my emotions overtake me. “I’m so sorry.”
As she hugs me, I hear her ask Andrew what happened. “She saw the day that we were transformed.”
I can’t believe she is trying to comfort me. As she rubs my back, her tone becomes soft and reassuring. “It’s alright, it was a long time ago, and we are fine now.”
Withdrawing from her embrace, my eyes meet hers and they are calm, peaceful even. As Jackson comes up behind her, wrapping his arms around her, they change; they become smoldering and filled with love and desire. I realize in that moment how good sometimes does rise from the ashes of destruction and despair.
We excuse ourselves. I go to look in on the twins who are sleeping soundly and who are another reminder of how good can rise from devastation. Opening doors to our room, Andrew is sitting on the bed. He looks deep in thought. I wonder if what I experienced has caused his past to come flooding back to him. Wanting to take those images away or at least dull them, I walk into the bathroom and begin filling the tub. Reaching for some lavender crystals, I pour some in. The aroma filling the room is soft. Walking over to him, I run my fingertips up his bare arm slowly until I cross his shoulder and touch his collar. As my fingertips glide down to his buttons, his eyes flare. “You are tired. Emma told me that those episodes are very draining, you should go into the tub and soak and then I’ll get you something to eat to build your strength.”
Refusing to let him move one inch, I unfasten his buttons. “I am not hungry for food.” I smile slyly. “I will go soak in the tub, if you come with me.”
As I slip off his shirt, desire fills his eyes and he wraps his arms around me securely. “Why do you have to be so irresistible?”
Taking his hands, I back up towards the spa tub. “You just think I am because you love me.” 
“I truly do love you.” We slip into the tub. The warm swirling water is wonderful and so is he.
The next morning, I’m surprised Andrew is gone, but rise when I hear the twins with Angelina and Eva in the kitchen. Dressing quickly, I enter the kitchen where the twins are finishing breakfast. Nicholas reaches for me and I lift him from Eva’s lap. Even though her eyes are clear of sadness, I cannot help but feel anguish for the centuries of suffering that she endured. She takes Kayla from Angelina. “Why don’t we go for a little stroll, Andrew is helping Antonio secure supplies for the next group of children who will be coming after we depart.”
She leads us toward the fruit trees aligning the grove adjacent to the cabin but deftly avoids any contact with the cabin or its surrounding land. “Andrew told me from what he gathered you saw everything that happened that day.” Her tone is calm. She stops below the first of the apple trees. “Mia, I know that for you it is fresh and real but try to cast it out of your consciousness. For us, it was a different lifetime and because of the freedom which you allowed us to find, we are moving beyond that. I’m not saying that it did not shape who we have become because it did, especially Andrew, but now he wants to move forward with you and the twins. He did not bring you here to resolve issues of old ghosts, he wanted you to experience some of the beauty that we loved so much and enjoyed before our lives changed. He wanted you to see how we were able to turn the cabin back into a place of love and commitment by sharing it with children who are lost or sick and need to find comfort and peace in the simplicity of life. He was not expecting that you would be able to see what you had and he doesn’t want you to experience any more of that type of pain. He was extremely concerned about you last night when you were not coming out of the episode and he has talked to Emma. She let him know that it is not good for you to call upon any more images if you are getting sick. You need more time so that you can control coming out of such images and you are stronger.”
I can’t help but stare at her realizing how much they must have struggled to get to where they are. “It just amazes me how you and your family could strive to do this after...”
She interrupts me. “You know what life the alternative offered if we allowed the event that changed us to consume us. I am not saying that we found our way immediately; it took a lot of time and considerable division before we could find the right path home, but we eventually did. I need you to promise me that you will move beyond this event and allow Andrew to show you the beauty that this land offers and the wonderful life that we forged from moving forward. He loves you and is very concerned about you seeing what happened. He is upset with himself for putting you through what you witnessed last night and a part of him regrets taking you here because of what happened.”
“I know that this might sound strange, but I am very grateful for what I witnessed last night. Although the images were frightening and I can’t believe what you had to endure, it makes me understand him so much better and I am absolutely in awe at how wonderful he is after suffering that.”
Andrew and Jackson walk toward us. “Why don’t you give Kayla to Andrew and you and Jackson take the day to revisit some of the wonderful places you enjoyed. We’ll see you later.”
Getting up with Nicholas, Andrew takes Kayla. “Why don’t we go for a walk?” I suggest.
“How are you feeling?” His tone sounds concerned.
“I feel much better and want you to know how amazing I think you are. Andrew, I know that you are upset because of what I saw, but I am very grateful that I witnessed those images. They make me all the more grateful for the person who stands before me, the person that you are. I know that you told me about that night but witnessing the devastation and realizing what could have been lost only makes me love you more and makes me understand more about you. I am very thankful that you took me here. I promise that I won’t upset you by holding on to the images. I want you to understand that it in no way has made me upset that we came here, it makes me all the more grateful for my gift and the ability to understand you better. I feel even closer to you and I didn’t think that was possible, so please stop worrying. I know you want to show me your home before you changed. Could you show me where you hunted as a child and if any of it remains, where the marketplace is located?”
Stopping and turning toward him, I move my free hand up to his perfect cheek. “I always knew that you were special, but I am just coming to realize how amazing you really are. I love you all the more for it. How far away is that marketplace area anyway and what is it now?”
He laughs and kisses me softly. “It is a lovely hotel with a piazza in the center. If you feel like walking a few miles, we could probably be there by four and have an early dinner.” I know I’m slower than he is, but it will not take me several hours to walk only a few miles. Looking down at my watch, I am shocked that it is two-thirty. The twins did not just finish breakfast. I hear him stifling a giggle. He must realize that I thought it was morning.
“Why did you let me sleep so late?”
His smile is blinding. “I wanted you to recover and knew that your distraction for me last night probably left you even more exhausted and worn.”
We both laugh. “Well at least the distraction looks as though it worked. I tease as I draw his free hand close to my lips, kissing it.”
Holding my free hand, he leads us to a small tree lined road. When we arrive at the hotel, the town is buzzing. People are eating at the outside cafes and the atmosphere is charged with positive energy.
We sit next to a beautiful fountain. The twins’ faces register their amazement at the flowing water as they reach out to touch it despite our distance. I didn’t even realize Andrew was carrying two empty bottles in a small pouch with him. He speaks in perfect Italian to the waitress who takes our order. She returns with milk in the bottles, cereal and a cut up apple for the twins, a glass of red wine for Andrew, rose for me and a dish of spinach lasagna.
When we finish, Andrew shows me around, telling me where they used to set up the carts and stands. It is lovely how the antiquity of the older houses blend with the newer hotels and restaurants. We walk down a very narrow road lined with older buildings. At the end, there is an ancient church. I am shocked as Andrew opens the door. He smiles. “It’s a historical landmark preserved for tourists.”
I notice he puts money in the box that reads ‘All are welcome - Donations to maintain this historical church are greatly appreciated.’ Walking in, I smell the antiquity. The statues are amazing. The cracks from time give them such character. I wish I had my camera with me, William would have loved these. Remembering my telephone has a camera I pull it out and begin clicking. Andrew laughs as Kayla keeps trying to reach for it. Coming over, probably knowing why I am clicking from so many angles, he takes Kayla.
Moving toward the last statue near the alter I trip on the step. As my hand touches its feet, an image overshadows my consciousness. Andrew’s mother is in this church, kneeling before the statue crying at its feet. I smell burning or ash and there seems to be smoke rising from her back. As she lifts her anguished face, tears flow down her cheeks. I can hear her begging. “I turned my back on your love during my darkest hour and I deserve to suffer, but he doesn’t. He is one of yours and has done nothing wrong other than show pity and love to one of your lesser creatures. My children have done nothing to deserve the fate I fear is coming for them. I know that he can feel me now because I can feel him, but I beg you to show your unending mercy upon your children, my children. When he comes for me, please spare them. If you should side against Raphael’s request, please spare him for loving me and forgive him for this and anything that he may say in his desperation to save me. I know that I do not deserve to be saved, but he and my children do not deserve to suffer because of me. Please help them and do with me what you will.” Her head drops back down.
Raphael enters. Running over to her, he lifts her quickly. “You shouldn’t be in here, why would you suffer like this. I need you strong, Michael will plead our case.” He runs outside and lays her on the ground. Picking up a bucket, he runs over to the well, fills it and pours the water over her. Mist rises from her body as if he is putting out a fire. I gasp realizing what I saw happening to her in the church.
My eyes meet Andrew’s concerned gaze. “Mia, when your image began could you have pulled yourself out of it?”
I think for a moment. “I’m not sure. I have never tried to pull myself out of an image as it begins, but I guess that it would be possible why do you ask?”
“After what happened to you last night and the warning Emma gave you, why would you allow it to continue?” His tone is harsher than I have ever heard it.
“Andrew, I am perfectly fine and the image was not disturbing at all.”
Despite my reassurance, I can see his anxiety. “I thought we talked about this. I don’t want you risking yourself. I would not have taken you here if I knew that I could be affecting your health.”
“You’re not, I am perfectly fine.” I stand up, but my gait is unsteady. Andrew maneuvers himself and the twins between me and the statute probably fearing I will fall and hit my head.
“Sit down with me.” He sinks to the floor guiding me down. Holding my wrist, he takes my pulse. “Your heart rate is erratic, what did you see?”
“I saw your mother in the church.”
He interrupts me. “You couldn’t have, demons can’t enter churches.”
I shake my head. “You’re wrong, they can but it looks as though if they do they suffer greatly. Your mother didn’t care. She was waiting to hear from your father as to whether Michael would plead their case. While he was away, she came here. She came to beg for her children and your father, she didn’t care what happened to her as long as you were not made to suffer and were protected. Andrew, she suspected the darkness was coming to claim her and all she wanted was for her family to be safe.”
Andrew’s features turn soft as he strokes my cheek. “Mia, I know that you didn’t call the image forward and that you are allowing them to flow through you in hopes or helping me, but you already have. Can’t you see that? Please, from here on out when they come, pull yourself out of them. I don’t want you weak or getting sick, Emma told me that it is not good for you if you allow the images once you have gotten sick and last night you were pretty bad off so please, no more, let’s just concentrate on the here and now.” His tone is pleading. Bringing his lips to mine, he kisses me gently.
 Emma must have revealed my desperation to help relieve his guilt after he told her what happened. I want to remove the concern from his eyes. “I promise that unless I really think it is important, I will try to pull myself out of it if it hasn’t been a few days and I haven’t had a chance to recuperate. Emma said that’s all I would need.”
He kisses me again gently. “You are incorrigible. I have never heard anyone hedge so much while trying to sound as if they are promising something.”
Smiling at him, I need to make him understand that it isn’t just about him and he shouldn’t feel guilty. “I am not just doing this for you. This is very new to me and it is quite fascinating.”
“I can understand that but after everything that you have gone through, I am worried.”
“I understand and I won’t give you any reason to regret taking me. I love it here and being with you. I want this to be a memory that we will hold forever, a good memory that we can call upon when things are not going right. So what would you say about our going back to the house and working on a very pleasant memory? I believe there is a midnight lace negligee with my name on it.” I try to make my voice sultry as I run my finger underneath his beige polo and across his torso.
His hands cup my face. “I believe you are trying to distract me again.”
“Only if it is working” I smile.
Kissing me so passionately that my heart breaks into a sprint, he gently backs away and rises. “Let me run to the hotel and secure a taxi to the house, I’ll be right back.”
“We can walk back.” I start to rise.
“No, wait here with the twins. I’ll only be a moment.”
We are back at the house shortly. The twins fell asleep on the quick ride back so we change them and put them to bed.
Andrew goes to our room while I get a glass of milk before showering and changing. When I step out in the negligee, his eyes flare in such a way causing me to blush. As I slip into bed next to him, his arms are immediately around me and his cool lips are at my ear. “You are just too beautiful. Thank you for wearing this for me even it if is only to distract me.” He draws his lips across my shoulder slowly, causing me to shiver with desire before I run my fingers across his torso. That is all it takes for there to be an end to all future discussions for the evening.
Waking, the sky is still gray. Andrew is lying beside me. Looking at him, I’m surprised. I thought he didn’t sleep but his eyes are closed and he appears still. His glorious features are relaxed, peaceful. Every muscle on his perfect body looks at rest. Although he doesn’t need to sleep, I wonder if he can. As I contemplate this, a smile plays on his sculpted lips. “I’m not asleep, I was just relaxing.” He murmurs, opening his eyes. “You seem surprised” I can tell he is amused.
“I’ve never seen your eyes closed in bed before.”
“You’re not the only one who can see images. I was allowing the images of my beautiful wife to flow through my thoughts.” He says playfully. Shifting himself, his cool lips caress my neck and move slowly across my shoulder igniting the sparks within me, emblazing my blood, and effectively ending any further inquiry I may have regarding his ability to sleep.
When we finally get out of bed Eva and Jackson are feeding the twins in the kitchen. Jackson turns to Andrew with a huge smirk. “You two act as if you are on your honeymoon or something. I thought that Eva and I would have to take the twins to Venice ourselves.”
I turn to Andrew. “We’re going to Venice?”
He smiles widely. Taking my hands in his, he kisses them softly. “I thought we could take a gondola ride. If you would prefer not to, we can always work the fields with the group of children that are coming.” He teases.
“When are we leaving?”
“I told Antonio we would stay around until the children came. One of them has a heart defect and is the only child of a young widow. He is hoping that I may be able to give them some additional time. So we will leave in a few hours. In the meantime, what would you like to do?”
Knowing I will have to wait until he is with Antonio before I can do what I really want to do, I make a suggestion which I know will make him smile. “Why don’t we go and help them feed the animals and this will allow the twins a chance to pet the lambs again.”
Jackson kneels by Eva smiling. “What would you say to our acting like honeymooners for a little while?” He suggests kissing her on the hand and running his lips up her bare arm.
She giggles and turns to me. “You may be a good person, but you are a very bad influence on him.” She rises and follows him down the hall.
After feeding the animals, we return to give the twins a nap before departing. Andrew excuses himself to return to the barn so he can meet the arriving children and I ask Angelina if she could listen for the twins while I take one more stroll around the grounds.
Thanking her, I walk outside but notice she is staring at me through the kitchen window. Heading toward the trees, I wait until she returns to her chores before turning to the cabin. Although I’m not sure if I’m strong enough to make this work, I want to try. Opening the door I walk through the first room and enter the little bedroom. Running my hands over the walls and then over the bed, I try to envision the love that filled this house.
Taking the small candle I found at the house out of my pocket, I sit on the floor with my back against the antique bed. Lighting the candle, I focus on the flame chanting the words that Emma told me to say. It seems like an eternity, but maybe it’s just my nerves about getting caught here before the flame flares. Once it does, I stop chanting and instead speak softly into it. “I want to thank you for the wonderful young man that emerged from your love and now graces my life. I promise to love him always and to do my best to take away his guilt and doubts and replace those sentiments with feelings of love so that he will feel protected and cared for just as you had hoped. I know how much you worried about him seeing everything that he saw, but I want you to know that I will always cherish him. He is unique and wonderful in every way and I will do my best to make him happy.” Blowing out the flame, I lift the candle and am about to rise when I notice a set of shoes walking toward me. Looking up, I fear he will be upset but his glorious eyes are filled with understanding.
Sitting down beside me, he strokes my knuckles with his thumb. “What are you doing?”
“I’m trying to release a message in hopes that your parents will receive it. Emma said it is possible for them to receive my message even though they are in neutral territory and cannot come to you.
He moves his hand up to my cheek, caressing it. “Thank you for sending them that beautiful message.”
“How long have you been here?”
“Since shortly after you ducked out of the trees when you thought Angelina wasn’t looking. She called me to say you were headed here. I became concerned and in truth a little upset. After I met with the child, I rushed down here.”
“I’m sorry that I worried you but I knew how much your mother was concerned about you and how your siblings still worry about the amount of guilt you carry around so I thought that I would send your parents a message that you have someone who will love you forever and try to ensure that you are happy.”
“You do make me happy and the love I feel when you are with me fills me up and takes over every other sense.” He kisses me tenderly and rises. “Shall we go?”
Getting up, we walk back to the house and say our good-byes before leaving.
We drive along beautiful tree lined roads until the sky becomes dark, lit only by a beautiful full moon and thousands of shimmering stars. The car finally stops before the doors of a wonderful villa. After settling the twins for the night, Andrew suggests that we go for a stroll which leads to a romantic gondola ride. The channel is alight with soft shimmers from homes aligning the waterway. Tourists crowd the local cafes, enjoying this delightful evening. As we watch this wondrous city unfold, Andrew wraps his loving arms around me sending my already erratic heart straight into the stratosphere. Kissing my neck, I feel a smile forming on his lips before he whispers in my ear. “So are you pleasantly surprised?”
I shift, wrapping my arms around him. “This trip is beyond anything I could have imagined but then again, I shouldn’t be surprised because the gift of your love and having you in my life is more than I ever thought possible.”
The remainder of our trip is heavenly. We spend our days exploring the wonders of this ancient city. As I allow Andrew to see it through fresh eyes, his engaging voice enhances the stories which I read on the plaques. On occasion, I surprise him with a historical account of my own thanks to a vision or two. To my relief, he is not as anxious about these and they don’t feel as draining.
The beautiful days and passionate nights overwhelm my senses and fill my thoughts with amazing memories that I know we will carry throughout our eternity.
After another amazing week, we board a plane for home. As unbelievable as this was, I am ready to go home. I hope that our getting settled in a routine will help take away the fatigue which I find myself fighting against.
As the plane begins its assent, Andrew takes my hand, kissing it tenderly. “Will you miss our little piece of paradise?” He inquires softly.
Looking into his glorious sapphire eyes, I kiss him gently. “As beautiful as this was, my paradise is anywhere you are.” I stroke his hand as we head for home.
When we arrive at Sanctuary everything is running smoothly. Jason and Rachel left this morning to return to the farm for a while so that Rachel can take her teaching exams and then they are heading to Rome so that Jason can assist in setting up a better system at the hospital.
Everyone in the psychiatric building assisted Daniela and Sam with adjusting to a routine. Teri, Stephanie and Daniela even talked Gabriel into securing a basketball hoop.
Andrew and I settle in to our suite. While we were gone, they moved his clothes in so that Ryan could settle into his room. The twins even seem happy to be home. They are hoisting themselves up and someone usually grabs their fingers helping them to walk.
Thanks to the extra hands and additional involvement of the family in patient care, we are able to work out a wonderful schedule assuring we are with the twins in the morning and evening. It is so nice to have so many wonderful people who love being with them during the day and whom they loved being with. Despite the wonderful schedule, I can’t shake the fatigued feeling which followed me home from our honeymoon. Wondering if I ate too heavily on our trip, I take advantage of the recreation room after the twins go to sleep in hopes of increasing my metabolism. The more I do this however, the less it helps. My fatigue refuses to wane and the smells of Gabriel’s delicious food wafting through the buildings at meal times are beginning to make me queasy.
As Andrew takes notice of the dark circles forming under my eyes, he expends great restraint as I try to distract him at night to ensure I instead go to sleep.
Knowing I am getting enough rest, exercising and eating lighter, I can’t understand why my fatigue and queasiness seems to be getting worse and am becoming concerned that something else is going on with me, maybe I am experiencing some residual effects from my transformation.
Swimming one evening, I try to decipher when the fatigue feeling first became noticeable. I realize that my symptoms did not start after my transformation, but after the visions that I witnessed in the cabin. What if these feelings are arising from some residual feelings that remained with me from seeing such atrocities? Before I can contemplate this any further, my stomach lurches and head spins. Forcing myself to the side of the pool, I crawl out reaching a bucket just in time. Not wanting to worry Andrew without getting more facts, I call Emma hoping she can enlighten me as to whether residual effects from seeing their transformation could cause this.
Sitting at the table, I wrap myself in a towel and allow my head to drop into my hands after dialing her in hopes that the spinning will stop. I explain what’s going on and her lack of immediate response really has me worried.
Finally, her soft voice comes through the phone. “The images, even the ones that you experienced would not leave such a long lasting effect. You removed yourself from the channeling agent several weeks ago, that cannot be the cause. Have you been trying to use your power to call upon images lately?”
“No, in fact the schedule that we have established has been quite quiet.”
“Give me a few moments and I will get right back to you. Is Andrew with you?”
“No, he is with the twins. I have been trying to exercise at night in order to raise my tolerance and metabolism.”
I wait several minutes before the telephone rings. Emma’s voice sounds much different from the concerned tone that it had when we first spoke, she sounds excited. “Mia have you and Andrew been using protection since your wedding?”
“Why would we do that considering ...”
Before I even finish I hear her elated voice telling Victor that he is right.
“He is right about what? Do you know what’s causing this feeling?”
“When was your last period?”
“I’m not sure, I wasn’t expecting it anymore since the spell, essentially froze my aging.” But as I say this, I remember getting it after the transformation. Before I can say anything else, she laughs.
“That wouldn’t stop. Mia, we think that you’re pregnant.”
“I’m what! I can’t be considering …!” My voice reflects my disbelief. I can’t even complete my sentence.
“Mia, where are you now?”
“I’m in the recreation building, why?”
“Call Andrew and tell him to meet you in the terminal building, I’m sure that they can run the test there and take an ultrasound, then call me back confirming the good news.”
I can’t even respond to her as what she is telling me actually registers on some conscious level. I’m frozen. I hear her calling my name but have no voice to answer her. I hear a click and then Andrew is with me but I’m paralyzed, unable to even lift my head.
On some level, I register that he is kneeling beside me. He reaches for my phone and removes it from my ear. Taking both of my hands, he kisses them gently. Normally this act would send my heart and pulse racing erratically but I am so stunned at the possibility that my heart does not even register his presence. After several long moments, my frozen mind begins to thaw and my eyes shift to his glorious eyes which are filled with wonder. I’m not sure how long we stare at each other, both of our features I’m sure mimicking the other’s complete surprise.
Finally, he lifts me and heads into the locker room. Drying me off and dressing me, he carries me to the terminal building. We sit silently waiting for the results. Tears of joy flow down my face. As my eyes shift from the results to his glorious face, his eyes are sparkling as he lifts me off the ground embracing me tightly. His voice is choked with emotion. “Thank you for this other miracle.”
I finally find my voice. “Andrew is this really possible? I am almost too afraid to consider the possibility remembering the look on Angelina’s face when she met Nicholas and Kayla and how she murmured that it is virtually impossible.”
He puts me back on my feet. “I know that there have been stories and the woman in Brazil but before then I never really believed it. I always thought they were just stories to cover up affairs. Why don’t we try to take an ultrasound and see what that tells us?” He pauses a moment, looking deep in thought. “Since you would still be in the early stages, would you mind if I got Jackson down here to help with the equipment? I’m sure that he will remember how to enhance the picture and sound.”
He’ll probably think that we are both crazy. Yet considering everything that has happened this past year, maybe nothing is really impossible. “Call him. I want to be sure.”
He calls and asks him to meet us down at the terminal building to help run an important test but doesn’t say anything more. As we wait, he strokes my arm. “I know you have been feeling tired but what made you call Emma?”
I hope the next thing I tell him won’t upset him. “I was thinking about when I first started feeling this way and then I began wondering if the images I saw at the cabin could have left any residual feeling.”
His features turn concerned. “What else have you been feeling and why didn’t you tell me?”
“I was just feeling tired but then I noticed that certain smells are making my stomach queasy and tonight I began throwing up so I called her.”
His hands cup my face. “You have to promise me that whenever you feel anything you will tell me. I love you. We agreed no secrets. From now on, you need to tell me these things.”
“Andrew I didn’t tell you because I figured I was just tired or that I had eaten too many rich foods while we were away. I hoped exercising and change in diet would eventually help. It was only tonight that I really began to consider that it may have been the images because that is when I started feeling fatigued.”
His eyes soften and he kisses me tenderly. “I’m sorry if I sounded angry. It’s just that you are so important to me I just don’t want anything bad to happen to you. Although I never expected that you’re feeling badly could lead to something this wonderful.”
As Jackson enters, his face registers his confusion. “Who is feeling bad and why would that ever be wonderful.” Eva follows him in the room.
Unsure of what to say, I look to Andrew. “Jackson we need you to enhance an ultrasound image for us and increase the audio if at all possible.”
He still looks confused. “I thought that you said this was an emergency. Where is the patient?”
“Mia’s the patient.”
Eva and Jackson’s faces turn grave. Eva’s concerned voice rings off the walls. “What’s wrong?”
Andrew smiles, “She may be pregnant.”
They freeze. We stare at each other silently for several minutes until Eva whispers. “Is it really possible? I know the claim in Brazil, but did anyone really know if it was true and the child belonged to him?”
“We were only concerned about destroying him. We never really investigated the child.”
Jackson interjects. “Why don’t we get the equipment up and running and answer this question, it is much more important and relevant.”
Andrew and Jackson tinker with the equipment while Eva and I watch. Finally, Andrew tells me to lie down.
Andrew’s hand is shaking as he places the monitor on my abdomen. Eva steps beside him taking it from him. “Why don’t you hold Mia’s hand and look at the screen while I operate this?”
He hands her the wand and takes my hand as Jackson continues to manipulate the equipment for a better image and then turns on the sound. There is definitely an image but even with the enhanced sound, there is only a faint swishing echo. We all stare at the image stunned for what seemed like hours. When they finally shut off the machines, Jackson and Eva hug us. “We’ll give you some time to take in your wonderful news.” Eva states before they depart. Jackson turns around at the door before Eva pulls him away. “It looks like I’ll have four people to teach to drive now. Congratulations you two, we’ll see you shortly.” He winks at me.
Sitting up, I stroke Andrew’s glorious cheek and look into his wondrous eyes. “I always knew that you were wrong about yourself and that you are truly my celestial gift. Thank you for sharing yourself with me and giving me even more of you to love.” My voice cracks with emotion.
Lifting me off the bed, he holds me tight to his chest. “Mia, you are the one who is amazing. When you entered my world, I never imagined that I could be worthy of anyone’s love, yet you dared to love me despite finding out what I am and then graced my life with not only your heart but the hearts of Nicholas and Kayla. You filled my empty existence and took away the hopelessness and loss which I held on to for so long. You showed me that holding on to goodness and light brings miracles, it brought me you. Your love and commitment to me is more than I ever dared to hope for, yet you continue to love me and share with me another piece of yourself in our twins. I love you so much, thank you for giving me more than I ever thought imaginable. I know that in them we will watch the best part of our love go on and see our miracle continue. I love you.
As I look in his glorious and joy filled eyes, I know that we are embarking on a new and more joyful chapter in our forever.

Synopsis Secrets Of Sanctuary Hospital Night Of The Hidden Shadows

After Reginald returns with strong friends to thwart the demons that lie in wait to claim Mia and Andrew’s twins at their birth, Mia and Andrew enjoy more than ten years of peace and tranquility raising their children. Sanctuary transforms from a mere hospital, protecting a few, to a budding community of supernatural friends with new homes and even a school which allows the children to dissect not only real world problems, but delve into the surreal that surrounds them.
Making extraordinary strides in research, Mia’s father develops a model synthetic heart which saves the life of a British dignitary’s son who invites them all to attend a ceremony in his honor. The timing could not be more perfect. Lucas’ friend is seeking help in setting up an English hospital wing which he is to head. After attending her father’s ceremony, Mia and Andrew plan on joining Lucas and Catherine for a few weeks to assist Jamison.
While there an ancient enemy rises and casts Mia, Andrew, and the family into a deadly game of cat and mouse in a desperate attempt to save the children. As Nicholas, Kayla, Jacob, and Nicole fight to survive amongst those that Mia and Andrew always hoped to shield them from, untapped powers emerge, strength unfolds, unexpected friendships form, and new enemies materialize. Fighting this new threat unearths Eva’s secret sacrifice causing Mia to choose a path she knows will tear her from Andrew and her children, end her life, and finally give the awaiting arms of darkness the opportunity to claim the soul it hungers to consume.

