Seduced by the Stowaway




Ann Mikal





Heart’s Treasure 
Book 1


Marisa Villeneuve is facing what is probably her greatest life challenge: an impending forced marriage orchestrated by her stepfather who wants to make money from the match.  But Marisa is nothing if not determined, independent and feisty.  Rather than giving in to her stepfather’s demand, she runs away from home and boards a ship on route to the faraway colonies in the Americas – as a stowaway!  But it is here, aboard the ship, that she finds that she must make the most important decision of her life – a decision that could affect her for the rest of her life.

Byron Treasure is captain of a merchant ship heading for a British colony in the west, a voyage which he has taken so many times he’s stopped counting.  This time, though, things are different.  Halfway along the journey his world is tossed into a tornado when he finds a stowaway aboard his ship.  But that’s not the most shocking part.  What the blue blazes do you do when the stowaway you find on your ship is not the lad you thought he was, but a girl?  And, for her safety, a girl you must keep in your own cabin?


Seduced by the Stowaway 

Prologue


September 18, 1812

Can I die, too?  Please?
The child stared forlornly through the dusty windowpanes, watching the raindrops running down to form puddles on the windowsill.  
The rain brought back memories of a stormy night when she had curled up tightly in bed, frightened of the howling wind and the sound of the leaves of the old oak tree thrashing against the window.  She had lain in the dark, trembling, afraid to move, until a warm voice called her name and a gentle hand began to smooth the damp curls on her forehead.  It was Papa who had come to her in the darkness, to comfort her and calm her fears.  Dear, sweet Papa.  How she missed his strong arms about her, his bellowing laugh and his deep, mellow voice as he sang songs of adventure and of the sea.  Now, he was gone, resting in the depths of the ocean he had loved so much.
"Why, God?  Why did he have to die and leave me all alone?"  
Her heart cried its anguish, silently and painfully, to the raindrops.
"Stop daydreaming, Marisa!  Get away from that window at once."  The strident voice of the governess rang out, startling her from her daze.  "Bring your slate to me.  Let me see how much work you did while I was away."
Slowly, as if to the gallows, Marisa approached Miss Fyne, slate in hand, head bowed.  At twelve years old, she knew she was too young and too easily intimidated for Eliza Fyne to consider her a challenge to her authority.  She was the recently arrived orphan and new ward of Sir Henry Thompson and the governess took full advantage of the situation, taking out her obvious frustration on Marisa.
"What?  Is this all?  You have wasted the entire hour I gave you to complete the arithmetic."  The woman slammed the slate down.  "You ungrateful child. Do you think your uncle brought you here to waste time and play the fool?  Come here to me."
She grabbed Marisa by the arm, dragged her over to the narrow bench and shoved her down.
"No supper for you until you have finished all your work, Missy."  Miss Fyne glared at her, disdain plain on her thin, pinched face.  "And do something about that tangled mess of hair.  You're not fit to sit at Sir Henry's table."
With that, the woman whirled away and marched out of the room, leaving Marisa to hang her head dejectedly, a single tear sliding, unchecked, down her cheek.
But, as she sat in the cold, bare room, her father's words came back to her.  "Be afraid of no man, Marisa.  Rely only on yourself and you will be strong."
They were words she would never forget.


CHAPTER ONE

June 19, 1818

The sky was bleak and hazy, but the heat of the sun still weighed heavily on the shoulders of the dockworkers. Sweat ran freely as they bent and lifted heavy, wooden trunks and large kegs of wine onto their backs and headed toward the longboats which would take the goods to the ships.  Merchant ships frequented the port of Liverpool, but this day was particularly busy as four traders were being loaded for the journey to the colonies.  
A longboat headed out to the largest ship anchored in the water.  "Heave ho, mates!"  Ropes creaked as a massive trunk from the longboat was hoisted into the air.  Three hefty seamen pulled on ropes up above, to gently guide the trunk down onto the deck. Suddenly, one of the ropes slipped off the trunk, sending it crashing down onto the wooden deck below with a deafening sound.  A bone-chilling scream rent the air.  A man's leg was trapped under the heavy trunk, bones most likely crushed by its massive weight.
"Oh, my God!  Jacko!"  There was utter pandemonium as men jumped over cases and barrels to rush to the aid of the injured man.  A dark-haired giant immediately took charge of the situation, barking orders at the frantic crew.
"Johnson, Dobbs, Jarvis!  Grab hold of this end.  Jack, slide this bar under here."  The man pressed his muscular shoulder against the trunk, pushing against it with all his might.
"Heave, men, heave!"
As the trunk was painfully raised, a thickset seaman grasped the injured man under his arms and pulled.  Amidst his anguished screams, the suffering sailor was pulled from under the enormous weight of the trunk.  His right leg was twisted at a queer angle and a piece of bone protruded from it.
Marisa, who had been hiding behind a barrel of fish in brine, watched in horror as the now unconscious man was lifted, slowly and gingerly, over the side of the ship and into a boat below.  Then, the seamen quickly set off back to the shore.
Confusion reigned on board.  Many of Jacko’s companions still seemed to be in a state of shock.  Others sought to mask their distress in activity, rushing around, clearing space for more cargo.
In the bustle and chaos on deck, Marisa could only hope that no one noticed her slight, ragged figure crouching in the shadows of a huge trunk.  As soon as she saw her chance, she slipped out then crept stealthily down a narrow ladder to the dark hull below.  In the pitch-black bowels of the trader, Marisa fumbled her way further into the depths, bumping into kegs of water and tripping over a pile of what seemed to be ropes and sailcloth.  She felt her way along the inner walls of the vessel, moving slowly until she felt she had gone far enough.  She was standing on a pile of woolen material that felt thick and rough.  Here, she stooped, pulling the end of one of the cloths around her thin shoulders.  After the ordeal of getting on board, she was exhausted.  Leaning back against the wall, she gingerly pulled off her heavy borrowed boots and gently rubbed her aching feet.
Life had been unkind since Marisa moved into the home of Sir Henry Thompson, her only living relative and guardian.  By the time she was sixteen, despite her unhappy life, she had blossomed into a woman who many a hopeful swain had sought to court.  However, Sir Henry had other plans.  
Early one spring morning, soon after her seventeenth birthday, she’d been summoned to his study.  She’d walked hesitantly down the long corridor to the previously forbidden room, her heart tight with trepidation as she wondered what transgression would bring her another beating.  Even though she always tried her best not to annoy him, it seemed that nothing she did could avert the sting of her uncle’s quick temper.  
That day, when Marisa reached the heavy oak door, she paused as long as she dared, then she drew in a fortifying breath and knocked.
"Come."  
Upon hearing the summons, she slowly pushed the door open and entered the room with bowed head and downcast eyes.
"Come, child."  Sir Henry said, his tone impatient.  "We do not have all day.  Come over here so that Squire Jeffery may have a good look at you."
Marisa's heart did a double-take. Squire Jeffery.  Could her uncle really be thinking of offering her to this monster of whom she’d heard, who beat his servants without mercy?  She knew what her uncle's plan was.  He wanted to marry her off to the highest bidder. She now realized that Squire Jeffrey was the one he had chosen.  But how could she be wife to a man like that?  More than once, she had heard Sir Henry's own servants speak in strained whispers of the cruelty of this man, one of the wealthiest in Werthshire.  Now, she stood trembling in fear of marriage to this man she had grown to despise, if only from a distance.
Standing in front of the stranger, Marisa slowly raised her head.  Her heart leapt in surprise.  Before her stood a tall, dark-haired man of some forty years or so, with steel-gray eyes and bushy sideburns.  He wore his embroidered waistcoat and breeches proudly, his bearing denoting haughty disdain.  From his waist hung a seal and gold fob, and on his left hand he wore two gold rings.  He held his tall hat with hands with well-manicured fingernails, but his ivory cane had been placed to lean against the mahogany desk.  Overall, he presented an intimidating picture of wealth and confidence.  As she stared at the man before her, she thought that he was certainly not what she had expected.
"Jeffrey, my good man, this is the girl of whom I have been speaking.  As you can see, she is strong, healthy and, importantly, well pleasing to the eye."
Sir Henry reached out to grip Marisa's arm and pull her forward.  "She is not only beautiful.  She cooks and sews as well.  She is sure to make a good wife."
"Certainly a pretty package."  Squire Jeffrey looked Marisa up and down, taking obvious pleasure in watching her turn pink with embarrassment.  "What is your name, girl?"
"I am Marisa Villeneuve."  She raised her head and spoke her name proudly. 
"Address Squire Jeffrey as 'sir'.  You chit of a girl, take care that you mind your manners."
“Villeneuve?  Unusual name for an English girl."  Squire Jeffrey looked curious.
Before she could reply, her uncle provided the explanation.  "Not so strange when you consider that she had a Frenchman for a father.  Sea captain, he was.  Died at sea when she was a mere twelve years old."  He turned and glared at her then he said, "Of course, I was stuck with the responsibility of raising the girl, seeing that she was my half-sister’s child."
"But why did her mother not see to her care?"
"Died in childbirth.  The chit was raised by the captain and an old nursemaid who’s been dead some five years now.  A handful this girl has been, I tell you.  You have to rule with a strong hand with this one, else she's likely to get the better of you."  Then, seeming afraid he may be discouraging the suitor, he added, "Not that she can't make a good wife, mind you.  With training and firm guidance, she will be perfect for you."
Marisa frowned.  She hated having them speaking about her as if she were absent.  Even more disturbing, she now fully understood the reason she’d been summoned to the study.  She was almost eighteen so she’d been expecting this.  But now?  And to this man?  She needed time to ponder her situation in solitude.  Marriage to a man she barely knew.  It would be a drastic change in her life, and she needed time to think.
“May I go now?”  Marisa's voice, clear and ice-cold, broke into the discussion-taking place before her.  
Sir Henry stopped abruptly and both men turned to look at her in seeming surprise.  "How dare you interrupt?"  Her uncle was clearly enraged.  "How insolent of you, you ungrateful girl, to display such poor manners in front of an important guest. Do you not know that we are deciding your future?  You have a chance to become the wife of an important man and you dare to take it lightly?  If you know what's good for you, you will be quiet and let Squire Jeffrey and me speak without your interruption." 
Despite Sir Henry's threat, Marisa knew that the possibility of him simply letting her leave did not exist.  She was a great opportunity for him to make money.  She knew that was why he had allowed her to stay in his home until she was old enough to marry off to some wealthy bachelor.  He had told her this numerous times as she grew up.  He had not taken her in, out of charity, but because he could barter her beauty and use it to gain greater wealth and more connections with influential persons in high society.
Squire Jeffrey’s eyes grew steel-cold as he looked at her standing there, defiant.  Then, he smiled slyly and spoke softly.  "Oh, I wouldn't worry too much about her, if I were you.  I have ways of keeping people under control."  The underlying threat was evident.  "Marisa will stay until we are through with her, and she will obey our orders.  She is a sensible girl.  Aren't you, Marisa?"
Not waiting for a reply, he took her arm and propelled her over to a wing chair which was in a far corner of the room.  “Sit here until we say that you may leave."  With those words, innocuous and menacing at the same time, he deposited her in the seat and then strutted back to the bench beside which he had been standing. 
As Marisa sat listening to the men discussing the date of the ceremony, and arrangements for her to travel to her home-to-be, her heart grew rigid with rage.  Her uncle was a lout to use her thus, to want to hand her over to a man who he knew she would despise and who would think nothing of abusing her.  Admittedly, Squire Jeffrey was not unattractive.  In fact, she had expected to see a squat, balding man.  He was quite the opposite of that.  But she knew that, despite his outward appearance of gentility, the man was quite capable of committing evil acts. 
 A plan of escape began to form in her mind…
Next day, Marisa woke up before dawn, her heart thumping in anticipation.  Her bag had been packed from the night before and now lay hidden under the bed.  In it were a few pieces of clothing, the little money she had saved over the years, and as much food as she could force into the small bag.  She slipped out of the 
bed and dressed quickly in the dark, not wanting to light a candle for fear of someone realizing that she was awake.  Then, grabbing her package, she slipped out of the bedroom and tiptoed down the wide staircase leading to the hallway.  None of the servants had yet begun to stir.  
Nevertheless, she was careful not to make a noise to alert anyone of her presence.  With a sigh of relief, she crept out through the servants’ entrance then ran swiftly toward the copse of trees some distance away.
As she ran, Marisa felt light and free, breathing in the clean, sweet air of the fading night.  At this point, she spared no thought for the challenges that lay ahead.  She only knew that she was away from that wretched house where she had spent five dismal years, and away from the threat of the slavery of a forced marriage.  Indeed, it was slavery that she considered such a marriage to be.  She would never live under such circumstances, not while she had breath in her body to fight.  As a child, she had always been strong and independent, and she was not about to change to suit any man.  Not her uncle, and certainly not a pompous fop like Squire Jeffrey.
On reaching the woods, she rested against a tree to catch her breath.  She did not tarry long but, instead, set off at a brisk pace through the trees, heading in the direction of the major roadway.  Wagons loaded with produce usually passed along that route, and she knew that she could inveigle a driver to take her along.  She needed to get as far away from Henry Thompson’s house as she could.  She could not risk her uncle realizing that she was missing before she had gotten a good distance away.  The outcome would be terribly unpleasant for her.  Of that, she had no doubt.  She knew that if she were caught, she would have to endure a whipping…or worse.  She had to get away.  Fast!
It took her almost two hours to get to the road although she had run all the way, pausing just long enough to gulp in breaths of air and ease the cramps in her side.  The woods were beautiful at this time of year.  By now, soft green leaves were on the trees and reddish-yellow blossoms were sprinkled on the ground.  But Marisa had no time to savor the beauty of the outdoors she loved so much.  She had pressing business this day.  Escape was foremost in her mind.  She crouched behind a tree by the side of the road and waited.
Soon, she could hear the creak of a wagon.  She stepped out from her hiding place, pulled the brim of her hat further down over her forehead, and waited.  The wagon, driven by an elderly man and a small boy, approached.  She stepped out into the middle of the road and shouted, "Hey, there!  Hey, stop!"  She waved her arms frantically, as if to warn of some danger.
"What the blazes –”   The driver, caught off-guard, had to rein in his horses sharply to prevent them from running down who he must have thought was a young fellow standing there in the middle of the road.
"What gives, lad?  Are you trying to meet an early death?" The man sounded annoyed and Marisa knew he had every right to be so.
"Begging your pardon, sir, but would you permit me to travel with you for but a while?"  She approached the wagon and spoke earnestly.  "I am on an urgent errand for my master but bandits have stolen my horse and I must find my way on foot.  It is a long way."
"Bandits!  In the woods?  We must get a search party at once."
“No, please, sir!  There is an urgent matter to which I must attend.  I must not delay."  She was breathless with anxiety.  "And, besides, they are long gone by now."
“Well, hop up, lad.  Let us be gone in case they are of a mind to come back for you.”
She needed no further invitation.  Gripping a wooden rail, she hoisted herself into the back of the wagon and made herself as comfortable as one could get between sacks of potatoes and baskets of turnips.
Marisa was not offended in the least when the driver addressed her as lad.  On the contrary, it meant that her disguise had worked.  She was dressed in buff breeches, top boots and a dark coat which enveloped her frame.  With her hair stuffed under the hat, she looked like a young boy rather than a lass of seventeen years.  The loose clothing hid her curves, but they also made her seem even smaller and younger.  She would have to be careful.  There were always scoundrels ready to take advantage of those who seemed frail or defenseless.
By the time the sun reached the middle of the sky, they were in the busy port town of Liverpool.  As the wagon pulled in by the docks, Marisa watched in awe as four grand ships lay out in the water, longboats going back-and-forth between them and the shore, ferrying sacks and barrels for their journeys.  Fascinated by the scene, she felt both excitement and trepidation.  She had never been so far away from home and, in this new and busy atmosphere, she realized that she could easily find herself in grave danger if she did not take care.  This was no place for a woman, that she knew.  Her life depended on her disguise. 
Bidding the old driver farewell, Marisa hopped off the wagon and quickly lost herself in the teeming crowd.  A plan had already begun to form in her mind.  She was determined to get as far away from Sir Henry as she possibly could.
She had often heard talk of the prosperous islands of the West Indies, where the vegetation was lush, life was good, and the sun shone warm and bright all year round.  Those evenings which she had spent playing hostess to her uncle’s various guests had provided her with a wealth of knowledge about life outside of England.  She had paid keen attention to the conversations of the voyagers who had graced her uncle’s table, but especially those who had been to the islands.  She soon developed a great fascination for those lands and often dreamed of sailing to the tropics and seeing those foreign places in person.
And now, here was her chance.  What better way of fleeing the clutches of her uncle and fulfilling her dreams than to sail away on one of the grand ships preparing for journey to the West Indies?  Marisa smiled and silently congratulated herself for her brilliant idea.  Her uncle would never find her now.  Her father's spirit of adventure and love of the sea seemed to have captivated her and filled her soul.  Now, she felt no fear, only excitement and anticipation for what lay ahead.
Late that night, when the dock was asleep and the sounds of the day had died down till there was only the gentle lapping of the inky ocean against the shore, Marisa stealthily made her way to one of the longboats tied to a pole planted in the sand.  She was no thief, but this day she would take that to which she had no claim.  No, it was not hers, but take it she must, if she might have any hope of boarding the waiting ship.
And so, in the stillness of the night, even as the drunken sailors staggered from one alehouse to the next, Marisa was creeping closer and closer to the longboats, intent on seizing her prize.
She made her way, swiftly and stealthily, without being seen in the inky blackness.  Then, feeling safe in her secluded spot, she chose the smallest of the longboats and dropped her sack within.  Making sure her seclusion was secure, she waited another moment before she made her next move.
Slowly, silently, she pushed the longboat forward, making it slide over the sand, bumping a rock here, dipping into a puddle there, until it was slipping into the waves lapping softly against the shore.
As soon as it slid into the sea, Marisa slipped into the bobbing vessel.  She did not raise up to paddle, nor did she look back from whence she had come.  For several tense moments, she simply settled into the bottom of the boat and let the waves coax and carry it out to sea.
For several minutes she waited, her breath tight in her throat, perspiration popping out on her forehead, her ears perked up and alert in case of any alarm that would mean the theft was discovered.
It was several more minutes before she dared rise but by then the boat was halfway to the bobbing ship.  She peered ahead but there was no sign of life there.  God be praised. She breathed the words of thanks under her breath but she dared not relax her guard until her boat was sliding alongside the starboard of the ship, presently shrouded in darkness.
Slowly, so as not to make a sound, she slid the boat around the ship, gently guiding it so it did not bump against the bow, coaxing it to float all the way around until she found what she’d been seeking - the thick rope that hung down to touch the water, that rope that would be her means of scaling the side and boarding the ship.
Her heart thumping in trepidation, she tied her sack around her upper arm and grasped the dangling rope.  Then, knowing that after this moment, she would see the shores of England no more, she breathed a prayer, heaved with all her might, and hauled her body out of the boat.
Slowly, stealthily, gripping the rope tightly, she angled her body so the soles of her boots were against the side of the ship.  And so, she walked, slowly and painfully, up the side of the ship.  At the top, she turned to get one last look at the shore of England.  Her heart trembled in her chest.  Would she ever see her homeland again?
A wave of anxiety washed over her but then she gritted her teeth and turned her gaze away from the shores of home and toward the pitch-black darkness that lay ahead.
It was time to turn her attention to the adventures that lay ahead.  Time to slip away to the hidden depths of this vessel and start a new chapter in her life.
It was time for the adventure to begin.


CHAPTER TWO

Contrary to her earlier anxiety, Marisa soon found that finding her way to the ship’s hold was not as difficult as she'd feared.  Whereas she had worried that the deck would be heavily guarded by crewmen, when she boarded the ship there was not a one to be seen.
Frowning at the oddity of the unguarded deck, she quickly made her way to the door of the hold, all the while remaining in the shadows, grateful for the darkness of a moonless sky.  Still, she had to be careful.  The light from the stars would be enough for her to be seen by a vigilant eye.  With that thought ever at the forefront of her mind, she did her utmost to keep as quiet as a mouse, her effort extending even to the sound of her breathing.
Silently, in the stillness of the night, she slipped smoothly through the shadows then stealthily slid the short bar that held the heavy door closed.  It was a big door, and heavy, one that threatened to go crashing back down as she struggled to lift the heavy weight.
"Grace a Dieu," she breathed, as the door slowly lifted, just enough to allow her to slip inside.  Her whispered prayer, the remnants of a memory from conversations with her French papa, fortified her at a time when she needed it most.
And she most certainly did because, as she crept down below, she had to fight to suppress her fear.  It was so dark down there.  She had thought the shadowy deck was fearsome, but that was nothing compared to the inky blackness down below.
It took several moments of prayerful breaths and self admonishment before she gathered the courage to move deeper into the belly of the ship.  Once she had made that move, though, she kept going until she was submerged in the viscous ink of blackness, her sense of sight of no use in the unyielding pit of darkness.
Left with only three remaining senses - of smell, of hearing and, most importantly, of touch - Marisa held her hands out in front of her, all the better to feel her way to the deepest, darkest hiding place she could find.
It was a fortunate turn of events that the ship had been virtually deserted, the crew probably ashore, imbibing before a long journey at sea, because her virtual blindness caused her many a stumble over objects scattered over the floor.  The noises she made as she stumbled were frightful, even to her.  They would surely have attracted the attention of the crew.
Thankfully, though, the ship seemed to be virtually deserted, at least for the moment.  For that, she was grateful.  She had certainly chosen the most opportune night to board the vessel.
Anxious to position herself in the perfect hiding spot, one where she would not be easily detected by someone who had cause to venture down below, Marisa swallowed fright and fear and pushed deeper into the darkness, so deep that she could not see her hands stretched out in front of her, deep into a darkness so thick that she abandoned dependence on the sense of sight and resorted to relying only on her sense of touch.  Hands held out in front of her, she felt her way, running her hands over boxes and barrels of wood, until she found herself all the way at the back of the hold. 
In any case, that was what she thought.  She had kept going until she could go no more.  And there she sank, panting from exhaustion and fright, crouching down onto a pile of what felt like old ship sails and rough ropes.
It was only then that a sob escaped her lips.  All this time, she had been trying her best to be brave, but then the enormity of the situation swept up and overwhelmed her, engulfing her in waves of trepidation.
"Oh, God."  Her moan came out in a gasp.  "What will become of me?  Did I err in taking flight from my uncle's care?"
But even as the words escaped her lips, she knew she had not erred in leaving that abode.  She knew what her fate would have been if she had stayed.  For her, it was a fate worse than any she would face in the West Indies.
With that thought in mind, her spirit began to grow calm, her turbulent thoughts gradually slowing to the gentle rhythm of the rolling waves.  It was not long before her rigid posture relaxed until she was resting her cheek on her arm that lay atop the roughness of the ropes.  Her lips parted in an exhausted yawn.  And then, as her body began to slowly sag against the rope, her eyelids began to grow heavy, so heavy that they were soon drooping, drifting down until the thickness of her lashes fell against her cheeks, until her breathing slowed, and deepened, and slowed, and deepened, and slowed, and slowed…
A loud bang.  Marisa woke with a start  As she jerked up, her heart thumping in fright, there was another bang and a thump, and then she heard the racket of raucous laughter and the vociferous voices of men shouting  and singing and talking so loudly that it was obvious that these were sailors who had imbibed more than their fair share of the brew.  This was a drunken lot, of this she was certain.  At the thought of being at their mercy, she felt her blood run cold.  She could only breathe a sigh of relief that, of her presence, they were none the wiser.  She would have to do everything in her power to keep it that way.
With the return of the sailors to the ship, Marisa’s previously quiet haven of darkness soon became the noisiest nook she could have imagined.  There was so much shouting and pounding and banging of boots on the wooden planks above that she had to resort to sticking her fingers in her ears.  What could they be doing up there, to be so loud?
It was not long before Marisa recognized the nature of the noise.  The pounding soon became rhythmic, accompanied by a deep and regular beating sound, and that was when she realized that the obviously inebriated crew had decided to continue the festivities aboard the boat.
As the cacophony continued, unabated as the minutes ticked into what must be close to an hour, Marisa gritted her teeth and groaned.  Earlier, she had lamented at the lonely darkness that engulfed the hold but now she looked back at her earlier solitude with longing.  Back then, at least she had lamented in silence.  Now, her haven had become a hideous, head-aching hell that was threatening to drive her mad.
And then, as she crouched with her hands covering her ears, something quick and furry and sharp-clawed ran over her foot.
Marisa screamed, the shriek, shrill and sharp in the cavern of the hold.  She jumped up and screamed again.  What in the name of God was that?  And then, realizing her folly, she bit down on her bottom lip but the thing ran back and a third scream ripped from her throat.  Oh God, the one thing she feared more than the men up above.  Rats.
With her hands, she searched desperately for the refuge of height, getting herself on anything that would keep her feet off the floor.  She found it when her hands touched what felt like a wooden barrel.  Whatever it was, it was soon the source of her refuge.  Quickly, as if the hounds of hell were snapping at her legs, she gripped the lip  and heaved herself up onto the structure, a sob escaping her lips as she sagged on top.
Oh, God.  She’d thought that the deep darkness would have been the greatest of her grievances but then things got worse with the deafening din from above.  She had not expected things to get even worse than that.  But rats?  That was the worst of all.
She shivered at the horror.
And then she remembered her sack with all her food.  It was still down there.  Oh, God.  At the mercy of the rats!
Disgust making the bile rise in her throat, Marisa clung to her barrel and leaned over to peer into the darkness beneath, trying her best to locate her bag.  It was no use.  If she hoped to find her food, she would not get any help from her sense of sight.  The darkness was so deep, she would have to rely on touch to locate her sack.  And that was what she was afraid of.  To reach out and touch a rat?  Ugh!
Marisa did not know how long she tarried there on top of the barrel.  Whether it was several minutes or a few hours, she could not say.  The only thing she knew was that the boat began to move.
She almost chuckled.  Boat?  The vessel was far more than that.  She was stowing away on an impressive ship that had most certainly seen several successes, if the quality of the trappings was anything to go by - sleek, polished sides and the heaviest of canvases for its sails, she could only guess that the captain was a merchant sailor of superior standing.
She was mulling that thought over in her mind, what kind of man he must be, the master of such a vessel when, suddenly, the rocking of the ship almost pitched her from her perch.
"Ahoy!"
It was a faraway cry, one muffled by the thick wooden deck above her head, but still, she heard it and she knew what it meant. The ship had set sail!
The ship lurched and Marisa's heart lurched with it.  They were off.  If she had any thought of changing her mind, any fancy that she would flee and find her way back to the land from whence she came, that thought was dashed with each dip of the vessel as it began to sail away from the shore.  The dim hope suddenly grew dimmer as the ship started to sail and began to pick up speed.
As Marisa clung to the top of the barrel, the ship sailed and as it did, it swayed, making her head swim with each swoop and sway.  And, as it rocked and rolled, Marisa's stomach turned and churned, until she was soon fighting to control the waves of nausea soon washing over her.
But the ship kept sailing, swaying with the swell of each wave until, to her disgust and shame, she was retching, spilling the contents of her stomach onto the floor below.
She retched until she thought she could retch no more, the contents of her stomach now a putrid puddle on the planks below.
For a long while she lay there, retching she knew not what as there was no sustenance remaining inside her stomach, shivering from the strain, and sobbing from the pain, and still the ship kept sailing, the sailors oblivious to her presence or her suffering.
Later, much later, the stench of her stomach’s contents almost overwhelming her, Marisa stumbled off the top of the barrel, her body weak from all that retching.  God, what would she give for a breath of fresh air?
The pace of her heart quickened in her chest.  It was as if the thought of the freedom and fresh air up above was reawakening her venturesome spirit, her desire to be free.
But it was not to be.  How could she escape to the deck, crowded as it was with the crew?  She would have to stay right where she was, suffering in a silence which was not of her choosing, her circumstance forced upon her because of the need for a noiseless existence.
And so, she got down from off her perch and crept into the darkest corner where she curled her body into a tight ball, trying desperately to control the wrenching pains ripping into her stomach.  The pain making her moan, she clenched her eyes tight and tried to ease her suffering by letting sleep claim her…
*****


Lord Byron Treasure was a driven man.  Captain of The Liberty, he knew what he wanted in life and he was determined to achieve it.
Unlike many of his compatriots from the Royal Navy, he had not been born into money and had no hope of being heir to a wealthy estate.  He held the title of Lord, yes, but one could say it was in name only but not in property.  No, his father had been born the son of an Earl but had squandered his possessions and left his family destitute.  Whatever Byron had, had been the fruit of his own hard labor. 
As an officer in the Navy, he had honed his knowledge and skills as a sailor and captained ships for others until he was able, through wise investments, to acquire a vessel of his own.  As master of his own fate, he was now able to provide more than adequately for the mother and two younger brothers who relied on him for sustenance.  But he knew, as a merchant sailor, that the tides could turn in a heartbeat, and so he ruled his crew with a firm hand, never vacillating, never showing hesitation or fear, even in the face of dire circumstances.
On the trip back to England, he had not had much time to spare, his aim to make it back to the colonies before the change of the season.  And so, despite his mother's rebuke at the shortness of his visits, this time only one week, he was already back at sea, his ship sailing with much needed supplies and stock.  They would be happy to see him, they in the colonies.  Many a man would pay handsomely for some beloved English tea or snuff
With that thought in mind, the fact that this could prove a very profitable voyage, there was a hint of a smile on his lips as he gripped the wheel and turned the ship to starboard, feeling her cutting through the watery way.
This was what he loved, the feel of power beneath his fingertips, the resistance, the acquiescence of the ship as he guided her sleek form toward another shore.  With a satisfied sigh, he settled into the steady rhythm of the slumbering sea, this sleek ship cutting through the rolling waves, the sky of inky black a comforting shroud as his men slept.
This suited him well, the quiet night, a time when he could think.  It was the time which worked best for him, when he had the opportunity to reflect and also, to plan.
It was while he was there, steering the ship, planning his next entries in the ship’s log, that he remembered something very important.  In order to complete the day's records, he would need to enter the receipt for the supply of hammers and anvils he had secured from the blacksmith.  If he did not enter the transaction, and soon, he might forget and the books would be awry.  That would be the worst headache, as he knew very well.
With that thought in mind, he whistled to his chief mate.  "Come relieve me, Wallis," he said. "Keep her steady.  I must go below to retrieve something."
"Aye, Cap’n."  Immediately, the officer stepped forward and grasped the wheel.
Without hesitation, Byron turned and walked away, totally confident in the skills and expertise of his vice captain.  As he headed toward the door of the hold, he grabbed the smallest of the lanterns that hung from hooks planted in the wooden beams, which supported the massive sails.  With one hand, he grabbed the handle of the door and, with ease, he lifted it from its resting place and then stepped in.
There was no hesitation in him.  He knew exactly where he had left the receipt.  He'd dropped it on the top of the barrel, the one that contained the ale that the colonists craved.  They would pay generous coin for that precious brew.
He was holding the small light in front of him, making his way to the back of the hold, when an almost unnoticeable noise made him freeze.  It was a soft sound, and low… and it was human.  Of that, he had no doubt.  What the blazes?
Not wanting to be detected, he left the light at the bottom of the steps then slipped his hand into his waistband to grasp the dagger that never left his side.  Making sure to stay in the shadows, he sidled along the side till he was deep in the darkest depths of the hold.
And so, hidden in the darkness, he crept along the walls, ducking into every corner that afforded a thickly-dark hiding place, until he was upon the body that emitted the moans, so mewling and pitiful to the ears.
Dumbfounded and unseeing in the dark, Byron cocked his head, the better to hear the sound.  Standing stock still, he frowned.  Was it a child?  The moan was far from deep.  In fact, with a timbre so light, he would declare this must be a wee lad. 
Still, he was no fool.  Even as he approached the sound, he tightened his grip around the handle of his dagger, ready to use it if merited.  Somehow, though, he hoped that moment would never materialize.  The voice sounded too young, too frail, for him to have any desire to cut that life short by gutting the imposter’s innards.
Stealthily, he crept closer.  He was right by the stranger now, the moans so pitiful that, imposter or not, that soft side of his heart, generally abandoned and corroded from lack of use, felt a sharp pang of pity.
But, just as the pity pricked him, it disappeared.  He scowled.  What?  Had he gone barmy?  This was an imposter on his ship and the price for such trespass was to walk the plank.  This was no time for tenderness. To no man.
With a growl, he swung a kick in the direction of the mewls.  He was rewarded with a sharp yelp.
"Who goes there?"  he bellowed.  "What do ye on my ship?"  Adopting the speech of the populace, he roared with a rage intended to terrify.
It seemed to work as planned.  The petrified pup, whoever it was, gave a terrified yelp and shot to its feet with a shrill cry.
"Please," it pleaded.  "Don't hurt me.  I am no threat to ye, sir!"
That was all Byron needed to hear.  Those frightened words, spoken in the dark, were all he needed to determine location, height and girth of the imposter.  The voice was a dead giveaway.
Sensing little threat from the bearer of the shaking voice, Byron’s hands shot out to clasp the thin neck of some kind of waif.  Before it had time to react, he hauled it forward, making it stumble, and as the thing began to fall, he got a grip on the neck of the shirt and hoisted it off its feet.
"What do ye on my ship, fella?"  He shook the thing, but not too hard, realizing from the slight figure that the stranger was likely no more than ten and three or four, if that much.
There was no answer, save for a yelp followed by a fight to be free, but Byron was no fool.  There was no way he would let the mysterious visitor loose on his ship.  More than likely it was a waif from the recently visited English Harbor, one with dreams of adventure aboard a merchant ship.  Such tales of stowaways were not unheard of.  For him, though, it would be the first such occurrence.
Still, waif or not, Byron had to be firm.  He could not afford for word to begin to spread that he was soft on those who dared steal passage on his merchant ship.  He shook the thing.  “Who be ye?” he snarled, still using the tongue of the common man.  Lord though he might be, he had been among the rabble long enough to be fluent in their speech and dialects. 
This was what he adopted this time, with the boy.  He wanted him good and frightened and ready to divulge all.
"I am Mar…Martin.  Of Hillcrest.  Hillcrest Lane,” the thing squeaked.
As it spoke, Byron was moving the lamp at the foot of the steps.  There, he dropped the struggling bundle in a pile on the floor, in the light where he saw a slight body enveloped in a coarse shirt and oversized coat, one obviously meant for a much bigger man.
As soon as he hit the floor, the boy rolled away, seeming intent on squeezing himself back into the shadows.  He was grasping his hat and pulling it down tighter onto his head when Byron lifted the lamp, the better to see him.
His face streaked with dirt, he was a pitiful sight, but with a face so soft and hairless that Byron pitied the man he was promising to be.  Although obviously quite young, one would still expect that the boy should have already lost the look of a baby.  By now, should his chin not be showing signs of beginning to form into the face of a man?  With a girlish face like his, if his face didn't begin to form soon, this boy was bound to be the brunt of heartless jokes…or worse.
He held the light high.  "Up," he growled.  "On your feet."
Quick as a flash, the boy was up but still, he lingered in what little shadow he could find.
But Byron was having none of that.  He grasped the boy’s collar and dragged him back into the light.  "Let me see you, boy," he growled.  He immediately regretted his aggressiveness.  The boy looked so young, so defenseless, so lost in the clothes that were obviously way too big for him.  He could only surmise that he had stolen them, probably from some unsuspecting washerwoman…which was another cause for concern.  Did he have a thief on board his ship?
He tried again, but gentler this time.  "Why are you on my ship, boy?"
The boy seemed to hesitate and then said weakly, the spirit seemingly sucked out of him.  "I seek a better life, sir."  Then he looked up, his brown eyes earnest.  "I will earn my keep, sir.  Please let me bide among your sailors.  Let me work alongside them.  I will work as well as the best of them."  He blinked, as if fighting tears.  "I will earn my keep," he repeated.
Byron listened in silence and then, grudgingly, he nodded. "Aye, that you will do.  There is no free ride on this ship."
His body sagging in obvious relief, the boy gazed up at him. "So, I can…stay?  I am now part of the crew?"
The awkwardness of the situation sinking in, Byron grimaced then released his hold on the boy.  He dropped his hand.  "Aye, you are now a seaman."
The look of relief on the boy’s face was almost comical.  But it was not that easy.  Far from it.  Little did the boy understand the complication he had introduced into his life.
But, somehow, complication or not, he would keep this boy safe on board the ship, at least till the day this journey had ended.  What choice did he have?  They were too far to turn back now. But, if the journey were to be free of incident, he would have to take certain precautions.
"I don't know you, boy," he said, and as the words left his lips, he was wondering if he was the world's biggest fool, "but, from here on, you are my nephew.  Let no man on this ship be any the wiser."
The boy’s brow crinkled in confusion and, for the first time, he looked a little bit older than fourteen.  "Your nephew?  Why?"
Byron almost sighed in exasperation.  Clearly, the boy understood but little of the world.  "You are my nephew," he said slowly, pointedly, "because this is a ship full of hardened sailors.  Soon, they will be craving female companionship.  With no woman on board, sadly, you are close enough for them to get confused."
It seemed to take a while but then he saw the moment it began to sink in.  The look of fear on his face was evidence of the understanding of the seriousness of the situation.  "You may have thought you were escaping danger," he said, "but you may have placed yourself in even worse peril."  He sighed.  "From here on, you will be my rebellious nephew who defied orders and stole away onto the ship in search of adventure." 
"Will the crew believe this?" the boy asked.  The tremble in his voice was evidence of his fright.
"For your sake, they must.  Do everything in your power to make them believe you are my kin.  Otherwise, they will consider you fair game."
The boy winced.
Byron was glad.  Hopefully, it meant the boy was beginning to realize he had not strolled into a garden of roses.  The life of a sailor might have seemed glamorous from afar but he would soon realize otherwise.
"From here on, you will be my nephew," Byron repeated, for emphasis.  It was critical that the boy understood that clearly.  His life depended on it.  "You will stay close by me and never stray far.  And tonight," he said, his voice tight, as he contemplated the possible risks, "you will rest in my cabin."  His voice was grim as he looked down at his new charge.  Being wet-nurse to an errant youth was not a role he would relish.
But then, to Byron's confusion and near annoyance, instead of showing gratitude for his good fortune at being offered protection, the boy's eyes grew round and his breath grew shallow, as if in trepidation at the thought of sharing a captain’s cabin.
But there was no time to dwell on that.  His mind was busy mulling over the tale he must spin for his crew.  That tale must be ready post-haste.  On mounting the deck, the boatswain would immediately need to be apprised of the newcomer’s presence.  There was no way to avoid it.
He jerked his head toward the steps.  
"Up," he ordered. "Now your new life begins."



CHAPTER THREE

At the captain's barked order, Marisa immediately moved forward on shaking legs and stumbled up the steps that led to the deck.  With each step, all twelve of them, her heart sank lower and lower until it was sinking down into her borrowed boots.
Oh, God.  She had run away from a fate she’d thought worse than death.  But now, under these new circumstances, could she say her situation was better?  At least, in a forced marriage, she knew what she would be up against.  But here?  How could she prepare, steel herself to face any foe, when she knew not what lay ahead?
The thought had barely had the chance to cross her mind when she felt a firm hand at her back, pushing her forward.  Apparently, she was not moving fast enough to suit the burly bully who had discovered her.  She tried moving a bit faster but, truly, she had no desire to board the deck.  This man had spoken as if a pack of wolves awaited.  She was not looking forward to the revelation that she was on board.
But then, she had no choice in the matter, did she?  She could only pray God that this ship's captain, which was who she assumed him to be, was a man of honor, one who would keep his word about protecting her.
Another push at her back and then she was stumbling onto the deck, her growling captor in tow.  Quickly, she glanced around, expecting to see a sea of sailors, but there was no-one.  The place was empty.  From what she could see, she would say that the ship was empty, save for the captain and her.
Her relief was so great that she began to sag again, the pain in her mid-section coming back, but the man did not let her fall to the floor.  As effortlessly as if she were a mere ragdoll, he caught her by the collar and lifted her off her feet.  Then he set her upright on legs that were still unsteady from her recent bout of belly troubles.
"Walk," the man ordered
Marisa looked back at him, confused.  "Where must I go?"
"Straight ahead.  To the cabin in the middle."
So those were his quarters.  Marisa berated herself, annoyed.  She should have known.  Her own father had been captain of a ship, his own ship.  Of course, the captain’s quarters would be that central cabin in the middle of the deck. 
Yet another push, and soon she was marching forward to that place she hoped would be a refuge before the throng of sailors awoke.
When they got to the spot, Marisa heard the jangle of keys and then the captain was opening the wooden door and stepping aside to let her in, into yet another dark chamber, although this one was smelling far less moldy and dank. Seconds later, there was the flare of a match and then the man was leaning over a nearby table as he lit a lantern.
Goodness, it was good to have light.
She looked around the room, taking in the large wooden trunks against the walls, the wooden table on which the lantern stood, its legs obviously bolted onto the floor, a big bucket of water sitting by a tub made of tin, and a bed, one that looked too big to be on a sailing ship.
Her eyes widened as she stared at the bed.  Did he expect her to get in it…with him? 
Like he'd read her thoughts, he grunted and jerked his head toward a mat in a corner of the cabin.
"You can sleep over there," he said, "as long as you stay quiet.  What was with that moaning you were doing down in the hold?  Are you sick?"
Marisa blinked.  Yes, she’d been sick.  She’d been in real pain.  But where had it gone?  It seemed that the shock of having been discovered, the trauma of having been uprooted, had driven the pain from her mind.  Yes, she was still weak but, grace a Dieu, she was no longer writhing in agony.
"Go," the captain said.  "I will attend to you in a moment."
Attend to me?  Marisa was moving toward the assigned mat but, as she did so, she was frowning.  Whatever did he mean?
She soon found out.  As she settled onto the mat, the big man approached, a rope in hand.  Perturbed, she backed away, up against the wall.  "What is that for?" she blurted out.
He gave her a short snort.  "I'm no fool," he said, with a sharp laugh.  "You did not think I would close my eyes with a strange pup roaming my private quarters, did you?  Give me your hands."  As soon as she held them out, he wrapped the ropes around her wrists then walked away, taking the length of the rope with him.  This, he tied to a heavy wooden column in the middle of the room, some distance away from his bed.
"Here you will slumber," he said, "where I can see you, but not too near.  I would not trust my life to a scruffy puppy like you."  He must have thought that worthy of jest because, as the words left his lips, he chuckled.
A scruffy puppy, was it?  If he had thought that description would offend, he was quite mistaken.  On the contrary, it brought Marisa a feeling of relief at the realization that, despite her having been in his presence for the past several minutes, the man had no inkling of her true identity.  Her disguise had worked wonderfully and, for that, she was grateful.
With that thought in mind, with the reassurance that he thought her nothing but a mere lad, Marisa curled up on the mat, hard though it was, thankful that the terror of the rat-infested tomb was now nothing but a bad memory.  A smile of satisfaction softened her lips.   
At the sound of a boot falling, Marisa's gaze glided over to where her not so terrible captor sat on his bed.  What she saw made her bite her lip.  And then, she sucked in her breath and dropped her gaze.  Then, curious, she looked up again.
From the waist up, the man was bare.  And he was beautiful.  Magnificent.  Muscles rippling on his bare chest, he was bending over to push the second boot from his other foot.  It was a good thing he was not looking over at her as she gazed, eyes wide, at the sight of this semi-nude man.  It was not a sight she was used to, but it was a sight that she found fascinating, so fascinating, in fact, that she could not tear her eyes away.
And then, his boots now off, the man's hands went to his belt, loosening it so quickly that she hardly had time to react.  Before her very eyes, the man suddenly stood up and belt and breaches dropped off his hips to present this male body in nothing but his full body underwear, in the front of which was a bulge.
Marisa had to bite her lip to stifle a squeak.
But, as if he'd forgotten she was even there, he did not even spare her a glance.  Paying her no mind, he proceeded to disrobe even further.
Mon Dieu.  Was he planning to take off even that, the last vestige of decency?
She soon got the answer to that perturbing question when she watched, transfixed, as the man quickly unbuttoned the undergarment and let it fall to the floor, leaving him bare in all his glory, all his naked glory, a glory that seared itself into her brain.  The man's member hung there, a relaxed appendage hanging between heavily muscled legs, a third leg, jutting from its nest of curly black hair.
She must have gasped, because the man was suddenly glaring at her, the frown on his face making him seem mean and menacing.  "What's with you, boy?  Never seen a grown man with no clothes?  Have you no father?"  He cocked his head to one side, looking confused.  Then, he shrugged and climbed into bed.  "Best you get yourself some sleep," he growled, sounding annoyed.  "A morrows you will get to know the crew."  He stifled a yawn.  "My rowdy gang."
Marisa swallowed.  With those words, her captor had just reminded her of the danger that the new day might bring.  Bedding down in the same room with this naked man might be the least of her troubles.
Her palms grew damp at the thought of the day that lay ahead.  In the darkness of night, she had succeeded in fooling the captain, making him think her a boy, but would she be successful with this ruse in the bright light of day?  And in front of the whole crew of men?
She prayed God she would not be found out.  Her life depended on it.

CHAPTER FOUR

"Huh?  What?"
Marisa jerked up, her hands flying to shield her face.  It was an automatic reflex, a response to a sharp shake that had been applied to her shoulder.
"Up, lad.  The sun sits high in the sky.  Time to get us out on deck."  The hearty bellow was jarring.  Any doubts as to her whereabouts were dispelled when she heard the words of the man who had rescued her from her abode among the rats.  The memories came rushing back, memories of a man who had dug her from her hiding place down in the hull.
She groaned, rubbing the sleep from her eyes as she sat up. "Can I wash first?"
The big man was already dressed and looking alert and ready to face the world.  That annoyed her no end.  A glance out the window told her the sun was out, yes, but it was probably just after dawn.  After going to bed so late, how could he be so perky at this early hour?
He jerked his head over to the tin mug and basin of water that sat on top of the wooden table.  "That is for you," he said.  "Make haste."  His tone had quickly turned impatient.
Not wanting to get off to a bad start, Marisa hastened to obey.  She scrambled to her feet and hurried over to the basin where she did a hasty wash.  It was not quite what she would have wished, craving as she was for a full body bath, but it was better than nothing.  Then, with the captain tapping his foot impatiently, she hastened to get fully dressed, thereafter making sure to pull her hat further down on her head.
A mere five minutes later, she was following the captain as he strode out the door and onto the now busy deck.  There were shouts rending the air as the sailors busily handled their business aboard the ship.  It took a moment before they even noticed that the captain had left the cabin and come to join them.
The first sailor who realized hurried over.  “Getting her ready to clip at a rapid pace, Cap’n.”  As the words left the man's lips, he glanced over at Marisa, a questioning look in his eyes.  "A new lad on board, Cap’n?  Looks a tad bit small for the job, don'tcha think, sir?"  He raised his brows, his eyes measuring her the whole time.
The captain shook his head.  "No, this lad will not be part of the regular crew.  Call the men over for a minute.  Let me introduce our youngest traveler."
"Aye, Cap’n."  The man said the words, but he did not move right away.  Instead, his look grew more intense, much to Marisa’s discomfort.  Why was he staring at like that?  Had he seen through her disguise?
But then, just when she began to feel the redness rise up her neck, he turned away.  Thank God.  She breathed a surreptitious sigh of relief when he walked away, shouting as he went.
It looked like he was in command, second to the captain because, without hesitation, the men dropped what they were doing and hurried over.  Once they were gathered around, twenty or so, the captain began to speak.  "We have new blood on board," he bellowed, his voice strong and firm and so commanding that Marisa felt an even greater sense of respect for him.  "My blood."  He rested a heavy hand on her shoulder.  "This is Martin, my kin.  He will travel with us to the colonies and I will ask each of you to watch out for him.  He's an eager boy," he said with a chuckle and his grip on Marisa's shoulder tightened, "so he might get underfoot.  But I will ask for your patience with my young sailor in training.  As long as he is on board, he is in my care.  Not an easy job, I must tell you."  That got sniggers from some of those in the back.  "So, I will depend on you to help me with this boy.  Despite the protests of his mother, my sister, he boarded the ship and set sail with us, determined to see the world.  I will get word back to her.  But now, let us give him a seaman’s welcome, men.  Let us show him we are a fine team."
There were nods of ascent and as the men began to chat, to Marisa it sounded like they had no issue with the intrusion.  For that, she was grateful.  
And then, to her surprise, a boy, no older than eleven or twelve, squeezed past the bulky bodies of the seamen and gazed over at her with big, blue eyes.
He was staring at her, the light of curiosity in his eyes, with an eager air that told her that he craved youthful companionship.  He must feel so cramped, trapped in a sea of swarthy sailors.  He was probably seeing her as the closest thing to a fellow youth that he would ever find aboard the ship.
So, the boy was curious about her.  But she was curious about him, too.  What was a boy so young doing aboard a ship like this?
She was in the middle of the thought when a rough voice broke in.  "Begging your pardon, Cap’n.  This boy has no business up on deck."  The man, wearing a grimy apron, was obviously the ship’s cook.  Who else would be so covered in grease stains?
"Speak, Bernard."
"Thank ye, sir.  I come up to get that there boy.  Lazy pup!  Ran off just when I needed him to stir the stew.  Get back to the galley, you little whelp."  He gave two slight bows as he appeared and then, when the captain turned to speak with one of the sailors, he cuffed the back of the boy’s head.
The boy yelped and ran back the way he had come, but not before Marisa saw the tears in his eyes.  Involuntarily, she took a step forward to rush to his aid, but immediately she halted, commonsense coming to the rescue.  The last thing she needed right then was to draw even more attention to herself.  
The captain must not have noticed because his next words were a surprise.  As he turned back to the cook, he gave Marisa a slight push forward.  "This lad will be in your care," he said to the grease-stained man.  "He is not yet ready for seaman’s work.  In the meanwhile, he can help you with the cooking."
The cook stilled, his brow momentarily furrowed, but then he nodded again. “Aye, Cap’n,” he said, sounding none too pleased.  Lips twisting, he shuffled off, mumbling under his breath.  "Two of them," he muttered.  "Cursed whelps."
The captain did not respond to the cook's obvious displeasure.  Instead, he turned his attention back to his men.  "We are sailing at a good clip," he said, sounding satisfied.  "At this rate, we should see land just nigh of a month."
That got him a cheer from his crew.  They seemed ecstatic, each slapping the other’s back, chattering away till the captain had to call them to order.  "Men, we will have a good journey," he said, an encouraging smile on his lips. "We will keep the sails steady so that we will do eight knots a day.  That way, we will see the shores and our far away friends before long.”
That brought another round of cheers.  Then, as the men chatted, grinning all around, the captain raised a hand. "Now, let us get going, gentlemen.  We have much to do."
As the men dispersed, their leader turned to Marisa. 
"Come with me.  I will take you to the galley."
Swallowing her apprehension, Marisa nodded and, as the big man walked away, she followed.  She soon found that she had to hurry along.  For every step he took, she had to take two just to keep up with him.  By the time they got to the kitchen, she was panting.  The captain came to a sudden halt, almost making Marisa run into his back.  "Here's your new helper," he was saying, as Marisa righted herself.
All she heard in response was a noncommittal grunt.  She had no time to listen or ponder further because, before she realized what was happening, the captain had reached behind to pull her forward, out of the haven where she'd hidden, behind his back.
Too soon, she was out in the open, in the middle of the kitchen, and then the captain was turning and heading back the way he had come, leaving her in the hands of a man who she knew would be happy to add her to the list of persons he could bully.
But, let him just try it.  She set her face in a serious scowl, the strongest deterrence she could manage.
As soon as the captain was out of sight, the greasy, pot-bellied man jerked his head toward a huge wooden bucket in which pots and pans were piled.  "Get ye to work," he said.  "The pots don't wash theyselves."
With a resigned sigh, Marisa moved forward, the man's coarseness grating on her nerves.  She didn't know which was worse – the coarseness of his ruddy face, soiled clothing and unkempt hair, or his coarseness of character.  Who had ever heard of such a word as 'theyselves’?  The man was coarse, and most strikingly in his speech.
She got even more evidence of the cook's nasty nature when he began shouting at the lad.  For no good reason. The boy was busy minding his own business, doing his work as he had obviously been ordered to do, when the crude cook approached and began to reprimand him in the most raucous voice you ever did hear.
"Get ye going, ye lazy scoundrel.  It's a rebellion ye want me to have on me hands when the breakfast be late?"  Then, as if his rude reprimand was not enough, the man backhanded the boy, batting him over to fall with a wail onto the floor.
"Nay!  You will not abuse the wee lad!”  As Marisa screeched at the man, she rushed forward to block yet another intended blow with her body.
The blow landed, but this time it did not hit the boy’s body, but hers.  With a yelp of pain, she rolled away and out of his reach, but then she turned and launched an attack of her own.
Screeching like a banshee, Marisa turned to face the now shocked man.  Seeming taken aback by her defiance in the face of his brutal treatment of the boy, the bully backed away, his hands held up as if to shield his bulky body.
But Marisa gave him no leeway.  Still shrieking, she advanced on the man who was now obviously confused by the aggressive advance of someone he thought a boy, but one whose high-pitched shriek would be like that of no boy he had ever heard before.
Realizing she had the great advantage of having shocked the man into a state of complete confusion, Marisa grabbed for the closest thing she could find that could serve as a weapon - it was a wooden serving spoon, a utensil so huge and heavy that it became the perfect weapon to wield at the wide-eyed, newly-weakened warrior.
He was a warrior no more, not in the face of Marisa’s fierce snarl as she charged at the man, her weapon raised high, ready to strike if he dared make a move toward her.
He did not.  
With the yelp of a yellow belly, the man whirled and took off in the opposite direction, rushing across the room then tearing up the steps till he was up and out on the deck. “Cap’n!”  His shouts were a mix of terror and rage.  Marisa could hear his ranting, loud and clear, as he ran across the deck until there was the sound of stomping feet rushing toward him.
Marisa knew she was in trouble now.  The sailors would come rushing into the kitchen, ready to reprimand her in defense of the cook, probably even rough her up.  It was a terrifying thought, to be sure, but her action was justified.  How could she have let him abuse the boy?  Even so, her only hope would be to appeal to the captain.  She could hope he would continue to the farce and defend her as his kin.
But then there was something she had to do before the army of sailors arrived.  She rushed over to the boy who was still bent over, bawling.  She bent down and gathered him in her arms.  "Hush, little one.  I am here.  I will not let him hurt you."  Even as the words left her lips, she was praying.  What power did she have to protect the poor thing?  She could only rely on the fact that the captain seemed humane.  She would have to appeal to him for protection, not only for herself, but for this boy as well.  It was her only hope.
There was no time for further thinking.  She heard a commotion at the door of the galley and then there were men - two, then three, then five of them - tumbling in.
"There he be!"  The bellow was from the cook and, at his words, one of the men moved forward, grabbed Marisa by the arm, and hauled her up and off the floor where she was kneeling.
"Leave me be!" she yelled in the deepest bass boy voice she could manage.  "Leave off!"  It was no use.  Struggle though she might, she was no match for the burly brute whose grip on her arm was like a vice.
Another man made a move that made her suck in her breath.  He grabbed the wee, now wailing lad, grasping his collar and lifting him off the ground, kicking and screaming as he held him in his clutches.
And he was laughing.
The cruelty of the man, his mirth at making the boy squirm, so incensed Marisa that she was struck by a momentary madness that gave her the strength to tear her arm away from her captor.  It was the momentary freedom she needed to do damage to the boy’s tormentor.
With a warrior’s yell, she rushed forward and delivered a carefully aimed kick to the spot she knew was the most sensitive on a man's body.  As her foot connected with his unprotected groin, the man expelled a guttural groan and collapsed in a heap onto the floor, clutching his private part in obvious pain.
"Run!"
Marisa did not have to tell the boy twice.  In a flash, before the sailor even realized what was happening, the boy was dashing up the steps, Marisa right behind him, their mutual goal to escape onto the deck.  
They both tumbled out the door, falling on top of each other, and then they were running, the roars of the angry sailors spurring them on.
They were running, but where to? 
 But still, they ran, Marisa now ahead, her eyes searching desperately for the one man who could save them.
"Halt!"
The command cut through the air, cold and curt, one that brooked no argument.  It was the captain.  Of that, Marisa had no doubt.  Immediately, she slid to a stop, the boy running into her back in the process.
“From what danger do you flee?  Where is Cook?”
Marisa’s lips parted but no words came out.  And then she got no chance to speak.  The sailors, now back on deck, were tearing toward them.
“Halt!”  Like Marisa, the men pulled up short, babbling as they did, creating even more confusion as they began speaking all at once, their shouts and grunts a cacophony of confusion that drew a growl from the captain.
"Silence!  Thomas.  You tell me the story.  What is the cause of this?" 
"Cap’n."  Thomas was panting, struggling to get the words out.  He gulped and tried again. "Cap’n.  It is him.  That scallywag, he –"
That was as far as he got.  The cook had made it onto the deck and was hurrying toward them, his big belly bouncing as he ran.  "Cap’n, that scoundrel!  He threatened me bodily harm.  He is a danger to me, Cap’n.  He is a danger to us all.”  He only stopped shouting when the captain folded his arms across his chest and glared at him.
“What happened?”  
“He nigh killed me, Cap’n.  Only by the grace of God do I stand before ye –"
“That's a lie!"  Marisa jumped forward, determined to defend herself.  "He was abusing the boy.  I had to defend him."
"Silence!"  The captain jerked his head toward an older seaman.  "Bill, take charge of the boy."  Then he turned to Marisa.  "You.  To the cabin."  He looked over at the men. "Back to work.  All of you!"
His words were all it took to disperse the curious crowd. Marisa almost missed their presence.
Now, with them gone, it was time for her to face the angry captain.   Alone. 


CHAPTER FIVE

Byron could not believe what was happening.  In the space of less than a day, this vagabond boy, and intrepid trespasser, had succeeded in heaving havoc on his previously peaceful ship.  It looked like this boy he’d decided to protect was nothing but a troublemaker.  Now, he had a near rebellion on his hands - from his own cook.  And it was all because of this boy.
Well, if the boy planned to make himself a nuisance on board, he would put a stop to that right now.  He would not allow this boy, still wet behind the ears, to disrupt the operations of his orderly vessel.
The thought of the trouble stirred up by the boy made him grit his teeth.  When they got to the cabin, he flung the door open.  “Get inside,” he grated, while trying hard to keep his anger under control.
As soon as they were inside, away from the prying eyes of the sailors, he slammed the door shut behind them, making the boy jump. Acting harmless now, was he?  Byron was not fooled.  "What the hell was that about?" he snarled.  "Explain yourself."
He thought the boy would quail under close scrutiny, and especially under his interrogation, but there was no such reaction.  Slight in frame though he was, the boy did not show fear and he did not back down.
Instead, he drew himself up to his full height of five feet four or five inches and, eyes flashing, he began to speak, and none too softly, either.
In his high-pitched, almost girlish voice, the boy began to express his anger, his chest heaving as he spoke.   "This is all because of the cook," he sputtered and then he jammed his fists on his hips.
What the bloody hell?  If the boy knew what was good for him, he had better forget that kind of pose.  It made him look almost like a lass, and that would be the perfect recipe for those ruffians who wanted to show who was boss.  That was the kind of drama Byron did not need on board his ship, not if he wanted to have a peaceful life.
"I thought that Cook was the poor boy’s sire", he said.
 The wayward boy frowned.  "But that cannot be,” he said, looking confused.  “He showed no love for the lad.  He cuffed him for no reason."
Byron tilted his head.  A fair enough assessment.  Cook was not known for his gentility but, be that as it may…
He glared at the bristling boy.  "And what was that to you?"
The boy’s brown eyes grew wide, looking for all the world like he had asked the stupidest question in the world.  "I could not just stand there and let him abuse the boy, could I?  Suppose he had done more than cuff him?  Suppose he had pummeled him?" 
Byron did not bother to dignify that with an answer.  Clearly, the innocent did not understand the danger in which he’d almost placed himself.  Cook was no stranger to combat. Maybe a stern warning was in order, before the boy tried another such stunt.
"Do not ever do something like that again," he ordered.  "If what you see displeases you, or gives you a fright, then you come to me.  You do not take things into your own hands.  This is not a nursery, boy.  You could get killed.  Easily."
That seemed to have the desired effect because the boy’s eyes grew even bigger in his pixie face and his skin blanched.  Good.  If that would keep him out of trouble, then the warning was worth it.
"I…I…"  It looked like, for the moment, the boy was understanding his precarious position.  The fact that he was lost for words was an indication that things were sinking in.  And none too soon.
But Byron had heard enough and said enough.  "Silence." His tone was cold.  The boy, and the responsibility that came with him, had been thrust upon him and he was not happy.  Who would be, to have a whippersnapper, a troublesome one at that, in the midst?
"You may have meant well," he said, his voice still cool, "But, with your brash behavior, you put yourself and the young lad in danger.  For that, you must be punished."
The boy gasped and took a quick step back, looking like he was completely shocked at what he’d just heard.
But what did he expect?  He could not think he would escape reprimand, did he?  That would never do.  There was no way he would let his crew think that he had gone soft, not even for kin.
A proper thrashing would be in order.
He was reaching for the boy's arm, ready to pull him forward so he could be within the reach of his belt, when the cur bolted.  He took off like lightning, leaping over the tub and trunk that stood in his way, scrambling across a wooden stool and a low table, till he'd made it to the back of the room.
And there he stopped, having nowhere else to go, and so he turned to face him, the man who would administer the required blows.
"Come," Byron ordered, not the least bit surprised by the boy’s sudden flight.  Which lad would relish punishment, even though he knew he was wrong?
His patience wearing thin, Byron jerked his head at the boy. "Come," he said again.  “Let us be over and done with this."
"With what?"  The cheeky urchin demanded, his cheeks flaming red as he hung back, looking defiant.
"For your punishment.  What else?"  By this time, Byron had picked up the heavy leather belt that had laid, unused, for so long.  This day, though, it was due for some good work on the back of a boy who deserved a sound wallop.  As he looked over at the boy, he almost felt sorry for him, so small, yet so defiant.  Yet, even in the face of an impending assault on his slight body, he showed no sign of accepting defeat.
On the contrary, it looked like he was planning to put up a fight.
Byron saw when he quickly bent down to grab a boot, but he was too quick for the lad.  He guessed what the boy was about to do.  He wanted to throw that boot at him.  But damned if he would stand there and be brained by a rebellious boy.
He reached out and yanked that boot out of the boy’s hand so fast that he almost tugged him over with it.  It was only by sheer luck that the lad did not fall flat on his face.  Twisting his body, he fell onto a straw basket full of dirty clothes and linen ready for washing.
It was the perfect opportunity for Byron to grab the boy by the bulky coat he insisted on wearing everywhere.  Maybe it was his way of making himself look bigger.  Byron had no idea.  All he knew was that, this day, the boy would lose the coat.  He meant to give the whelp a reprimand he would remember, a sound thrashing that would ensure that there would be no repeat of today's performance.  For that, he wanted no thick coat covering every inch of the boy’s body as it was now.  No, what he needed was for his belt to hit bare flash.  Only then would the punishment produce the desired effect.
With that in mind, he grabbed the collar of the coat, intent on ripping it from the boy's body.
With the snarl of a wildcat, the boy launched his slight body at him, his fingernails flashing in the dim light, looking like he was intent on putting his eyes out.
Byron jerked back, quickly moving out of harm’s way, but not before witnessing a wild look of desperation in the boy’s eyes, not before noting how he clutched the coat close to his body.  It was the strangest thing, but the way the boy clung to the coat, as if for dear life, one would think he would risk his life before ever parting with that garment.  Clearly, he had some serious sentiments attached to it, like it was a legacy from some late relative.  His father, maybe?
Byron tried one last time to tug it free but when the boy’s fury turned ferocious, with him launching into a full frontal attack with teeth and nails bared, he gave up on the idea of parting the lad from his loved possession.  If the only way he would be able to beat him was with the coat as a shield, then so it had to be.  Fighting to free him of the coat was not worth the trouble.
But, coat or not, the boy would not escape punishment.  Byron grabbed a handful of said coat and hauled the brat up off the pile of clothes.  Before his captive could even catch his breath, he swung him around, tilting him off balance so he had chance to do naught but yelp as the first blow from the belt landed on his coat-covered behind.  Before he could recover, Byron delivered a second blow, and then a third, coat covered behind be damned.  He knew the blows were turning that rear end red because, by the second blow, the first yelp had turned into a squeal, then by the third, a screech.
The boy’s yelps turning more girlish by the blow, Byron almost decided to leave off.  The cries were beginning to sound too much like those of a girl.  That did not sit well with him.  A bully of a leader he might be, but he had never been an abuser of women.  Of course, this was not the case, but even the very thought made the bile rise in his throat.
His disgust at the idea stilling his blows, Byron gave a grunt and flung the boy from him, making him land in a heap on the floor.  He would probably have a bruise or two, but Byron wasn't worrying about that.  He had bigger things on his mind.  Because, for the life of him, the sounds of the youngster’s shrieks were too much to bear.  If this were a girl, he could understand.  But going soft on a boy?
Annoyed at himself, Byron gave a growl, stepped over the boy's body, and stomped out of the cabin.  His mouth twisting at a disturbing thought, he frowned as he walked out the door.
The sounds of the boy’s cries had stirred something in him, something he did not like.  It was something he would have expected to feel if he'd been witness to the suffering of a girl.
But this was no girl.
So, what ailed him?
This boy had succeeded in turning Byron's world upside down, in more ways than one.  If he were to survive the journey, he would have to avoid him as much as he could. But how to do that, if the whelp continued to reside in his cabin?
This was not good.


CHAPTER SIX

Thank God for small mercies.  Even though she was breathing the words between groans, Marisa was still grateful enough to whisper her relief as she gathered her bruised body and pushed up off the ground.  The captain had laid into her with a heavy hand and she was feeling the aftereffects of his rough handling of her person, but she knew her body would have suffered yet more bruising if it hadn't been for the critical part of her disguise, the thick coat that covered her body.
The coat was serving the purpose of shielding her slight, girl’s frame from curious eyes.  But, thank the stars, it had served a second purpose, that of shielding her from a thrashing that would have left welts all over her body.
Grateful for that small mercy, but conscious that she might still be in the captain’s bad books, Marisa quickly moved from in front of the door and over to a far corner of the cabin, just in case he changed his mind and came back to finish what he had started.  She wanted to make herself as inconspicuous as possible.  Maybe he would forget she was even there.  She almost rolled her eyes at the thought.  Vain hope, if there ever was one.
Still, she crouched in the small space between the table and the barrel and waited, her heart still pounding, her breathing still shallow.
It didn't take long before she heard heavy footsteps approaching the cabin door.  She held her breath, not wanting to draw his attention to her, not even with her breathing.  Had the captain decided to continue the beating?  She could only pray that he'd had a change of heart because, God help her, there was little she would be able to do to defend yourself.
The door flew open with a bang, almost as if he'd kicked it, making her jump.  She had to bite her tongue to stifle her scream.  Fear freezing her breath in her throat, she shrank down even farther in the crevice into which she’d crept, her heart pounding with each step he took into the room.
But, to her surprise, he did not come to get her.  In fact, he seemed not to even remember she was there.  He looked totally distracted, a heavy frown on his forehead, a tightness to his lips.
It seemed like it took some seconds for his eyes to adjust to the dimness in the room, and then they were searching the corners…for her.
"Where are you, boy?"  His voice was stern, demanding immediate response.
"Here."  Her voice sounded weak, frail, even to her own ears.  "Here," Marisa said again, doing her best to sound strong and brave.
On hearing her voice, the big man turned, and his glare almost made her regret having revealed her location.  Was he still so angry with her?
Frowning, he folded his arms across his chest, his posture seeming to confirm Marisa's greatest fear - he was still angry, angry enough to want to continue where he had left off. 
“You’ve caused nothing but havoc on my ship," he growled. "What were you thinking, attacking cook like that?"
"I didn't attack him.  He was the one who –"
"Silence.  Let me speak."
Silence?  How could she answer his question and be silent at the same time?  It took everything Marisa had, not to respond with a sharp retort.  But that would not do.  She was in enough trouble already.  So, as ordered, she bit her tongue and stayed silent to let him speak.
"You will go down and apologize to the cook."
"Apologize?  But I did nothing wrong.  I was simply defending the helpless lad."
"You will go and apologize, or else."
"But you punished me already.  Why do I have to –"
"Silence!"  He slapped his palm down on the table, making her jump.  "You will go down and apologize and then you will get back to work.  I do not want you lingering in this cabin longer than necessary.  Having you here in the night-time is trial enough."
Marisa glared back at him, confused, but determined to defend herself.  And what did he mean by saying that having her in his cabin at night was a trial?  Had he suspected something?
"Out!"
Marisa got no chance to debate that question.  Like the devil had decided to take up residence in the man, the newly aggressive ogre growled again.  "Out with you.  I spoke to Bernard and he is in the kitchen, awaiting your return.  And you had better be on your best behavior from here on.  I have no time for the drama that you leave in your wake.  Now, go.  Be gone with you."
He jerked his head toward the door and his glare told Marisa she had better go immediately.  So, she did.  It was not like she was eager to see the cook, but neither did she want to draw the captain’s ire.  Another walloping was not in her plans.
Pulling her ever-present coat closer around her, Marisa ducked her head down so, having to pass so close to him, he would not get a chance to get a good look at her face.  Her heart tight at the thought of facing the boorish cook, she bit her lip and pushed past the captain, now cold and uncaring…so cruel, throwing her to the wolf awaiting her return.
Where had he gone, that captain she'd reckoned would be her savior on the ship?  As she trudged her way back to the kitchen, she had to suck in her breath to stifle a sob that threatened to choke her.  What would become of her now?
Her heart sinking with every step, she finally got to the kitchen door.  There, she halted.  Then, screwing up her courage, she pushed in.
And there was the cook, that disgusting goon, the source of her misery and distress.  But, thankfully, this time he did not seem quite so belligerent.  Maybe the captain had cooled him down.  Calmly and serenely, as though nothing had happened, the man was sitting beside the boy, peeling potatoes.  It was a scene too serene to be believed.
Things became more believable when the bulky man looked over and growled.  "Get thee back to work," he snarled. "Potatoes don't cook theyselves."
Realizing that things were back to normal, Marisa sighed and walked over to the big, iron pot.  It was going to be a long day.  
***


The days and nights were now rolling into one and Marisa had begun to lose track of time.  Had she been on the ship two weeks?  Three?  It was hard to say.  All she knew was that this had soon become a trying and tiring existence.  Up at the break of day, trapped in a small space with a man who had made it clear that there was nothing but hostility between them.
And then there was the captain…so cold and aloof that Marisa forever felt frozen in a frigid fury that she could not understand.  The man seemed both enraged and distant at the same time.  Trapped as she was in his infrequent presence – as, recently, he'd taken up not entering the cabin until after she’d retired - she could only stay out of sight as much as she could, exchanging only the few words that might be necessary.
It was hard, this existence in the presence of men, while disguised as a lad.  How she would love to let her guard down, just once.  What would she give to forget the surreptitious ablutions when the captain was away from the cabin?  How she would love to lie in a warm bath and, for that moment, be a woman again.  Oh, to be clean.
And then, after weeks of waiting, weeks of hoping, the captain took her glimmer of hope and fanned the flames till they blazed, big and bright.
"I shall not tie you to the post tonight," he said.  "I shall spend the night on deck.  There is much to prepare.  We are well on our way to land."
At his announcement, a sudden thought leapt into her mind.  No restriction in the cabin tonight.  And no captain?  This was her chance.  With the captain absent, this was the privacy she'd been craving all this time.  This would be her first opportunity to dip her body into that big tub she'd seen him use.  She would sneak and do a good wash while he was out.  No more hurried baths.  She could hardly wait.
Fighting hard to wipe the eager anticipation from her face, Marisa bowed her head and nodded solemnly.  The last thing she needed was to give the captain cause to suspect that anything would be different.
Not long after his announcement, the captain departed, leaving Marisa to her long awaited solitude, a period which, he’d indirectly assured, would last all of that night.  It was exactly what she needed. 
After his departure, she waited twenty minutes, thirty minutes at the most, long enough to know that he was at the other end of the ship, as per his evening routine.  Tonight, though, the difference was that he had no plans to return…not this night, anyway.
In the stillness of the night, she went out on deck, bucket in hand, but in the direction opposite to where the captain had turned.  Quietly, but not so stealthily that she would draw attention to herself, she went to the big barrel of water on deck, the one reserved for the captain’s needs.
She was dipping the bucket into the barrel when a scruffy sailor walked over to her.  "Cap’n been out here, filling up already.  I figure he got enough and must be clean enough for today."
Her heart leapt into her throat, Marisa had to think fast.  She shook her head.  "Not so," she said, keeping her voice deep and low.  "I must have a small bath ready.  Captain’s orders."
That was all she said but, thankfully, it seemed to satisfy the curious sailor because he simply shrugged and walked off, leaving Marisa to fill her bucket and get it back to the cabin. There, she emptied the precious liquid into the waiting tub then went back to check that the captain was nowhere in sight.
Satisfied, she rushed back to the tub, where she hastily divested herself of her trusty coat, the shirt that swallowed her body, the breeches she'd stolen and finally, the undergarment that covered her entire body. 
Finally naked, and feeling totally vulnerable, Marisa shivered, partly because of the sudden feel of fresh air on her body, but partly because of fear, but she lost no time in dwelling on that.  Knowing that she had not a moment to spare, she swung her legs over the side of the crude tub and sat down, letting her body enjoy the long-awaited luxury of water washing over her legs.  It wasn't that she hadn’t found discrete ways to cleanse her body, but none had been like this.  The water, limited though it might be, was like a long-lost-love who had finally come home.
With a satisfied sigh, Marisa leaned back in the tub, the better to savor the soothing liquid that settled around her body but then, knowing she did not have the luxury of a leisurely bath, she quickly began to scrub at her skin, her mood mellowing with each cleansing stroke.
By the time she was done, she was all smiles, so fresh and freeing was the feeling of finally being free of dirt and grime. A soft hum on her lips, Marisa rose up in the tub and reached out to grab her shirt.
And that was when it happened.
She heard like something bumped the door but, before she could react, it swung open to reveal a big body boldly entering the room.  The captain was back!
With a gasp, Marisa lunged for the shirt, desperate to get it onto her naked body.  So great was her haste that she tumbled over the side of the tub and landed, panting and wet and totally naked, on the floor.
"What the blazes?  Who are you?"
Marisa did not wait to hear more.  The captain’s questions, shocked shouts that they were, rang out in the room as she scrambled to cover her body with the clothes she'd dropped on the floor.
The coat was her best bet.  She grabbed that covering so fast that there was a small rush of wind as she swept it up onto her body.
But it was too little, too late.
"Who are you?"  The captain growled again, and now he was all the way inside the cabin, a mere two or three feet away.
And then, the realization seeming to hit him hard, his brows shot up and he sucked in his breath.  "You!  The boy.  You are…a girl."  And then, as if finally understanding some sort of mystery, he began to nod.  "So, that was it.  Now I know why you…”  but then he shook his head, his look of realization replaced by a fierce frown.  "You are a woman.  A mere girl.  What are you doing on my ship?" 
Oh, Lord.  Marisa sucked in her breath.  The game was over.  Time to face the music.



 CHAPTER SEVEN

"Who are you, woman?  Speak."
Byron's shock was so great that the question he barked came out like a bellow.  What in blue blazes was going on?  First, he’d found a stowaway boy on board his ship and now this?  The boy was no boy, but a girl - a girl who had made a fool out of him.
His ire rising with each thought, Byron planted himself in front of the girl and folded his arms across his chest.  "So, what do you have to say?"
"I…" The girl swallowed.  "I can explain."
"I'm waiting."  Byron's tone was cold but, truth be told, what he was feeling inside was relief.  Praise be, he was not going insane.  From the first time he'd met the boy, he'd had this strangely protective feeling toward him.  And it was more than that, more than what one would normally feel for a lad or even a brother.  He could not explain it but what he’d been feeling whenever he was around the boy was something more than just protectiveness.  It had been bothering him no end, and that was why, for the past weeks, he had been avoiding being inside his cabin, except when the boy was sound asleep.  What he felt for the boy was more than he could understand…and now he knew why.
So, just then, what he was feeling was more relief than anger.  But that didn’t mean he was planning to go soft on the boy…or, more accurately, the girl.
“Well, explain yourself."  His bark made her jump.
"I…" she swallowed.  "My stepfather wanted me to marry."  Her fingers tightened on the coat hiding her body.  "It was a man older than he is."  She wrinkled her nose.  "And he smelled like tobacco."
"So, you decided to run away from your stepfather's home because you did not want to marry?"
"Yes...I had no choice.  If I had stayed, by now I would be married to an old grump of a man with yellow teeth."  As she said the words, she grimaced.  "Till death do us part."  She shuddered.  "That would have been a fate worse than death itself."  Then she looked over at him, her eyes huge and earnest.  "Don't you see?  I had no choice.  I had to run away."
"On my ship?"
"I did not intentionally choose your ship.  It was just the first one I tried."
Byron grimaced.  "Tried and succeeded."
"Yes."  She nodded.  "I'm sorry, but I was desperate."
Byron frowned.  "The thought of marrying was so distressing?"
She bit her lip then she nodded.  "Yes," she said, her voice tight.  "For me, it was."
"Hmmph."  Byron had no idea to what kind of man the girl had been betrothed, but he must have been an ogre to make her desire death over sharing his life and his bed.  Either that, or she was far too dramatic.
The enormity of the situation a heavy weight on his mind, Byron heaved a sigh and turned to the door.  He had to leave the cabin.  He needed some time to ponder this new predicament into which his charge had plunged him.  He needed time to think.
With a grunt, he pushed his way out the door and back onto the deck, a deck where he could be back with his crew, back with the world that he knew.
Later that day, even when Byron saw the disguised boy-girl among the men, he did not acknowledge her, neither did he go near her for fear his reaction would give something away.  How could he stop himself from staring at her all the live-long day?  How could he have been so blind?  How could he have been such a fool?
The soft bow-like lips, the smooth and completely hair-free face - they had seemed unusual in a boy, but then he’d dismissed the questions from his mind, convincing himself that the boy’s youth was the reason for his overly girlish appearance.
For Byron, it was a trying day.  He went about business as usual, barking orders at his men, recording the day’s events in the ship’s log, breaking up the usual fistfights and maintaining order on board.  But, for him, it was anything but a normal day.  How could it be?  That night, for as long as he could, Byron delayed retiring to his cabin.  Finally, long after the crew had gone below, leaving him with only his boatswain, he let go of the wheel and turned to go. "Thomas will relieve you in four hours," he reminded the man, one of the few he could trust while he was not on deck.  "Come get me if anything is amiss."
Still distracted, Byron did not wait for the reply. Even as the words left his lips, he was walking away, off to the cabin to face a female he would much rather avoid…because, with each passing moment, his awareness of this woman was increasing…in more ways than one.
The tension tightening in his chest, he approached the cabin, almost with caution.  Then, with a dry chuckle, he caught himself.  He was captain of a cold and even callous crew of men.  Yet, here he was, cautious about entering his own cabin…and all because of a little lass who looked like a lad too young to leave his mother's side.
Annoyed with himself, it was a scowling Byron who pushed the door open and entered the cabin. He was not surprised to find the girl crouching in the corner of the cabin, wide-awake and waiting.  He could guess that she was just as tense as he was, maybe even more so.  Now that she'd been found out, she was probably as fearful as a frightened filly.  What woman wouldn't be, cooped up in a cabin with a man she barely knew? 
Conscious of the fear she must be feeling just then, Byron grudgingly gave way to some sympathy for the girl. Relaxing the fearsome frown on his face, he sank down onto the seat by the door, and as he lowered his length onto the chair, he knew it would let him seem less intimidating, tall as he was in such a tiny cabin.
"We need to talk."  Deliberately taking the edge off his voice and keeping it low and non-threatening, he looked over at the frightened form on the floor.
Eyes big and unblinking, the girl stared back at him.  The tension in her taut form was tangible.
"Look," he said, with a tired sigh, “I know you're frightened. That's understandable but, rest assured, I will do you no harm.  I am not the man to take advantage of helpless damsels."
"I am not helpless."  The retort was quick and sharp, showing a saucy spirit that was surprising, under the circumstances.
Amused, Byron raised his eyebrows.  "My apologies, my good…lady."  It was alien to him, referring to the waif as a lady.  After all, not so long ago he was pummeling one he'd thought a rebellious brat.  Now, as his mind went back to the beating he’d bestowed upon the boy…no, the girl…, he gave an inward groan, regretting the thrashing he’d given him…her.
“Look, lass," he said, his tone resolved, "regardless of the fact that I found you out, I am captain of the ship and I am committed to protecting you till we reach the western shores.  Steady as we go, we will reach Canada in good time.”
"Canada?  The ship sails to Canada?"
"Yes.  Is that not why you boarded us?"
Eyes wide, she shook her head.  "No.  My intention was to go to the West Indies."
"Well, I am sorry.  For such a plan, you boarded the wrong ship."
As if the air had been let out of her, the girl sagged.  "Now, what do I do?"
"Were you trying to go to kin in the West Indies?"
She shook her head.  "No, I have no-one there."
He shrugged.  "If your aim was simply to escape to the colonies, then Canada should be just as good.  The people are decent.  Civilized."
She grimaced.  "But Canada is so cold.  All of it."
He gave her a wry smile.  "What do you value more?  Warm hands or freedom?"
To her credit, the girl showed her spunk with her next words.  "I’ll fight tooth and nail for my freedom," she said, "but warm hands to go with it would be nice."
That made him chuckle.  "Freedom?  I can help you with that.  Warm hands?  I'm not so sure."
She smiled.  "If all I can get is freedom, I'll take it."
As Byron gazed at the girl, he almost frowned.  How hadn't he noticed it before - her voice, the pink softness of her cheeks?
Was it the flickering light of the lamp, the golden glow, that was making her look so lovely?  Or was it the fact that he'd found out that she was female?  Byron had no idea.  All he knew was that he would have to get things under control, and fast.  Of that, he was certain.
Sobering, he gave her a stern look.  "We are in a serious situation,” he said.  "We are still several weeks away from our shores, weeks which will be critical to your safety."
It was clear that she understood the enormity of the situation because, licking her lips nervously, she nodded.
Satisfied that he had her full attention, he continued.  "Be very careful.  You must maintain your disguise.  For your safety, no-one must know your identity but me."
Solemnly, she nodded.
"When you are not in the galley with the cook, you must remain in the safety of the cabin.  I must be aware of your whereabouts at all times.  Do you understand?"
She swallowed.  "Yes."
"Good.  Now, get some sleep.  We have a long day ahead of us."  
That night, long after he could hear the girl’s soft sighs of slumber, Byron lay on his bed, wide awake.  He'd thought being saddled with an errant boy was bad, but it was nothing compared to this.  It was with a deep sigh that he rolled over, his back to the boy…girl…on the floor, and let himself slide into sleep.
After that, the days rolled into nights and the weeks into a month.  Byron could not believe how quickly the days seemed to be passing.  Was it because of the distraction of having the girl on board?  He'd been so focused on maintaining the farce, the threat of discovery ever present, that it seemed he'd lost track of the continual ticking of time.
And the journey had been incident-free.  He was grateful for that.  He was actually pleased with the girl, and the way she had maintained her distance from the rest of the crew, choosing to dine inside the cabin, only exiting to go on duty in the kitchen or to take a breath of fresh air while standing beside him at the wheel.  And those times when she needed to wash, he gave her full privacy, never entering the cabin without making her aware of his approach, never opening that door until she gave the agreed signal of a tap on the inside of the door.  All those times when it was his turn to wash, she retreated to her corner, back turned, studiously studying the cabin walls and humming, probably to distract herself from the idea of the nearness of a naked man. 
After those weeks, now busy preparing for their upcoming arrival in port, they both grew to accept the situation.
Now, although she still turned her back to him, the girl did not seem to be as nervous as she had been in the earlier days.  For that, he was grateful.  It had not sat well with him, thinking that he was feared so greatly.  Now, the tension in the cabin had begun to relax.  Finally.
When they were a week away from the shore, he began to relax his persistent push, now easing his hold on the crew, relaxing the reins so his second-in-command could take charge.
And that was how, for the first time in all those weeks they'd been at sea, Byron retired early and, the cabin empty, he sat on his cot and dug into the nearby trunk for a bottle of ale. He had been on edge all these weeks, and now, finding himself alone for the first time in a long time, he indulged in a tired sigh followed by a sip of the brew.
That sip brought another sigh to his lips.  It was exactly what he needed to ease the tension of his tight hold on his merchant ship.  He was grateful that the journey had been without incident.  The colonies were waiting.  His hold was full of the supplies they needed.  Now, the gods be praised, they were almost there, and he had not lost a single one of his sailors.
Relieved and satisfied, Byron took another long sip of his drink and leaned back against the pillows.  It felt so good, just lying there, letting his breathing slow, letting his mind go quiet, his thoughts sinking into the soothing softness of slumber…
***



It was a weary Marisa who walked back to the cabin long after the set of sun.  She was turning in later than usual but it could not have been helped.  Cook had asked her…no, ordered her…to stay back to help clean the galley.  At first, she had resented the command, ready to do everything in her power to resist the extra work.
And then she saw the face of her little friend.  Fearful and forlorn, he was lingering in the far corner of the kitchen, looking so lost, so helpless.
He was probably thinking that the laborious task would be all his and it was obvious that, at that thought, he was feeling overwhelmed.  Her heart touched at the sight, Marisa pushed her plan for departure to the back of her mind and went over to take the mop from the boy who had grown to occupy a place in her heart.
Immediately, the rebellious side of her gave way to the protectiveness she had felt toward the boy since that first evening she'd seen him.  She'd had every intention of defying the cook and marching back to her cabin, but how could she leave her little friend in the lurch?  She pasted a bright smile on her face.  "Come," she said quickly, before she changed her mind.  "We will work together.  We’ll be done in no time.  You'll see."
Her words seemed to cheer his spirit because he grinned back at her and gave her a nod.
After that, he was a whirlwind of energy, competing with her to complete each task, moving so quickly that she had to beg him to slow down.  Finally, when all the work was done, she made to give him a hug.  She stopped herself just in time. Instead, she slapped him, but gently, on the back.  "Good work," she said.
"Work he should have done ages ago,” the cook growled.
Marisa ignored him.  Instead of responding, she gave young Harry an encouraging smile then turned toward the door.  “A good evening to you both.”  With that, she pulled her hat over her head and went out.
It was a good thing her hat was on tight because, as she went out on deck, a brisk wind made her wrap her coat more tightly around her.  She frowned.  She’d been so tied up with the work in the kitchen, she hadn't even noticed that the weather had changed.  It looked like it was getting ready to rain.
She hurried along, wanting to get to the captain's cabin before the wind knocked her over.  More than that, she wanted to get in and freshen up before her cabin mate turned in.  Where was he, anyway?  Quickly, she glanced around.  The captain was the tallest man on the ship but as she scanned the crew, she could see him nowhere.
She didn't dwell on it but simply hurried along, shoving the thought of him to the back of her mind.  Right then, she had other, more pressing things to think about…like getting a quick wash and tucking into bed for the night.
Now at the cabin, Marisa pushed the door open and stepped into the shadowy room.  Even before she closed the door behind her, she was disrobing.  She had not a moment to lose.  The extra work in the kitchen had made her late by almost an hour so she would have to move really fast.  She had the coat off and was unbuttoning her shirt when she realized that something was amiss.  What was that sound?  Heart thumping, she froze.  And then she heard it again…a low…growl?  No, a snore.
Shock making her shudder, her eyes snapped over to the captain’s bed.  And there she saw him…big, bare chested, and barely covered by blankets.  And he was fast asleep.
Marisa gasped.  Then, not wanting to wake him, she covered her mouth with her palm, thus suppressing the sound of her surprise.
But this was much more than surprise.  This was a shocking turn of events.  The captain was already in the cabin.  How would she be able to bathe now?  She was still standing in the middle of the room, still clinging to her coat, when she saw it…a half empty bottle of ale.  Her eyes widened.  The captain was intoxicated.
And then there was another soft snort.  The man was snoring.  Marisa had never heard the captain snore before. But, then again, she was usually fast asleep by the time he turned in.
Maybe he was snoring because he had imbibed too much.
Marisa had no idea.  The fact that the man was snoring was the least of her problems.   The question was, how was she going to clean up with him in the room?
She crept over to her corner where she sank down, a soft sigh escaping her lips as she sat.  She'd been anxiously anticipating her ablutions, but the presence of the captain had pulled that plan apart.  She sighed again, disappointment making her groan.  She glanced over at the cause of her concern, a man so lost to the world that he probably would not have noticed it if she broke into song.
It was that thought that made her pause.  So, he was too addled and too deep in sleep to notice anything.  She blinked.  Maybe all was not lost.  If he'd sunk so deep in stupor, and was aware of nothing, maybe she could freshen up after all.
Her mind ticking at top speed, she began to put her plan in place.  First, she would gather all that she would need.  This would have to be something akin to a sponge bath.  She didn't dare do a full-fledged bath, not with him in the room, addled or not.  His soft snores reassuring her that the captain was not conscious, Marisa gathered her skimpy supplies - a small towel and a single change of boys’ underclothes, a welcome gift from the captain himself.
As quietly as she could, she used the jug to dip up water from the barrel, filling a small basin that could hold just enough to get her clean.  Then, her watchful eyes never leaving the sleeping form, she removed coat and shirt and breeches and then those blessed underclothes that had so faithfully hidden her body from view.
With her clothes gone, she moved swiftly, letting her guard down only for a soft sigh of satisfaction as the wet cloth touched her skin.  Brief moments later, she was drying with her too tiny towel then donning her one set of clean clothes.  Such relief.
At last, it was time to turn in…and not a moment too soon.  So weary, she felt like she would soon keel over, Marisa shifted the bed of blankets covering the floor in her corner and sank down on top of it, grateful that all had gone well with her ablutions.  Feeling refreshed, she sighed, turned her face to the wall and was soon lost to the world…
Crack!  Bang!
Marisa jerked up on top of her bed on the blanket-covered floor, her heart thumping in her chest.  What was that?  Suddenly, there was an ominous sound, a heavy rumble, and then she knew.  It was thunder.  They'd been hit by a thunderstorm.  Her worst nightmare.
A sudden flash of lightning made her clutch her coat tightly around her.  Fear flooding her veins, she began to shiver. The deep rumble of thunder soon followed, and it was all Marisa could do to keep from whimpering.
She'd hardly recovered from that second bolt of lightning when there came a third, brighter and more frightening than the first two.  She began to whimper in earnest, her childhood fear of lightning rushing in to overwhelm her, making her skin break out in a cold sweat.
Fixated by the phobia, she was staring at the darkness visible through the window, her breath coming in shallow gasps, her body shuddering with each rock of the boat, when another fearsome flash of lightning lit up the room with a light so bright that it was as blinding as it was frightening.  And then came the terrible roll of thunder, a boom that brought Marisa to her feet in a flash.
Without thinking, she dashed over to the big bed on which her self-appointed protector lay.  Desperate to dive under the covers before the next flash of lightning struck, she burrowed under the bedclothes, not caring that an inebriated man lay sprawled atop the bed.  On the contrary, she was so eager to seek shelter behind his bulk, so desperate to escape the wrath of the weather, that she threw all propriety to the stormy wind and simply kept digging under the bedclothes until she was fully covered.
"Uh, what gives?"
Marisa was so busy shivering and whimpering that she hardly heard the muffled, muttered words.  Like the big body beside her was her refuge, she clung to the captain, eyes shut tight, gripping his shirt with all her might. 
She heard a groan and then an arm was encircling her, pulling her close.  "Lass, little lass, there is no need for fear." As she clung to her protector, his softly spoken words soothing her fright, Marisa burrowed even deeper under the big body, taking comfort in its bulk, welcoming its warmth.
There was another fierce flash.  Despite her tightly clenched eyes, Marisa’s body jerked in fright.  An alarmed moan escaped her lips.  Cruel in its quickness, the clap of thunder came.  Caution discarded, Marisa burrowed even further beneath the big body shielding her from the wrath of the weather as it wreaked havoc on her jangling nerves.
"Hush,” Byron said. “You're safe now.  Rest calm.”  Right there, with the captain’s arms wrapped around her, his heart pounding at a steady pace, for the first time since she’d set sail on this ship, she felt like she was right where she belonged.  She felt like she had finally found her freedom.
Her heart swelling at the thought, she shifted her cheek against the soft surface of the captain’s shirt, drawing in a deep breath, relaxing as she relished the sound of his heart beating against her ear, the feel of his hard body pressed against her breasts, the smell of his male body as it sheltered her frailer one.  So, this was what it felt like, to have your body pressed against a man's.  She’d thought it would repulse her, make her retch, but this man's body was like none she could have imagined.  This felt calming, so secure.  It felt so right.
She lay like that, absorbing his strength, copying his calm, softening at his soothing stroking of her back.
Marisa didn't know when things changed but, before she knew what was happening, a sensation so alien began to suffuse her body, leaving her tingling at the captain's lightest touch.  Within moments of her realization of the reality that she was actually in this man's bed, within seconds of her awareness of their nearness, Marisa's body began to rebel against her wiser self.
As if controlled by a greater power, her body began to react in ways she'd never felt before.  Her breath tightening in her chest, she almost gasped out loud.  Her nipples suddenly tightened into hard nubs as if she’d just stepped into a pond of freezing cold water.
And then, something even stranger happened.  There was a sudden moistness between her legs, down there, in that most intimate nether region, a moistness that made her blush.  Shame making her redden, she ducked her head, only for her face to fall against a firm chest, her lips to lay against the body that was making her breasts tingle from the tips right down to her toes.  It was a feeling she'd never felt before.
The feeling making her frown in confusion, Marisa made to move, but before she could slide away, those strong arms she'd felt against her body were now encircling her, pulling her closer, into that safe haven she so badly craved.
"Hush, lass," the captain crooned.  "You are safe now.  Have no fear.  The storm will soon pass." The words were soft and soothing, exactly what Marisa needed in those tense moments, but even more wonderful than those words was the way the captain's hands were caressing her curls, maybe meant as a purely platonic gesture of reassurance but received by her rebellious body as a promise of pleasure to come. 
Yes, her body was being a rebel indeed, her breathing tightening in her chest, a sweet sensation making her squirm.  It was like her body was priming for pleasure.  It was like she was a violin waiting to be tuned.
Then, with the captain's arms comforting her, a new boldness made Marisa bow her head to lay her lips against the broad chest before her.  Slowly, tentatively, she slid her hands up to touch the button on his shirt.  For a second, she toyed with that button, hesitant to take the next step, but then she threw caution to the stormy wind rocking the ship and, sucking in a short breath, she began to do that thing that her heart so desired.
Heart pounding in her chest, she pressed her lips together and then began to loosen one button and then another, until she had bared that broad expanse of chest to her gaze.  Then, not quite knowing what she was doing, she licked her lips, all the better to soften them, and then she softly pressed them to the smooth skin.  She was gratified when she heard him groan, the sound a soft rumble in his chest.  So, emboldened by his labored breathing, she began to feather fleeting kisses on his body, so fine in form, so strong, so reassuring.
Sliding her hands up onto his chest, all the better to draw from his strength, Marisa tilted her face to touch her lips to the taut skin, so supple and so smooth.  And then, as if drawn to him by a hidden hand, she moved even closer still, until she was less than an inch away from his chest.  Then, heart in her throat, she closed her eyes tight and moved even nearer to nuzzle the nub of his nipple now exposed to her inquisitive caress.  As if she knew what she was doing, she began to tease him with her tongue, taunting with little laps and naughty nips, until she had her captain gasping his pleasure at her touch.
But she did not stop there.  With each flash of the frightful lightning, with each rumble of the rolling thunder, she grew stronger and bolder, determined to flee her fear and lose herself in this newfound freedom, this awakening desire to explore this man's body, so big and bare before her.
Marisa left off licking and leaned in to lift her lips to those firm ones, the sight of which made her heart flutter.  Dared she place a kiss on those lips?  It was what she wanted more than anything, but dared she be so bold?
Yes, she decided.  Yes, she dared.  Suppressing the sudden stab of fear, she pressed on, placing her lips on his rigid ones.
It seemed that, all this time, he'd been holding back…but not anymore.  Marisa had been the one to make the first move but now, with a groan, the captain tightened his arms around her and cupped the back of her head.  And then, he was kissing her, making her heart leap, making a sudden heat rise up her body, making the world turn oh, so fast.  She'd thought the lightning and thunder were the storm that would make her shake.  But, no.  It was this storm, the storm that was Captain Byron, that was shaking her to the core.
The sensation sending ripples up her spine, Marisa clung to the captain, kissing him back the only way she knew how, giving him her all as he swept her away in his masterful kiss.
The sensations, the sweet shivers, were like nothing Marisa had ever felt before.  And she wanted more.
Was this what it felt like, being loved by a man, surrendering to his kiss?  Was this what she had been missing all along? She was just a novice, true, but somehow Marisa knew that these sweet sensations could only come from one man, this very special man who was holding her in his arms. 
Yes, this man was different.  This was the one man, the only man she'd ever met to whom she had ever wanted to give herself, body and soul.  And she would.  This night, she would.  She wanted it more than anything.
As those strong arms held her, Marisa held nothing back. Right then, she was at the captain's command and she would relish every moment.
And command, he did.  Before she knew what was happening, Marisa found herself no longer in charge of the kiss.  The mobile mouth she’d claimed was now kissing her with a controlled fervor that spoke of pent-up passion.
She moaned when that masterful mouth moved away from hers, to trail tantalizing kisses down her neck, teasing and taunting, so fanning the flames of her desire that she was ready to give him all that he could ask.
Her nipples pebbling in her shirt, she arched her back so that she was pressed up hard against his chest.  But this time, she was panting, eager and bold, ready to explore paths she barely knew.
"Lass," the captain's voice was a low growl.
“Aye, Cap’n?”
She felt his body stiffen.
"Here you lie in my bed and you call me Cap’n?  My name is Byron.  Byron Treasure."
“Aye, m’lord.  Lord Byron."
"Byron will do."
“Aye,” she acquiesced, grateful that they had begun a semblance of a conversation.  Emboldened by his move to make her know him better, she decided to take him back to that place, to that time just moments before, when he had made her mind swirl more swiftly than the storm outside that was making the sea swell.  Slowly, but surely, she began to slide a hand up his chest, aiming to reach up so she could clasp the back of his head and make him move to cover her mouth with his own.
Her goal was thwarted when his strong hands moved to take hers in a firm grip.  "Lass, do you know what you are doing?  Do not start this fire unless you can stay till it dies down."
"Aye, Cap’n."  She swallowed.  "Byron."
Do you know what you are doing?"
"Aye, Byron."  It was a lie, which was against her nature, but she had come too far, too close to that place of promise, to turn back now.  She wanted this so badly.  Her body would not be denied.
With a low groan and a soft sigh that sounded like release, like he'd been holding himself in check, Byron's tight body relaxed against hers.  Then, with a firm finger beneath her chin, he tilted her face up till her lips were positioned perfectly to receive his kiss.
The next was a surprise, but one that made Marisa's heart melt.  It was a gentle kiss, close to caress, as if Byron knew she was a novice.  The kiss made her feel that, with this man, she would have nothing to fear.
And that was why, when his lips released hers to slide down her neck, even as the sweet sensation made her shiver, she slid her hand up to cradle the back of his head, to guide him toward that tingling part of her that craved his touch.
When, to her delight, his lips slid across her skin to capture the taut bud of her nipple, her soft sigh was one of sweet release.  When he began to sweetly suckle, the sweet ecstasy made her melt.  Her loins leaning into him, she clung to her savior from the storm.  "Please.  My Lord. Byron.  I want this so badly.  Please."  It was a hoarse whisper, a desperate plea for the pleasure that his caress promised.
"Are you sure?" He paused his suckling to turn his intense, dark gaze on her.
"Yes," she breathed, the breath catching in her throat.  "Yes, please.  I am sure."
His gentle smile told her he was pleased.  With an almost imperceptible nod of agreement, he went back to where he’d just given her pure pleasure.  None too soon, he was nuzzling her nub, sending lightning flashes of pleasure shooting up her body, making her tremble in anticipation.
The rumble of thunder outside was nothing compared to the rumble rocking her to her core.  Eager to assuage her hunger, as if she'd oft done this before, she reached down to begin unbuttoning his breeches, only pausing when he laid a hand atop hers.
"Let me."  It was all he said, but the timber of his voice was an indisputable indication of the depth of his desire.
But he was soon turning his attention back to her, loosening the buttons and baring her breasts to his own hungry gaze.  So lost was she in the lust-filled moment, that she had no idea when he divested himself of his breeches and her of her borrowed clothing.  She only knew of a consciousness of their nakedness, there together in the bed, man and woman totally bare.
She had just a brief moment when an embarrassed blush brought the redness to her cheeks, to all of her body, when he bent his head to capture her lips again, blocking out all thought except of him, his bigness, his bareness.
Mesmerized by his embrace, she mewled her pleasure against his chest, and then it was she who was doing the tempting, nipping and nibbling at his lips till he responded by putting her out of her misery, sweeping her up in the swirl of sensation with yet another kiss.
Soon, the kiss grew intense, the urgency evident in her frequent gasps, in his grip that tightened, in his body which hardened.  And that body of his, that beautiful body, was tightening in more ways than one.  She could feel it, hard against her leg, long and hard and throbbing, the heat of it making her moan.
She was moaning in anticipation…or was it fear?  She knew not which, but whether fear or anticipation, she would have this man this night.  Of that, she had no doubt.
Byron confirmed her belief when he gave her a quick peck on the forehead then moved his big body over hers.
Suddenly filled with fright, Marisa sucked in her breath and clenched her eyes shut.  Here it was, the moment she’d been waiting for, and she was trembling.  She did not know what awaited.  Pain?  Pleasure?  She could only pray it would be the latter.
She lay there, trembling, anticipating the moment, but when several seconds went by without a move from Byron, she relaxed her tightly clenched eyes and stole a peek.
He was there, his face mere inches above her's but, to her surprise, like hers had been, his eyes were tightly closed.
Marisa frowned.  Was he ill?  "Byron?"  she whispered. "What ails you?"
His only response was to knit his brows and shake his head.  When she began to shift her body, he shook his head again.  "Nay, lass.  Do not move.  I am so ready that I may soon spill it before we begin."
As ordered, Marisa stayed still.  It was strange that he would be thinking of drink in the heat of this precious moment but the last thing she wanted was to anger him.
When Byron released a soft sigh then opened his eyes, she knew that the tension had passed.  His previously tense body relaxed into hers and, as he relaxed, she felt when he pressed the hardness of one of his legs between hers, moving them apart, opening her to him.
Sudden fear made her feel like she should fight but, before she could put voice to her fright, he was covering her mouth with his own, cutting off the words that she would have uttered.

When she shivered in his arms, he pulled back and soothed her.  "Hush.  I will be gentle."  As he spoke, his warm hand was caressing her arm.  "Don't worry, lass.  I will be gentler than your last.  And I will not spill my seed like a ram.  You have nothing to fear."
Marisa's breath caught in her throat.  Had she heard right? He would be gentler than her last?  But she'd had none before him.  She had never been in a man's bed.  Appalled at his assumption, she parted her lips to tell him that, but he chose that panic-stricken moment to reclaim her mouth, cutting off her words, her moans.
And then it happened.
Covered by the bulk of Byron's body, made motionless by his weight, Marisa could do nothing but cling to him and moan.  Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain as he entered her.  She would have cried out, but she could not.  Her mouth, captured by his, kept her cry inside.  All she could do was moan.  
Frightened by the intrusion, she jerked in his arms.  Her grip on him tightening, she moaned her momentary misery.  She trembled at the unfamiliar feel of that foreign body, his member, buried in her loin.
And then he began to move.  He was so slow, so surprisingly gentle, that she found she was soon forgetting that fearsome pain.  Now there was no fear, her only focus on the feel of him filling that most intimate part of her being.
And then, deflowered and frightened, a heat began to rise, right there between her legs.  This strange heat, soon suffusing her body, her very soul, began to make her misery melt away.  Soon, very soon, all she was feeling was longing.  No, it was more like lust, a feeling that had her clinging even tighter, craving for more. 
Like he could read her mind, know what she wanted more than anything, Byron began to move again, his motion gentle but sure, until she was soon moving with him, mewling against his mouth, wanting nothing more than to melt into him, make him never stop.
It was the strangest feeling, this smooth transition from pain to pleasure, but she was in a sensational state, one she could not explain.  All she knew was that what she was feeling in Byron's arms, she'd never felt before.  It was a feeling she would relish forever.
The thoughts filling her with euphoria, when she felt Byron's movements quicken, she was ready.  When he stiffened in her arms, she held on even tighter, clinging to him as his body shuddered and shook.
It was that shaking that sucked her in, pulling her over the edge, making her plummet into a vortex so overwhelmingly wonderful that she lifted her legs to wrap them around Byron's waist in an abandon that washed away all her trepidation, all her fear.
"Lass, no!  Do that, and I will not hold."
His words sounded like a groan of anguish.  If her move had hurt him, she did not know, but there was naught she could do to hold back.  She wanted him so badly.  And so, she wrapped her legs around him even tighter.
"Aagh."  Byron's grunts gave way to a gasping groan and, to Marisa’s shock and dismay, he all but collapsed, breathless and spent, on top of her.  It was like the wind had suddenly been knocked out of him.  What in God’s world?  Had he fallen suddenly ill?
"Byron.  Lord Byron.  What ails you?"  Her heart leaping to her throat, Marisa started shaking him, desperate to revive him.  "Byron, wake up."  Dear God, had she killed him?  She shook him again.  "Byron, please."
"Hold, lass.  Don't move."  Sucking in a shallow breath, he reached out a hand to still her shaking.  And then, he was rolling off her and away, taking with him the wonderful weight of his body.
Involuntarily, she reached for him but, just as suddenly, she pulled back.  Who was she, to dare demand anything of Byron…Lord Byron?  She should not forget his position.  Nor should she forget her place.  She was a mere cabin boy…or girl…after all.
The thought of it, the difference in status between them, the thought that no matter that she was beginning to feel a fierce fondness for him, they could never be as one, made Marisa's heart melt in a morose puddle in her chest.  She had given herself to this man, freely and with little fear, but had it all been for naught?  Were they destined to be apart?
When Byron heaved a sigh then turned to look at her, Marisa could see that her concern was justified.  The look he was giving her was not one of caring.  No, it was totally contrary to that.  Was it anger she was seeing in the frown on his forehead, the tightness of his lips?
"We have a problem."
The words, said in a cool, clipped tone, were confirmation that there was cause for concern.
"We do?"  Marisa's heart tightened in her chest.
"Yes."  Byron’s frown deepened then he heaved a sigh.  "It was not my intention to give in to release.  My plan was to withdraw."  He drew in a deep breath, his tone somber, his look one of remorse.
Marisa's heart tightened.  What was he saying?  His intention was to withhold…his heart?  His love?
She was beginning to feel deflated, but then she caught herself.  She was being a fool to feel that the captain would deign to have feelings for her, save the sentiment of relishing a wanton woman in his bed.  After all, who was she, but a pathetic excuse for a sailor, a stowaway at-that.
Resigned to the futility of her fate, Marisa made to move away.  She was turning and reaching for her shirt when Byron's firm hand stopped her.
"Where are you going?"
She bit her lip, distressed that, after rejecting her, he would add to her shame.  But she could not remain silent forever.  She drew in a steadying breath, and when she spoke, her voice was firmer than she felt.  "I will leave your bed, sir.  You said that your plan was to withdraw from me.  You will not need to.  I will withdraw myself from your bed.”  Before you have the chance to throw me out.  Unbidden, the thought had flown into her head.  It was enough to make her want to abandon his bed as fast as she could.
Now eager to put distance between her and the captain, Marisa again reached for her shirt and this time she grabbed a fistful of the garment before that familiar hand clamped down on her wrist.
"You are going nowhere," he growled.  "Stop being a dimwit and listen.  My plan was to withdraw…from inside you.  Don't you know why?" 
Confused, she felt a pout and then she pursed her lips.  Why didn't the man make himself clear?  With a scowl, she pulled the shirt up with her free hand and covered her chest. Then she scowled.  "No," she mumbled.  "Why?"
The sound that came next was like one of frustration, annoyance and impatience all balled into one.  "Do I have to spell it out?  I was trying to avoid spilling my seed inside you.  Only a daft damsel would not know that."  A second after he said the words, he sucked in his breath.  "You did not know."  His voice sounded like he was in shock.  "You are an innocent.  Why did you not tell me?"  Then, without warning, he gave her a slight push and glanced down at the bed.  Again, he sucked in his breath.  "I was right.  You are indeed an innocent.  Goddamn."
Marisa's eyes widened.  For Lord Byron to be swearing, she must have done something terrible.
She swallowed and then quickly began to speak.  "I'm sorry," she said, not quite sure what she should be sorry about, but saying it anyway.  "I did not mean to do this."
She was surprised when he shook his head "No, I am the one who is sorry," he said.  "I am a grown man and I know better."
He raised up on his elbow and looked down at her.  "You know what this means, don't you?"
"What this means?"  All Marisa could do was repeat his words.  She had no idea what he was talking about.
He heaved what sounded like an exasperated sigh.  "It means, even now, at this very moment, you may be with child.  My child."
Marisa gasped.  "With child?  But…but, I have never done anything like this before.  This is the very first time–"
"It matters not."  Byron sighed again.  "That is why I was doing my utmost to hold back."  He grimaced and shook his head.  "That plan went out the window when you wrapped your legs around me.  With such sweet embrace, how could I hold back?"
"I'm sorry."  Marisa could have kicked herself, but how could she have known that what she was doing was dangerous?"
His next move surprised her.  Instead of reprimanding her, he took her chin in his big hand and tilted her face so she was forced to look at him. 
"You know what this means, don't you?"  His voice was quiet, serious.
Her heart thumping in her chest, she did her best to respond.  "No," she whispered.  That was all she could manage.
His hands tightened on her chin.  "It means we must marry. I will not leave you with child while that child is mine."
Stunned, Marisa could only stare back at him in shocked silence.  Then, his words really registering, she gasped the words out.  "Marry?  Child?"  Her head was spinning.  How did you move so fast, from cabin boy to marriage and a child in one night?  Had the now-waning thunderstorm addled his brain?
But then, slowly, as the situation began to sink in, Marisa regained her wits.  Soon thereafter came the wonder.  It was the surprise and realization that, in this sudden and surprising turn of events, her greatest wish had come true.
Regardless of how it had happened, Byron Treasure was hers.  There had been no declaration of love but this ship’s captain, this lord, would be her husband.
For that, she would be eternally grateful.
But now, the real question was, would she ever have the gift of his love?
Marisa gave herself a mental shake.  Why was she even asking that question?  It would be a seriously strange man who would find himself saddled with a strange girl and then turn around and feel any love for her.  She concluded that she should be grateful that the reaction had not been annoyance and even anger.
“The one night I indulge in strong drink is the night you decide to join me in bed."  Byron’s look was one of chagrin.  "Any other night, and I would have been in control of my body, of my desire for you."
"Your…desire?  You want me?"  The words were a tremulous, wishful whisper.
"What do you think, lass?  Now that I know the truth, you are not very easy to ignore…to resist."
Admittedly, Marisa knew but little about the ways of men, but at his words, her heart soared.  Byron wanted her.  He desired her.  There was hope.
But there was only one problem.  And it was a big one.  But it was one she could not ignore.
Marisa cleared her throat.  "Byron…there is something I must tell you."
"Yes, lass.  What is it?"  As Byron spoke, he was closing his eyes, almost as if falling asleep.
"I will not marry you," she said slowly, deliberately, "unless you agree to my condition."

That seemed to get his attention, because the previous droop of his eyelids disappeared in a flash, replaced by an intense glare.  "Condition?  You have a condition?"  His tone was hot, harsh, as if not believing that she would, or could, have a condition.
"Yes, I do."  Her tone was resolute.
"And what, pray tell, is that condition?"  The intensity of his glare and the tightness of his lips told her he was not pleased.
She could only guess that he thought her presumptuous to dare present him with a condition.  She began again. "If I agree to marry you –"
"If you agree?"
"Yes, if I agree.  It will be my decision, will it not?"
"Hmmph."  That was all Marisa heard and then Byron, her Byron, was moving away from her, rising from the bed and reaching down for his breeches.  Quickly, he pulled it on, then he stood by the bed, glaring down at her.
"You dare give me an ultimatum?"
Marisa’s heart tightened as she stared up at him, watching his face darken. "N…no, that's not what I meant."
"Not what you meant?  So, what did you mean?"
"I…I."  Marisa swallowed.  Now that it was time to explain herself, she had no idea what to say.  She knew what she wanted from Byron, but would he agree?  How could he, when it would mean a dramatic change in his life?  Maybe, for as long as he lived.
She was still pondering this problem, of coming clean and revealing her motive when, with a hiss of obvious annoyance, Byron swung away and reached for the shirt that lay crumpled on the bed.
"This conversation is over."  His tone was terse and terrifyingly cold.  “I want you out of my bed when I get back.”
“B…but I didn't…”
"You did enough.  I offered you marriage, and your response?  To defy me.  I can see it already.  This would not work.  Do not worry when we get to Canada.  You will have your freedom.  Till then, just stay away from me."
Before Marisa could say another word, he flung the door open, stomped out, then slammed it shut behind him.
It had happened so fast, Marisa had no time to react. Frozen, she stayed there in the bed, staring at the door through which Byron had departed.  Her Byron.  As the realization sank in, her heart sank, too.  He was her Byron no more.
Idiot that she was, he had offered her marriage and, with those few words, she had thrown it all away…just when she had begun to fall in love with him.
Now, she was banished from his bed…but she would be kept confined to his cabin for at least another two weeks.

How would she survive his ire, so close, in his cabin, but caught in a conflict of her own making?
She'd made him hate her.  What would she do now?

CHAPTER EIGHT

"Leave him be!"
Marisa's screech rang out in the kitchen as she dashed across the room and flung herself on top of the cook who was pummeling her friend with a frying pan.
"Leave him be, you beast!"  As she shrieked, she was pounding the cook on top of his head with her fists, but it was to no avail.  It was like the bulk of the man was a buffer that made him immune to her outraged efforts.  She was banging and pounding as hard as she could, but he did not budge.
And he did not pause in beating the boy on the back as he crouched down, his arms covering his head, trying to deflect the blows.
After punching for moments more, Marisa abruptly flung herself away from the tangle of boy and man and dashed toward the door.  She had to get help.  And fast.
"Captain!"  She flew across the deck so fast that within seconds she was pulling up short in front of the captain who was at the wheel.  "Captain, you have to come!  It's the cook…”  She clutched her chest, the panting choking the words in her throat.  “He's gone…mad.  He's hurting Harry.”
"What are you talking about, boy?"
"The cook…you have to come…he might kill him."
To Marisa's relief, Byron did not stop to hear more.  Before she had even finished panting the words out, he whirled and headed toward the kitchen.
"Take over, Will, till I get back."
He was halfway to the kitchen before Marisa could catch enough breath to run after him.  "Be careful," she called out as she ran.  "He's acting crazed today."
The words did not stop Byron's rapid strides, but she noted that his hand quickly went to his waist, as if checking for a weapon.  She was happy to see that move.  It meant that he would be able to defend himself in the face of this danger.
Both Marisa and Byron got to the galley door at the same time, but she halted to let him go ahead of her.  Immediately, he marched over to where the cook was still beating the boy about the ears.
As if the cook’s bulky body was of no consequence, Byron grabbed the man by the collar and hauled him off the boy so fast that he stumbled and fell over onto the floor.   The captain frowned down at him and wrinkled his nose.  "You reek of rum,” he growled, his disgust obvious.  "At this early hour?  The afternoon sun is still high in the sky."
"Bloody hell!  I’s can do what I want," the man slurred.  "I’s beholden to no man."  And then he coughed, dragging the back of his hand across his lips, his eyes bleary, his jowls covered in red splotches.  
"Enough."  The captain’s command seemed to pierce through the clouds crowding out the man's sanity because he suddenly blinked and shook his massive head. 
"What the –” He was peering up at Byron, as if he could not see clearly, then he pushed his fist up to his face to rub at those eyes with a vigor that made Marisa wonder if he planned to put them out.
But then she had no time to worry about that smelly mountain of a man.  Her key concern was her friend who was still crouched over on the ground.  She rushed over to kneel beside him.  "Harry.  I'm here.  You're safe now.  The captain is here."
At those words, the boy immediately turned his face up to the light, and as Marisa saw the tear-streaked cheeks, her heart cried out in sympathy.  "Come,," she said.  "You are safe now.  I won't let him hurt you ever again."
Harry did not hesitate.  He flung himself into her arms and clung so tight that, for a moment, she could not breathe. She was still holding her friend close to her chest when she heard Byron's grunt as he must have grabbed the cook, because the next thing she heard was the sound of a big body being dragged across the floor.
"Where are ye taking me?"  The man, who had been so belligerent just moments before, began to blubber like a babe, but Marisa had no sympathy for him, not after how he had abused the poor, defenseless boy who was in his care.
"A night or two in the dungeon should sober you up."  The captain's tone was devoid of pity, exactly how she felt.  And who could blame him for dumping the dangerous drunkard into the depths of the vessel?  It was infinitely better than dumping him into the sea, no matter that it was what he deserved.
As they went out on the deck, the captain called out to his men to aid him, and Marisa turned her attention back to the boy.  She soothed him and, with the men distracted with their drunken crewmate, she silently stole him out of the kitchen and offered him refuge right there in the captain's cabin.
It was almost an hour before the captain returned to his quarters.  By that time, Marisa had cleaned up Harry's cuts and soothed his bruises with cool rags and a quickly concocted poultice of dried leaves and oil, with which she had covered his wounds.
When Byron walked over to examine him, the boy flinched. "Be still, boy," he said gently.  "There is no need to fear me. I will not hurt you."
Eyes big and blue, Harry swallowed nervously and then he nodded.
"That's right."  Byron gave him a reassuring smile.  "Rest easy.  You will be safe here.  Your little defender will make sure of that."  He chuckled at that, bringing a tentative smile to her Harry's lips.
For that, Marisa was truly thankful to Byron.  Although she had tried her utmost to calm Harry's fears, none of her reassurances had had the impact of the captain's promise of protection.  None of her reassurances had made her friend smile.
But, even as she thanked the stars for the captain’s kindness, Marisa knew the moment of calm might be short-lived.  There was something she had to say, something that she knew might anger this protector of both her and her partner in their shared precarious predicament.
She cleared her throat.  "Thank you...Captain…for all your help.  There…there is something I must tell you.  It is about Harry.  It is about a promise.” 
Byron frowned.  "Promise?  What promise?
Marisa drew in a steadying breath.  "Remember that…condition…I mentioned in our last conversation?  The one that made you angry?"
His frown deepened.  "Yes?"
She heaved a sigh.  "This was it."
"This was it?  Explain yourself."
“My condition.  It was Harry.  I promised to take him with me, to keep him safe.  I could not break my promise."
For a moment, there was silence.
"Your condition was to include Harry?  To take him into the family?” 
Lips trembling, she nodded.  “Yes.  How could I leave him behind?  I promised.” 
Instead of nodding in agreement, Byron folded his arms across his chest.  “This was all about Harry?  Why didn’t you just tell me?” 
“I…” She shook her head "I didn't get a chance."
Her response did not seem to satisfy Byron because now he was the one shaking his head.  "What were you thinking?  All you had to do was speak up."
“You are not the easiest person to…dominate…especially when you are angry.”  She dropped her eyes as she spoke, expecting her words to further fuel his anger.  She had not wanted to do that, but the words had to be said.  The truth had to be told.
But, instead of a growl of anger, what Marisa got was a deep sigh of what sounded like regret.  "You're right," Byron said.  "I was angry and I let my anger get the better of me.  I should have let you speak.  I’m sorry."
“You’re…sorry?”
He nodded.  "Very."
"I…I don't know what to say.  I did not expect…"
"An apology?"
"Yes."
"Well, you are getting an apology.  From me.  Right now.  Will you accept?” 
She nodded.  "Yes.  Yes, I accept."
"And will you accept my proposal?  I would like to resubmit.” 
"Your…proposal?"
"You know what I mean."
Of course, she did.  It was just that, she was not sure he meant it.  She could not afford to take anything for granted.
"Do you accept?"
Quickly, before he could change his mind, she nodded. "Yes.  Yes, please.  I accept."
"Good.  That's settled, then.”
"It is?"
"It is."
"But…will we be a family?"
"We will."
“Are you sure?”
"Woman, stop questioning me before you make me change my mind."
"No, no.  I yield.  Right now."
"Wise decision."
Her heart soaring, Marisa turned to Harry who, the whole time, had been looking from one to the other, his brows furrowed in confusion.
He stared back at Marisa.  "I can go with you?" he asked, speaking for the first time since the captain's entrance.  "I can live with both of you?"
"Yes, you can."  Byron did not give Marisa the chance to reply.
But she didn't mind.  His promise was all she needed.  And he had given it.  It was a promise of a new life for her and her new brother.  Or would he be her son?  It mattered not, as long as Harry was with her and he was safe.
At the wonderful thought, she looked over at Byron, a tremulous smile on her lips.  “Thank you,” she said, “for taking in two new people into your life.  Thank you, from both of us.”
He smiled and lifted his eyebrows.  “Have you forgotten something?  Someone?”
She cocked her head, confused.  “Of whom do you speak?”
There may be three of you,” he said, his tone smug.  “In fact, I’m counting on it.”
And that was when she realized that her life may have changed for the better, in so many more ways than one. 
“Thank you,” she said again, “for bringing such blessings into my life.”  “Blessings back to you,” he said, “for embarking on this adventure that has changed my life…forever.”
Byron's words so thrilled Marisa's heart that she felt she would never descend from the divine heights she'd reached.
And then, to her heart’s delight, things got even better.  When Harry came over to clasp her hands with his little ones, she squeezed them. The circle was nowcomplete.  Now she could look forward to life with her newfound family, the promise of new things in the colonies.
She was probably with child.  Byron’s child.  In the colony of Canada, there was a brand new venture awaiting.  It would not be easy, she knew, but as long as it was a future with this family, she was looking forward to it.
Canada was calling.  They would soon see her shores.
Marisa could hardly wait.

AND THE STORY CONTINUES…
Thank you for reading.  

Follow Marisa and Byron:



Get Book 2 – their adventures in Canada:
Heart’s Treasure 2 
The Captain’s Willful Wife



And then Book 3 – their adventures in England:
Heart’s Treasure 3
Treasure in Trouble



Or, get the complete trilogy, Bks 1 – 3

Heart’s Treasure, The Trilogy
Books 1 – 3


Seduced by the Stowaway

Heart’s Treasure Book 1

Copyright Phoenix Publishing Limited/ Ontario Limited 2020
