Seducing Medusa

Published by Professor Mustard at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Professor Mustard

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

 This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold but may be given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please feel free to do so.  If you get anything out of it, please email the author at lukeimapoem@gmail,com, he would love to hear your comments and views.

This book is dedicated to my soulmate Mermaid, whom I cherish this dance with forever as the music plays from out your heart life is so much better with you, Mother & Father who taught me to do it with Love and if possible Style, son who I am so proud of and who is my greatest contribution and achievement to this planet, my Sister who I am so happy I picked to journey with this life and I love dearly, good friends, Adam, Brady, Michael, and John, you know you can find some of the most beautiful experiences in some of the darkest places, you each have earned my friendship a dozen times and have saved me from myself.

Discover these other titles by Professor Mustard at Smashwords.com:
Sound of Mind – adventures in schizophrenia, A Hole without Walls, Prison of the Gods - Your Mind is the Key, & When the Walls Walk Away



CHAPTER 1

On his wife’s battered space freighter, among the debris left from the Mon invaders, Gord, arriving too late, sifts through the refuse that makes up the hatchery.  The Mons who occupied it only a short while, gutted out the hulls, dismantling all the life systems so that now the freighter lays a wasted flame of leaking dark matter, a cemetery of shadows.  Signs of life once existing are in the hallways, the outlined borders of the crew’s bodies are burnt into the walls where the light detonated into shadow.  Their image burnt into the retina of the distorted chamber corridors, the only thing left to show where once was vibrant life, now entombed with a nameless headstone to mark the passage of their lives and dreams and accomplishments.  They disintegrated completely, in the grasp of space’s cold empty vacuum, everything the light touched, left exposed, inside the hollowed out compartments instantly died, vaporized.
Deeper in the heart of the ship, in the hatchery, broken hatchlings, pups, with their heads cracked open and their hearts, leaking yolks, lay scattered from off the shelves and across the floor.
On the bottom rack is a pup not quite cooked.  It sits on a bolt driven into the hatch and the pup is holding the hand of another puppy, who is immobilized and not yet aware.  Gord smiles at the last of his wife’s litter.  He breaks off a nuzzle from the main pipe and shakes it into a canister.  He examines the contents, it is orange blue yolk, mother’s milk.  He looks at the two pups and then back at the remaining yolk, doubtful, there is only enough for one soul.
“Do you want it all for yourself?” Gord asks.
The pup looks at his playmate and looks at the can, looks at his playmate and looks at the can, and a blue light clicks and he shakes his head no and returns to holding his playmate’s hand.  Gord smiles again at the little guy,
“Ok,” he says, “You both will have to share then,”
He pours the soul into both of their open hearts, the batter rising as he seals it.  Still no movement from the playmate, “Not quite finished,” says Gord, and he pulls a piece of clay off of the healthy pup and molds it into the other who now slowly awakes.  He reaches down and gingerly holds the two pups in his palms carrying them to the outer deck, where his light  radiates while they gaze at a view of infinity above and below.
Gord talking to the miniature figures in his hands continues, “This freighter is five miles long, yet now while traveling, its hull stretches over a distance of twenty million light years.  Time and space are bred in the dark, but the light, the crumbling edges, is where we exist.”
The pup opens its mouth in a silent ‘O’.
Gord lets the breath out of him and sighs, “How ironic that I, creator of galaxies, am now confessing my sins to a delicate, fragile newborn just created.”  The pup made of star matter, shines in a shimmering rainbow spectrum, then it blinks twice in red.  “Perhaps it is because you are so innocent and pure, you don’t know evil, you do not judge.  There are many types of hell, and the Mons are consumers of it, and they have my wife.”
“Those spaghetti faces,” blinks the creature.
Gord, fighting his urge to despair, smiles a little, “We got to work on your vocabulary.”  He stares off into space, “She thought she could make peace with the Mon, but there is no peace there.  They, a race born of char, are invaders from the murky sinkholes of space, they leave worlds, empty strainer holes, dripping, lifeless, burning destroyed rock of waste plummeting through space, fire in the sky, barren of even ash.”
He pauses to see if the immobile creature is taking this in.  It nods.
“They are evil scum.  They plundered our home world, burning through its resources, using the life to feed, draining it, to fuel their armada of ships to go to the next.  The Mon, deMons, even feed on themselves, always battling for power, but under the lash of a new leader, Sain, they, with unspeakable acts against nature, have grown very strong.  They rule most of the universe.  They are invaders, bred to fight, slaughtering our peaceful loving people, with bodies a fiery mass of muscle and bulk.  Cast out of hell they are the flame broiled cattle, coming in as many types and shapes as processed patties, they are called the minotaur, with fire in veins, and hot magma eyes.”
The little creation blinks and a blue light flickers on, then off, “I’m want smile tail,” it says.
Gord tickles it beneath its ear, “Time is growing scarce, a short definition you should know before we are cast out… We are bitter enemies of the Mons,” Gord continues, his eyes lost, searching the night’s maze of stars for answers to questions he doesn’t know, “We are Gel, anGels, more water-based.  Our bodies are more fragile but we are not the weaker ones.  We Gel can manipulate the water in our bodies, into different forms. Like how you were created.  Understand?”
The pup sits down crosslegged in his palm and nods its green button head.
“Do you know what the ‘yolk’ is?  In the center of each universe, the nuclei?  It, is incredible life matter, it itself is alive, it is our Creator, our God.”  The pup’s eyes open wide and it sucks its cheeks around its thumb.
Gord continues, his voice changing pitch and sounding like a memorized melody or song, his eyes tear as he sings to the abandoned deck’s bridge, comforting only himself, “Think of God as an ocean, and every living thing is a small puddle of the same ocean.  We all have water of life in us, even the tiniest insect or plant, we are like puddles of water who are walking in the desert, if just to appreciate God the Ocean more, and when we pass away our life blood flows out of our body and returns back to the sea of souls, our Creator, the Ocean.  From greatest to smallest,” he tickles the tummy of the Pups, “all have a little bit of our Creator in us.  Now when all of the water, all of the souls are together, forming one mighty Ocean that’s our God, Understand?”
“So when we meet another life form, the God in me bows to the God in you.  That’s where all life comes from and goes.  However, the Mon, how do I say this?  They have dammed the water of life, of God.  They block our souls from rejoining the Creator, the Ocean.  That is why we fight.  That is why they are so horrible, feeding off of suffering, they mutate and pollute the water of life.  They are demons and must be stopped.”
“Even the basic nature of our races, fire and water, fight.  We are natural enemies, we cannot exist in harmony with them, and neither can they with us.
“But we are different, we have consciousness and compassion.  Oh Lord, how many lives have I ended by snuffing out a planet here, Know how much life is in a single cubic square of dirt?  An infinity!  And I extinguished entire star systems!  Insanity!  How much blood is on my hands?  The ghosts of innocents, those I’ve turned into demons, waiting, pulling, to get their meat hooks in me?  Oh Lord, forgive me..  father, mother forgive me…”
“I need you to tend a very special garden.  Do not be afraid though, you will be in my house and you will never be alone, you now have each other, bonded together now forever, as I, your Father, am to you.  You are a puddle who can tap into an ocean, and will always stay connected to your missing half, friend you share a soul with, co-spirit, always alongside you, together you are whole.”
“I do not know if it would be better without knowing emotions…  but understand we all cast ripples, everything sends out vibrations, but I give you the chance to learn, and if you take it know that what happens to one, through a chain reaction of sorts, organized chaos some call it, happens to all… from small cell vibrating inside a man, to a man vibrating on a planet, and the planet vibrating in a galaxy... on it goes.  If you wish this, you will learn the rules, you will be responsible, a player, no longer an innocent, and subject to punishment and loss.  Do you want to know emotion?  To have a mind?  To love?  It is your choice, one I shall leave you with.”
The three watch, the puppies holding hands, they stargaze out the observation deck, as galaxies are consumed in the wake of the war, brilliant flashes in the sky, countless star systems, the wasted, are torn apart and forever vanish, yet also they see great exploding systems born.
“We are like god to the natives of these worlds, many species are captured, through much pain, such incredible terrible pain!  Some are altered into death machines some go extinct, all suffer.”
Gord, replays the memory and watches again, tears inside his eyes burn anew, as his brothers are slaughtered and his Queen, Even, on a mission of peace, is surrounded and captured by the frigate destroyers of the Mon brigade.  The Living Universe  makes changes to intercept, but Gord can only hear the laughter of the Mon in deep space, laughing at his wife’s tormented screams, as they force her to swallow several suns, and infect her with their flame.  Gord, watching his wife die and become part of the infection, smashes his fist down snapping the countertop.  She has a wound that will never heal, and now she is spreading the festering disease.
Too late, he picks up the tiny stars that once made up her eyes, looking at her, as she looks deep and lovingly at him.
“Bye my Love, I can no longer exist,” she whispers.
“You will not die, you will heal from this,” he says crying.
“Oh my thorn, now alone on an empty rose stalk, there is no flower left to flourish, but still you protect the idea of the flower.  This petal falls further then the wind can carry it.”
Gord must isolate her, her touch is poison, and they both know it.  She cries as he leaves her embrace.  “You must cast me out, my Love,” she says, “My thorn..”
“You, my rose, I will not rest until you are free in my arms again!  There is no known cure, but I can stop it from spreading, I can draw the poison out into me, I can do that much. I will send you to the outside of the Universe, but I cannot go, for it is inside my body.  I must hurtle you through the stars, in slumber, till the day when you will awake.”
The prison he constructed for the Mons, he now uses on his wife.  A new living cell, a new substance of sentience, a living tree, whose wood can hold a spirit, capturing it in the prison of gods, where they stay in hibernated sleep.
In such a way he captures the spirit of his wife, Even, in a mystical tree.
Gord turns to his two garden tenders.  “You can have anything you desire, except, do not eat the fruit of Even, it is tainted,” he tells the two with eyes alight and dimples winking.  He withdraws his knife, a black thorn, from its scabbard, “remember we always have a choice” he says, “even if it’s just to open our eyes, or take a deep breath.”
“Now I must apologize beforehand…”  His voice trails off with a sad smile, and he swallows the prison tree seed with his wife’s yolk.
Gord holds the blade up then shoves it with force, puncturing his chest.  Pushing the blade, he slowly inches it deeper until leaning forward, in agonized breath, his face, a mask of torment, relaxes and a small sigh escapes his lips as he falls over, dead.  The blood seeps out in a pool from the dagger in his heart.
Something besides lifeblood spills out, some cloudy form, a black sphere swirling, the sickness he swallows from his wife’s veins, the Mon’s poison that will have killed her, but now will ultimately destroy this end of the universe, leaving rotting worlds choked off, and continuing to spread until it eats the heart of each system out.
It grows big and bigger, consuming; the edge of it crumbles wider and as more items fall inside its swallowing mouth, pockets of fire ignite all around and it begins twirling like a cyclone.  Spiraling, the dark fiery mass explodes out of his chest.
The little pup replays their creator’s words to his soul mate, “I will send you to the outside of the Universe, but I cannot go, for it is inside my body.”  Then, “I must hurtle you through the stars, in slumber, till the day when you will awake.”  The pup reaches out and they hold hands.  They step down together.
As the room compacts around them, shrinking, imploding, they both walk across the counter and, with a slight hesitant pause, step into the chaotic mass growing out Gord’s chest, the first beings to enter the doorway to the outside of the universe, poisoned before it ever began.
As the stars zoom by, from deep within, the pup listening to the heart beating hears a mystical voice rising, “You must follow the Light.  Chase it.  Chase the Light.  You must chase the Light.  Chase… the Light….  Chase… Light….  chase Light… chase.... Chase…”
“Chase?” shakes Moon, “Chase wake up!”

CHAPTER 2

 “Chase, Chase!  Chase, I have to go to yoga, you need to get up, you promised, remember?  Let’s see how did you say it? “Shackle my treasure tail to your war vessel”, the way you phrased your marriage proposal in Klingon, and Yes, my answer to your question, by the way.  Ha!  You’re such a dumbass!”  He hears laughter and smiles through the window of pain, before sleep pulls him back down, a naked lamb chained to a mountain train.
A parting vision, it is of the goose waiting for soup, talking to a pathologist in a suit behind a desk cubical, she repeats again, “If there is a fly in my soup I shall say, in a dignified voice, “You’re Quackers!” and if they wish me to deliver eggs they must serve me crackers!  I don’t want eggs!  I want world peace!” and Chase awakes from a long distant dream.
He was given a mission, a mission of greatest importance, to save…  save… what?  It’s forgotten, he remembers seeing screaming faces in the spreading darkness ignite in the wake of the retreating light.  The whole cosmos yielding in desperate need of salvation, in great pain, something only he can do to save them, an atom bomb of urgency ticking in impending doom,  groping hands pulling at him to rescue them, crying anguished pleas, save… or else… or else… what?  it’s gone.  Chase finds himself inside the comfort of his economical sized two bedroom apartment.
An alarm is ringing, the same one, he has the vague recollect, piercing his dreams hours ago, becoming the background soundtrack to his nightmare.  The screeching picks up speed and shrieks into his bloated overloaded sensory drive.  His mind, on fire, is overwhelmed processing a mammoth hangover with amplified awareness of other invading sounds, of roosters and crows giving sermons from rooftops with microphones, before turning into T.V. static.  Shapes cling to the ceiling and stick like peanut butter pancake batter in his sight.  The bright light coming in through the window pane shines in a kaleidoscope of colors that he recoils from as if it is a giant roach-woman searching for love, antennas rapidly frisking him, pulling him in her and sucking clean his insides, in the dark and savage corners of his mind.  Objects in his vision cascade and dance, banging, shrieking, yelling, mockingbirds, scaring the train conductor as he blows the whistle, the shadows crawl rapidly back up the walls, the pain is too intense for him to ignore, he needs desperate relief.
He rows an aircraft carrier through his ear canal, flooding the sewage grates deprecating up out his suffocating head, wishing to board her, the kamikaze swarm of flies puncture his swollen bloodshot eyes, seeing his room’s objects disintegrate into ash, the final nuke explodes, his ship drowning in a typhoon redeemed unsalvageable, he shipwrecks into the siren’s rocks.
His fingers push into his temple sinking into his brain, to break in and pull it out.  He yanks the cords connecting the back of his brain to the alarm clock, fumbling for them on the floor, he, successfully rips every plug from the wall outlet out, as the ceramic desert mosaic style lamp goes crashing down and shatters into twenty pieces.  The buzzing stops abruptly.
His migraine hangover headache is a torture he, with his own unaided will, cannot endure alone.  He needs the help of something higher, or more immediately, some drugs.  He rolls onto the floor now, swimming over the industrial carpet of dirty clothes and boxes of books, all types of poetry and spirituality, of Zen masters, religion and witch craft,  voodoo, and parenting and trashy romance, animals, druids, mythology, knocking over the latest one, Birdhouse Blueprints, his plan to build birdhouse condos all along the roof of the complex.  His heart racing in survival mode, now he hunts the top of his night table knocking everything over ripping the drawers open, searching for the white plastic bottle with burning red top, till finally he, struggling with the child proof safety top takes a handful of pills and waits for them to kick in, thinking ‘Oh my God this is bad, the worst ever’ he tries to remember and can only think of Star trek, why?
The last thing he remembers is being in charge of his girlfriend’s sister, Hailey.  It was a costume party and he had dressed up, last minute, very badly, as a Klingon in Star Trek.  His mission was to ‘keep Hailey happy and away from her ex - Jack’, and boldly go where no man has ever gone before.
He remembers sticking very tightly to the costume party code and throwing himself into the role.  The stupid Klingon translation book he had stuck to all night, might have been a little over the top, perhaps really annoying to others, but for a moment of time, he was more then an ordinary man, he was a representative of star council high command, a Klingon, on a mission of peace to pilot the Vulcan cruiser across space into the depths of deep oblivion.
He remembers up to the point of playing an intense few games of quarters, and standing on top of his chair and lightly pelting his girlfriend Moon and her other friends with change to make it hail, not rich enough to rain.  He remembers calling Jack a dickhead and telling him to go fuck himself, an insult made doubly worse, in his mind, by his perfect pronunciation of each word in the Klingon tongue, something he felt was lost on the crowd but is a lot harder than one might think, but the point was made with fists punching into faces and then his masterful stroke of genius when the cops arrived, of quickly switching costumes from Klingon to a cheap mask of Treebeard, the walking and talking tree, saying great pick-up lines like ‘Got Wood?’ and ‘You’re not sinning if the fruits not forbidden!”  and “You’re apples, I’m oranges, and together we make a perfect pear.’ and scurrying out the back door, with Hailey, to meet up with the main group back on their home ground at the Morgue, their local bar, where Moon  works at.  The rest of the evening is blacked out and remains even more shady and evading.
From out of his room he hears ‘Dancing with Wolves’ playing on the TV again.  Chase, the director, takes the last two coffee biscotti cookies from his hidden stash in his sock drawer, and goes out to practice lines with Magnolia their actress in training.  The biscotti are heavenly and he savors the first bite, as it fills him with joy but then it leaves an emptiness, and his fiend cries out in wait for the next bite to fulfill his taste buds dark power, satisfaction never complete.
He gets ready for his role as a Native American brave as, laying on the carpet, propped on elbows, smiling in her bunny pajamas, long hair disheveled, is Magnolia his friend.
“Squall, me seek Moon, howl howl”
“How how?” says Magnolia, suddenly very serious and in her role, “She out yoga, with master Yoda, uh… medicine man.”
 He nods, she is at yoga practice with Drew, the Star Wars nutcase.
“Me hungry need biscotti.” She rubs her tummy maintaining a stern face, and motions in the shape of the biscotti with her hands before solemnly placing them over her tummy.  “Got you?  Give me!”  she motions again towards his biscotti then pretend places it in her mouth.
“One in hand worth two in bush,”  he says proudly nation warrior, non-committal like, his own belly protesting in hunger,  the fiend inside urging him to devour the biscotti, but against his will he tosses her the last one.
She growling low, grins showing teeth and acknowledges his gift with a tight lipped wagging snarl.
“I really think your body language, tone of voice,” says Chase, “and facial expressions have greatly improved in your training.  What is the next audition for the Little Village Theater?” he asks.
She solar beams, “Next one in three days, I’m going for the drunken pirate wench whore.”  She sees his smile, “Shut up.”
“Oh wow!  That should come very naturally, practicing a long time for..” he notices her pouty eyes and laughs, “That’ll be a stretch huh?  Sounds like a lot of fun.  Let me know if you need practice.”
She is smiling again rocking back and forth in her bunny pajamas.   Grinning at him she chews the biscotti, dazzling her full set of white teeth, and natural rash make-up wiped clean, and turns back to the TV.  “As how many times I have offered my services to you, you never want to jump my bones, Moon must have a spell on you, gonna give me a complex.  Nevermind I find you ugly as fuck, and very unattractive and unappealing but that almost makes it worse, you know?  What is it her spiritual ‘third vagina’ she is always talking about?”
“That’s usually called ‘third eye’ and its no discredit to you.   You are smoking hot.  Just my dog loves her.”
“Stain does follow her everywhere, I never thought about it but maybe it’s because of her animal magnetism, or maybe her scent?  I mean if she can get a dog to follow her like that think of what she could do to a guy.  I’m going to ask her.”
Chase painfully yawns holding his head together, “Know, why do so many people always think about sex so much?  It is layered in my thoughts, woven in.  Think enlightenment is not just a freedom of fear but also of sex and lust?”
Magnolia shrugs, “I don’t know, you’re the philosophy major, maybe it’s in the packaging?” and then her eyes roll up in thought, “Girls love packages, big ones!  But like if the package is small, it better cost a lot.”
“Well if I must have lust, let me feel the energy and be attracted to the whole world, not just a select few.  I mean, no exclusions.  I want to be in love with every person, each tree, feel the heart pounding rush from every bird and every bee.”
“But we all give off different vibes, it’s built in, the packaging is what I’m trying to say.  I do not think you have a choice, but sex can be a beautiful experience, where else is such wild energy released, completely natural, you know?”
“Only thing worse than how society caters to big boobs in tight pants is how some people spend their whole lives to build the biggest tomb.  They are so preoccupied with death that they never live,”   he switches topic back, “Let me know if you want group support at your audition, I can cheer for you.”
“You mean laugh at me, but still Pirates cast is a lot better then the senior citizens role, being old, with balding stringy hair and prune faces really kind of scared the crap out of me, but a big name producer was there and I saw him looking at me, I only had the part with slurping up the oatmeal but...”
“Eye eye, me matey, throw ye self into this role and we’ll see you on the movie screen.”  Proclaims Chase and in a half drunken stupor, he swaggers to the bathroom.
The rising sun quarrels with the retreating haze as the dawn, hung over from the night before, raises its head above the toilet and vomits out the day.  Chase opens the medicine cabinet behind the mirror.  He feels as if he is reaching beneath his reflection, looking deeply within.   He finds an empty dental floss cartridge, a canister of furniture polish and Moon’s voodoo doll she made of him.  The doll is brushing his teeth and has a smudge of toothpaste on its cheek and Chase realizes, looking in the mirror, so does he and wipes it off his face.  He searches for a t-shirt that does not reek of cigarettes, the soap bar has butts stuck in it, empty bullet shells shot in war the night before.  He stares hell in the face and realizes it’s his own.
Slowly running hot water over his bruises, he cannot remember how he got so beat up.  Awake only in the sense of eyes open, Chase sees the sticker on the mirror.  It reads, “Boy am I glad to see you!”  He smiles when he sees it; it is a gift from his girlfriend, Moon, her addition to the bath décor.  Memories take him to the edge of hysteria, laughter pours out the sink faucet.  He can turn it off, but there is always a leak dripping somewhere.
Chase pulls a tie out from last week’s pile in his bedroom.  It reminds him of a noose as he slips it on.  It always reminds him of a noose.  He keeps the knot in place.  His Father had tied it for him, knots are not his thing. He never learned how to tie one.  His Dad used a similar knot to hang himself with three years ago.  Chase, for a brief moment, cracks open the door to his heart and feel’s his Dad’s last moment alive, ‘I hope to God one free of pain,’ he prays,  ‘I hope to God a leap off the chair and into freedom’.
Glancing at the clock, Chase sees the day started without him.  Today, after weeks of unsuccessful job resume submissions, he has decided to swallow his pride and go to QueenBurger for a job, promising himself he will get severely stoned and drunk when he returns.  A star he will earn.  A badge he will wear.  It will be mission accomplished, a major achievement, if not a good use for his degree in philosophy.  Unemployed these last five months, it has been a tough job staying constantly drunk.
Magnolia catches him in the hall.  “Want a toke?”
“I really shouldn’t, gonna apply at QueenBurger, you know?”
“Then you definitely need this, just relax, I mean you are going to the Butchers Den.  Know all about how they store and kill their cattle?  Now you’re the cow, and they’re hungry.” She smiles and raises her eyebrows.  “We’re going to devour you if you let us.  Take a toke and you can channel your Mother’s earth spirit and you will be granted powers.  Like.. have you ever watched the Power Rangers?”
Chase looks at her, sighs, and reaches for the pipe bowl out of respect for the goodwill it is offered in.  A peace puff.  He puts it to his lips and inhales deeply.  He feels his spirit take a step back out of his body and fall away.
“It’s like you fight in pajamas against the moment before sleep takes you.  You know?  I mean free the whales or change the freaking channel already, right?”  She continues talking, and he realizes she never stopped.
Chase nods.  “Thanks my friend,”  he sees now what was hidden from him sober, Magnolia just flipped his switch.   “It’s good to be back.”  Monkeys fly in the window chattering.  In the hot fire of the sun’s loins, feeling their dance, their emasculate ecstasy, he sees the wards he placed so carefully on his mind’s doorway fall away, shot dead.  Some doors should never be opened, some questions never answered.  He rises to get a beer.
“Go get them champ,” Magnolia says and Chase reaches into the fridge, moldy, virtually empty, but finds two beers from the back, and pulls them out like a dentist yanking two rotten wisdom teeth out with pliers from a bacteria infested mouth, he sighs, his Dad had been a dentist.  He writes a small posty note in mind to call his Mother up sometime.
He pops the tops, hands Magnolia one, and tilts his back.  After a little while he goes to get another beer and realizes he drank the last one.
“Man I need more beer,” and the cog in his head turns, “but I have no money,” he frowns, drawing disappointing conclusions, “but I’ll get a job!”  Yes, he rationalizes, three moves ahead, Yes, he’s already sipping a cold one on the futon, this is the answer to his problem.  “But where should I apply?”  Coming full circle, he remembers “Oh yeah, QueenBurger!”
“Right!”  Eyes, ripe tomatoes, he grabs his keys and takes off down the runway.
In the parking lot a homeless man stumbles toward him with a scrawny twitching female, who is making hoarse gluten noises.  The man, face disheveled, translates for the girl jittering on crack beside the man, “She says she will give you a blowjob for a donut.”  Bruised and with mud clogged hair he bows his head down, Chase gets his first good look at the man, who is rapidly suffocating air in wheezes.
“Ok, thanks,“ Chase says and starts rolling up the window.  The man looks reluctant to continue, then his eyes go wide and his hands shake, and in an agonized bark, his face contorting in a scream, he yells “SHE NEEDS A FUCKING DONUT!!” so venomously that Chase jumps in his seat.
It looks like the man is having a heart attack, with strings of snot hanging from his nose.  Chase reaches down to the glove box and removes a Rice Crispy Treat.  He throws the Rice Crispy Treat out the small space of the window in the girl’s direction.  The man, her pastry pimp, looks on in disbelief as Chase’s car reverses, fast.  In rage the pastry pimp charges, shaking his fist, calling out to Chase in a violent stream of curses, before giving up to a slow jog in the rearview, still screaming as Chase turns the corner.
At QueenBurger Chase waits in line.  There is a bell on the counter next to a small sign that reads, “Ring if you enjoy our service.”
“It’s the doorbell to God,” says a mysterious man in the shadowed corner.  “This is how angels get their wings, buffalo wings that is.”
Chase hesitates then rings the bell three times and realizes it is very fun and somewhat freeing.  He rings it twice more.
The cashier smiles, her eyes like far off watch towers, and puts her hand on top of the bell.  “We get it, you’re happy with our service, thanks.”
His turn.  “Excuse me,” Chase says, “I only eat meat that died of natural causes.  How is that labeled?”
“I couldn’t tell you how the cow died, most likely it was a very gruesome and painful death,”  the cashier says and smiles, showing her teeth.  She looks dead herself.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.  Curious, do you bludgeon them to death?  Electrocute?  Strangle?”  Chase stares at her hands.
“I do not think it is that personal. Probably an automated machine.”
“Like machines that make millions of Styrofoam #1 fingers?”
“No.”  She’s already gone, checking out the next in line, continuing the search for her cure.  “Would you like something else?  We have salads.”
“Of course she does,” Chase says before realizing he is talking aloud.  “Actually I am here for a job.” Chase indicates at the “Help Wanted” sign on the door.
“Of course you are,” says the cashier, Chase can hear her thoughts like spaghetti with no Ragu, it’s just plain noodles.  “..then I will extract my revenge…,” her thoughts say, “… in the vinaigrette salad dressing..”.  Chase takes the application and sits down.
The pen twiddles in Chase’ hand.  He studies the crisp employment application.  “Give me your meat,” Says the majestic voice again.
“Who are you?”  asks Chase.
“I am Ronald, your King,” Says the voice coming from everywhere at once.  “Who will you serve?”  he asks.
“What?”
“We serve Billions here, read the sign outside.” Says Ronald.  “The one beneath the golden arches.”
Chase, glancing around, spots it.  “Over 3.3 Billion Served!”
“Who will you serve?” says the titrate caterpillar spinning its cocoon.
“I need some service!”  An elderly woman struggling in a walker is smearing a cheeseburger against her lips with her free hand.  She pawns off her ringed finger to show a diamond,  “I’m vacationing from Florida!” She grins savagely, ”I came all this way to be here, you know, with my husband in the car.  I don’t want to be disappointed.”  She winks with a smirk, “Now I want to be serviced!  I want some meat!  Give me a combo # 6!  Give me that sweet nugget sauce!”
What the crap?  thinks Chase.  He sees her shadow sucking up the cashier’s open head, licking it clean.  “Oh, YES!” the old lady says in gasps, “GIVE it to me!”
Chase can see the people’s life threads.  He can now see the strings.  The cashier’s hands glow, holding two cheeseburgers.  An energy cloud of pitch black rises from the stove that is cremating the cow.
Chase begins filling in the application.  In the blank space asking for his name, a voice surrounds him, “Pick a name, any name, and the one you choose will die suffering in the….,”  before tuning out. The pen hovers for a few breaths, then he writes his name, Chase Light.  Sweating, he coasts on auto and fills in a few more boxes. “A Fallen Angel was thrown from Dairy Queen into the Fry Machine.”   What the hell?  What is happening to me?  A second more rational voice clears his throat.  “Chase!  What we are experiencing here is a failure to communicate!”
Chase turns the page over and writes what amounts to a life time of lies.   His pen touches the page and a black dot grows.  The ink spreads slowly filling a universe of collapsing walls, forever entombing words in cemetery plots of appropriate boxes, as the white cell block walls to write on never end.
“Think outside of the box.” Says Ronald, “where do you grow your meat?”
“What?”
“What do you bring to the table.”
“I… don’t..” Chase looks at the application again, slowly falling in and suddenly sees a pattern before realizing he is writing on Ronald’s head.   Ronald smiles at him through the employment history section.  Chase stabs the paper with his pen, but it will not die.  Listing his skills to gain employment, on Ronald’s lips, he feels cheap inside selling himself on lies, and desperately tries to memorize them for the interview.
“Now,” says Ronald again in voice like he is addressing a toddler, “Let the manager sniff your butt and keep your head down, that’s a sign of submission.  If the manager gets the right scent he’ll let you sniff his butt and then you are to roll over on the floor, and let the QueenBurger’s staffing team sniff your butt.”
“Something funny.. is not… right,” Chase senses several red flags.
“Chase?” says the salt shaker, on further inspection, the space ship’s throttle control.
“Uh…  what?”
“Do you know right from wrong?”
“Trick question!” screams the voice of the pathologist.
“I know that this is so suddenly wrong.”
“That’s right,” says the ketchup dispenser, “it is so wrong.  But I’ll protect you from the zombies.  They eat brains plain, don’t like condiments on them.  Rub ketchup all over your head.  It’s Zombie repellent cream.”
“What?”
“Ask about your religious political stance!”
A heavy weight pulls Chase down, a movement catches his eye.  Chase notices on the glossy tile by his feet, a cricket has been stepped on.  It is struggling to right itself, its leg looks broken.
“See the cricket, yes his misery is a byproduct of your carelessness, so you think the world owes you a favor, that we all revolve around you? Now, the tough question with hard answers, do you kill it and end its misery?  Or do you take it to the hospital?”
“Chase!  Do not listen to the salt shaker, listen to me, you trust me don’t you?”
“Who the hell are you?”
“I need you to eat me,” says the cricket, a calm voice of reason.
“What?”
“Yes Chase!  You must eat the cricket!”
“I am Sugar Lips Cricket.  I’m your new conscience.”
“He’s talking to the bugs now.  Infestation in his body, roach at the controls, look out!”
“Remember, the outside of the universe is located inside your body, remember, you are the one true king!”
“Eat the cricket and it will pass word to your people!  He will be a messenger! They will look for your coming into being!”
Chase’s flesh suddenly quivers and the bugs are back crawling.
“They may itch, but don’t scratch.  Then it’ll spread, just like the slut, your doppelganger who whores out your body when you’re sleeping.”
“What?  Look I’m just going home.”  Chase balls up the application and chucks it in the can.  He hears Oscar the Grouch say, “Thanks Asshole.”
What the hell is going on?  What is happening?  He needs a beer to cry into, one for him and one for Sugar Lips, who now gingerly lies in his breast pocket.
Chase gets back to his pad and sees Magnolia and his dog Stain searching the carpet beneath the graffiti table.  Magnolia looks up with a lopsided grin.  “I know there’s a roach here somewhere, clumsy fucks.”
“I have a cricket to smoke.”  Chase says, “though it may well be the death of my conscience.”
“I’ll kill you!” Sugar Lips screams, “Got lung cancer?  You hear me asshole?!”
“Join the club,” says Magnolia, “I mean we’re all dead inside, just machinery searching for a mouth to scream, or is it feed?”
Chase hears the townspeople with torches outside the door, “Yeah just producing another Tupperware dish for fat free fish sticks,” Chase looks at the twitching joint, “another Godzilla yo-yo.”
A storm is coming.  The untamed sun is straining to roll free from its hole and return to the wild.  Some decision he must make, something must break.
His pants vibrate in a Pink Floyd tune and Chase pauses and puts Sugar Lips back in his top breast pocket and answers his phone.  He sees a picture of a young child and a text message that reads, “Living a Cheerful Life?  For this little boy in Africa, life is not much to Cheer about. Be a stain and spot free Saint!  Be Santa’s Helper and spread Cheer, the laundry detergent, wherever you go!  Cheer is doing more than a vibrant beautiful cleansing of your clothes, we are buying necessary supplies for orphan children in need!  Buy Cheer and support health clinics worldwide.” But that’s not what has him gripped by the throat, causing the blood rush to his head in pounding heartbeats.  Below the ad someone texted, h… e ..  lp. The caller ID,  he reads in disbelief,  is ‘Dad’.
Who has my Dad’s cellphone thinks Chase recovering from the shock and getting a little pissed off.  The phone in his hand vibrates and rings again.
It’s Moon his girlfriend texting him, “Hey Babe,” she says, “Off work.  We nvite 2 Jackn Mary buy booze csh n left boot u dig Luv me.”
Chase staggers into their room and searches for Moon’s deadly stiletto left black high heel boot.  It is tossed under the bed.  He pulls out a $20 she has tucked in the back of the boot, for him, along with an Alpo Purina Variety Treat she placed there for Stain.  He opens up the back screen door to their little fenced in back yard, Stain comes running and they both head for the store.

CHAPTER 3

Chase walks up to the 7-11 parking lot.  The store at first glance is passed over, hidden inside an empty hotdog container.  The 7-11, an island barrier reef capital of merchandise, is surrounded by a mirage of the ocean at low tide.  On the rotting shore, it leaves its stench, mud and a trace of beer, Slurpee cups crushed among the sea grass, condiments mixed with seagull crap and fish guts strung out, their heads cut off, eyes, cold and hanging, stare dead at the passing hermit crabs making their way, barnacled among the soot of the establishment, their bikini areas, exposed, take quick shots with the sun and moons loose, on each sandy corner road.  The convenience store trash, scratched out lottery tickets, cigarette butts, black oil and tar litter the ground.  Skeletal shells of automobiles, the shiny metal frames the latest in demand of nuclear physics attempts at assembling atoms to unravel reality from a post annihilation dance craze, the car bones are picked clean by the crabmen. 
Chase, flicks his cigarette into a puddle streaked with gasoline, it makes rainbow ripples.  Colors skim the surface, reaching out and joining the darkness to cargo ships on route to deepest space oblivion inside the infinite depths of the bottomless puddles.  The rainbow’s blood floats silently to the top illuminated beneath the street lights pulling on the spider web strings of matter connecting cold black holes punched through the universe’s heart and arteries, veins of crumbling light on the edge of the night’s tide, galaxies blinking on and off in violent explosions of promised life, the will to live, freighters make their run, traveling down birth canals on trading lanes powered by the stars.
Chase points between the ice machine and bundles of firewood and says, “Stay” and Stain, sad eyes to be left outside, walks over and sits in the spot staring in the window at Chase going inside the store.
The door opens with a three chord chime, a disco ball sound welcoming tall afro’s and scantily clad sides of meat marinating in extra thick steak sauce, the gunnery school girls packing heat, ancient boys with their gene splicing time machine toys, the old maids wanting to play, cloning their legs, and the patrons wagging their frozen tail bones on the dance floor graveyard six degrees of separation below zero.  The door rings of drunken sweet roosters raiding the hen’s house then crashing the eggs on the rocks, cracking them open and eating out their yolk hearts.  The Sirens sway, their asses sitting inside packages of comfort, donuts and cake, waiting for the hungry mouths and hands to hold them, to eat them, clean from out their wrappers, sticky fingers, they sing, sweetly irresistible, with big bite hotdogs in their mouths and buckets.  Zeus and Hercules, his son, sound horns blown through inebriated cocktails, and a beam of light casts out a nuke igniting inside the customer’s eyes, blinding them fresh from the night’s tide of cheap wine washing down the chunky cherub’s crunchy chocolate bar and Listerine and Pepto-Bismol for their back throat gargling.
Chase pauses and has to blink several times in the bright light, as the doors sound again, chiming this time of caffeinated gargoyles eating mouthfuls of pigeons, squirming, squelching, rotating beneath the heat lamps the caught birds, plumage plucked clean, victims of the red bull energy junkies, high on the dangerous shelf’s ledge, survivors in a media war campaign, salute Chase with their last dying breath bottled in sports juice drinks as he passes them by.  Also displayed is bait for the duck hunters, just quackers for their cherry centered lozenges, and advertisement spokespersons for lip gloss, the chapped duckbilled dinosaurs now evolved into mythological Christian worshippers carving statues on Fantasy Island, wear.
Chase steps in the 7-11 hesitantly, “Thank Heaven” says Sweet Lips the cricket.  He made it!  Chase’s eyes momentarily refocus from the intense light, he feels he is under God’s microscope now.  Is he just entering the gateway to a happy hunting ground where God focuses the brunt of his attention?  Where nothing can hide from this All Knowing All Seeing Light?  He feels the taint of evil-doers close by, demons at a distance, perhaps in this convenience store he can get the sales clerk, a proud white braided hair lady with a murder of crow’s feet around her sunken eyes, perform an exorcism on him?  But, he thinks, do I need one?
Chase steps forward to the covers of the magazine and newspaper rack, headline news, thousands dead.  With such long lines going to heaven and the long turnover rate to process them at the Pearly Gate, the dead may stop here at the convenience shop while passing through, they can get thirsty along their way to oblivion and beyond.  A hot dog with no big gulp, if thirsty, can make for a long and miserable eternity.
It is midnight and the tortured undead are paying their penance due, as tormented in his own personal hell, a zombie, salivating with musty clothes, fresh from the grave, moans as he shuffles past Chase.  The pale man stumbles across the tiled floor in a dusty lumberjack jacket and foreign legion kakis.  In his hand is a case of Milwaukie’s best and a box of condoms.  Muttering to himself, “Her laughter is only anger,” the man straightens his hat and tucks in his shirt before he goes shuffling out, back to his mistress the night.
Chase steps up to the register.  The clerk, face has seen much suffering in the 7-11 aisles, an older wise woman of timeless land.  She is whispering in a low voice to the hotdog’s chili and cheese machine on the tail end of the counter.  She is coxing it along with a running stream of sweet nothings.   Perhaps it is the guardian of this store?  A shield generator?  If a player-hater stabbed it with one of the white plastic disposable utensils, would the source of this store’s chakra die?  He eyes the plastic utensils next to the ketchup apprehensively with respect.
She removes the hotdog’s chili dispenser’s back panel and replaces what looks like a deflated cheese lung, Chase wonders where they found a spare lung, the donor, than with a creepy feeling he realizes that he already knows.
Chase clears his throat and says, “the beer locker still open?” as he walks to the refrigerated doors.  His watch says 11:39 but he knows it doesn’t tell the right time.
Seemingly annoyed at Chase’s interruption she looks to the side and frowns, with a finger held out to Chase, “Hold on Honey, I’m almost done filling the chili,” she turns back to the machine whispering, “Come on baby, put out for those dogs.”
She guards her booty, blocking Chase’s view with her backside.  Tasting the new flux of energy, after a few more adjustments, the machine has an uprising.  Chase, sigh of relief as the refrigerated door opens, grabs a case of Budweiser in bottles.  She flips on the kill switch and a new terminator is born.
The pork sausage pimp pats the back of the panel, “We keep them plain dogs coming back for more!” and grunts in Chase’s direction, she stops and looks at him, as if for an encouraging word or reward.
What does she want my approval?  thinks Chase.  He says, “Yeah.”
The clerk smiles and nods tapping the side of her head.  Her tattoo is half hidden on her neck, it is a raven.  Her shirt is a rosy red, and her pants are black.  He stares at her nineteen fingers as she runs them across the cash register and brings a pinkie to her mouth.  Then he becomes captured in the gaze of the tv camera.
“Yep, no one wants to rob me anymore we got that installed.”
“I’m not here to rob you.”  Says Chase.
“That’s a shame I could really use a break and maybe get some nachos in the confusion.  No hold up note, no put the loot in my paper bag.”  She looks at Chase and frowns, brow swallowed up by wrinkles, in a no ask no tell dimpling expression.
“Don’t you think if I did have a note to rob you I would have shown you by now?” Chase asks, more to himself as wondering if in an abstract way he really is robbing her but is too stoned to know it.
“I don’t know would you?”  She says a little more slyly, “I mean I don’t know what you gang bangers are plotting next, I’m no CN News.”
“Cartoon Network?”  Asks Chase a little more worriedly, to himself, gang bangers? And if she is talking about Cartoon Network News what the hell does that mean?  “I think if I was here to rob you I would have a weapon of some sort and instead of standing here making idle and meaningless conversation, I would be more rogue and intense.  Right?”
She stares at the plastic knives and forks by the ketchup and nods in their direction.
Does she want me to rob her with a picnic knife?  Chase is feeling this is becoming way too difficult for a simple beer run.  The cashier sighs, “Well noted,” she says then, “or well noteless as in your case.”
“Argh!” Chase thinks feeling ill in his stomach, alarmed at the bad joke.
The cashier stares at his hands slowly, and then brings her gaze up to Chase’s face and winks.
“I just want a case of bud and a box of cigarettes.”
She steps back as her good eye surveys the red field she is invading, over bodies of comrades, she sways her hips up the steep but dangerous Himalayas over to the back counter.   He begins to think she did not hear him when she laughs straightening up her chest, “Got beer?”  she laughs, “Eh? Like the media’s milk campaign?  But why buy the cow when such milk is free?”  and she reaches behind to undo her apron.  Good God, thinks Chase, she’s removing her top!
“No, not breast milk!”   Chase, swallows laughing a couple of chickens short of a processed patty as if inside he is unsure this is good or bad, the thirsty part of him teases with his dry parched lips in a merciless outcry.  He cannot really imagine breastfeeding right now.  She fixes her neck collar and stops and studies him with half a grin, then returns to her passive warrior stance, and shows off a rack of keys.  “Gonna lock em up now.”
The lady in line behind Chase taps him on the back, Chase turns to see a cute redhead, with green eyes, cat, jet black hair streaked with red, in buns with crochet needles stabbing through each one.  She is wearing a pink sweater, with an elaborately quilted pattern and a low cut neck.  She is on her way to rescue America’s hungry and has big jugs of hot stew brewing on the back burner, enough to last for days until help arrives.  She points to the display shelf of cigarette cartons behind the counter and then the pack in Chase’s top pocket.
“Got Lung Cancer?”  she asks.
“How about some ID first?”  asks the saleslady.  Chase pulls out his card.  “Good…. Chase is it?  Good.” She says as she studies it for a minute and looks at him, concentrating, Chase thinks, she is gazing at his mouth, is it a look of disappointment? – if so that makes him feel just odd and he now is overly aware of his big lips.  Does he have yellow stained teeth?
“I will get toothpaste too then,” he says to her non-vocal complaint.  She nods, eyes young stars burning in the sky, “Crest whitening,” he adds.
She makes a dimple grin in agreement and looks at the ID again, “Lost the mustache didn’t you Honey?” she says.
What does this lady want from me?  Chase at a loss gives her a confusing tartar control smile then recovering his wit again, and curious now to escape the Wise Woman’s spells, asks, “How much?”
“Pick your poison,” says the clerk.  
The lady behind him in the pink sweater heartily continues, “What issss the price of life?”  she asks.
Piping from out Chase’s pocket, the cricket, his conscious replies, “Careful!  She’ll trick you into giving her a baby!  And a romp in that swamp and you’ll have more than feet fungus.”
Chase ponders the ladies question, What is the price of life?  $37? then he says, “People spend their whole lives to find that answer and when they do it’s already too late.”
Chase notices the girl in pink’s nametag reads ‘Barbie’.
From beneath the coffee maker a perky voice cries out, “You can tell the worth of a Barbie doll by the stamp on its butt.  Look at her butt!  That’s how you find how much her life is worth!”
“Her vineyard, grapes squeezing out wine, may be a well vintage matured beautiful blend, intoxicating to taste, but beware the crabtrap!” warns Sugar Lips.
She is on display, a tantalizing treat, golden gooey center heart and candy coated brain, perfect for sucking on, her legs part the red sea as she leans against the chip rack, slouching, low cut skirt riding up her hips at an angle, she is bending against the chip rack, its bags crackling like the chips are on a hot roasting fire, she turns her head and stabs him mercilessly off her blade.
The salesclerk behind the counter smiles, hovering now over the sausages warming beneath the glass case, she picks up one with her tongs and turns it over for equal heat division.  
The lady in the pink sweater in line behind him remarks again, “I am going to a wake.”
The cricket, Chase’ conscience, gains his attention, “Chase, ask if she’s a Barbie.  Ask her to play dolls.”
“Careful!  She’s a man killer!  Ken’s severed head is still impaled on a stake in her doll house door....”
“No, I never had any dolls… they were action figures.”  
“Oh you want to see some action do you?”  a shiny presence, the anti-Adam remarks.
The woman behind the counter smiles, watching him.  She plays with her lips, pouting now, as they grow thick and wrap around her neck over her sugar coated ears, she spreads her hands wide onto the counter, showing off the jack pot lottery tickets.
“Life is priceless,” Barbie says. 
“Life feeds on life.”  he says to her, trying in vain to end the conversation and offer some comfort for the deceased who’s funeral she is attending.
“How true, we feed on the energy around us, all spirits connected, the body can be a channel, energy goes up my legs and into the world, grounding me, but not now.  I am cut off.  I am spiritually dead.”  She looks starry eyes away.  “I usually don’t drink,”  she says embracing the 6 pack of wine coolers in a hug, “but he was a good friend of mine,” quick knee bend as, looking at him from behind, magic brewing in her swaying hips, she takes aim, “I don’t want to be alone tonight.”
“Danger!  DANGER!”  the cricket is screaming now.
”Maybe you could go to the mall?”  asks Chase blood rushing to his head, I got to get the hell out of here.  “Lots of people there.”
“Like to undress your ‘action’ figures?” asks Sugar Lips cricket.
Chase, is now holding Sugar Lips in his clenched fist, “Fashion is fashion.   The body is beautiful.  Anatomically correct dolls would teach us that.” But Sugar Lips is not listening.
Chase opens up his palm and Sugar Lips Cricket looks up at him.
“You’re ugly!” Sugar Lips says to Chase, “I’m changing hosts, I’m cashing in...” says the cricket who takes a leap of faith out of Chase’s hand.  In mid leap Chase can hear him, “weeeee!” as he leaps for freedom, he lands in the donation jar half full of pennies and nickels.
Chase turns to the clerk, an unasked question in his eyes.  He sees the donation jar’s sign, “Feed the Hungry.”  The children need to feed, thinks Chase, logical.  The cricket in the donation jar hops up and down with a plunk among the change.
“That’s for change.”  says the clerk.
“It’s about time for a good change,” says Chase, adding “You can’t really change more than that.  May feed a kid who is really really hungry.. or a frog in need?”
The sales clerk gives a three layer bean burrito frown, “What the hell?” she asks through clenched teeth.  She looks volatile and violated, perhaps her animal guide is offended?  The cashier unscrews the lid and shakes it.  Chase takes the cue and reaches in and removes his cricket, who is calm some not thrashing as much.   “If you want to lure lure bigger more hungry prey into the jar, you know, sometimes you just need the right bait to catch the biggest fish.”
“You men put big hooks in your worms,” says Barbie sadly.  “my fish is snared,” she continues.
The sales clerk nods, “Bait for big fish heads.”
“What?  I don’t know what the hell is…”   Are they screwing with me?  The clerk is growling, and suddenly Chase feels the weight of the moon, the overwhelming feel of evil is charging through, he takes a deep breath and quickly searches for the source.  “I would like some Beer please, and cigare..”
“He died from lung cancer,” shrieks the girl crying.  The clerk eyes Chase like he shot a dog and motions to the girl.  Chase sees a beast streak through the front door of the store.  It has bottle fingers and its throat, a bag of chips, opens wide, a mouth drooling coffee grounds and chili, drips in chunks from silver and brown foil.  Chase sees the entrance to the Beast, its door is the girls mouth, and its ringing the bell.  Her forked tongue pushes, its way, forcing out of her lips, wrapping around her mouth.  The girl makes a sudden scream of grief, crying, hands, claws, eyes, pits of fire and hot flame, scorch him as her tears curve down her cheeks, she leans into him and cries in his chest burying her face into his jacket, her mouth opens to swallow his head, moaning, nearly engulfs him, she looks ready to fill her tank with gas and swallow a match.
“Fuck!  Run!”  screams Sugar Lips, “Get the HELL OUT, NOW!”
Chase steps away from the counter.  The cashier is frowning now, clenching fists, and motions to the girl again.  “Poor baby,” she says as Chase stumbles back, spooked, and knocks over a small gum and breath mint display, getting up clumsily off guard he butts into the Tasty cake and Hostess rack spilling the pastries.  He looks back at her mouthing curses with mounting tension, when immediately to his left is a bottle of rubbing alcohol.  “I’ll take this!” he shouts and digs in his pocket tossing the twenty dollar bill to the floor, he reaches his hand up around the counter shelf for a pack of generic cigarettes.  He sees they are called Orc sticks.  He grabs the rubbing alcohol and runs out the door.
Outside the cool chill air comforts Chase, he leans over the store’s support pole, realizing he has been wheezing and holding in his breath, he struggles to regain it.  He looks at the bottle of rubbing alcohol, appraising the situation the best he can.  He sees the light in the store blink off then on and knows the nuke must of exploded on the spiritual plane.  Killing the demon within, he hopes.
“You really blew that one.” says Sugar Lips.  “or maybe not, perhaps this is what you need to kill the infection growing in your heart like a weed,  disinfectant you know.  Take a chug to freedom.”
“Maybe,” says Chase, “right now I have a window of numbness, a good buzz already, but this is a good opportunity to get drunk.”
Chase, calls Stain, his dog, and together they walk towards his apartment.  He undoes the top, a little hesitant.  He sighs.  Moon is not going to be happy, but he knows she will understand.  She deserves better.  The rubbing alcohol burns like bleached lava and he immediately vomits.  “Holy crap that’s bad!”
He feels as if his elevator is stuck between floors, he is starting to lose it.  “God I am having some trouble here just now, some reservations, I think I am losing touch with reality and unraveling or something, I need some help... please guide me...”  He looks up to the night time sky, he regains some serenity staring at the stars once again in wonder and awe.  He always felt a close relationship with the Universal Being, his faith, unshakable.   If he didn’t have faith he would of long ago drowned in fear.
Stain is sniffing behind a tree for longer than necessary and curious, Chase walks around it.  There next to the tree is a giant cow patty pile, completely natural, but hold up, what’s this?  He sees some funny blue fungi growing in layers on top of it.  Crying victoriously he cheers, “Shrooms!” and collects the mushrooms in a bag.  He jumped tracks but the party will continue!
Thrilled at the prospect of delivery his honey Moon some shrooms to make up for the lack of beer, he pulls out his cellphone to call her when he sees he missed a call from his Mom.  He rings her and gets no one so he checks his messages.  
“Chase,” says his Mother, “Something very odd has happened.  Someone broke into the apartment..  busted the lock, but the only thing missing is..  your Father’s ashes...  They stole his urn.  Know anything about this?  Please call soon.  I am getting a security system installed.”

CHAPTER 4

Fresh from the trials of humanity, of the trench-work, the prosecution of Mary Jane, what game is she playing, racketeering on the tennis courts? And why does she have the remote who is she watching and why is she dancing under the kitchen footstool, where, he remembers, is where he wants to go.  Just a moment ago his mind was branded with the words ‘slippery entranceway hooka knights’ and ‘gold nug candy hut’ burnt in with hot coals.  In this murky space, he feels as if his sense of perception is a package of worm bait left in his mailbox.  
He put the bait for the worms, small fish oil pills, on fishing hooks in the mailbox to catch more of those slippery and, in a fistful, plump, squirming caretakers of life and nail their hearts to his chest, medals of potency in this new fertile brave land.  The mail inside the mailbox is self-addressed, self-stamped, envelopes stuffed with the coupons he received over the past year, to send back to the store owners, “One day,” he says to the trees, “I’m going to save a million dollars!”
The mailbox, actually resting on the ground, is a victim of juvenile federal crime, the mailbox’s mouth gagged and red flagged, contacts him to others throughout the world, and he supposes, why not, the entire galaxy.  He stays connected.  He wants to paint a version of Van Gogh’s ‘Starry Night’ on it.  It once was his mind.  
A clue emerges in his dark toilet bowl of his throne, on top of the world and looking down the hole, the barrel of an illuminating full moon, where in the damp climate, grow many mushrooms.  The Moonmen are signaling back with only a tiny glimmer of light able to shine like stars in the sky, the light pulsating through the treasure haze of gold nuggets, all in futile, he doesn’t know Morse code.  Is he experiencing a drunken high blackout?  
Chase eats another small and dainty shroom, now, it is dancing in his livingroom.  He is drowning in thirst, and wipes his sweaty brow.  Struggling with the doorknob, Chase falls through the door.  The screen door slams shut on him cleaving him in two, almost, before he can escape.  What a very clever security alarm system they have, and he never knew it.  He crawls inside his apartment’s living room, he is crying, but cannot remember why.  He staggers up in the kitchen, knocks over a lamp.  It falls in the dog bowl.  He turns it on.
The kitchen is open for business, and, nothing to offer in return, he opens the fridge, with a silent prayer falling from his lips, and there beneath a flashing dull light, in back sits a whole case of Milwaukee’s Best.
“Thank God,” says Sugar Lips.
“Oh, my dear Lord, Yes, Thank you!  Oh my dear, dear little friends!”  Chase gives a sigh of relief.
“Chase the fly,”  says a Voice from the plumbing.
A tiny fly passes by singing, “Drink drank drunk.”
“Drink a can of fly blood, drink it and you’ll become addicted, and, you’ll be chasing the flies with your insatiable hunger into the dumpster for the rest of your life.”
“Whatever, sounds good to me.”  Chase cracks open a beer, hugging it close, and burps, and some of his sanity returns.
Other presences, surround his subconscious, but he pushes them away, enduring one more hallucination, this time it is of the refrigerator being a giant elephant butt, he reaches into it, and pulls out another beer.  “Like magic,” he says with a giggle.
He lowers his body to his knees and pulls up his Christmas socks, tiny comfort in a time of need, voices in the cupboards, talk of magical portals, with gibberish, asking him to pick door number 2.  Surrendering, he rips opens a can of the Beast.
“What the hell is happening?”  says Chase to Moon’s pepper plant in the windowsill.
Suddenly there is a ripping of his mental fabric and Chase feels a violet pain.  He hears a violin in the distance, soothing him, and goes to where it calls.  He feels so alone.
Sugar lips, playing the violin, rubs his string legs together against the sticky pot buds of the joint, playing the sound track to Flash Gordon, but a little off key.
“If you smoke me they will come,” says Sugar lips.
“Who?”
“We are all suffering because of you.  You must smoke me and I will take you to the answers you seek.”
“Ok, ok,  will I come back?”  The floor is losing its hold on him, he dives into the lazy boy recliner.
“You will save the world.”
“Ok. But you seem pretty at ease for one who is returning to the spirit world, a real cool cat.”  Chase says.
“I’ll be in the womb of Nature,” Sugar Lips replies with a shrug, “back home.”
“But.. now,” says Sugar Lips, “you are in a state of abstract grizzly bear mind set, a frame of mind very hard to achieve, that I have personally led you to, at great personal loss, I might add, and is good to note, completely free of charge, at no cost, and not for my name sake, now, now you are ready.  Smoke me and I will take you to the lands of Heaven and Earth, into the Spirit realm!” commands Sugar Lips, stern and solemn like.
Chase looks out the window doubtful, he stares at a big tug boat floating by, before he notices it’s just a painting.  The tug boat’s horn toots vibrating the kitchen, the unwashed dishes and silverware clatter.  Holding the joint he looks away, and absently focuses on the stick of wilted celery on the floor, once again a reminder of how he can find artwork anywhere he looks, even when it’s a dead vegetable.
“You will speak to the mother brain, it alone has the answers, it alone knows the way! Mr. Miracle whip in the can, Mr. Bad Brains souring in the kitchen cubbard!  Make room in the fridge to taste the yogurt already, Mr. In a Jar of Pickles!  Mr. Give the Dog a Bone!” finishes Sugar Lips.
Chase holds the lit lighter up to the joint, hesitates but for a sec, grinning at some joke now lost on him, “This is so stupid,” he mutters, and, already flying high can’t help but think of Geronimo the Native American Chief skydiving, he stares at Sugar Lips’ big lips.  They form words, like he’s blowing kisses and Chase suddenly giggles in chunky half breaths, knowing now how Sugar Lips got his name.
“I am so sorry!”  he says to Sugar Lips, “really I’ve gotten to like you.. but I must chase the high wherever it takes me, that is my cross, my burden, I carry.”
“That is like so wrong.” His roommate from Hell says, laughing, from the deep Velcro cushions of the sinking couch, “I can’t believe you are going to smoke a cricket!” Jabba the Hutt, continues from beneath layers of pillowing to laugh in an off worldly language but Chase tunes out.  “crazy Like!”  The roommate stretches for a cheesy puff but can’t reach it, his face contorts into a scream.
“Who are you to talk, or judge?” says Chase, “All of the innocent fluffy fury animals you have consumed?  They would fill valleys of villages, and their wells and buckets,  Asshole!  At least I have the decency to become what I kill, to smoke the ones I love, to use their energy, to deliver my red scarlet letter to the Congress of my soul.  What do you do but sit there and eat crap?  Sure sit on another five dozen hot wings.  Go bulldoze a rainforest, consumer asshole.”
The roommate falls over, face and hands smeared in orange cheesy puff residue, like he is wearing a mask and gloves.  I wonder if my mask is so obvious, thinks Chase.  Shaking an empty bag, the roommate makes a face of concentration, or is it constipation?  Chase looks down again at the Sugar Lips cricket’s head staring up at him, cute, antennas waxed, face a cuddly little spotted puppy.
“Please do it, do it now,” asks Sugar Lips.
Chase nods, cruel to keep him in deadly anticipation, the anxiety must be killing him.
He flicks on his lighter, hesitates, and realizes in this moment just how much he loves the cricket, then, he lights it and, as it sizzles, takes a deep drag.  An agonizing scream, “I always loved you!” Sugar Lips’ parting words as he is consumed in flame.  Sugar Lips’ body crackles in the fire.
Chase takes another hit holding it in until the smoke absorbs completely, filtered by his lungs, and he breathes out spiritually clean charged air.  He sees a hole in reality, a cloudy tunnel opens above him like the smoking chamber of a bong.
“Chase,” I say in a voice of melodic tune floating past him, then, as if by scent, I find and surround him, vibrating in a glorious halo of light, “Chase, it’s me you must listen, I do not have long here.”
“Who?  God?”
“You can say that, I am God and I am the damned, King and the peasant, I am your conscience, the maggot and I am the space linking two infinities bridging your mental fabric.   I am between what’s left of Heaven and the breath of your grim reaper’s hell scent death.”
“What?  Freaking cricket..!”
“Oh, this goes well past Sugar Lips cricket’s sphere of influence, you see he was but a tool to lure you near.  Oh, do you really want to know the truth?  Do you really think you can handle it?  Remember, some secrets should be left unsaid, some doorways never opened.”
“No.  I don’t.  What lame build-up!  Do whatever.  I don’t care, do what you want.”
“What do I want?  Oh, do you really want to know?  You’re right, I didn’t just appear on accident.  What do I want?  Oh, the less you know the better!”
“Ok.”  This guy reminds him of Harry Potter at the end of the movie.
“So?”
“So what?”
“So do you really want to know?”  I whisper to Chase.
Chase rolls his eyes and sighs, “Sure, tell me.”
“I am a brain, severed, in a tank plugged into a bimolecular aquarium.  I am your brain.  We are trapped and sealed in a jar, we are an organ, suffering, marinating, senses cut, kept ‘alive’.”
“Ok, why am I not...”
“surprised?”  I answer before Chase can finish, “because I am your brain, and that being the case, I already know what you my thought know because I know I know I am your brain and I know you will know what I know if I think of it.”
“Then you know what I am thinking of righ..”
“sex.”
“What?  Well that’s really a given, what am…”
“death.”
“You’re just..”
“food.”
“Kind of basic answers.  Anyone can say tha..”
“Right now you can’t help but think of beautiful icy buttocks shooting fire while sledding, and how the climax of your childhood happened while eating Tiffany’s mother’s upside down cake, you are thinking of the man you saw with his hand over his eyes crossing the street, you are thinking of Magneto’s cool ass plan, of how cool it was when Angelina shot in a circle  killing everyone including herself, you are thinking of the family tree you return to every night in your dreams.   Shall I continue?”
They are traveling up through the smoky chamber of the bong.
“Moon?  Moon help.. Lunatic!”
“Moon can’t help you now, she is in another realm.  You are connected to your girlfriend, true, by something far more powerful and ancient then a memory of a brain.  She waits for you on the other side, they will keep her from you, if they make it across.  You both must return home, as it is she only feels the pain of our severed brain screaming to her in your sleep.”
“God, I am never going to smoke another cricket again, please help...”
“Listen!  You are a past memory, an agent of the mind, I am from your future, the present!  I am the source!  I am the source of all of your thoughts!  Your senses lie!  You are but a thought stored in my lobes!  You are an illusion!  Your world is a lie!  You are the past stored in my cells and synapses!  You are a memory!  An agent of my mind, a ghost!  I created you!”
Chase’s head pulses as the blood rushes out.  I continue, “You must find the mind’s monk key to turn me off, unlock my wards, use the kill switch, a way to meltdown in the fish tank we swim in!  Bodiless, our awareness only agony, the experiment the scientists claim to study, only insanity!”
“Search in your heart, you know this to be true!”  I demand.  Chase takes a deep breath suffocating, it sounds crazy, but…
“No, it can’t be..”  For a second he sees a beautifully balanced universe, gears of a giant clock, delicate, precise, ticking in accordance with each other… but, something is terribly wrong, something he cannot quite grasp, a tick off tock?  A cog crank caught?  Before Chase can fix it, it spreads, like a vibrating fear, shaking out of the universal locks held in place by their Creator, one all reality operates on.  Gears keep turning only now they are grinding people’s thoughts, soon there is no distance between stars and single minds, the puddles of thought, are forced to swallow oceans, his normal healthy brain snags hold of a star system in inner space, and soon planets begin gravitating in orbit around it, no way to fix it, as it all comes tumbling apart, undone, in a last desperate act Chase swallows it all and it implodes, consuming him.
He feels the stump of his brain soaking in pain.  For a moment he can remember his nightmares, the pain he always forgets upon waking.  Lost, he reaches, inside, to climb out the jar, but cannot move.  He feels the tiny electric rods, forming a star grid, feed on his output of streamline thoughts, turning them into data, transmitting them into a foreign language of light, fractal dots, brain matter, and the yolk of space and thought.
“What?  So you are saying I am a brain sitting in a jar?” Chase says, in gasps of suffocating sounds, even as he says it he knows it to be true.
“You have schizophrenia.  You are an alcoholic.  When this is realized, brain chemistry so different, they will tag and label you, to study, to probe you to unlock our brain’s secrets.
As soon as they become aware of the possibilities they will want to collect me, your brain, and study it.  They will tag you and wait, and when, in the end, you do die, they will collect me, your brain, from out your skull.  I am very valuable, your difference and defects make me unique.  They are trying to find the answer to creation, and will stop at nothing to achieve their goal.”
“They will freeze your brain, me, for a thousand years, then when science can catch up, will thaw us out and activate our bodiless brain.  I have so much to tell you but not enough time!  You must throw our brain into the fires of Sain!  The kill switch to self-destruct, brain melt down, find the monk key!”
Bummer, thinks Chase, and he sees a giant white cube with billions of tiny words and graffiti written on it, he sees his minute thought, ‘Bummer’ tiny among the giant planet plates of thought, but then it grows.  Soon his thought, ‘Bummer’ is stretching across the infinite planes, an immense billboard blinking, eating, overtaking.
“See!  Good God!  It’s worse than I ever imagined.  The entire multiverse is tuned into you, you are on channel 689 pie, it has become a huge black hole devouring our universe, your show is taking control.  You have the highest ratings ever imaginable!  We are watching even against our own will!”
“What the hell are you doing to me?”
“I’m sending you some help, there are three other ego’s, three agents of the mind.  They will aid you on your quest.  They are Dr. Freud, Einstein, and Socrates, my memories from past lives.  They are your next step to finding the monk key!  Only the monk key can unlock the brain’s self-destruct program.”
“How..?” asks Chase.
“They are already here, only in another dimension.  You can’t see them.  To open the doorway to physically summon them, you must perform a ritual.  You will need the map, and...”
“A map?”
“the moles on you form the treasure map of the constellations, the stars.  And you also need the DNA of the original animals from off the Ark.”
“What?
“When the Ark crashed on Earth,  its occupants’ pure DNA strands, seeped into every living thing, they are decryption codes, like passwords, to allow passage through the doorways of parallel reality.”
“I need Moon.  I am.. wait, where am I?”  a light streaks across the night sky, it shines illuminating vulture businessmen flying in buttresses of concrete and steel targeting laser fire on the buildings below.
“There is only one place you can get the all original animals of the ark’s DNA.  It’s in a seventh generation hot dog wiener at Big Bob’s Go-Go World, go there and ask for the chili dog surprise.
“Hey, that’s where Moon’s sister works.”
The tunnel opens up to a garden of lights and fruit ripening glazed on the vine, no end to it, he flies stooping beneath the limbs of a massively giant tree and there on the ground sees a gardener in a multicolor robe tending to a celery stalk, near carrots.  Chase wants to say something to him but then the train of thought flies by and he boards, feeling a diminishing in his sight, an opening on the horizon.
Reality begins rushing in, he can see, a little more clearly, his out-of-focus roommate low crawling on the carpet, sensing we do not have long I rush through the needed information.
“Go to Big Bob’s Go-Go World!  Don’t screw this up!  End this abomination,” I say to Chase, losing my hold, I fight to focus, “abort this experiment, smash the jar, release our brain!  Now get over there!  This quest will demand everything from you!  You must be willing to do anything!  No matter how absurd!”
Chase looks at the forest ground of round spheres of fire he is maneuvering through, suddenly he sees Sugar Lips’ spirit next to a tree, like Darth Vader in the end of Star Wars when he turns to the good side, Sugar Lips is smoking a ham freely.  “Hey main turkey ball boy, hey you cool cat, may the Force be with you, and don’t forget to breathe!”
“What?”
Chase suddenly shoots up off the lazy boy recliner, gasping for breath.  “He’s alive!” yells one of the three hovering over him, “You stupid fuck had us all worried!  You weren’t breathing, you dumbass!
Chase is opening his eyes, “Oh yeah,” I yell through the vanishing hole, “beware the 9 shades, they are a defense of the mind.  When the doorway is open, they may slip through!”

CHAPTER 5

Sinking pit of pie, everywhere Chase steps, the hot cherry filling rises up and fills his foot impressions.  Big Bob’s Go-Go World is a hole in the concrete ozone between the Slum Kings and the safety patrolled arctic borders of the Sun Got Queens.  Rows of chain link fences and shops along the alleyways divide the two.  Big Bob’s is an alley freak show attraction, next to the Bearded Lady and beside the Bat Woman Singing, and right across from the Legion of Super Plumbers.  The door and windows are painted pitch black, with only one entrance in back.
He pawned their vacuum cleaner for some cash.  It will be really hard to get clean now, he thinks.  The celery is silently stalking him again, tailing him from behind, teasing his diet full of meat making bomb threats from inside him, he finds it wilted in the muddy streets.  Is this a clue?  Perhaps a sign the portal is near.  He picks it up to eat, but instead throws it abandoned back in the street.  He trudges on feeling bad, it was made from the creator’s own garden, should he eat it?
Big Bob’s shadow attaches to Chase’s silhouette, pulling him further in the dark shade, taking in the scent of the sea, dead fish and coconut trees.  Chase keeps looking back as he feels heavy breathing, creepy, blowing down his neck.  One more turn by a smoking barrel and suddenly nude posters, promoting sex propaganda, cover the walls, his eyes lay claim to gold mines, digging holes, and grab ahold of the love handles on the strips of barnacled seaweed that make up the walls of the city streets.
“Welcome,” the wind whispers, “Welcome to the neighborhood.”
The night spreads her warmth, a blanket comforting and muffling the sounds of screeching tires, of drunken vampires leaving clubs, and voices of dawn’s early arrival.  The call of the night, midnight muses pronouncing a dark union, temptation in a pleasing so needing warmth, and a thirst that grows the more it feeds.
A girl wearing a top hat and bowtie tux with no pants leans against her cane and growls a little, low like.  She shows fangs, pointing with her cane at the back door.  She growls a little more tenderly and holds out five fingers.  Chase digs in his pocket and retrieves a five.  She wags her tux tail trailing, and her lips pull into a small smile around Chase’s massacred chance of escape.  She admires his soul string streaming around and between her fingers, she clenches hold of it, her manicure nails reach around his door knob, and her tractor beam brings Chase closer inside.  She opens it with a dip in the knees and a cuddly cute, mischievous wink, and as the door opens, he is reeled in.
Consciences dull from drinking, the patrons, seeking a gathering point, to loose ones inhibition in a crowd, stream down the never ending grocers aisles of turquoise blue lips and corduroy hips, of thick thighs, of naked hands revealing moons they ought but cannot hide, of figures regressing hungrily pulling, squeezing and stroking seeking the half they are missing, horns locking, mouths pulling the steer down in deep and savage darkness of forbidden joy that prays for prey in dark corners.  The air singing a heavy melody that only the wolf can truly hear and comprehend, singing with moisture, leaving the lips continuously wet, kissing the silver moon, only confesses their love to the wind.
A current of low voltage runs through the floor, electricity, surrounding him.  The music of centipedes thrumming a guitar string, picking each note carefully with tiny legs one at a time and placing them just a little ahead of the next moment, meticulously the centipedes sway as they walk down the runway.
Chase feels an intimate attraction to the moist red and black taped cushion chairs, of the dark forest floor, of giant trees billboarding with posters framing beautiful women in all arrays of flexible poses, wearing only string bean, steak and potato costumes, and canopy of beer coaster bottoms draws the tide just beyond the sea.
The waitress bends over a candle stick, her tray she swivels and sways hypnotic-like low and near her hips, as if she is what is being offered, her eyes gleaming of distant dreams, she wears a wide thick devilish smile of a crocodile.  She is one of the most deadly beings Chase has ever seen, and he shakes out of her hold barely enough to realize there is a hook in the bait he just swallowed.  He must avoid any imperial entanglements. He respects her intensity of presence.
“Hey Chase, you got Moon with you?  Hailey is in back.”
Chase shakes his head.  “She’s at work.”
“Oh.. I see,” says Melody, “When the beaver is gone the fox will play.  What can I get you?”
“I’ll just have a beer,” says a voice Chase has never heard before yet is so familiar.  Is it?   Yes, somehow Chase knows and it comes flooding back to him, this is the voice of Socrates, or else the shroom king.
“I’ll just have a beer,” says Chase.
“Looking for love baby?”  asks a blonde lap dancer
“In all the wrong places.”  Says another voice Chase recognizes as Dr. Freud.
Aurgh! thinks Chase.  That’s bad.
“I’m with someone,” says Chase.  The blonde in her pink string bends over then arcs her back to the floor and stares from behind at the ceiling in a position only a Yoga Master can achieve. 
“Yes, very lumber, I also am broke.”
The blonde in string bikini, suddenly stops and snorts with a frown, “Don’t waste my time,” and heads to the bar.
Melody returns, “Say, what can I get you to eat, anything?”  her tray hovers down just below her waist.  She tilts it up.
Dr. Freud pauses in his therapy session and says, “Remember who you are!”
Socrates grunts from his radio station, “Chase this is so uncomfortable and cramped in this little room, but I’m here for you buddy,  this is the only way you can hear me.  Cramped, Chase, you are the one true king!”
Einstein, another being’s presence telepathically communicating over time and space,  cracks an egg and then electrocutes the yellow yolk, “Come on baby, live!  Darn you, live!”
“Chase if you can hear me, we’re coming for you, but you must open the door.  Listen for the knock.  Listen Chase, hard enough and you will hear the light.”
“Beware the Shades, I fear they know your locat….”
Chase, takes a deep breath and then says, “Oh yeah, I want the chili dog surprise.”
“Sure a chili dog.”
“Get me one from a vintage year, say 1985 livestock, from down in the cellar.”
Her eyes open wide, shining over with glazed humor, and wrinkle in a sly smile.  ”You really know your dogs, I admire a man who knows his way around a pig and chicken’s heart and intestines, you really hungry?”
Chase shrugs and gives a slight nod of his head towards the kitchen, “Whenever I see cows, or pigs, and fowl, they always make me drool.”
“Want to know the surprise?  I probably shouldn’t tell you.”
“Sure, what is it.”
“Don’t ask!” screams Dr. Freud, “You Fool!”
The waitress rubs her belly and abdomen, then, looking at the management, quickly rubs her vagina and smirks.
“What the fuck?  afterbirth?” coughs Chase.  “What the hell are you trying to..”
She winks and walks away.  “Enjoy the show Chase.”
Cocoons of hairy caterpillars stick to the walls, they remind Chase of the Aliens movie.  Chase draws in closer.  A pink cocoon nearest him shakes, and convulses.  He pauses and reaches out to touch it, cotton candy?  and suddenly it bursts open.
A beautiful little hottie breaks free from the cocoon, cradling knees to chest in the fetal position, she crawls out.  Purring with a smile of mischief, she pulls off the traces of cotton candy sprayed all over her face and licks it off her palms.  She holds the gooey pink cane sticking to her long matching neon pink hair, and sours her lips pouting them together, leaving a wet impression on her delicate arm.
She calculates the sum of the national deficit in a gin and tonic bleach white grin and positions her head to the side, as suddenly the fire hoses spray her face and chest.  The water explodes against her heaving breasts and her bottoms barely stay on, the wet fabric coming undone, she moans to avoid it, then she, soaking wet, follows its lead like a thirsty puppet.  She keeps from drowning in it, but still, drenched, swallows a shot of liquor, and takes another, spreading her lips around the crowd.  Breasts, main target of the spray, heave as she shakes them against the now loose fabric, then like a gift wrapped present at Christmas, her boobs grow tiny hands and tear open her wet t-shirt top, they bust loose from their prison cells, without bail they take the stand.  Pulling the remainder of the cocoon off her face, she growls, and tugs the string of her thong around, angling at the audience to take shots, she moans the grenade going up her ass.  Rotating it, she rocks the string around so it digs in, and she grunts again, groaning heavily this time.  She pulls her thong quickly around revealing the rest of her wiggling body, tone, beautiful pirate booty left unguarded, her face becomes an antelope mask, her mysterious side, in tight glimpses, her mouth opens with deliciousness and she plucks at the guitar strings.  Her ass crack choking on the thong, now, coughs suffocating, to the point of dying, and now on all fours, she tilts her head back and looks from behind at her audience, one precious hand showcasing her butt then rubbing and slapping it as she goes into remission.
A bald man claps his hands loudly, and slowly licks his lips.  He holds a five dollar bill out to the girl.  As she comes to take it, he pulls the dollar back in, “Gonna make you work for it!”  he squeals, holding it over his crotch, then stuffs it in, the girl hesitates for a second, staring at the door, then quickly and effortlessly reaches down his pants and pulls out the five, avoiding his arms but his hand grabs onto one of her exhausted and heaving breasts breaking through her defense, she slaps it lightly, shooing flies, then backs up and sweeps all the loose dollars from the runway, and goes back to the curtain to retire.
Girls line the walls, tight costumes made of string, expose boobs and hands reaching out as they grab hold of faces and soggy fries pulling them to their chest, their nipples open and swallow the beer and head of flies, they grab at their hair and feeding eyes stare, wiping the hot buffalo wing sauce against their skin, girls straddle guys on all fours, riding bareback as the patrons and waitresses on their  knees keep the beer chuging.  A waitress holds her tray and shimmers it, on the tray is a beer on display.
“Donation for Juke Box?”  Her horns poke through her black and white hair, her smile hooks and snares.  Chase drops a buck on her tray, “House of the Rising Sun if I may.”  She walks a pace then disappears in a vat of smoke, girls fall from the ceiling, and roll over on the grill when one side gets too hot, like smoked sausages.
The death chicks decompose.  With their cheeks open and eroding they show their rows of teeth in a wide smile, exposing bare bone, flesh, open lungs and other types of orgasms.
A man with a peg leg and an eye patch removes it and pulls out a painted wooden eyeball, he picks a girl and shakes his ten, “Pretty Eyes you have lassie!”  he says to the girl, grabbing hold of her apron string in back, panties annihilated and lips animated she moves to his nonverbal commands, “Swallow my eye and you get ten more,” her says to her.
She ends up with her ass on the back corner hole as the man shoots in the eight ball.  She takes his ten and his fake-eye and licks it, grabbing a beer she grins and pops the eye into her mouth, takes a big chug and swallows it.  “Swoggle me eye Matey!  Return it to me and get a fifty.  Would you?”
“Would I!” she laughs.
“Would you?”
“Wood eye!”
Chase is in a den of vampires.
A new girl is on stage but Chase doesn’t much notice.
“No ones going home tonight,” she says, and purrs into her drink, her open mouth moaning lowering over bottles, her tongue pink and turquoise blue, shoves, digging up holes mining for gold in her neighbor’s back yard.
Chase is staring at the chili dog in front of him.  He pauses for only an eternal second, then bites into it.  It tastes good.  He eats the whole thing.
The dance takes shape, the manikins awake, and in the music Chase watches as the stars snuff out one by one and the drumming takes over with no beginning and he remembers, no end to the pounding, the dark smoky room shakes carbonation fizzing at the top, pushing, he clenches his teeth as his body rocks, skeleton bones rattle and he post dates the check to the orthopedic clergy, when he realizes the drum beat is his heart.  His drum pounds the sky, his battery powers the mother machinery.
Slap! A hand slaps Chase’s butt spanking him, he turns and sees Hailey, smiling at him.  “by your shit eating smile I can see you are really enjoying the show.”
“Each den of vampires, has its own hell of lust and greed, of fuck and grind, of desire and..”
“Fire.  If you’re going to burn in hell, at least bring a drink, you know?”
“2 buds,” he yells to the waitress.
Hailey pushes a drunk man off his stool, “Thanks for keeping it warm for me,” she says to him sweetly.  He keeps moving, his body propelled into the wall grabbing hold for support.  “Well my pleasure my lady,”  he bows.
She smiles.
“There’s something I need to talk to you about,” she says.  “It’s important, I’ve been having these dreams..”
Chase can’t pay attention.  He sees light and smoke rising from out her soul.  He can see her glowing spirit strings, they are cut off from the stars in a complex set of knots, he reaches and untangles them.  He hears an audible sigh from Hailey.
Time loses its hold.  He hears Hailey asking if he is alright, and feels her shaking him.   Suddenly he comes back.  “I always feel so much better talking to you.”  Says Hailey, a bright light in her eyes, “Moon is so lucky.  Can’t wait for you two to tie the knot and get married.   I always get stuck with the assholes.”
“They’re going to take my brain!” says Chase.
“Who?”
“I don’t know.... the man.....  some futuristic scientific experiment, they’re going to keep my brain frozen in a jar and in a thousand years activate it!”
“Hold on,” says Hailey, “Let me see your license.”  She digs into his back pocket.
“Yep, that’s what I thought.  It says here you are an organ donor, which I think is great, Don’t go to Heaven with Your Organs, Heaven knows we need them to eat... or something.  Just go to DMV and change your organ donor status, if you do they cannot take them from you.”
Chase rubs his chin.  “Think so?  It’s stupid right?”
“Hey brother if it is bugging you just do it, your organs are probably all shot to hell and corroded anyway, you may be saving a life.”

CHAPTER 6

Chase, pitstop at the QueenBurger corral, across the street from the DMV, is using the restroom.  The world is dissolving into a urinal drain and Chase, stuck, is trapped in the QueenBurger bathroom, afraid to look into the mirror.  He uses the dysfunctional disinfectant soap dispenser, the motion detector takes way too long to notice his hand hovering below its sensor.  There are gobs of dark yellow residue deposits from the anal sacks of the queen’s personal guard of honey drone bees barnacled inside the marble sink.  
He washes his hands, and scrubs the sink clean, looking for a paper towel, but no, there is only the air blower dryer.  Save the world already, he accepts this sacrifice, to save the planet.  His hands are stained red in the blood of millions of trees he has wasted and taken part in plowing over, decimating the rain forests, killing jungles whole, just by using paper towels, he is bound for hell, unless he cleans up his act.  “Forgive me,” he says in the toilet paper dispenser’s general direction. 
“Just think!” says Einstein, “by not using a paper towel you have saved the planet just enough energy to create three tadpoles!”
“Wow!” says Socrates, “That’s great!  Go Fighting Tigers!  Right team?”
His hands, they are stained red in guilt, so let me wash the blood off them, clean, already, he thinks.  His hands still hover under the soap dispenser again.  A full thirty heartbeats later it magically dispenses soap, as he continues to scrub the bathroom sink and his bare hands, rubbing them raw.
The worker bees are on the walls continuing to build this chamber, in the honeycomb around their queen.  He hears their buzzing inside the walls like a low hum of electricity flowing beneath the wood paneling.
“What are you doing?” asks Einstein.
“I decided to clean all the dirt I can off this planet,” says Chase.
“Where does it go after you clean it?”
“Look, I don’t know, my Pop always said do a good deed unnoticed keeps the ego humble, so stop with the negativity.  A humble man needs no attention.  I am trying to get clean and this is as good a place as any to start.”  says Chase.
“I am just curious, but do you wear clean fresh pantyhose beneath your clothes when you go to church?” asks Dr. Freud.
“Chase, you need to find a bar before you get clean,” says Socrates, “A soap bar!  Get it?  Hah!”
“That’s stupid!  You’re not funny at all,” says Dr. Freud.
Chase feels something rising in him.  Suddenly there is a barking howl wailing from out of the sink drain.  Chase jumps back and sees motion in the mirror.  He looks up, simultaneously hearing a shriek from Dr. Freud.
“No!  Don’t look at the mirror!   It causes organic damage!”   
Too late!  
Chase stares at the mirror, he stares into his eyes, they are alive with a raging fire burning inside his pupils, a pure flame burning.  
“The boy is not ready for this!” yells Einstein.
“He will find his way,” says Socrates.
Chase stares into the depths of the mirror and the face of a giant wolf stares back.  Eyes on fire.  Black fur with wild streaks of white and gray, several scars, the giant wolf in the mirror grins and opens its mouth. Sharp dagger teeth jut out of gaping jaws as, in a howl, Chase realizes his mouth is wide open as well and he, howling, coughs, doubles over and vomits.  Vomit sprays  the sink, mirror and wall.  He gags then vomits again, feeling chunks of asteroids inside him colliding, hurtling out of his mouth.  He coughs up some spittle, stares at the colorful display in the sink and on the mirror, and vomits again, all over the floor this time.  
“What beauty!” yells Socates.
“Chase what artwork!  What a master piece!  Don’t forget to sign it!”
“Now remove the 7th generation hotdog chunks from your pool of vomit, you may need them for later!”
“Good!  Good!  I’d say not only did you clean this area, but you added a splash of color!  As well as a part of yourself here too!”
“Quick Chase, take a fish oil pill!” demands Dr. Freud, “You will feel so much better.”
Chase notices three caterpillars that he vomited up.  How did they get there?  He stares at the mirror, he sees among the froth, the only thing he has eaten these past two days, the chilidog remains are on the mirror.  They are sinking into the glass.  It is bubbling as the surface opens up and the vomited hot dog chunks sink deeper.  It melts into an entrance, water spills from out the mirror into the sink.  He sees shards of rock and crystal projecting around a crystal lake.  It is a doorway.
“See I told you he was the right one!  Chase you did it boy!  You placed the animal DNA in exactly the right place and opened the portal!” says Socrates excitedly.  “Now all the worlds will be connected!  Chase you must find the mole on your body that this portal is linked to and mark it!”
“How do I do that?”
“Close your eyes and feel for the mole, it will itch.”
“I don’t feel anything.”
“Concentrate boy!  Focus!  Something is itching your body, can you feel it?”
“My right leg itches a little.”
“Yes good good, go to scratch it and when you near, open up your eyes.”
Chase drops his faded jeans around his hips and there between his knee and his thigh he senses the itch.  There is a fat mole right under his finger.
“Mark it!” yells Socrates.
Chase, fishes in his pockets and finds a pen.  He writes next to the mole, ‘QueenBurger Bathroom’ with an arrow.  Water is flowing down the mirror, he can see his face beneath the waterfall, his mask, it is cloaked in shadow.
Suddenly he hears a moaning groan come out from the bathroom stall.  Startled, Chase ducks and looks under the stalls and sees a pair of feet of someone sitting on the pot.  He could have sworn it was empty just a few moments ago.  Steam is rising around the cracks of its door.
“Quick!  The 9 shades are on to you!  Get the hell out of there!”  Chase pulls up his pants and runs out the door across the street and into the DMV.
The DMV lobby slowly detaches from the physical plane of awareness.  Gradually it crystallizes into a redemption song of calves. Outside across the street a ‘Q’ brand is burning at the QueenBurger high noon corral.  It is the DMV’s child, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.  Just another avenue of torture to cruise down, another road to hell paved in organs and crashed automobiles, omelets left alive, with beef in the glove box and blood on the wheel, combo meal number 203, Chase’s own intestine, in a light shade of frosted blue, with extra mayo, hold the pickle with delicate, loose flabby, sticky taxidermists hands.
He stands in line.  Fifteen minutes pass by.  He has not moved a foot.  There is a loud commotion behind him.  A figure cloaked in a raincoat scurries out of the DMV bathroom and the security guard and two more people, in a huddle,  rush inside it.  The man in the raincoat tips his hat, showing a bald scabby scalp, and trudges out the door in a half shuffle run.  
Chase, fighting the urge to run away screaming, touches off and lifts into the lower hemisphere of burning bodies reentering Earth’s atmosphere. In line, he rethinks his plan, getting cold feet. A gentleman in black is sitting right across from him, staring. Chase puts his fingers to his head and pulls the trigger. The man nods.  Chase blows his head away again, in tortured wait, and target system scanning, aims for the next thought and shoots it down dead.  His thoughts are all committing suicide.  He falls in a hole without walls.
Sweat rolls down his neck. He is among the slow and suffering now, a glum lot. In line, in a dead man shuffle to the receptionist, his plan is to remove himself as an organ donor. Then, logical like, no one can keep his brain frozen in a jar for study. It will not be left alive in dormant sleep until the day science reaches the point of activating it and his suffering begins. It seems like a simple easy solution.
Perhaps a little too easy?
He passes the bleach white bones of other gun runners, a reminder that not all will make it to the desk alive, what is he willing to lose, to sacrifice, oh yes, this will cost him his due. The line moves a foot. The bright lights surround him, and in the middle of the core of illumination, buds a rose full of grace, where a Fairy sits on top of the giant LED TV screen.  They are playing a movie of the aftermath of a drunk driver’s collision with a bus, it is called “Drink.  Drive.  Murder.”   Chase watches horrified over and over as more and more people, smash through windshields, are crushed by both sets of tires and are run over.
The fairy opens up her long glossy petals, her pearly pink seashells’ tight contents stretch, attached to the sun emerging from the darkness beneath the fairy’s beer.  Chase hears a train on route to space camp changing from a, ‘I think I can’ expression, sad face, to one deeply contemplating. “Call a taxi dead man,” she says, “live another day.”
Screams come from the TV, as a drunk driver crashes through the emergency room of a hospital.
Petals of him linger in a moment of intimacy as they fall, the flower of space junkies snorting pollen high on light blossoming in the crisp clean linen like furry fabric on his clothes line.  
His soul feels more comfy and soft and fluffily euphoric in an escape from the crude, beaver and squirrel pelt, the lady in front of him is wearing.  He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his bag of shrooms.  It is empty except for a chicken leg drumstick.  He tosses it in the can.
Suddenly his eye roots shoot seeking out, and he spots a screwdriver in a man’s tool belt, and Chase’s world begins to fall apart.
He is hot, shirt sticks to him like a dried bony scarecrow’s flannel sweater. 
“B23” says a voice, choking rough on raw chunks of lung.
His heart rapidly beats as the line bends into an overturned bus, among shards of glass and torn upholstery, they are really trying to push that ‘This is your Brain. Any Questions?’ gig.  Yes, thinks Chase. I have one. That’s the problem.  My brain is the problem in question. Am I a synapse in my brain right now firing frantically at moving shadows and creatures of hallucinogenic death, am I only just past thoughts drowning in corrosive memories, trying to slowly figure out if my brain is in my head? Just who the hell am I? and what the fuck is going on? He clutches onto the rope banister holding on so fast and desperately as if he is on a high wire playing hopscotch. Making it to a corner, he reaches out and frantically grabs the next red line rope.
He passes a blue crab claw smashed on the rubber non-slick floor mat leading to the information booth. The floor mat is just to ensure no one waiting will slip and break their neck or something. The crab breaking the rules, ran in line while outside the pool of society and completely intoxicated, and now is paying his due, left with only one claw-hand, he cannot hold a beer while grasping pork grinds too. Chase begins to realize just how dangerous the world is, “They’re just waiting for me to die.” He says in a whisper.
“Ummm hummm.” Hums an old wrinkled prune behind him. “You and me both,” she mutters.
Frantically Chase thinks, My God, we don’t have very long! Chase feels confusion walling up inside a village hut, the bottom of which is a restroom with a toilet bowl leading out a hole to China. He feels pain mounting in the black spot on his palm that marks him a dead man, a cursed pirate, he knows it’s where they’ll drive in the nails to stake him to the cross. 
A mole on his hand, erupts and a small cute baby fly head wiggles free from Chase’s porridge oozing bubble of skin. He watches his arm give birth to other mole flies, they dig out with acidic vomit and little leg roots pulling, detach from his skin and fly away.
His mole constellation, the map home, is changing, is Chase moving farther away from his solar system? - will he ever make it home?
“This is a stupid stupid plan.” Says Einstein, “You are tipping our hand to the enemy. You cannot make them more aware of your brain, do not draw attention to ourselves, you see it will become a self-fulfilling prophesy!”
“The boy wants to try, let him try, maybe then he will understand.” Says Socrates.
“D12,” announces the conductor, “Next stop!”
A burning tree outside the building dances in a corn field.
The woman in front of him groans. Chase feels the safe guards on the energy conductors, grounding the flow of energy into the earth, unlock and open.  Bit by the vampire amplifier whore, the cord attaches to his chakra. Only he feels instead of draining him, the battery to run the show, now he is sucking the energy from the ancient vaults of the earth.  He feels his spirit sword grow in a massive charge, a feeling of omnificence pulses through his body, a caress, as eager lips search for knobby wooden gnomes to chime the clock, mouths open over his own, hungrily, eyelids revealing black holes, sucking organs down throats.  Power to cast worlds, to control life, he can hurl stars, his aura shatters out consuming him.  He drains the people nearest him into raisins. The industrial carpet, as he stares, solves algebraic equations. Hieroglyphic patterns multiply by the number of raisins, he carries the two to shore, then divides by his ego, letting an unknown variable be ‘x’, but each time gets the wrong answer, it always says it’s equal to an increasingly large supply of rabbit poo.
“Are the rabbits eating the raisins?” Asks Socrates, curious like.
“Those aren’t raisins.” Says Dr. Freud.
“Or rabbits.” Adds Einstein.
He explodes out, huge energy ripples, crash against the shore, then swell up in a massive aftershock. In the distance an alarm is raised and Chase can feel the scent of evil turn towards his reflection now not only aware of his presence but frantically trying to hide from him as he crushes the fiends nearest him like grapes. Hell hounds, his brothers, run scurrying free from the gaping cemetery entranceway and escape. He is DMV God, but damned to spend eternity in a cramped jar on wheels. Free to travel through space to distant stars, trapped inside a coffin of a jar, never to leave. As the high rises another notch, he realizes what will happen if he dies by way of DMV’s methods, he must be very careful not to sign the form in blood, and read all the small print, they want his soul and organs, a death to live hell in a jar and power the traffic signals in DMV’s hell, an eternal parking lot on the highway in rush hour traffic.
The feeling of euphoria increases fivefold, he cannot hold it all in, he has to dump it and discharge on something, on someone. He tries to divert his chain of thought, but it is too late. Chase realizes he has sentenced everyone in the room to hell.  He drains the life force of all he comes in contact with.  He has the power to create worlds, to raise the dead, to heal others, but he gets stuck in thoughts of greed and lust and death. He tailspins. The energy turns on him, eating at his soul. He must discharge. He is going to explode. He needs a victim to empty his moon size psychic energy ball into.
“Go for the old broad,” says Dr. Freud, “She is old, she lived long enough, be doing her a favor.”
Chase shakes his head as the feeling overwhelms him, floodgates open, his teeth come in around the neck of the DMV teller who is humming as her breasts type on the keyboard at her desk, she pulls her hair back in a naughty grin, “NEXT.”
Chase is so high on the energy it begins leaking out of him in waves and purrs. It is a tainted high, a voice unlike the others calls in distant screech, “Yes, I feeeeeeel you! Near lash out your anger! Your bad grammar! Feel the darkness inside you grow!”
Tag your it!
Chase takes a step back, the power and all the energy of the world is rocketing him into another dimension, before he can climax, he hears the light knocking and quickly, spying a potted plant in the waiting room to channel through back to earth, he aims for it, “WAIT! NO! IT’S A FAKE RUBBER TREE!”
Quickly he maneuvers the bolt curving it back, “I will pick the next person who walks in the door,” says Chase, leaving it to Fate.
“Never a good idea,” says Socrates, “not making a decision is still a decision.” He remarks.
The door opens, it’s a woman holding an infant. “Wait, NOO! Not a baby!” he barely has control to redirect the bolt splitting around the woman and in an instant through the open door, he finds an old Oak in the parking lot and discharges the ecstatic flow of energy establishing a connection channeling down the roots and back into the earth.
He relaxes back down. Spent. The baby starts wailing, screaming, little pink hands grasping for air.
“Emperor?” asks Chase.
“I was sooooo close!” cries the baby, “Why didn’t you keep your word?  Why didn’t you tag me to discharge your energy into?”
“NEXT.”
Chase, next, steps up to the pitchers mound.
“How may I help you?” asks the DMV worker employee.
“Yes, I would like to get off of the donor list.”
“Oh?” she says hiding a half grin, “afraid of the collection agency making an early withdrawal?”
“Look lady,” serious like in a discreet and desperate whisper, “You want my organs, I’ve been carrying them a long, long time now.  I am not giving my brain away to feed your street corner scientist zombies in white suits!  Study my brain?” his voice growing in tempo, “They can study my ass!  I need to get my brain off the donor list!”
“You bonehead!  Be more discreet!” yells Dr. Freud.
“Right, well theres some paper work to fill out..” she rubs the keyboard, “and there is the matter of a small payment involved.”
Chase’s mouth caves in.
“That will be five dollars.”
“What? I don’t have money!”
“I told the boy, look at what he’s done now. Tipped our hand!” yells Einstein.
She smiles, hands free and types keys on the master computer keyboard, “Oh, I am just kidding, its free.  I am a lonely soul, looking for a little side cash, can you blame a girl?”
“but it’s my brain!”
“Yes well, just fill out this paperwork.  Let me see your id.”
Chase opens his wallet but can’t find his driver’s license.
“I don’t have it here, I think it is at home, but here’s a library card...”
“Any books overdue?”
“Well my girlfriend checked out a Dr. Seuss book a few months ago.. it’s sitting near our TV.”
The DMV clerk raises a litter of piggies nursing them and nods understandingly and kind.  “First an overdue book, and now a new lease on your brain, makes for an interesting story, want to tell me about it?”  she says with Wonder Woman eyes as she takes off her glasses and reveals her true identity.
“Guess I could sing the blues.”  Chase says a little afraid now of things spiraling fast out of control, “but I’m about as high as an answering machine greeting.”
“Uuuueeeeeeww  good one Chase!” shouts Socrates.
The clerk’s sexy sausage lips wilt in a frown, and she shakes her head, “Huh?”
“You know, greeting’s say ‘Hi’?  Get it?”
She continues to frown.
“What a dud!” shouts Socrates.
“No sense of humor,” replies Einstein.
“She is about as sharp as a spoon.” Says Dr. Freud.
“Don’t you mean... yuk... yuk.. yuk.. she’d eat soup with a smart ass knife?” says Socrates.
“That’s stupid!  You have the worst jokes!” says Dr. Freud, “Now listen to this, she is so stupid...”
“Oh, how stupid is she you ask?”
“She is so stupid... she goes grave digging with a spork!” he laughs, “Get it?  That’s how smart she is, doesn’t know if she needs to use a fork or a spoon so she... he he he..  uses a Spork! To dig with!  Get it?”
Chase groans.
“What?  Does she want to eat dead bodies?” asks Einstein, “I don’t understand.”.
There is another scream as the car on TV runs over a man riding a bike.
Chase stumbles forward addressing the DMV clerk, “I meant uh.. high on life...  you knew that right?”
She frowns, then slams her hand onto the keyboard.  “So, it looks like we’ll be keeping the lease on your organs a little longer, huh?’
“What if I die in an accident before then? I will lose my brain!”
“Yes well, you never know who’s life you will touch or who you will be saving.” She winks over at the elderly man in a wheel chair’s direction with a nod.
“Why do you think your brain is in such high demand? A high commodity?” whispers the computer.
“Are you Ok?” the lady is asking. “Why is your brain so valuable?” says a frozen muffled voice from the computer.
Chase puts his hand in his left back pocket and finds his ID, “Wait here it is.  You see I have a highly sought after bra…”
“STOP! SHUT UP! DO NOT SAY ANOTHER WORD!” screams Einstein, “THEY’RE ON TO YOU!“
Chase stops and then says “Oh, never you mind. My brain, that normal thing, why no it is a completely normal brain. There is really no need to study it.  It does very normal brain activities. Ha, yes, I’ll be going.”
“Well hold on, maybe there is something I can do. Let me just enter your information into the master computer for our records, there may be something we can do.”
“Question, what makes your brain so special?” asks the computer, “Note to self, very interesting, must research.”
 “No, It’s not important!” yells Chase, breaking out of line.  The security guard approaches, Chase’s face is a contortion of cooked ham.
Chase hears a banging against a metal drum and a muffled voice screaming.  “Chase,” says the familiar voice of his Father, “Don’t urinate, every time you do you fill up my barrel a little more.  Help me Chase!  Deliver me home!”
*-*
On his way back he sees an angel sitting on a large Big Lots store sign, she has black raven wings.  “You are powerful, with one of the strongest, pure uncut chakra I have ever experienced. But undisciplined! You must learn control! Had you been born in another dimension you may well be the most powerful sorcerer of all time! As it is you are a dangerous liability. You must receive training!” she says in a tone of delicate reproachable love.
The sages of the sauce, the sausages at constant war with the images. Which school of learning are you? Who’s flag do you carry? Which scooter gang will you join?

CHAPTER 7

He takes Stain for a walk, and takes a small sip of rubbing alcohol, he found the bottle in the oven.  Some hard up drunk must of gotten it and hid it in Chase’s favorite hiding place.  He is able to hold it down just long enough.  He knows not to chug it.  
He hears a rummaging from a dogwood tree he is passing beneath.  A sound of canvas and kites blocking wind, loud blowing obstructed as it flows through the gaps of the trees and he looks up and sees a giant raven two feet above him, wings flapping.  “Go to Moon at the Morgue,” says the giant raven as it hovers above his shoulders and squawks, or at least that is what it sounds like.
“Did you just say that?” asks Chase to the raven who is extending his head inches close to Chase’s face, and then retracting it.
“Yes,” says the raven in a deeply rich Elvis interpretation like squawk.
“I think I am going crazy,” says Chase to the tree, “I am talking to the birds.”
“I heard of stranger things.” Say the maidens of the trees playing on the branches in the breeze.
Stain, already night-eyes fixed on the bird, jumps away from Chase, leaping up and begins sprinting away.  Chase runs after, fast, Stain is headed towards the Morgue, Moon’s work.
As Chase runs he feels a light touch in his mind and realizes it is the raven, he opens the door and a flood of images come rushing at him, he sees a vision.  He sees through the raven’s eyes.  He sees from the vantage point of his girlfriend Moon.
Moon scoops up the busted open peanut shells, robbed of all their wooden like people, when cracked open the nuts look like they are sitting on their disfigured toilets, now empty and degutted shells, she tosses the basket launching them without looking over her shoulder in a scatter of colliding debris, and hears them fall near the large trash barrel behind her.  She tosses up a bottle of whiskey and flips it in the air twice absently then pours out three shots.
“I’m going to kill that Asshole!” she swears, face sculpted lilies, eyes glowing blue flames.
Next to her, Hailey, her sister, is crying from a swollen puffy eye.  Her eye is a bloody open wound staring out a cut and bruised face.  “The cops took him….  He said he loves me.” her body shakes in uncontrollable sobs, Moon reaches over the bar and hugs her stroking Hailey’s long platinum hair as she cries bawling into Moon’s soft blue with red strings low cut tweed dress.  Hailey’s delicate swollen face trembles above Moon’s nape as Moon squeezes her rocking her back and forth against her body.
“Cry Sister, cry, you never have to see him again we will make sure of that, you are safe here.  Safe sister serenity, safe dear angel, nothing can get a hold of you in here.  I placed a ward over this room.  We have one of Earth’s Guardians, the Raven watching over us here,”  says Moon.
Hailey smiles, “I love your stupid spells.  I believe in them.  Teach me one.”
Moon traces small triangular boxes on both sides of Haley’s eyes and circles her heart with her palm when suddenly she falls back and stumbles in pain.  One of her wards is being violated and she feels a heaviness and dark presence pouring out the foyer door.
“Hold on sister,” she says, “something is wrong.”
Still holding the small tray of whiskey shots, she opens the door hesitantly and sees the front door is wide open, but nothing else unusual.  Then a thump from the coat closet and Moon carefully edges closer to the door.  Eyeing the knob, she slowly reaches out, grasps hold of it and turns.
A man facing the coat rack, steps out revealing his Grim Reaper, with horns and Minotaur head, costume, along with a stench of burnt hair and flesh.
“The costume party was last night,” says Moon to the man in the skeletal Minotaur costume, “the bar is through the saloon doors over there,”
“The bar is stuffed with good intention,” says the masked stranger.  “I just want a cup of your milk.”
Moon slows to a stop some paces away, a little creeped out.  “This is really just the coat rack room.  You can either go to the bar or leave.”
“No,” rasps the Skeleton Reaper, “I do not want to go in there, I want to stay right here... something, a taste I haven’t had in eons, no, my business is not in there, my business is here now, my business is you.”
Moon’s nose tingles, and she senses more than sees something she cannot believe, never has she been this close, never has she felt this much dark energy, this evil, unnatural, a complete gutted cavity of once a pumping black tumorous heart,  it is a sucking black hole.   She backs up slowly, lowering the tray, she launches it full of shot glasses at the masked man as she turns to run back through the saloon doors, but the Minotaur Reaper yells a command word as the drinks shatter around him and he punches out with his palm hitting Moon directly over her heart.  Moon jerks back and realizes she cannot move, she is paralyzed.
At first panic, then she relaxes and concentrates on opening wide the channel with the Earth and calling for help.
The Grim Minotaur whispers words Moon cannot hear then in a slithering voice says, “Yessss, creator’s daughter, I can taste your soul, like packs of dog’s heads and stars burning.  I have been searching for you for eons, tracking your lives, following your trail of disease from after the wounding.  My master will be pleased.”
Moon’s face is screaming more in alive fury than fear, deep breath, her face relaxes in serenity, emptying of fear.  She struggles and is able to move her mouth then tongue.  “You death shit can put your flaming wounded ass where your mouth is and swallow your master with a little green dill pickle!”  Then she pictures a winged dragon inside of a skull and yells out the name of a extinct flower, with a summoning prayer, in tongues.  Outside the glass door leading to the parking lot suddenly shatters, cracks run down it, a giant black raven flaps its wings near the entrance, talons tap clicking on the door, before it turns, squawks, and flies away.
The decomposed moose in black monk robes, punches her in the mouth hard, knocking her head back with bloody spittle spraying the wall.
“Yessss…. I can sense the fear, no matter how hard you try to hide it, it is feeding me deliciously.  Do you know that you are with child Creator’s daughter?  Weren’t going to tell anyone yet were you?”
Moon’s eyes shoot wide open.
“Yesss…  first I am going to infect you with my flame,” he grins with black teeth, “Then I will have you swallow the yolk of several twin black suns, that will feed on your unborn child, turning it into a demon, and you will give birth to my master Sain.”
Moon’s face quivers now, eyes fighting to stay conscious.
“Yes…. Yes… now you are drowning in delicious fear, it is rippling out of you into the mouth of my soul!’
The Grim Moose steps forward holding a glass with a black as night liquid and with his free hand he spreads his long crusty grey fingers out and touches his palm to Moon’s chest.  “But first, let’s wipe the slate clean, shall we?” In a low voice he begins chanting and his hand fuses with Moon’s chest, glowing red veins form into ancient runes on the surface of Moon’s skin, Moon’s tattoo of the raven above her heart shrieks attacking the dark blight, Moon screams out, the wolf tattoo over her breast changes too, howling, face of torment and pain.  The wards she placed upon herself, the tattoos all begin changing, briar and thorns grow around her heart.  Moon cries out, and the man withdraws his hand.
“Clever girl, Your wards will keep your heart safe for just awhile longer, but you’ll be mine soon.  This is just a tiny taste, delicious, we are going to have a long night, a long eternal night.  Ready to be branded?”  Laughing he puts the glass of pitch black liquid down and then quickly, savagely he throws her down and bends her over the tabletop.  Reaching for Moon, he licks his lips and lifts, ripping the back of her dress, up the middle, letting it fall off her revealing small red Cat in the Hat panties over her curved and shapely buttocks.
He nears her, opening his robe.  Patches of red and yellow fungus stalks cover his skin, blistering in cracks of red, like smoking brimstone, they sprout out releasing a cloud of spores.  Grinning he reaches out with a clawed finger, and traces Moon’s mouth.  Suddenly, Moon, squirming, barely conscious, hears the bell of a customer opening the door and then a commotion in the main room, something about dog, and not allowed, the owners voice about losing license and all type of legalities, when bounding into the room around the corner a hairy beast launches over the table and grabs the Grim Moose by the neck pulling him down.  It is Stain, their giant dog.  It is a mixed mutt, but must have some pit in him as his jaws lock around the Moose Reaper’s neck and shaking vigorously back and forth in a locked death grip, he rips it open, tearing off the Reaper’s head in a big chunk.
Stain squeals a little and jumps back as a hot fire like magma blood spills out gathering in a puddle, then the Moose man’s body deflates and motionless, slowly burns.  Moon, still paralyzed is rapidly loosing conscious when Chase struts in and seeing Moon and Stain and the burning remains of a black Grim Reaper coat and mask, now mostly ash, takes it all in, and rushing, holds Moon stroking her hair.
He says, “What the hell is happening in here, you alright Moon?”
She is fading fast, “I got here just in time,” he says, “Looks like you’ve been flirting with death.”
She struggles and smiles, silent tears cry out her eyes.
“You could say a birdy showed me to come here, very odd..” he goes on, lifting her up gently,  but Moon is having trouble hearing him.
He stops by the table and says, “What is this?  It’s really a rum and coke right?” He swirls it around the glass then says, “hate for it to go to waste,” and picks up the Grim Reaper’s glass, the yolk of the twin black suns burning.  Moon struggles to warn him.  Chase chugs it down.  
Carrying Moon out the door, he gasps, “Holy Fuck what the hell was in that drink?” she hears him say before Moon loses consciousness and slowly collapses.

CHAPTER 8

“What the hell is happening?”  says Chase once more to Moon’s pepper plant in the windowsill.  “Was that cocktail complete LSD?  What the hell is happening?”  He sees time unravel over different worlds, spent.  Moon’s face appears, she is yelling something, as if to warn him, trying to hear her he pauses.
Moon’s been out cold at the hospital all day.  She has an irregular heartbeat but no one seems to know why.  He cannot seem to remember something else important.  He came back for a reason, feed the dog,  Yes… but something else… He can remember the clock gear golems attacking him on the way over.  But what was it…  She wants…  of course she wants her stuffed animal.  Professor Pickle Pots, the monkey.  She has never slept without him.  
Suddenly Chase’s cell phone rings the tune of ‘Shine on you Crazy Diamond’.  Chase looks down and sees, with a shock, the caller id is “Dad.”  Again!  Only now he is sure this isn’t a prank call.  Now he knows something is wrong.  With astonishment he answers it, his hand shaking, “Hello?”  This time the caller doesn’t hang up.  
Chase doesn’t hear anything at first, it is a butt call.  He strains, there is wind, and far in the background he hears a bird, it is a familiar call, like a raven sounding similar to “Eaaaaaaat meeeeee!”  “Eat me!”  “Eaaaaaaat meeeeee!” he remembers the last time he heard it was when he was with his Father on a picnic and his dad, pointing at the bird in the tree saying, “This is where I want you to bury me, here, underneath our Family tree.”  Suddenly he hears a chatter of a monkey’s loud shriek like a gunshot and the phone hangs up.
He remembers a dream, Moon putting his father’s ashes inside Professor Pickle Pots stuffing and sewing it back up.  Because... why... is it..? He remembers his Father leaving a separate suicide note just for Moon’s eyes alone, he never questioned her about it, trusting in both their judgment, but... he tries to think, what did she say, instructions for when he crosses the threshold of life?   He needs help and he believes the Professor and Moon are the only ones who can give it to him.  
He rushes in their room and finds their monkey on their bed, he grabs it in his arms with a tight hug, as tears stroll down his eyes.  “Don’t go bananas!” yells Einstein, “or at least not without a split!  Hah!  Get it?  Banana split!  Anyone?”  
“Help somebody, Chase is just going ape over here!” Socrates says with stern affection.
Ughh... thinks Chase a little sick at the corny joke.
“Quit monkeying around.” Says Dr. Freud, “Todays our Happy Eirthday, the day we return to the Earth!  Today we begin to win genetic traits for your child to be born!  Now grab that monkey and lets go!”
 “I am the monkey,” says Professor Pickle Pots.
“What?”
“Yes!”
“With me is the only pathway to peace.”
“You can talk?”
“Yes, I will take you to the birthing fields of nirvana!”
“Ok...” Chase closes his eyes.
“Yes, Chase!  Your life as you know it is over.  It is almost done.  Chase, Moon is with child!  This part of your life is crucial!   Nothing must interfere!  Your child will be savior to the world!  This is the true reason why your father died!  He was preparing a spot for your child to be born!  Now you must fight for family traits!”
“What?  I’m....  I’m going to be a father?”  Chase, voice cracking in joyful tears, cries.
“Yes!  You are close to winning!  It is all a fight over which genetic traits your baby will be born with!  You are fighting for genetic traits for your baby growing on your family tree, and you have already won some good ones!  ....but Chase!  You will never see your child!”
“What..  why?” he says gasping.
“You must sacrifice yourself for your child to be born, it is the only way!  Now your baby is close to being born!  You must lead the parade and venture into the dark forest, the pathway to Sain!  Now, put me on your back, take me to the State Park, let me guide you.  Set me freeeee.”

CHAPTER 9

Chase opens the car door and realizes he has traveled to the State Park.  “You must set me free,” says the dancing monkey.
As Chase walks by he awakens the trees, their eyes deeply marooned behind manes of moss and bark, stir.  Leaves along the path, rain down, the wind bristling as he goes past.
With deep roots and stems blooming, he notices Shakespeare writing his play on a toadstool with some Zen monks who have plastic hands inside their pockets.  Their hands are glowing, full of sunshine, underneath their clothing.  The path opens up allowing him through, closing behind him.  Tongues dip in the palette of Mother Nature’s wet pollen, and lick along the forest walls where lost thoughts grow in abundance, confusing the adventurer who journeys too far.  Darker diseased things lie waiting in lairs of the spider queen’s woven cocoons and in the caves of the earth demons.
Chase sees the ghost of sugar lips cricket, smiling up at him, in the weeds, “Welcome to the Forest of Gary, your Father, Guardian to the portal to Sain,” He says as a ball of light touches the horizon.
“Feed me!” an old crow woman croaks.  Chase throws a piece of bread in her general direction, and drops an atomic fireball, in its candy wrapper, to mark the trail, in case he ever comes back.  
“Don’t you remember the story Hansel and Gretel?  Bread is no good!” says Einstein.
“That’s why I’m using candy, remember the gingerbread hut?” Chase replies.
“I don’t get it.  Do you want the candy witch to decorate her house with it?  Or are you on your way to becoming the witch?  This could be how she becomes such a sour puss, giving away all of her candy.   She is forced to fatten up soft and fatty flesh children, easier on her dentures, to eat them, out of hunger and survival maybe she started by tossing all her candy out in the woods, just like you.”
“Maybe I will eat the witch.” Says Chase, smiling and calm like.
“Is the witch made out of candy then?  I just don’t get it,” replies Einstein resigned.
He spots a feline smiling at him, “Who are you?” he asks.
The grinning cat replies, “Who am I?  I am the cheap-desire Cat, but you will not understand, feed me your clock’s head and maybe then will be when.”
“The camera’s rolling!” says Socrates.
“Where?”
“The next shot, a close up, may want to fix your shirt by the way, will be from that camera by the tree stump, Wait!  Don’t look at it!  Just act natural!”
“Oh boy Oh boy!” squeals Dr. Freud, “This has the makings of an instant blockbuster best seller!  Your movie will sell millions!   Now I want you to really play your part, an old ranch hand with a sketchy traumatic past, a drifter who has found a….  what should it be? True love?  Married to a tree?  But a new take, time traveling to the land of the dinosaurs romance mystery!  Try some action shots.  Now for instance you’re Dorothy on the Yellow Brick Road, when out of nowhere Darth Vader attacks!  Now ready 1 – 2 – 3 Action!”
He sees the angel fire, flaming hearts, burning from deep in the woods, a doorway to another place, opening gateways to different stars.  Patches of time end and erode, to unravel the patterns in their bark, they mesmerize him as he looks across Earth’s libraries.  Legends of lore, all of the answers, to the secrets of the universe, all the time, written, can be found right here.  He reads the scrolls of wood listening to the birds speak, casting spells, trapping forest dwellers who venture too deep.  Knowledge is power, and power has a price.
As Chase passes the totem poles, ancestor ghosts turn their heads and cheer, “Welcome Home Son of Gary!” they greet him with longing.  They laugh and welcome him, sensing an end, the monkey on his back, Professor Pickle Pots, will be released, and his child will be born free!  “Happy Eirthday!”  they yell, picking up the scent of exciting jubilee.
“Chase!” a feeble voice says from behind a giant iridescent head mushroom stalk.  He turns and sees lights dancing further in the bog, leading away from the path.
“Who are you?”  He asks to the mesmerizing lights luring him in the distance, he sees nude women in the trees, flowers budding with pink and red surface moss blooming out their mouths, burning with smoldering fire inside their pulp.  They shift from side to side, uncomfortably waiting in line begging for relief.  Moaning, deep inside the wood, they call to Chase, legs smooth bark, onto the tree branches they scale in a collage of beauty, flowers opening up, stirring, lips struggling to keep hold of their sweet nectar, surround him, each flower a seductress, each tree a castle of make believe.  Pollen out their mouths, powdery puffy lips calling for the bees, attracting them, attacking them, “It’s your Eirthday!  Lead us Home!  Please, Chase, Please!” they beg and plead.
Faces merge changing, faces of long dead Egyptian frogs submerged in tattered head dresses, hawk and lions bloom budding and guarding the ancient tombs.
He hears all the ancient ancestors walking beside him.  Chase is on his way to becoming born.  “I’m gonna be a real boy!” says the monkey.
The wind moans in shackles and whips, a hundred maidens of nature carry buckets of stardust to fill their wells, they put their backs into the labor, shovels full of need.  He sees half delivered imps crawling inside and out their assholes and mouths, gorging on their breasts and feeding on their hips.  Ownership of the damned haggled change hands, between imps and demons, trading of souls by a bondsman who commands the forsaken and condemned with a ring, to be married in bondage, a bond, in matrimony, on his hand.  The women’s urgent moans bake rising to the top, exploding in white geysers through the earth’s crust.
“We cannot rest until we fill the well.”  they whisper in his ear.
He carries Moon’s monkey.  He feels Moon walking beside him.  “Do you remember when we made love while playing basketball on the little park’s cracked concrete court, just a mile away, I beat you mercilessly?”  Professor Pickle Pots’s arms squeeze around his neck, his little plush body flapping against his back.
“Yes,” smiles Chase thinking back, “With that triple headed turtle dildo and the inflatable whale, with its magnificent blowhole.”
Chase drops a milk dud.  “That looks like a turd, good luck finding that.” Says Einstein.
“Don’t you see everyone has a turn to be Jesus.” says the flaming shrubbery.  “Now is your turn.  Your tagged it!  Your girlfriend’s monkey is the cross you carry.  You must crucify yourself for your child to be born free of birth defects!”
“There will be a great threshold of pain in crossing over,” says the Professor, “It’s Ok to be a little afraid, but pain sells, and we want your movie to be good,  I refuse to let you wimp out in the last act.  After all even Bambi has some suffering in it, and you watched that, what when you were five?”
The music reveres and opens, full of love, each tree is a musical concert, each flower a different beat, it splashes out, no wall can contain it as the trees dance and the birds all condense into one pounding voice of God.
He is deep into the enchanted forest now.  He sees a beast up ahead, god of the forest, part antelope and lion, part human and tree, it, off the beaten path, walks deep inside the wooden fortress and disappears behind a tree, Chase scampers over to it, he crosses a bridge and turns a corner, as a patch of bright sunlight shoots down from the canopy opening completely engulfs a tree.  Its bark sparkles in the sunlight and it wears its plume of leaves proudly, like a well groomed toupee.  Chase’s Mother Nature, the tree purrs “Welcome Home son!” she says voice deep and sweet sounding in love and recognition, “Welcome Home!  We’ve missed you!”  He holds Moon’s Professor Pickle Pots close and hears a sigh of relief.  He has found his Family Tree.

CHAPTER 10

 “Chase,” says his Father, “ascend up the totem pole with me one more time, let me touch Grandfather Bear’s bark and Mother’s Eagle talons and feathers, Wolf brother’s coat and Santa Claus’s beard, then crucify this monkey to the tree and in three days we will rise and finally be free,” his Father’s voice breaking up, echoes through the forest trees.  The Professor Pickle Pots’ plush cotton lips, turn up in a smile.
He begins his ascent, monkey clinging close to his back.  He is close to the top foliage when a branch sticks out with a familiar mark on the bark, a black skull in a red heart growing from a green tree, the tattoo over his heart, he looks at the branch more closely.
“This is the spot.”
“What spot?”
“This is your true form.  On your family tree, this is where you grow.  This branch is you.  It is the branch of your life, and new growth.  You must crucify us to it young carpenter.”
Chase removes Professor Pickle Pots from his back and sits him on his branch wrapping its arms around the limb, his true form, his physical reality, high among the green canopy.
“Now fall off,” says Professor Pickle Pots sternly.
“but… I won’t survive,” says Chase.
“Fall off!  Don’t you see?  This is an act of Faith!  I will catch you!  You must believe!  This is His plan!  Just lean back and fall, and then the Happy Eirthday celebration begins!”
“No!  I’m getting the fuck down.”
“You dare defy God?!” comes a voice shouting from out the underground.
“Wussy!” screams the crowd, among laughter and voices he has never heard before but sound so familiar.   “Told you it was a lot harder than it looks!”
“You’re almost home!  Don’t give up now!  Your Happy Eirthday party is starting!”
“Ah Chase, biggest wuss ever!  Now you’re forfeited the right of your child to be a man, cannot pass on the male trait.  You didn’t have the balls for it.  You’re child will be a girl in next life!”
“I’m getting down!” he shouts quickly scrambling down the tree.
“Hah ha ha!  I told you Chase!  Now what do you think?  It’s a lot different when you’re it, isn’t it?”
Struggling he slips and slides down the tree, then lets go.  Caught in a tumble of branches, he crash falls hard impacting the ground and landing on his side, a stab of intense pain and then a warming of hot fire.  His left elbow, juts out in an awkward unnatural angle.  Broken, he pushes the bones together.  An intense energy and adrenaline rush throb throughout his body, casting out ripples, a bomb exploding, with waves of aftershock, changing his body’s vibration into an inhuman and powerfully strong signal he broadcasts out in surges.
“If you want your child to be healthy for her next turn, you will break all your limbs and neck,” says Socrates.  “The more pain the more points to buy and trade good family traits.  It is a rite of passage we all must take.  Your girl will be born in a healthy body with no birth defects!  You will grow the best fruit on your branches!”
He feels the energy flowing from this place rock him.  Then, Dr, Freud, in a low whisper says, “But Chase, what if you cut down your family tree?  You will be free, this ripe world will be yours for the taking!”
“But my Moon and my child of Nature?”
“Sure, she will die in child labor, but it will not affect you, what has she done for you?  Did you choose to play this stupid game that was forced on you, just think, you will be God here!  You do not have to exit!  Stay in paradise!”
“You will be trapped in purgatory forever,” says Einstein.  “Is that what you want?”
“Want to be God?” asks Socrates, “What about your Eskimo friend in Alaska, he is praying to God right now for a fish.  What are you going to do about it?”
Chase tries to think of a healthy rewarding thought, But No!  Stop!  Too late!  He gets it only partially right.  He sees his Eskimo friend’s head turn into a monstrous catfish, and his Friend’s terrified son, scared witless, runs away in terror as a villager shoots the fish-head with a harpoon gun, his head busts open like a ripe melon.
“Stop thinking negatively!” screams Socrates.   Chase tries, but too late!  He already is focused on his third grade teacher Mrs. Funkan accidentally running over her dog, crushing it beneath her jacked up station wagon.  He sees people chucking burritos out of moving vehicles at zombies, worms digging in their brains, and it becomes a reality.
“Too much Power,” he says, “I do not want it!”
His demon fiend leans in, “So your friend had a mishap with the whale harpoon gun, such is life.  But do not throw this chance away so lightly.  Being god you can raise him up from the dead, don’t you know.  No harm in that!”
“Think about it, remember George Washington?  He chopped down his own Cherry Tree and they made him president.  Think of what reward you will be given!”
“But Chase,” says Einstein, “remember George Washington’s head was severed and quartered, millions of times over, to be mounted on each coin, and his head pressed on every dollar bill.  That is his cross he must carry, that is his own hell!  You don’t want that!”
Temptation comes streaming in again.  He feels the millions of outlets he is plugged into turn on once more, with the volume on high, his chakra climbs the pole exponentially.  “I am God,” he says.
He is making love to the world while eating cake, the high is so powerful, so strong, He hears the truth, But… no!  “I will not banish my family to oblivion!  I will not chop down my tree!”  He proclaims with deeply rooted conviction.
“Ok, pick the hard road will you?  I doubt you really know the father’s true roll in conceiving a child.  Here we go, they will take you to the hospital and break all of your bones, so your baby will be born healthy, then they drain your brain, removing all of your family traits for your child, but there is a price to pay.  For the help in your next life you must be a doctor, and shovel bags of intestines into buckets, and eat out the cancer and festering tumors with tartar sauce and ketchup.  Yum yum!”
 “Chase the parade to the hospital is starting, you must find the vagina to enter with nothing on you, no material possessions, to fight for your child in the underworld!  Your baby is about to be born!”  shouts someone from the crowd.  
“Remove all of your clothing you will, and get in your birthday suit, you must!” says a familiar creature behind a flaming bush.  “Yoda?”
“Leave behind all material things, you no need!  Now free you will be.” Says Yoda, “Your Eirthday it is!  The day you return to the Earth, must now go!”
Dad is crying happy tears he is so proud, “Chase, you did it!  On Black Friday Weekend too, after Thanksgiving when most Americans go shopping, you’re the presidential turkey!  Now undress and we will butter you up for the feast!  Get in your Birthday suit Son!”
“Yes, your baby will be born free of birth defects!  If you get naked now!"
“Strip down hairless ape,” says Moon giggling, “Come on show the world your little chu-chu!”
Chase takes off his clothes.  He stands naked before God.
“Hear the music?  Now lead the parade, start the running of the Turkey, and we will feast on you, and three days later when you return, your child will be born!”
 “Chase!” yells grandmother tree, “It’s a day after Thanksgiving and you are the Thanksgiving Turkey!  You are long overdue!  What are you waiting for?  Your child is in Mother Nature’s oven and if you do not come out soon your baby will be burnt into ash and char!  You don’t want her to die in labor do you?  It is the running of the turkey!  You’re it!  Begin your run!”
He feels Moon’s intense presence next to him, he holds her hand.  Laughing at the absurdity, at the joke of life, he runs through the woods like there is no tomorrow, searching for a clue as to how to enter Mother Nature’s womb.  What will it even look like?  Does he have to squeeze into it?  Energy, amplifying his adrenaline, on high, he never remembers feeling so good.
“What will my daughter look like in her next life?’  he wonders out loud, “Can you show me?  I know I will never again get an opportunity to see her.”   In answer, he almost runs into the woman God created Chase’s daughter to be in the next life.
She shrieks shocked, “What, what do you want?”
He pauses at this, is this a test?  What do I want?  Love?  Power?   “World peace!” he says.
She screams.
“Ok, maybe just a burrito?  What about you, you’re so beautiful, I know we don’t have very long!  You want a turkey sandwich right?  Yuk.. yuk yuk, Seeing how I am the Presidential turkey!   Get it?”
She backs up and looks around.
“Oh my God!” he laughs pointing, “You have my nose, poor girl, but lucky you, you got your mom’s eyes!”
The woman, his daughter in the next life, is wearing a funny expression.  She looks oddly pained, the corners of her mouth pull at him, as if impaled on a big fish hook.
“You’re Beautiful!  I am so happy!  I am very proud of you, you know?” he says laughing in amazement.  He is a little worried about her lack of enthusiasm and poor body language.
 “You’re Crazy!” yells the lady.
“It’s OK, we’ve going to be sane!  I can feel it!”  He feels the energy of God pulsing through him, he is very, very close now to finding the exit, Mother Nature’s womb, and she will be born!
 “What?”  she says.
“I don’t get it.”  Chase says looking around, the area is growing dark, with moss and diseased trees fallen across their path, “Is the womb in this swamp?”  “Moon?”
“Yes Baby,” the leaves breathe.
“What is happening?”
“You fuckhead, your fucked, don’t you remember, you were supposed to pick someone to be it for next turn, but instead you swallowed the grenade and picked yourself again.  Now you are it again.  You keep doing this.  The game is meant to be fun, you are taking it too seriously, we are sending you help!  You need to get out!”
 “Daughter” says Chase, “I do not want you to be born with birth defects!”
“What!  Are you insane?”  She remarks in a high pitch.
“Out of my tree.”  he admits catching it.
“You are going to be my daughter!”
“What do you want!”  she yells crazily.
“To find the exit and be born, doesn’t every tree dream of being free?”
In one hand she holds a phone, whispering into it, in her other hand she grips a massive walking stick.
“Well are you coming or not?  Gonna get in your birthday suit?”
“What’s their problem?” asks Socrates.
Chase cries out in desperation, wiping away a tear, “How the hell am I supposed to do this?”
“What?”
“Well I am the turkey,” he says, “don’t you want a drumstick?”
“Maybe she’s a vegetarian,” says Socrates.
“Ok, I’ll be the first to admit it, I have no idea what is going on,” Chase says.
“What the fuck is going on!” screams Einstein.
He looks at the woman, “Daughter take off your eyeglasses!  You do not want to be born blind do you?  Take them off!”  
The trees start to moan in pain.
“Where do we go?”  he asks.
Suddenly a voice calls from a clearing, “Follow the Yellow Brick Road!”
“Who are you?  The emperor of Oz?”
“You could say that,” says a voice from below.
Chase stares down and sees a baby cricket sitting on a large rock. “Chase!  Hi!  I am Sweet Lips Cricket!”
“Your fucking kidding me, another one?”
“I am son of Sugar Lips Cricket!  Chase you must carry me and I will help you in the future.”  Says Sweet Lips Cricket and he hops into Chase’s hair.  “Let’s rocket into the sixth dimension!”
“This is just like the wizard of Oz!’  says the Professor.
“Tigers and Lions and Bears, Oh my!”  He says.
“No!  Not another cricket, I need some help!  Call the police!” says Chase to his daughter, “Tell them about the cricket!”
“Tigers and Lions and Bears and Foxes, Oh my!” says Sweet Lips.
“I already did asshole!” yells his daughter, “They should be here any minute to shoot you!” she says smashing her walking stick against Chase’s skull.
“Tigers and Lions and Bears and Foxes and Wolves, Oh my!”  Chase, caught up in the song, counters dancing with the trees.  
They are singing their thirty seventh verse, after just adding elephants and giant squids to the mix, when Chase sees men in uniform charging at him from down the path, they draw out their weapons.
“You failed breaking your bones yourself.  Now we are going to enlist in some help, wussy.  The police will help you break them, but there is a price to pay, you will have to moonlight as a cop in the next life and fill cream donuts with Bubba!”
“No!  Wait I can do this!”
“No, too late.  You’ve become a cop.  Now you will know how we make all of those donuts you so freely enjoy?”
Chase sighs then continues, it’s time!  Cameras!  Light!  Action!  “Brothers, let’s make this look good,” he says to the officers as scooping low he picks up a stick and turning, runs into the light.  He charges the police just like Luke Skywalker.  
Time stops.
A bird chirps, a pinecone falls, then suddenly space erupts and Chase releases a sigh of relief as the sun shines bright from a parting in the clouds.  He sees a bird in midflight, speed out of the atmosphere.  He wonders about poor George Washington first player of the game.  “Don’t hate the player, hate the game,” says George.  
Chase laughs thinking about God’s joke, only now does he get the punch-line.  He must make this a good action scene, but his movie, Chase knows, is going to be a comedy.
As the police pummel him to the ground, Chase hears in the background Moon’s beautiful voice singing.
“Close your eyes Chase,” sings mother tree, “We will carpet you away to victory.”
He hears voices all around as the trees pick up their roots and begin their long migration home.  He smells the stench of death from the holes they leave, full of bodies, which fed and nourished them.
“Your senses are all lies, you can only trust us,” says Socrates, Freud, Einstein and Moon at the same time.
“Chase!  I am so sorry but we need you, we need you to infiltrate the land of Sain, the only portal to the underworld is in the asylum, we need you to penetrate him there, it is the only way!”
 “You are about to be sentenced for attempted rape, abduction, and two counts of assaulting police, how do you plead?”
Guilty.  Guilty.
“Come into the depths of hell with me..”
“Come dance.”
“Not guilty by reason of insanity.”
Rot in the asylum.
Now your true training begins...

CHAPTER 11

The old man’s eyes are clenched close.  The redness in his cheeks rise like the top of meatball stew and his hand shakes as he points to Chase, motioning him closer.  
“Oh that’s Ed Patience,” says the ward nurse, “Pay him no mind, he’s harmless, good natured.  He hasn’t opened his eyes or spoken a word in twenty years.  I personally think he can but just doesn’t want to.  For twenty years.  Crazy huh?”
She goes and sits down behind the counter, leafing through an Esquire magazine.
The man vigorously tries to gain Chase’s attention now, lips trembling, eyes clenched close, face overjoyed. He is holding a red book entitled “Mother Machine – a lovers space odyssey”. Chase shrugs and walks over to the man.  Chase doesn’t know what to do so he pats the man on the back and says “How do you do?”
A string of snot is dangling out of the man’s nose, the man’s face changes with a smile, glowing angelically he waves at Chase and makes room for him on the wooden couch.  The couch is nailed to the floor with thick plastic cushions made uncomfortable and hard to sit on, there is a wooden railing dividing the couch into three seats, to keep people from stretching out and laying on it.  Chase sits next to the old man.  On the tv, high on the wall, behind a layer of plexiglass, is Daffy duck who’s intent on painting mustache’s on every face he can, the topping crown achievement is the Mona Lisa, as he laughs, he clicks his heels and runs away with Porky Pig chasing.
Ed Patience nods his head.
Chase smiles “Hi,” says Chase, “Have you like taken a vow of silence and blindness?”
“Yes,” says the man.  Ed opens his eyes and looks directly at Chase with a smile.  “Until now.”
Chase, a little taken aback, says “a nod would have done it, I would still have been able to understand you with just a nod.”
The man laughs and nods his head.  “They call me Patience,” he says, “The patient patient.  Know how long I have been waiting for your arrival?” he speaks.
“What?  What are you talking about?”
“Twenty years!” his eyes glaze over for a second and he quickly switches topic, “know the discipline it takes to let the snot string hang out your nostril without itching or blowing your nose?  Well it’s not as easy as it looks!”
“Oh, no.  But wow, that’s amazing!” says Chase, at first a little skeptically, but then a strong feeling on bedrock that this man is telling the truth.  “Why is that?  Waiting twenty years for me?” he asks in an off-key voice, thinking he already knows the answer.
For explanation the man points down the lone corridor at the end of the dayroom.  It is the only room the camera is watching, it has a caged padded security door and is sealed at the end.  “That is where they restrain the patients who are violent, but it used to be where they kept the ones with multiple personalities…  you know the Jesus freaks and Socrates, Einstein and Dr. Freud, Bugs Bunny and Medusa, lot more, but,” he pauses as if side tracked, then says, “yes, about 20 years ago, a fire started, they think electrical, with lightning involved,” the old man cheeks split and he cackles for a while, “Do you know how to summon lightening?” his smile broadens as he nods his head in remembrance, “but yes, every one of the patients in that room died, burnt to a crisp, the door to the outside locked, they died, all stuffed in the bathroom stall trying to get away from the fire, they think, although they never recovered all of the bodies, think some were incinerated in the cage.  It turns out underneath the asylum is a very bad place to keep the fuel depot.  He he he!”  He smiles all gums.
“Oh that’s very sad.”  Says Chase staring down the hall.
A man with an extremely long bumpy nose and a handlebar mustache turns from the corner and walks by them slowly and with a big smile.
The old man turns to the big nose man chuckling, “How’s Life Sinx?  That nose, looks like you microwaved a waxed pear and stuck it to your face!”  Sinx nodding, starts laughing uncontrollably; he wipes tears of joy off his face hugging the old man.  Then he looks at Chase, “It’s amazing what a giraffe full of laughter can do.”  He says, then walks away.
Chase looks at the old man quizzically, something so familiar..
“They do have long necks.”  Says the old man, then, “Reminds me..  remember, when you are in the cage follow the trail of footprints, they will lead you home.” Says the old man.
“What?  What are you talking about?”
“When they lock you up in the cage there are portals on the floor and walls.  Do you know how to walk through the walls?”
Chase after thinking about it says, “Why would I be restrained in that room?  I’m not violent.”
The man takes a deep breath, he looks around, so does Chase, no one is watching them, they are alone for the moment.  Ed’s eyes twinkle as he reaches over and pats Chase’s shoulder, “They call me Patience, but I think my wait is now over.”
The old man lowers his pants, reaches behind him and pulls something out of his ass crack, it is a pen.  He runs his fingers over it, “I’ve been carrying this concealed for twenty years.”  Says the man.
“Oh, what have you been writing?”
“Oh, no, it stopped writing years ago, it’s out of ink.”
“Oh yes, of course.  Very interesting.  I guess you could practice writing with it,” says Chase trying to give him some scraps of encouragement.
The man makes a toothy smile and jams the pen, stabbing it fiercely, into his neck.
He screams, garbling out in shrieking pain, suddenly there are yells and quick movements.  The staff huddle around, with walky talkies, talking very fast, an alarm begins ringing, blood is shooting out the old man, some spilling out his mouth, “Tell them I said Hi, I miss those guys,” he says gurgling, then points to Chase as the staff gather trying to seize some control, the other patients shriek back, men come running in and grab Chase, throwing him to the ground, keeping his face pressed into the floor with the heel of their boots.
“I didn’t do..”
“What was it Chase, when you tried to rape this man, he said no so you stabbed him?”
“What?  I didn’t.. I’m not…”
A doctor shakes his head, the security guard yells, “Shut up!  You just murdered him.  Your caper and killing spree is at an end.  A very dead end…”

# # #
The End (of Book I)

Seducing Medusa Book Two

CHAPTER 12

Chase awakening hears the faraway locomotive of a steam engine, a man in white steps in the padded room.  “I am Dr. Wormpeeler and you don’t want to kill yourself, do you?” he asks as the nurse gives Chase an injection.  
“These are the antipsychotics you agreed to Chase.  This is part of your recovery.  We will save your soul from hell yet!”
“Yes,” says Dr. Wormpeeler, “We will at least give it a good shot!  Hah!  Get it?  Ha ha hah!  You’ve been a very bad boy!  Yes you will be here under my strict control forever!   Ha ha ha!  You really need me!”
Chase does not know which set of mouths on the walls, opening and closing  in large gaping toothed smiles and tightly sealed frowns, are talking to him.
He catches the secret wink.  Lips, wet sausages, dunked in ranch dip, contort, as they conspire in a smile, the Doctor grins devilishly as if he is inviting Chase to his tea party.  The doctor’s rusty trailer of nude and refurbished cadavers, working late hours, claw at Chase’s hitch.  Faces occasionally peer in through the small plexiglass window on the door, before they disappear downstream, swimming for a distant shore.  The walls breathe in a sigh of relief as Chase releases his line and fishes for big game in the big deep.
The man’s plastic hands glow inside his pockets and curl round his shadow of the Atomic Bomb on the cell wall.  The bomb drops.
Chase knows they will all burn as from out of the sky the atomic bomb tumbles, falling down.  It continues its descent and reaching the earth it detonates, opening in a halo of golden rays, opening in an eye of somber brilliant fire, he sees a much younger Moon, but... wait... no, this isn’t Moon, this is his daughter!  His princess!  She is in the driveway playing with her doll as the bomb blast incinerates her into dust.  The detonation goes roaring past, a river rushing into a forest’s meadow. 
He gasps in shearing pain.  He calls out to her, but she has already extinguished flame.
The planes of reality switch, and he merges slowly into existence again.  This is his child from another timeline, another spirit realm.  Somehow he must save her!  “Your light house cries home, you must go,” whispers voices in the forest of shadows.
The bomb explodes again in a raindrop’s falling universe, turning into pinpoints of light.  He is haunted by her screams of life, so suddenly silenced and thrust inside dead sterile ash.  Chase is helpless, as the cycle repeats itself.
The shade on the wall sings, “Warn your friends in the Dagobah system, only you can save them.  Sit in the corner, hold onto the bomb, contain its blast, swallow it down, now don’t let go!”
Chase holds his breath in, but too weak to suffocate, gasps.  The atomic bomb, reloads, and as the sun creeps up from the horizon the blast erupts again, this time it first consumes the flesh of his child’s hands she holds up to protect her head.
“God!  Stop this!  You must...” he chokes in a strangled cry, “Moon, daughter, forgive me!  I am so sorry,” says Chase and his child, his princess, disintegrates again.  Her presence becomes shade fading on the wall, desensitized.  He inhales bits of her atoms, spilling from outside of her disintegrating exposed eye’s emptying window.  Here is an part of her throat to make the sound of her sweet melodious laughter, crumbling into a waterfall of atoms, a specter, her shadow, splitting atomically and withering in pain while watching him, trusting him, longing for freedom from pain.
“Why must one suffer?” Chase asks the question, weeping, as the bomb falls again.  The man in white scribbles on his tabloid.
“Why shouldn’t people who live in glass houses throw stones?” Dr. Wormpeeler counters with a question of his own.
“Why do we destroy our own home when the alternative is to grow?”
“Like what?” asks the man.
“The beanstalk, Jack had faith would take him high,” says Chase in tears.  “I would have liked to of been able to read a story to my daughter,” more tears roll out his eyes, “a fairy tale...”
“Do you have Faith?”
“I’m climbing the shadows searching for the cloud castle.  What do you believe?”
“Isn’t this where all the sewages lead?”
The bomb comes screaming down, the moment stuck, the atoms making a hole in the fabric of time and space, the moment doomed to forever repeat itself in a chain reaction with no ending as the bomb reloading, erupts again.  This time his daughter is looking up holding her doll in the air as an offering.  Death’s hungry minions crawl out the spa of the solidified air before everything liquefies, compacting into the size of a pin, and disintegrates over again.  His child looks up at the sun, her eyes scared, as her face caves in, atoms spill from her body into a puddle.
After so many times she knows, is aware.  Her doll’s lips dissolve from red to a bleach white, plastic bubbling from its mouth’s hole and overflowing, into a grotesque screaming gaping grin.  She also begins melting, her fingers drip off bone into a gooey pool, rolling down her arms and legs into the running stream of skin.  She screams in pain and disbelief.  Her organs melt exposing her skeleton and still alive, she shrieks in fear.  She cries out to Chase.
Chase, helpless, points to her favorite tree.  She sees a butterfly there, as her eyes boil in the stew of her brain.  The butterfly’s mouth, a universe, explodes out and opens into a rose beautiful to gaze upon.
A purple light blinds.
The nurse slaps his arm and readies a needle to stick in him, she says, “Oh here’s a good one,” and compliments Chase’s healthy veins, looking for one to drain.  She will pull it out, shriveled, into a thread.  Once enough of his veins are pulled, they will have him knit a sweater out of them.  Chase clings to his tacky wool socks knowing how much pain went into completing them.
His head the nut shell to his brain is cracked, his head is so heavy he can barely lift it, he needs to plant it.   “There is good in the world too, right?” he says, as the bomb explodes again.  This time the doll is abandoned on the driveway and his daughter, his young princess, is holding the butterfly inside her hands shielding it.
They both disintegrate into a cloud of particles.
“I hope you are better,” says the man before he goes.
“God wants us to be good, doesn’t he?” Chase asks.
The shadows on the wall surround him.  His shadow turns into a tree.  They are training him to walk through the walls.  He will stay here until he learns.  He must pass through the antechamber, where the living heart of the world burns. 
“Chase!” screams a voice from below, “Keep your eyes closed, your sight is an illusion!”  
But it is so addicting! thinks Chase.  He keeps wanting to see what will happen next, “I wonder how I really look.” he says to his shadow.
Chase shuts his eyes and his third eye opens.  He sees a canopy of pink and blue twilight lights twinkling close.  Chase journeys towards them, he walks for hours, hearing Woodlyn creatures scurrying all around, but suddenly he hears Moon’s laughter.  She always trumps any thought, he opens his eyes to see her, breaking the seal.  
He thumps into the wall, he has only traveled three feet, he is still in his small padded room.  He gets up and runs and collides with the padded door of the cage.
Darkness and death is sailing through his veins.  “Chase you must keep your eyes closed!  It is the only way!”  Chase, tightly closes his eye lids, he, thrashing, against his will, the medications detonating in his brain, his body exploding fights in spasms.  A scream of cogs turning, darkness then a light, a vein to the sun and he travels through a complex series of tunnels before he sinks through the pipes in the wall, catapulting, into the hospital’s kitchen.
He hears the surgeons talking about his brain, their love of dissection, their voices come closer.  Chase sees through his mind’s eye, as he quickly falls into a dream…
He needs a disguise.  Fast.  He grabs a wax pear and nukes it in the microwave for thirty seconds.  It beeps and he quickly sticks the wax fruit on his nose.  There is a large knockwursts package on the kitchen counter.  He sticks his fingers in the large squishy smoked sausages then puts on a pair of surgeon gloves, his hands are now giant sized.  He lifts up a National Geographic magazine to hide his face and begins reading an article about the ideal conditions for the God cell to reproduce.  A pretty face and hot ass wouldn’t hurt, he thinks.
“Are you ill young man?’ asks the brain surgeon, with a giant bushy brown mustache draping over his lips so it blows out a little every time he speaks.  His voice, his words leap out the 13th floor rooftop to splatter on the crowded sidewalk below, a leap of freedom from his deranged mind, his words leaping out of his mouth, committing suicide every time the man talks.
Chase clears his throat.  “Oh good show old man!”  he extends his sausage finger hand, “Am I ill?  Well I do have a few STD’s,”  Good, good, show a little vulnerable side, Chase thinks then continues, “but I don’t let that stop me from operating on brains!”
“Your fingers look strong and perfect for meticulous brain surgery, long and nimble.  Nice.” 
“Yes, the better to feel you with.”  Says Chase, “Care to hold them?”
The surgeon has a look of disgust, “Eh.. well I am sure we will bump into each other again, small world don’t you know, I have to go now, three brain dissections scheduled for later this afternoon.  Got to get a big burger, rare and juicy, just like a fresh brain.  I was going to eat some third generation knockwursts, but one of my colleges must have beaten me to the punch!”     
“Ha ha!  Yes of course, I have six brains I need to operate in the next hour myself.”  Good!  good!  He thinks, allow the brain surgeon to feel inferior, act like I am the boss, act like I own the place!  “Seems like no matter how many I dissect there’s always more.  I like to say God keeps installing them, faster than we can yank them out.  Ha!  Ha!  By the way, your brain is looking very appealing!  Not looking for an early withdraw are you?  Ha Hah!  You should look at my office, hoarder doesn’t describe it, just no more room for any more brains!  But, that’s my own cross to carry.  But it sure dosn’t take much brains, Hah! to know Jesus!”
The brain surgeon looks scared, Good I got you now, thinks Chase, just the mention of Jesus and your world will begin to crumble.
“I need to use the restroom,” says the surgeon urgently trying to escape.
“Number 2?” asks Chase, keeping him a little longer, playing, with the surgeon, torturing him some.  Chase nods with concern on his face.
“That’s uh... that’s between me and God.” Says the surgeon who turns quickly and nearly trips, running away down the hall, “I have a lot of brains too!” he adds a little defensively as he rushes out the door.
Chase’s body is changing from shadow to light.  Faces rise up from a dark hole screaming.  He sees a man in white laying on a cot in the hallway, below him are jars of brains.  The man’s body is in a fetal position around the brains.
“This is Dr. Wormpeeler!” says a voice from Chase’s head.  Not inside it but, different, what..?  Suddenly a tiny cricket jumps out of Chase’s hair.  “Don’t worry it’s me, Sweet Lips Cricket, son of the Late Sugar Lips Cricket,” says the baby cricket.  “You smoked my dad.”  
There is a twang of sadness, a half swallowed cry, “Do you believe in fate Chase?  I think this is why I was created.  To help you Chase.  We have established an open channel between me and you.” The cricket continues hopping across the floor.  “We are connected and now I will be a willing sacrifice, as my Father was, so you may be free,” says Sweet Lips Cricket, “it seems it is my families destiny, our cross to carry, to give our lives to you in forfeit, I hope it is worth it, so much suffering of my family, we have invested our lives and love into your heart, we believe in you Chase!  Please don’t let me and my whole lineage of ancestral crickets die in vain!” he hop hops, then hops inside Dr. Wormpeeler’s open mouth.  The Doctor gags and coughs a little then continues to snore.  “I will work my way to his eyes and lower brain lobe then connect inside, establishing a channel through me for you to watch and observe this madman’s movements.  Farewell Chase!  I love you!”
Chase blinks and is back in the padded cell.
Shadows dance across the depth of the walls, projecting his thoughts, he is the cause of the suffering.  Every time he blinks is like hitting enter on the keyboard of his thoughts.  Chase thinks it and blink - Enter - it becomes reality.  If he can only keep his eyes closed and never open them again, the suffering will end.  He steps into a puddle of darkness, and comes out the other side.  He closes his eyes and is with his child.  He hands her doll to her from off the driveway.  She looks scared but makes a small smile.
“You are my butterfly princess,” Chase says, “This is your cocoon!  I love you so much!    You are a miracle I do not deserve and I will always be a part of you.  We will metamorphosis into something beautiful!  You are never alone, my daughter!  Just focus on The Love, we are almost there!  You will make it through!  You will make it to the other side, where all dreams come true, and you will become a Queen!”
She nods happily and squeezes his hand.  The bomb falls off the tree, there are many others growing there, the fruit of oblivion.  It explodes just before touching ground.  Disintegrating, Chase feels his body burn off his bones.  His skin sheds,  the atoms of their organs pulls apart spiraling out into a distant galaxy.  They hug and cling close to the butterfly’s soft belly, holding on to its furry leg, and spilling out loose, he feels his body squeeze through the tiny cocoon hole, it forces juices out to form his wings as from his cocoon he, a raven, guards his butterfly on a joy ride, and they fly away.
He hears the door slowly creak open, “Ready to eat?” says the man in white.  He smells hotdogs.
 “How are you feeling now?” Dr. Wormpeeler asks.
“I’m just having a blast,” Chase says with his eyes tightly clenched closed, “We all have choices on the menu of Reality.  This is Lunch.”
A caterpillar crawls out of his mouth.
“You know,” says Doctor Wormpeeler, “when you drank the yolk of the twin black suns, it attached to your soul, demonic procession don’t you know!  Not only will I deliver to Sain your brain but the chosen one, your child, will usher in a new era of darkness for the next million years!”
“Med time!” shouts the nurse.  Chase hears a whine of wheels rolling on hard tile.  It is a male nurse.  The cart pushes close to the door.  Chase is given a small cup.  “Here you go, here are the meds we talked about and the Doctor ordered.  They may put you out,” he chuckles, “we are charging two dollars and fifty cent admissions, we will start sending them in!”  He hands Chase a cup.  
Chase downs the pills and washes them down, Kool aid!
“Bottoms up Chase.”
“Into outer space,” agrees Chase swallowing eyeballs, from out their sockets.  
Chase keeps his eyes shut.  For real now he thinks.  I’m going to keep them closed this time!  He suddenly sees glowing foot prints from all four corners leading to the toilet and stepping in.  None lead away.
He feels his body changing and mutating as the pills kick in.  Suddenly he feels a rushing ocean of heat fill his legs, burn his feet. Chase walks to the toilet and steps in.  He takes a deep breath and hesitates, says a silent prayer, and flushes.  As the water rushes out he sinks through the floor, traveling through the plumbing headed towards the bright light at the end of the pipe.  He merges with the underground network of tunnels built just below the asylum. 
“Welcome to the Underworld,” says the Beast holding the plumbing.  “You finally made it,” the Beast brings the plumbing pipe out of his mouth, taking another deep drag he smokes it and laughs, “You’re a real cool cat.  A real work of art, this time, you should see how you look.  You’re so ugly!  How ugly are you?  You’re so ugly that your huge nose looks like a wax pear you microwaved and stuck on your face!”   He laughs and slaps Chase’s back.  “Ha ha!  anybody?  anybody?  Hah! right, sausage fingers?  Your movie will win the golden globe award for sure!”
“What’s up?” asks Chase a smile entrenched across his face.
“You are such a dumbass!  Really Chase, funny!  But now that you’ve returned, the sage Socrates begs for an audience, he is in the antechamber, straight through that wall,” the Beast points and puts the plumbing pipe back in his mouth and takes a deep drag, he chokes a little on it.  Chase walks up to the doorless room’s wall, closes his third eye, and takes a step forward.

CHAPTER 13

“Chase!  It’s me, Sweet Lips Cricket!  Son of the late Sugar Lips Cricket!  Chase!  Good news for you, not so much me!  I made it into Dr. Wormpeeler’s lower brain lobes and was able to plug in!  You can now spy on him in your dreams!  You can share the thoughts from his mind!  Now watch!  I am allowing you to record this to your memory so you will still remember once you awake!” 
Dr. Wormpeeler ‘sterilizes’ the point 9 needler, and says, “Now, this WILL hurt quite a….”
The ‘patient’, a rubbery face, looks like he has already forgotten why he is here or what the doctor is doing, the metal mouth guard keeping his mouth pried closed prevents him from talking.  Dr. Wormpeeler installed it in the patient’s mouth because the patient has an unpleasant scream.
”Lot!” Finishes the Doctor as he begins extracting brain tissue.  “How fortunate we are running a ‘BRAIN MAINTENANCE’ special today!  Brain cleaning, which includes the LOBE LUBE and internal vacuuming at no extra charge!”
His slogan, ‘CLEAN BRAIN CLEAN BODY”, is over the door of this once adult-library.
Most the shelves left intact are still surrounding them.  The operating table sits, in the eye of the hurricane.  He sees books and magazines of nude women and men with knobby table legs being polished, gnomes wearing fish heads, he sees demons sucking flesh off nurses’ cakes filled with lard, sausage and cottage cheese.  More magazines lie strewn everywhere, some falling off the shelves.
Giant, metal poles, black as night, jut like spider legs over them and shine heavy fluorescents illuminating the pair.
The patient’s spasms are happening less and less frequently.
“You, my purple face patient, you, have a lot of nerve!  Get it?  NERVE?!  HA ha ha HA!”
Sometimes the weaker ones do not survive, that is Ok, thinks the Doctor, he still can use them for spare parts, the brain maintenance can take its toll, but Dr. Wormpeeler does not let that discourage him.
“How do you feel?” he asks the mess of tubes and padding making up the head gear open in back, “Well as I like to say, ‘No Brain, No Pain’,  Get it?  HA hA Ha HA!”
As he is operating he plays the hypno voice, in the head gear cuffling, a blurb 1/10 of a second long which repeats over and over in a hypnotic pulse, a jingle, a seducing piece.
The blurb repeats, changing often, something wordless yet to the effect of “I ask no questions!   I feel inferior to you, Dr. Wormpeeler!  I want to please you, Dr. Wormpeeler!   You are my master!  You have a big penis!  I WILL erase SELF-WILL!”
As he finishes up he calls for the other mentally ill patients, turned orderlies, to wheel out their new member.  Needless to say, business is good; but as the Doctor knows all too well, good is just a chemical reaction, a never tangible state of mind.

CHAPTER 14

The crazy chaotic lights burst, opening as Chase rockets past, they are glowing and pulsating.  As if alive they call out to him, and he answers the only way he can, with his mouth trembling, he finds his voice, "Where?"
"yes"
"Am?"
"yes"
"I"
“yes”
“You are in the Temple of Gord and Even, the Temple of Water, inside Hades QueenBurger, on the third plane of hell, this joint is hidden from the power hungry custom nine shade demons patrolling the borders of Sain to keep you out.  They are searching for you.”
“Who are you?”  Shadows spiral, lights hidden inside of clouds, voices rush up and are silenced.
“I am an agent of the mind.  I am your wolf and hell hound brother, Socrates, there are only a handful of us left now, we are being systematically hunted down my brother.”
 “I am a little confused.”
“Open your eyes, it is OK now.”
Suddenly the light spirals into colors of vivid red and blue and like sculptures molded on a spinning wheel, the clay takes shape.  Before him is a man clad in a fur pelt, his hair a striking white.  His hair is so white, its blue, and sharply contrasts his pitch black beard, but his dog face is built from heavy layered fur and skin, with bald patches of scars and burns.  His face has the look of dirty gold rocks strip mined from out of the kitty litter cat box, but his most striking features are his long plump lips, like juicy hotdog wieners, they look like two huge earthworms having an orgasm while devouring a small cow, his face, as if in an afterthought,  looks like the churned and chewed up afterbirth vomiting out of his pregnant mouth, leather smoking, hungry, dying of thirst, while floating in the ocean hungry, the earthworms now mating, in spasms.  His eyes are clenched shut, tightly closed, so that they wrinkle his face, and his lips are pursed up like they need a kiss.
"You… You're " gasps Chase, “butt ugly.  Uglier than anything I have ever seen!”
Socrates smiles.  And he swirls his mustache around to add rise to the puppy dog face, “Your no prize winner yourself, have you looked in the mirror yet?  But really different worlds, different turds, appearances and social norms change with each experience, each jump.”
With Socrates’ eyes still tightly shut, the background changes as they fly through it, his hands busy with a small device, like he is working a slide projector with a remote, but it is, Chase notices, a Rubix Cube.
“Tell me,” Chase says curiously, "Were you the one telling me to close my eyes this whole time?"
"Eyes lie brother," His lips work the corners of a forgiving smile, as tiny light particles collect along the edges of his clenched eyelids.
"Can you see me, with your eyes shut?" asks Chase.
"In many ways my man, in many ways, but I guess, yes I will open them.  Here in the Underworld of Hades Queenburger’s safe house, it’s safe to look,” he says, and he straightens up and grins.  Socrates hesitantly cracks open his locked eyelids, intensely bright beams of light break free.
Chase gasps in awe, cowering in the bright shiny light, as Socrates’ eyes open wide and wider, a flashing blinding light, pours out, a pure beaming stream of warmly intoxicating light.  Behind the light, in the hole of Socrates eyes, Chase can see a padded cell where a shrouded figure sits.  The figure reaches out to adjust the control knobs.  
"Look out!' Socrates warns with a gentle smile and he fully opens his eye orbs.  Elastic ligaments, shoot out, attached to bags of meatloaf, squeezing out the tiny intestines of his eyesockets and like a tube of toothpaste, the meatloaf is squeezed out.  The bags of stuffed intestines fully blow out of his eyes billowing, as more substance pours into them and, fully inflated, like balloons, they, reaching their critical mass limit, they explode and pop.  The thick creamy, solidified porridge blows out across the floor and walls sticking to them like paint on a canvas.
Before Chase realizes the eye intestines are a distraction it is too late, his mind finds the target, the presence always felt but never seen, leaping out, out of the darkness stands a skinny frogman.  He is standing on an empty plate.  Chase feels a void of a vortex rearranging his mind.  He also feels another’s touch in his mind, Socrates is probing and searching.  Socrates unlocks a memory then leaves.   The light is all that is left inside the darkness.  In the light is truth, but the truth is the bait.  
“Kiss me,” commands the frogman, lips pursed.  He is wearing a Christmas red and green sweater and slacks of knitted yarn.  
Hesitant, Chase kneels down and kisses the frogman on the lips.  The frogman smiles, his tongue, sticky with fly bodies still stuck on, licks the inside of Chase’s mouth, his tongue going down the walls of Chase’s throat, Chase tries to back up and escape. The frogman stops and retracts his tongue making the thumbs up sign with both his hands, and laughs.  A small pickle has suddenly appeared on the plate behind the frogman.
“Ah…  that was just an illusion then,” says Chase laughing, remembering, remembering, “Oh, good one!” he laughs heartedly.
Socrates laughs too, in agreement.  As the light bleeds out his eyes, “I told you eyes lie,” smiling.
“Who is the frog?”
“He is a traveler, one of his names is Yopa.  Now, I will give you the option that was not given me.  If you wish to go back to your fantasy eat the pickle and turn around right now and walk back through the portal, but if you wish to know the truth, you must eat Yopa’s legs.”
“What?  Wow.  I mean does the truth have to hurt him so much?  It seems like needless suffering.  Why eat his legs?  Why not just the pickle?”
Socrates nods his head, “Yes the truth hurts doesn’t it?  It always comes with such a high price.”
Chase scratches his chin, looks around, shrugs his shoulders at Socrates.  “What do I do?” 
Yopa, pulls off his knitted Christmas slacks made out of red and green yarn and he folds them neatly, “You know my momma made these for me twenty years ago,” he says, “it took her nine months to make them.  When she gave them to me, she called them her baby’s baby.  She would joke about being a grandma now.  You know, she passed away from starvation one cold Christmas night.  I really love them, you know I can still see her next to the fire, knitting in her rocker, God!  I’m going to miss her and my knitted pants, but I guess I no longer have need for them now.”
He eyes the wheelchair next to him and he nods in its direction looking at Chase with clear amber eyes. 
Socrates quickly pulls a sword from out his sheath and in one quick stroke slices off Yopa’s legs.  Yopa screams, toppling over, as blood gushes out his open stumps.  
Chase looks on horrified.  “Uh..  Sorry!  Really!  I am so sorry!”
“Well, are you going to eat them, or do you want to return back to your make believe fantasy, and go back through the portal, you wussy?”
“Do you have a bun and some ketchup?”  asks Chase.
“But of course, man up, this is a Queenburger franchise after all.”  Socrates motions to the counter.
Chase take’s Yopa’s little green pickle and his legs and puts them in a bun adding a slab of cheese, onions and a slice of tomato.  He adds ketchup.
He bites into them.
“How are they?” asks Yopa quietly, head staring across the room as if at an invisible source of light.
“Not too bad.  Ever try a chicken hotdog?  Kind of similar.”
“Oh, well, they are a little bland then?”  Yopa looks like he is going to cry.
“No, no!  Really, quite tasty, I can tell you spent a lot of time growing them, very good!”
Suddenly, Chase hears a buzzing and an intense light pulsates in waves.  He looks at Socrates and sees the source of light somewhere in the depth of Socrates's eyes.  Socrates shows him another world inside him and opens its way to the stars, he unlocks a stream of memories, of different lifetimes, past lives, parallel worlds, Chase is flooded by them.
Socrates shrugs his shoulders, and says, “So what’s cooking?”
“The Moon you showed me just then, the Moondog, where did she go?   She was just here right?  I felt her presence right here!"
Socrates slumps his head down and suffocates out a cry, “That remains unwritten.  I lost...”  he staggers crying, “I lost my Moon.... taken from me... but you will see...  you still have a chance, though the window of opportunity is rapidly closing.  I am so sorry Chase!”
Where is she at?  .. oh .. he remembers.   A distant repeating dream.   the Mon!  She needs help!  
Socrates points to the hour glass.  Chase watches the yolk cycling upward into a large atmosphere of liquid clouds, sucking in planets and star systems spinning on the edge before they topple in.  It is immense.  “We are running out of time,” says Socrates.
Is this the life blood of his family?  the Universal Being? – being drained?
As if Socrates is reading his mind, he approaches and in a thin whisper speaks, “Brother, I cannot tell you how or why, because in doing so our only chance to thwart evil and escape will die, but know that hearts always trump brains.”
“I must rescue Moon!
“I have practiced this ritual to summon you every year on this date, for the prophesy says you will appear on the third day after black Friday, the day most American’s go shopping, resurrected.  The portals are all aligned.  It is also written that your appearance will provide a balance to the universe, we are in the last stages of being born, healthy, now fighting for the most important genetic traits for our babe, our creator, to own, and we have a brain to burn.
But it is also said you are not here because I summoned you, rather you are here because you are in great peril and need our help.”
Chase looks at Socrates’ designer luggage and suitcases he carries.
“I have brought the suitcases and carryon bags full of 7th generation hotdog wieners, tubes of toothpaste, bottles of salt water and a small bag of slugs.  Just as was written, very hard to come by, too, I might add.”
“What do you need that for?”
“You’re the alchemist, you tell me!”
“I just need to save my girlfriend Moon.  She was taken in my dreams.  Enslaved by a giant brain under the name of 9 lobes.”
“Yes, 9 lobes came to our village too.  He infiltrated our defenses with his promises of power and wealth.  Many young pups began to follow him unaware he was a minion of Sain.  He destroyed our village, enslaved our people, and killed the rest.  I was lucky to escape.
I am Socrates, your wolf brother, I am also of the Hounds of Hell, but my real alliance I swear allegiance to, is, I, like you and only a few others, am an agent of the mind.”
There is a sound of a man crying in sobs from the hotel’s maintenance closet and the “Baaaaaa” of a sheep.
“Hold on, take action!  We have company!  Someone must have come with you!” This is the Hades Queenburger 13th floor!  Not many are admitted!”
The closet door slowly opens and out steps a man wearing a tight red dress and tall black stilettos, he is carrying a leash attached to an inflatable sheep.  It has sound effects too it seems, as now it makes hungry guttural noises, he leaves it in the hallway, next to a empty jar of pickles.
Socrates sighs, ”Never mind, it is only Dr. Freud.  Well good doctor care to introduce yourself?”
“Is it really necessary?  I mean Chase is an active part of my imagination.  A hell hound.   Yes, no? Ok whatever.  I am Dr. Freud.  I... I am just wearing this dress because... because...” he bursts into tears, “because my pants are dirty.  Ok?  Got mud on them, oh don’t tell mama!  Is that good enough for you?  I’ll be changing back into my filthy pants now, thank you very much!  I don’t have any perverted fantasy fetishes with dressing up as Barbie that involve pickles!  Is it anyone’s business that I insert tuna fish in the rear holes of manikins?”
“Yes, the Doctor in my dreams.  How did you get here?”
“Once long ago I stepped through the toilet portal of the psych ward.  Now I too haunt this floor.  We all do.”
“And he is not alone!” booms a voice from the escalator climbing up right next to the men’s restroom.  Up walks a man with a wild plumage of vines, leaves and flowers growing from his long bearded mane and head.  He is carrying three bottles of wine.  “I am Einstein, a manitree, I, as all the others here, came through the psych ward toilet portal.  We come in this world’s most dire need.  I am an agent of the mind, now all the worlds are aligned, the end is upon us, we are about to be born!”
Screens have been pulled down, movies play on the walls from old fashioned projectors, spinning reels, Chase has trouble making out the films, searching for the images to form into something.
“What are we watching,” says Chase curious like.
“Oh, yes, these are fractals, these ones are mathematical equations for infinity, visually represented by ant farms, with each ant a solitary source of their own universe.  See how each ant is a solar ball of energy that overlaps out in ripples, like chaos theory?  I’ve been studying the ant farm for years, I think I am getting close to the answer, they are guarding the secret of how the universe was created and the meaning of life is...”
“Yeah, yeah, blow it out your ass, just don’t let those ants get inside your pants.  Now Chase, my good friend, we have all been waiting in this QueenBurger Hotel for you.  Can you please create a door and guide us through?”
“Where exactly are we?”
“Well son, it is a bit hard to explain, but just understand right now we are in a QueenBurger motel, in Hades, on the third plane of hell, it is rich in family traits, bargained and traded, and we are now in a tiny room that is inside an infinite maze of rooms that stretches throughout the whole entire universe, located in your brain.”
“What?”
“Yes we are inside your brain, right about,” Einstein studies Chase’s face and scalp and pokes him on the side of his head,” there!”
“Tell me boy can you feel this,” Socrates picks up a war hammer and lifting it, smashes it into a ivory statue of a naked man peeing, then turning pummels, throwing the war hammer into a grand piano.  The statue and piano crash in pieces, sounds vibrate exploding just as Chase itches his head.
“See!  The itch sensation you just scratched was me breaking the objects inside the room in your brain!  You feel the itch because you are focusing the brunt of your attention here in this QueenBurger 13th floor room, which is really inside your head, where we have been living, here, now, occupying the layers of your lower brain’s lobes!  You are the one chosen to represent the brain’s guardian!”
“So this is all inside my head?” says Chase understanding.
“Yes, my boy, exactly!”
“Ok well how can I help you?”
“Should we tell the boy our predicament?”
“No, he is already of the age where he has seen Star Trek, he knows the rule, the prime directive.”
“Well we should explain a little bit, we have to.”
“You see Chase, we are afraid to leave this plane of Hades.  The hallways are heavily patrolled by nightmares and also the nine shade, they are the minotaur.  We need you to guide us home.  Somewhere in this maze is your brain and the fires of Sain to toss it in, the kill switch, your brain, that even as we speak sits suffering in a jar.  Also somewhere in this maze is your daughter’s DNA codes, her family traits that you will give her, when she is born, and also somewhere is the solution to cure Moon.  Moon has the other half of your daughter’s DNA, half the universe, inside her, but what is so unusual is that you both are so tightly connected that you have been shuffling your daughters traits back and forth, you actually have the possibility of creating...”
“Wait!  Stop!   That’s enough!” shouts Socrates.
Einstein makes like he zips his lips.  Einstein then unzips his lips and makes like he is swallowing a key, and then he re-zips his mouth.
“What?”  says Chase.
“Look let’s just take a walk.”
The room begins shifting, walls, now windows, show a horizon of flying above clouds.
Socrates points to the blue liquid channeling up the ceiling, “This is mind matter, also called mother’s milk or simply ‘the yolk’.  Most people carry around 12 gallons of it.  They are rooted in the ground, like trees, where they are imprisoned and don’t move, the yolk projects the scenery and interactions of their life around them, their movie.  It circles them and changes faster than they can think.  It changes into their environment.  Now, most are unaware of this.  Some who are made aware have easily gone insane.  But, stay with me kid, there are some who know how to master and control the yolk, turning their environment and surroundings into anything they want or desire.  Like I said, most carry about 12 pounds of it with them, but, you, my friend, you are tapped into a whole freaking reservoir, you have it dammed.  Do you understand?”
“So...”
“So,” says Socrates kindly, “isn’t there someplace you want to go?”
Chase smiles and heads to the door, a part of him is only tiny concerned that the door wasn’t there a second ago.  The door opens into a shifting maze of millions of doors stretched throughout a maze of hallways, they stretch out so far they quickly cover the horizon and blanket the space between the earth and sun.
Chase feels a hand on his back, and he looks down at his bare feet as the floor begins sizzling.  The linoleum tile becomes very lucrative, he starts sliding down the hall, slipping on the covering of gel.
 “Oh I need to put on some..”
“Chase we are in God’s Womb!  You must...”
“Chase!  You swallowed the twin black suns, you need to eat a fish oil pill!  There some in your mailbox!  Only that will counteract the poison!  You have only three days to live!”   
In the background, as the images begin vigorously shaking back and forth, Chase hears Dr. Freud mutter, “Oh Fuck me!”
“Follow me, we must cross the adobe desert of soft, deep dessert pie.”  Then Socrates turns, and becomes lost in a pair of docks.
The toadstools on the floor begin to moan as the scenery around them gradually changes and shifts until Chase, suddenly awakes.

CHAPTER 15

Voices.  People.  He hears the screech of the cart coming closer form down the hall.  It stops at his door and he sees an outline of a figure fast approaching on all fours, it howls to the moon as another figure grabs hold of him and shakes him up.
“Chase!  Chase!  Do you hear me?”
Chase reaches out from the fox pit, making room for a claymore, his hand blindly grasps a patch of crabgrass.  He pulls it so the roots fall and the dirt topples over into the trench.  He is holding a rifle, it is made of foam and plastic and cheese.
“Stay on target Chase!  You must take the shot!  It’s up to you!”
“Chase take the shot!  You’re clear!  Shoot or we all are dead!”
“Chase take the shot!  It will make you sane!  You agreed to this treatment when we told you, you signed the papers, now you have to take it, willing or not, we will take off one restraint at a time if you behave!”
Chase, reaches out into the light and feels a warm breeze from the trees as the wind whispers with love its praise blowing across the forest, Chase slowly lifts his thirteen hands, each one is holding a gun, he presses them tightly against his head, he feels the gun’s snug cold comfort against his skull.  Tears roll from out his eyes as he bows his head down, he takes a deep breath smiling at Professor Pickle Pots swinging from tree to tree.
He pulls the triggers.
His head explodes off, in pieces shooting out across the room, leaving a large hole, just before he slips away he, leaving his body, sees through the gaping hole, his skull is empty, there is no brain inside.
All the hallways are bright, spotless white, with red doors on all sides.  Suddenly there is carnivorous growling from down the hall.  “It’s a trap!”  yells Einstein.
Red minotaurs storm out from a hole in the floor.
“Protect the boy!  We’ll hold them off!” shouts Socrates.
A George Washington tackles one on the red intruders, lodging him in the neck with a curved hatchet.  Another minotaur raises up his shiny black blade and lops off Ben Franklin’s head in one swing.  They collide and all fall down in a pile.
Socrates begins chanting and, raising his hands up, opens his eyes.  A sudden storm of spiders spill out from his left eye hole, and large moths fly from his right.  Socrates casts his hands out and the moths fly into the mouth of the Mons, where Einstein, making his gang signs, moves his fingers and hands so fast they are a blur, and directing the energy, all at once the moths inside the mouths of the Mon explode in balls of released life chakra, detonating.  The Mon’s heads explode like plump melons smashed with a baseball bat.  The first wave falls dead and immediately is replaced as a second wave surges forward stampeding over the bodies.
The spiders, in a frenzy, begin making a web, sealing off the corridor with their sticky webbing.
“Wait, I can fight too!”  shouts Dr, Freud, and he pulls a prune out of his pocket, loading it in his slingshot, and shoots it at the wall of invading Mons.
Socrates rolls his borrowed eyes and elbows Einstein motioning in Dr. Freud’s direction.  Einstein covers his face in his hands and shakes his head.
“I’ll hold them off!”  shouts Dr. Freud firing another prune, screaming at no one.
Socrates rolls his eyes again and yells, “Just take the boy and escape!”
“Are you sure?  I got them covered!”
“Yes, yes!  Summon the back door!”
“Are you positive you do not need..”
“Go!  Now! Go!”
More Mon are streaming through the portal, they are gaining momentum and the small band of QueenBurger Hades employees are being beat down.
Dr. Freud grabs hold of Chase, his hand latching onto Chase’s shoulder, and he pulls him away.  “Follow me boy!”
They race down the corridors, hearing a screech of metal on metal, a grinding, it gets louder.  Footsteps close behind them.  Dr. Freud pulls from out his purse a red book, and he chucks it at the floor.  Chase looks at it, the book is entitled, “Mother Machine, a lover’s space odyssey.”
“Open back door,” says Dr. Freud.
A synthetic female voice announces, “State password now, portal will close in eleven seconds.”
Dr. Freud scratches his beard then says, “what is it.... what is it.. oh I know!”  he brightens up and states, “I got so much money,” says Dr. Freud.
“How much money you got?” says the synthetic voice in a low whisper.
“I got so much money it’s scary!”  Dr. Freud makes a godzilla face, “Help call an exorcist!”
“That is old.  We must consult to see if it is still valid.”
Dr. Freud crosses his fingers.  “Oh come on baby!”  he says.
“consulting..  consulting.. consult... Password is valid you may proceed, admittance for one only.”
The book opens and expands.  Dr. Freud, grabs a face mask off the wall, gives it to Chase and steps back as a large portion of the floor falls away.  “Put the mask on!  Quickly!  To breathe!”
Chase looks below, he notices he hasn’t been breathing at all this whole time as the floor falls into the space of glowing stars and a vast armada of floating ships firing and lighting the sky with beams of laser light, fight, orbiting worlds that stretch out into the darkness.  Chase puts on the mask and can see in the gleaming hallway reflection that the mask is of his original face.  But if his face is a mask, how does he really look?
Now, there is no telling where these portals will lead!  We have to lose you, so the Mons will too, we are counting on you to find your way!  Go to any QueenBurger, get the radio, tune in to 3.14 pie AM listen for...”
His words are stolen from the loud sucking noise as the suction from below pulls at Chase and he tumbles out falling into space.  He is lost among thousands of bright solar beams and laser cannons firing upon fleets of space brigades and freighters, as huge battleships, the heart of their very vessels engines, are the stars, built into them.  They collide into each other in armadas of the suns, in a gridlock.    
Chase, falling, mouth wide open fills with rushing air.  He screams in the vacuum of space, nothing comes out.  He hurtles spinning violently in the dark void where there is only silence and cold.

CHAPTER 16

Chase, restrained to a chair by thick leather straps, watches from the stage as the man in white motions to him then back at the crowed auditorium.
The man is drawing on a large chalkboard, a very complicated equation.
“Today our subject is a special treat, so rare to find one with such severe brain defects,  mental flaws and handicaps still alive and coherent.  Ladies and gentlemen I would like to introduce to you Specimen G – Chase Light!”
There is a low applause from the crowd, the bright lights prevent Chase from seeing individual faces.  In the distance he hears a train locomotive approaching and the low lonely cry of a wolf in pain.
“We call him specimen G to keep his identity confidential, we don’t want people to know how much of a lunatic Chase really is.  It is a secret.  To keep his confidentiality we must shred every piece of paper that has his name on it and blot out every picture or photo image.  We take this very seriously.  Scrape his name, and every living trace of him, off the planet, huh?  Yes we will scourge his presence from existence!  So for all you know, Chase was never here.  Right?”
A couple claps of agreement.
“We can only imagine what great secrets are stored in those customized lower brain lobes Chase holds, I can’t wait to dissect his brain, I could write a book on just the lower hemispheres brain synapse layout alone, not to mention their trajectory and rapid fire ratio, but as you can see Chase is still alive and we must wait until he dies to have at his brain.  Oh boy, that will be something to look forward to!”
On the chalkboard he draws an octagon inside a brain and scribbles circles and an equal sign next to Chase’s name.
More light applause.
“Chase is what I like to refer to as a dreamwalker.  He has a special form of schizophrenia that makes him unique.  He has the ability to absorb any fantasy, no matter how absurd, and make it his reality, with no questions.  But the question we have to ask is if you have the power to completely control your reality, what then is real?  Think of his abstract delusions as dreams you yourself have experienced.  Remember how some dreams, no matter how bazaar, seem to make perfect sense at the time, and it is only when you awake, and if you can remember it at all, that you even realize it was just a dream?”
“Now then, yes, I am going to take Chase under, with just a few simple statements directed at him, but don’t worry people, I am a trained, licensed and armed facility employee,”  he pulls his jacket up revealing a pistol in his shoulder holster.
The man in white makes like he is cutting an invisible food on an invisible plate with an invisible knife. He takes a pretend bite and rubs his tummy.  
“Ummm good potato salad, want some Chase?” he says. 
The man in white pretends he is flipping burgers with an imaginary spatula on an imaginary grill.  “Good day for a party, isn’t it Chase?” he comments.
The man in white pops the top off an imaginary can of soda. “Ice cold, perfect for a hot summers day, don’t you agree Chase?”
“Yep, I’m glad it didn’t rain on Even’s birthday,” says Chase going for the cooler and grabbing a coke, “This QueenBurger petting zoo would have been closed and we would have been stuck with a house full of kids.”
Chase watches a group of children playing with a young calf as they lead her to the small barn next to the slaughterhouse.
There is a man, a shepherd, wearing purple parachute pants and a tight blue shirt playing with the sheep.   The sheep herder occasionally keeps glancing over at Chase urgently pointing to the QueenBurger petting zoo restrooms.
Chase ignores him just assuming the man is having a gas attack or perhaps making a statement about how to perform social body functioning while in the wild,  in a sanitary manner.  He has the look of an actor on stage looking for the bathroom, while still interested in tact and protocol of the proper way to act while in the wild in the restroom of the Animal Kingdom at the QueenBurger petting zoo.
An older man, long beard and wearing a plumage of woven hemp clothing, with silk ruffles billowing down his neck and chest, approaches Chase.
“Mr. Light?”  asks the man, “My name is Albert.”
“How do you do?”
“Fine, fine.  But it’s not how I am doing that concerns me, it is you and your family.”
“Oh, we are great.  How bout you and your family?  Have any children?  Wife?”
Albert’s eyes light up and glaze over with a look of love, then a tremor rises across his face and his breathing quickens as he speaks in a low hushing whisper, “I fell in love and married the pine tree next door, but those...” he breaks up in tears, “those damn lumberjacks!”  He points disjointedly at the wooden bench and cries.
“Oh, so sorry for your loss.” Says Chase a little taken aback.
Albert pulls himself together, “Ok my main man, ok.  But enough about me, lets talk about you and your family.  Now your daughter Evening Light is how old?”
“Todays her birthday,” says Chase with a smile, “Even is three years old.”
“Birthday aye?  One more year gone, one more year closer to the inevitable, tell me Chase, do you know that you could die at any moment?”
“Hmmm.... well yeah, that’s true I sup..”
“I could take this hammer,” says Albert pulling one from his belt, “and say, bust open the QueenBurger window and then take a broken shard of glass and stab it right here in your eye, digging it in and really wedging it in there,” he makes hand gestures, “just like that.  You would be dead.”
“Yes, true, true, howev..”
“I could impale you on a long spear and leave your body to slowly slide down the pole while you bleed out and slowly die.  But, hey this is a party, a celebration of life, let’s be happy and not put all the focus on death, but gee what will happen if you fall or get shoved, into the QueenBurger meat grinder, accidentally, or just a little push, and they make burgers out of you, incidentally that’s the dead man combo #482, with your choice of potato wedges, drinks, onion rings or fries.”
He gives a stern look to Chase.  Chase nods, in agreement, “yep,” smiling, “yes hmmmm... that does sound tasty but we are going for the Birthday Bunanza combo #433, I think.  Right Dear?”  Chase looks around.  “Hey where’s Moon, she was just here.”
“Here take my card.  I’m an insurance salesman,” Albert winks at Chase and hands him a card.  Chase looks down and sees a tiny note written on it.
It says, “Go to the restroom, you must escape, things are not what they seem!”
“Happy Birthday to you..” they are singing Happy Birthday to Even by the goats.  Chase smiles and turns on his camera walking over to them.
A group of nine children, all oddly enough wearing the same gray robes, are singing to Even, who looks like she is going to cry.  The gray hooded children’s eyes begin to glow a fiery red and their faces, like clay molds, are wiped blank of all mouths, noses, and facial features.  Even sits on a blanket in the shape of an octagon with strange symbols on it and as they bring the cake, Chase notices it is oddly in the shape of a pentagram with a lot of candles all lit in the corners. 
 “Make a wish,” says Chase. 
A rolly polly man in white pulls out a knife.  “Combo #522 just ordered, stuffed goat legs.” Says the man as he stabs the goat in the throat, hacking off a leg, “More humane to kill it first,” he says.  Goat blood sprays over Even.  
The man in white starts dragging the goat’s body across the lawn.
“Are you thirsty?” asks a child holding a black as tar drink.  “This will make you feel better.” As around his daughter the children dance in a circle chanting.  “Sain through the dimensional vortex plane, come possess Gord’s daughter, fire for fire fire over water!”
A hole forcibly tears open in the ground.
Chase looks for Moon but cannot find her anywhere.
The man in white pretends to be drinking from an imaginary cup.
“Yumm this drink of twin black suns tastes yummy!”
He pats his stomach.
Chase reaches out to get a drink.
In the near distance Chase hears a wolf howl, followed by another and another.
An older man, dressed like a mime, eyes closed tightly, walks over to the man in white.
The mime is pretending to draw on a chalk board some invisible symbols, while mouthing unsaid words, the mime points out at something invisible as if he is addressing an auditorium full of people.
The man in white’s face, flushes as the blood rushes out.  He looks pale as a ghost, he begins shaking his head no.  The mime smiles and opens up his pretend coat and reaches for his pretend gun strapped to his pretend shoulder holster.  The man in white drops the goat, and backs up, with his hands up he shakes and stumbles trying to run away.  
The mime, in what appears a battle of wills with both him and the man in white’s faces contorting in fierce sweating grimaces as the mime’s empty hand pretending to hold a gun, struggles back and forth, then the mime, making a fist, punches his gut as the man in white gasping in pain, buckles over.  Now, in a silent victory laugh, the mime, gives off a silent cheer and seems to finally lift and make his finger to his head and, achieving his goal, he pulls the trigger.
The man in white’s scream is cut short and suddenly is silenced, his body, convulsing briefly, disappears completely.
“So much for your Associated Suggestive Hypnotic therapy, huh Doc?” says the mime.
“This is a little odd, isn’t it?” asks Chase.
“Now with the Operator dead, we are free to talk.” Says the mime, Socrates.
As if a spell is broken, the sheep herder yells out, “Chase grab your daughter and go to the QueenBurger restroom!  Hurry, here they come!”
Out of the ground, with the pungent smell of rotten death, large horned heads push out, out pours fierce battle cattle.  On a scar across his burning red cheeks, a Minotaur bleeds, his hideous Mon face bubbling, lit on fire.  He lifts a large club, to strike Chase, just as a large wolf, leaping, grabs the minotaur creature by the throat and pulls him down.
Chase grabs his daughter and runs for the restroom.  
Inside Chase closes the door and locks it.  He is shaking.  His daughter reaches up and pats his knee.  “I love my dada!”  she says.
“Moon?” calls Chase.
“She escaped.” Says a Familiar voice, Chase struggles realizing it is..
“Father?”
Yes, son, I am here, in another dimension.  Chase, you must send Even to me.”
“How?” “
“For Gods sake take your antipsychotic!” screams a voice from the bathroom stall.
Chase ignores it.
“You must create a portal, look in the mirror, does anything itch?”
Chase stares into the mirror for a minute while absently scratching a very itchy bug bite, it is inside a circle of raven’s tattoo on his right arm.
“Make an opening!  There is no time!”
Chase can feel a warmth in his heart, he looks at his beautiful daughters smile.  He pulls out a knife and makes a cut on his arm where the raven’s eye is, where the itch exists.  He creates an opening in his skin, the map of the Universe.  A drop of blood splatters onto the mirror.  Suddenly the bathroom mirror becomes alive with a bright red hole that slowly forms into a milky white shimmer, in between a plumage gathering of black raven feathers, a large entrance to a cave opens behind a waterfall.  He sees a familiar face of Moon and his Father, not so many wrinkles, smiling.  Chase laughs out in choking tears.  “God its so good to see you Dad!” he shouts out.
Moon is gesturing to him urgently.  Chase smiles and picking up their daughter hands her through the cave mirror portal.  Moon is urging Chase to follow.
Suddenly his Father’s voice rings out to Chase, “Chase you must stay, you must stay on that side to close the portal, or the Mon will get your babe!”  Chase looks at Moon, she is crying, he reaches out and gently pulls her braids and lovingly caresses her face, before stepping back into the QueenBurger petting zoo restroom.
 “Put the toothpaste and bengay on the small cut!  Quickly!  Now, I will make another opening, a tunnel I cannot pass, and you can get the hell out, you will lead them away!”  
“I didn’t bring any!”
“Look down!”
Chase looks beneath the sink and sees a tube of Medusa’s monkey milk bengay with a small sign on it that reads “apply me!” it is yellow and in the shape of a banana, and also a hotel sample of Medusa’s blood whitening tarter control toothpaste with a small sign that reads, “use me!”  Chase putting toothpaste with fluoride and the bengay over the wound where he cut himself, watches as the cut closes, the mirror door, begins shrinking like a dried raisin on canvas until it disappears completely, he hears screams from the mirror as it shrinks in a tunnel of red tinted light.
“Does this seem strange, like a dream... dream... dreammm.  Dream...?”
“This is real but your between realities,” says his Father.  His face appears in the mirror.  He points to an arena with small figures falling on the ground.  “Siren protector of light, dead.  Matthew of the Airellies, dead.  Josephina guardian of the Maya Star Cluster, dead.  Fion, dead.  Jasper, dead.  Pensil, dead.  Dead.  Dead.  Dead.  Dead.  I am opening the portal to Hades.  You must come and meet your friends at Queenburger, you must find the brain and burn it!  Only then will my granddaughter be safe!”
“Father, thank you!  I miss you so much!”
“Go to the Hade’s non-denominational church and talk to the owner there then meet your friends at the QueenBurger!  See you in your dreams!  Now do what you must!”
His Father, thrusts his hands into the mirror center, and stretching, muscles heaving, screams in pain and pulls open a portal, a small dark circle, whirlpool of black and red clouds, small, then struggling, he opens it bigger and bigger, until it is big enough for Chase to jump through.  “Quickly son!”  Chase, sudden stab of pain in his abdomen, feels a cut open there, he bleeds, blood pouring out and soaking his shirt.
Without arguing, Chase, says “I love you Dad!” and rushes through.
In a dark haze, shouts, a stream of people, loud, lights blinding, crowd, urgency, “The Doctor shot himself!”  “He’s dead!”  “...himself in the head!”  “Why Chase?”  “Chase, what did you do?”  “Quick, give Chase another a shot!”  “... restrain ...!”

CHAPTER 17

Chase walking this road, paces back and forth.  He journeys through forests of clay, through deserts of stone tablets and chairs, through glossy linoleum tile corridors where the Shrome King grows on the back of the coffee maker, through gardens with cannibal gnomes having sit ins and fasting on deviled eggs made from the fetuses’ of chickens.  For peace, protestors fight this bloody QueenBurger war against a ring of SanitaryBurger joints, lit up over half of Hades.  Chase walks past scriptures etched over coveted walls.  There is a duck perched on his shoulder.
It, a transmitter of wisdom, has been talking to him in what seems like his whole life.  He is on the walk to the non-denominational Church of Hades and the ground is alive with excitement.
The strong wind is blowing long whips of grass and cattails, reeds vegetating in the darkness, overgrown hemp bushes, thick as trees, weave an interwoven canopy overhead.  They overshadow the view of the dark night sky, and block out the moon’s rays.  Gargoyles and colossal statues of long forgotten sinners and dread kings of fallen heroes lay scattered along the roadside.  Chase walks over the skull cobblestone road, built on the bones and brimstone of the dead.  
The air dry heaves dew drops licking on the soft slick bellies of frogs.  Blue fairy dust glows on the side of trees.  They cast an eerie light illuminating the dark nymphs, slaves to the dementia as, forced to fend for the light out of their bodies, bending it into dark oozing things, they, dancing, compliment the thin shadows.  They make love with the dwindling light and the earthworms.  In their womb, sleep the garden gnomes, watching over them, plotting pathways through the cosmos of stars steering the dreamers through eternal night to where their dreams are.
Chase sees a nude, wings wet and slick, a nude shadow nymph giving birth.  The delivery is a quick one, the umbilical cord pulling off like a snot string and breaking off on its own.  The newborn, a large baby slug cries out to the world around it.  Chase pokes it in the belly lightly with a stick and the nymph makes a sly smile at him shaking her fist, “What should I name him? him? him? him? him?”
“How about Salt?   Or what’s a salt alternative?  I can only think of Garlic Powder being used as a Salt supplement?”
She smiles, “Garlic Powder it is, is, is, is, is then!”
“Hi Pops!” says G.P.
“Wow, he’s smart,” says Chase.
“Must take after his father!” laughs the nymph.
Chase’s feet scatter trash, mostly the empty laxative cookie bags, soda cans, and the occasional condom left by the Olympus triathlon athletes doomed to race forever.  Bladders full they run for the bathrooms, but they are always out of service with no toilet paper.  There is no end to the race, no destination.    
A bicyclist goes screaming past, wearing a tight one piece spandex, on his butt is a Hades SanitaryBurger logo, his sponsor and QueenBurger’s main competitor.
Chase passes candles in holders and dead fish leftovers wrapped in newspaper, clogging the gutters where laughter and some hoarse moans and guttural screams shriek out into the night, crossing the borders back and forth between orgasms and pain.  This is but one hell, thinks Chase.
He walks now between the streetlights beaming from giant, broken clock faces, their pendulums frozen in mid-swing.  Chase passes a sundial, its gnomon shaking back and forth, vibrating in a ruptured vein of light.  All clock hands, are stuck on the witching hour.  Life is infinite, but death’s dance maidens exist in only one tick of the clock, staying there for all eternity.
The giant clock faces hang over the road.  Chase chugs down his beer, draining it he tosses it over the fence, social offerings to the lower planes of enlightenment where soul burgers burn, consumed in flame.
The crabdogs fight for the can to stick on their shell.  The alpha-crabdog, crawling out of a crackling tortilla chip bag, fights, biting off a contender’s claw and sticks the can between its eyestalks.  Chase hears the purring of the crabdog bitches, in heat, they begin rubbing their dark forbidden curves and crevices against the alpha-crabdog’s beefy appendages.  They continue rubbing their paws, raw, exposing skin as behind them the alphamale’s claws savagely obtain their racks of breast meat, rising into bulging salesmen selling life insurance to the dead, as the fire burning in their warm pantry’s oyster den consumes their flesh, cooking, they shoot out shell-less oysters and clam juices from their warm bodies.  As Chase watches the exchange of fluids, walking slowly down the cobble boneyard road, the crabdogs crawl in twos and threes down the hole with the biggest dung piles next to it, obviously impressed by the larger mounds.  
The wind whipping is a locomotive engine screaming, the engine powered by the force of nightmares pulling the Earth’s chariot, with resistance, shrieking into the dark holes’ black horizon.  Stars on fire fall from the sky.  
A cold weight, a circle of nails around his neck, a tightening of bone fingers clenching, as Chase grasps at his throat, suffocating.  He looks back and way down the large hill in the fields of moving trees a ghostly light creeps closer, a nine shades picking up his scent, races towards him now that he found Chase’s trail and screams for the others to join him.  It has been following Chase for days now, gaining a lot of ground.  Chase is being hunted down.  
The forest opens with frantic movement of crows.  The giant duck quacks on his shoulder, he feels a sense of love.  “Get high!” it’s advice, “Tie the soulstrings!  Blackbirds in a pie!  You have the ward of the raven in your eye!”  Then it takes off and flies away.  
Chase quickly lights his peacepipe given to him when he befriended the mole people.  He remembers telling his Doctor how everything feels so surreal when high.  He remembers the Doctor telling him just how valuable and highly sought after Chase’s brain is.  Its defects make it so unique, he said.  If the Doctor could only dissect it there could be great advancements in the field of schizophrenia, it could remap the whole scientific community, he claimed.
Chase takes another deep drag from the swag found growing on the roadside.  The world around him begins to vibrate as he hears monkeys serenade the raven queen from the treetops, Chase spots Professor Pickle Pots leading the parade.  He takes another drag.  Nothing.  He takes three more hits.  It is good pot but still he is having trouble remembering what to do next.  He takes three more puffs and closes his eyes.  Nothing.  He yells out in pain as his throat slowly closes.  Suddenly a ring of fairy’s circle him.  “Do you believe in God?”  one asks.
“And what if God were a pair of shoes?” says another.
“Can you believe that we believe?” replies a third one.
“Do you believe that anything is possible if you believe?”
“Do you believe in belief?”
“Yes I think I can, I think” says Chase.
“Then take our hands and form a ring.”  
He holds their hands and the tree reaches down in laughter and opens up its roots forming a portal, out fly a murder of crow.  A raven lands in the tree branch and suddenly Chase can see through the raven’s eyes.   He sees the life strings of the nearby trees looming over the pathway, he quickly attaches the lifestrings to the small murder of crows tied to Chase’s own aura, like a master puppeteer.  The crows take flight and dive in and out of each other, knitting a blanket of knotted webbing, they block and detour passage, just as Chase’s throat starts caving in, closing, his windpipe feels like it is about to collapse, he struggles to cough, the smoke stuck in his lungs, as the nine shades creeps closer.  
The nine shades enters, gets stuck, in the web of lifestrings, the crows dive down and cover the intruder from head to toe, the crows surrounding it attack  and the nine shades quickly begins to unravel.  It shrieks and the chokehold on Chase’s throat is loosened, and as if plunging up from beneath the cold ocean, Chase breathes in and gasps for air, coming up out of the cold sea.  He, breathing freely, takes a few more deep drags off his pipe, the force, far away now, quickly dwindles and releases him.  Chase looks back and sees another of the nine shades of gray following his false trail, detoured for the time being.
The wind keeps his secret as whispers chuckle running away, the breeze blowing, lifts his sweatshirt’s hood up, a halo around his face.  Chase sees a church.  
He expects the brick building on top of the hill long before he sees it.  Salvation is always a hike when sought after.  It is as natural as snow in winter, leaves in fall, and as if he had been here before, in another life, in a different time, he feels a tug on his heart.
The parking lot has a moat surrounding it, a Castle, a King’s haven from the storm.  The Church’s parking lot’s spaces, close to the doorway, nearer then even the handicapped parking spaces, are reserved for the most holy, spiritual giants.  Closest to the Church’s step walkway is a spot reserved for Jesus.  Seeing this Chase is comforted a little.  Jesus is here.  There is a black and white scooter parked there, with a golden seat.  
Chase sees many different names on other reserved signs, as he passes, then, with a cold shock, in the spot where a blue and red scooter sits parked, Chase sees a familiar name on the reserved sign space, it is his own, Chase Light.  
He is protected here, he feels, from illegal parking. “They are expecting you,” says Moon.
 The parking lot is immense.  “quite a big flock,” says Chase.  
“I suppose,” says Moon, “this parking lot is so big to provide for the mobs that will wait outside on judgment day to hear the ‘Last Sermon’ played one more time before they die.”
“Or for Friday night Bingo,” says Chase.
“Please find me soon!” whispers Moon.
The parking lot stretches, a valley of concrete, between two elegantly constructed towers of lovers embracing over a lake. The Church’s arch spans across it, and in the street lamps it is lit in an eerie blue haze, shining on leaves golden brown and burgundy orange.  The leaves rustle, blowing in large piles, single ones fighting back and forth in the wind, sound of a fire cackling, with the sounds of chips and hummingbird bones crunching, shadows cast out by a light not made from any bodies or objects, as erupting on fire, harpy wenches get caught skinny dipping by baited hooks catching the back of their open throats.  They fly away on feathered wings, baring skin, nipples and knobs, tuned into radio stations across the land.  Revealing their divine spark light up, their, hips and talon feet move to the beat of the music.  A thunderstorm of pink rainbow clouds come down the chimneys in waves and puffs, lit joints breathing deep into their body, their lips wait to be smoked and sucked.
Inside his head, a flock of pigeons scatter after bread crumbs on the grass, they nibble at the park pedestrians, stripping them clean of meat into skeletons, who, full of flesh earlier, are relaxing and fermenting on the park benches, a dinner bell chimes and they, suddenly noticing they have no flesh, rise angry, and stomp out, retiring, and pairing up, to head for the concession stand, to eat and put some meat back on their bones.  Many fall apart in the manicured lawn, never to return.  
A fuzzy glow, Chase sees from outside in the Church windows dark shapes convulsing as if with bottled laughter without a mouth to release the caged merriment, moles in a bag with no hole, people must be dying in there,  thinks Chase, their souls struggling to escape a body of pain without a head.
The brick and cobblestone, interwoven, flow out the sheltered foyer entrance, built on the bones of the ancient earth guardians still slowly climbing up the hill.  The church built on the back of an immense turtle crawls as it struggles towards the source of light.  Without even realizing it Chase finds himself ascending up the shuddering steps, voices ring out calling him, the wind howls wildly, on the heels of his brother hellhounds, the moaning from either the dying or the demons organ pipes.  The villagers in the graveyard hastily move in the boneyard, heads turning looking out the windows of the freight traders beneath cover of the radiant gleaming black dirt,  they give his cadaver one last chance to dance.  
His first instinct is to run away, something is wrong, but his whole childhood was faith based on trust of the Church.  God is the answer.  And it is upon this stone foundation built on rock that God raised this city from its knees.
But, thinks Chase, Jesus, arguably one of God’s favorite Sons, a man, who was God and, full of the Love that makes all hearts soar and all men adore, Jesus was put to the cross and crucified, executed by those who He came to save.  
“If that is what God did to Jesus, what will He do to me?”
“It’s a game you see, it’s meant to be fun, but something is terribly wrong.”
“You reversed the map, and set up traps, you don’t know who to trust, Is God the Answer or is that way lost to you.  Is there a way out?”
“You’re distorting the rules with your bizarre thoughts and images, can’t you think of one normal thing?  I mean look at me now,” says the small white goose turd on the pavement nearby, “I am what?  Goose poo?  I no longer know, last time a meatball in a zombie’s eye socket?  I mean this is ridiculous!  At least give me a body with a mouth and limbs for a change!  Where do you come up with these sick twisted distorted thoughts that you are force feeding all our reality to eat.  Next a bird’s ass, and mustache wings?  baking hotdog skin?  And devil eggs?  What are you hungry, you sick bastard!”
Chase opens up the doors of the church and enters the hall to Heaven.  Inside sits an old elderly man, a pimple of saggy skin with a disarming grateful happy smile.  Obviously he is close to God, ready to meet Him at any moment, with a twinkle in his eye he reaches out and extends his hand.  Chase is skeptical but the man grasps Chase’s hand, and winks his eye.  
“Welcome my dear boy welcome!”  the wrinkled man says.
Chase gasps, looks back to the door, feeling like darting out but the gentlemen sensing this merely smiles and leads him further away from the door.  “First time here I gather, well no worry, no worry at all, come follow me.”
“Where am I?” asks Chase.
“This is a Drug and Anger Awareness meeting, held in the small chapel in the back of the hospital.”
“But... why am I here?”
“Come on we will get you a cookie.”
“A cookie?”  That sounds comforting, thinks Chase.
“Or a donut.  Know the best part of a donut?” asks the old timer.
Chase tips his head in recognition, “The hole,” he says with a slight grin, code accepted.
“He He he...  Exactly my good man, exactly!”
They walk down hallways, offices and classrooms.  Chase never knew God had a secretary but he supposes it makes sense.  
“Where are you from?”  asks the old timer smiling between liver spots.  
“Hell.”
“Oh really, so am I.  What parts about?”  he is smiling broadly now.  
Chase recalls a warning from his childhood, a story about how some hellfiends pray on the young and drain them of their youth so they may stay alive, turning the children into old withering husks themselves.  He has to get the hell out of here! 
“I don’t belong here,” says Chase admiring a small marijuana plant growing in a ceramic urn.  
“You only need to have the desire to stop dreaming, my son, just the desire.  Don’t worry we don’t bite,” Chase wonders if this is because the man is only gums and no dentures, “neither are we a glum lot, just look around and keep an open mind.”
They stop in the main hall, and the man removes his grip off Chase and pats his shoulder.  “Don’t worry son, you’re in the right place.  It’s safe.  You’ve finally made it home.”
Inside the main alcove Chase walks to the refreshment table made out of beer cans.  It is holding Styrofoam cups and a giant black hissing cauldron.  An attractive girl, a witch, frosted white and blue lips, standing near enough turns from her polite conversation with an older woman she is engaging upon, to cast a smile on Chase.  Chase pours a couple ounces of blackened tar, thick black blood gathers into his cup from the nearest cylinder.
“Ick!” he throws the cup, shooting for the trashcan, missing terribly it spills down under the table where the black liquid stains spreading slowly into a growing bloodstain on the burgondy red carpeting.  He withdraws another cup from the stack, but rather than draw black death, he walks over to the priest’s fountain where they have blessed holy water and taking a scoop of it up in his cup, he, acting non-chalant, sips on the holy water, blessed.  Small comfort, the holy water may be able to protect him from theses demons, long enough for him to study the layout of the crowd.
“Where are the donuts and cookies at?” asks Chase to the girl.
The girl, for a second eyes bright red embers, points to the double doors.  Chase walks into the worship room and sits all alone in the wooden pews watching the lights as the cars pass by outside, screaming freighter brigades seeking distant suns, play shadows on the wall passing in the night tide.  There is a low rumbling growing closer, then a screaming, and a pounding of footsteps, Chase hears someone scream, “Church Troll!”. The door leading to the foyer is slammed close and Chase startled, sees the metal locks clicking and boards sliding into place sealing it up.
Chase realizes too late, there is no cookie.
“There is always a cookie, Chase.”  Says a voice that sounds so familiar, yet one Chase has never heard before.
The middle stained glass window next to the pew Chase sits in, with headlights from passing cars illuminating the stained glass, lights up a picture in reds, purple, and blues of Jesus nailed to the cross.  The rain water pours down on the outside, Chase watches as Jesus cries.  Jesus’ face lights up briefly, from a grimace to a smile.  Another car passes and Jesus looks down and winks.  He says, “I had to do this, to get you alone.  We need to talk,” says Jesus.
“Yes I can feel your love,” says Chase.
“My son, you, buccaneer of heart, X marks the spot me man!”
Chase looks up and nods, “Ok, Thanks for the help!”
Jesus is still and silent, then gives Chase a wink, Jesus looks around the room a little startled, “I’ve been here before, haven’t I?”  He asks with a kind smile, and glances back again at the empty alter.  A candle lit near the back flickers and goes out.  Chase feeling a burning in his heart, alive on fire, stagers and following Jesus’ gaze he looks at the far table near the furthest wall.
On shaky knees Chase slowly creeps to the abandoned table.  A large box holds cans of pork n beans and Campbell’s tomato soup, and boxes of Macaroni and Cheese.   Also, on the table is a closed wooden chest, it is under a purple cloth with the cross sewn on it.  “X marks the spot,” says Chase.   The sign on the lid reads “Lost and Found.”
Chase looks in the box.  He was lost, “and now your found,” finishes Jesus.  He was dead, “but now you live.”  He knows at this moment what he must do, exchange the old life of sin for something new.  Very slowly Chase cracks open the lid of the treasure chest.  He looks in the box and sure enough there are a few articles of clothing.  He finds a green scarf, a bright golden fleece knit sweater, a pair of bifocals and a radio Walkman with earphones, and a wooden Jesus Yo-Yo.  Chase stands looking at the Holy Relics for a good two minutes before, with the respect due them, he gingerly removes the items of power from the box containing them.
Chase pulls on the large golden fleece sweater, one like his grandma would knit, over his head and lets it droop down around his waist, the scarf he twirls around his neck.  Immediately he feels stronger, wearing the armor of God, the light surrounds him, he feels protected from evil, and a little bit itchy.
“Now see the world with my eyes,” says Jesus.  Chase puts on Jesus’ bifocals.  He looks upon the world now from a different, blurry, and out of focus perspective, he sees strings of light raining down all around him, he feels high.
Suddenly he can see shifting auras, changing movements of the spirit world, moving in a rapid current of color like he is tripping on some very intense LSD.  Objects near are blurry smears.  He can now see the spirit world.  Ghosts kneel in prayer radiating out a shiny light.  It is like a kaleidoscope, the reality he once knew now, the conservative view, is stripped of its mask, he no longer ‘sees’ reality in any conventional way.  His sight before, was it all an illusion?  His vision encaged?
Loud applause and clatter of footsteps, he does not have very long.  “Jesus!  I have a question.”
Jesus lights up from a passing car, still on the cross, He says, “I know what it is, and easy enough my man, you know water is God’s soul?  That is why we baptize with it, that is why I can control it, part it, walk on it, change it, manipulator of water soul strings, I can attach a soul, to the beings orbiting the planet, their pull aids me, there are many you just cannot see, with the unaided eye alone, you need my bifocals. Let me bless the water, Bless the moon and sun, and Bless a fish oil pill, and you will be able to change water into wine.  You are a creator’s child..  you are a young water manipulator... you have the power...”
“Wow!  You mean I can I transform water into beer?” asks Chase.
Jesus’s face, turned back in the glass, smiles, then returns to his stained glass stare.
The screams from outside are suddenly silenced and there is a banging on the door, it buckles.  Chase sees a blur as he turns, bodies of light.  They are gathering around him, swirling, touching him, he feels a powerful love, the faces of the glowing ghosts, some wearing radiant armor and carrying lit swords, bow to him, shining in yellow auras and halos, then they turn, mouths opening, in skin peeling screams, and they race out to meet the invaders crashing through the door.  
Suddenly Chase sees a vivid intense light illuminating off a puddle void of color, an intense black pit, an ocean of prunes, a huge dried up blight of condensed prunes spreads over the doorway, as a large rotting hand, from what Chase assumes must be the Church Troll, extends from beneath the door, groping.  The wrinkled prune hand spreads its disease like black oil from a sinking barge.  It spreads from the door and begins covering the walls.  Chase hears a moan, something heavy pounding on the door, he hears the moaning once more.
Chase walks to the upheaving door, he reaches out and touches the hand of the troll, that is spreading the prune like disease, “I believe in you,” he says.  A fiery glow comes engrossed on Chase’s palm, he sees the string to the demon before him so tangled in a weave of knots, patches of darkness, scabs, a blight on its soul.  Chase stretches out and touches them, vibrating the strings like a guitar. Rapidly moving the strings around, like nerves on a bone, Chase is able to untangle them, he realizes now the true power of these bifocals, with them he has been given the power to see the spirit world, to allow him to manipulate the strings of the water creatures.  He has the power to heal.  
He removes Jesus’ bifocals and eyes un-focusing he returns to the world of illusions, he can only wear them for short spells, he realizes, or he will submerge, suffocating into madness, and never return.  The door slowly opens.  At the door is an old woman, transformed, wearing an gigantic green reindeer Christmas sweater.  “You just missed the meeting my dear,” she says, “the speaker was an old friend of mine.  Him and me, we both had cancer,” she smiles warmly at Chase and gives him a wink, “but we were miraculously healed.  Thanks to Jesus.”
Chase nods with a smile, tucks Jesus’s bifocals into one of the golden sweaters huge pockets.  He fills up his cup with the holy water and walks out the door.
He twirls the Yo-Yo up and down as he walks.  There is a flyer laying on the ground outside, blown against a tree.  Chase picks it up and reads it.  It is announcing a Bible Slam Festival, the bottom catches his eye, “Listen to the Lord’s message with Open Ears.”  Chase, forgetting about the Walkman, turns it on.  The dial is stuck so it can only pick up a faraway station, with static breaking in every other word, but over the static he hears a friendly voice announce, “Chase!  You did good!  We have a truck!  We are coming to get you!” 
Chase smiles, he, for the first time in a long while, he feels kind of proud of himself.   He walks to his reserved parking space, the sign now reads, ‘Clergy’.  
Chase, wonders slightly at this but then, sits on the scooter, turning it on he rides out through the cemetery gate headed for the QueenBurger Fastfood joint to meet up with his party.  He wonders where he can find some more fish oil pills, he is ready for a beer.  “Just one to tide me over,” he says to the nurse riding next to him in her med cart.  She smiles, her grill all gold filled, brightly reflects the moonlight, as he travels further into the rainforest.


CHAPTER 18

“We will be forced to go to the Village Ugly for supplies.  They hold the bad stale cheese and baloney acne genetic trait.  Hideously foul creatures live there, they kill and torture all clean face outsiders.  However we will be safe as long as we wear these,” Socrates hands out three paper bags with holes cut out for eyes and mouth.  “Put them on and we will blend right in, do not under any circumstances take them off until the village is well behind us!”
“I find them beautiful, the atomic structure of their facial bomb craters, blown village hut scalps, and skin’s ravaged tundra, quite outstanding!” says Einstein excitedly  “I’d like to stay awhile and study their eating habits.”
“When you suckled from your mothers bosom, did she use rash guard?  Did you imagine flying airplanes or driving chu-chu trains?” asks Dr. Freud jotting down some notes in his pad.
Chase puts the paper bag over his face.
“Their currency is a little different on this side but I think I have enough pill cap and tab coin to purchase our supplies.  I raided my burnt village’s treasury in our forefather’s tombs,” says Socrates, shaking a vial of Fish Oil pills.  “This should be enough to get us just what we need.”
Chase sees Socrates go hide behind a bush.  A couple walks by and Chase hears, Socrates say from behind the bushes, “Pssst!  I got that sweet stuff baby!  Pure uncut Fish Oil pills, cheap!  High quality!”
Socrates soon has a bag of coin.  They walk over to the inn outside the stables.  A small herd of people wearing blue gowns and white slippers are huddling around a bucket.
“Who are they?” asks Chase.
“Lobotomies,” whispers Einstein from behind his paper bag.
“We will need three pack lobotomies to carry our stuff.  At least three.  Chase go rent them for our journey to the brain of Sain.”
“We are going there and back again, right?” asks Dr. Freud, “We’ll need them to carry our stuff back, right?  Round trip?”
Socrates’ voice turns ash solemn, “I fear we will not be making the journey back,” he says, “This trip, will take its toll, I fear it is one way.”
They are all silent for a moment.
“Anyway I heard brain country is beautiful this time of year.”
Socrates smiles, “Right!  Now let’s see, what else do we need?  Chase buy a satchel full of brains, we’ll need them too.”
 “Injection time!” yells a voice through the haze.  “Med check!”
  It is dark.  A voice rises out from the moans of the tortured wind.  Prisms of light dance against the surface walls, revolving into shapes, turning into boxes.   As Chase watches a compartment of boxes opens and reveals a girl, Moon, weeping in a magnificent garden of bushes manicured into ducks, and other lakeside animals.  She is staring at a hideous hole in the ground, a bleeding wound, the earth’s entrails, she is staring at a figure in it below.
“Come home, home...   …ome… to Bethlahamburger, I…  I am pregna…nt, you MU… come…  suffer… without… I love… please… home… must!”   The dirty, bloody, mangy figure she watches is completely still except for his hands that are extended up trying to grasp hold of something in the air that is not there.  The figure sits inside a padded room, his image burns into her retina then the hole turns dark and cloudy once more.
Chase stares out the window, all he sees is the desert plane.  The truck rocking is making him sleepy.
“He’s awake!”  Chase hears a scuffing of feet.  Focusing he looks up, he is in the back of an ambulance.  It is very cold.  Freezing.  He can see his breath and a pile of ice cream wrappers litter the floor.  Einstein and Dr. Freud in the back stare at him from odd angles, a giant freezer the length of the van has a faded clown painted on it.  The look of excited concern on his face, Socrates, the driver, calls, back, “Is he moving?”  Socrates asks sucking on a fudge pop.
“Am I in a ambulance?”
“Close, you’re in an ice cream truck.”
“What?  Why?”
“Can you think of a better vehicle to journey through the desert in?”
Chase remembers Moon and his soul mate’s anguished cries of pain, a name is floating in his head, a name of a place he must…  “Tell me gentlemen,” says Chase using his best Sherlock Homey voice to impress upon them the nature of their adventure.  “Have you ever heard of a place called Bethlahamburger?”  The hunt is a foot.
“YES!  You too?  We are following the brightest star to take us there! - but lets hope it’s not too late!”
“Hearing voices are you?”  says the man in the white suit, Dr. Freud.  “I think you’re completely mad!”
The ice cream truck repeats the same ringing jingle.  It never ends.  “Shut up! Turn it off!”
“and POP GOES THE WEASEL!” sings Socrates.
Einstein is hunched over a Bible taking notes, he notices Chase is watching him, “I am deciphering the light from the sun, it’s a code you see, and the deciphering key is the Bible,” says Einstein, “It is our rule book.”
 “Gentlemen,” continues Chase, “why are we in the desert?  And why am I still in restraints?”
“We are going to have to keep you in restraints just a little longer, I am sorry, the human rights committee will have my head.”  Says Dr. Freud as he finishes testing the restraints on Chase.  “We had to come here in the desert to find the…
“Peyote?”
“Well, yes, that and a third eye die paste to protect the chunk of brain we must remove from your head, for your third eye die, your soulgem.”
Socrates holds up his gem cube necklace tied with a thin woven hemp wrap around his neck.
“Now a little electrotherapy.”
“I do not want to..”
“Don’t be a wuss.”
“Look at the poor poor baby!  You puss!” yells Dr. Freud making a squinted up baby face.  He rubs his eyes and wipes away imaginary tears, “You’re being a pussy!”
Chase lifts from the restraints.  “I remember being checked into the Mental Hospital….  Two nights ago but… “  he sees his haggard hairy face in the silver mirror reflection of the freezer, “I was clean shaven last night..  How did I… ?”
“Do you remember the shock treatment, the injections?”
“Chase,” his head echoes, the voice on the other side of the freezer says again, “Listen to me!”
 “Who are you?”
“I am the star and you are the light, or is it the other way around?” dramatic pause for effect, but before the voice can continue, Chase sighs, “The drugs are wearing off aren’t they?  Now what do you fucking want?”
Chase stares at the freezer, the source of the voice, inside it, as the vehicle rocks.
“I am the book and you are the words!”
“You cannot be free without me!  I am your cage!”
“Who the fuck are you?” Chase says in an extended deep breath looking all around.
“I am your brain, and you are my memory!”
“We rescued you before they inserted the heart monitor,” says Einstein, opening up his chest and exposing stitches in the form of an ‘X’.  “They constructed a taiser in my heart, if my pulse gets too high, heat beats too fast, its ZAP!  Electroshock paralysis!    Meant to keep us in a relaxed state, but if we can make it to Bethlahamburger they can remove it.”
“Why is it always a desert one must cross to reach salvation?”
“You’re a lost puddle without you God is not complete,” says Socrates, “Do you kno...”
“Oh for God sake give it a rest man!  Your stupid Hallmark card philosophies, life is meant to be hell, the goal of it is death.”
“If I am deciphering the sun’s light rays and the bible correctly,” says Einstein, “The apocalypse started one hour ago.”
“That leaves us with a small window of time, gentlemen.” Says Socrates from behind the wheel as Einstein runs a few equations over on the back of a rocket pop wrapper.
“For what?”
“The zombies will be upon us.”
In the distant horizon emits the sounds of agony, moans of suffering to curl cottage cheese.
“Zombies!” yells Socrates, immediately the small group dig into their pockets and pull out packages of ketchup.
“Quick,” yells Einstein to Chase who is hooked up to a machine and struggling to free himself.  “I’m going to smear this over your head!”
“What?”
“The zombies!” he yells, “They only like their brains plain!”
Chase shrugs with a deep sigh, a little hungry.  “Got a fudge pop?” he asks.
“We knew some of these Cats,” says Socrates shaking his head, “Some real cool cats, some real good friends.  They had their brains removed from their head, lobotomies they call them, now they thirst for brains, to fill the empty hole, looking for their soul.  We must return to them their third eye dies, release their souls to pass over and finally be at peace.”
“What’s a third eye die?”
“Oh, everybody has one, the third eye die, it is a chunk of brain, that can live on its own, then again its not, perhaps more like a future memory?  Your soul, the force that holds all of your family traits, it is how we gamble in the underworld, most third eye dies have maybe one power trait, sometimes not even that, but you’re a creator’s child…”
SLAM!  Something hard strikes the front end and they slam into the back of the van colliding against the freezer, as the van comes skidding to a halt.  Disembarking, outside in the desert, Dr. Freud yells, “There’s a woman’s legs sticking out from beneath the front bumper!”
Einstein is under the hood checking her pulse.  “She’s still alive, poor thing never saw it coming.” He says shaking his head.
“How could you of hit her?” screams Dr. Freud, “I mean what else is out here, you can see an unobstructed view in every fucking direction!  You have the whole fucking desert to maneuver through.  How the hell did you not see her?”
“That’s uncalled for, she was rapidly walking!  Faster than I anticipated!”
Suddenly the woman calls out from under the van, “Hello?  It’s time for your meds!”  “Hello?  Darling can you hear me?  Are you feeling OK?”
“It’s too late for her, she is a zombie, poor girl.  Quick, stab her in the head!  She will turn on us all, her thirst for brains is unquenchable!  More are on the way!  We must make for the distant hills!”
“Hello?  Can you hear me?  I’m going to give you a shot, just a little stick now, hold on...  there, now just rest OK, I’ll be back to check on you soon!”
Socrates looks over the damage, “She smashed up the radiator and engine block pretty good.  It’s done.  We’re going to have to go the rest of the way on foot.”
“This strawberry pop is very yummy,” says Socrates licking the cone.
“about as yummy as a head full of brains for a zombie?” asks Einstein, eyebrows raised.
“Good point!” laughs Socrates.
“Shut up!  SHUT THE HELL UP!” yells Dr. Freud, “I am so sick and tired of both of your stupid…”
“Take only what you desperately need!” says Einstein.
Socrates grabs a pickle jar.
“Let’s create Chase’s third eye die.” Says Socrates, “While there is still time.”
“Now this may hurt a little…”
Dr. Freud flips the electrotherapy ‘on’ switch and Chase is suddenly propelled upwards, in a blinding flash of light.  Flying out of his body, he, rocketing, leaves, channeling, out the planet’s giant queen ant anus.

CHAPTER 19

Some of the wolves, listening to the shaman of the floating spheres, fall under the control of the occupied brain, who calls himself the 9 lobes of gray matter.  Promising power and personal freedom he leads them away from the villages, away from the trees and elders of the forest and into the mountains of fire and rock.
Chase sees the food the brain offers, and drinks the wine but he does not trust the brain.  Turn your life over to a higher power of brain waves, join the science club, renounce all other religions, follow 9 lobes and become his disciple and reach the gates of Nirvana, are promises Chase sees the hooks in.  9 lobes of gray matter among the lower sections of the tree village, gaining support, among the roots, is surrounded by wolf warriors wearing his brand as he speaks his spells upon the villagers.
  “Do you know,” says the brain, “that wherever a thought goes a chemical goes with it?  And that being the case, also, do you know I have the chemicals for ecstasy?  Pure happiness just by releasing a thought, free of the trap, free of fear?  Think about it!  I can teach you how to open doorways with your mind, to be truly connected to the tree spirits, how to channel your higher power through your brain, how to heal others!  Come witness!”  They lead 9 lobes of gray matter to the beggars hut, a diseased wolf lays against a tree trunk, wolf bane covers his face and spine, red mutations feed on his skin, as silver veins trace over his body, and spores puff out of his scabs, he, wearing a pile of stained rags, stirs and sits up as the crowd approaches.
“Witness!” says 9 lobes of gray matter, and his brain roots cover the man’s head and his tentacles’ spiny barbs stick the diseased one in his neck and inject him with their fluid.  The beggar falls on his knees and cries out, then he opens his eyes wide and screams in rejoice, “The hand of Sain is off of me!  I can move without pain!  I am free!”
“Is there no better calling then this?” says 9 lobes chuckling.
 The wolves look at each other, then one by one go under the roots and take the shot.  Afterwards they walk, drool on their face, in a state of bliss, a mania of such high they leave all reality behind.
Chase looks at Moon, “Wow they’re completely out of their tree, what do you think?”
Moon snarls and pulls at him to leave, to change his mind, “You’ll just be a brain junkie,” she says, “we do not need this.”
He looks her deep in her eyes, and sees the light.  “Without you I am lost,” he says, “you are my high, my love, and I will chase after you wherever you go.”
“Well I am going to mother tree to seek her council.” And she, jumping from branch to branch, leaps through the forest.
“Will you always be with me Chase?”
“Always my rose.”
“my thorn.  Forever?”
“Forever.”
Chase running through the forest on all fours leaps from tree limb to root to branch before he lands on a large tree limb, “How are you today my Chase Light?” says mama tree.  
“There is something stirring with the tribe.. an outsider has emerged, one who claims powers of the gods, but he feels tainted, a festering scab.”
“I have felt it too, a taint in the forest and water, a stench in the breath, I do not like him.  It is wise not to trust this false idol, but there is not much I can do, each day I grow more weary, I want to return to my brothers and sisters of the spirit realm, this tree form is more of a....  prison.  However, I still have the power to open up a portal to another world, but I know not where it may lead.”
“One day I will awake all of the forest, I will release you from your prison tombs, do you believe me?” Chase says.  The giant mother tree purrs and sends out a feeling of contentment.
“Know this young wolf, what affects one, from the smallest molecule to the largest star, affects us all, in a chain reaction of sorts, an organized chaos.  So I am going to open a pathway to another world, one full of prosperity and much happiness, with no hardships or war, I want you and your young family to live there in peace and oneness with nature.  However it will take me at least six more months to bridge the gap, with the right stars constellation, and the  planets to be in proper alignment with my stem cell roots, deep in the Mother Earth’s heart.  How is she?  When is the young pup due?”
Chase looks at his soul mate, the she-wolf, and grins, she is flopping from rock to rock in the lake hopping among the butterflies, catching fish for their dinner.
“It will be soon,” says Chase smiling.
There is a smell of smoke in the forest.
“There is a disturbance in the mother woods, a separation of her energy, a shrieking in the breeze.”
Chase sniffs, “Let me investigate,” he says, “Probably Sinx burning stinkweed in the fire pits again.”
“But it doesn’t come from the direction of the fire pits...”
Chase runs seeking the source downwind.  He leaps from branch to branch, hurtling forward at great speed.  She is right, the source of the fire stench comes from the mountain rock.  He pulls a sharp stop by where the forest meets the mountain, and spying from his hiding place, sees 9 lobes of gray matter.   The brain is opening up a mountain cavern hidden from behind a mirage of rock.  He leads a group of wolves, zombie like, locked in chains, inside the cavern, Chase’s brothers are in the group.
Running forward Chase jumps off the tree, onto the rock ledge and pounces on the orbital brain.
“Oh Chase,” says 9 lobes of gray matter bouncing away from Chase’s claws, “And what thoughts do you harbor that you would like to share?”
“I have a thought of bashing you to a pulp.  Release my brothers from this madness!”
“What bad, devious, evil thoughts can I scourge from your poor primitive brain?  It must be so embarrassing to have such a pathetic pitiful brain capable of only bland meaningless thoughts.”
Cries of pain and suffering come from down the rock corridor hall inside the mountain cavern.
“Ah quite a cocktail, anger and adrenaline, you are mixing, want to know my antidote?” says 9 Lobes as his roots reach out to cover Chase’s head.
“Your antidote is a turd falling from the butt cheeks of a scavenger crab.  I am going to rip you apart into musher pile of crap then you already are!  Be, what?  An improvement!   I am going to fertilize the land with your corroded crusty batteries!”   Chase snarls, and jumps for the brainstem’s throat.
9 lobes of gray matter rises up out of reach, “Oh the chemical you will have then is FEAR boy!  You little punk!  You will bleed in fear!” and 9 lobes of gray matter calls out in an unknown tongue and suddenly rushing out of the cavern into the clearing, hoof beats strike as invaders charge, minotaurs with red skins, battle cattle creatures, massive, with torches and staves, stampede.
They trample down the wolf pack, pinning them down with rods and staves.  They burn into their hides magic symbols, entrapping their will with mysticism, overwriting the creature’s DNA code, pulling at their brain synapses to misfire in the wrong directions gaining mental control for demonic procession.  With their brands, they encage the wolves’ hearts in a glowing red prison ward.  Mercury pierces and seeps into their bloodstream, eating corroding, corrupting, the silver mercury courses, throughout all the veins in their body, turning them black, controlling, the liquid metal cools and they stumble, mindless, into the minotaur Mon’s den.  Others, thought to be out of the village on missions from days past, emerge, now wearing iron for armor and horned masks and helms.  Some carry clubs and large blunt swords as they stagger forth zombie-fied.
Chase runs, calling out to his mate, he is linked too.  “Danger!  Run!”  he says, “Run to mama tree!”
Chase runs, narrowly escaping the Mons and their clubs and brands, and heads back to Moon.
“Mama tree please open the door, Moon must escape!”
“But our brothers and sisters, we must warn them!”  shouts Moon.
“Moon you are with child, you go through I will warn them and meet you later!”
“Open please Mama tree, the portal,” Chase can see the Mama tree, across the valley, he speeds faster, searching for Moon to return.
“It, the earth realm, is currently covered in shadow,  all I see are eyes of fire in dark seeded halls, I do not know where this doorway leads, the destination is the shadow realm, it is not a physical location, you may get lost in there and never find your way out.”
“Our minds are always linked, we will find the way home.”
There is a scream of protest, a murder of doves, and a portal opens to take them, he hears the screaming of the tree spirits, burning in premature death, just then a Mon rushes up from behind, as more others storm rushing out a lake of fire screaming.
The Mon’s have opened a doorway to hell, it burns, a wound stabbed open and screaming, the steam rises as hot magma pours out of the portal and into the lake.
They are stampeding out in uncountable numbers, they are everywhere, one Mon grabs Chase up in its arms and bites him savagely on his neck, Chase fights back and wraps his jaw over its arm.  The Mon has his hand, hoof, chiseled into a blade, its other hand, a hammer, smashes into Chase’s chest, paralyzing him.
Chase, guarding the mother tree in wait of Moon, bites down, again and again, tasting fire, the Mon screams releasing him.  Another Mon comes and lifts the hot brand over Chase’s head, and three more surround him, pinning him, forcing him down by his throat.
Chase feels like daggers are in his head, sinking in.  Moon, rushes from out the tree canopy and running, she dives into the horde and catapults her body into Chase, knocking him straight through Mama Tree’s portal.  Chase, screaming, “Noooooo!”, the last thing he sees, as the portal opens to take him, and he travels through a thousand birthing stars across the realms of space, rocketing him to another dimension, is Moon, forced to her knees, her heart, branded by the liquid fire.  She is hit hard, blood splatters out of her mouth.  Chase screams as Moon is infected with their flame.  The silver mercury takes effect, she in convulsions, fighting, falls as black blood spreads throughout her veins.  Soon the prune disease takes to her body and starts growing, from inside her, out of her mouth.  
“I can still save her but she will be imprisoned in between worlds.  But I can’t remove the poison in her, only keep it from spreading.”
As Moon’s eyes turn dazed, a milky coating covering them, Mother Tree’s limbs reach down and surround Moon, wrapping up her legs and body, the tree root’s rip out from the ground from a giant bleeding wound, Mother Tree’s cry of pain is felt through every forest root and branch, the earth shivers, and a moan of a thousand dying men breaks out from the bowels of the earth.  The last of Mother Tree’s sap pours over the interwoven root statue that makes up Moon, it pours all over Moon’s body and down her throat.  Moon’s scream is cut short, the roots and sap of Mother tree, encase her.  They squeeze tightly around Moon and then unravel.  There is nothing there, Moon is nowhere to be found.  The roots unearthed, Mother Tree topples over, “There, her soul is saved but trapped in the spirit world in the womb of Mother Earth...” she says in low hums and then is silent.
Out of Chase’s eyes a fire dies, and all turns black.

CHAPTER 20

The desert heat beats against the four staggering figures at high noon on the desert of death’s hungry shore.  An occasional moaning scream sounds from the south but the heat is what keeps them moving, the illusion of shade in the mountains just north, big leafy trees can be seen on the horizon, looming, blooming in fresh green growth, but no matter how much they struggle it seems the shade of the forest paradise remains just out of reach.
“A damn mirage!  Anyone else seeing a chicken drumstick?”
“Face it!”  yells Dr. Freud, “We are more lost then up a chicken’s ass!”
“We cannot be, we’ve been following the brightest star!”  says Socrates pointing to the sun.
“We’ve been following the sun? You lunatic!  No fucking wonder..”
“The forest.. wet river.. murk.. mud…” dry dehydrated throats scratch together, muffling and slurring their rasp of sandpaper on old bricks and mummy wrapping, speech, it is easier not to talk, to keep whatever moisture they have left on their tongue.
“What have we learned?” asks Socrates.
“What do you mean?”
“What lesson, of the journey, being aware that we wore the red ruby slippers the whole time, have we learned?”
“That you are crazy, that life is a hemorrhoid cream that doesn’t work?”
Socrates smiles a toothy grin, “I knew you would understand!  God I love you!  Now, why do you think I have been carrying this ‘empty’ pickle jar?”
“Because you are a lunatic!”
“Because you like pickles a lot?” asks Chase.
“Because maybe that’s your way of saying I’m hungry for salvation?” says Einstein.
“Hah!  I think you get the point of this exercise.”  Socrates unscrews the lid, reaches inside, “False bottom,” he says and pulls out a gun.
“My God he’s going to shoot us!” yells Dr. Freud in hysteria, he starts rapidly crawling away, his loin cloth digging in the desert sand.
Socrates aims for the sky and fires, a flare rockets out into the sky before exploding in a red fiery blast.
Minutes later a giant floating castle approaches.
“Welcome to Bethlahamburger my friends!” says Socrates with a smile. 
At the bed and breakfast, on board the flying castle of Bethlahamburger, the green girl, the sauSage princess, smiles from the corner of her face where the sausage transplant was made.
She smells delicious to Chase.  She raises her glass ass, high heels tilting it up, a golden lake of shadows ripple, an oarsman rows past, in a toast to world peace, the shadows pour out of her shaven faucet into Chase’s mouth as the cold water rushes out of him, she kicks bowls off the table top and with her tongue wrapping around it she swallows half the hotdog held in her small hands, “I mean, you weren’t really going to eat that whole thing were you?” she says in a voice of a tree devouring a man left on a park bench at night.
“Your unborn child’s brain is in a pickle jar.  You must free it from Dr. Wormpeeler, the one who has stolen it, he wants to force his own cruel personality and identity traits into your unborn child’s mind.  He must be stopped!  You must acquire good genetic traits for her!
We, agents of the mind, are with you on this quest.  You know Soc, Freud, and Einstein, right?  I am Nancy.  I believe the brain has informed you what must be done?  To toss the brain into the fires of Sain?  Your group is just up ahead, they will join you.”
“Here, on the family tree, is a lingering thought, a memory, a spindle of thread that makes up your tapestry, a dream contained in your newly invented mind before you made a revelation that changed the universe as we know.  Dr. Wormpeeler means to abort your daughter, Evening Light, and have her as a host body for his master Sain.  He must be stopped!”
As they lead Chase out of the castle asylum her voice changes mouths, “We created the Meat Wand, a state of the art tool to keep meat and whole grains fresh.”
“Yes, yes, interesting,” says Socrates, “but at what cost?”
“You must understand we did it for the good!  We had only good intentions.”
“Face it Nancy, you stood on the shoulders of giants, you opened doorways that should have forever remained close, just what, Nancy, does this device do?”
“Well, simply put it keeps meat and whole grains fresh by returning them to life.  But without a brain!  Just alive, no pain or nervous systems!  Just alive to keep from rotting!”
“I see.”  Says Einstein, “You wanted to play god to a pack of hotdogs, you sicko!  You sick science types always get your corny kicks off on all of the fast food lobbyist’s meatloaf  beef  and political pedigree patty cakes!”
Crying through the tears, she cries in pain, “but, that’s not it…  our device fell into the wrong hands!  The hands of an evil and terrible man, Dr. Wormpeeler!  He is a pro-lifer!”
“So was your mama,” points out Dr. Freud.
“But he.. he is using the device to bring fetuses back to life after they abort them!
He waits for your child to come!  He wants to conduct cruel experiments on the memory of your fetus and so effect and erase all of present day reality!”
“How can a memory remember something that never happened?”  Chase says, still stuck on that point, as he considers it exhibit A, and he is unable to continue forward with the conversation.  He sits on the park bench next to Socrates, while trying to forget.  “I need some drugs.”
Dr. Freud hands him a joint.  
“Oh my God thank you!  Why didn’t you tell me you had..”
“She means to repress us.”
“Good,” says Chase lighting up.  “God knows I want to be a good Father, but Fuck, what do I have to offer?  She would be better off if I just checked out.”
Dr. Freud holds a turkey dog sausage out as bait and as the pigeons come close he throws a tarp over them capturing them for dinner.
“In the wild you learn how to survive,” he says, “Hungers a bitch that you eat out of shoes.”
“Why don’t you just eat the pack of turkey dog sausages instead of baiting birds with them?”  asks Einstein, “I just don’t understand,” to which the Doctor, irate, fumigates, he shakes his head in disappointment, ketchup and pigeon drool down his chin.
Chase sees a group of bikers made of leaves ride by and sink behind the Water Fountain.
“We must switch the fake brain in our pickle jar with his, we’ll be clear across town before anyone notices… He He he he he.” laughs Socrates.
Suddenly, portals of fire open inside each tree, faces rise up from the depths of hell on the bark screaming in torment and pain before they are swallowed up by bigger mouths, they submerge to the darkness below.  Chase sees the tree’s true face of Moon as she burns into the tar night pit hungry for a bite of flesh and blood, she has become infected.
They climax when her tree branches open their mouth’s buds, pink petals soft and lifted,  surrender their treasure, taking him whole she blooms under cover of night, and swallows his horse pill,  light and fish oil secreting, monkeys fly out his head, lunar pull of thick plumb skin being punctured,  her rotting zombie mouth, cheeks dimpled, with suction open inward and she holds Chase with love as he injects her with his salt forging her body in the elements of fire, water, earth, and air.  A temporary fix, already she is being pulled away, soon they must part once more, but the bond is pure, they always are connected.  Inside his heart she blooms in a laughter, a caged garden demon, she grows from a rose, “I’m pregnant with you,” she says.
The snow covers her lakeside property, crystallizing his pulse into her trunk of wood, beating of a heart almost out and still.  Moon.  Chase senses, she kisses him and behind his eyes her vines climb upon the walls of Chase’s heart, her red ivy growing over both their skeleton bodies lost tangled in her weeds.
The crowd at the abortion clinic hold signs and torches, fly kites tied to their buttresses of steel, attracted to the light in their moth bodies and long wick wood tree stick witches to try and burn.  Dr. Freud waves his sign and politely asks about a special pickle jar Doctor Wormpeeler may be carrying.
“Yo, detective man, what’s with all the questions?” asks a determined woman thumping her side, feet in high heels and hips in a soft pink miniskirt.
Her sign reads “What Came First?” then in smaller print under it, “Fruit or Sin?  The Chicken or the Egg?  Rooster Sperm?”
“Your mama!” yells Dr. Freud.
“Oh yeah, up yours!  And just what the hell does your sign mean?” she says, grunting.  She points to the sign Dr, Freud is waving.  It reads, “I smell Hamburger!”
“Your sign is no prize winner either,” he comments, “Now tell me about your Father.”
She looks down suddenly ashamed, as a murder of faded gray seagulls flock the abortion clinic building penthouse and its grounds.  This is Dr. Wormpeelers’ minion flock.
Chase’s sign reads, “Love?” the crowd parts for him and as he walks by, they can’t meet him in the eye.  A lady reading it falls over on the ground and weeps in tears, “Oh you must be Jesus!” she cries.
Chase turns to Socrates as Chase twirls his wooden Jesus Yo-Yo, he is getting a little better at it.  “This really feels wrong, but it may be even worse to ignore that it is happening. What healing do we bring?”
“A butt load,” says Socrates, “We are here to save your unborn daughter, we must be confident that God has a plan for everyone, perhaps we can help.  You do not want to know what future horrors await if your unborn daughter is aborted, or worse, becomes possessed by Sain.”
Just then, Dr. Wormpeeler yells from a megaphone on the clinic’s penthouse top floor suite, “Look!  Be amazed!  Three days after this fetus was aborted, it rose again from the dead!  It is a miracle!”
The crowd cheers.
Socrates, getting closer to the door, raises his sign, which reads, “Pants.”
And in the back Einstein walking slowly to the back door of the abortion clinic ducks behind his sign that reads, “Buy one Get one Free.”
They slowly move closer to the doors of the clinic, behind their signs, holding them like shields.
They sneak in the back door as the clinic doctors wheel in a crate of live pregnant pigs to be slaughtered, in a pig roast, for lunch.
Abortion protestors give them some space as charged up with emotion the crowd shouts and chants their rage.
In the elevator Socrates withdraws a large bat with nails driven in it from out of his robe.  The music fluting through the vents is a heavy metal song called “The real cost of the fertilized egg and ham omelet.”  Einstein hums a few notes, taking out two hand held chainsaws, Dr. Freud looks at his slingshot, doubtful.  
“It has a nice beat,” says Socrates about the song as the door opens.
“Yes kind of catchy,” says Einstein, jumping into the corridor.  His chainsaws churn with blood lust as he carves into the clinic door.  The nurses jump and run for their weapons and hide behind the counter for cover.
On the penthouse floor Dr. Wormpeeler’s dark shadow, glides, feet not touching the ground.   He is communicating, with a hologram of a floating brain, radiating from a solid sphere of darkness.
“Give it up Wormpeeler, the gig is over!” screams Socrates leaping with his bat behind him as he slams it forward in a full swing.
“You’ll never take me alive!” screams Dr. Wormpeeler, pitching a live fetus at him.  Socrates ducks fast and tackles him down.
A muddy puddle of veins and tissue, a squinched up baby face, bundled on the floor, in a diaper rag and holding out its tiny clenched hand it  crawls closer, “Brrrrraaaaaaainnnns!” it cries.
Doctor Wormpeeler turns reaching in his pickle jar.
“HAH!  It’s too late!”  he yells grabbing the brain he stuffs it in his mouth before launching out of the window.  The seagulls cover him and he flies away in a flock of gray.
A voice bleeds out through the speakers, “Self destruct in 10, 9, 8...”
“Get the hell out!  Now!”  Dr. Freud squealing dives through the garbage shut, the other three close behind.
The top floor offices explode in a fiery blast.
Dust, powder and smoke choke out the crowd as alarms go off.  “Quick,” shouts Dr. Freud breathing heavily, suit singed and ruined, “Must get out before authorities arrive!”  They hustle outside into the crowd of disarrayed protestors and make their way to the abortion clinics playground park and jumble gym memorial dedicated to an unborn baby named Kate.
“It’s over then,” says Einstein, “We lost, he ate it.  His identity will overwrite our baby’s brain into a copy of his own twisted personality.”
“He is the one who the baby will be born into, the personality he will become when grown,” says Dr. Freud sad like.
“Don’t bet on it!” says Socrates excitedly, “He hee heee!  I switched jars on him!  He he!  I switched brains! Hee he hee he!” 
Socrates hands Chase the pickle jar triumphantly, “Don’t let this out of your sight!” He yells.  
Chase looks inside the pickle jar.
“What do you think now Chase?  About our abilities? I say now just relax and trust in us!”
“All I see is a pickle,”  says Chase still looking in the jar.
“Exactly!  Now, there’s a bridge toll, to get to the Land of Sain, we must cross.  We have to work the black market genetic trait dealers over to get some information!  We will split up and canvas the area!  Find and question all the third eye die dealers, they stole Evening Light’s traits!  We must get her traits back and save Moon and find the Monk Key to unlock the brain and throw it in the fires of Sain!  Regulators!  Agents of the mind!  Let’s ride!”

CHAPTER 21

So close to the planets core, the magma rising is cooking them like a hotdog on the grill.  Chase takes off his shirt.  The well of longevity of sleepless dreams they climbed down for hours has led them here, the lair of the Molepeople, in their Temple of Light QueenBurger franchise.  
Einstein looks at Chase’s chest, then away, looks at Chase’s chest, eyeballing his ribs, and back muscles, then looks away, suddenly his face breaks into a large toothy grin.  He consults his decipher key, reaches out and traces a finger over Chase’s abs and back, “Yes!”
“Problems?” says Chase looking at Einstein strangely, “why are you touching me?’
“I deciphered the sunlight, and given the instructions found inside the code of light, by using the Bible as the decipher key, I have the coordinates we need, but we do not have the map to plot them on.  The reading, loosely translated,  says the map, is “Found on the Moles of Light!”, I thought the map would be here in the Molepeople’s Temple of Light.  But taken literally, Chase, your last name is Light!”
“Hey, hey, hey!” says Socrates in between bites of his burger.
“This could be the missing link we need, you do have a lot of moles on your skin!” continues Einstein, “I believe now the map is the moles on your body Chase!  Come stand over here!  We are running out of time!”
Chase scratches his chin and stands next to the statue of a Moleman riding a large earthworm.  He sighs, staring at the humongous worm, stuffed in a burger Socrates is eating, combo #1633 “Am I the only one who ordered the hallucinogen veggie burger mystery meatloaf and the Health clinic Anti-Psychotic punch combo #993?  What the hell is happening?”  He allows Einstein the close scrutiny.
Einstein giggles with excitement, “Yes!  Yes!  This mole corresponds to the QueenBurger joint found on Mount Olympus!  Quick hand me a marker,” shouts Einstein down the tunnel.
Chase wonders at, that here, in the dark shadow deep below the earth the mole people worship the light, when they can never stand beneath it, always seeking the comfort of dark.  “Why do we always want what we can never have?”
Dr Freud comes running, “I don’t have a marker but.. wait..” Dr. Freud digs through his mother’s purse, “Here’s some red lipstick, will that work?”
“Yes, that is perfect!  Now, we are here,” Einstein circles a mole on Chase’s chest, “and here are the poles, the equator, the star constellation of Cancer, yes yes, now,”  he is drawing more lines, “Here is the location of the Lunar QueenBurger!  Quick Chase remove your pants!”  Einstein is in a heated game of connect the dots with Chase’s moles.
“Is this really necessary?” asks Chase.
“Remove your pants, there is no time!”
Chase sighs and drops his jeans leaving on his red and green boxers with Rudolf and Hermey the elf who dreams of being a dentist across the waist.
“Yes, just as I thought, the mole on the northern hemisphere above your penis is the third coordinate, now we triangulate and, hold on,” drawing on Chase’s buttocks, “the QueenBurger in Hell that we just visited, here this tiny spinoff is the humongous fried goat head none of us could finish,” Einstein draws a line up Chase’s ribcage, “and here, he he!  right here above your heart!  He he!  That is the QueenBurger you must travel to, once you have our brains, to toss our brains into the fires of Sain!”
Socrates looks on, “Wait, hold the pickle tenderly!  The mole constellation is..  the connect the dots, it looks just like a monkey!”
“The monk’s key!  Of course, Chase you had the answer the whole time!”
“And wait!  Look at this flair up!  This rash, a temporal disturbance of bed bug parasite bites right above your butt, or could it be Heaven’s Holy Gate?  That must be where your unborn daughter, Evening Light’s genetic traits have been stolen, and over here here and here are, gentlemen...” says Einstein excitedly drawing three small circles making the eyes and mouth of the monkey.
“Yes, yes?” says Socrates eagerly.
“Our brains!”
“Chase, there is something you should know.  Do you remember when we first met each other?” Einstein asks Chase quietly.
The four of them are busy with preparations, gathering their supplies off of the lobotomized pack carriers, and cutting them loose.
“Sure, at QueenBurger a few months ago.”
 “Are you so sure?  The first time we will meet is far in the past of your future.”
“What?  That makes no sense.”
“To get to the mole above your heart, we need to journey across a brain synapse bridge and enter the land of Sain.  But Chase, we endanger you, you see, Dr. Wormpeeler, he removed a brain lobe from each of us in his creation of the aberration.. he created..  an abomination, he created....  9 lobes, his horrid minion.”
“What, why, how?”
“9 lobes knows exactly what each of us is thinking, sharing our brains, the part controlled by fear and horror, but although he repeatedly tries, he does not have what he wants the most.  Our brain lobes, yours too, will make him complete, a God to this world created in our minds.  The rest of our brains are hidden in a remote location, they send us our signals, our thoughts, memories, operate by satellite, a remote location that only Dr. Freud knows because of our sessions together, but the Doctor cannot tell anyone because of the patient rights confidentiality oath he is bound to that he took when he became a shrink.
You hold your unborn daughter Evening Light’s brain in your pickle jar, but you must not let 9 lobes collect the rest of our brains or he will become invincible.  The brains are locked in another dimension, along with the entranceway to the fires of Sain, one that only the fabled monk’s key can unlock and open, the key to the God’s!  And the mole constellation on your back and chest, connecting into a monkey, cannot be a coincidence!  You must be the chosen one!  The secret of the monk’s key is inside you.  Don’t worry, Dr. Freud says we are close and once you are safe, he will give you a vision of a memory he has erased, you will know the truth.”
A Molewomen waitress steps over to fill up their ice tea drinks, Einstein makes like he is zipping his mouth shut, then unzips it and swallows an imaginary key, then zips it back up.  “Nevermind, I’ll tell you the rest later, after we find our brains!”
 “Here Chase, according to your map, you must use the bathroom’s mirror portal to take you to....” 
Chase waits while Einstein finishes his equation on a paper napkin, “the ship cabin loft of Capt. Beans, he has a majority of Evening Light’s traits, the hazmat vacuum cleaner to bagging and storing our brains and a way in past the 9 shades defense.  You may have to do some bargaining with him, but I warn you, fighting is out of the question, he is too strong.”

 CHAPTER 22

Chase enters the lofty ships cabin QueenBurger.  It is slowly rocking to the tide below.  Seaweed and kale decorate the walls, a layer of salt residue sits thick on the floorboards.  A creak of a coffin long buried and unearthed, opening, and the crustaceous skeleton of a crabman’s body is revealed, trapped, inside a giant clam shell.   In the diminishing light shadows shrink and grow among port holes and railings leading into winding passages.  A dark world of deep sea creatures lay in cold slumber in giant aquariums, chambers and cages.  Beings stagger, chained, occasionally moaning.  Tiny animals scatter into the dark recesses of the cabin, gnawing on fresh sacrifices, their paws in the sticky blood, spilt whiskey and feces, they leave wet impressions, tiny paw prints trailing across the wooden deck.
Chase walks a bit further in the darkness when suddenly a light shines above and sitting next to a hearty treasure chest and two criss-crossed cannons, sits a giant being.  Over his head are artificial halos, the glow of shields.  His body is integrated with a relay of metal antennas and satellite dish intercoms, with shield generators and giant battery cells and electric motors, whirling, he makes deep rumblings as gears and a buzzing of lasers, hum in the low mechanical machine motors rolling like greased clockwork cogs running in a jet engine, the source is from a body full of armor and immense appendages.  The only human thing about the large being sitting there, or perhaps the only human thing left, are its three eyes, each one an oversized immense pumpkin head, one red and one blue and one yellow, but lit like brilliant jewels, simmering in a glow of inner power.  There is a hint of genius beneath those veiled eyelids.
Captain Beans is part-machine, part-man, part-beast abstractly jointed, and as Chase watches Captain Bean begins the fast transformation into something a bit more similar to Chase’s own appearance.  The Captain’s antennas and multiple limbs shrink inside and finger digits form, his face reshuffles till finally he becomes a mix between a man and a large metal bear, with a row of thick arms and legs and a long strong spiked tail.  Captain Bean winks with his giant orbs, the light shining off then on, at his parrot, who snickers, sitting on his shoulder.
Chase tries in vain to look away from Captain Bean’s crotch, thinking the Captain is showing off a little more than he really needs to.  
“Ah HAR me matey!” squints the Captain, “Ye Be in the cabin of Captain Beans and I be the Bean!  Ye be wanting something special?”
“I’m looking for a dealer of traits and I heard you’re in the business of zombie heads, third eye dies and power chemicals.  I’m also looking for a way to cross the brain synapses bridge into the land of Sain.  I am looking for your supplier, a brain, 9 lobes,” says Chase casually, “I heard he comes by here to collect, that you deal for him in the black arts, I heard he gave you a shipment, an important shipment, the stolen family traits of Evening Light, my daughter,” says Chase gradually walking up to the Captain, pointing at his face, “I want to get them back,” Chase walks up to the abomination of flesh and metal and pokes him in the forehead.  “I want you to give me the stolen third eye die and tell me what you know.”
The Captain smiles and yellow paste comes out of his pores like from a clogged toilet being plunged, he smiles chuckling.  More purple yellow paste squeezes out his lubricated skin, it melts, forming a new layer.  He points to the treasure chest and it flings open.  A velvet cloth with purple trim bag rises out of it, the Captain points to the table where the bag floats over to as a chair pulls out from the table for Chase, as if magically, and the bag softly lands in the middle.
“Yee be right, I be a dealer of third eye die, I go through 9 lobes who collects.  I’m not a granddaddy dealer, small, but as you can see, I have collected quite an arsenal of highly profitable genetic traits.  So some may be from the unborn child Evening Light, maybe not.  So I may know about 9 lobes location, maybe I don’t.” He runs his hand over the bag, stroking it, and with a deep well satisfied grunt he opens it and pulls out a box of die.
“But now why should I tell you anything?  I will give you what you want if you make it worth my wild.  What do you have to offer me?”
Chase lights a joint and casually puts on Jesus’ bifocals.  His sight takes a colorful tint.  The Captain is an interwoven giant bright light string ball, so bright Chase cannot see.  He can see no physical or mental weakness in the Captain’s body.  Also visible to Chase are the spirits of the dead lost at sea, they, attracted to the bright light of the ship, sorrowfully moan shuffling across the cabin floor and out onto the ocean surface, but they cling to the QueenBurger vessel as if trapped or chained here.  There is something very unusual about the Captain, some secret he is not letting on to, Chase must tread carefully.  
Chase has to even the odds some.  He passes the joint to the smiling Captain who takes a deep drag.  Chase removes an Action Jax spray bottle squirt gun from his belt.  It is full of an experimental drug called the sound of mind, government label, hallucinogen.
“Oh, want to clean some of my windows?  How nice.” says the Captain with a laugh, and before Chase can pull the trigger, tentacles from down deep below wrap up his arm in a bone crushing hold till Chase can no longer feel his hand.  The bottle falls to the floor.  
Chase can sense a large mouth just under him, hungry and waiting.
“Ah...  your packing some heat?  Outstanding.  I like your style!  You go for the unpredictable.  I admire that, I really, really do.  What would fermented brain juiced from thousands of patients freshly squeezed brain lobotomies do to me, I wonder.  Interesting.  It is like what is there  outside of the universe, out there, to ask what is outside my mind that wants in.  Well, it was a good try, not a bad play, at all, but it’s over.  It was good knowing you, now I fear you will be food for my pet sea titan.  I wonder if you..” before the Captain can continue, Chase cuts in.
“Actually that was just a decoy,” says Chase with a grin and a wink of his own to the parrot, as there is a loud pop from beneath Captain Bean’s seat, and a hissing sound as the room fills up with a hazy mist.  The parrot sticks out its tongue.  “The true trip begins!”
“Why you crazy ass!  You detonated a chemical grenade?  Do you have a death wish?  If we do not take an antidote in the next hour we will become blonde zombies! And even so, now we both are going to be out of our tree for the next day and a half... ahhh... the sweet freedom of insanity returns... and how is it that you were able to guard your thoughts against my mind probe?”  Captain Beans frowns then turns his head sideways into the intercom speaker.
“Pull up the anchor!” yells the Captain, “Set sail for Atlantis!”  The ship comes to life, energy ripples through the floor in a wave of currents and along the walls sea creatures turn on and activate.  They busily begin transforming the ship into motion, there is movement and a loud splash as giant oars slide out and begin to row.
“Now, I am afraid I’m going to have to..” the Captain’s row of eyes light upon the die around Chase’s neck, his third eye die.  Captain Beans eyes pop, his pupils, fishes swimming, rise to the surface as he salivates.  “Oh yes, I see now, yes, yes, my friend, that is quite an interesting die you got there.”
Captain Beans taps his steel leg on the deck and the beast below Chase releases hold of him.  “Now, yes..  hmmmmm.... my friend your karma rating is off the charts!  Outstanding!  Yes, very nice.  Let’s make this interesting, let’s play a game.  Say, my third eye die against yours? Tit for tat, traits for traits?”
Chase grips the hilt of the politically correct blade the Wormpeople’s chief gave him to hunt, cut and sever, the sacred giant worms with.  He wants to shove it down the Captains throat, “No, I didn’t come here to play some stupid game,” says Chase.
“Game boy?  This particular game we play is special, you see we all have a third eye die, a section of our living brain.  It holds our family traits.  But your third eye die in particular,” Captain Beans licks his lips, “Yes, I have only seen one as powerful, right here,” a glowing red, blue, and purple die shoots out the velvet bag and into Captain Bean’s hand, “it comes from a lass you may be interested in... a beautiful little vixen named Moon.  You know her?”
Chase’s blood rushes from his face, “Moon!”  He stands up, chair skidding away, and two steps on the table with his hand reaching out for Captain Beans’ neck, when he becomes immobilized, unable to move.
“Now, now, that’s not how we play!  You can play this game civilly or I can feed you to my sea titan, but that will be a real shame, you see I can only acquire traits from a willing contestant, they must be freely given.  Now you want to play?”
Chase nods and the parrot on Captain Bean’s shoulder snickers.  Chase takes a seat at the table and removes his die from around his neck.
“Excellent!”  says Capt. Bean, “Now you go first.”
“What do I do?” asks Chase, 
“Easy enough, first we offer a trait for attack and one for defense, you have to imagine it on the face of your die, it takes a little getting used to.  That leaves four slots for minor arena traits, then we roll our third eye dies simultaneously, and if we get a minor trait, it applies and we go fish!  Depending on what trait is being offered, in opposition to each other, we lose or gain traits.  You’ll catch on.  But, if you lose all of your traits you become what we call a Translucent Zombie!”
“Now add your two traits,” says Capt Beans, “and ready?” Chase nods, roll on three.  One. Two. Three.  Chase and Captain Beans roll.  Suddenly the table transforms into an arena, an ocean, the Captain’s home court.  Chase’s die turns into a large sea creature, a monster beast sprouting five large necks.  The Captain rolls, his die lands on a hole, a wicked dark creviced snake eye, the one hole begins growing larger and opening up, sucking in ocean water, soon a cyclone forms.
“You started out with a novice move, thick hair trait defense with baldness as an attack....  and I’m afraid you rolled sea serpent, but there is nothing for you to attack.  Now we fish.”
They roll again, Chase’s die lands on two Mermaids with red X’s over her breasts.
“Oh...  tough break,” says the Captain as the Viking of death by water climbs out the Captain’s third eye die’s snake eye hole, and turns on the serpent, “My attack was rot mouth, I fear your serpent cant bite or attack my Viking because now all its teeth are decayed, you lose your strong tooth enamel trait, now your mermaids and serpent are finished!”  
Chase watches as they get trapped in the water cyclone and are pulled down.
“Let’s see, I get to give you two flaws, I snuck in there intense paranoia about alien conspiracy and I am taking your strong teeth enamel trait.  Sorry but your teeth are now rotting!  Stinky!  Stinky! Rot breath!  He he!”  The captain laughs and the parrot snickers as Chase’s teeth, turn brown and brittle and feels his enamel crumble as he bites down.
Chase looks up out of the port holes and says, “They’re here!  Beware they’re watching!”  
“Ready?”
“One.”
“Two.”
“Three.”
They roll their die simultaneously again, Chase, still distracted by the distant spaceships growing closer, takes a deep breath and tries to focus, man his breath reeks.  Chase’s die lands on a blue armada of ships, steam powered, they toot out images of gorgeous women dancing from their smoke stacks, the Captain rolls and the table changes to an arena of a ship graveyard, the ships are barnacled in the mud.   The Captain smiles, “You are offering good guitar playing, that always gets the babes right?  Love to fuck the jamming guitar player in the band?   May even overlook rot mouth for a kiss?  He he he!  Sorry boy, my attack is sleep deprivation, which leads to depression which leads to a nasty drug and alcohol habit in the bars and sleazy holes your band plays in, want to give a hand job for some of that good sweet stuff?  He he he!”  
“You Go Fish and I get to roll again.  But first I’ll take your good guitar playing talent trait, and give you the sleep deprivation family trait and mental depression.”
The Captain, his hands rocking dice, he lets them go in the air, where they hover around the light, 
“Feeling a little drowsy?  It’s med time!,” laughs the Captain as his die, sucks up the light, and crash lands on the table with a constellation of the big dipper.
The light grows dim.
“Go Fish Chase!”
Chase, eyes sunk into his face, looks drowsy and confused, “I hear the humming of the aliens anal probe getting closer,” whispers Chase wide eyed.  The parrot snickers.  Chase rolls a cake, with plump men women and animals decorating it in a beautiful outdoor scene with frosting.
“The overweight genetic trait, how typical, I knew you would use that!”  says the Captain.  “Oh look, my star constellation used to navigate to the Land Before Time, changes into a fleet of clocks, my starships, are flying, firing from their clock towers.  Looks like we are gambling for an aging trait.  The clock face men are boarding your cake, planting candles!  It’s now a birthday cake with 103 candles lit on it!  My clock men are killing time!  Your forest is burning!  They are winding your clock tower head to five times past the maximum limit, you’re a stinking ancient mummy!  And all of your cakemen are now my captives, too I fear.  Welcome to the crew!  He he hew!  You lose, my friend, I feel your young life energy filling my body!  You’re an old senile prune now!   Ha ha ha, you can barely move, and too bad you now have dementia.”
Chase, hands wrinkled, lights a joint.  He closes his eyes and inside his mind he finds himself naked in a small dingy miles out at sea.  He is lost and cold and tired and senile. “Where am I?” Chase croaks in Captain Bean’s cabin from a wrinkled dried up throat.  He keeps his eyes closed and in the distance hears the siren’s call, “My back door?” says Chase with a rumble of deep wonder, he reminisces about his youth, when he was young, and slips back as if in a dream.
“Senility?  I’m insane?” he talks to the empty chair next to him where Moon sits.  He can hear Moon laughing.
 “You know this game,” says Moon from far away, whispering in his ear.  “You play it every night in your sleep.  Remember?  Remember!”
“Wait..  yes.. I.. Yes!  Yes!” It all comes flooding back to him.
“Feed the fishies you old prune,” says Captain Bean, “get up and jump overboard you senile waste of space, you’re talking to people who are not here, you’re done!”
Chase cannot feel anything but a warmth in his hand as he clenches his third eye die, “waaaait,” he says before Capt. Beans can collect Chase’s eye die, “You forget the senior citizen special, since I am a senior citizen now I get an extra roll,” he says in an old rusty laugh.  Chase’s sudden cackle shakes the table arena.   
“Wait matey!”  The Captain asks his parrot something and after a pause the parrot squawks back, the Captain sighs and says, “Ok, I’ll humor you, you old prune.  Roll your dumb die!”
Chase tosses his third eye die into the ocean on the table, bubbles form, the current grows stronger, circling, and a giant tree of eight necks grows out of the ocean sprouting quickly, it radiates in a green glow.  A young boy is playing a flute in the branches. The song is enrapturing.
“You know this song,” the boy says.
Chase remembers from a life time ago.  It is the call of the Sirens, the beautiful seductresses who call to distant sailors and crash their ships against their rocks.  Captain Beans’ clock sailors, all spellbound, steer towards the siren’s song, voices echoing in their mind, seducing, teasing, hypnotizing them, the song permeates from thousands of throats into a seductive growl as the sirens wag their tail and their eyes.  As the ships near, they crash against the giant tree of eight necks.  The sirens swarm over them in an orgy eating their bodies and gorging on their meat.
Remembering, playing this very game in a different time zone, Chase finds himself in a spaceship rocketing worlds away. The aliens, who have white owl faces and the body of frogmen, remove their dentures and lay down their triple turtle head vibrating anal apparatus.
“The alien conspiracy trait, some consider bad, but now..” he says, “the gifts of life are turning a curse into a lesson into a blessing.”  
“Can you take your time machine back about two months, and bring a younger me, Chase, to the present?” Chase asks the aliens.
“Why?” the alien’s voices repeat over and over.
“I need to finish a game that holds the fate of the universe in its hands.  Plus I can get you a QueenBurger Combo #899, a giant sex slave gummy bear!”  
“Yes.. yes ye sye syes ye sye yes yesys” repeat the voices.
 They beam a much younger Chase back to the ocean ship graveyard arena as Captain Beans fleet of clock tower war vessels shipwreck against the mighty tree trunk.  The younger Chase, arriving on the deck, has a wax pear he nuked in the microwave stuck on his nose from an earlier engagement, he quickly goes below deck into the Captain’s cabin.  He sees himself playing a game with Captain Beans, as an old wrinkled skeletal husk of a man. 
The elderly Chase’s long white beard hangs down, and, as the Captain looks on in disbelief, the younger Chase winks at the older one, and laughs, and the older Chase laughs also, the two hug each other and slap themselves on the back, their bodies shaking with hysteria and merry mirth, then the old Chase high-fives his younger self, and taking the joint from the Captain he inhales it deeply.  
The Captain looks in shock and disbelief, choking on his words as the older Chase gets up, “Good to see you Again, he he!” he says to the younger Chase, while huffing the joint, “Oh, don’t forget to flush in twenty minutes!  It may save your life!” he says, “How do you know?” asks the younger Chase curious like, “that has not happened yet on your time zone has it?”  “Well, hasn’t it, if so there is no reason for me to tell you, since I already have,” and the older Chase leaves, shuffling up the rickety stairwell.  The younger Chase sits down at the table next to the Captain.
“How...  how’d you?  I had you!  So, you just got some of my secondary traits.  I wasn’t using my good ones yet.”  But Captain Bean says it with a slight hesitation, a grudging respect, a tinge of fear. 
The parrot snickers as Chase rolls a jellyfish sandwich and Capt. Beans rolls two straight unicorns.  "Well, you almost got me this round." He says matter of frankly,  "But I am a head by one, I fear I must take back my magnetic feet, and give you hmmmm..   you now have absentmindedness," he chuckles into his hand.
"What?" says Chase, "I wasn't paying attention."
The parrot snickers some more.
Chase loses fingernail hardening, the Captain replaces it with body odor like a slab of old cheese, and a snotty bugger nose that itches.
"HAH HA!  Roll the bones.. you will be a fast food zombie!"
Chase and the Captain roll.  Their eye dies spin round and round on the table before they both land, Chase’s done rolling, lands on a wolf that glows blue.  Capt. Beans die bouncing in the air hovers spinning before shooting down onto the table, so fierce the table shakes, his lands on a wolf glowing red.  
"Ah.. spirit of the wolf, brotherhood of the hell hounds trait, very powerful mojo!  But, don’t you know, Moon has one too!  You have to come up with something better then that to beat me!  Well there lad you gave it your all, I will just take your third eye die, I win, ye see lad, the wolf spirit is one of the six sides, the pillars sort to speak, and I used mind control on you, it works every time unless ye knock thrice on your head.”
Chase, with a wink, knocks three times on his head.  "Thank you," he said, “I win”.
"What?  WHAT!?  What is that?  What is up with that?  How'd he… what kind of TRAIT is THAT?  Who ever heard of honesty being a trait?"  Capt. Beans says as he picks his nose absently.
Chase lights another joint and blows the smoke across the table.  The table changes into a temple of Gord and a dense forest surrounding it Capt. Beans shivers.
One.
Two.
Three.
They both shaking, their die, roll.  Chase rolls two hands with nine fingers out, Captain Beans rolls a jagged glass blade over a heart insignia,  a skewered knife, "Here you go you use my own master pick pocket trait on me to steal my soldiers gold!” he says with disgust, grabbing hold of his forehead in despair.  “Now they have no recreation, you stole their motivation!”  With a wheeze he hangs his head down, but his frown quickly turns into a smile, as Chase reaches over to grab the die, the Captain says, “Oh but wait, I will use the knife to slice off one finger, turning your roll into a bloody seven, sorry you will get all the heart disease traits I have to offer!  He, he!”   
A red indention forms in the table top, an ugly festering scar in a form of a seven.  “and seven fingers is one of my second armies royal coat insignia, I build two armadas of war vessels and two armies to invade your one temple, I am putting everything on the seven finger attack, to attack you, all or nothing,”  he pushes his die into the middle, “He he he!  It is impossible for you to win now.  You need more than two creatures to defend your temple and you only have one!   Know what happens when I strip all of your traits clean from your third eye die?  You become a fast food lobotomy!  Go Fish!”
Chase rolls his third eye die in the jungle.  It lands on blue, red and gold and its holes join to form eyes.  Circling around the eyes appears the head, then body of a dragon.
“Yes, oh yes, your creature is one of the most powerful I have ever seen, it will make me invincible!  It is the Holy Dragon Spirit, but too bad you only have one, you cannot block both of my attacks I am afraid,”  the Captain makes a sourpuss face then laughs.
The dragon continues to form on the table arena of a forest, but deep inside its belly something is glowing.  A powerfully bright light, comes out its mouth and Chase smiles, “My dragon, nine months ago had some unprotected sex with a dinosaur.  In the height of passion, while climaxing, her eggs were fertilized.  Now she is pregnant,” the Captain is frowning as Chase continues, “You know, the birds and the bees?  Let me explain, when a man really likes a woman and a woman really likes a man sometimes something magical...’ 
“What?  Shut up!”
“My dragon just gave birth to a litter of three pups.  They are all using their holy trinity trait and they completely block your second army attack,” the ugly red scar in the form of a seven, begins to fill with light, “Your seven finger army is going to my Heavenly light, I own it now.”
"Wait, I have, saved this as a total last resort.  I have nothing else left.  I'll use my most powerful traits," Captain Beans speaks to himself, and kissing the gleaming red die in his hand, he shoots it up, it strikes the ceiling, spinning in midair turning fast and faster then, it crashes down, crashing, smashing and breaking the stone table in half, it lands on a 'X'..
Capt. Beans chants and with fingers at his temple, he concentrates and the die vibrates against the table, it shakes and then explodes in a gigantic ball of energy, a green misty mold.  It shoots out at Chase.   As it surrounded him, he feels his body, draining, his heartbeat feels miles away.
“Hah Ha!” laughs Captain Beans, “Now what ya gonna do…  do... do... do... do...”
 Chase’s die cracks, it splits in half, Chase can feel his body withering, his die absorbs the green mist, he sucks in the energy dead.  It fills his corroded lungs and then shoots out of his mouth, vomiting decay, he sprays it at Capt Beans.  The Captain’s colorful parrot turns gray and craps on the Captain’s shoulders then Captain Beans shines in delight, he shines very bright and warm and… happy? 
“You blocked the zombie purifier!  But I still win!  I win!  Your die!  But its cracked!  Worthless..  you’re a zombie!  I won!  What?   I won….?”  Cheers Captain Beans, “What did I win?  I won the gift of giving Happiness?  What trait is that?  What the hell?  You are bombarding me!"  He shrieks, "the 'find good in all' trait?  What the hell!"
Encased in flowing arcs he is electrified.  Capt. Beans, changes.   His body is transforming as Chase’s pickle jar sucks in the Captain’s traits, moaning in deflation of power, incredible power his armor and body are stripped, till Capt. Beans sits, drained and naked, is back in his original form, a scaly wag pirate, a buccaneer.
"What the HELL is that?  My zombie purifier?   Only.. used in a way I never knew possible, my God!  .. used to…!  That was an act of… " he coughs puzzled, he strokes his beard distraught, then he beams in a toothless smile, "Why my boy that was an act of love… " he gets up and walks a few paces away, he smiles, a large gummy grin, “I must study this emotion further, never have I been beaten by love!"
“Yes, well I own Moon’s die now, it is the only thing sustaining me.  You now have all good traits.  I need a favor.  Can you give me my cracked die back?  I’m going to strip it clean.  If you are nice I can share some with you.”
There is a cry above deck and Chase looking out the porthole sees the ship rising into the air and flying.
The Captain shakes his head then stops and takes a deep sigh, he edges back in his chair, “I am a changed man.  I believe.  You are the chosen one.  I believe in you Chase.  Now, I know what you want.  You want to know about Moon?  I have information!  I can show you a memory!  You know you must go to the land of Sain, I have a way in, four tickets on the pantyhose fetish trait representatives from the foreign land.  It's your way in!  The only way!  The borders are patrolled so tightly by the 9 shades!  Take it, just give me a couple traits!  Also, I have two bags of your Father’s who hash!”
“What?”
“Well, he was quite the chef!” 
“What, really?  My Father’s who hash!”
“I have a little, but you know Professor Pickle Pots?”
Chase nods.
“Moon stuffed his body full!  Must be eight kilos of it!  But he sells it a little too rich for my blood.”
Captain Beans knocks on a wooden panel in the floor and the slab opens up showing a small recess.  “Here,” he picks it up, then tosses it at Chase, along with Moon’s third eye die, “Your father is guarding your unborn daughters traits, we found this... “  Captain Beans removes a book, “This is the map!”
The book is called Horton Hears a Who by Dr. Seuss.

CHAPTER 23

The rope bridge sways, threads stretch in tangles of webbing connecting the planks to the center of the brain where the Land of Sain’s thoughts are conjured into reality.  Electrical impulses course with brain wave energy activity caught in memory capsules and sent forth with giant guns to fire mosaic feelings across the ford.
Spanning the synapses of the brain, thoughts stuck in customs, seek to find an exit as cylinders and pills fall over the edge into the Earth’s Underworld blood stream.  The brainstem ‘s beefy club of a thick ham sandwich, on the meatier side, the lower realm of thoughts submerge beneath mountain chain recesses where at the great depths the small party seek to harbor a way across the brain synapse gaps. In silence with only the wind and the humming of their scooters throbbing metal, they stare across the vacant hair salon parking lot.  Socrates parks his scooter in the handicap parking space, the rest abandon their scooters on the side of the street, and they disembark removing packages from the handmade trailers.  Chase cuts restraints with his worm cleaver obtained from the Wormpeople and unties the very securely packed pickle jar from the back.
The bridge spans the dark sea below.  Moans surface from cruddy leftovers of the bottom drill rigs, the Crab-men lay slaughtered, they, claws still buried deep in the flesh of the brain’s tidal corral mud flats, they, in death spasms, their last ounce of breath leaves them, their bodies sanitized and disinfected, as the 9shades, on a chariot being pulled by dark creatures chained with shadow links to each other,  travels from Crab-body to Crab-body shoving his blade down piercing their shells into their dying hearts, he kills the last stragglers of the herd,  and purges the brain of the Crab-people threat, making way for an emergence of new thoughts.  The Crab-men litter the mud with their bodies among the dazed snail people thrown out their shells.  The game show audience of Snail-men are subjected to horrors unfit for any man to gaze upon, they lie dazed and dead, with their large meaty foot, exposed with their pink wrinkled bodies naked at the mercy of the tide.
“The zombies own the night,” Einstein says with a note of concern.  The wind shifting blows across the bottomless gap the rickety rope bridge connects “This bridge takes us into Sain’s Dimensional vortex of the Brain!  It isn’t on any of the maps, but…”  Einstein looking at the Bible and the map made from the moles on Chase’s back, takes a few more notes, checks his portable telescope.
“Just across this bridge is Sain Town, over the other side not too far, a few days ride, is the Land of Sain’s Fire QueenBurger, where we must throw the brain into the Fire of Sain.  We are almost there, our quest almost complete.  Chase, is our brain still good in the pickle jar you have been tasked with guarding?”
Chase opens up the lid and looks in the pickle jar.  “I still just see a pickle.”
“What? Yes!  Good!  Now the hardest part is behind us.  But don’t celebrate too soon!  This bridge is a brain synapse.  We are the thought, the memory.  As Agents of the Mind we know this, and also what is at stake here.  Thanks to Chase getting us a way in, this particular synapse deals with our choice of ladies pantyhose.  It is our cover we seek to sneak inside the enemy’s camp.  Under the hold of the pantyhose fetish trait we can operate in Sain’s town, it will become our marketing platform, our identity.  We will have to switch our eye dies with these custom cloned ones holding prevalent the pantyhose fetish trait.”
Socrates eyes water narrowing, “Sometimes I prefer the economy sized construction pantyhose, you know the industrial type, rugged you know.”
“I don’t like pantyhose, they are too itchy on my legs,” says Dr. Freud.
“It’s not for you to wear dumbass, it’s what gets your goat.”
“You mean like what my mother used to wear?” asks Dr. Freud, his face in deep contemplation.
“Just keep it simple, let’s go with black fishnet, or maybe with a little red….”
“There is a guardian on the bridge we must pass.  Who wants to go first?”
A voice calls out from the fog, “I got so much money” it says.
“How much money do you got?” asks Einstein, curious.
“I have so much money, money is sand on the beach and I am a fiddler crab digging in it!  Hah!”
Socrates nods his head wisely, Einstein takes in a deep breath.
“I got so much money,” says Socrates.
“How much money do you got?” asks the voice.
“I got so much money,” says Socrates, “Its sick!  Help call me a doctor!  I need healing! He he he he he!”
“Oh yeah?  Well I got so much money,” says the voice.
A little more wearily Einstein says, “How much money do you got?”
“I got so much money, its criminal!  Hey, help!  I have to go to college and study law!  Quick!  So I can become a lawyer!  Hah!”
The four of them look at each other, “Uh... I got so much money,”  says Dr. Freud,
“Oh yeah?   How much money do you got?”  asks the voice with mocking laughter.
“I got so much money, I invest stock in time and I get paid with 100% interest every time times a million!  Boo-by!”
Silence.
“What the hell does that mean?” whispers Einstein.  
“Your form is a little too complicated and too crude and coarse,” says the voice in a victory laugh, the voice yells out, “Why I got so much money I can make it rain clowns up in outer space!”
“Like on Uranus?”
“No.” says the voice.
“Where exactly, huh?”
“To the left of the moon and up a little,” it says.
“That’s some funny clown money!”
“This is a real sad conversation,” says Socrates.
“Yeah it’s a real tongue depressor!” screams the voice.
They send a chicken across the bridge into the fog.  There is a squawk, and two chicken patties come flying back, processed.
“So we have a weird chicken patty pantyhose fetish, we’ll work with it.”
 “Do you think it wise heading into the enemy’s camp like this?” Einstein says a little shakily.
“Just think, to own the mind’s monk key, to be able to unlock reality, control it on all of this world, the inhabitants, the precious “thoughts” you call them.   We can live here in paradise forever.  That’s not so terribly bad is it?”
“Don’t sell out now!  Don’t let the power go to your head!   Remember, your brain, God you might call Him, is suffering, hell in a jar!  We cannot sit back in luxury while our Creator screams in pain.  We must destroy the jar.  We must see this through.”
“My mama told me,” says Einstein.
“What did your mama say?” asks Socrates.
“My mama told me when it doubt trust in sheep, and don’t sheer the Sheppard.”
“Which tit did your mama most prevalently nurse you from?” asks Dr. Freud stroking his beard and giving Einstein the knowing eye.
“What difference does that make?”
“Anyway,” continues Einstein, “I have a plan to get across, Chase, do you think a chick wearing a sheep costume and long fishnet stockings would be hot?  Would get your goat?
“Well... yeah, I guess..”
“How about if we smear burritos on her, smear them over her body, covering her belly and her thighs full of warm refried beans?”
“Oh yeah, I must admit that is a little unusual and extreme, hot maybe?” says Chase.
“Sheep?  Hah!  You sick sick pup!” exclaims Dr. Freud, “As any man of science, I have a deep respect, surround myself, with the basic proliferation of the common earth worm, whom without we would not be here!  Do you understand?  So I prefer dressing up like an earthworm, one of the most basic yet necessary creatures, like a hotdog bun loaded with condiments, and stuffed sausages full of processed baloney.”
“Well now we know how screwed up Chase and Freud are, his brain’s defenses must let us pass if we tease it a little by giving into its primal demands of what it wants.”
“Now we just need some burritos, sheep costumes, and stockings” says Socrates. 
“I have the pantyhose,” says Dr. Freud.  
They pass through a veil of fog, electric demons haunt their minds.
Through the hazy veil of sight, “Injection time!” yells the nurse.


CHAPTER 24

There is a bright light of an opening in a dense fog of thoughts cascading over a river from high above, falling on him like raindrops, but he cannot see the source.  He sees dark sinister towers looming above the mountain side further below.  He hears a tiny voice.
“Chase!  It’s me again!  You know, Sweet Baby Lips Cricket!  Son of the late Sugar Lips cricket!  Do you remember?  I am still here, don’t you know!  Still monitoring Dr. Wormpeeler’s thoughts!  I am on life support sustaining myself with only his brain to eat and gain nourishment from!  I hope you appreciate how disgusting his brain tastes!  It’s awful!  Yet I must eat it, to live and spy on the doctor to report back to you.  I am still plugged into his mind!  The universe is at stake!  Your baby!  You need to see this!”
Dr. Wormpeeler struggles to contain his laughter, his face frowning with the corners twitching like plump maggots in bleach, fighting to survive, he fights for a smile, he is, after all, at a funeral.  It is, he reminds himself giggly, one of his very own brothers, a follower of the Dark QueenBurger.   It is a shame, the dead Dark Knight was a strong, ally, shame, shame.  Now who would fill the Knight’s big boots, he thinks tragically, grinning, his laughter bordering on hysteria.  Doctor Wormpeeler rubs his hands together. 
“Just plain awful,” he says to the Dark Bishop, a hooded black shroud concealing his face, “You know, you hear stories but you never think it can happen to you.” He says mouth twitching, his most wisest voice.
“I can only wonder what lies in this wake!  Hah!  Get it?  Wake?  We are at…  No but really, funeral’s are no fun-erals!  Gah! Get it?   I am just a riot over here!”
“Our Queen isssss ready and hungry now,” says the Bishop as he glides away, silent once more, his dark gray robe drifting across the tiled floor and merging with shadow.  Dr. Wormpeeler frowns and rolls his eyes.
He cautiously walks up the rock hewn blood tone and steep and creepy rise, stepping over chains and bones he makes his way up the black staircase. No windows, no lights, as he walks closer and closer in the darkness it becomes more penetrating, the darkness weighs heavier with each step, as if it’s weight suffocates him, but he gradually becomes unaware.  
He feels more than one touch in his mind, try as he might to hide the stench of his own deceit, his hunger for power, it becomes plain and visible as the probe isolates his laughter, breaking his fake front of concern.  He’s just here for the free food buffet.
In the Throne Room of Gloom, in the Tower of Power, Doctor Wormpeeler kneels before his Dark QueenBurger.  
“My Queen” he says, his face stern, “I think I know who is responsible for Darkness this morning, or should I say mourning?  Hah!  Get it?” he holds in his laughter forcing control.  He says in a rough voice with a smooth eel at the end of it, quivering.  “I never felt so much hatred against any other being.   Allow me to hunt them, allow me to serve!”
“I can feel your hate… hate… hate….. I have never before felt such loathing, such ugly anger exploding!  Yeeessssssss….. the need for blood is strong in you.”
“Yes!  Let me hunt and kill all who stand in my… uh… I mean, your way!”
“I can feel your desire for blood and can feel the hATE the beautiful loathing hatred!  A hoarder I ate the hate and will milk well in your trousers.  I grant this, let it be sO!  Welcome Dark Knight!”
“I will not fail you Master!” Wormpeeler pummels his chest, “I only hope I have enough power in me to destroy all of your enemies and resurrect back our Lord Sain!”
“Yeessssss…. Power hungry are you?  Here, shut your eyes,” Wormpeeler obeys a little hesitantly.  “Come closer.”
Wormpeeler feels a cold as death touch on his temple and suddenly his mind flares in a burning symbol that all the light in his mind flees from, screaming on the borders of insanity, of rushing darkness on the edge of night, so strong is the image Wormpeeler screams and recoils back as if struck down.  “Picture this Symbol of Sever, yes….  this image, study, to charm and harm those who gaze in your eyes.”
Pawn Wormpeeler licks his lips.
“Now what will you give me?”  asks his Queen, the worshiper of the Creator of Ham, their Lord Sain.  Her face mouths around a bone she is sucking the marrow out of.  Her large pores secrete thick, fat sausages, her breasts wiggling, beneath her skin balls of larva squirming under her flesh.
“Hmmmmm…?” she hums tastefully, “What gift do you offer?  What sacrifice will you make?”
“I know where Moon, a creators child, is imprisoned!  She is working at a QueenBurger in a Holy district!  She only works for tips too, good luck from that penniless crowd, He he he!  She is eating a lot of humble pie!  He he!  The only way to save her is with a password phrase I have locked in my mainframe!  I am slowly turning her into a breeder for you, filling her heart with worms I smuggle inside her veggie burger monster broccoli carved in shape of canoe combo #73!  She will give birth to the chosen child Evening Light, her fresh body perfect for our Master Sain!”
“Yes, now your fucking the clones, your preaching to the choir, Who do you think is arranging all of this?  My dumb larva!  We already know this!  It is my plan unfolding, you will have to do better than that!”
“Ahhh..” said Wormpeeler off guard, “Oh, I know!  You can have my soul!” and he beams proudly at himself, “Yes, my soul.”
“Ha HA hah!  You bargain with things you do not own,” her tongue flicks around a thigh bone, ‘SNAP’ her tongue breaks the bone, and her lips wrap around it, sucking out the marrow, before swallowing it down.  “I already have your soul, I want….”
She lets her six legged panties fall around her dark and rotten moldy yam-like genitals.  A ball of fly larva, maggots, burst out of her breast, convulsing in spasms, they explode with a pop all over Dr. Wormpeeler’s face as her lower row of breasts grows bigger then Dr. Wormpeeler’s head and he hears the munching of the maggots as she rips off her three row bra exposing her bare nipples to the night.  Dr. Wormpeeler coughs horrified backing up as her squirming thick spaghetti skin wormhole pores attach to him, he feels thousands of miniscule mouths biting into him.  
“I want to screw your head off,  NOW!  Ha HA ha HA!”   She wraps around the doctor’s body as he scream, scream, screams.  

CHAPTER 25

“Our cover will hold, at least past these next three synapse bridges, however we will have to be fast.”
“Once there we must throw the brain into the fire of Sain!”
“Wait!  I just shared a vision with our spy Sweet baby Lips cricket!  I must save Moon and our child!  I must!  Dr. Wormpeeler has her imprisoned!  I must find her!  He said he has a password phrase to unlock her mind!  He is feeding her heart worms!  He wants to possess our baby!  He must be stopped!” says Chase.
“Wait!” says Dr. Freud, “I know how to hack into Dr. Wormpeeler’s mainframe and retrieve his password!  I can bypass all security, unlock the quadrant on the borders of Sain Town, into another dimension!”
“Quick tell us!”
“I cannot tell you because of patient rights confidentiality however I know where he waits, where he most likely has Moon, in the Garden of Eden Plumb Tree QueenBurger!  I know exactly where it is from my past travels so long ago, for I can never forget,” says Dr. Freud.
“Why is that?”
“Because I planted it, the Tree of Knowledge, years ago!”
“Let me lead you there!”
“Where?”
“It’s rooted in the Garden of Eden, but the only doorway to get there is inside the Heart of Jesus!”
“Moon is still alive and untainted!  Chase!  You must stop Wormpeeler!  You must!”
Dr. Freud scratches his beard and steps forward off the rickety bridge, “I feel... strange.  Something... wrong...”  He pulls a prune out of his pocket and looks at it for a good steady two minutes.  On the side of the road he sees a peeled banana.
“No!  Bananas!  Bananas?  Not again!  No freakin way!  We’re all Bananas!”
Suddenly Dr. Freud rises up, clutching his hand up in the air dramatically then pulls his hand to his mouth feeding himself imaginary fruit, “I need a... quick, a QueenBurger booty # 313!  Now!” and he runs away, down the hill and into the valley.  They watch his scurrying form vanish behind a hillside.
There is a shriek in the air and an ink blot of gray and black, a liquid form in a seamless wet cape rises up from the chasm, it screams and hovers overhead then flies away, in the direction of Dr. Freud.
“It’s one of the Shades of gray!  The brain’s defense security system meant to protect the brain’s thoughts, only now it works for Sain, who has bent it against what it was meant to protect.  Dr. Freud’s in great danger!  We must save him!”
They give chase, running over the cobblestone road into a QueenBurger on the outskirts of the village of Sain.
Chase opens up the door to QueenBurger, holding it open for a woman made out of ground beef to enter, she nods her meatloaf and grins with sausage lips, and she kisses Chase on the mouth.  He tastes A1 steak sauce as she wags her exposed beefy ass.
Inside, Chase arrives just in time to see Dr. Freud, lifted off his feet, dangling in the air by a large dark tentacle wrapped around his body.  The tentacle comes from out a dark threshold of shadow, a portal to another world, the shadows in the corner, it squeezes Dr. Freud, suffocating him.  “Ack! ...  you asswipe...!” Dr. Freud manages to say.
“Give me your eye-die,” shrieks the creature in the shadows.
Dr. Freud begins choking, his eyes glow a fierce green, they grow big and a dark film covers them, “I no longer have it..” he laughs, choking, his hands open, grasp at the air, he drops his QueenBurger to-go bag at his feet as he is lifted higher off the ground, a sudden gasp and his eyes roll back into his skull as he moans, lobotomized.
Socrates bursts through the door, he grabs a sinister looking plastic dinner knife from the napkin and ketchup dispenser. Catapulting into the QueenBurger joint’s shadowy corners he slashes at the tentacle, it falls spraying dark matter but not before two more dark shade tentacles grab Dr. Freud, by his throat as he is hurled into the dark portal in the corner of the lobby.  It closes behind him along with the shades of gray.
Einstein enters through the door next, two manual wood saws are in his hands as he plummets into the counter, sawing it, and wields them wildly at the scattered customers and QueenBurger employees.  “Freeze assholes!”  he yells.
“They left,” says Socrates, “We were too late to save him.”
“He is our guide!  He had something very valuable!”
“What?”
“Remember Chase?  Dr. Freud is a brain surgeon!  Our brains, stashed in remote locations, one that only Dr. Freud knows because of our sessions together, but the Doctor cannot tell anyone because of the patient rights confidentiality oath he took when he became a shrink.  He was taking us to where he hid them so many years ago!   Our brains, our brains, they are hidden, 9lobes will do anything to get them, and their location is locked away in Dr. Freud’s memories!  My brain is disguised as an normal object, one, since my brain could not become an object it is unfamiliar with, it is an object I love.  One that I must have held sacred.  You must find it and place it in the pickle jar to be tossed into the fires of Sain. You must destroy it!  You must!   They did... experiments...  they violated... they.. don’t judge...  I am so sorry Chase, I am so very sorry...!”
“His third eye-die was missing, he must of...  he must of..”  Socrates chokes up on the words in grief and tears at the fate of his good friend, “He gave himself a lobotomy before the creature took hold, here, he knew.... he gave himself a QueenBurger Booty Combo # 313,” he says pointing up to the menu selection above the counter, which among other combos reads “Combo #313 - Self-made Lobotomy.”
Chase, eyes focusing and unfocusing shivers as if ice water was suddenly poured over him.  “But what about Moon?  I must save Moon!”
“I fear her heart is infected!  Stuck in dreamworld, in the power of 9 lobes and Dr. Wormpeeler!  Of Sain!  Only the power of the one brain can change her!  It is said only the Monk’s Key can unlock her!  And only Dr. Freud knows how to get the password from Dr. Wormpeeler’s mainframe!  You must find his eye die!”
Einstein and Socrates hug themselves sobbing as Chase walks over and picks up the to-go bag Dr. Freud dropped on the ground.  Inside is the fresh wrapper of a burger eaten and an empty fry box and also, beneath the mustard stained napkins on the bottom is an unopened fortune cookie.
“Look at this!” says Chase excitedly, “Think it means something?”
“Why yes!  Open it!” exclaims Einstein.
Chase breaks it open and reads the fortune, “You may think insane, but fry my brain, into golden nuggets of thought, to feed the cannibal, to end the drought.”
“Of course!”  yells Socrates jumping over the counter into the burger kitchen.  He lifts up the fry basket and dumps a square chicken nugget cube, gleaming white and purple, into the paper carton handing it to Chase. He pushes the bell.  “That will be $16.74,” he says.
“You want to save your girlfriend Moon?  We must relive Dr. Freud’s memories in order to save her!  This nugget is his third eye-die cube!” yells Einstein with glee.
“You must sleep with Dr. Freud’s fried third eye brain die nugget in your mouth!  You will be able to journey through his memories in your dreams.  Somewhere in there is the answer to where Moon and  our brains are located, and the key to unlocking them!  We are so close!  We just need to find where the good doc hid our brains and rescue Moon!   Travel back into his memories.  Dream with the crispy brain nugget third eye die in your mouth!  But beware!  You will see everything but be unable to act, a fly on the wall, you will take a strange guided trip through Dr. Freud’s memories!”
Socrates hands the chicken piece to Chase.  “Do you have any Buffalo Ranch sauce to go with it?”  asks Chase.  
Socrates walks to a table and shoves the salt and pepper and napkin dispensers and half eaten burgers and fries off the counter and onto the floor.  He pushes Chase into the seat.
As Chase puts the eye die in his mouth, he tastes almonds.  Gradually his senses close up and he encounters an angel flying through the night, above is a tunnel of light, he climbs upon a housefly and as it raises up and enters the tunnel he is rocketed into a dark hole with a tiny beam of light that grows bright and brighter as he nears it.  He slowly drifts back, to more of a time then a place, that is at a constant change, he sails through the underworld to a destination of a fellow agent of the mind, the insane reality, his dreams become more than a cupful of thought in Dr. Freud’s sea, suddenly the entire ocean of Dr. Freud’s mind opens and crashes the floodgates rushing, drowning, Chase’s brain guardians.  The third eye die grows legs and begins walking up Chase’s throat into his brain as he becomes his memories, and slowly becomes an on-looking observer of Dr. Freud’s past, unable to change anything, but reliving it as it unravels... until he feels a different body weight solidify around his spirit and he becomes entrapped in the cage of flesh from a new host.  He travels back to a moment that is more of a state of mind then a memory, he becomes lost in thought as he in all ways, becomes.... Dr.  Freud. 
“Oh yeah, now I remember,” he thinks, “the lunatics...”

The End (of Book Two)

Seducing Medusa Book Three


CHAPTER 26

Dr. Freud is having a vulgarly absurd day; like a pickled stool, only more comfortable, is how this day feels, yet, that is completely normal.  Wait…  He taps his finger on the food counter for a moment, hmmmm….  he runs his thought-reel through to end; chasing wisdom his mind warns, “DANGER! Normal is not Normal!”
He really must be having a most frightening abnormal day!  Maybe he can clock out early, days like these are nothing but trouble.  He will vomit, and feign diarrhea, it will not be a long stretch, these therapy sessions leave him painfully sick to his stomach, maybe he can pull off a kidney failure, that at least is still covered by his sick leave, and get the hell out of here.  Buzz!
Oh Einstein!  The operator is paging him.  
He wonders, as he often does, if the direct line to hell is connected to his buzzer, the hell that can’t be any more damning and sinful, a mix of emotions intolerable and intoxicating, than the confessions of the madmen who walk through these doors…. And saturate his pores… what? Lately he found himself rhyming, a game of words, and camel turds… ok STOP!  
These lunatics are rubbing off on him.  Scarier, he is actually inferior to most of these freaks, being a third mold replica clone of the original Freud head shrink, using a common frog filler in his DNA which makes him closely common and less unique.  As a clone of the original Dr. Freud who’s DNA they dug up, maybe one day he will obtain his dream, to be given a part of the lobe or whole brain of the original Dr. Freud, for whoever’s clone has part of the original brain, that clone is given all the status and benefits of an original.  
At his most vulnerable point, feeling like running out the door of his office and never coming back, just throw it all out, the intercom buzzes and brings him back in the moment.
Over the office speaker the Operator’s voice announces the orderlies are wheeling in his next patient, Socrates.
Doctor Freud, acknowledges with a thin lipped smile and makes sure his tie is straight.  Presentation, just like in the Food Biz, is everything.
Martha Washington wheels in Socrates, a first generation clone, with an ancient brain lobe of the original Socrates, who is entitled to all of the benefits of an original.
Smiling, in his sleek blue rain parka, Socrates gives the Doctor the boy scout salute before settling back, his head peering out of the deep sinking cushions of his personal mold-to-your-body chair, and Dr. Freud notes with not a little envy, it is one of the luxury beverage/stim player with plumbing, the latest state-of-the-art, padded chairs.
Socrates announces to the ceiling, out of nowhere he discharges, “I feel reassured that we have teeth, but scared that we are made out of meat.  You know Doc?”
Doctor Freud sighs inertly, Yes… a completely normal day.
His stomach grumbles and he thinks, The World is my mouth, saying, “I want to suck, to be fed, to gratify my primal satisfaction of eating my outer body’s salted caramel elements, a naked experience, an all you can eat buffet of excretions of fire, earth, and water.”
Being head shrink, having spent his life in training, he has great respect for the limitations of the mind and nature, so primitive, things like food, his mama always said, keep him human.  He has earned the title on the red double doors with the detailed  and beautifully crafted  gold half-dragon half-duck inlaid over it on blue, not the Open sign in neon red letters, the small yet sensible, conservative plaque which reads, “Doc is IN for Sanity”.  The gold merging of a creature resembling a dragon and duck is just icing on the cake, he tells his patients it is his family crest, but in all actuality, his office on the sub 87 floor, at one time was a Chinese/French Restaurant.
“How is that?”  Asks Dr. Freud, “How does being made out of meat make you feel”
“Vulnerable….   Yet also, strangely, very hungry…”
Almost reluctantly, Dr. Freud feels himself nod then says, “This is nearing the second year you have decided not to see.”  
Socrates taps his head and makes the sign language sign for “Taste Good-- Freud –Taste Good”, the Doctor only knows this from painstaking hours searching through the old sign book logs and deciphering them. 
“Do you feel like opening your eyes today?” asks the Doctor.
The color drains from Socrates’ face and pale as a bucket he shakes his head vigorously no, “I can’t!  I can’t cause I’mmm… ...afraid I will see something... unspeakable!” He finishes.
	“Are you afraid of the dark?”
Socrates' clean shaven face brightens up, eyes clenching close above his sun chapped nose.  “You got it Doc!” he says.
“You are on the path of truth.  Let’s talk again about your family.  All I know is…
“..my family?  You do not mean the two title world record holders for…” he grimaces, “for HOLDing breath the longest while cooking underwater in the Underwater Philly Philosophers fruit and egg stand?  That Family?” Completes Socrates, his words slur, his forehead, brow deepening, his Tic twitches.
Only, thinks Freud, he does not have a Tic, a sure sign of a left breast nurser.
“Can you imagine the pressure laid on me?  The practice I was forced to endure?  ‘Swim to the bottom Socrates, while your hardboiled egg cooks!  30 more seconds!’  My life evolved around my eco-parents wishes for me to be the next world record holder.   It’s all my family would do… all they were.   Damn shitty way to live Doctor!  Not breathing!”
“Yes, I can see how hard it must have been to live with… the whole no breathing thing that is.  Tell me now,” Dr. Freud makes a big smile, “about those eggs, were they fertilized?  And if so, by whom?  My mama always said, “Whoever comes in the chicken first has the best chance of fertilizing it!  You know, which came first?  The chicken or the egg?” says the Doctor knowing there’s a joke in there somewhere and feeling guilty for even thinking of exploiting it.  
“What?”
“But,” continues Doc Freud, “Now is now.  Do you see the point I am trying to make?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“Because my eyes are closed,” says Socrates. 
“Exactly,” says the Doctor, “and do you also like to wear condoms on your toes you odd sexually perverted lunatic, a bit of a foot fetish, hmmm?”
Socrates laughs “I know all about you, the lengths of your perversions, and I still like you, you strange strange man!  I always say your flaws make you perfect, you crack pot, there is no truth between two, but my mind’s eye is watching, that is why all truth is planted in my backyard happy hunting ground.”
“Ok Socrates, tell me the truth, what color tie I am wearing, huh?” says Freud then “You can’t handle the truth!  I want you to do a little exercise for me now, Socrates, I want you to discuss, while vomiting and applying make-up to this manikin who I call Mandy, she is not wearing a bra today, by the way, I made sure of that when I went shopping for her wardrobe and dressed her earlier today.  I want you to discuss and talk about your deeply perverted sexual fantasies.”
Socrates, sighs then says, “Doc, you know, our relationship needs some sort of meeting ground, some common thread.  Our outward appearances are bound inside different lines, but our lives know no boundaries.”
“This could mean life or death!  1 – 2 – 3, Now!”
Socrates sighs then, red faced, gags and a little spittle comes out.  “I can’t, besides that’s gross Doc, what does it prove?”
“Does love need proof, is it a learned behavior, a comfortable back board, does getting paddled by a whore have to answer to any equation, I worry about you sometimes,” says Doctor Freud.  “Is this getting through to you?”
“Huh”  Soc smiles, “Only if a monkey is a hairy animal to me and a tree to you.”
“Oh, look!  We are out of time!  Well keep practicing!”  
“No, we are not.”
“Yes, we are..”
“No, I still have time.”
“Prove it.” says Dr. Freud.
Socrates frowns “I had a two o’clock appointment and I have only been here for nine minutes."
Doctor Freud smiles and filtering through the pile of prescriptions he has signed, he pushes the three mile high intercom button to the people upstairs.  
“About Meat, Socrates, from animals,” says Doctor Freud, “Those animals, I believe are dying for you to eat them.”
Socrates holds a grin, “Maybe we could meet them, live with them, side by side, feel their feelings, fight their fights, challenge them for their mates, maybe sometime later, huh?”
“The whole no looking thing?  What are the benefits?” Asks Doctor Freud, “Are the girls drawn to a no looker like you?”
“Like a crayon,” replies Soc lips cornering up, a tear trailing down in a sad smile. “You know the, forbidden fruit, is a whole senseless bite, your eyes are just a screen for the movie projector to shoot out of, close em sometime and you will see what I mean..”
-chime-
“Well here are your prescriptions,” says Freud, “I will have… ahhh… have Jack and Sue bring out a menu, order some Hong Kong Fried Freud Chili to Go?  Next!”
When dealing with fruit cakes remember there is more than one recipe, more than one deck.

CHAPTER 27

Doctor Freud gets instructions to switch his group’s meeting session from the weightless room, now tentatively scheduled for a Dr. Wormpeeler, who suddenly reappearing after a two year leave of absence, gets to cherry pick the room he wants, to the Egyptian Tomb Queen Burger joint.
Dr. Freud’s frown increases.  Why does he always get the leftovers?  Hasn’t he been building up prestige and equity?  Why has he been bending over backwards this whole time if some stranger can come over and screw him?  He is being screwed!  He feels very pissed.  He was looking forward to the high floating weightless feeling.
Freud mentally recalls the diagnosis of these Space Cadets.  The one common thread they all share is schizophrenia.
Doctor Freud whole heartily believes there should be a law against having this many loose nuts in the same wrench set.
Further agro, the tomb room looks like Hell.  Broken glass, ceramic idols and pottery litter the floor, as the windows, boarded and nailed shut, keep the room dark as Hades in shades of gray.
There is a circle of chairs, set up with smashed sarcophagus’s as coffee tables.  Occupying the corners petrified cats are wrapped in linen strips and pose in various positions bending up and down, in the dusty cob webbed room.
“Kind of sanitized in a creepy way..  why did they all walk around wrapped in toilet paper?” asks Wrestler Lips who goes by the name, Chance’s Love, wearing a mask, a blue and striped red sock over his head, with only his two perky lips showing, wrinkled up when he smiles like two wilted celery stalks glued onto a plump sausage.
“So barbarian, how did we wipe our ass with these cats?” questions Einstein looking at the mummified pets.
Including a giant walnut tree, with carvings deep inside the bark and trunk, which takes up most of the large Egyptian tomb, they sit alone in the room.  These sessions give the doctor a nauseous feeling, he feels sick.  He is to the point where he can no longer stomach these meetings, to where if he hears one more sappy discovery of endless love he will puke.
“Remember when you first felt love?  Let’s talk about Sensitivity,” suggests the Doctor as he scribbles stick figures with big appendages in his notebook, “Who wants to start?”
“How do you feel?  Sensitive?” he asks his patients.
Socrates answers “I feel… well… with my hands.”
Wrestler Lips, Chance’s Love replies “I have sensitive skin.”
Einstein whispers to the tree then speaks with his hands in his pocket, “It’s a setting on my washer,” he says.
There is the sound of a toilet flushing and Socrates yells “someone is scheming craftily beyond our sight!”
Suddenly,  busting out of the boarded up bath room stall door, Bate, his youngest patient breaks through, “I’m late!” she says a little doggedly, then frowns, her eyes darting and dancing around, settling on the Doctor.  She wears a white robe and carries a big stick.
“I lost..” she smiles laughing, “I lost my key!” then she looks at the boarded up restroom and says, “Good one huh?  Ha HA!”
“Don’t get depressed,” offers Socrates head lowering in respect, “that’s the key.”
She nods smiling even wider and says, “Yes… and don’t get sad,” she pouts, “You wouldn’t like me when I get sad.”
"Freak Out!" applauds Chance’s Love.
“That’s really sad,” says Einstein.
“Hush you!  People in China are frowning.” Says Socrates.
Doctor Freud is biting his lips in a clumsy attempt to hide his frown.  He rolls his eyes shaking his head saying, “Ok, lets discuss our roles in our social hierarchy, in our caste system.  Who wishes to …  begin?”
“I’m a danish.”
“You there…  psycho-shrink!”  announces the newcomer looking at the Doctor, eyes challenging, she falls over, hands dropping a hotdog onto the floor, it is wet and stained red with blood.
Her side exposed, bloody black shaft,  a barbed arrow, lodged deep in her skin with black congealed blood scabbing around it, is embedded in her wound.  Sadly she turns, “my life, gone… I am the sacrifice to paradise…  don’t let me die in vain…  the mortal portal is well guarded, here… they are coming, they are coming… I am so sad!  Take the key, quick, take it, it is a 7th generation hotdog combo #3008, it has all of the living DNA of every animal species on the planet don’t… oh..  my..” blood leaks out her mouth,  “My delusions…. My poor illusions of delusions, they are life, right doc?”  She gives the hotdog to the Doctor who takes it obediently, in shock.
The doctor, look of confusion, his mouth hangs gaping open, he shuts it, “You need some medical attention!”  He announces, as she says, “Is there a rational explanation for life… Doc?  Is this an illusion, this world, is it the only reality?” and then she grins, “I am not really here cause if I was,” her body is expanding now, growing lumps ballooning, her skin looks like cottage cheese billowing out of her at an astonishing rate, her white robe falls to the ground and she continues to grow, her body in the nude, shaved, temples on the mountain tops hold blood sacrifices, moan, muscles taunt, a plump cooked ham with many faces, rises to the surface of her skin then screams submerging below, as if trying to escape out of her, “I would challenge your beliefs and your science,”  she is exploding, “Right DOCTOR?”
The doctor is shaking, patients gasping, as she plumps and grows above their heads, body pickling out, mutating, her flesh stretching, “I am not real.” She shuts her eyes then says in a whisper that shakes the walls, “here they come!”
Blood spills out her nose and ears.
“I am really not here…. RIGHT,” her voice a thousand screams echoes, “DOCTOR?”  She, bone and blood, body puncturing out from inside as wings of bone and cartilage expand out her back exoskeleton with horns, she, a demon, screams and holds them at bay with her beefy hands gripping her big staff.
"You’re a demon!"  
"Doctor we must help this Girl!”
"No, she must help herself!" announces Chance’s Love.
The demons eyes rest on the tree, it shrieks madly.
“Ah.. well,  yes, I am a psychologist..  ah..  young lady?   but not a medical doct… Ugggh!”
A breeze blows in the dusty sealed room, a streaking flash of lightning strikes the doctor, air rushes with a thunderous clap to fill in the evaporated hole, the girl's staff glows red as the Doctor falls over, his feet up in the air, and in a look of a panic, his whole face transforms in a mask of pain, he looks like he had plastic surgery in the dark.
Chance’s Love raises his hand, as the Doctor gasps fighting for breath squirming, he clears his throat.  Chance’s Love, touches his chest and says, “I feel your pain.  You sound so sensitive.”
“You don’t have to be alone,” says Einstein, “We all are sensitive to your needs, right Doc?”
There is a moaning of voices all about, no explanation or direction where they come from, as if they are wading in a room crammed full of people, but the room is empty with just them.
 “What’s happening?” asks Socrates, his eyes clenched closed, “I need to use the bathroom.”
“Get her!” screams the doctor, “Help me!”
ZAAP!  A lightning bolt sizzles out of Bate the Demon’s staff, and strikes the Doc who gurgles slumping over on the couch, and remains motionless.
“Give me the key!” she growls, voice everywhere at once, “you grow short on time!”
“Orderlies!”  screams the Doc, “Orderlies get your asses in here now!”
The Demon is smiling now, eyes batting average 180, she effortlessly picks the doctor up by his neck and, squeezing, she grins.  He squirms, as the demon’s grip tightens.
Dr. Freud feels something stir in him, a presence lurking, he, feeling a void emitting, an outlet of energy, juggling his memory, suddenly he sees in his world of braziers in his favorite department store, his happy place, a place of baby fat in the layering of his fake nursing robot’s big baseball sized nipples, he was only given a hose with instant formula!  No mother’s milk!  A follower of Eve, on the tapestry of time and space, with his eyes clenched close, he sees a row of stairs leading up to a pyramid temple, and an altar, their stirring, he sees an image of priests, they are stuffed teddy bears wearing robes with loose stitching and bowed heads, the baby is a small stuffed monkey sitting in the hands of a beast, a small stuffed monkey… his lips plump in a smile, wait… King Tutt!  They chant, King Tutt!   Wait, the babe is mouthing a word, giggling, what is it?
“Braaaaaaaainnnnnsss,” cries the stuffed monkey, Wait!  Suddenly Dr. Freud remembers!  It’s Professor Pickle Pots!  The stuffed monkey he had as a child!  The Professor holds up his finger at the Doctor and shakes it, “No, no, no,” The wind moans!
He, flashing back to the present, feels the power of the void, a beast, Socrates walks the path through death blindly, and up to the thing holding Doctor Freud, he emits a feeling of inner calm, the peace he only read about, the life force all around.
“I share in the same vision too,” says Socrates, as he draws from it and says in the unknown tongue of the ancients, words Dr. Freud never heard before, his voice cages in the source of the hole, he hears a scream, in disbelief and pain, the demon’s cry of death as it eats in on itself.
Doctor Freud’s patient Socrates, laying his hand on the beast, and talking in some weird tongue, exorcizes away the demon, and now, once more, his patient Bate, sits on the floor.  The floor, that is littered with cow patties and bone, the floor that is throbbing in red warmth.   “..trick right?” he says laughing, “How’d you all do… ah, you pranksters!”
The circular multi-colored rug blows off the lime stone floor.  Voices surround again.  “You must…”  “Only hope!” as if fighting for truth in a drowning spell checker, words echo out of order and control.
On the walls, the toothless mouths of stone faces open up and vibrate in a humming moaning.  The tomb never felt so confining and small, the good Doctor has claustrophobia.
Einstein poking around the broken plywood of the boarded up bathroom, “Soc let’s see if the bathroom is occupied,” he says, pushing planks behind a “No Admittance” sign meant to keep them out.  He and Chance, pry it open.
They look inside it and then stutter “Ah…. Doc, Look!”  Dr. Freud frowns at them, he sees a crystal toilet bowl.  It sparkles with gold, inlaid angels carved on it with rings and jewels and gems beautifully sculpted with emerald snakes coiling from a woman’s head, to flush you must reach inside her lips, her mouth open, her thighs tight, and grip her long tongue perched with diamond, the lever to flush with, “and look here,” says Chance, pointing to a large toothed mouth of some horrendous beast, the sink, where a fountain of blue and orange milk flows out from the faucet of its mouth.
The Doctor is transfixed on the golden throne.  “Good Mother of God we are filthy rich!  Forget what madness is going on around here, I’ll take this and..” he begins rapidly unscrewing, and pulling out the golden plumbing pipes in back.  Frantically, as if it were to disappear any moment, the doctor doubles his efforts to remove the golden toilet throne.  He pulls it off the wall, suddenly there is a scream and a shriek.
Out of the faucet, a veil of darkness grows.  Suddenly shadows made of all dark webbed oily cloths and rags, all in shades of gray, separate into nine different shrouds and crawl down the walls, out of the stone sarcophaguses.  The wind whispers in moans, “We.... we.... we... are the nine... nine.. nine shades, we are guardians of the source, the source of all, life and thoughts,” their voices echo screeching in the Doctor’s head, “Stop!” they scream, “You are diverting the yolk, source of all, life and thoughts, from the utopia Garden of Even to the swamps of Sain!  You must stop!  Mother Nature’s uterus!  You are mutating the babies born as fairies and angels of the realm of above and turning them into slugs!  You will turn us against what we are meant to save!  Stop!”  
“What are you all waiting for?  Help me unscrew this!” screams Dr. Freud, “and do you hear that hideous shrieking?” yells the doctor, hands over his ears.
“No Doctor, you must be hearing voices.  Do you know who you are?” 
“Doctor, you must focus, do you know where you are?”
“Voices?  Me?  I am not the crazy fuck around here!  I am not hearing voices!  They are real!”
He pulls on a pipe and it busts open, a light shines out of it, and the 9 shades circle the bathroom stall ceiling as large cracks start forming, the ceiling falling down in chunks, and the 9 shades, shrieking, are pulled down into the broken pipes, screeching, they are sucked down the drain.
Suddenly, a creepy, ice pick cold, voice, pries its way into the cracks of Dr. Freud’s brain.  “Yes, my puppet, you did well....  I am your true Queen, whore of Sain, you have changed the flow of light, distorted the life force, the source, of all, life and thoughts, now the fairy angels are under the domain of Sain!  You shall be rewarded!  You will wield the Fairy trait!”
An image burns itself deep into Dr. Freud’s mind then comes back doubly in a purple haze of a nuclear blast all light flees from.  He is blown away as the image is etched and branded into his mind.  “Your third eye die now holds the Fairy trait!”  She whispers in laughter, gradually growing more and more distant, as Dr. Freud feels hands shaking him awake.
“I am not a fairy!” screams the doctor, “So what if I get aroused watching male cyclists in one piece spandex suits ride bicycles in front of me!”
“Doctor!” interrupts Chance, “You need our help!”
“It doesn’t take a super sleuth to see what is happening!  We have uncovered a prostitution ring!” says Socrates eyes clenched close.
Bate, back again, runs a blood stained hand around the arrow shaft lodged in her side, the sounds of haunting laughter and, metal mashing on metal, loud with charging footsteps of heavy boots on hollow stone and the beating of a drum from behind them pounds, “Boom!  Boom!  Doom!”
She kisses the floor’s face, it smiles lovingly, “Mortal portal to Gord’s Garden can you take us past the gloom?”
The women statues all turn, faces weeping, the middle one smiles slowly, “No, but I can take you to… “ voice is lost in the deafening roar from below.
She whispers to the face carved in the stones, “We must go... ummm...  but how do we get everyone to… oh I know!” she announces out loud, “Congratulations, you won an all-expense paid trip to Europe!”  then, in a smooth quick motion she reaches for her white bleach bone staff, brings its end down hard on the floor where it sizzles.
“Europe?   Goodness Gracious!”
“Yay!”
“Everyone hold hands,” cries Bate, “Links, we need to collect all the love!  Unite!”
“Are you crazzzz..” begins Freud.. She turns and looks at him as the storm and wind whip her robe and hair around, “No time!  Give me the key!  Just do it!”
“I’m getting the golden turd herder and getting the heck out of..”  Freud turns and makes a break for..  KAZAP!  Light strikes, air pushes out, BAMmmmM!  It strikes Doctor Freud’s chest with enough force to carry him out of his shoes as he topples against a stuffed Egyptian dog and is thrown behind the couch.
She unclenches his hands and, finding the blood stained hotdog, says, “You see, it needs blood…”  she inserts, placing, the 7th generation hotdog, inside the mother earth statue’s middle mouth, the hotdog fits the hole perfectly and there is a loud ‘Click’ as the statue begins to swallow the hotdog down, gagging a little.  They step back as the floor tile begins shifting, uncovering a hole with a lake of bright light inside it.
She rasps beneath her husky breath, a mask of pain, with strange tattoo markings around her eyes, already looking inward, already home, already lost, in deep conservation of forces she gathers strength.  
“Make a ring and hold hands, that’s right, nice thoughts!”
Socrates smiles and shrugs as Einstein holds the dazed Doctor's hand, Chance, follows suit.
Einstein notices for the first time the floor tile, "Oh look!" he says excitedly, the Sphinx's face, carved on the immense large tree, is opening its mouth, the gold and purple, bronze and shiny onyx expanding are opening up, "Is this the…"
"Mortal portal!"  whispers in chains, butterflies, dragonflies, and houseflies swarm out its mouth, breathing deep, and it inhales the room of dust, voices calling from the vacant crowd in the blowing breeze.
The great Sphinx with a face of pain, suffering, asks a question only Bate hears, but the answer seems to soothe her somewhat. The floor opens up and the room around them slowly shakes, faster and faster, until their surroundings begin to blur into streaks of light, there is an opening in the fabric of time and space and in a loud rushing “WOOSH!” they are sucked in, as the hole closes shut and they are swallowed into the mouth of the tree sphinx.

CHAPTER 28

The wind arises carrying on its temple’s brow the dusk of dawn, bone dry and brittle.  They are being cooked slowly in a stew.  Hoarse song whispers moan for a drink, a parting of lips over a parched mouth full of salt and sand.  The lava veins stream from all directions, life cries for what once was life and now is ash.  Earth downside, a molten lava sea, a tide of deadly fire, is covered in a burning canopy of thick black ash over red hot magma, sizzling in fire, the earth bleeding out in its own bloody wounds.
They are on a boat.  The dragon vomit lapping round the lips of their vessel, a sailing ship in a boiling lava sea.  Dr. Freud, sweaty, feels like thick warm socks are covering his face.  Lava stretches undisturbed, untouched by the hand of man.  No manmade structures, no sign of life or land.
Still linked, hand in hand, a buzzing, a distortion of blurry eye sight and they, spinning round and round, they come out of their trance.
"Sweet Sausage!" exclaims Einstein, "either my eyes deceive me or we are in Hell!  Fascinating to actually see with my.."
"Are we at the mall yet?” asks Socrates, eyes tightly closed.
"Ummm….  Little Demonic Girl?," asks Chance, his lips sitting out, thick and plump, on a perched ledge, friendly like he wants to hold hands, "Are you still Sad?  That was a roach in a senior’s living facilities mashed potatoes!  What a hoot!"
“Welcome to Europe!”
Bate has no answers for anyone.  She is lying on the ship’s deck, blood gurgling out her throat.  The noxious fumes make it hard to breathe, she yells out, “You see, it requires blood.. a death... enjoy your cruise!  Remember, you can stay aboard forever, this is but one hell…" and her head rolling over, she takes one last breath, and then is dead.
A swoggle eye Long red-bearded man smiles and walks out the cabin.  With a nasty curved blade cutlass, he spits and points, "I be Captain Cheddar!  Now if ye walk z plank now ye be forever free or you can go below deck and enjoy some simply tasty cupcakes. But ye scally wags know this, the longer ye wait, the more ye bodies shall cook in Mother Nature’s womb, you are due to be born the second life soon, Aye, any man worth his weight in meat will walk z plank rather than live a life of torture in the burning sea in the half of all eternity.  Eat a cupcake and the boat will raise and levitate before sinking again, if it gets too low the lava will flow in, this is a trial of the gods, salvation begins!"
Doctor Freud, seemingly waking to his full senses, looks around misty eyed and points accusingly, "Look, Ha  Ha, very funny, look the game is..  Uh… where are we?"
The black burnt lava, a covering of stagnant molten rock, the crispy shell, begins to bubble all around their boat, shrieks and shrilling screams pour from its depth.
“What the fuck!  What the fuck did you idiots do?  Where the fuck are we you lunatic assholes!”
The Captain says between missing teeth, "Be Saved or six feet under in the Grave, Ablast ye mates and lend ye ear, if Capt. Cheddar can do this now, fear really is nothing to be afraid of, ok?  Cheers!”  and then he steps off the boat and falls into the lava sea.  Gone.
The wooden plank, like a long erect tongue, stretches out wickedly into the bubbly sea of fire.
"Crazy ass!" mutters the Doctor as he stumbles down the galley's stairs, he can feel the inferno of the lava sea reach him all the way down below deck in the Captain's Quarters.  He adds pink frosting to his cup cake, and happily squeals rubbing his hands.  "Yum, Yum!"
“Let’s show this bloke how real men die!”
“Yes, honestly I feel like my whole life has been living a lie, let’s do this!” says Socrates.
“Yes, it will feel so good not to breathe or eat again, not having to steal life from those around us, and cause more suffering, yes, let’s look on the face of truth and die!”
“Wait!” says Chance’s Love, “There’s something I should tell you first!”  He reaches up and pulls off his sock mask, revealing Chase.  “It’s me Chase!  We meet in the future!”
“Who are you?” asks Einstein.
“I am a distant time traveler and I am also Dr. Freud right now, in that, I can feel each thought and emotion he is experiencing, as I ate his third eye die, but I also entered a time traveling vortex QueenBurger just five minutes ago, combo# 7823.”
“Oh yes, a favorite of mine, but you have to be big money bags to afford that tasty treat!  He, he, he!  But it is very filling!   QB Combo# 7823 Time Traveling with the bacon extra crispy and never ending Soy, a timeless Burger!”
“I thought those lips felt familiar when you lightly brushed them against my hairy chest!” exclaims Socrates.  Chase kind of steps back a little uncomfortably as the moment passes then he says, “Yes!  So now I am withdrawing from Dr. Freud’s mind, I was supposed to find out where he hid your brains.” Then he looks curiously at Socrates, “But I have never met you before in this time line, how could you know what my lips felt like against your hairy chest, if I am a future memory?”
“You’re not the only one who has ordered QueenBurger combo #7823,” says Socrates smiling fondly at Chase and giving him a knowing wink.
“Oh, Ok right!”
“Yes, and oh, no worries about our brains, they are right here in the brains jar in the fridge I am guarding!”
“Opps!” says Chase, face turning pale.
“What?”
“I ate them all.”
“What?”
“I thought they were pickles..”  a light is growing around Chase, he sees glowing life strings surrounding them.  “It is so beautiful!” he gasps.
“What?”
“I see... I see...” Chase looks around him in awe.
Chase awakes.  He looks around disoriented.   “Where am I?”
“You are back in the QueenBurger Dr. Freud was captured in before you catapulted into his mind.”  Says a familiar voice.
“Oh, right, hi Socrates!”
“But now we have a different problem, the night guard of Sain have surrounded this QueenBurger building.  They are asking for our papers.”
A man in chainmail armor is addressing Chase, Einstein and Socrates, his cheeks are flush red.
“Well I’m the only trait that is keeping this poor bastard from having a receding hairline in his 20’s, I think that makes me a little more important than some stupid fishnet stocking fetish,” says the Night Guard, his armor jet black.
The fat man with his long handlebar moustache points to the door of the QueenBurger Salon, “Show me your papers or get the hell out of here before I call the 9 shades!” yells the man with spittle coming out of his sneering rabid mouth and dripping in his oversized beer.
“Let us important traits have the ball some.  Give it to me and get the hell out!” says another Sain soldier from the busty crowd billowing about the door.
“Go fuck yourself,” says Chase.
The man’s eyes, bloodshot, water and shoot wide open, his posture changes abruptly.  He begins gyrating his hips so that his pelvic region is humping the chair and he sucks on his arms, while fingering himself and playing with his nipples.
A voice radiates, “Chase, you have power over the weak minded,” it says, from somewhere inside Chase’s head.  Chase closes his eyes and sees a red door.  He opens it and steps through.
Chase is back on the boat, still in the lava sea.  
Socrates is sniffing and he calls out, "I smell…..  I smell cotton candy and popcorn, like as if we were at the…."
"You all are freaking bananas!  Crazy Asses that belong locked up in a jar!   Jump in the lava?  Are you Mad!" screams Dr. Freud.
"Doctor?  How could you?  Say such ugly slanderous words?  You took my trust I gave you in our confidential therapy sessions and my vulnerable feelings and you used them to your own perverted fantasies!"
"Get a grip!  You are about the craziest….. hey…. The fucking ship is sinking!   This ship is fucking sinking!"
The lava steadily rises up as the ship begins lowering, about another foot and the round port holes will suck in the lava stream.
"Oh, sweet maker!"  exclaims the Doctor, "We're all gonna die!  What the HecK did that little witch get us into, where is that freaking possessed girl I want to strangle her brains out in a.."
"Listen Closely!" Interrupts Chase, "This is an illusion, it really is water, not lava, it only appears that way, we are in a little pond being tested, we must jump in!  We must!"
"How do you know?"  asks Socrates.
"Are you sure?” says Einstein.
"Yes!  A pond fish told me," Chase says, "and…"
"Fish can't live in lava," finishes Einstein very excitedly.
"Exactly!"
"That isn't all, we are being watched, closely," says Socrates, “and I smell carnival peanuts!"
The Doctor vainly trying to scale the rigging of the main mast only succeeds in getting his feet and hands tangled.  "Your all crazy!" he sprouts crying, "Oh why me??"
"Well Doc, were not gonna leave you here, we want to take you with us!"
"You'll thank us latter."
It does not take much to tie the doctor further and as Socrates and Einstein carry his struggling body to the edge, “Put me the fuck down you crazy nut what the hell do you…”  they huff and heave, but just before they jump Socrates interrupts them.  "What does this look like, a barn?" he criticizes, "Throw away your cupcake wrappers first!  Animals!"
"Doctor you left a big mess.  Ok.  Now everyone ready, on three lets all jump in,  Ok!”
"1"
"2"
"Weeeeeee"
"Craaazzzzzzzy, AssSeS!

CHAPTER 29

 “Chase?” I say to the feeling of red as it shifts to blue.  Chase blinks green twice.  “Chase, you’re a loose cherry in the slot machine, you are a cheese wiener looking for its bun, you’re about to consume the memory of Sain are you ready?”
“What?”
“In the future you die when in the past aboard a time traveling Flagship headed to the Underworld.”
Chase nods once, holding out his empty hand.  I take it.  “Chase your love for Moon may be the only thing fueling you, but remember, others have suffered loses too, others are in great desperate!  Incredible pain!  Someone to sacrifice the world for, a love for whom to gladly sell your soul to hold once again, perhaps we should begin there, so you know, so that you can understand…”

CHAPTER 30

“Chase, can you hear me?  You have not eaten for days now Chase, we are going to take you to the children’s ward cafeteria.  There, you will find, it is a pleasant comforting environment.  You will be safe there Chase.  Safe to eat other life forms.”  The voice begins choking on blood, “Yes there you can feed, suck with your mouth around tubes pumping swallowing down solid clumps, chewy bags of flesh, bite into mouthfuls of meat, chew, Chase, chew!  We’ll eat you later!  Chow chow for now!”
Chase is being led through the small Chapel, “Why do you exist?  Why must you continue this, my brother, my son?” asks a small bubbly humble voice from above.
Chase looks up and above a rock fountain garden he sees a small miniature wooden Jesus mounted on a cross.  Jesus exists!  Jesus’s lips are moving.  Jesus lives!  His little wooden lips are moving!  Jesus talks!  Chase looks above the trickling stream at Jesus.  Chase finally found Him.
“But I was never lost,” says Jesus with a small wooden wilted sausage of a smile, “Now tell me Chase, why do you exist?”
“I must save Moon and my unborn daughter,” says Chase.  “That is all I care about, that is why I continue.  That is why I live.”
“Why do you feel a need to defend them?  Why can’t you let go and set them free of your mind, seek sweet oblivion?  Huh Chase?   Why?”
“I cannot let go, I need to be with them forever, is it love then?  Love, and need?  They are part of me, without them I am lost, I am suffering, I am not complete.”
“Do you love Moon?”
“Yes with all of my heart.”
“Can you not see you love everybody in the same way?  We are all holy.  We all have the divine spark that flames the love in our heart.  Those that you argue with, send attack thoughts to, can you not feel their love, a love that you have damned and in so are denying yourself of, a love that will propel you into the womb of God and then blow you out the other end?  Can you bless and forgive them?  Can you look at your part?  After all you are the one who labeled them as an enemy.”
Chase feels a deep love spreading throughout his body, the source of which is his heart, it feels on fire with a warm burning glow.
“You know Jesus, why don’t you ever come off the cross?  How is it that so many pass you by yet none lift a finger to help you?  After all, you gave your life to save us.  Isn’t it painful?  Why must you continuously suffer so much?  Don’t you want to come down off the cross?  Let me save you, please.”
“There must be one.  Chase, do you have the heart to sacrifice everything, to give the All, to suffer untold anguish, to save the ones you love?”
“Yes,” say Chase.
“Then take me, take my place, if only for a day.”
Chase reaches up and gripping Jesus lightly tugs him off the cross.  The wooden Jesus, comes easily off, held on by only a drop of glue.
“Wow that was so easy,” says Chase, “a little too eaS..  agh!” he feels a stabbing pain in his wrists and feet, a sharp stab in his heart.
 Chase looks down and sees bright scarlet scars in the shape of happy faces on both wrists.
“Quick, place me, inside your bath robe, above your heart, there is an extra pocket, inside, place me there, now, quick!”
Chase opens up his robe and sees a tiny thread hanging out the inner lining, he tugs on it and finds the lining to a pocket hidden very well, unseeable by normal eyes.
“Wow!  How did you know that was there Jesus?” asks Chase.
“I’ll give you three guesses,” says Jesus.  The staff hurriedly walk behind Chase and quickly coral him to the children’s cafeteria.
“Jesus?”
“Yes my child, my brother.”
“I think I am ready to quit taking drugs.  Think I can still make it into Heaven?”
“You’re the man,” says Jesus, “You’ll make it even if your leap of faith is into a bucket going to hell!  Now enjoy the ride!”
Chase, walking through the cafeteria entrance, enters another dimension.
Sitting on each bench and piled against a wall and on the floor are hundreds of stuffed animals.  Chase flinches back as they all turn to look at him, stopping their conversations in an eerie silence, before they all continue back to what they were doing.
Chase is led to a bench.
The wooden pew bench is hard and cold.  A baloney salami sandwich, from the cultured plankton QueenBurger combo # 223 sits on the table.  It is melting.  Its bread slices, lightly toasted, open, issuing mayonnaise and mustard squirts, they form two vulnerable lips, opening, they reveal a shot of pink meat, rare, before they close clenched together like a fist in a silent scream.
On top of the pile, behind a large heavy kitchen counter, Chase spies a familiar face, there sits Professor Pickle Pots.
“Thank God!  Professor you made it!” yells Chase happily and relieved.
“Sorry Chase, but it’s Judge Pickle Pots now, I am temporarily holding your trial, I fear.   You are on trial as a representation of your boy Jesus.  You are on trial for the creation of the world and life.  How do you plead?”
“Don’t I like have to be dead to answer that?”
Professor Pickle Pots the stuffed monkey Judge gets up and begins to dance.  He runs around the table and continues to dance with the stuffed teddy bear jury, then he sits back down.
“Are you willing to sacrifice all for your Love?”
“I am.”
“Tell me why did you create Life, my peaceful warrior, and in so, Death?”
“Does Love create and destroy?”
“Does your soul mate’s mind hold a gun to your head’s faith?”
“Why are babies created from two lovers?”
“Would we even have children if God did not ‘trick’ us into having sex because it is so pleasurable?”
The Jury stop eating cheese corndogs and huddle together in a hushed silence.
“Who wants to order out Chinese?”
They dance orbiting around the bench while chewing fruit snacks, corndogs, and peanut butter crackers, spilling crumbs, “Guilty!” yells a little stuffed piggy.
“Are you ready for you, Moon and your daughter’s mind to go on an adventure Chase?”
“There will be risks as you venture forth in this courageous new original world, you will be vulnerable to emotions, you will know true pain, true love.”
“You will lose all but gain in faith.”
“Your mind is a person in the center of a crowd that is bigger than the universe, and it is getting into a cab that is in an elevator.”
“It is hungry, but has no mouth to feed.”
Professor Pickle Pots makes a few tokes out of Chase’s father’s cooked hash, that make up his stuffing.  It’s cut with a few shredded dollar bills, George Washington blindfolded keeps well with his smile, the Professor takes a deep drag and chokes and offers the rest to Chase.  Chase looks at it good and hard for a few minutes then shakes his head, “Oh, I do miss my Father so much, I love him, I wish to honor him and praise him and be just like him, but no I do not think its right to snort or smoke his ashes.  No, that is Ok.  Thanks anyway, you see, I gave that up.” he says.
“I sprinkle it on my chicken too,” says Professor Pickle Pots, he takes a deep drag,  face is red as if irritated, elongated, eyes wide open he stares into infinity, he stumbles back in his bench tucks in his table cloth, and says among spittle, “Oh my God Chase, that’s the fuck.. some good shit!  You?”
Chase reaches over, then stops and sits back down.  “Now I can see my whole life I just wanted my family to be proud of me.”
The Professor looks on, a sad look, one of compassion, “Chase, I fear there is a formality here.  I am the Echo and the naked Atari, a hot busty housewife.  I am the beginning of a confusion and the end of its illusion.  Quick, give me the bath towel!”
A stuffed elephant rushes up with an evidence bag.  Professor Pickle Pots breaks open the seal revealing a bath towel he drapes over his head.  “I introduce exhibit B.  I can no longer see you, what does this mean?  Can you still see me?  Does this mean we were never here?”
Chase scribbles some notes down to present his case.
“Exhibit A – each baby comes from its mother’s womb and is born with much suffering.”
“Are you high Chase?”
“I no longer need drugs to get high, but yes, I have found it, the state of Nirvana, the state of absolute Bliss, and it is completely natural, I never realized it is an inside job, I am high on Love and Life.”
“So you admit to being real?”
“Tell me Chase, what are you running from?”
“Where are you running too?’
The wooden bench begins to snap and bend, nails buckle out.
“Do you Love your Moon with all of your heart?”
“Yes I do but..”
“Then marry me,” says Moon, Chase, overjoyed with love, says “Moon?  Is that you?” he, laughing, quickly turns around to face her, “Baby?” his words die on his lips and he sees a soft blue and red teddy bear in a pink fur tight miniskirt, she smiles and shimmers slowly turning around, her ass cocked to the side, she sways it, lifting up her tail, loaded and shaved.
“I am in a parallel universe, but the souls do not know this, marry me Chase, please!”
“Why yes, of course, you are amazing!”
“Oh Baby!  You’re going to make my dream come true!”
“Do we have a priest here?”
“Even better!” says a voice from Chase’s inner robe pocket.
“That’s right!” exclaims Chase, “We have Jesus!”
“Well yes, I have found Jesus and believe he is our savior too, but how will that help us?” says Moon Teddy-Bear.
“No, he is here in my pocket!”
“Oh well great!”
Chase reaches in and pulls out the wooden Jesus.
“Children, I feel the pillowing puffy clouds parting and the sunshine of the Lord bathing you in love, bridging your hearts together, link again.  Your love on any canvas or any star filled sky breathes life into me and is part of the best artwork I have ever seen or created.  It is my joy to join both your souls, to reunite again, in holy matrimony, but I ask a favor.”
“Yes Jesus what do you want?”
“I want you to tell the cows to prepare for the coming of “Beefus”, the cow that will lead them to salvation.
“Ok sure, sounds yummy! Does he come rare or well done,  plain or with cheese?”
 “Do we have rings?”
“Use these two green tie wraps!  The ones used to tie the hotdog bun bags!”
“Are you sure about this?” asks Professor Pickle Pots.
“Yes, yes!”
“You know the hotdog buns, while delicious now, when we fill them so full of plumping meat, may grow stale if they are not properly closed.  They could get bad.  This is a perfect metaphor for marriage.  Are you more sure then any decision you have ever made in all of your lives?”
“Yes, I am positive, I want to marry Moon.”
“Do you Chase, take this stuffed dancing teddy bear, Moon, to be your wife?”
“I do.”
“Then put her ring on.”
“Do you Moon, take this flesh bag, Chase, to be your husband?”
“I do.”
“Then put his ring on.”
“Now, I pronounce you to all of the universe and parallel universes, Husband and Wife!  You may kiss the bride!”
“He needs to eat,” says a voice from one of the stuffed animal crowd, “to feed.”
Chase hugs the teddy bear close, crying in tears, they kiss.
“The sandwich lies untouched!  He seems overly stimulated by the surroundings, pull him out, abort the experiment!”
Chase is suddenly grabbed, hands come out over his mouth and pinning him, they give him a shot.  They pull Moon from out of his arms and throw her in a linen basket by the washer.
“Don’t give up my love!”  she shouts as Chase is dragged away.
“I will always love you, and remember, you are never alone!  Remember that!”

CHAPTER 31

Gord, in the shadow of the sun, darkness shroud, blackest depth, darkest night, mind closed, the hole never closer to him, hovering over him, suffocating, all his senses hostage, he feels nothing.
“Oblivion!” whispers, chains.  “Let Go!  Dreamless Sleep!  Welcome the Void, the Nothing, imagine the No pain, imagine the No death, No life,  No struggle, let the darkness seep and creep nowhere, no time, let the empty consume, let the nothing live!”
“NO!” unable to hear his voice, “no!” weaker now.
A shot in the dark, “Remember to forget!  Forget to remember, you have no memories, no life, you are the outside, the anti!”
“I still remember!” he shouts, “I still love!”
“It is better this way…  for What is Life?  Why is it?”
“Shine the Light, feel the warmth!  You must love!  Must exist!  You are not this hole!  This demon of darkness, you can still feel!”
The clashing of the flood of light holds darkness at bay, growing darkness pushing light further away.  Both fighting, forever, in the space, both fighting another, two forces, a race of resistance and existence, as planets grow cold, new stars are born, black holes emerge, the light and the dark submerge, the sight and the night, oblivion or the Creator’s Kingdom, scales, level, balance, amiss, as the in and the out, fight with fists with holes that kiss, the more knowledge the more doubt, or the other way about, the paths beginning has no end, is life a learned behavior, or is oblivion the savior?
“You can escape in the night, you can surrender to the dark, peace, please, peace!   Let the light close its eyes, remove the light from the sight, eternal rest eternal peace, it would be sooo!  Please!  Come home!  Welcome Sweet Oblivion!”
Gord, bedeviled on his knees, reaches into his side and pulls out squirming worlds, throwing them down, planting them, his words, encompassing the whole universal QueenBurger of life, growing louder, the pain in his side, Gord, wounded, says to the all, his answer to the night, He yells out across the field of lost sight and existence, his dying words fight in a scream as he ignites, he yells out, “Let there be Light!”

CHAPTER 32

Chase stares up from the milky pool, aware only of his confused and distorted mind and the deep pounding of his heart, as it drums, BOOM!  BOOM!  DOOM!
No, not his heart, it is a war drum beating through the air in ripples, and vibrating into his teeth, like an itchy wool blanket covering all sight across the horizon in a bright sun lit layer of gold and greens and grays.  Gradually awareness returns to him like some homesick scarecrow in a barren field.
He is in an immense tree, sitting in the crotch of two huge limbs.  The tree grows from out a stone water fountain.  He hears Socrates and Einstein under him, apparently finding themselves in nearby pockets of vegetation with giant outstretched roots breaking out of the earth’s surface and thick tree trunk limbs grasping the sky.  Right below is dark red toned grainy sand and dirt with long yellow foliage and bright orange wicked looking ferns.  Giant bon fires ravage the center of what looks like a carnival or circus of bright pillars of light.  Chase suddenly hears from below cursing and spies Dr. Freud struggling around in the fountain pool, like a wounded frog, he is on his hands and knees.  There is an overweight statue of a naked man peeing out of three penises rotating around in the fountain’s center.
Chase quickly climbs down the tree, sliding the last part.  Socrates, eyes clenched close, is poking his stick at the water in the fountain, Einstein is shaking his head.
“Help!  I can’t swim!” screams Dr. Freud.
Einstein rolls his eyes up shaking his head and whispers, “What a dumb ass.”
Dr. Freud is splashing the water, “Help me you selfish egotistical id driven turds!  I can’t swim!”  he stumbles splashing around  making it to the edge of the two feet deep pool.  Chase notices, for the first time, masked figures dancing round the fires.  The fountain is surrounded by flame inside a red pentagram inside a blue octagon, the masked figures chant low, sound vibrating in ripples, a low chant, rising with the beat.  Is he?  Were they?  Summoned here?
The companions give each other a look then Einstein shakes his head in Dr. Freud’s direction then back at Chase, “I have limited experience with summoning demons from the underworld, so I am not exactly sure, but I do believe we have been summoned here from our own world.  If so certain laws apply.”
Chase walks forward, he nears the edge of the water, the burning bonfires surround, but he cannot cross the line, he feels powerless to move, or more like unable, as if something is holding him back.  He might as well be chained.
Flames, orchestrated by the masked figures, bloom and erupt all around.  The men, small in size, perhaps children? - dance around the fire and pool, deep in trance, their movements fluid, their pace flowing, their chants rise further as their clothes, damp greens and vibrant grays, swirl together like a painters brush against the canvas, they move to the beat of the leaning foliage of cat tails and blowing reeds, other people walk around them, some selling hot dogs and ale, a few cotton candy and popcorn venders are working the crowd, and he can even hear a sausage hawker along with salty pretzels, all under the canopies of trees, like tents with much activity beneath their giant limbs, stretching out with no sign of any manmade structures, only this pool, which is very beautiful and very strange.
The tiles change color as the water flows in swirls, a kaleidoscope, with the fire light and smooth intricate carvings depicting a scene of birth it seems, with ancient if not forgotten runes carved all about, Chase notices fish swimming above the pearly white floor, they, as if being cooked alive, are swimming madly in a gold fish frenzy, trying to escape, what it seems, the unknown fate of where Chase’s fellowship lies.
In the distance huge beasts lumber, footsteps thundering, as they swallow whole tree tops.  Laughter and welcome cheers, Chase sees crowds forming, masked men and women giving catcalls, yell, they greet and welcome them, as the strange masked men dance.  “Trick!   Magic Trick!” screams a lady who has a canvas sand bag over her head, Chase can see several long rusty nails driven into her face to keep the thick canvas on.  She throws a handful of peanuts at them.
The masked strangers, slow in their dance, stop and shake their heads, long smiles ear to ear.  They hang a sign, written in a few different languages, Chase finds an English translation of “New Exhibit, Please don’t feed the Schizophrenics.”
The figures retreat, and fade away.
Chase forces his leg to move and step out, but as soon as he comes near the fountain edge, his leg burns like a smoked sausage.  He falls back, he cannot leave, he cannot believe, he is caught like peanut butter between the bread.
Suddenly, all stops, the fire, the dance, the chants.
Darkness, but what?  Darkness, but wait!  Four red glowing orbs, tiny pebbles, floating red marble dance in the night air, Chase’s eyes adjusting to the dark, he sees a small shape, a person nearing, "Welcome…"  says a deep voice.
The doctor sighs with relief, "Thank God my friend, I thought I was surrounded by savages, someone has hell to pay as soon as I find out what is…. Ugh!  AcK!  Gug!"
Chase and his companions all grab at their throats.  Chase’s throat constricts tightly as if he was being strangled.
A small man, with a long white beard and balding head beneath a red striped knee-high sock he wears as a hat, a gnome, stands before them.  Blue frosted skin and milky yellow eyes, he is smiling and shaking his finger at them, especially at the doctor, "No, no, no!"
The gnome walks forward to the stunned doctor, stepping into the water, and he reaches his closed hand to the doctor's ear and says with a breaking smile, "See I do magic, I pull out your puny brain!"  and he opens up his hand to show the glowing red marble, "ha HAH! This hold you soul!" he says in a whisper, like a secret.
The gnome puts the red pulsating marble on a Velcro strap around his neck and holds it admiring its beauty.
Chase sees he is also holding three more red glowing marbles.
“Me niX, me master schizophrenic trainer,” says niX beaming in a giant smile.  Chase smiles back.
niX massages the beads, and suddenly Chase has a tremendous need, a terrific desire, an unbelievable urge to urinate, but cannot.  "Ack!" his eyesight goes blurry his knees shake, he is going to faint.  The gnome stops squeezing the marble.  Chase stumbles as the doctor collapses down, “Ahhhhack!”
Einstein swears and Socrates seems apparently unaffected by the strange power these gnomes now hold over them.
The gnome smiles, "See, we control," says, the leader who introduces himself as niX master wizard schizophrenic trainer.  Chase notices with a sickening feeling, and a sense of wonder, he realizes with horror that his trainer’s marble is glowing in pulses that match his heart beat exactly.
"You do as we say you all ok!"  says the master schizophrenic trainer, "you give trouble, all pooh break loose!", he pinches the marbles again, and the group grunts, Chase feels his innards twist.  "Yes, you good.  You mark of sauSage, you go now with me, I master, I master NiX the wizard, I you master.  You now go eat." And the gnome points to the shade of the giant red woods. Then as if he has dismissed the group, the gnome and his apprentice entirely ignore them and sit down with a small box of crayons and begin scribbling in their coloring books.
Dr. Freud, stepping out of the water and stumbling to the shade of trees where the gnomes sit, shakes enraged, "Look Here little Punk!  I am gonna shove that crayon up your.."  UghgH!  the gnome, still scribbling, gives a marble a little squeeze, and Dr. Freud intensely screams grabbing at his stomach and howling like a mad dog.  After a few moments of this the gnome puts the marble away.  The doctor, his bladder, erupting three times, looks embarrassedly at Chase shamed, for pissing himself he curses.  Dr. Freud, wipes a tear away and bites into his corn dog disgustedly.
"You mine," says niX the wizard and he gets up and walks away.  Chase feels a compulsion of unexplainable fear and nausea as the wizard gets further and further down the pathway, a great need, a strong urge, to follow, he is drawn.  Shakily, he rises to his feet and follows.  The pain lessens as he erratically lunges closer to niX.  Like a well trained dog, he follows.  Socrates and Eistein seem completely at ease with this turn of events but Doctor Freud, angrily and with extreme hatred in his eyes, stomps his feet in the earthly path of foliage beneath the ceiling of bright red orange and green tree canopies.  “You realize,” he says, “we are now slaves.”
niX the wizard, leads Dr. Freud mumbling and cursing, on a tighter leash it seems, Chase and the other two, a ways behind travel in and out of dense vegetation, sometimes near enough to the sound of others, the tribal dancers and long lines of packed equipment and caged beasts stagger the unmarked pathways into the distance, there are no signs of other civilizations.
Occasionally the gnome stops and holds up a hand like he is hailing a taxi and then spins around continuing to point, and walking in that direction.
Chase, removing his rucksack, pulls out the pickle jar and opens it up to see the pickle is still inside.  He closes it relieved.
“Your unborn babies brain needs to feed,” says Socrates.  Socrates hands Chase a flounder.  It is thrashing in his hand.  Chase looks on a little skeptically.
“Do not worry about the life of this fish or the extent of his sacrifice, he is well aware of the price of his death and is more than ready to die so our mission to throw your unborn daughter’s brain into the fires of Sain can be accomplished, and end this madness.  He only asks that you do not forget what this fish did for the universe and that we use the energy it is giving us to do some greater good.”
“Oh, I just was wondering where you got a live fish, I mean there is no water anywhere around here, and how will the pickle be able to,,”
Socrates raises his hand up, “Just put it in the pickle jar, put it in there or we all surely perish!”
Chase sighs and opens the pickle jar up, tosses the flounder inside it then closing it puts it back in his rucksack.
An unnatural smell invades Chase’s senses, the smell of burnt leaves and smoke, the smell of hair and flesh roasting.  They are skirting a field of tall, rustic orange grass, so peaceful and serene in the sloping background mountains stretch high and wide, surrounding around a huge opening. An immense cave like mouth of a mountain skull opens beneath the horizon’s setting sun, where they are heading, leading down the throat of the world.  They are following riverbanks that run red and turquoise blue, the rock and stones of the riverbank twinkle like a leather pouch full of brilliant jewels.  Smoke plumes billow out the Southern Sky, adding a dark black cloud, it is in contrast with the beautiful and so serene, velvet cream skyline.  Chase is stunned and choked by the beauty.
Einstein gasps and stares, "What is this place?"  he asks.
The head Gnome looks around, fidgeting, for a moment then as if sure they are not being heard, he whispers, "This Cow Country, they catch us very bad, Cow mad."
Hearing this, Chase grins, feeling a little worse.  "You mean we are hiding from cows?"  He asks.
“What are they gonna do, offer sour milk?" says Einstein.
“Buh-rah!  You’re hot!  On fire!” yells Socrates touching Einstein’s shoulder and making the sizzling sound, “You just been served!” he says to the Gnomes.
"They do things you never want to know, they…  they use body to spawn embryos, transform and mutate, you become ugly.." the Gnome looks at Dr. Freud then says, "uglier, you be a blonde zombie, if they no eat you, or, I seen eat people then preserve alive in their belly.  Very bad.  Now no talk."
The head Gnome raises his hand in silence.  They pause and are slowly moving along the tree line, where red grassy field met yellow pine.
"No, hear me o…..ut.. oh my freaking world!  What the hell is that!" Dr. Freud covers his  mouth as stringy vomit shoots out.
Strewn across the open wood line and field entrance is a beastly bloody monster.  It is covered black with flies, a horrid beast, face and neck cut open, its two legs, ending in hoofs, twelve foot giant size with horns protruding out its massive head.  It is wearing a skirt, possibly covering udders.
"A Cow?" questions Einstein.
“No, a bull cross dresser,” says Socrates matter-of-factly.
“Cow rancher.  Rival battle cattle ranches are near," says the gnome, "They fight over grass."
The gnome motions down and gets on his knees and crawls.  The grass reaches Chase’s waist, and following, he’s led, crawling, through the brush.  A great battle took place here, as he crawls over the bodies of the dead cows, black blood congealed, twisted gore and entrails, Chase, a little sickened, crawls so close to the dead cattle that his hands become stained in blackened red where the blood saturates the soil.  At one point he crawls next to a pitch black burnt intestine that is pulled out for over twenty feet.  He can hear the loud and magnified buzz of flies, as if they are vibrating the ground with their wings.  The stench is between burnt hair and grilled sirloin. He climbs over one Cow that died scaling a fence.
He looks at it closely.  It has a blue circle shield, faulty as it missed the long barbed, red arrow sticking out of the dead Cattle’s right eye.  It has on chain link armor with a large spiked club, Chase gets a good look at the club, wider than his own head, it has a cushioned tight grip and crescent shaped handle, skid proof.
When they reach the end of the field, the gnomes, a little more relaxed, seem more approachable.
"niX," says Chase, "What's this all about?  What is happening?"
"Happening?"  asks the gnome.
"Yes, I mean, the dead.. ah… cows, this, ah….   Freaky feeling…  Am I hallucinating?"
"Why do you ask, do you think you are hallucinating?" asks the gnome, "Can you tell reality from fantasy?" the gnome has his sheaf of paper out and is taking notes with his crayon.
“Duh!  Please, your stupid questions bore me,” comments Dr. Freud, “like so.. Boring!  You don’t have a clue!”  Dr. Freud looks around excited like a school boy who made a good come back, another feather on his hat, he looks like he wants to pass with the ball, he looks at Socrates and Einstein for support and encouragement.
Einstein shakes his head covering his eyes with his hand.
The gnome pauses and looks up then asks "Do you know where you are?"
The doctor, sweat and grass stains on his shirt, moans and shakes, "WhaT?  DO I know What?  This is not real!"
The doctor’s reserve 'panic' adrenaline energy possibly drained he sobs with his cries coming out in waves, he looks burnt up and used, he staggers and falls.  He begins to cry.  "I want to go home!" he whines.
"You like it here," says niX, a touch of concern, "You see.  Me teach you..  What you trick?"
"What?  What trick?"
"You SauSage Schizophrenic, you have trick.  You see.  We rest now, find good spot in roots.  Safe."
"No, you lune, I TREAT schizophrenics, I am NOT one."
"You say you hallucinate, you not know where you are." says niX, "You SauSage Schizophrenic.”
Could that be it?  Thinks Chase.  Is that the answer?

CHAPTER 33

The gnome, perhaps sensing the party is having a rough time dealing with current events, gives the fellowship some strips of a fleshy plant to eat and announces, "Me teach you Magic now."
In the gnome’s bag he withdraws some square cards.  "These images, you must see in mind, you remember these, powerful MoJo!"
niX holds up one card.
"That's an ink blot!" shouts Doctor Freud, "Analyze me?  Analyze me you freaking ass you little punkk…. UgHhhh!"  the gnome squeezes the marble and the doctor looks like his stomach is squishing.  "I do not need any stinking ink blot.." he continues gagging and doubling over.
“I see a mountain lion leading a pack of deer!” says Socrates excitedly.
“Yes, good good, concentrate on this symbol in your mind!”
Einstein swats at a horsefly, splattering it against his leg.  “I see….” he says, but before he can finish suddenly the dead horsefly jerks, it moves and slowly crawls closer to Socrates, continuing until it is resting near Socrates’ foot, where it twitches as its guts, splattered out of its body, vibrate a little and tremble.
“You cast powerful spell!”  cries niX, “You raise dead!”
“What image do you see?” asks niX to Einstein and Chase.
 Chase scratches his head and says, “I see a cloud.  It is raining and thundering.  It is inside a third deep vagina.  The vagina inside a vagina inside a vagina is sitting on a cake.  The cake is slowly swallowing a train.  Its frosting lips are riding away into the horizon on the back of a dragon.”  And then Chase smiles and closes his eyes.  He sees Moon dancing in the light.  He feels their love grow.  He feels the warmth of her touch, he feels happy.  A yell in awe breaks him out of his deep hypnotic like trance, and looking around he realizes everyone has stopped what they are doing and they are staring intently at him.
“That was amazing!” says Socrates.
“I would never have believed it if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes!” says Einstein.
“Good trick, good magic trick!” yells niX the gnome rubbing his hands together.  “Class A Schizophrenic disorder, big money, that!”
“Why?  What happened?” says Chase.
“You.. you.. you turned into a giant raven,” says Socrates.
“You flew circling above us!” shouts Einstein excitedly.
“I didn’t notice, my eyes were shut.”
“Yes, yes that must be it, that trick, you can’t be aware you are doing it for it to work, but memorize the image!  Powerful mojo!”
“I still don’t know what my special trick is,” says Einstein a little doddery.
“Concentrate on image!” says niX sternly.
“I see a man in a wedding, and he,,, and he,,, he is marrying a tree.” Says Einstein.
Einstein stares at an orange pumpkin in the gnome’s rucksack.  Concentrating, he reaches for it, he lays his hand over its half rotten surface, and mumbles a few words.  Suddenly it falls and lands on the ground.  Cracks rise up it from the base and it, plump, splatters.
“That it!  That it!  You cast powerful gravity spell!  That you magic trick!”
Einstein smiles, “I made my electrons seduce the pumpkin’s atoms, you know, with their, you know... sex appeal... and they.. you know… did it..  you know?  Birds and bees?  they reproduced litters of baby atoms quadmatically,”
Socrates yells excitedly, “You mean they fucked in an orgy of atoms and became pregnant atoms and they made a shit load of babies reproducing in the quillions and the pumpkin solid could not hold so many newborn baby electrons shooting out the atom’s fiery vagina and overloaded and overflowing with newborn electrons the pumpkin solid exploded!”
Einstein nods his head continuing with a mad happy grin, “that made the pumpkin heavy, and fall on its side.  Did you see how it popped!” he goes and stands next to Chase.  Socrates gives him a high five.
 “Aw your a granddad!”
“Everyone do powerful mojo magic but you,” says niX to Dr. Freud.  “You bad.  You no good.  You maid.”
“What?  What?” screams Dr. Freud.
"We try one more time, just tell me what it look like," says the gnome, "I know when you lie, tell me truth, then you see, powerful MoJo magic!"
"I….. " the Doctor trembling, "I…  " defeated, "it looks like…  it" he is crying, "looks like my mother….."
"Your mother? Exactly what about your mother," asks niX the wizard.
"Oh…. OK you ass wipe!  It looks just like my mother's breasts, OK!  YOU got That!?"
"Yes, good!  Now picture it and concentrate on image, you see it in mind?"
The doctor groans, hands over his eyes, he looks to be in deep contemplation.
"Concentrate" orders niX.
"What the hell do you expect me to be able to do?"
"Concentrate and try again," says niX the wizard.
The doctor, once more, covers his eyes.
“Picture the symbol of your childhood,” says niX, “Bring it to mind till it is familiar, remember feeding on your mama’s milky tits, remember the taste, the texture, remember how the nipples felt, no longer feel so alone.”
“She wouldn’t let me near them!  The witch!  Only fed me with a bottle!” Dr. Freud is crying in sobs, “All I ever wanted was to be good enough to suckle on her breasts!”  The Doctor reaches in his pocket absently and pulls out a prune.
"Where did this come from?"  he asks.
The gnome smiles and says, "See, told you!  Powerful MoJo!  You cast first spell, you make prune!"
The doctor, disgustedly throws the prune at a tree.
"Lesson over," says the gnome.
As the morning goes by, the fellowship practices their magic tricks.  Everyone but Dr. Freud show great improvements.  Dr. Freud has a never ending supply of prunes, it seems, but even so, the gnome looks disappointed, "You no good," he says, "you weak, no good."
The gnome offers him no food, so looking disgruntled, Dr. Freud eats his twenty third prune.  “I need to relieve myself,” says Freud.
"Ewwww!" says the gnome as Freud leaves the party and heads into the bushes.
His business done, the Doctor, looks greatly relieved, when the gnome excitedly, chattering rapidly in another language, yells, "Look, here!  Look here!"
Chase sees, behind the bush, where Dr. Freud moments ago deprecated, a small green stemmed plant with rustic orange leaves, is growing before Chase’s eyes, in a very short span of time, the plant grows into a small tree, and keeps growing till, wood creaking and snapping, it blossoms bearing a thick cluster of nuts and leaves.  It is amazing!
niX the wizard yelling up and down, he claps happily and pats the doctor excitedly.  "You have super poop!  Make good fertilizer!  You super pooper!"
Doctor Freud, gags and as if the last blow, in a loss for words, he looks sick and falls over, crying,  "Glad you like it," is all he whispers.

CHAPTER 34

The gentle slope they have been traveling up begins turning steeper as they near the humongous cave like opening.  niX holds up a hand cautioning, “Troll kingdom there, they no like circus, they eat beasts.  We must avoid.”  The fellowship, haggard, keeps up with the gnome as he sprints ahead along a side path.  The other performers, passed this way and are far ahead of the small straggling group.  The path narrows as they travel along a footpath that has been chiseled out of stone.  It is a very skinny alleyway.  They are headed south again.  Chase begins to like the gnomes.  It is what, Dr. Freud, on a few occasions, mentions “battered housewife syndrome”.
The walking becomes slow and more challenging as they are forced to squeeze through crevices and cling to the steep slope.  The rest of the caravan is long out of sight, they are taking a side passage away from the rest of the herd.
Apparently the schizophrenic trainers are looking for some magical berries tiny blue men in white hats and white shoes harvest for a magic potion, the gnomes trade the leader of the tiny blue men, who they call Big Daddy, he wears a red hat and red shoes and has a nice beard, they trade him a case of brains for three jars of magic berries.
They are heading towards one of the smaller mountain bases when, their guide, a gnome named Gargle, suddenly stops.  He looks up and yells, “Run!”
A violent tremble and a large boulder tumbles down blocking the cave exit.  The passage leading out is now blocked and the ground begins tumbling in, and forms a hole, like a mouth, opening right under them.  “Troll trap!” yells niX the wizard gnome.
“Very Careful!” says the gnome.  “Lead far far down.  Troll live in.  Very Careful!”
And he points to the large cracks all around, “Wrong foot and you fall in, another world down there, you no wanna go!”
They turn to retreat when another giant boulder crashes down blocking their path back, large cracks splinter towards them.  There are sounds of fighting above, clash of steel and screams that end abruptly.  Holes are opening all around, the ground beneath them gives, the doctor, Freud, slides to the edge, falling in the hole with a hoarse scream.  The party looks at each other, “Should we go after him?” asks Einstein.
Suddenly niX the gnome loses his footing and tumbles down among falling pebbles and stone.
Suddenly Chase feels his throat tighten, as the soul marble niX carries around his neck gets further and further away.
Chase feels a great need, an urgency to follow as they get further separated.  Einstein screams, but he chokes, cutting his voice short, he turns a shade of purple and jumps in after niX.  Socrates leaps up and hurtles forward landing on rock foundations like they are lilly pads in a lake.  The whole trail caves in, and Socrates tumbles, the stone ground giving way, into a hole, the hole is like an open wound, more wounds grow in an avalanche.
Chase, pressed tight to the ledge, chokes, unable to breathe as his throat tightens further, and he feels his footing give. 
Chase slides like a lover, along the tip of the pit, penetrating the earth’s caving in lips, as they, sucking in mud, and granite gravel, pull him in, collapsing around him, he falls.  His throat constricts, tight.  The further the marble, he knows, the more the choke hold grows.  Struggling, kicking, sliding, covered in mud, he, rides on.  He can sense rather than see his soul marble is near.
He strikes a hollowed out hardened floor of rock and lands in a heap on top of Dr. Freud who grunts in pain.  niX has fallen on a grill near piles of cooking meat in what appears to be an underground QueenBurger.  He must have landed on a napkin dispenser, because it is busting out of his chest, impaling him, thrust inside his guts, loose intestines like severed snakes, squirm and wiggle loose around it, in an ugly bloody wound.  He is dying.
“Come closer...” says niX in a whisper.  Socrates shrugs and Einstein hastens to his side, Chase comes and stands near.
“closer,” says niX.
“Let me see you with my own eyes,” he says and removes his black helmet.
“There, there, you’re crying, would you like a napkin?” offers Socrates reaching for a napkin from the dispenser, “it is really quite conveniently near.”
niX brushes off the question and good deed, “Can you hold my hair while I speak?” asks niX.  They all reach for a braid.
“closer,” says niX.
“The soul marbles,” he says, “they are not real...  it was just in your head.”
“What?”
“You just needed a push.  I am so proud,” he coughs, “I am so proud of you all!  You will make great....” he coughs up blood as his flesh sizzles, “sausage schizphrenics!” and he moans rolling over and dies.
Tears trail down Socrates face, he grabs a napkin and blows his nose, billowing into it, Einstein kicks at a rock on the QueenBurger floor.
“Yes, yes my, combo #7003, my friend” says Socrates pointing at the menu list which near the bottom left reads ‘Grilled Gnome’, “you will not be easily forgotten!  Even in death you feed us!”
Chase feels so good, a spiritual high, he pays no heed to the sound of water dripping, he takes in the scent of the QueenBurger deep in the earth’s bowels, the devil’s toilet, as the walls glow in iridescent mold, he sees strange drawings of cave art.  He feels as if he is being watched, and, looks around carefully appraising.
A sign that reads in crude letters, “Free spaceship ride to Mars” with an arrow pointing to a booth with a table.  On the table is a ....banana?
“A BANANA!” screams Dr. Freud giggling.  “It’s mine!  All mine!  Get away from my banana you psychopaths!”  Dr. Freud runs over to it, “No more prunes!  I’m gonna puke prune juice!  You horribly venomously stupid crazy luatics!”
A box sits over the table.  They sit under the box in the booth, “I always wanted to go to Mars,’ says Einstein eagerly.
“I heard they have a good health care plan there and their crab fest is to die for,” says Socrates knowingly.
Chase watches as Dr. Freud rushing, picks up the banana, not noticing a string attached to the banana holding the box up with a pole, “What’s this?” he says and at the same time Socrates shouts “Wait!”
Dr. Freud pulls tugging on the string.  The string pulls out a pole.  The pole, holding the box above their heads, is yanked out and the box falls, over them.
“Trap!” yells Einstein, too late.
They hear a low rumble of laughter, “he he HA!  Me catch YOU!  Me Get you GOOD!  You Like BaNana Big Man?”
Chase sighs as he hears a rumbling of footsteps, clanging of chains and a harsh language of grunts come filtering through the walls of the box they are now trapped inside.  “No trip to Mars?’  asks Socrates a little skeptically.
“Maybe, maybe not.” Says Einstein.
Chase inhales deeply and watches the shadows outside the box near as Dr. Freud, eating the banana, cries.

CHAPTER 35

Chase, hands tied behind his neck, sighs while lunging forward.  Once again his freedom has changed ownership.  He feels he is nearing the last mountain peak before he makes the valley, unlocking the last gate, weathering the final storm, opening the dam.
There are numerous creatures who scurry out of the edge of the light from the torch the giant Troll leader holds as she marches forward tugging on the leech tied around Dr. Freud’s neck, jerking him forward.  Chase, Einstein and Socrates, all bound, walk fifty paces behind them in the middle of the scouting party.
“You Big Boy, you Queeny stud,,” says the Troll leader, “Red” reaching back and pinching Dr. Freud’s cheeks, she motions to Chase and his companions, “You food!” she says with a grunt to Chase.
Chase studies this hopeless situation.  He feels very tired like from a very bad and getting worse and old fast LSD trip that has been going on way too long and a little annoyed at being distracted from what he feels is his main mission that he is running out of time to accomplish.  He can feel the ticking clock of a pulsing neutron time bomb strapped to his ass, figuratively speaking.  Also he is unsure about this turn of events, he could possibly be at his bleakest hour, he sees no positivity here. He sees no hope.
The muggy air feels like he is swallowing bowls of hair.  He is being poked from behind by a Troll, with a large toothy mouth.  Red suddenly stops and looks back at Chase and rubs her belly then pets Dr. Freud on his head, “Sweet Cheeks,” she says between quaint lips, “Are you big man?”
“What?”
"You dumb," she says continuing on her way and pulling his leash.
"Oh, she's a freaking lune!" the doctor mumbles between tugs, "Oh, I want to go home!"
"We go!  We go!  You follow Ha Ha!"
Chase’s stomach growls and he is painfully aware of his empty belly. “Freud ask her for some food,” says Chase.
“What?  Why me?  Ask her yourself!” says Dr. Freud.
“It’s apparent she likes you the most,” says Socrates, “Go ahead and ask her.”
Dr. Freud curses mumbling beneath his breath, he says, “Uh….  Red?” he asks,  “I need to eat.”
“You eat?” she asks all smiles, “Big Boy eat?  You cutie-pie, you Big boy wanna,” she purrs and does a kind of spinning jump dance, “banana?  Huh Big Boy?  You Naughty!  Oh you naughty, naughty bigggg boy, you keep secret?  Dirty dirty, Red play too!  Wanna eat my banana with big boy mouth?”
“uh… yes….. sure…  what?”
She steps away behind the cliff ledge.  Moans and deep pitching grunts emit from around the corner and Red Troll comes back smiling.
“Here, big boy.” She says with a wink, holding a peeled banana wrapped in ceremonial silk.
“Uh…  thanks….”
It smells delicious to Chase as Freud gobbles it down.
“What about us?” asks Einstein.
“Yeah you teacher’s pet, get us some food.
Dr. Freud reaches into his pocket and throws a prune at them.  “There eat that.”
Dozens of prunes later they are still being led through the underground chamber, there is the sound of water flowing and hammering of metal.
“If I look at one more prune I will puke!” says Socrates disgustedly.
Further down, the lower catacombs, Chase never has been so lost, but Red Troll knows where to go.  It feels as if, the further they go in the darkness the more Chase itches.  His mouth is filled with the taste of decay and the earth is moist, like a sauna.
He loses track of time, and the last few days of madness catch up to him.  He nods off in slumber, allowing a Troll to pull him from behind, they do not seem to care either way, he does not slow the lanky muscled giants any, as slumber overtakes him.
He awakes in darkness something is grappling him, he yells in surprise, “What the fuck?”
He hears Socrates and Einstein and Freud also disoriented and waking up while being man handled.
“Where the hell am I?”
“Oh you Lunes!”
"You pet for Queen" says Red.  "You meet."
"We trade," says the Queen, "We need our fungi in fertile soil!  He he he!  Fun Jeans, our flowers grow yellow with mold need cream into pink,  you understand?" she winks.
Dr. Freud looks at the others who are being led to a cage, Chase offers him a shrug, Dr. Freud looks anxious with a long fearful frown "ah…. Sure…" says Dr. Freud, Chase is sure he does not understand at all.
"We make you feel at home.  You like us?  What you want?"
"Well.. I am.. hungry.  Do you have some, uh…  thing to eat?"
The Trolls suddenly run in a huddle and begin talking very excitedly, one of them pokes her head out giggling.
Freud does not look so good.
They stand up, all smiles, with the Queen, wearing a crown made of bones, blushing.
"You hungry big man?" she asks and winks at Dr. Freud.
"Uh…  Yes, do you have ah.. any…  Why are you all smiling at me?”  Dr. Freud begins backing up.
"Monkey boy," sighs the Queen, "I hear you are…” –wink- -wink- she lets the, royal robe,  her only outer-garment,  fall around her ankles, “…Hungry like a big man?!”  Her only other garments she has on is a small teddy, it looks lumpy, keeping the first two rows of tits pressed tight to her chest, large long beer can size nipples exposed to the air, stand at attention swaying in the breeze from the lower open mouth of the canyon.  Unlacing her bottoms, she lets her panties fall to the floor.
Looking at the Queen, naked, Dr. Freud’s mouth flies open in a silent scream.
“Good God!” yells Einstein, “I wish I could properly photograph and record this, as it must be the only time humankind has witnessed the mating ritual of these beasts!  Freud!  We must rely on only your memory!  Are you recording this?”
Finding his voice, Chase says between laughs, pointing at the Trolls genetalia,  He says to Dr. Freud who has wads of stringy vomit coursing out of his mouth, “That’s a new one, what is she making?   Oh my God look!  Are you compatible!  I guess so, is she giving birth?  What the fuck…  Oh get ready here she..”
She stands before the Doctor, forcing him to his knees.  Socrates, Einstein and the other Troll onlookers both ‘Ohhhh” and ‘Ahhhh’.  Dr. Freud shrieks.
The Queen Troll’s panties rest around her ankles, her vagina is an eye-stalk.  The eye is poking out, the eye-stalk extends spreading out on a cord until it is sticking a foot in the air.  The eye orb squeezes out some juices as it swells up and opens.  Chase feels as if the eyestalk is studying him but shakes it off as paranoia.
Her eyeball-orb vagina holds a determined look of disdained paining pleasure, the swollen orb, lifts it's membrane and 'hatches' with a liquid like yolk, a coating of juices that spill out of the membrane, like a unborn chick’s nerve center in an egg prematurely broken open.
Something is being pushed out and at first hesitant, pulling in then shooting back out again, it ejects out.   She squeezes her vagina and out slides a peeled banana.  Pushing it out, like mustard in the bottle, it sticks outward towards Dr. Freud and wiggles in front of his face.
Freud gags.  Chase smells cooked eggs.  The Doctor seems only able to shriek some, as if petrified.  There is an uncomfortable silence as Dr. Freud just sits there a shrill shriek coming out of his small tight lips.
Sounds of disdain and disapproval, hands and fists pummeling chests, roars of outrage and insult continue as regretfully, the Queen pulls in her stalks, elastic taunt, and the orb pulls back in the membrane, re-swallowing the banana.  Her eyes ecstatic appearing full of pleasure still dance and shine but a frown slowly replaces her smile.
"Ahh…” says Red, kneeling, “I did not realize you a virgin to our ways, I take for granted… let's see.. “ she drops to a whisper loud enough for Chase and the others to hear, "I will say this in a most delicate way, You supposed to eat banana.. If no, we eat you.  Yum.”
“Ready?”
As she says this the Queen, blushing, smiles and winks at Dr. Freud then makes the banana squeeze out of her fresh fleshly garden hole again.
"Forget it! Fruit cake!"
"Eat the banana!" pleads Socrates who has been watching from his cage, “Eat it!  Eat it or you will surely perish!"
Dr. Freud, fumes and in a fury as if out of all visibly shaken fundamentals, a little too much at once, yells, "Bananas?  BANANAS!  YOU ALL ARE FREAKING BANANAS!!  What did I do?" an innocent plea,  “Have I been so unworthy, why must I suffer so?”   With a look of vain disgust, he touches the banana and after some coaxing, bites into it.
The Queen moans pushing out three more and as Dr. Freud nears the last bit of Banana, down to the hilt of flesh, the Queen, gets up off her back and giggling as she, her eyeorb mound now empty and pink, smiles patting his back, she retracts in her vagina’s eye-stalk until it is once again just a hole.
Freud whimpers.  Broke.  He looks repulsed, and ashamed of himself, he looks shell shocked, “The bananas actually tasted great,” he says crying, broken, “In fact I want more,” he begins sobbing..
"We bring you what you want, no worries!"
The Queen holds a knobby club that reminds Chase of a giant maggot and slams it into the gong.  BOOOOOONNNNNNGG!
She giggles again as the small fellowship of the Brain is led away, Freud stumbling, the other three poked with a spear from behind, into a small cavern, they are lowered into a well.
“Figures,” says Freud.

CHAPTER 36

RedTroll sits down on the lips of the well’s ledge, Chase has an eye shot straight up her skirt, and trying not to look, looks, feeling even worse.
“You Big Boy!  You Queen Honor!  Soon have Queeny Baby!  You give birth!  You Queeny’s Booty, big Honor, big boy!”  She smirks and lowers a bucket down the well.  Doctor Freud looks like he has lost the ability to talk, and as if now immune, he reaches into the bucket and withdraws a banana wrapped in ceremonial silk.
“You eat and rest!”  RedTroll says her voice leading away.
“Listen,” says Einstein after Red Troll leaves.  “I have been studying the tribal carvings and artwork along the walls and believe I know where we are and who the Queen is.”
“Well we are all ears man!  Tell us!” says Socrates.
“I believe she is the Queen of the QueenBurger franchise!”
“What?”
“No way really?”
“Wow that is so cool!” says Chase.
“She must be a billionaire!” exclaims Socrates.
“That’s not all!  I believe, from what I have seen and interpreted from the tribal cave art that matches up to Chase’s moles forming the monk’s key, and the sunlight deciphered by the encryptions in the Bible, all of that together points to this!  - That inside the Queen’s throne room is a portal to all of the QueenBurgers in all the realms, including the one to Sain’s QueenBurger!”
“You mean?”
“Yes!  We can complete our mission to throw the Brain into the fires of Sain!”
“Yay!” shouts Socrates with a giant smile, “and I have a plan to get out of here!  Chase make sure the brain is safe, Einstein, do you still have that beanstalk seed you wanted to save for research?  Freud, eat more prunes!  Our very lives depend on it!”
Inside the well, Chase never felt so nauseous, with noxious sulfur smell and lava rocks, amid twinkling streams and tingling veins of glittering rock, sparkling jewels, running down the walls of the well, he can feel the ground through his Sir Almund’s Boots, he bought from the Shoe Scene store, now a hole worn through.
Two hours later and Doctor Freud has not moved at all from his seat in the mud.
The sounds of the Trolls have come and gone as the new shift recedes into the background, the guards leaving.
The small party waits.
“Any time now,” says Einstein.
They have been waiting for several hours, Dr. Freud’s mouth and tongue black with prunes smeared on his face, when at long last, Dr. Freud relieves himself.
Fertilizing, the seed, it, suddenly shoots up, small sapling, then, a vine, a stalk, the bean stalk grows, “God, you may be an ass but you do have a green butt!” says Einstein admiring the giant beans, Socrates claps his hands excitedly.
The beanstalk grows thick and wraps up the wall, giant beans, wiry stems, they waste no time, the smell of the fresh green beans, the feel of the sticky vine, they ascend out of the well.  Climbing up it, they reach the top of the well in the cavern housing chains and skeletons of the dead.  The fellowship of the brain, out on the open road again, run across the dungeon chamber unnoticed.
“This way!” screams Einstein leading the way, “The throne room is in this direction!
They run through the cavern city as the Trolls, lumber among cages housing herds of the giant cow warriors, and other Trolls slumber in thatch houses, the fellowship of the brain clings to the shadows and skirts past the main hall, down a few stairs, turns, corridors and in a passageway which dead ends into a beautifully engraved metal door, with a legged snake engraved in gold leading through various evolutions into a monkey in a spaceship with a slogan which says, “Don’t Evolve on Me,”  the metal door is locked, there is no keyhole or handle on the locked door but there are buttons scattered over the door, glittering diamonds, they form constellations like stars in the sky.
“Remarkable!  There is a coded lock we must break to enter.”
“Puzzling,” says Socrates, “What could it be?”
“You know the monkey looks just like…  Chase!  That’s it!  Wait Chase!  Take off your shirt!  Don’t you get it, you are the monk’s key!   It’s the moles on you, the coordinates to the QueenBurgers!  Now all we need to do is push in the buttons on the door that correspond to your moles!  You are the chosen one!  This will take only a second!”
Einstein busies himself in a flurry of button pushing, as he studies Chase’s moles, Chase having reluctantly agreed to disrobe, spread throughout his body,  and then, smiling, Einstein says “Wah lah!” the door opens and Einstein, in victory pose, walks “Whhaa..?”  There is a second door that refuses to open.
Chase looks at it closely, it is stained mirror covering a metal door.  “Wait, I wonder..” Chase digs in his bag and pulls out the bifocals of Jesus.  Wearing them he looks and sees a view from out a thirty story window into a parking lot below where a fallen, bloody body of pulp has collided with the sidewalk, a large black raven, lifts, flying to a window.  He sees his love Moon crying, and he knows there is a question, there is a choice and a consequence, there is a sacrifice to make, “Are you sure?” asks the forgotten Jesus from Chase’s bag, “It will cost you all.”
Chase nods and places the wooden Jesus Yo-Yo in the door key indention, it is a perfect fit and the door pushes open, just as if it led inside a mall, as from down the hall a band of Troll warriors, a hunting party who must have picked up on their scent charge, nearing the top of the steps, they scream in rough foul curses.
“Damn it all!  They are on to us!” shouts Socrates throwing a rock at the first trolls head and turning with his back to the trolls he dives tackling the small fellowship and launches them through the door, just as the Trolls breech the final hall.  The fellowship of the brain tumble inside the throne room, banging the doors shut behind them and sealing them in with heavy wooden and metal bars.
They find themselves stuck on a bone cage island, hanging from a high up cliff, the cage hangs above the throne room.  Einstein rubs his chin examining the bone cage suspended in the air.
“The portals to all of the QueenBurgers is right over there!  We need to lower it!  So close, salvation teases at us like the lover you took out to dinner, wined and dined and are deep into putting the moves on but later find out she has alien genitalia!  But… hmmmm… if I am reading this badly drawn cave art right, the wheel to activate the chain crank is below us, on the ground, right there.” Einstein points to a small overhang vaulted hut ceiling hanging above what looks like a phone booth.   But..” they look over the edge, “It’s at least a three hundred foot drop, with no chance of climbing down.  I fear we are trapped!”
The party sits down as the banging on the other side of the door connecting the cage with the door they unlocked grows louder and more intense.  “It was a good try,” says Socrates.
“Yes,” agrees Einstein.  “It was.”
“I have a confession to make,” says Dr. Freud with a wheeze.
“Yes?”
“I… have a mental illness…..  I am also…”
“Why that’s quite alright, I think we all are crazy, but some of us take meds and are treated for it, this makes us super sane, Right Chase?”

CHAPTER 37

“Dr. Wormpeeler?” says the orderly, “I think the patient is awakening, you’re scheduled for a talking session after I administer his shot.
“You are on the borders of a new era, a new face, your episodes are a mystery I will unlock,” Dr. Wormpeeler’s smile touches both ears, “A pleasure Doctor Freud?  Or is it Socrates today?” he asks Chase.
“I am so looking forward to holding sessions with you, one on one” he frowns and talks in a small make believe voice, “I understand you have been monk-keying around in another world, very intriguing.  A world of Magic and Riches, yes, sounds very imaginative!”
The orderly, administering the shot, throws it in the red hazmat container and exits, leaving them alone.
Dr. Wormpeeler, eyes burning, laughter coats Chase in sleeze, Chase silent, wears a straightjacket.  The Doctor pokes him in the forehead sneering.
He laughs, “You make me sick!  To think we share the exact same genes!  Now, give me the monk’s key!”
Then, as the realization, as the truth hits home, Chase screams “NO!!!” and quivers, unable to move, paralyzed in doubt, pain, and fear, “No!” he says defeated.
“Yes!  You know it’s true!  I am a clone of you!  Made from a different brain, cloned by the hospital!  I am a Chase, a better Chase, a stronger Chase, a more powerful Chase, I will kill you and rape, plunder and destroy everything precious in your life!  Oh your daughter is really going to be Daddy’s little princess, she will beg to eat the shit I pile on her plate!  She will have such severe paranoia, depression and schizophrenia!  She will be afraid to blow her nose without sucking off every Tom, Dick and Jane, I will whore her out to every scumbag until she has maggots crawling out her!  She will become my very special apprentice!”
Chase makes a hoarse yell, trying to stand up as his vision doubles, crying in sobs, he staggers at the Doctor.   Dr. Wormpeeler kicks his feet out from under him and Chase tumbles down.
“no!  NO!”
“Wait, we haven’t even begun yet and you’re getting all excited.  Whachha enter the underworld through the toilet?  The sewer? Is that your portal to the gods…. We will FLUSH out the truth!  Hah!  Get it?”
“I’m gonna kill you!  Again!”
“Oh…  really?  Tell me do you  Wanna banana?”
“stuff you!”
“Oh… what are you just dying to do?   Who are you just dying to meet?  I can help!  I am going to give you a shot and after you tell me everything I want to hear and more I have a special place, my and our safe place, a safe place to stay safe…  for…  oh!  Only half of eternity!  That’s all!  Just half of eternity!  A little cramped but a great, GREAT view…  Yes, I think we will have lots of safe fun……It’s gonna be a real scream!  You can even say it’s gonna be murder on you and your friends!”
“What do you know of friends?  You anti-Freud!  Your life is empty without hate!  I pray for forgiveness for you, you must be in so much pain and unbelievable suffering.  You’re a miserable ego maniac with a self-esteem complex and you only get pleasure when you inflict pain, what are you really afraid of?  What makes you so sick?”
Dr. Wormpeeler cracks half a smile, half a frown, and before he can talk Chase says, “and all of your jokes are all lame and weak!”
“Shut up!  Shut up!” Dr. Wormpeeler clubs Chase across the head and as Chase staggers on the ground Dr. Wormpeeler gives him a long shot in the neck.  “Bye bye loser!  I’m going to start whoring out your unconscious body, let’s see, what about a red light special, first month’s admission is free!”

CHAPTER 38

The bone cage, swings back some more.  Hanging in the air over the wide chamber, Chase, awakes in a shroud of darkness, his eyesight is growing weaker and weaker.
The good Dr. Freud in the cage next to him moans and stirs.  His body is bloody and torn, loafers melted to his flesh, distortions, they had played with him for sure.  The Doctor, coming to, screams.  Sleeping, arms hanging out the bars, Einstein, Socrates and a duck, stir.
 Who knows how long they sat in the small confines of the giant beast’s rib bone cage, Chase in and out of consciousness, his eyes, a hint of the old and keen intelligence sparkling, Chase announces, “Shade Of Hade, ol friend Soc, we been through a lot.”
Socrates nods with a curt smile, “Yes…  been through a lot.  Did you think it will end like this?  Birds pecking at us, when we eventually fall asleep, pecking the flesh off our bones like those poor fools below?”
Chase, slow to respond, sluggard shrugs, “Do you think…  feel.. we have become the evil?” he is shaking.  “is oblivion that bad?  Is salvation for us?  Heaven?  Can we still follow our heart… still feel love?”  he winces in pain as his wounds become unbearable.
“I am an illusion.” Says Socrates sadly, “I am a delayed reaction, I am a star extinguished eons ago but you have yet to see me disappear in the sky….   I am your peace, I am your oblivion, you must first empty fear before you can fill your cup with love, but half empty or half full, at least you have a cup.”
“Quack!” says the duck.
“No!  It’s not true!  I am not a quack!  Wait,” whispers Dr. Freud, “I now know what I must do.”  He stands up and gives Chase back the pickle jar it was his shift to guard.  He spits out a giant wad of black gum he must have been chewing for days now and reaching into his pocket he pulls out a prune.  “I wish I had something better to give you Chase, but this is all I have.  I really have come to respect you Chase, your undying love for Moon and your unborn daughter Evening.” Tears are trailing down his face.  “Remember me, possibly in a song to sing of our adventure.”  He hands the prune to Chase, there is a little bit of pink lip stick on it.  Chase claps it to his chest. “I shall always honor it!”
“I think I know what you are planning and you do not have to do this,” says Socrates.
“But don’t I?  Death is just another hotel door with a “Don’t Come in” sign for the maids.”
“You mean you are going to jump down there?” says Einstein in shock.
“Yes, but what would that do,,,,  but wait!  Socrates’ power!  He can reanimate the dead!”
“Yes, I see now!”
“Oh boy Freud, you are a genius, your sacrifice will be celebrated!” Einstein bursts into tears and gives the Doctor a good hug.
“Your decision made, I do not want to make,” says Socrates as he opens the cage door and he pushes Freud out of it, Dr. Freud plummets to the ground, “you to suffer any more by postponing this.” He finishes.
Dr. Freud hits the ground hard, bouncing.
“Can you do it from this distance?” asks Einstein.
“I can try,” says Socrates, then “Wait!  He’s not dead yet!”
They look down and see Dr. Freud is wiggling on the ground.
“You’re up now Einstein!” says Socrates, “Use your expansion power!”
“Ok! – but I have never performed it on a live human before!” Einstein concentrates deeply, he mumbles and makes a hand signal and begins chanting.  Sweat forms on his brow.  Suddenly there is a scream and a loud ‘pop’ as Dr. Freud’s head splits open.
“You did it!” yells Socrates.
“Yes, I made his brain cells seem very appealing to his fatty buttock cells and they made the electrons in his belly jealous, and they all had an…, you know, naughty naughty!”
“An orgy?” asks Socrates filling in the holes in the conversation.
“Yes!  They did it, you know?”
“Sex?” asks Socrates again.
“Yes!  An orgy!  And the brain cells reproduced exponentially, filling his lobes with tiny newborn neutrons, expanding his brain matter so large, as generations and generations of the fatty brain cells grew and reproduced, it couldn’t fit in his head!  Causing his brain to explode!”
Chase tears falling, cries, his loss, his friend gone.
Soc cannot undo death but can masquerade it with cheap perfume.  Chase feels a wave of sorrow, as Socrates, his own low sobs rising from out his throat, turns ‘on’ the bloody pulp.  Head smashed and chest bashed, Dead Freud, staggers.  He gets up and lurches towards the alcove far below.  Slogging and Stumbling, blood pouring out his eyes, he steers towards the iron wheel mechanism.  With what looks like a supreme effort he grabs hold of the wheel and turns it until the cage is on the ground.
Cheers at their freedom turn to grief when seeing the dead doc they weep and cry their loss.  Cradling the body of Freud, Soc and Chase, hand closing his eyes, drag the doctor to the edge of the refuse pile, and say their goodbyes.  “Your free,” says Socrates and pushes the body into the pit.
Soc strums a mandolin, playing a heart twang, a ringing sad song…..  a last crying sad goodbye, love you bye, well in sorrow, swell into tomorrow.
The throne room has a mirror in the middle of the room, a kaleidoscope effect, change as lights rise up and shine beneath the surface of the walls ceiling and floor.
“What do we do?”
“This is a portal, I think we just say where we want to go and enter it.” Says Einstein.
“That’s easy,” nods Socrates.
“You go first Chase.”
“I hope this works,” Chase a little skeptical says, “Take me to the Fires of Sain QueenBurger,” and then he closes his eyes and steps through the mirrors portal.

CHAPTER 39

Inside the QueenBurger of Sain Chase slowly awakes on top of a table top, near an uneaten burger.  Disorientation of color and light surrounds the objects nearest him, light invades the dark corner inside a potted plant and then rushes out overflowing and swallows the whole restaurant.  Faces jump into sight, bodies swept up in the rush of light, a salt shaker shoots up into the lower hemisphere then turns back and attacks, faces change, grow old and die, and return reborn.  Thoughts slip through the cracks of his mind.
“Who am I?  What do I want?”
Suddenly a man, who?  Who? Slaps Chase’s face, hard.
“Snap out of it man!  It’s me Socrates!  Get up, it’s a trap!  Dr. Wormpeeler found us and is mounting an invasion force, they want to steal all of the positive traits your unborn daughter Evening will inherit from you and Moon, two originals, and leave with them to another, foreign brain!  He already captured the brain while we were sleeping!  And we also found out Dr. Freud was a shoe salesman working for the other side the whole time!”  He points to his pointy alligator boots.
“A traitor?” says Chase, “No that can’t be!  I would know, he was loyal to our cause!  I am sure of it, maybe he was a triple agent shoe salesman?
“Well then check, do you have his third eye die and the brains?” asks Einstein.
Chase quickly unscrews the pickle jar and looks inside.  His mouth drops open and his heart skips a beat, “it’s empty!”  He begins to remember.  “We never left did we?” asks Chase very excitedly, “We never left but the brain is missing…  Dr. Freud was the last to have it, he was right here with them, he was here, right at this very table!”  says Chase.
“Well what did he do with it?”
“He replaced it… with a baked potato!  I am sure of it!  Lets see he bought a combo number....  what was it!  Combo number...?  oh yes, combo number 1383!  And he was about to be attacked…  I don’t think he had much time to hide them and we know the enemy didn’t get them or we wouldn’t be here, they would have won and we would be zombie sex slaves…  so..  what did he do with them?”
“What’s combo #1383? I have never tried that one yet.”
Chase looks up at the menu.
“Lets see combo #1383 is a baked potato and a strawberry chicken watermelon beef bubblegum sandwich!”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes!”
“Well then it’s so simple really.  He didn’t smuggle the brains out of here, he simply…” Socrates reaches under the tabletop and pulls up a rather stiff lime green pickle that is stuck beneath the table with a big ball of gum, “stuck it under the table with gum!”
“You mean…!” says Einstein.
“Yes, my friend the hunt is over, we won!”
“Just take it to the fires of…” Einstein examines the QueenBurger temple markings and artwork on the walls.  “Wait a cruel minute!”  he exclaims, “We are at the wrong QueenBurger, the one we need is two blocks that way!”
“What?  Quick we must go!”
“But we will have to make it past clearance, there’s a security checkpoint on the bridge!”
“Let me handle that,” says Socrates with a grin.  “No worries!  We are going to end this!”

CHAPTER 40

Halfway across the bridge they are stopped.
“What are you here for?  This area is off limits for secondary traits.”
“We represent our master’s pantyhose fetish,” says Socrates showing off his third eye die and paperwork, “as you must know a pantyhose fetish could be of life or death importance!”
“That’s low priority, we allow only major traits here.”
“Well yes of course,” says Socrates, he searches in his pocket and opens a pill vial and, pouring out a year’s pay in fish oil pills into the Security Guard’s cuffed hands, says “But I think you will agree, we do add a bit of hotness to the party.”
“Where’d you.. Wha..”
“Personally I enjoy a little black fishnet on a long sensual leg, perhaps even on a secretary’s...”
The guard smiles and gives Socrates a wink, “Yes, Yes, when you put it that way I see how very important a pantyhose fetish can be!” and the guard quickly pockets the fish oil pills, “Yes of course, come this way..”
Chase looks up as around them beams and staircases of light are leading up into rising starships launching off all points of the planet, Sain is crossing the path from spirit to flesh, he will invade the fetus of Chase’s daughter inside Moon’s womb and override her code.  His child will be born a demon, completely full of negative traits unless Chase can end this and put an end to Dr. Wormpeeler.
Chase sighs, “This is too hard,” he says, “why must it be so damn hard!  I’m not a fighter, how am I supposed to kill Wormpeeler and journey to the Fires of Sain to toss in our brain?  It seems impossible!”
“Don’t worry Chase!” yells Einstein from ahead of him as they jog, “Have Faith!”
“Yes Chase, and think, when was the last time you felt a tree’s embrace?  The sun from a million stars shine lovingly on your face?  Brush your teeth with a brush made from the fibers of some wild bugabuga bear beast?  Felt the ground with your hand as you walk down a woodland sandy swamp path leading inside Mother Nature’s vagina?”
 “Point taken.”
“Time grows short!  Quickly now!”

CHAPTER 41

After a short jog the fellowship of the brain group huddle in front on the main QueenBurger of Sain.  “This is it!” says Einstein.
“Good!”
“What are we waiting here for then?” asks Chase.
“This QueenBurger doesn’t open for another hour,” says Socrates.  “We have to wait.”
“Out here in the open like this?” Chase looks around at the manicured lawn and garden and bushes.
“Quick let’s hide behind those bushes!” says Einstein excitedly, “that way no one will see us!”
Chase, Socrates and Einstein go hide behind the bushes.  “I need to use the restroom,” says Einstein.
“Don’t worry there is a bathroom inside, we just must wait until it is open!”
Suddenly Chase sees a small party of Mon warriors march up the hill through the city of darkness, Sain, crossing the natural stone bridge to the forest and the ancestral burial grounds heading in their direction.  Along the way, on either side, they are impaling the lesser, unwanted, third eye die secondary trait owners.  They scream as they slowly descend sliding down the spears.  Their screams echo out from every side in pain and suffering as they die.
The Mon can be seen sacking the houses and mauling on the survivors, from all around, rumbling in victory and growling among each other as they fight one another for the best legs or arms ripping them off with the ribs of flesh.
Leading them is a familiar figure, not surprising, Dr. Wormpeeler laughs kicking a prisoner forward who is wearing a sack over his face, arms tied behind his back, “Well Chase, we are almost there, at your end, how does that make you feel?” says Dr. Wormpeeler, smirking with a long smile as he chuckles.
Chase, staring out from behind the shrubbery gets up and prepares to charge Dr. Wormpeeler, Socrates holds a hand out to stop him.  “See that prisoners alligator shoes?  And also, only one person I know has such an elaborately leather and lace clothes stitching.  That’s our Dead Dr. Freud!  Wait just a moment, I bet our good old friend Dr. Freud has a trick or two still left to play.  Trust in the process.  Have Faith, Ok?  Lets just watch for a second.”
Dr. Wormpeeler, kicks the Dr. Freud, with the canvas bag still over his head.  “Thought you could come strolling down the main ave with this stupid sack on your face Chase?” says Wormpeeler.
“He thinks that Dr. Freud is you,” says Socrates to Chase in a low whisper.
“I am going to impale you at the very QueenBurger you needed to go, to the very lips of your salvation,” says Dr.Wormpeeler, “too bad it will be you on the menu as QueenBurger combo #404!  Wait, let me take off your sack, Chase, I actually want to see your exact facial expression when we bring Moon’s sweet sweet ass over here in front of you, as you die impaled on a spear, and I don’t know, play merry go round and more round with her?  We have a big beef and bun special for her to ravage and enjoy, with all of todays QueenBurger customers?”
Dr. Wormpeeler removes the bag ugly off of Chase, then with a look of shock at a rotting face with one eyeball hanging out of its socket and a cracked head with dried gore and brains and blood scabs covering his open skull wounds, “What the?!  Dr. Freud?  You’re not Chase!  Wait!  Halt!  Orderlies!  Orderlies!  We’ve been tricked!”
Suddenly, Dr. Freud, a zombie, moaning, opens his horrible grotesque bloody mouth wide and wider in hysterical moaning laughter.  Dr. Wormpeeler, a look of horrid disgust he backs up, then pulling out a gun shoots Dr. Freud.
Dr. Freud keeps lurching forward, as Dr. Wormpeeler unloads his pistol into him.  Dr. Freud, mouth still wide open, smiles a grotesque smile and squeezing up out of his throat a bright yellow baby Troll shoots out of his mouth onto Dr. Wormpeeler’s face.
Dr. Wormpeeler screams as the Troll baby clings to Wormpeeler’s face.  The Troll baby bites into his head and blood squirts out.  The baby gnaws on Dr. Wormpeeler’s skull, the baby’s sharp teeth crush his forehead and eyes cave in.  The baby feeds on him, gnawing through his skull the baby munches on his brains, Dr. Wormpeeler screams in torture and dies.

CHAPTER 42

Chase clamors leaping over the service counter of the local Queenburger joint at corner of Main Street and Brain Lane in the town of Sain.
“Lot of history here,” says Socrates, “this is where it all happened, this is where you were conceived, this is the foundation of the very first QueenBurger ever built!”  Socrates is a good half step behind Chase, two large thick black arrows still imbedded in his armor puncture his shoulder and chest, a small congealed stream of blood is running down his side.  Einstein excuses himself and at the bathroom door, struggles with the door knob, he leaves a red blood streak on the door, his bloody hand has two halfway hacked off fingers.
Chase stares at the bun toaster oven, hesitating.
“Well do it boy,” says Socrates, smiling kindly between gasps of breath.  “Toss your brain in the fires of Sain.”
Chase looks at the toaster a little disappointedly.  “I really thought it would be a little more...”
“Yes?”
“Impressive or something?”
Howls from outside, closer, screams in the distance.
“Do it, do it now.  They shot you, this time enough Haldol to kill a mule, soon you will begin to forget...”
Chase sighs and reaches inside the pickle jar, he grabs the pickle and tosses it in the toaster oven.  He closes the door sealing the pickle into the fires of Sain.
Gasping in pain, Socrates body convulses, smoke comes out of his mouth and eyes, skin, popping, sizzles as his veins darken, patches of it crack, as he is burnt alive.  His lips smoldering  in a smile, skin melting off his bones, organs cooking beneath, he yells out, half scream of pain, half victory, “You... did it Chase!  I am so very proud of you son!  I love you!  Now your sane!”
“Wait...  what?  I’m what?”
“Your sane my son, always.....  were....” Socrates collapses, his body bursts into flame and he sags in a pile on the floor.
Chase turns, fresh tears in his eyes, he searches for Einstein and sees a pile of charred ash smoldering by the bathroom door.
In his mind he feels a global warming, an aligning of polar systems, as a wave of relief and serenity, a feeling of sanity comes rushing at him.  “What?  Where am I?  What is this nonsense?”  His eyes grow blurry, he sees a padded wall behind the scenery.  “Where am I?  In a padded cell?”
“The doctor will see you now.”  Says a woman in white, pushing a pill cart past him.
On the 33rd floor of his shrink’s office Chase continues, “Yes, you know doc, it is like I have awoken from a long, strange dream.  I actually thought I could talk to crickets and my brain was trapped in a jar, and all of this,” he sways his arms around, “was just a delusion.  My senses all lies!’
“Yes, I see.  You no longer are suffering.  You are in my care.  You must trust me.”
Chase sees the stuffed monkey he once called Professor Pickle Pots sitting on the top shelf, he is pleasently amused, “Boy I was out there wasn’t I?”
He sees three books removed from the shelf and on the Man in White’s desk, they are by Socrates, Einstein, and Dr. Freud.
 Chase says to the Doctor, while Chase glances at the Doctor’s paper certificates hanging on the walls.  “When was the last time you felt a tree’s embrace?  The sun from a million stars shine lovingly on your face?  Brush your teeth with a brush made from the fibers of some wild bugabuga bear beast?  Felt the ground with your hand as you walk down a woodland sandy swamp path in Mother Nature’s vagina?”
 “Oh, I don’t recall.” Says the Man in White.
“I feel so much more..”
“Yes?”
“Sane.”
“I see.”
Chase absently reaches into his pocket and, surprised, pulls out something hard and squishy.  It is a prune with a dab of what looks like bright red lipstick on it.  He remembers something.  Something..  what?  Yes!  is?  YEs!  It?  YES!  Oh, Yeah!
“I am sane right doc?”
“Yes you are sane.”
“I thought so you fucker.”
“What?  Why the hostility?”
“I am Sain.  I was Sain the whole time wasn’t I?  There is only one way for me to save Moon and our unborn child and keep the sickness from spreading, we are agents of the evil and you are looking for a host body to control, isn’t that right?  You played me the whole time, you bastard!   I am the agent of evil!  I am Sain!  There is only one thing I can do to save my girls!  I am going to destroy the evil Brain!”
Tears water in Chase’s eyes, filling his reservoirs, and roll down his cheek.
“My beautiful Moon.  My beautiful baby.”
“Hold on son, don’t do anything rash let’s talk about this, How does this make you feel?”
Chase sees two sun bleached white skeletal shells of crickets sitting on the window sill.  “I can no longer hear you because of that stupid shot they gave me, but I know you are with me!”
“What?  What?” The doctor pushes a button, “Orderlies!  Orderlies!”
Chase rises up and grabbing the stone bust of Dr. Freud off the Man in White’s desk he hurls it into the window smashing through it, and shattering the whole plane of glass.
“How does that make YOU feel?  You sack of shit!”  Says Chase.
“You can fly!  You can transform into your Raven Spirit!” says a tiny voice Chase recognizes immediately as Sugar Lips cricket’s ghost.
“Good to have you back!” yells Chase laughing.
“You can do it Chase, you must have faith!” says Professor Pickle Pots excitedly.
“Just a short hop skip and jump to the hospital room to see Moon!  Just hop out, you will be free!” yells out Socrates in victory.
Chase smiles laughing as he runs full throttle catapulting and dives head first crashing through the 33rd story window.  As Chase freefalls rapidly down he sees his feet shape shift into talons and hands merge into wings, he is free.

CHAPTER 43

Moon slowly awakes, her sister is sitting next to her, eyes puffy red and swollen from crying.
“Where am I?” asks Moon groggily
“Oh, Moon!  Yes!  Do you see me?  Can you talk?  You are at the Hospital,” says her sister, tears rolling down her cheek.
“What.. yes.. how.. why?”
“When you went in a comma they also discovered you had heart worms, you were going to die!”
“Oh…”  the impact hits her as she glances around, she sees all the bandages on her chest.
“How’s my baby?  Where’s Chase?”  she asks, “I had the strangest dream..”
Her sister suddenly sobs out of control making moaning sounds of suffering.
“The Doctor says your baby will be fine.. but Chase... Chase..”
“Sister, where is Chase?”  says Moon urgently.  “Tell me, I need to see…”
“He’s dead,” says Hailey.
“WHAT!  NO!”  all the color drains from her face, she feels a funny sensation in her heart, beating rapidly.
“He was at an mental institution and jumped out the window.”
“WHAT?  WHY?  YOU’re not serious are you, please tell me that..”
“He was trying to see you, but that’s not it.  He was on the donor list, his blood and organs, were found a compatible match for yours, the doctor says it was a miracle because you have a very unusual heart, one in a million, you only had less then a week to live..  they.. they put… you have Chase’s heart in you, it is a perfect match, his heart was transplanted into your chest.”
Moon sees her world fall apart and shatter on the hospital floor, she cries out in pain, and Hailey and Moon, embrace in sobs, tears choke out their eyes, a low moan of pain, as they struggle to breathe, only haggard gasps break out.
Outside a raven lands on a nearby tree branch.  It caws three times and makes the peace sign.  “Hey Babe!”

CHAPTER 44

The City of Lights glows and pulsates with giant beams connecting planets, feeding them mother’s milk, the yolk of life.  It is so beautiful as light rises out of ash and dust, renewed into something stronger and more beautiful than Gord, has ever seen.  Beautiful buildings intricately laced rise from the shores of rivers and oceans.  Stunning beauty as each grain of sand radiates the soul of mountains with such tiny detail shining, each brick is a brilliant fractal design of infinity, never ending, a living universe built with the mortar and metal of light, glass, sea shell and butterfly wings.
Gord watches this for a while, as galaxies are born, there is still a place where light cannot touch, a place where there are no stars in the sky, where only darkness exists.  Gord crosses the barriers between life and death, between space and time, he opens up all of the doorways at once and rushes through them.  His blood fills the veins and arteries of a new, uncorrupt universe,  anew heart.
“She will be born perfect,” he thinks, he has a chance of reaching godhood, of being master and owner of all, he would have the power to control everything, he would be God.  All is ready, Sain is defeated, the new babe will be born a girl.
Gord teleports to a tiny dark moon orbiting a shattered chasm of scorched rock, he takes the image of a simple weak man and walks up to a familiar tree. He touches it and feels his fingers sink into its warm lips, he opens up its soul mouth and enters it with just enough strength, he pulls open the prison door to his wife, and quickly enters as the portal closes behind him.
“Gord?  Dear!   Don’t!  Oh, you dummy!  Now you will be trapped here with me unable to...”
“Shhhhh…” says Gord with a smile inbetween kisses.
“Awww you dirty dog, I haven’t felt this way for a millennium!  “Gord, my love, my thorn” Even says with a smile, “Now we are both trapped her in this tree prison, what now?”
“Prison my dear?” says Gord, “You are my salvation, at last we are together again, although not exactly as I had planned.  The freedom to journey to the ends of the earth and have the entire galaxy of universes and all the power that comes with it, is nothing without you.  You are my soul!  My rose!”
“Ahh.. my thorn, my heart, who will come rescue us now you dumbass... hah!”
“You are my eternity, I’d much rather be trapped in this tomb with you, then have the whole universe to rule and you be lost to me in slumber.  Hell spent with you is joy to be trapped in.”
“Come here!” says Even, voice lingering, hands exposing her naked lips, as she turns, their bodies connect in a spiral of tree rings.  Grabbing hold of her volcanic wormhole and spreading it open as she fires out burning suns, climatically, exposed and vulnerable to his touch, his tap root, after a quick search, enters her soul mouth from all directions and plants its trunk inside her pumpkin patch and celery stick garden.  She, keeping it wide for him, distributes the inner batter of her warm oven walls of cake, and bakes the yolk of lesser soul systems inside herself into his wooden steer tree dream walker army.  Across the universe the solar plexus of native rapture goddesses, lives spent in wait and pledged for this exact moment, pledged to him with their lives dedicated in worship, their bread offering boxes burst under the full moon, burning in anxious relief as their orgasmic release ruptures over him in blanket upon blanket of explosions.  She opens up her halo letting him enter inside herself again.  They bond for the first time in an eternity of life spans.
“What are you getting into?” asks Gord lightly, “trouble I’d say, or maybe…”
Even smiles laughing, his first pick up line from before the universe began, “Hah ha you dumbass!  You know I’ve been a baaaaad girl!  Sweep me off my feet again, What am I getting into my thorn?   You know already,” she smiles sheepishly divine, “your favorite my Sheppard, I am getting into a sheep costume!”

The End
###
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, Please, take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer.   My other books are, Sound of Mind – Adventures in Schizophrenia, A Hole without Walls, Tree Womb, Prison of the Gods - Your Mind is the Key, and Agent For Hope.

Thank You and Enjoy!

Professor Mustard 

