






Seeking: Warrior King



The Seeking Series
Book 1



D.R. Grady



Seeking: Warrior King


With her beloved mother dying, Crown Princess Raene of Montequirst must prepare to be queen and choose a husband within hours of the death. By law, he must be the greatest warrior in the land. The only man who fits that description, who she can tolerate, is her friend and mentor, Vidar the Loyal. He’s a member of the elite Aasguard warriors, who have never married in their centuries of existence.

While the mightiest men of the nation circle Raene in an attempt to boost their own rank and wealth, a neighboring country is also making plans against Montequirst. With the aid of his clumsy dragon companion, Vidar has been teaching Raene to wield her legendary sword in order to defend her throne. Meanwhile, they’re both battling an attraction neither understands. 

Can they possibly break the age-old traditions that bind them and choose their heart’s desire?




This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, and incidents are all products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

If you enjoy this book, please buy a copy for someone else to enjoy. Please do not download or buy this from anywhere except where the story is offered legitimately. All rights reserved - including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form.

Copyright 2018 by D.R. Grady
Smashwords Edition

Thank you

A sincere and hearty thank you to all of you who have been pulling for this book and have expressed your eagerness to read it. Your support and encouragement mean so much to me. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart! D.R. Grady
Chapter 1

Melodious laughter rang through the dining hall. Amid the clink of silverware on dinner plates, a discordant note penetrated Princess Raene of Montequirst’s haze of happiness. Her table occupants didn’t appear to notice the disharmony.
Yet the sounds of merriment died in her throat as her heart constricted and out of instinct, Raene glanced toward the head table. To where her mother, the Queen of Montequirst, held court to her advisers. The Duke of Larkswallow sprang to his feet, not quite as spry as he’d like people to believe, as the Duke of Lockwillow caught the queen when her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she crumpled.
A horrified gasp ripped from Raene’s throat as she thrust her napkin aside to dart across the hall. A bevy of healers barred her way. “You must not, Princess. Please allow us to attend to her first.”
Ariadne, an elderly healer who had been born long before the queen, held on to Raene’s arms, eyes boring directly into hers. “She would not wish for you to also fall ill.”
“She’s ill?”
The healer tipped her head forward ever so slightly. “It appears this is so. We must examine her thoroughly. Once we ascertain what has befallen her, we shall send for you.”
The soup and salad they’d been served thus far lurched in Raene’s stomach. Her heart raced, as dizziness threatened to overtake her. The clatter of the diners halted, and now the colors and scents smeared into a dissonant, aching montage.
A kind hand stroked over her trembling arm. “We shall examine her immediately. There are viruses always circulating.” Ariadne’s voice was soothing, calm, and in direct contrast to Raene’s inability to form a sentence, much less a coherent thought.
She nodded, desperately trying to swallow the large lump in her throat. The healer’s hand gripped her own with surprising strength as Ariadne offered an abbreviated curtsy before she left the room at a stately pace.
Heart still pounding, as sweat dotted her spine, Raene stared after the healer, unable to determine what to do.
The two dukes circled the dining hall to answer questions, with what little knowledge they possessed. Still, one of them gestured to the waiting attendants to continue serving the meal. Few appeared to have an appetite however.
Raene couldn’t possibly swallow with the huge knot in her throat, so she exited the room, wishing to leave the entire scene behind. She retreated to the chamber she and her mother spent much of their time in the evenings. The airy sitting room had been decorated with feminine tastes in mind, with daintier furniture and softer colors.
“Will she be all right?” Stefana, Raene’s best friend, inquired as soon as she joined her. A dark haired, dark eyed beauty, Stefana offered a measure of comfort with her very presence.
“I don’t know. They haven’t ascertained what caused her to collapse.”
Stefana made a pained noise in the back of her throat. Raene concurred. There was nothing they could do, but she couldn’t remain seated. Traversing the room from one end to the other, she spun to retrace her steps. Her elaborate court gown rasped against the furniture.
Her mind didn’t clear, but the physical activity helped her to process her mother’s collapse. A frown creased Stefana’s forehead, but she didn’t utter her thoughts.
The clock in the corner mocked them as the hands crept around the face. The fire died to faint embers. Her stomach remained leaden as she stopped in front of the fading fire.
It reminded Raene of her mother. A brilliant, beautiful flame, slowly being snuffed out. Reduced to a mere flicker of what she had been.
I am being morbid, Raene chided herself. With no diagnosis, she had no cause to think this. Although by now, shouldn’t they have heard something?
Stefana shivered, wrapping her arms tightly around herself. Raene’s entire body had goosebumped and she suppressed a matching shiver. She crossed the room to the crystal panel. After a brisk tap, she waited for a chambermaid to appear.
“You summoned me, princess?” But the maid gasped when she spotted the fire. “You should have called long before now.”
Raene hoped her words weren’t a prophecy.

Margina, the Queen of Montequirst, lay pale and lifeless against the white sheets of her royal bed. Her skin contained so little color, Raene’s heart skittered.
“Mama?”
The blue eyes she knew well flickered, then opened. More life swirled here, but the glow within had waned.
Raene tensed. She paced to the bed to stare at the woman who meant everything to her.
“I’m here, my Raene.” The voice that answered was so thin Raene winced.
Lowering herself to the bed, she took her mother’s soft hand in hers. As delicate and warm as always, but Margina’s grip lacked strength.
What could have stolen her vigor so quickly?
Do you truly wish to know that answer? A voice asked deep within Raene’s mind. Her spine stiffened as she gaped at the shrunken form of her mother.
“What do the healers believe you have?”
“I do not believe they know as of yet.”
Not a reassuring answer. The back of her throat burned. “Do you need anything?”
“No, love. I have all I require.” Contentment lined her mother’s face as her eyes closed and she dropped into sleep. Her hand loosened around Raene’s, then flailed to the mattress.
Raene’s heart leapt into her throat as her fingers rose to cover her mouth. This can’t be happening.
The queen was still young. She surely had plenty more years to reign.
Raene rose from the bed, carefully, so the gentle movement of the mattress didn’t hinder the rest of her sleeping mother. Fist pressed against her trembling lips, she took in the woman lost in dreams.
Raene began her search for a healer and some answers immediately upon leaving her mother’s bedchamber.
It took close to an hour before she located one in the laboratory at the back of the castle.
“Morgan, what is happening with my mother? What does she suffer from?”
The young man glanced up from the glass beaker in front of him. “We do not know, Princess Raene.”
Rearing back, she frowned at him. He wouldn’t meet her eyes. “As in you’re still attempting to figure this out? Or you don’t know? Or you’re not telling me?”
“As in we don’t know because we are still working out this puzzle, child.” Ariadne’s calm voice answered instead of the near-cowering Morgan.
Relief crossed his face as he kept his attention on the potion making process in front of him.
“Will my mother recover from whatever ails her?”
Unlike Morgan, Ariadne had no trouble meeting her eyes. Her gaze remained clear and direct. “We do not know, Raene. Once we do, we shall inform you. Right now there aren’t enough symptoms to determine her ailment.”
Ariadne squared her shoulders. “You may be assured we will offer her the very best care possible.”
Raene’s throat tightened and the pain increased. Additional sweat beaded along her spine while her nape hairs rose.
“Thank you, Ariadne.”
“You are welcome, child.” A kind, well worn hand rested on her arm. “We love her too.”
Some of the ache in Raene’s throat eased. But she couldn’t speak through the lump there. Instead she nodded and blinked back the storm of tears.
The hand on her arm squeezed before the healer turned away. Raene left the laboratory, stumbling into the hall, her mind blank.
What could she do? There seemed to be nothing to do for her mother. Nothing. This sliced through her like a rapier through flesh.
Trudging through the hallways of the only home she had ever known, Raene eventually found herself outside her bedchamber door. She opened the barrier, entering the room she had slept in since birth. Her mother dreamed only one door down.
Pacing to her bed, she slumped onto it and gazed into the fireplace embers. They were banked, because she didn’t spend time here during the day.
She hung her head as a tiny flame deep within her flickered to life. Barely a spark, but it awakened.
Her eyes bounced around the room as she resisted the urge to curl up on her bed, or better yet, hide under it as she had done as a child. 
Her restless gaze snagged on what lay beyond her bed.
A large chest, simple in design and materials, had been a gift from her parents upon her fifteenth year. Her mother, smiling and mysterious, had given her the chest, mentioning that it had belonged to an ancestress of theirs.
Raene had been told nearly since birth that her auburn hair, blue eyes, and petite stature were inherited from this ancestress. Queen Bronwyn had been a mighty queen, who still enjoyed legendary status in Montequirst.
Sliding off the bed, Raene eased open the heavy lid to reveal the treasures she had collected over the ensuing years. Scrabbling to the bottom, near the back, lay one such treasure she had shoved there after the sudden death of her father. Grappling through the contents, her fingers finally brushed against supple leather. It shot bittersweet memories through her.
The rectangular shape was right, so she grasped it tighter to heave the weighty package from the depths.
Dull metal and bright gemstones greeted her as she grasped the hilt and removed the heavy sword from the protective scabbard. It fit her hand perfectly, just as it always had. This sword, and the chest, had belonged to the same legendary ancestress, but Raene didn’t know how to use Driies with the same dexterity as the sword’s previous owner. Queen Bronwyn had been feared in lands far beyond Montequirst’s queendom. She had wielded this sword with knowledge, skill, and daring. Provided all those fairy-tales told to Raene as a child had been true.
The little flicker inside her burned with intensity, rushing through her to spark where her hand curled around the hilt of the sword. The internal flame lit the metal and caused the gems to glow.
She needed to learn far more about this beautiful heirloom. In order to do so, she required practice and additional training. From someone whose skill was so great she didn’t have to fear him accidentally harming her. As far as she knew, only one warrior in all of the land fit this description.
The flickering light of the sword in her hand propelled her to her wardrobe where she exchanged her court attire for more appropriate training garb. Finally, Raene strapped the sword around her waist. Then, with a deep breath, she left her bedchamber to duck into one of the many secret passages dotting the castle.
She took the path that led down. Into the very bowels of her home. It was here where her mother stored her personal treasures. Known as the Queen’s treasury, her crowns, jewels, coins, and other wealth were protected by a warrior only ever whispered about.
Deep within the castle where it was rumored a dragon slept. Raene had never been here before, but the gleam of her sword led the way. A knot jammed into her throat. With her mother so ill...
She cut off those dangerous thoughts.
Chapter 2

Word had only just been relayed to him that the queen appeared to be ill before the first one arrived. Attired in the court dress of a gentleman, with a shiny sword and tall boots, the man rounded the corner.
Vidar’s hand already rested on his sword hilt as he straightened to his full height. The newcomer eyed him with a modicum of trepidation.
“State your business.”
“I have come for the treasure.” The little man said this with the pompous certainty of one used to being obeyed.
“All here belongs to the queen.”
The gentleman wore a fussy mustache, rounded at the ends. His hair was greased back from his forehead and his clothing, including an intricate neck cloth, were immaculate. He intended to fight in such garb?
Vidar resisted the urge to snicker.
“The queen isn’t going to exist for much longer.”
His heart thumped. To hear such news, in such a disparaging manner, pumped adrenaline into Vidar’s bloodstream. “She is your queen.”
“Not for long.”
“Her daughter will rule in her stead.”
The man who fancied himself a gentleman straightened. “Yes, and she is of age.”
“Of age for what?”
“She must choose a husband immediately upon her mother’s passing. Which appears to be impending.” The man tugged on his mustache as though he contemplated helping along the queen’s demise.
Spine straightening another notch, Vidar didn’t bother to halt a vicious snarl.
The little man’s eyes widened and he took a hasty step backward. He nearly tripped over his shiny boots in his haste. Then he straightened his narrow shoulders and contemplated Vidar with a little more respect.
“If the queen dies, then her treasure is available to whoever reaches it first.” So much pseudo-justification threaded the words, Vidar’s hand tightened around his sword hilt.
“The treasure belongs to the royal family. If the queen dies, it reverts to her daughter.” He growled this because the urge to rip the man’s head off was fast becoming a terrible temptation.
“Right.” The man squeaked and made a hasty exit.
Vidar rumbled again.

The next man to step into the large cavern did so with more caution. He paused when he spotted Vidar. “You are a warrior.” His voice was far lower than the first visitor. He stood taller and lacked the previous man’s greasiness.
His much less decorous sword likely had been proved long ago. “As are you.” Credit had to be given where due.
“I am. But not to your caliber.”
“I am Aasguard.”
The man’s head dipped in respect. “So it is true.” This he said more to himself. Then he peppered Vidar with impressive questions about fighting.
Never once did his hand shift toward his sword hilt, nor did his body language indicate he came prepared to attack.
“What was your purpose in coming here?” Vidar questioned when the warrior finally turned to exit the cavern. For the first time that he could remember, he couldn’t read someone’s intention.
“The queen’s illness has not been yet determined, but she is ill.” Genuine sorrow interwove this statement.
“That does not answer my question.”
The warrior looked at him as though he’d been living in a box. Technically, Vidar did. A spacious stone one, but a box nonetheless.
“Upon her ascension to the throne, our queen took a husband. A warrior to protect her.”
Vidar had witnessed that. “Yes.”
“If our queen passes, her daughter takes the throne. She will likely also be required to take a husband.” The man offered a warrior’s bow before exiting the cavern on silent feet.
After he left, Vidar realized the warrior hadn’t answered his question. 

He had little time to catch his breath before the next man stalked into the cavern. This one came with sword in hand, a snarl on his face, and liquor on his breath.
A shadow lurked behind him, a friend or comrade.
The astringent cloud surrounding him made Vidar’s eyes water. One blow against the man, and he toppled. The cavern took care of him, as it always did.
The man waiting in the shadows jumped into the battle next, and he hadn’t been indulging. No alcohol cloud surrounded him, but the fever in his eyes told a different story. By the first clang of metal on metal, Vidar had assessed the man’s strengths and weaknesses.
The defeat of this opponent produced an unexpected yawn. He pondered a hot beverage, preferably caffeinated.
Again, the cavern cleared itself. After these two, a steady stream of treasure seekers offered up a diversion for a time and kept him from that beverage. As the grunts and cries of defeat rang through the cavern, he wondered at the extent of the queen’s debilitation.

The path proved rocky in places, smooth in others, and then around the next bend, treacherous as well. Raene climbed over several rock falls and squeezed through a space that had collapsed. She made a note to have this path cleared immediately. They needed ready access to the treasury at all times.
She turned a corner into a space she thought she’d never been. Yet that wasn’t so. Raene had visited with her parents, once, as a child. Even after seeing twenty-five summers, this place looked as large and grand as she remembered.
Then it had been cavernous, and today, the echoing largeness had not changed. She blinked in the wake of such majesty as the rocky ceiling towered taller than the trees outside. Larger than the park within the castle grounds but stark, despite the wash of colors from the various granite and marble slabs that had been carved out to create this chamber.
And there standing in front of one solid wall stood the reason she had come. Although not anywhere near as tall as the ceiling, he did not appear diminutive within the echoing space. One did not call an Aasguard warrior small.
They were broad, muscular, with the strength of three men or more. No one actually knew, as their strength wasn’t quantifiable. An Aasguard did not cease fighting until the fighting ceased. He kept on until all foes were vanquished. While not immortal, it was difficult to kill an Aasguard.
This specimen would be considered short at only six and a half feet in height. He made up for this in sheer immensity of chest, arms, and tree-trunk-sized thighs. No one would make the mistake of calling him handsome in the typical sense, although her heart did pound an extra beat or two. As though hewn from the same granite as the stones around them, this warrior was as solid and dependable.
Ever alert, an Aasguard required little to function while on duty. As far as she knew, this one had been standing at his post since her mother was crowned the Queen of Montequirst. Raene hesitated before venturing closer.
The long sword at his side nearly matched her height. She gulped and contemplated fleeing in the same direction she had come. The image of her mother, bedridden now, and Raene’s inability to prevent her suffering, made her straighten her shoulders and continue her approach.
“Come no further.” The command was uttered in the graveled tones of two rocks rubbing together.
It sent a skitter of something other than fear down her spine. She stepped closer.
Indeed, nothing could have prevented her from doing so.
The warrior straightened his massive length. “This is forbidden.” His inflection didn’t change, but his burning silver eyes pierced her. They glowed as though they saw far more than the outward. A shiver undulated down her spine.
He squared his shoulders, hand resting on his sword hilt, on the balls of his feet.
His shadow is bigger than me.
Her second gulp was audible.
Yet if she didn’t set her course now... Retreat ceased to be an option, despite the way her heart pounded too loudly in her ears.
Eyes narrowing, Raene drew her sword. Although she hadn’t practiced nearly like she should have, the weapon flowed from the sheath with deadly precision. 
The warrior sighed deep. When he drew his sword, the echo of metal on old leather made sweat pool along her spine. His hand clasped the hilt with practiced ease, as though sword and hand were one.
By the time he countered her opening thrust, her heart had jumped into her mouth.
Fighting in this manner is beyond us, her inner voice yelped. This is a true warrior. We cannot hope to battle this one and win.
But she gritted her teeth and parried his forward blow. I am not here to win. Not at this juncture. The need to defend herself, to learn all she could, set her jaw.
Perhaps I am a novice, but we continue, she stated in determined tones to her skeptical self. This needed doing, so they would do it.
His lazy counter sent pain ricocheting up her arm. She breathed through the pain, and offered up her best defensive move. While clumsy and weak, she did remain on her feet.
The only advantage she had proved to be her size. The delightful muscles bunching and releasing with his every movement were pretty, but their sheer girth proved a hindrance to him.
She ducked under his sword and jabbed with a small dance that came naturally to her.
He backpedaled to block the blow, but it had been close. He eyed her with a tinge of respect.
Although both knew she was not up to his skill in any way.
When he didn’t pierce her with the sharp end of his sword for the second time, she realized he had another advantage. He had no intention of killing her. Even though he was supposed to.
Wiping away the blinding sweat, she stumbled a few steps back to peer up into his face.
“You know who I am.”
“Princess Raene.” His bow was courtly and proper. No emotion colored his tone. His silver eyes flashed with the same sheen of the sword at his side. 
Her heart dropped. But nothing swirled in those mercurial depths to indicate he planned to halt their sport. Hand tightening around the hilt, she raised her sword to prepare for the continuation of their faux battle.
As he wielded his own sword, she memorized the movement, the way his muscles pulled and tightened. The action he used to counter and thrust.
Her memory and then subsequent practice might very well save her life if the future laid itself out in the manner she feared.
Now was not the time to fret. If she didn’t keep her head, this could turn out bad. As in bloody bad.
She feinted to the left, spun, and countered his forward thrust. The clang and reverberations made her teeth clench to prevent herself from crying out. The repercussion continued through her body for far too long, an endless cycle.
Changing her grip on the sword, she thrust, but his counter was so fast, she never saw it. His defensive action set her on her bottom. Pain erupted through her tail bone into her back, but she shoved to her feet, and danced out of range of that slashing blade. 
He watched her closely, but it certainly didn’t stem from fear. At least not fear of her harming him. Her heart sank, because he fought as though to ensure she did not become seriously injured. The goal in sword fighting was to aim for the head or torso. The kill zones.
She did so.
He did not.
His blows hit her weapon, but not the edge, where it would dull or nick the blade. Only a tiny fraction of warriors could accomplish this feat with such success.
Her throat worked to clear the large knot there, as she parried, but it soon became apparent he would not injure her. No matter what she did, but then she was a tiny mouse battling a war horse.
Raene sheathed her sword. Then she bowed to her opponent, who slid his mighty sword into the scabbard. He in turn bowed to her. His dark hair gleamed in the overhead lighting. Those silver eyes tracked her every movement.
Heart racing, she exited the same way she had come, aware the tears deep inside had lessened. Her mother was dying. No one had admitted this thus far, but Raene felt it to her very core.
Their talented, knowledgeable healers could do nothing for her, much less could Raene, who possessed no healing skills whatsoever. Therefore, Raene’s future, which loomed with no clarity, was at least not so murky now. Coming here, to learn how to fight, to defend her position, was exactly what she needed.
She wanted to turn and thank the warrior again, but she didn’t give in to the temptation.

The huge black dragon lumbered from the inside cavern Vidar protected. He tripped over two of his four feet. Right now he resembled a brontosaurus sized iguanodon with leathery wings. In battle, his horns and spikes, which he revealed when he needed them, often came as a shock to their opponents.
“So, that’s the queen’s grown daughter.” Aern stared after the princess, a gleam in his crystalline green eyes that caused Vidar’s nape hairs to stir.
“Yes.” His response was shorter than it should have been.
Aern’s scaled face flashed with mischief. “And you lit up like I’ve never seen you do before.” His tail slashed at some stalagmites, and rocked the entire cavern.
Vidar rode out the vibrations and sighed. “I did not.”
The sound that emerged from Aern’s throat made Vidar glance at him in concern. “Are you well?”
“Sorry, I haven’t laughed in centuries. It felt good.” Aern tripped over the other two feet.
“Sit down before you topple the entire place.”
His companion’s resulting snort charred a different stalagmite. “I’ve never caused true destruction.”
“Romaldin, 1410. We weren’t asked to leave the city.” 
“That structure wasn’t built properly, everyone knew that.”
“It’s true the courthouse shouldn’t have toppled so fast, but it was your fault.”
“Oh please, it was only a matter of time before that building collapsed.” Aern did sit finally.
Vidar stopped holding his breath.
“So the princess, she’s both attractive and gutsy.”
And he commenced holding it again. He had no response to Aern’s digging.
“Couldn’t help but notice her sword and striking resemblance to a warrior queen we once knew.” The dragon’s voice took on a musing quality. His tail flicked, as though he was enjoying himself.
“Yes, she was definitely using Driies. And she does resemble Bronwyn.” No denying this, and Aern would have plenty to say if Vidar prevaricated.
“Legend said she’d be back.”
“The woman fighting with me today was not Bronwyn.” Of this he was certain.
“’Course not. Bronwyn would have kicked your hide from here to Atlas.”
“Atlas doesn’t exist anymore.”
Aern sat up abruptly. “Really? When did that happen?”
“I told you of its collapse into the Nesslock sea over a century ago.”
“A century ago I was battling scale rot, remember?”
“You only complained about it every hour on the hour.”
“Scale rot is uncomfortable. That’s why I forgot about Atlas. I’m very sad to hear about it.” Aern rose to all four feet, and didn’t stumble once. “What became of their dragon, Fricassa?”
“I don’t know. It happened so quickly, they had little time to react.” He did wonder about their fate, although he never had heard the name of Fricassa’s Aasguard warrior. Even if he didn’t know the warrior, Vidar would be saddened to learn of his demise. Mother Nature, unlike mankind, was perfectly capable of destroying an Aasguard.
Aern turned, nimbly for him, only taking out a stalactite and chipping a stalagmite in the process.
“What are you doing?”
Tail swishing from side to side, Aern paced from one end of the cavern to the other. “I’d like to know what happened to Fricassa.”
“If it means so much to you, we’ll send out an inquiry.” He should have done this years ago. It would ease his own fears.
“Really? Can we do so right now?” Eagerness, for the first time Vidar could remember in decades, radiated from Aern.
“Yes.” He paced to their crystal console, embedded in a cavern wall. These crystal communication devices hadn’t been around back when Atlas fell. Some crystal “wizards” had created these tools within this century, or the previous, he couldn’t recall. They had been improving them ever since.  
His model blended perfectly with the cavern so unless you knew the crystal was there, you’d never notice it. He tapped out a message to a few old friends. “If anyone knows of their fate, we’ll discover it.”
Aern sat again. “Thank you, Vidar.”
“You’re welcome.” He sent off the inquiry and then made certain the dragon’s bottom actually had made contact with the marble floor.
It had. Even Aern’s tail remained still at the moment. “So Princess Raene is going to rival Bronwyn?”
“She is comfortable with Driies. And she’s left-handed, which gave Bronwyn an advantage.”
“The princess didn’t seem very knowledgeable.” Aern’s green eyes focused on the wall opposite them.
“Nor was Bronwyn, at first.”
Another snort didn’t char anything, since Aern had settled nearly in the middle of the cavern. “Not until you taught her.”
“I didn’t. My mentor did.”
Aern’s frown could have blistered the wall. “I thought you taught her?”
“I remember them practicing together, but I wasn’t grown yet.”
“So she was older than you?”
“By a year or more.”
“Women do mature faster than men.” Aern tried to look wise.
“People tend to mature faster than dragons.” Vidar guffawed as he breezed out of range of Aern’s dragonfyre.
“You’re not funny.”
Chuckles increasing, Vidar returned to his post by the entrance to the treasure trove. Where, if someone managed to best him, which was unlikely, they then encountered Aern. If they defeated Vidar, Aern, his faithful companion for over a millenia, would be a trifle testy.
“I believe we can expect some interesting things from our newest princess.”
Darting a quick look at the musing dragon, Vidar couldn’t fathom any explanation for why his heart lurched.
Chapter 3

“Mama, you aren’t dying. Surely you’re wrong.” Despair, interwoven with threads of desperation, tore through her. This couldn’t be true. Raene had known, deep inside, but so long as no one confirmed her suspicions, her mother’s impending death wasn’t real.
Her mother took her hand. The Queen’s was cool and a little clammy. Alarm spiraled through Raene. The usual softness and warmth of this beloved hand were absent.
“I have blue fever. You know there is no cure for this. It has long plagued many in our land and beyond. Why should I be any different?”
“You’re the queen.” Yet Raene’s protest meant nothing. Blue fever was no respecter of persons. It affected all people, no matter their station, strength, or habits. And so called because it turned the sufferer blue from lack of oxygen before suffocating them.
A nasty, horrible illness, of which there was no escape. Raene’s stomach clenched as she struggled not to think on how much her beloved mother would suffer before she died. Then emptiness filled her at the thought of her mother no longer in her life.
“Blue fever cares not of a person’s station in life.” The queen brushed tendrils of silver streaked red hair off her pale forehead. “I am weary after losing your father. It is time I go to him.”
So I must lose both parents? She’d already lost her father and that had been nearly unbearable. At least she still had her mother though. Now . . . The hollow feeling expanded. “But then I’ll be alone.”
Regret creased Margina’s face. “Yes, and that is the only reason why I am resistant of leaving you, my love.” The cool hand tightened briefly on hers.
With far less strength than the day before. Her heart sank. Here was more evidence of illness, in addition to the new lines etched in her mother’s previously vibrant face.
“I’m not old enough to rule.” A ridiculous protest and it made her sound like the child she was not.
Her mother’s face softened.  “You are more than capable.” The luminous blue eyes Raene had inherited glowed with an otherworldly brightness, much like the silver ones she had recently encountered. “Yours will become the strongest nation in the world.” Margina spoke in a voice Raene had never heard before.
“Mama?”
The blue eyes cleared as her mother blinked. “Yes, sweet?”
“Are you all right?” Dubiousness clouded the question.
The hand she knew well stroked down her face. “Oh yes. Soon I’ll be with your father.” Her eyes fluttered shut as she dropped abruptly into sleep. The queen’s breathing was labored as the disease slowly filled her lungs.
Rising unsteadily, Raene headed to the door in the far wall. Leaving her mother in the care of several qualified healers, all of whom stopped her for a hug, she soon hurried to her bedchamber.
Driies awaited there, no longer concealed in the chest at the foot of her bed. No, the sword now gleamed from a hanger on the wall. The clothing needed to learn the art of sword play lay on a stand beside it in a neat pile. It took long moments to change out of the attire appropriate for attending the dying queen.
Her stomach protested this thought with a nausea-inducing roll. Shoving her chaotic thoughts aside, Raene donned the trousers and tunic required for the fight ahead.
Aggression streaked through her body, rippling her muscles as her jaw ached. She could do nothing to combat the illness intent on stealing her mother away. Loneliness reached out to ensnare her.
She snatched Driies off the wall and stalked out of the bedchamber. Today there was no hiding her actions. The sword caught plenty of attention from those she passed in the hallway.
No one stopped her. No one questioned her.
To a man, woman, and child, they all bowed their heads as she marched past. They had already heard there was no hope for the current queen. Sorrow welled so deep in her heart, Raene nearly stumbled, but she refused to allow it to overtake her.
Not now. Someday in the present, this grief was her future. She would endure it then. But now, she would perform a last service to her mother. To the woman who had given her life, an education to rival any man’s, and all the love welling within Margina’s small body.
Raene had little to offer this amazing woman. Yet she would give what she had. She would give her best.
Boot heels ringing on the stones lining the hallways, she headed for the bowels of the castle again.

The Aasguard warrior didn’t comment when she rounded the corner. His silver eyes swept over her before he nodded to himself at the same time as he unsheathed the massive sword at his side. His impressive muscles grew taut as he redistributed his weight to the balls of his feet.
She stopped before him, and her heart wrenched at the matching sorrow in his eyes. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she forced away all emotion. The deepening sense of loss, hopelessness, fear, and finally, the anger that bubbled under all those other simmering emotions.
Instead, she reclaimed Driies, the magnificent sword hissing in triumph as it cleared the scabbard. It shone in the overhead light, sending a firestorm of sparks across the chamber, as though taunting the foe.
Only there was no foe here. Only a man who felt as she did. Who somehow understood why she had come, and what she needed. He didn’t ask a bevy of questions. He didn’t taunt her as a few of the warriors in her mother’s court had taken to doing.
Bawdy language she wasn’t familiar with, but the context provided enough hints nevertheless. As though she would choose one of them to protect her once her mother passed.
Denial rose like a striking predator, and she slashed through it to instead focus on the warrior waiting patiently for her. He didn’t go on the offense with her, but instead waited for her to take the initiative.
Her opening might have made most fighters wince, but he was too polite to do so. Instead he blocked her with all the skill in the universe. Or so it seemed. She parried, but he deflected with more grace and efficiency than any one man should possess.
His next counter to her thrust sent a reverberation up her arm and into her shoulder. It carried the promise of pain. She firmed her jaw, and kept watch for openings. 
The hope was to foil his defenses, but this warrior wasn’t human any longer. At least from what her parents had explained about Aasguard warriors throughout the years.
He had been born human, but now after extensive training and a gradual metamorphosis, had become something more. Far more, better than a human, as he sent her skittering away from his gleaming sword.
Unlike Driies, his did shine as bright as new silver in the overhead flood of light. Not new, but kept in such condition by a man who might be a little fastidious.
Raene allowed a small smile. She liked that in a man. He caught her smile.
“My princess smiles during the battle?”
She backed off for a moment. This allowed her time to catch her breath. “Your sword is very shiny.”
He didn’t glance at the weapon. “Of course.” A tinge of arrogance threaded his response.
The escaping laughter felt good. “Thank you.” She barely managed a whisper.
A shared slight bow acknowledged more than either of them could have hoped to express.
“I feel the same, my lady.”
The same lump shot into her throat again, but she swallowed it, lifting her sword once more.
In the manner of all warriors, he entered the battle with her again as though their small intermission had never been. He warded off each of her blows, fielding her defensive and offensive measures with lazy strokes that only added to his legendary status.
By the time her entire being ached from the exercise and she was coated in sweat, she finally stuffed Driies back into the sheath and eyed her opponent.
“You have not even broken a sweat.” More than a little accusation infused her words.
He allowed a faint smile. “You’ve done all the work.”
She scowled. “I did notice that.”
“’Tis the way of the student.” His mercurial eyes glowed for the space of three pants on her part. “You still have much to learn. Yet you have already advanced since our last session.”
“I have?”
“Oh yes. You are a novice, indeed. But you are a more advanced novice now.”
“How is that possible?”
His eyes gleamed. “There are some who are natural born warriors. You appear to be ranked within that number.”
Warmth flooded her. “Thank you.”
He bowed. “It is only the truth.”
It didn’t seem right that this man bowed to her. His knowledge exceeded hers—in everything.
“Something is bothering you?” His deep, gravely voice sent more warmth through her. Yet not a type of warmth she had ever encountered before.
“You are Aasguard.”
“Yes.” No pride or arrogance threaded his answer.
“Therefore, your place in life is far superior to mine.”
His forehead furrowed. “You are of royal bloodlines. You are the crown princess of this nation.”
“So?”
“Royalty is far above everyone else.”
She snorted. Her mother would have winced and then corrected her on such unladylike behavior. “I was born into a royal family. You were also born into the elite ranks of your profession. Yet you have also been specially trained and molded to be what you are today. You have put in the time to become the most elite of warriors. Therefore, you are at least on the same level as me.”
“I do not understand.”
“You, an Aasguard warrior, do not bow to me, a mere princess of five and twenty. Perhaps you should bow to my mother, but never to me.”
His throat worked as though he struggled to process what she said. “I am a warrior. I am not of royal blood.”
She shoved damp curls off her cheek. “Yes, you are.”
His mouth opened, but nothing emitted. For the first time in their limited association, she had disconcerted him. Raene couldn’t prevent herself from preening.
“Aasguard warriors are as noble as my family line. You would not have been offered a place with them if you were not of royal blood. Yours might not always be legitimate, but you are definitely of royal blood. Far older than mine. Therefore, you outrank me.”
“I must study this, because I do not believe your information is correct.”
She surreptitiously wiped away fast forming beads of perspiration. “It is true. I researched this after our previous meeting.” Then she rattled off a few places on his crystal he could visit if he wished to pursue the search on his own. He had his own source of information here.
How he managed to survive down here she didn’t know. The massive overhead windows did allow plentiful sunshine to douse the cavern, and allowed him to watch the stars, but the place was still deep within the bowels of the castle.
Only those seeking to steal the royal treasure came here, so his interactions with others was limited. It had to be a lonely life.
Did he even have family? Unlikely now.
Perhaps that’s why he emitted empathy. He understood.
“I will seek answers to this. However, you are still a member of the royal family I serve. Therefore, I respect your position. That is why I bow and will continue to do so.”
“You needn’t.” Then a thought occurred to her. She choose her words carefully. “If you discover you are also of royal birth, then you are my equal. At least. So based on your study of this, will you then cease bowing and all the other typical courtly behavior that I find distressing?”
He studied her face for several exhilarating heartbeats. “This is acceptable. However, I intend to make a thorough search.”
“I understand.”
She left with his promise ringing in her ears. Despite the aches and pains making themselves known in various parts of her anatomy, and her worries and fears over her mother, Raene’s uplifted spirits persisted.
Chapter 4

“The princess is correct.” Aern trundled into view, moving majestically for a change. He could do so, if he was careful. Still, to move such a mass took planning and consideration, and typically, the black dragon couldn’t be bothered.
“What is she correct about?” His heart rate accelerated. Blood rushed through his veins in a way it had never done so before.
At least not until his princess had entered this cavern with the overwhelming need to learn to use Driies.
“You, as Aasguard, are also of royal descent.” Aern picked his way to the crystal console and spun it with his nose. The large crystal lit. Making as if he intended to use his nose, which would work, but left appalling smudge marks on the sparkling surface, Vidar nudged the dragon aside.
He lifted a brow for instructions. Aern had something on his mind, and he wanted answers, otherwise he wouldn’t have bothered to try looking up the information himself.
“I wanted to show you the evidence your princess has already discovered.”
Scowling, Vidar flicked a look at his companion. “How do you know this? You can’t remember whether you dined half the time.”
Aern rattled off several places, as though they were on the tip of his tongue. Eyebrows touching, Vidar transferred his gaze from the crystalline surface to Aern. “How do you know this?”
“I have a crystal console in my quarters as well. I was bored last evening.”
“Ah, you couldn’t find any news on Fricassa, so you spied on our princess instead. You read everything she found?”
Aern’s shrug sent a stalactite crashing to the floor. “I have the ability to keep watch on her, as she is in my care.”
Raising an eyebrow, Vidar couldn’t help but scoff at that. “Two days ago you barely knew her name.”
If Aern had eyebrows, they would have soared. “I have known Princess Raene’s name since her birth.”
His quiet answer made Vidar pause. “You knew her name before she first challenged me?”
“Yes. This isn’t the first time I’ve spied on her.”
Vidar fully spun, placing his back to the crystal. “You’ve been spying on her all along?”
“Of course. As one of my charges, I’ve enjoyed watching her mature. Scared her once, when she found me hiding under her bed.”
Mouth dropping in the most undignified manner for one of his kind, Vidar did eventually manage to clamp his jaws together again. “You actually hid in her bedchamber?” His eyes bugged. “How?”
Another stalactite splintered. “I can change my size, but it’s difficult and uncomfortable to hold.”
After all this time together, Vidar was well aware of this. It didn’t answer his question. “Why did you hide under her bed?”
“Remember that talk of war with a neighboring country a decade and a half ago?” At Vidar’s nod, Aern continued. “I knew they’d try for the princess first.” Dragonfyre swirled from Aern’s nostrils in a splendid multicolor burst.
“You intended to fyre anyone who entered the princess’s room.” An excellent strategy.
“Certainly. She was our greatest asset even then, at age ten. And precocious. I have enjoyed her through the years.”
“Where was I during all this?”
“You were here, where you should have been. I knew you’d protect the treasure and after all our added safety measures on the treasure vault, knew no one would manage to breach it. But the princess seemed far too vulnerable to me.”
A valid point.
“She is.”
“Yes, but over the years I’ve placed a number of safeguards on her. Matching those you’ve added.” Aern looked knowing.
It was unbecoming for a warrior such as him to blush, so he didn’t. Straightening to his full height, he faced his nosy companion, who apparently, through the years, had managed to keep a few secrets from him.
“I agree. It seems wrong to protect jewels and the like here, when she’s a much more vulnerable treasure.”
“Her parents were aware of this. They also have protected her through the years.”
“How?”
“I have not been privy to that information.” Aern growled his disgruntlement. “At any rate, I have seen what the princess read over the last few days and she is correct. You are of royal blood, or you would have never been selected to enter the Aasguard ranks.”
Swinging back to the dimming crystal in front of him, Vidar tapped through a few screens and opened one of the pages Aern quoted.
Then he fell to reading. Aern, heavy breathing over his shoulder, created sparks once in a while that Vidar had to brush off before they lit his clothing on fire. He scanned page after page of information on Aasguard history.
The complete lineage of the Aasguard was outlined in detail, and even brushed on his personal heritage. The princess had been correct. He was not, by the rights of his birth, compelled to bow to the royalty of this land, or any other.
This new information left him blinking and uncertain as to what his future held.
Chapter 5

Watching Raene walk away wrenched Vidar’s heart. A ridiculous sentiment. To feel again after so many years of indifference had blindsided him. It couldn’t be a good thing.
Vidar paced to the crystal across the room and watched her progress through the passages and into the castle. She retired to her rooms, where she must have bathed and changed, because when she reemerged, Raene was clothed in the type of gown all the women wore for court life.
As per the princess’s wont, she retired to her mother’s office, the large library set in the west wall. There she seated herself at the dainty desk the queens before her had used to conduct daily business. Raene’s shoulders were as feminine as those queens before her, who had also taken on responsibility at a young age. Some of them younger than Raene.
None had been crushed by their position. Neither would Raene be. She had already exceeded every novice he had ever worked with. To the extent, she was close to leaving novice stature. The princess’s skill with Driies had progressed to nearly competent status. Normally this ranking took at least a year.
His nape hairs stirred because she had achieved this gain within two weeks. Two weeks of daily training, and of course, she had already been an advanced novice. Weapon handling and the various fighting positions took the longest to learn. She had come to him with this knowledge. So perhaps her changing rank wasn’t such a surprise.
The compulsion within her, the one driving her to succeed, was one he’d rarely seen. In man or woman. Raene was determined to master a warrior’s skills. What Margina had set her mind to, she did, and now her daughter came to him with the identical mindset.
For that matter, Raene’s warrior father had been the same. Suddenly he understood where the princess had learned the preliminaries. Her father had mentioned to Vidar of his intention to instruct her in the art. Before he’d been killed in a freak accident. Sorrow filtered through Vidar at the demise of a man he had considered a friend.
Her father’s death would account for why Raene’s lessons had ceased. A swell of pride expanded his chest at her decision to come to him to further her skills. She could have asked the swords master of her army. An impressive man in his own right and his skills weren’t merely apparent in battle, as he was also a gifted instructor.
Yet Raene had come to him, Vidar the Loyal. 
Now, as he watched her wade through the long reams of parchment the kingdom required to run, and the endless meetings with everyone who needed the advice of the queen, he longed to assist her. Yet what he could do, he didn’t know.
His thoughts turned to the woman, who along with her warrior husband, had been his friend through the years and sorrow gripped him tight.
Although there were rumbles of dissent within the ranks as the queen prepared to leave this plane, they sounded like rumbles only. Still, he leaned in to inform Aern of his intent.
“You’re going where?” Aern had been studying his crystal console and it took his eyes a moment to refocus.
“To see the queen.”
Aern’s regal nod didn’t hide the welling sorrow. “Please extend my greetings to her.”
“I will do so.”
“Thank you.” At Aern’s thanks, Vidar picked his way through the passage that led him straight to the queen’s chamber. None but he and Aern were aware of it, and none other than her protectors ever would.
He paused outside the door to listen for visitors. A healer murmured beside the queen’s bedside. A younger one accompanied her, so Vidar waited until they left the queen.
Then he entered the dim room, and his heart drooped at the sight of the woman on the bed.
Despite Raene’s warnings as to this woman’s failing health, he hadn’t grasped the extent.
Shrunken in on herself, so much so that what remained was a mere shell of the woman he had known. The vitality and vigor of Margina weren’t even echoed in this pitiful casing.
He took her hand and her eyes opened. She was weak now, so it took her long moments to recognize him. “Vidar.” Her voice was a fleeting whisper.
His heart clenched. “Hello, my queen.”
“My daughter told you not to speak to us in such a manner.”
“You know of our meetings?”
“Oh yes.” The old glow that used to light her eyes gleamed for a heartbeat in those blue orbs. They were nearly colorless now. “I am heartened by your association. My daughter won’t take the same path I did.”
“Of course not.” Raene faced a modern age.
“She’s chosen a far better one.” The words were wisps, but his heightened senses allowed him to hear them.
Vidar cleared his throat since he didn’t know how to answer. “She is learning to fight and is exceeding expectation.”
“She is her father’s daughter.”
“And Queen Bronwyn’s.”
“And Bronwyn’s.” A short-lived smile creased the current queen’s face, although it more resembled a grimace. A terrible parody of the beautiful woman she’d been. “Don’t pity me, Vidar. I am going to my husband.”
“Yet you hate to leave your daughter.”
“Yes. But I must or she cannot set her own course. ‘Tis the way of life.” Her faded eyes flashed once. “I am content with her choices.”
Despite his years, and his long friendship with this monarch, he didn’t know what in Montequirst she spoke of. Perhaps he needed to let this mystery be.
Her pale skin lacked the peachy glow she was renowned for. Now a faint blue tinged it. His muscles tightened at the evidence of her decline.
“I wish . . .” But he couldn’t finish the thought.
“I understand Vidar. But this is what is to happen. I would have enjoyed more time with my precious Raene, but this is my lot.” A mother’s smile creased her face. It was beautiful.
“You will protect my daughter with your life.” A statement, not a question.
“Of course.” He was a little offended that she had even mentioned it.
“Perhaps not for the reasons you believe.” Another gentle smile sent her into the deep sleep of one who suffered greatly.
He gazed down at her face, horrified by the damage wrought to her by this disease. Thus far, no one had been able to defeat it. Vidar was more than capable of wielding his sword and taking on any enemy who threatened with an answering weapon.
But he was powerless against the microorganisms invading the queen’s body. Rising, he gazed down at her, knowing this was the last time he would see her alive. The air jammed in his throat as he swallowed painfully. “Goodbye, my friend.”
Sorrow accompanied him back to the cavern.
Chapter 6

The overwhelming urge to rip out her hair kept encroaching, but the techniques Vidar had taught her aided Raene now. Just thinking about him helped to calm and center her. If he could stand at his post for centuries, she should be able to speak properly to the idiots who felt they could overwhelm her into doing what they wished.
“Princess, this really must be done now.” The fussy man in front of her was her least favorite of the court. His slicked back hair and curling mustache left her cold.
“No, it doesn’t.” She met his demand head on. “I see no reason why we must rush to change things. The methods my mother put into place for helping the poor have worked for years and they will continue to do so long after we’re gone.” If she read properly between the lines of his double speak, his idea of helping the poor veered toward lining his own pockets rather than aiding those in need.
“It’s . . .”
She rang the bell on her desk and the guards who saw visitors in and out of her mother’s office escorted the protesting man out. 
Raene sighed in relief at his exit. Any additional meetings with him, despite her new training, and she would rip his hair out. “Stefana, he is not to be on the list.”
Stefana’s dark eyes widened. “You don’t wish to meet with your court?”
“Not him.” And he wouldn’t be a part of her court when she became queen. Still uncertain as to why he had been counted into her mother’s, she fully intended to release him from his court duties.
“Is that wise?”
“I spent years beside my mother’s desk.” They both glanced at the spot where she, and sometimes, Stefana, had played as children. It didn’t take long to turn their gazes to the small desk Margina had placed in the library for the older Raene to study and then as she grew older still, to assist with the monarch’s duties.
Unshed tears made her throat ache as she glanced at the desk she would no longer use. Stefana rose to wrap Raene in the sweet arms of a lifetime of friendship.
“Nothing will be the same.” Stefana’s voice trembled.
“No.” The tears pricked at Raene’s eyes and she had to blink rapidly to prevent them from escaping. Still not the time to give in to the circling grief. “I don’t know how I’m going to do this.” Her shaking hand encompassed the room.
Stefana understood what she meant. “Your mother has trained you from the cradle to fulfill her duties.”
All those years of resenting that she couldn’t play with the other children or attend school functions. Now she understood. “I need to see her.”
Releasing her, Stefana rubbed her eyes and sniffed, before she nodded. “Yes. Do you wish for me to accompany you?”
“No. You have many things you must see to.”
“I didn’t expect to become the princess.” A trace of her best friend’s usual optimism peeked through before her expressive face contorted into a grimace.
“Yes, I’m sorry to encumber you. But you also spent much time in this room.”
“I did. Not as much as you, but I am perfectly capable of stepping into your old duties.” Stefana’s teary gaze swept the room. “I simply loathe the reason.”
“Yes. We expected to have her for much longer than this.” The hollowness inside expanded, and because she couldn’t bear it, Raene left the room to hurry to her mother’s bedchamber.
Upon entering, the stuffy air and lingering scent of illness marred the normal clean, flowery scent she associated with her mother. Two healers emerged from the shadows. “Princess Raene.”
Their greetings were respectful, and Raene returned them, as a huge weight settled on her shoulders. They left the room as she tiptoed to her mother’s bedside.
Faded blue eyes gazed at her. They were ringed by lines of agony on a face that no longer resembled her mother’s. The burden settled more firmly upon Raene as the emptiness inside expanded.
“Hello, my love.” The voice that greeted her was a fraction of the queen’s normal hearty, sweet tones.
“Hello.” She settled on the mattress, careful not to rock the patient. Taking her mother’s now bony hand in hers, she could barely contain her shock at how quickly this illness had stolen the essence of Margina.
“You are doing fine, love.” As usual, her mother picked up on all of Raene’s little problems.
Her throat ached. “I’m not. I’m floundering and struggling and I hate this.” She resisted the urge to fling herself off the bed. Raene longed to shout and throw things and maybe slam her fist into the wall. These tempting impulses surged into childish so she refrained.
A squeeze from the hand holding hers brought her back to reality. “This is your course. It is your path to follow. Therefore you must.” The nearly colorless blue eyes gazing back at her remained steady and sure.
The weight on Raene’s shoulders didn’t lighten. The emptiness inside didn’t shrink, but strength infused her so she could bear these burdens.
“Thank you.” Tears welled. Still not the time for them to fall. She continued her resistance. The show of sorrow would only distress this woman who meant the world to her.
“You don’t believe you are strong, love, but you are. You have already settled everything necessary.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Now isn’t the time for you to understand. That is fine. It will all become clear when the timing is right.”
“When will that be?” The wail came out of nowhere. But she felt better for the little outburst.
Her mother squeezed Raene’s hand again. “When it’s right. Now is the hardest time, because we wait. Waiting is not for the faint of heart. You are not faint of heart.”
“Sometimes I am.”
“One who is faint of heart would not have approached an Aasguard warrior and demanded he teach her how to fight.”
“I didn’t demand.” Surely not.
“Not with words, no.” Amusement imbued her mother’s words and those notes lightened Raene’s mood.
“I hope I wasn’t overbearing.” Vidar had been so patient with her.
“He is intrigued by you, my love.” This time what sounded like satisfaction threaded her mother’s weakening voice.
“I like him.” Raene only managed a whisper.
“Yes. So do I. He has been a friend to your father and I for many years.”
Raene longed for any additional information she could discover on the warrior who guarded their treasury. “You’ve known him for years?”
“We’ve been friends since I was a very young woman. He and your father instructed me on weaponry, but I lacked the deftness you are showing.” 
“I don’t feel deft.”
“You are your father’s daughter, and as Vidar observed, also Queen Bronwyn’s daughter.”
“You’ve mentioned her before.”
“I have. You must study her. You might ask Vidar about her. He knew her.”
“Didn’t she live hundreds of years ago?”
“Yes, love. Perhaps nearing a millennium now.”
Her breathing suspended. “Just how old is Vidar?”
A secret shone in her mother’s eyes. “Perhaps you should ask him your question.”
“I cannot do that.”
“Why ever not?”
“Because it’s . . . It’s rude.”
“Not if you are friends.” Her mother’s strength waned then, because her thin eyelids fluttered. Her presence left abruptly to enter the land of dreams. Rest was what the queen needed, but Raene’s stomach muscles ached at the effort she exerted to keep from rocking the bed.
Using some of the techniques Vidar had instructed her on, she rose from the mattress without one shimmy.
With a sigh of relief at the success of the maneuver, she gazed at this woman who had shaped her, loved her, and was now preparing to leave her.

Hideous images of her dying mother accompanied Raene through the stone passages deep below the castle.
When she entered the cavern, Vidar greeted her. “The passages have been cleared.”
“Yes, I ordered it done as the passage had grown hazardous.”
“How are you doing with taking over your mother’s duties?” His eyes gleamed in the waning light from overhead. It neared sundown, but the cavern was lit internally from gems that stored the sun’s rays and emitted light throughout the dark hours.
She explained about her mother’s way of teaching her to be queen. “The hardest part of this is it’s too soon.”
“Yes. She’s much too young. However, blue fever is not selective.”
“No.” Her heart hung heavy in her chest. Yet, this was part of what had lured her here. The sense of comfort and peace she received whenever she made the effort to come to Vidar had lured her here.
Breathing seemed more natural, and life didn’t look quite so gloomy and challenging when she entered this space. Raene picked her way across the expanse separating them.
“Is everyone responding favorably to you?” His hand tightened on his sword hilt.
“Most of them are. I plan to make changes when such actions become necessary.” A knot tightened her throat, but she was so used to it now, she barely noticed.
“If you have trouble, please inform me?” His dark eyebrow rose as she finally reached him.
“Thank you. I will.” Something told her if she did have difficulty, she would mention it to him.
He drew his sword, indicating their chat had come to an end. This time he thrust at her. “Counter this.”
Driies now felt like an extension of her arm. As though it should be in her hand, and with narrowed eyes, and a lightened heart, she lunged into the lesson. This time, her body absorbed the reverberations.
Vidar didn’t congratulate her on this success. He slid right into another parry and she foiled this one as well. Keeping her thoughts centered on the battle, Raene defended herself. They circled through the various ways an attacker might threaten her life.
His sword slashed and gleamed with each blow. Only once did she stumble, but remained on her feet, even when he forestalled her with a blow that should have taken her head off. If they actually had been battling. 
She gasped, and only her quick steps prevented her from slamming into the hard surface behind her. When he called a halt to their lesson, she was breathing heavy, but not panting. This time only a ladylike sheen coated her skin, not the flat out dripping sweat from earlier sessions.
“You have definitely advanced from a novice.”
“I have?” Her eyes met his as her stomach gave a little roll.
“When you first arrived, you knew the basics. Now you’ve progressed to the intermediary stage.”
“Isn’t this too fast?” She accepted the flask of water he handed her. After drinking her fill, she handed it back to him. He drank and then capped it again before setting the flask aside.
“No. With the basics learned, one can progress quickly if they are willing to put in the time.”
Her mouth firmed. “I’ve been much busier of late.”
“Yes. That has limited you. However, you make an effort to come every day. This tells me you wish to continue with our lessons.”
“I do. This is what keeps me going.”
His silver eyes glittered. “Why do you seek to learn to use Driies?”
Stepping closer to a new stalagmite that had caught her attention, Raene peered at the gorgeous colors while she thought about her answer. “I learned today that two of our neighboring countries have heard my mother is not well.”
He inclined his head. “I have heard the same.”
“They have eyed Montequirst for years. If they wish to overtake our nation, the transition between two monarchs is the best time in which to do so.”
“Yes. They appear to be preparing for war.”
Her shoulders sagged before she stepped away from the new formation. She faced him again. “One of the best ways to merge nations is through marriage.”
Vidar’s face blanked. “Yes.” His voice strangled.
“It would be a military as well as a national coup to snatch the Crown Princess of Montequirst before she is named queen.”
“And afterward, it would strengthen their nation to force you into marriage.”
She kicked a nearby stalagmite. “I am not getting carried off by some neighboring king.”
“All of them are already married.”
“You did not hear that Queen Lalika of the Land of Ostard has succumbed to blue fever?”
His indrawn breath was answer enough.
“She died two weeks ago.”
“I’m sorry to hear this.”
“As am I. Although not necessarily for her. She is better off in the next realm.”
Both of Vidar’s eyebrows rose. “I thought her marriage was a love match.”
“Not at all. There is word the current king killed several of his closest family members in order to take the throne. Then, when he did ascend to the kingship, he discovered the empty family coffers were not malicious gossip as he’d believed. His people have suffered greatly these latter years.” Brushing the tickling strands of hair from her cheek, Raene wished she had known about all this before her friend had been married off.
“So King Ostard went looking to refill them?”
“Yes. Lalika wasn’t a beauty, but her parents are fabulously wealthy.”
“Perhaps as wealthy as your mother.” He frowned. “He came looking for you first?”
“He did. My mother put a stop to him even visiting. She had confirmed several rumors about him and even cautioned Lalika’s parents, but her mother wanted her to be a queen.”
“Did Lalika actually die of blue fever?”
“From what I’ve ascertained, yes. It carried her off, and far faster than it has my mother.” Sorrow surged through her in a wave. For her parent, but also her friend.
“So now Ostard will be seeking a wife again.”
“And my mother is also in the throes of blue fever.”
“Ostard is said to be one of the best swordsmen in the world.”
“He’s said to be. I have had very little contact with him, and don’t intend to in the future.”
“You’re not up to his rank yet.”
“No.” She bit her lower lip, heartened by his usage of yet. “However, if I can at least offer the element of surprise, and defend myself, I shall do so.”
“Most ladies do not know how to fight.” Vidar appeared agitated by this.
“My father was adamant that I learn and my mother agreed. She felt that since I so resemble Queen Bronwyn, then I must be fated to learn sword skills.” Raene shoved at the same strands of hair again. “Was it more acceptable for women to know how to defend their own in Bronwyn’s day?”
“Hers was a different age. One of far more peril and your ancestress understood this. She was also a fierce fighter worthy of the legend she is touted to be.”
“You saw her fight?”
“Yes. Several times. Bronwyn did not give up. She did not back down, and she was smart, fast, and like you, small. In an age where brute force often won the battle, she won through skill, dexterity, and strength of mind.”
This bolstered Raene’s flagging spirits. “Those are the same traits I must learn.”
A smile dawned on his face. “You are well on your way.”
“I must cultivate them. Otherwise this entire realm will fall into the hands of Ostard or worse.”
“Over my dead, scaly body.” Aern’s denial boomed painfully as he joined them.
“You know King Ostard?” She quirked an eyebrow at the black dragon.
Aern’s snort charred the stalagmite next to the one she had admired. “I remember his grandsire. How the Ostard family has remained royalty is beyond me.”
“I don’t believe they are bothered by the laws of the land.” In deference to her mother, Raene used as delicate language as possible.
Aern grunted in answer. A quick peek at Vidar showed he was listening, but his face remained shuttered. She almost took a step back before she defied the notion.
The dinner gong sounded and she gasped. “I am late.”
Vidar directed her to a different tunnel than the one she normally used. “Try this one.”
He escorted her through several archways and past a gleaming lake she had never seen before. A small, plain wooden door loomed in front of them. He opened the door and ushered her into her bedchamber. Her side of the door was paneled in white wood.
“Oh.”
“I brought you this way for two reasons.”
“And they are?”
“One because you’re late. But the second is because you see how close Aern and I are. We will allow no rampaging king to take you from us.” Vidar’s eyes hardened so much she did take a step back. Then she retraced the step to place her hand on his forearm. It was warm through the protective leather shield.
“Thank you, Vidar.”
He nodded, and offered a slight bow, more a show of excellent manners, she hoped. Then he shut the door between them and she was left with a frantic maid.
They wouldn’t start the meal until she arrived, so she loathed being late. It happened at times, and truth be told, she had been without an appetite for several days now.
Pretending sorrow hadn’t overtaken her life was becoming increasingly difficult.
Chapter 7

“What kept you?” Stefana’s dark eyes were large pools of concern.
“I was in a different part of the castle and lost track of time.” All completely true.
“Are you well?”
Stefana’s inquiry didn’t pertain to the state of her physical health. A rush of affection warmed Raene. If there was one person who might appreciate Raene’s current struggles, it would be this woman.
Their usual dining companions had not attended this evening, so they had the table to themselves. Raene made the decision to inform Stefana of her actions.
Leaning closer to her best friend, to ensure no one else overheard, Raene finally told her about Vidar.
“You’ve been taking lessons from our Aasguard warrior . . .” When her voice faded away and her hand ceased clutching her throat, Stefana’s eyebrows touched. “It’s like you’re preparing for something.”
“I’ll be queen.” That dratted lump erupted into her throat, and with it came a jab of sorrow. One so fierce she dropped her fork with a clatter.
Stefana’s hand covered hers. “Yes. And I’ve always felt women not knowing how to defend themselves was a petty sentiment of men.”
Raene picked up her fork again. “It is, Stefana.”
A sly look crossed Stefana’s face. “Perhaps our new queen will change that outdated notion.”
Exchanging a knowing glance with her, Raene allowed a small smile. “Perhaps she will. If she’s far-seeing enough.”
“Oh, I believe she is. I imagine our current queen has been planning this for a time.”
Once again, Raene dropped her fork. Their fellow diners were going to think her clumsy. “I should have talked to you long before this, Stefana.”
“Yes, you should have. But you have now, at least. We will have to learn our way, won’t we?”
“Indeed.”
Stefana’s face closed. “Will you wed immediately?”
By immediately, Stefana meant as soon as Margina died and Raene was therefore announced as queen—this would all transpire within hours. Often when there was unrest in the kingdom, marriage quieted it. The unrest didn’t percolate within, at least not from the majority of their citizens.
She feared the turmoil pervaded outside their borders.
“I don’t know.” Her heart couldn’t bear to even think about such a circumstance. To be wed in the next weeks, if not days.
Their hands closed tightly around each other as their eyes met. At least Raene was assured of one ally within the castle. One was better than none.
Her thoughts drifted to the capable warrior with mercurial eyes who guarded the queen’s treasures. Another ally. There was no doubt he would guard her as fiercely as he guarded her mother’s treasures.
With him came a massive, mannerly black dragon with a tendency to trip over his own clawed feet.
“I’d like to meet this warrior you’ve spoken of.”
After swallowing the bite of chicken she’d taken, Raene patted her lips with a napkin. “Why?”
Stefana shrugged in answer. “It seems like a good idea.”
“He’s a friend of my mother’s.”
Stefana rested her fork on her plate. “Your mother and this warrior are friends? How can that be?”
“They’ve known each other for years. She speaks highly of him and he does the same of her and my father.”
“If your mother approves of him, then perhaps I needn’t meet him.”
“You might enjoy the introduction as he’ll likely become a friend of yours.” Yet the very thought of the beautiful, ladylike Stefana and Vidar meeting made her stomach protest the bites she’d taken.
“It’s always nice to add to one’s circle of friends.” The look Stefana sent her was odd. As though a message was embedded inside, but if so, Raene failed to interpret it.
“Yes.” Her words choked.
A footman offered the next course and their conversation evolved into the usual dinnertime sort. Despite this, she was unnerved about introducing her oldest friend to her newest. There seemed to be no shaking the odd feeling.

It had been two days, long ones, since he had last seen Raene. Therefore, when she trailed around the corner and into the cavern, relief coursed through him. Her shoulders drooped and she was far too pale. She had strapped Driies to her hip, but she made no move toward releasing the sword.
“You are weary and burdened today.”
Her nod was nearly painful. No light gleamed in her eyes. Her lips were pinched and white around the edges.
“Your mother is failing.”
“There is no response from her now.”
His heart turned over. “She is no longer conscious?”
“No. I saw her yesterday and she said goodbye to me.” A sniff, and Raene turned from him. Her hands covered her face, so he couldn’t see what she hid, and he had no intention of prying.
He did step closer to her and laid a hand on her slumped shoulder. “She no longer suffers.”
“No.” Her breathy agreement was edged in agony.
Raene leaned toward him but she didn’t step closer. She stood beside him, struggling to confine her emotions. He opened his senses to them—they tumbled like a rock slide, and were every bit as dangerous. 
Vidar, even with his advanced abilities, couldn’t hope to sort through them, much less help her to do so.
He had no words of comfort for her. Wasn’t used to floundering.
Aern plodded through the doorway from his space. He balanced a teetering tea tray on his nose. Vidar jumped to grab the tray because goodness only knew what calamity might befall them if it dropped.
With Aern present, it would.
After a quick glance around the cavern, Aern focused a glower on him. “Perhaps chairs would be welcome.”
At the gentle rebuke, Vidar’s cheeks heated. He set the tray on a nearby ledge. “Of course.” He was quick to agree for Raene’s sake. Then he procured two comfortable chairs and a small table for the tea tray, tugging the chairs close together.
He settled Raene before seating himself. The tray Aern had produced bore a delicate teapot with matching teacups and saucers, as well as a small bucket for himself. The dragon had even added a plate of pastries.
Vidar’s stomach growled. The last time he had eaten a pastry had been . . . too long ago to remember. 
Raene’s watery smile for Aern made Vidar’s heart resume normal rhythms.
“Will you please pour, princess?” Aern sounded formal and courtly-like.
Vidar raised an eyebrow at him.
The dragon’s focus remained on Raene. It appeared Aern knew the way of it, because although her hand shook, she did pour out the tea and presented Vidar with a cup, then the small bucket for Aern, before pouring herself a cup.
The fragrant brew somehow comforted him. Raene took a delicate sniff of the tea and the tightness around her mouth relaxed. Not by much, but enough.
He and Aern both took hearty sips to encourage her to do the same. The warmth from the beverage traveled through him. Darting an inquiry to Aern produced a quick nod from his friend, so he waited. Aern obviously knew what he was doing, and Raene already looked better.
Raene passed the pastries around. He and Aern both indulged. Then when they noticed she didn’t, their frowns must have changed her mind. She hastily snatched up one and placed it on the edge of the teacup saucer. Aern cleared his throat and looked pointedly at the food.
With a small sigh, Raene picked it up and took a small bite. She swallowed, and then stared at the scone, before she ate the entire thing.
“Have another,” Aern coaxed.
Raene complied, as though in a trance.
Aern confirmed this theory when he glanced at Vidar. “She hasn’t been eating. These scones won’t supply her with all the nutrients she requires, but it will help her to cope.”
“Her life isn’t easy right now.”
“No.” Aern’s clipped response tightened his stomach muscles. He set his own pastry down to break off a chunk that he placed on Raene’s plate.
Raene picked up the portion from him and ate it. Then after swallowing more tea, the trance-like state dissolved. The scones were gone, and she seemed relieved by this. As though the thought of eating sickened her.
These weren’t normal pastry, of course. Since Aern had made them, they contained magical qualities, meaning they likely would sustain her for the next several days when she couldn’t eat.
He wanted to place the remainder of his pastry on her plate. Aern eyeballed him though, so he instead ate the portion to mollify the dragon.
“Thank you.” Raene’s voice was barely existent.
“We are thankful you came to us when you needed comfort.” Kindness threaded Aern’s response.
Vidar nodded, supporting his companion. “You know you are welcome here at any time.”
The air of defeat around her lessened. “Thank you,” she repeated. There was no need for her to say more. In the way of old friends, and sometimes new ones became old friends, nothing more was necessary.
The three of them sipped tea together in silence, enjoying the company without saying a single word.
When she rose to leave, Raene was still pale, but her eyes had lightened, her lips not so pinched. Her shoulders didn’t straighten entirely, but they no longer drooped.
She touched Aern’s face with reverent gratitude and his eyes turned fierce as she placed a gentle kiss on his scaled cheek.
When she turned to him, Vidar’s heart jumped into his mouth and he couldn’t speak. His eyes shut when she stretched to place a sweet kiss to his cheek. Her hand squeezed his and she clung for a moment before exiting the cavern at high speed.
As though inclined to linger, but knew she could not.
His heart remained lodged in his mouth for a long time. The urge to hold her tight took far too long to dissipate.
Chapter 8

“She will not be carried off by any marauding king or rogue.” Aern sounded very confident about this a day after Raene had departed their time of tea and comfort. The rumors swirled down to them from the frenetic paced castle as additional soldiers were added to patrol their borders.
“I agree.” Vidar’s jaw hardened until it shot pain into his temple.
“We have sworn to protect her and we will thus do so.” Dragonfyre rushed out of both of Aern’s nostrils on a direct course to setting Vidar’s trousers on fire.
He jumped aside, then doused the flames with one of the buckets of water he kept at various places around the cavern. “Easy, old friend.”
“I do apologize, Vidar.” Aern’s green eyes flashed with vehemence and more power than Vidar had ever seen.
“Do not fret. I’m used to fire.” He refilled the bucket before setting it back in place.
The fierce tension in Aern didn’t fade immediately.
“What is worrying you?”
“I do not know.” Aern made to return to his chambers but footsteps sounded in the passage outside the cavern.
“Raene,” Vidar stated, as he detected another set, also feminine.
Their princess entered the room with another female. The two women walked close, and moved at a decent clip. Although smiling, tension riddled Raene’s posture, and a tinge of fear oscillated through her friend. One must expect this reaction when faced with the unknown.
“Princess.” He nudged Aern.
The woman with Raene offered up a huge gasp when she spotted Aern.
Raene grabbed her, as she appeared in danger of swooning. “Stefana, this is Vidar, the Aasguard warrior I told you about, and his companion, Aern.”
“You neglected to mention there was a dragon down here.” The woman called Stefana uttered this in a faint tone.
“Vidar and Aern, this is my best friend and the future princess, Stefana. We have known each other all our lives.”
Stepping forward, Vidar greeted her in the appropriate custom for a warrior to address a maiden, which entailed a slight bow, but no bodily contact. Raene’s stiff spine relaxed. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Vidar.” Stefana’s eyes darted to Aern. “And you as well, Aern.”
In response, Aern shrank himself so he didn’t tower over the two women. “And you, Lady Stefana.” Aern’s voice oozed courtliness.
Stefana’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “I didn’t realize you spoke our language.”
“I speak several.” Aern went out of his way to be charming and escorted Stefana to the other side of the room to show her a particularly glorious part of the cavern.
This left Vidar and Raene facing each other. Not even a smidgen of awkwardness hovered between them.
She smiled. “When I was so late a few days ago, I explained why to Stefana and she immediately wanted to meet you. This was our first opportunity to visit.”
“Your good friends are always welcome.”
Raene’s bright head tipped to the side. “How do you know she’s a good friend?”
“One can observe this by a person’s body language.”
“You can?” Raene blinked.
“She didn’t know what she would discover when she arrived, yet she still accompanied you. When you entered, she stayed close in a protective manner, despite not knowing either me or Aern. Then when she realized there was a dragon here, she wouldn’t allow herself to faint, because that would have left you alone with a dragon.”
“You discerned all this in the thirty seconds it took me to introduce you?” Incredulity wove through her question.
“I am a warrior. We must notice these things. It can mean the difference between life and death.”
“Are you planning to teach me this technique?”
“We’ve already begun the process.”
She eyed him dubiously. “If you say so.”
“I do.”
Aern and Stefana rejoined them, and by the easy line of her friend’s shoulders, Raene must have picked up that Stefana was enjoying herself.
“Tea?” Aern asked.
“Thank you, but we cannot.” Raene sounded sad they couldn’t stay. Vidar understood as he tasted regret in the air and within himself. He would enjoy spending the additional time with Raene. Not to mention, Aern’s fondness for the beverage made him an expert at preparing it.
“We have a commitment we won’t be excused from.” Stefana exchanged a look with Raene and they both sighed.
“It’s a long standing one, so we must endure.”

They said goodbye to their hosts before she allowed Stefana to tug her out of the cavern. A large part of her wished to remain. She sighed again.
“I know, but we can’t miss this celebration.” Stefana rubbed her arm as they traversed the rocky pathway leading into the castle.
“We have known the Duke of Lockwillow all our lives, and he has been so loyal to my mother.”
“Yes. I’m fairly certain he’s not looking any more forward to this party tonight.”
“No. However, we must attend.” They said this together, but Raene couldn’t shake the hovering cloud of impending doom.
“I like Vidar and Aern.” Stefana pursed her lips. “Very much.”
Raene allowed a small smile. “As do I.”
Stefana darted a quick look at her before her lips tripped up. “They both seem to adore you as well.”
“I hope so.”
“The three of you have grown close rather quickly.”
“I suppose. They have protected me all my life.”
Stopping in the middle of the granite corridor, Stefana gasped. “They’ve protected you all this time? Truly?”
“Oh yes. Their job is to protect the queen’s treasures. They both felt that included me. So Aern slept under my bed for a time during the invasions.”
“I remember those. A dragon slept under your bed?”
“Yes, he shrank himself and fiercely protected me during that entire traumatic time.”
“It’s amazing that he can shrink and expand.”
“It is. I believe his natural state is the huge beast you first met, but to make himself less imposing, Aern reduces his size. And of course, when I was ten, he thought he should protect me as a smaller dragon.”
“You weren’t very big then.” Stefana’s amused gaze swept over her. “Not that you are now, either.”
“Too true.” Unfortunately. Perhaps if she was taller and more statuesque, like Stefana, she might catch the eye of . . . Be careful. “Aern can return to his normal size in seconds though, so he provided excellent protection at a time when I sorely needed it.”
“He doesn’t sleep under your bed now, correct?”
“Of course not. First off, I’m pretty certain he snores.”
“What does that have to do with our conversation?”
“Well, he’s a dragon, right?”
“Yes.” Stefana’s dark hair gleamed in the flickering lamp lights as they continued their journey to the castle.
“So he has dragonfyre, and some of it comes out of his nose.”
“Oh yes. So if he snores, there’s a possibility he might set your bed on fire.”
“It was cause for concern for a time, but he never did set my bed on fire.”
“Has he ever set Vidar on fire?”
Raene allowed a soft laugh. “Did you take notice of the buckets of water scattered around the chamber?”
“I did.”
“Vidar keeps those handy for just those accidents.”
“So Vidar does have some charred trousers?”
“From what I gathered, yes. He’s quick though.”
Before they could continue their very interesting conversation, they were approached by several of the castle staff who required her attention. She and Stefana parted to prepare for the party this evening.
The cloud of doom did not dissipate. 
An uncertain future did this to a woman.
Chapter 9

The Duke of Lockwillow, first name Haines, greeted her with his usual hearty hug and a beaming smile. But Raene had known him long enough to recognize when his smile didn’t reach his eyes. She squeezed his hand, as a matching sorrow welled in her heart.
He stopped beaming to peer intently at her. “I am so sorry about your mother, Raene.”
“As am I. None of us would have chosen her end to arrive via this horrific illness.”
“She and your father were our dearest friends.” Indeed, the Duke and Duchess had been the best of friends to the Queen and King. Haines was her mother’s first cousin, so they were as close as siblings. A terrible bout of influenza had carried the Duchess off to the next realm a year ago. A tragic accident had taken her father several years before, and now her mother faced the perils of blue fever.
“You’re the only parent I’ll have left.”
The duke shut his eyes. His deep breath harsh in his lungs.
“I never imagined Adrianna and I would be unable to have children. We were so blessed that your parents shared you.”
“You are not anywhere near your dotage, you know. There is plenty of time for you to find another bride.” She cringed as she spoke, and he recognized this.
“It has been on my mind, but it seems so . . . cold.”
“I understand. Now is not the time to be looking for a bride.”
“No, fortunately.” His knuckles whitened as his hand fisted.
Raene understood all too well, so she covered his fist with hers. His turned to grip hers with fierce strength. They took comfort from each other but were soon parted by the guests queuing behind her.
The duke had certainly not chosen to hold this celebration, but tradition dictated the party. Although another year older, it didn’t show in Haines’ face or lean build. The Duke of Lockwillow was in his prime.
They had both endured such sorrow. Saying goodbye to his wonderful wife, Adrianna, had been horrendous. The duchess had been a surrogate mother to her, and a welcome escape when the rigors and politics of court life overwhelmed her.
Raene’s eyes burned, forcing her to blink rapidly. The ache in the back of her throat wasn’t as easily quelled, but she forced herself to circulate among the richly attired guests. There were plenty of headpieces to admire, and men in fancy dress, with extravagant cuffs and well fitting trousers.
Another pair, a little charred at the ends, zoomed into her mind, but she quelled it at once. She had no reason for thinking of him right now, and anyway she probably needed her wits about her.
Her mother purported more decisions and deals were made at parties, often on the dance floor, than during actual meetings. Through the years, Raene had witnessed plenty of evidence to support this theory.
She eschewed the potent brews circulating this evening. Instead, lifting a glass of bubbling water from a tray, she took careful sips. This beverage choice should settle her nervous stomach and keep her alert.
“Princess Raene.” The voice that spoke to her did not aid in her endeavors to quell her stomach gyrations.
“Kjell, how are you this evening?” She reluctantly faced him.
His slicked back blond hair was all a lady could ask for. He regularly bathed and knew how to use a sword. He never lacked for partners on the dance floor. But his brown eyes always seemed a little cold and calculating to her.
“I am well. The question is however, how are you?” Then there was his ability to know the right thing to say. A trait oft appreciated and touted by many.
His question lacked sincerity, at least to her ears, and therefore left her chilled.
“I am pleased to celebrate another year with the Duke of Lockwillow.” She purposely misunderstood. While she had grown up with him, although he had a few years on her, Raene didn’t have to answer his question if she didn’t wish to.
Such a personal query from a close friend would be welcome and warming. From him however. . . 
The slight incline of his head toward her was proper. Even his vaguely respectful air enacted correct courtly behavior. Yet she forcibly had to suppress the sudden urge to scratch as though bugs crawled on her.
“It is a festive occasion.” Those cold eyes raked her, and she raised her hand to start scratching when Stefana appeared at her side.
Sending her friend a look of gratitude, she greeted Stefana in lieu of chafing.
“Hello, Princess Raene.” Stefana’s steady gaze was knowing. Her greeting to Kjell was proper.
“Lady Stefana. I hope you are well?”
“I am, thank you. If you will please excuse us? My papa wishes to speak with the princess.” Stefana wasted no time whisking her away to greet and hug Stefana’s parents. Another couple who had been good friends to her parents, and their host.
At least both enjoyed good health.
“Thank you.” She whispered in an aside to Stefana.
“You’re welcome. He gives me an odd feeling.”
“Yes. Like there are bugs crawling on one.”
Stefana winced. “That is exactly so.” She shivered. “We must avoid him for the rest of the evening.”
Raene admired her friend’s gown even as she agreed. “You look lovely tonight.”
Indeed, no one else could have worn the black and purple gown to such effect. The superb color combination highlighted Stefana’s dark beauty. In excellent taste, and well made, the evening dress showcased her friend’s striking good looks.
“As do you. Green certainly suits you.” The pale green gown had been an impulse, but it did suit her. With panels of cream lace atop the green silk, the gown was all it should be for this celebration without being ostentatious. Dignified and elegant and it didn’t clash with her auburn tresses.
More people circulated around them as they neared the end of the evening. Several of the eligible warriors in the kingdom joined her and Stefana. Many of the single women were dancing, and one of the hovering men asked Stefana to join him.
Since she had no reason not to, Stefana accepted. That left Raene with the man’s two companions. Both eyed her with looks similar to Kjell’s. Only she didn’t feel compelled to rub creepy crawlies off her skin. Still, her nape hairs shivered.
“Have you made plans for your future yet, Princess?” One of them, slightly portly, with the masculine good looks many young women admired, asked. Raene couldn’t recall his name, despite having just heard it.
“No. There hasn’t been time to ponder.” Allowing her eyes to harden as she had seen her mother do with recalcitrant people, Raene met his gaze head-on.
He had the grace to flush and step back.
His friend drew her attention to himself by touching her arm. A risqué gesture, as they were both unmarried and not related. “We only inquire as we have heard your mother is not well.”
“She is not.”
“You will become queen.” Satisfaction laced his voice. This man was lean and long, with a slight squint and an air of competency about him. His name was Rojer, and he had been a friend in their youth. He was also skilled with a sword and kept his family coffers overflowing.
“Not until . . .” She couldn’t bear to say it. Both men leaned closer and offered sympathy.
She appreciated this until the one whose name she couldn’t remember said, “You’ll need to select your king then.” Her companions straightened their shoulders, in a preening manner.
A shiver chased down her spine. No. Neither of these men, and certainly not Kjell would do. She made some inane remark before making a hasty exit.
Haines, their reluctant host, claimed her for a dance. “What has upset you?”
Raene explained her encounter with the three single men tonight. His pained look mollified her. “You do realize they’re all vying for your attention because each is seeking the kingship.”
Her stomach revolted. “I have not one bit of interest in any of them.”
“Of course not. This has been thrust on you.” Haines gripped her tighter, as though seeking to protect her. “Raene, you must choose wisely.” His eyes fixed her with a look she couldn’t identify.
“What does that mean?”
“Your mother seems to believe you have your heart set on a certain man.” His eyes gleamed kindly.
“I haven’t . . .” She nearly gagged on the next thought and couldn’t continue speaking. The thought of her mother’s death was too great to bear. “I can’t.”
He stopped dancing to pull her into an embrace that offered the comfort she needed. Those around them allowed for a respectful amount of distance. Stefana and her mother, Stella, appeared at their side and swept her off to the ladies with-drawing room where they set her to rights again.
“How many of these men have bothered you tonight?” Stella picked lint off Raene’s dress as easily as she wiped away tears.
“Three so far.”
Stella’s mouth tightened as she sniffed. “It is time for us to take our leave.”
With that statement she rounded up her husband, hugged their host, who aided them in reaching the door without interruption, and then they were hurrying down the stairs to their transport back to the castle.
“I’m sorry for that, Raene.” Henry, Stefana’s father, apologized despite this situation not being his fault. He was tall, lean, with dark spectacles, thinning hair, and an earnest expression.
“You didn’t know.”
Stella and Henry exchanged glances. “We suspected, but neither of us are in a position to interfere.”
“Why are they circling me now?” Raene yanked the hem of her skirt out from under her dainty dancing slipper. “My mother is still alive.”
Stefana’s parents again exchanged looks, and Raene frowned before peering at her best friend. Stefana appeared every bit as confused.
“It’s too soon to be certain.” Henry’s firm tone implied the subject was closed, and she was grateful.
The thought of a husband turned her stomach. 
Chapter 10

“How many men must she contend with this evening?”
Aern snorted, but it was faint so nothing got singed. “All who managed to circle her.”
Vidar’s hand gripped his sword hilt in a reflexive gesture. He forced himself to release the weapon handle, then took a deep breath. It wasn’t enough.
The urge to wield his sword, in the manner of a madman, threatened to overwhelm him. He indulged in a second deep breath, then a third, and forced his innards to cease clamping tight. Every muscle in his body was hardened for battle. Not only inappropriate, but also ridiculous.
“Why don’t you go see her if you’re concerned?” Aern’s tail flicked back and forth.
“That is not proper.”
“You’re her protector. I’d think it would be fine for you to inquire about her safety.”
“I am a warrior.”
Aern stood, his majestic height a match for their surroundings. “Fine. I’ll call on her.”
“It’s more appropriate for you.” Relief spiraled through him.
This snort did char the stone where Vidar’s crystal console resided.
“Easy,” Vidar cautioned, diving for a bucket. The flames died when he splashed them with water, careful to keep the liquid from the surface. It probably wouldn’t harm his device, but he didn’t intend to take any chances. Losing contact with the outside world didn’t appeal.
Not that he’d been much in contact with it for over half a century, still, the crystal made life nicer.
Aern shrank as he clumped across the expanse of marble slab, and soon disappeared through the archway that led to Raene’s chambers. He wasn’t usually as clumsy when smaller but tonight he still tripped over his two back feet. Vidar had long suspected that Aern would be downright graceful if he mastered the art of maintaining a smaller shape. Obviously not.
At least Aern didn’t appear as menacing at the smaller size.
A dragon who ran the risk of tripping and falling on a person had instilled terror in the hearts of more than one would-be hero.
The silence stretched after Aern left. Vidar wondered if he had reached Raene’s chambers yet, and what they spoke about if he had. Then he tapped the wall surrounding the crystal until he caught himself and ceased. Next, he stalked from one end of the chamber to the other, about faced, and repeated the process. By the fourth turn, noise from the direction in which Aern had left alerted him he was about to have company.
He stopped pacing and the fidgets melted away as he rose to his full height, sword hand at the ready. Facing the archway, he opened his senses. And detected a wisp of the fresh scent he associated with Raene. She appeared in the archway with the smaller Aern and Vidar’s breath caught.
Her auburn hair was pinned in curls on her head while the light green gown she wore fit her to perfection. It showcased her curves with elegance and refined tastes.
“Raene, so kind of you to join us.”
“Aern mentioned you were both wondering how the evening went.” Her nose wrinkled.
“That bad?”
“It could have been worse.”
“Did the men bother you?”
Her eyebrows rose. “How did you know?”
“So they did.” He shared a glance with Aern, whose mouth tightened. The scales lining his lips flashed charcoal gray.
“Only three. One of them I have no interest in whatsoever.” Raene’s bottom lip quivered. “My mother hasn’t even . . .”
Not able to bear her heartache, Vidar strode to her side. “Yes, that is exactly what you should be concentrating on. Your mother. Spending the time you have left with her.”
Tears leaked down her cheeks. She didn’t speak.
“Is she still unconscious?”
He received a jerky nod.
“The healers believe she’ll never wake again.”
“A blessing for her, Raene.”
“Yes.” She wouldn’t meet his eyes, and her answer was so faint as to be nonexistent.
Yet he understood.
“What happens after she dies?” Aern’s tone echoed with respect. He stood close to Raene, as though seeking to reassure her.
“I don’t know. This is all new.” Raene hastily rubbed the tears. She sniffed and Vidar handed her several tissues. She accepted them with watery thanks.
His heart swelled at the sight of that slight smile.
“There will be a time of the changing of the crowns.” This memory emerged from when Margina became queen.
Raene started and then her focus landed on him. “Changing of the crowns? What is that?”
“Your mother selected her crown, on the day she became queen.” He skimmed over the death of Raene’s grandmother. “Your grandmother’s crown was returned to the vault, and your mother was then invited to peruse the various crowns. She selected the one she wished to wear during her reign.”
“So I must do the same?” Raene’s forehead furrowed.
“If your coronation occurs as your mother’s did, yes.”
“You were here?”
“Aern and I had just arrived. We were informally guarding the royal treasury then. Your grandmother died soon after.”
“She died young as well?”
“No. She was not young. Your mother didn’t come about until after your grandmother had given up on having children. The queen was thrilled to be with child, especially in light of her more advanced age.”
“I wish I had known her. My grandfather used to entertain me with stories of her until his death. I was eight and missed him greatly when he died.”
“She was a great lady,” Aern said. He had reverted to his normal size. “Your grandfather was a good man too.”
Vidar agreed on both counts.
Another flash of sorrow crossed Raene’s face. “So my mother became the queen directly after her mother died?”
“Yes. Everyone crowded into this chamber, and then the vault was opened for Margina to enter. It’s generally only the incumbent queen who enters. Aern gave her a tour of the vault.”
“Did everyone see him?”
They turned to the black dragon. “I usually keep myself scarce, unless I need to teach someone a few manners. It all depends on the crowd.” He used his scaly chin to indicate Vidar. “Typically he’s enough of a deterrent.”
Raene brushed aside a few errant auburn curls. “This is all new to me.”
“It’s going to be a vast adjustment for you. Your mother had a lot to contend with that first year.”
“How soon after she became queen did she need to name a husband?” Plenty of worry lined Raene’s voice.
His heart thumped, not only at the turbulent emotions wafting off her, but also because of the thought of her marrying. This shouldn’t bother him.
Aern cleared his throat.
Vidar hastily said, “I don’t recall.”
“A year afterward. She didn’t need to do so immediately because her father still lived and could protect her. Also there wasn’t unrest. No one had heard that Margina’s mother took ill and died.” Aern indicated Vidar’s crystal console. “That was before we had these things.”
Yes, the crystal technology had made information and commerce available worldwide. Knowledge such as the declining health of the current Queen of Montequirst would run rampant. The kingdoms surrounding them now knew the princess was of marriageable age but not married. They didn’t know everything about her, but enough to realize she provided a ripe treasure all on her own.
Montequirst had been ruled by a business-savvy queen since the days of Bronwyn. If one considered the clean streets, picturesque homes, steady commerce, and hefty harvests as testaments of a prosperous nation.
Their neighbors had to be licking their lips in anticipation of such wealth.
Then there was the attractive princess herself. She might not be to every man’s liking, but Vidar personally thought her the epitome of womanhood. Dainty, but properly curved with equally nimble mind and feet, and her smile lit up whomever she bestowed it upon. These, combined with the wealth her ancestors had amassed, would prove extremely desirable.
Vidar saw nothing wrong with her bright hair and eyes. They were far superior to the gems, jewelry, coins, and assorted monies he guarded. Once made queen, the princess would also offer her husband a sizable increase in rank. A mere warrior now, he would be made king.
His duties would entail protecting his queen as well as overseeing the armies of the nation. Not small tasks.
She needed to choose wisely.
Although Vidar didn’t venture outside much these days, there didn’t appear to be many who were capable of protecting their nation. Would he and Aern take orders from the new king?
His heart contracted. A painful squeeze that caused sweat to pebble his skin. Raene’s father had been a friend, and had appreciated Vidar’s skills. Indeed he had discussed security issues with Vidar and Aern on a regular basis. Since his death, Vidar hadn’t been introduced to the warrior who headed the nation’s security.
“I don’t want to be forced to choose a husband.” Raene’s face turned pale. So much so that Vidar and Aern both took a step toward her. She waved them away.
“Of course you don’t.” Aern’s tone was sympathetic. “Therefore, you should be prepared.”
Raene’s bright blue gaze darted to the black dragon. “Can you explain what you mean by prepared?”
“If you don’t wish to take a husband as soon as you’re made queen, you’ll need to offer a viable alternative.”
Lips pursed, Raene studied him. “In order to avoid naming the new king immediately, I have to somehow ensure the nation’s security remains intact?”
“Correct. So long as you maintain national security, you shouldn’t need to name a husband until the time of your choosing. You must take from among the nation’s warrior pool?”
Paling again, Raene’s face pinched. “Yes. There are an abundance of those. However, my cousin, the Duke of Lockwillow, is a warrior, and he could oversee the nation’s defenses until such a time as I am comfortable with my decision.”
Vidar stirred. “He is definitely capable.”
“I might speak to him.”
“What is making you hesitate?” Besides the obvious—there was no need for her to take a husband as soon as her mother died. A barbaric practice.
At least give her some time to mourn her mother.
“He and my mother are close. They were raised as siblings and he’s already lost his wife and my father, his best friend.”
Aern’s nod was brisk. “So he, like you, will be grieving.”
“Who is overseeing the military now?”
“A General who was good friends with my father. He has already informed me of his intention to retire immediately. His health is such that he must do so.”
“Surely there is another man, one who is also advanced in rank, who might be able to take over the military until you make your decision?”
“I’ll have to review the candidates.” Raene sucked her lower lip between her teeth.
Vidar resisted the urge to tug it free. Instead, he repositioned his sword. “It would be ideal if there were more Aasguard warriors making their way here. Not that they can take over your military.”
Her teeth freed her lip. “Do Aasguard warriors move about?”
“Of course. Aern and I have chosen to remain here which is why we aren’t on the move.”
“Is there any way to contact a few? You and Aern would probably enjoy a visit with some peers.” The gems glowing in her hair didn’t outshine the brilliance of her tresses.
“We would indeed. Please be aware that many have not yet adopted the crystal technology, so it is difficult to communicate with them.”
The eagerness in her eyes dimmed. Then she noticed the time. With a gasp she lifted her skirts. “Thank you. I must go. My maid will soon sound the alarm if I am not in my bedchamber.”
She offered a too quick wave then dashed out of the cavern. Aern immediately shrank and charged after her.
Vidar could well imagine the ensuing ruckus if the princess wasn’t found in her bedchamber where she was supposed to be at this time of night. He glanced up at the glass ceiling, where the stars sparkled overhead.
A clear night, and the little flickering dots dazzled against the smooth darkness. All he could see was a princess in a magnificent pale green gown, whose splendor might as well have been etched across his retinas.
Chapter 11

“Are you certain this is a good idea, Raene?” Stefana bit her lip, and her eyes more than revealed her hesitancy with this project.
Raene flipped a page in the ponderous ledger. “Yes, I’m sure.” Then she huffed out a breath. “Would you want to have to name a husband out of the rank we have?” She flung a hand toward the training yard where their current warriors kept busy.
A small, but visible, shudder shimmied down Stefana’s spine. “No. Not at all.”
“So what do you propose I do then?”
Stefana’s full lips thinned. “Keep searching through the ledgers for an older, happily married man who is capable of overseeing the military and our security.”
Raene hoped to accomplish exactly that, thanks to Aern’s brilliance.
“It is the only way I can think to not have to marry as soon as . . .” Her throat burned. “I will marry whom I choose.”
“Do you know who you want?”
“No one. I want time to grieve for my mother.” Her heart rolled. “I don’t want to have to sleep beside a man I barely know. Or have to share the bedcovers with him. Or have him roll on top of me . . .” She couldn’t continue because her insides clenched to nausea-inducing proportions.
Another shudder from Stefana. “I heartily apologize. I should have never doubted you.”
“Thank you.” Stefana’s new grasp of the situation didn’t counter the internal revolt. 
Rising in the graceful way that had always been her best friend, Stefana trailed to the bookshelf where the ledger in front of Raene lived. Browsing the various tomes packed there, Stefana plucked one off the shelf.
She resumed her seat and flipped through the weighty book. “I wish my father could take this on.”
“He was my second choice after Cousin Haines.” They both knew Henry, while a stellar man, loathed carrying a sword, and although adept with it, his genius lay in financial matters, not security. His talents kept their national treasury overflowing.
“Your Cousin Haines might take this on.” Stefana’s dark eyes met hers. “He understands how you’re feeling. Since he might also be forced to marry.”
“Yes. I haven’t given up hope on him. However, it would strain him when he already has all his ducal duties, and he also is firmly entrenched in the ways of my mother’s court. That way demands a husband of the new queen, especially when the nation’s defenses are in need.”
“It is the way of common sense, Raene.” Stefana’s hand hovered over a page in her ledger. She didn’t sound convinced.
Raene’s spine stiffened. “Yes. But I don’t know a warrior who I am permitted to marry who I want to share the sheets with.”
 Stefana paled as she pored over the tome in front of her, her air slightly frantic. Raene’s heart pounded in her ears as she bent over the ledger in front of her, every bit as studious. There had to be someone . . .

An hour later, the call of nature reared up. “I must visit the water closet.” Raene rose while Stefana frowned at her.
“Is that safe?”
“Why wouldn’t it be safe? I’ve been using it for years.”
Stefana’s lips twisted. “Never mind. I’m fretting.”
With the rustling of her heavy skirts, Raene exited the library and turned left. The corridor was busy this morning. She took the next left, where the water closet was located.
Only steps from her goal, a widower older than her father fetched up beside her. “Hello, Princess Raene.” His lecherous sweep of her person made her gawk at his lack of manners.
Raene edged away from him. “I’m sorry. I don’t remember your name.” Since you have children who are older than me.
“I am Curtis.” His breath was redolent of garlic and onions.
She barely tamped a bout of nausea.
“Right. Excuse me.” Then she ducked into the water closet. Her hand shook, so it took her a moment to send a plea via her handheld crystal for aid.
The man’s footsteps hadn’t retreated.
Wasn’t it considered bad manners to lurk outside a bathroom? Unless you were waiting for said room, yes.
“Curtis, just the man I was seeking.” Haines’ voice echoed down the hallway and Raene offered up a thank you via her crystal and in general. Both men’s footsteps faded down the corridor.
After finishing and drying her hands, Raene took a deep breath. Curtis of the onions and garlic had departed with Haines, who thankfully had rushed in to help her. She still took another breath before easing open the door.
“Princess.” This hovering man was closer to her own age. She still had to fight the urge to clap the door shut again.
White teeth gleamed in an incredibly attractive face. She carried a vague memory of him, but it remained nebulous. She still eased around the door. He courteously stepped back and bowed, gesturing for her to leave the water closet.
Doing so left a bad taste in her mouth. Safety lay behind her, behind the locked door of the water closet. Still, as the ruler of the land, in deed, if not in name, she had to react as an adult.
Straightening her shoulders, she gazed at the man in the most professional manner possible. “Do you have business with the queen?”
“No.” The amount of showing white teeth lessened. “I wished to speak with you.” The ingratiating attitude resurfaced.
Raene didn’t quell her grimace in time. “Thank you. I’m not taking appointments today. If you wish to speak to me, you must schedule a time.”
Whisking down the hallway, she thought she’d gotten rid of him, but he matched her step for step. Raene stopped, and this time she snarled, “What did I just say?” The warning echoed from deep within and it raised the hairs on her own arms.
The man leapt back as though she’d set him on fire. She wished Aern was there right then because she would have asked him to do so for her.
“Do excuse me, your majesty . . .”
She growled this time, as adrenaline raced through her bloodstream, fueling the need to rip, tear, and shred. Raene rather enjoyed the sensation and her hand flexed, as though she had Driies at her side. 
Turning abruptly, she made for her bedchamber, ignoring the warrior she left mumbling in the hallway behind her. Back straight, she stalked through the halls, and as warriors approached, ignored them.
A passing castle staff member raised a brow at her. She grabbed his arm and hauled him with her, grumbling about treacherous suitors. He obliged her by fobbing off the persistent ones.
Stuart didn’t demur and even appeared to enjoy the exercise. It didn’t hurt that he was the closest man she knew to Vidar’s size, with the muscle to back up his words.
“You have my permission to toss the next man who approaches me out the window, Stu.”
“It would be my pleasure, Raene.” Since he acted like a twin brother, he didn’t turn all royally proper on her.
For which she appreciated. Stopping in the middle of the hallway she peered at him, but then realized she couldn’t imagine sharing sheets with this man, beloved though he was. It would be unnatural. The same reason she couldn’t see herself with Stefana’s brother, despite the trust and respect she carried for both men.
“Don’t even think about it,” he warned.
“Naming you would take care of this problem.”
“I’m not a warrior.”
“No. Why didn’t you train?”
He wagged his left arm. “Remember that riding accident?”
Stuart had accompanied her in their youth. A fierce storm had risen. His mount panicked during a spectacularly electric part of the storm’s performance and the equine rolled onto Stuart’s forearm, smashing it. The healers managed to save his arm, but deemed it too weak for sword work, a necessity for any warrior.
While Stuart had trained to wield a sword with his right arm, it was obvious he didn’t have the skill there, and his weak arm would be exploited by any smart enemy. He had never shown much interest anyway in the art of sword play, much preferring to run the castle.
Stuart would one day take over as head Castle Keeper, inheriting the position from his father.
He disdained the court and their politics. While amusing, Stuart would make a terrible king. Montequirst would constantly be at war.
They traversed the floors and hallways until reaching her rooms.
“Why are we going to your bedchamber?”
He hovered in the doorway while she stalked across the floor to snag her sword from the hook where she’d been wont to hang it.
“This.” She strapped Driies’ sheath around her waist, comforted by the weight of the sword against her thigh.
“Why do you need a . . .” Stuart nodded. “Of course. They’re congregating around your person to plead their case for why they should be king.”
She shared a disgusted look with him before he escorted her back to the library.
“Where have you been?” Stefana’s hand rested against her chest, as though she’d been worried.
“I had to retrieve this.” Raene patted Driies.
“Why did you need a sword?”
Stuart explained.
“Oh no.” Stefana’s eyes clouded. “This isn’t going to stop until you’re safely wed.”
Raene’s stomach upended. “Hence the reason for my sword.”
“What do you intend to do? Run it through some idiot’s throat?” More than a hint of amusement embedded Stuart’s tone.
“If I have to.” Not even an ounce infused her own.
Chapter 12

When they exited the library for lunch, Stefana and Raene were deep in conversation. So they didn’t immediately notice the small queue waiting around the corner.
A line of warriors halted them.
“Princess.”
That tone grated on her ears.
“What are you all doing here?” Belligerence clouded her question.
One of the warriors sidled up to her. “We merely wished to speak—” He didn’t finish by way of Driies at his throat.
Speaking through clenched teeth, she said, “Upon coronation of being queen I may put every single man who has bothered me to death. Until then, I will simply run his useless throat through.”
The queue broke as the smarter ones reevaluated. “We are simply—” This time she drew blood.
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t slice off your useless head.”
Her victim’s swallow was noticeable. She eyed his Adam’s apple. He turned tail and exited down the nearest corridor.
“I am not interested in marrying at this time. If you persist in bothering me, I will see to it there are no warriors left in Montequirst.”
More stepped back and several faded through the many exits lining this corridor.
“You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Queen Margina is still alive, but you’re all circling her daughter like a flock of turkey vultures.” Stefana made this pronouncement in the disdained tones of royalty.
The last warrior followed his colleagues down the hallway away from them.
“It’s creepy the way they’re so intent on you.”
Raene sheathed Driies.
“Turkey vultures is fitting.” Her stomach protested the thought of lunch. Especially in the company of the turkeys still circling her. They had backed off for now, but not one of them had given up his quest to advance his rank.
Stefana tugged one of the footmen aside. “Frederick, the princess and I wish to dine in the smaller family dining chamber. Please see that it is set up for us immediately.”
The man bowed at Stefana’s imperious request and did as she instructed. Within minutes, the private dining chamber was prepared for the two of them, and Raene hugged her friend.
“You are brilliant.”
“I’m sorry, Raene. I had no idea how bad this warrior issue has become.” Stefana blew out a frustrated breath. “People don’t think.”
“No. They should be respectful.” They didn’t need to expound on the improprieties shown thus far.
“It’s disgusting that the only men I’d be interested in naming are good at their jobs, so they’re not even here.” Raene tapped her spoon against a plate while their server set soup in front of them.
“Correct. They’re actually patrolling and protecting our nation,” Stefana agreed. “Did you hear that Tomas has asked for Lady Sara’s hand in marriage?”
Raene dropped her spoon. It splashed soup broth all over the fine tablecloth. “He did? Oh Stefana.” She rubbed her friend’s arm in commiseration.
Tomas, a childhood friend of theirs, excelled with a sword. He was fast, smart, and a nice man. Thus far, he had been the forerunner for husband to Raene, except that she suspected Stefana harbored far fonder feelings toward him than Raene ever had.
“Yes. My mother mentioned it casually this morning.” Sara’s mother and Stella were quite close, and Sara, while younger than Raene and Stefana, was a friend of theirs. She was quiet, sweet, and very ethereal.
“She’ll make Tomas an excellent wife.”
“Yes. He mentioned last time he was home that there was someone who had caught his attention.” Stefana gazed, unseeing, at her steaming soup.
“He never mentioned her name?” Raene’s heart went out to Stefana.
“No. But I finally realized he has no interest in me.” Stefana’s brooding gaze met Raene’s. Her friend’s throat worked as her knuckles turned white around the spoon.
“I’m certain he would have been interested in you had he known of your interest. Even I didn’t know for certain.”
“You did. You had to.”
“I suspected, but I didn’t know.”
“He’s been the man I’ve always seen myself with. But from what Mother said, Tomas and Sara are very smitten with each other and pushing forward with the wedding.”
“They’ve already started to prepare for it?” Raene ceased mopping the broth still smattering the tablecloth.
“Yes. From what I gathered, they’re doing so together whenever he’s home. He makes short trips often to be with Sara.”
“I’m happy for them.”
“Yes.” Stefana’s agreement sounded strangled.
Raene picked up her spoon again. “If he’s to marry another woman, then he’s not right for you, love.”
“I’m aware of that. It still hurts.”
“Perhaps you should make your feelings for the next man more obvious?”
Stefana didn’t exactly agree, but they did eat the soup and other courses offered them. If not with appetite, at least they made an effort.
At the end of the meal, Raene asked their server to please always serve them here, in this room.
The woman nodded. “We feel the same way, your majesty. You’ve eaten far more here, in private. We noticed most of your food comes back from the main dining hall.”
Raene didn’t know what to say to that.
Stefana had no such trouble. “Indeed. It’s been a trying time, Collette.”
“We understand, Lady Stefana.”
With that, the server swept out of the room, dishes rattling.
Stefana’s steady gaze raked her. “I understand the loss of appetite, but we both need to do better. We have more responsibilities these days.”
“Aern has been helping.”
“The black dragon?”
“Yes. He’s worse than Nanny.”
Stefana’s laugh lightened the atmosphere around them.
“I can’t quite picture that, but it’s a nice thought.”
“He gets the job done.” Merely thinking about Aern made the crushing weight on her chest lighten.
Stefana laid her neatly folded napkin on the table. “We had best visit your mother.”
The crushing weight returned, with reinforcements.

“Is this necessary?”
“It might be.” He doubted this as well, but Vidar kept scrolling through the files on his crystal console. Montequirst boasted masses of warriors, but many of them were not suitable for Raene. A large number were already married, engaged, too old, too young, or too stupid to be the king.
Raene had to have discovered this already. With a nasty tightness in his chest, he clicked on those warriors on active duty. An assortment of pictures and bios of each warrior who currently served scrolled up with the touch of his finger.
There were four betrothed warriors, one newly so. This Tomas looked like he might have worked. And it stated he knew Raene personally.
While the files lacked complete details, they included enough information for Vidar to accurately assess the candidates. Scrolling through still more warriors, he frowned at another man.
“I’ve seen him,” Aern said.
The man’s name was Kjell.
“And?”
“He’s not suitable at all for Raene. There’s something off about him.” Aern’s tail swished as his eyes narrowed.
“My same thought.” Vidar flicked him off the screen and moved to the next hopeful. His chest constricted another notch.
“She has likely already been through these files.” Aern sent him a suspicious look. “And how are you able to access this information? It’s all classified.”
“We have the highest clearance in the land.”
“Oh, right. I forgot.” Aern snorted, but only a small portion of the floor charred. 
“You know, her cousin might be willing to take on the military to give her time.” Vidar tapped the wall beside his console as he peered at the bio on Haines, Duke of Lockwillow. 
“He might. But from what I’m hearing, he’s being pressured to remarry as well, since his wife died last year.”
“If he was already married, why does he have to marry again?” Ideas swirled through his mind. None of them viable.
“No children.”
“Oh. That’s bad for a duke.”
“Yes. So he might not be permitted to help Raene. Her plan could work, but maybe not. It will all depend.”
Vidar had no helpful thoughts or suggestions to add.
“It’s stupid that she has to name a husband right away.” Aern’s tail slashed against a sturdy stalactite.
Yes. Frustration clenched Vidar’s fist. “From what I’ve researched, she only has to marry in haste if Montequirst is under invasion.”
“There are plenty of rumblings.”
“Right. That’s why she’s worried about having to name the new king immediately.” Vidar frowned at the photo of the next man who might be Raene’s new husband.
This one was handsome, young, ambitious, and smart, at least according to his record. Numerous accolades from various commanding officers accompanied his file. Apparently he was also brave.
Vidar scowled at him.
Aern’s heavy breathing over his shoulder didn’t help. “This man looks promising.”
“Yes.” The word squeezed through his suddenly constricted throat.
Muttering something under his breath, Aern took out a nearby stalagmite. It crumbled into dust while Vidar narrowed his eyes at his friend. The next unfortunate stalagmite turned into crumbling black powder by the force of Aern’s snort.
“What’s wrong with you?” There was an edge to Vidar’s sharp question.
Aern clapped one front foot over his mouth. “Never mind.” He appeared to be fighting off sniggers. And losing.
Arguing with the dragon didn’t seem worth his time, so Vidar bookmarked the young man and moved on. The next two also showed promise. At least he found nothing to disqualify them.
Three potential husbands, all of them near Raene’s age, and each capable of being king to her queen.
His teeth started to ache, so he consciously relaxed his jaw.
“Maybe you should do something else.” Aern’s mild suggestion didn’t dissipate Vidar’s urge to pound the granite walls.
It took every ounce of self-discipline he’d learned over the years to force himself into the state of calm he normally resided at.
What’s wrong with me?
Chapter 13

“I must go visit my mother.” Raene’s throat worked to clear the large knot there, but her efforts didn’t amount to much.
Stefana hugged her. “Do you wish me to accompany you?”
“No.” The knot grew. “No, there isn’t anything you can do.”
“I could be a support to you.”
Raene had to swallow hard again. The lump countered this action by growing in the vicinity of her heart. The back of her eyes burned. “Thank you.”
Stefana squeezed her shoulder before Raene swept out of the room and down the corridor. The weight of Driies proved comforting as she padded down the hallway.
No one stopped her, despite her slowing steps. It took far too little time to reach the doors guarding her mother’s bedchamber.
A deep breath did nothing but pull in the stench of decay and impending death.
Her insides tightened as she fought the urge to flee in the opposite direction.
With quavering insides, Raene turned the doorknob and entered the room. Here the malodor assaulted and she sagged to her knees. Gagging, she clapped a hand over her nose and mouth as a healer raced to her side.
The woman affixed a scarf over her head and draped it to protect the lower half of Raene’s face. The healer wore a similar covering, and it masked her face so only her eyes showed. They radiated with concern.
“’Tis not safe for you to be here, your highness.”
“She’s my mother, Tilly.”
“Yes.” A wealth of sorrow and concern exuded from the healer’s answer. She escorted Raene across the room to where Margina lay.
The queen’s lungs heaved in great gasps, as though they weren’t able to suck in enough air. Margina’s skin was more than tinged with blue. It blended with a putrid yellow to produce the green of sickness.
Heart pounding, Raene stood at her mother’s side and contemplated the face she no longer recognized. Tears blurred the ghastly image.
“Is she aware?” Her voice was harsh and hoarse.
“No, Princess Raene. She is no longer cognizant.” Tilly’s firm, no-nonsense answer somehow helped.
It reassured her that Margina didn’t suffer now.
The rattle of overworked lungs expanded in the room. The walls seemed to press in, closer and closer. “I can’t . . .” She broke off, and Tilly indicated the door.
“You shouldn’t be here.” Tilly clicked her teeth. “It’s no place for a princess. You cannot help your mother. No one can.”
Clutching at this excuse not to listen her parent’s strained breathing, Raene fled. She sped past her own bedchamber before about-facing. Changing into trousers and tunic, she opened the secret door Vidar had shown her.
Her heart pounded in rhythm with her unsteady footfalls and jagged breathing.
Vidar asked no questions when she appeared suddenly in the cavern.
The sound of him unsheathing his sword offered up what she needed. His massive shadow provided additional support, as did his understanding.
She drew Driies and then attacked, clanging swords with him, snarling, and once screaming.
His jaw tightened, but he never once came close to harming her. He also never offered her the opening to harm him. Instead, their swords clattered in the stillness of the stone room.
“Your mother has taken a turn for the worse.” It was not a question.
She nodded because words were beyond her.
His mouth tightened as he upped the stakes by thrusting deep and hard. She countered his onslaught with an accompanying burst of adrenaline.
“Do not turn so abruptly. Follow it through fast, but with control,” he directed after she almost slipped.
“You need additional control.” His voice penetrated the swirling decline of her thoughts.
Yanking herself back into the scrimmage took precious energy, but she shoved everything out of her mind except the battle before her. Vidar’s next strike slashed too close to her face, and she deflected it with the same smooth motion he had used a moment ago. Not as elegant as his, but it did keep her face intact.
He foiled her next parry with a flick that knocked her back, but she retained her footing. Lunging, she eluded the massive blade with a quick dance, and then ducked under the gleaming edge to spring up on his other side.
Raene allowed a grin of triumph. Especially when respect lit his eyes. “Excellent foot work.”
Yet he warded her off as though she was a buzzing housefly. She set her back teeth and prevented him from gaining ground. Not that he tried very hard, but she did deter his forward thrust.
The clang of metal on metal released the tension pulling so tight she feared it might burst through her skin. Their grunts and her ability to shriek at the fates for taking her mother so soon proved a welcome balm.
To have this outlet made tears well.
Stepping back, she wiped away the lone trickling tear. “Thank you.”
He didn’t say anything, just nodded before blocking her next parry.
When they concluded their exercise, a note of respect continued to gleam in his eyes. “You would have survived this fight.”
She started. “Really?”
“Yes. You kept focused while in battle. At least after I cautioned you. That generally means you keep your head, literally and figuratively.”
“This is excellent news.” Raene eyed him. “If I had been fighting you, personally, I would or wouldn’t have survived?”
“Well . . .”
Aern plodded in. “Most Aasguard warriors wouldn’t survive a fight with him. So, no, with him, you wouldn’t have survived.”
“Sit before you take out something important.” Vidar directed Aern in an aside, his tone mild.
The black dragon did sit, although it appeared more as though his hind quarters gave out than that he planned to seat himself. The cavern shook for a moment before, after a small rock fall, and a cloud of dust that made her cough, the air cleared so she could see again.
It helped when Vidar paced to his crystal console and engaged a lever beside it. Huge fans whirled on to suck out the dust cloud. He didn’t even cough—perhaps he was used to this.
“So if I had been facing a normal foe, I had a chance at living?” She drew her lower lip between her teeth.
“Yes. You’ve vastly improved. You’re certainly competent now.”
Releasing her lip, she nodded. “Thank you.”
In the overhead lights, it looked as if his cheeks flushed, but that might have been a trick of the light and the still settling dust.
“I’m happy to assist you. It’s vital that you know how to defend yourself.”
“I came here with the intention of learning to do so.”
“It was a burning desire within you, and a good one.” His quiet statement reminded her this man could read thoughts. Perhaps not direct ones, but he certainly understood purpose.
It’s far too late to block him now, a knowledgeable voice piped up from the back of her mind. 
Yes. It was too late for many things.
“Regardless of what compelled you here, it does matter that you know how to use your trusty little sword.” At Aern’s statement they all gazed at Driies, which she still hadn’t sheathed.
Reminding herself this was a deadly weapon, she did slide it into the scabbard. Vidar had done so with his sword immediately their session concluded. Like the professional he was. Her father would have been horrified at her novice mistake.
She grimaced to herself. A good thing being a warrior wasn’t her career path.
A dark cloud blocked the sunlight and they all peered up at the sky, far over their heads.
Vidar and Aern’s eyes slitted as they exchanged a look.
It took her a moment to clear her throat. “What’s going on?”
“It looks like rain.” Aern’s tone would have been at home in any of the stately manors dotting the countryside.
The heavens opened then with an impressive deluge. “I need to take my leave.” Her heart dropped. Leaving was the last thing she wished to do but this rain meant she would need to be on hand to make decisions. Mudslides were a persistent problem this time of year.
“You know you’re always welcome here.” Aern’s expression turned both sly and wry. “We don’t get out much.”
Vidar snorted. He still stood in front of his crystal, and his intent face troubled her.
“I enjoy visiting you.”
“We’re appreciative.” Aern resettled his girth. His tail curled around his feet like a cat’s. The tip flicked from time to time.
“Be safe,” Vidar warned as she turned to leave.
She opened her mouth, but then shut it again, because she didn’t quite know how to answer. Instead she sent him and the dragon a smile before making for her bedchamber at a high rate of speed.
Stretching her muscles like this felt good. The tightness in them had dissipated, although her heart still hung heavy and cold in her chest. That might never disappear though.
After washing away the sweat and dust of battle, she tugged on her court dress, strapped Driies snuggly at her hip and took a deep breath.
The urge to flee back into the bowels of the castle was overwhelming.
Raene squared her shoulders and valiantly resisted the urge.
She didn’t take time to delve into the reasons behind her desire. The answer might not be to her liking.
Sometimes it was better to bury reasonings and desires deep until such time as it was safe it unearth them. That might be never…
Chapter 14

Urgent shaking awoke her. Raene’s heart leapt into her throat as Ariadne roused her. With firm, steady hands, and a grim mouth.
“My mother?”
“Yes, love. You must come.” Raene stumbled out of bed and donned whatever was handed to her. It proved difficult to dress with shaking hands and a sinking heart.
The healer aided her, and all too soon led the way out of her bedchamber and into her mother’s. The room reeked of death.
Rattling from the bed told Raene her mother had not died. She hurried to the mattress where her mother’s body barely made a dent on the soft surface.
Sinking onto it, she took Margina’s hand in hers. “Mother?”
Her breath caught in her throat when those beloved blue eyes fluttered open. They seared into her. “Raene.” Her name barely made a sound on the chapped lips.
Heaving lungs, and more rattling, were accompanied by what she now identified as a death rattle.
“I love you,” Raene whispered fiercely, her hand gripping her mother’s as if she held tight enough, she could prevent her parent from slipping away into the next life.
“Love you.” Margina’s words were wisps, held together by dreams and a plea.
Her blue eyes lasered Raene with more love than ever, before they shut. The death rattle rose, like a horrific crescendo, clacking out of tune and in discordant tones until her mother took a final breath that ended on a sigh.
Then the fingers gripping hers loosened and Margina’s entire body relaxed.
Raene’s own breath stalled as she choked on the welling sorrow. Tears caught and her limbs shook as denial burst through her.
Strong hands drew her away from her mother. “She is at rest now, Raene.” Ariadne’s firm grip reminded Raene that her mother would never hold her hand again. Never brush hair off her forehead or tell her she loved her.
Sobs butted against each other and she fled from the room as though all the warriors of Montequirst chased her. Her feet flew over the stones as she burst into her bedchamber to hurtle the expanse to the hidden doorway there.
Sprinting faster, lungs heaving as her heart threatened to burst, she flew on feet that barely touched the floor. The corner appeared faster than she expected and she slammed into it before correcting her course, ignoring the pain slashing up her arm to her shoulder.
When she entered the cavern, Vidar turned and it took him one second to realize what had happened.
He opened his arms.
Later, she wasn’t certain how she had gotten there, but when they closed around her, the sobs finally burst free and she collapsed against him. Weeping with all the pain inside her at the unfairness of life and losing her second parent.
Vidar said nothing. There were no words to offer. He held her tightly, not hurting her, but with the security she craved.
Soothing little noises tumbled from his throat.
A scaled head bumped her from behind and Raene reached out to clasp Aern close as well. The two warriors said nothing as she released her sorrow, pain, and fears into Vidar’s absorbent shirt.
Aching from head to foot when her tears finally dried, a curious numbness descended. A sense of peace settled over her, cloaking her in a much needed respite.
A noise from the front of the cavern, from the direction of the main part of the castle, made the three of them spin toward it.
Stefana, tears streaking her face, sprinted toward them, skirts clutched in her hands. Vidar released Raene so she could encompass her best friend in her arms. They clung together, as fresh tears deluged their faces.
They huddled close to Vidar, with him at Raene’s back, as she held tight to Stefana. “I just heard.” Stefana offered the most unladylike sniff Raene had ever heard, and it lightened her heart.
Aern pushed a box of tissues close and they both thanked him as they cleaned up their faces and blew their noses.
“You were with Margina when she died?” Vidar’s calm, rumbling voice further eased the pain still coursing through her.
“Yes.” She lifted teary eyes to his silver ones. “She told me she loved me.”
His face contorted as his arms contracted around her again. “A gift.”
Nodding, because she couldn’t speak, she plucked more tissues from the inlaid wooden chest and leaned on him, thankful for his strength and warmth. Stefana stayed close to Aern whose bulk offered additional reassurance.
“You’re now the queen.” Stefana’s eyes met hers and they both started crying again, squeezing each other.
“I just want my mother back.”
Stefana’s nod was vigorous. Vidar’s grip on her tightened. She held on to him and her best friend, needing the support of both.
“It’s best to get all of this out now,” Aern advised.
She swallowed, because thoughts of the morrow remained darker than the gleaming scales protecting the compassionate dragon.

His heart still hadn’t caught up with itself. Even after Raene stopped shivering against him. Her tears came in bouts, but she was calmer. Vidar felt the deep well of sorrow that continued to flood her.
Although they had been aware they faced this grief, it was impossible to prepare for it. One couldn’t prepare for death. Death was black and white. No gray areas. You were either alive or dead.
With Margina now gone, Raene’s life was forever changed. By the way she clung to him, she feared this. No more interaction with the woman she respected and loved. No hugs, no smiles, no advice.
As of tonight, Margina ceased to exist in their world—she had now been relegated to the realm of memories. Those would console Raene, but they wouldn’t uphold her in this time of dire need.
But he could. He possessed the strength to carry her through. If he was permitted. The rules of conduct between the monarch and the warrior who guarded her treasures had dimmed. He glanced at his companion, but guessed Aern had no better idea than he did on this changing world.
Deciding not to worry about the rules tonight, he basked in the scent of the woman who had sprinted to him.
Warmth swelled. He was alive tonight. Never before had he appreciated what being alive meant. Never before had he experienced it to this extent.
He’d been living in a gray zone for much of his life. Until this woman brought color and purpose to him. He had never lost the ability to see colors, but they’d faded, along with emotions.
While he wasn’t enjoying the deep sorrow he shared with her, he valued it. Because those grim emotions meant he lived. Through her, he experienced something he’d lost and never noticed.
Now alive, he didn’t want to return to that emotionless existence. He wanted to scoop up this woman and keep her for himself.
And therein lay madness.
His arms loosened as she stepped away. Cold swirled around him at the loss of her gentle heat. His heart flapped in protest and he barely resisted clapping his hand against his chest.
Raene laid a hand on Aern, then brushed a tear from Stefana’s face.
The princess’ blue eyes remained overly bright from unshed tears, but Raene settled in the chair he provided. Aern seated Stefana in a second chair, while Vidar dropped into the third.
Aern produced a tea tray and the two women both appeared to appreciate it. Raene poured the tea and handed the sweet brew to each of them. Her hand shook as she raised the delicate teacup. The beverage never made it her lips. She lowered the cup back to the saucer, where it made a small tinkling sound.
“You’ve lost a lot of fluids, drink up,” Aern encouraged.
Stefana managed to take a sip, but Raene’s hand trembled. Vidar laid his over hers and assisted her with taking a sip. 
With his help, Raene drank two cups of the tea. Then the emotional storm left behind a blessed weariness. Her eyelids stole down and he whisked her out of her chair and into his lap. She snuggled against him as though this was an everyday occurrence.
His very essence swelled and then sang a little tune. Blinking, he stared into the sleepy face of the woman in his lap and his arms tightened.
Stefana’s teacup clinked a final time as she set it back on the saucer before she stood. “You’ll see that Raene returns to her bed?”
She spoke to him and Vidar nodded, because his throat tightened.
“Thank you.” She laid a hand on his shoulder and squeezed before offering Aern a hug. Then she padded from the cavern into the tunnel beyond. Aern tracked her progress on the monitors, to make certain she returned safely to her own bedchamber. 
When his friend relaxed, Vidar once again savored the feeling of the woman in his arms.
How he wished . . .
But Aasguard warriors weren’t permitted to dream. Their lives consisted of serving others. The lucky ones paired with a dragon for company but they didn’t marry. Didn’t take a spouse to see them through the long, lonely years. It wasn’t done.
His heart rolled over in defeat.
“She needs to be returned to her bed.” Aern nudged him.
Vidar settled the sleeping princess, no queen, in his arms. He stood. She lay curled against him as though she belonged.
“I can’t,” he whispered, his voice strangling in his too tight throat.
“Yes, you can.” Aern’s glowing eyes swirled with all the colors of green. His power encased the room, and especially Vidar and Raene. “You will do what must be done, because that is what you’ve always done.”
Vidar carried Raene out of the cavern he’d called home since before her birth. Down the passage to her bed. Further and further away from where he wished to go.
His stomach muscles tightened to the point of pain. This wasn’t the way of the Aasguard warrior.
A mate wasn’t his lot.
Each step grew heavier and heavier until he stood outside the door of her bedchamber.
To enter and rest her on her bed was the right thing to do.
His arms clenched, drawing her tighter against him.
But . . .
Chapter 15

Sunlight streamed across her face when Raene opened her eyes. She was ensconced in her bed. Sitting up in dismay, her heart thudded until Vidar’s scent circled her and settled her near frantic flight. Glancing around the room, she noted he wasn’t here. But his scent lingered. He had been here with her.
A vague memory swirled of him holding her hand after he laid her on the bed. Emotional exhaustion had kept her from awaking fully, but she remembered clinging to his hand, and him settling beside her, watching over her until he left.
Now as the sunlight dappled the wall beside her, her heart sank, despite Vidar’s reassuring scent. The memory of why he’d been with her last evening toppled her thoughts and emotions into a cauldron of chaos. Sorrow, panic, and fear all grappled with each other for preeminence.
Her maid knocked on the door and entered. Anneke stood uncertainly by the bed. “I heard. . .” Then she swallowed loudly in the roaring quiet.
“Yes, my mother passed away last night.”
A choked noise escaped as Anneke clapped a hand over her mouth. Raene shimmied to the side so Anneke could drop onto the edge while she contained her emotions.
“I’m so sorry.”
“It was a difficult night.” Until she escaped to Vidar and Aern. But Raene didn’t voice that.
“What happens now?”
“I don’t know.” Raene fluffed her hair off her face, and tossed it over her shoulder. The ends bounced on the mattress.
“No one has mentioned this to you?” Anneke sounded horrified.
“No. I’m not certain I would have been of the mind to listen anyway.”
Another knock at the door sent Anneke across the room to open it. Stella and Stefana entered the chamber.
“Raene, I’m so sorry to hear of your mother.” Indeed, tear streaks lined Stella’s face and Raene launched into her arms. They had a nice cry together, with Stefana entering their little huddle.
Once they composed themselves, Anneke helped her dress, at Stella’s direction.
“You know what we’re to do?” Raene gnawed her lower lip.
“Of course. I assisted when Margina was named queen.” Stella handed her a stocking. “She didn’t know what to expect either. It’s fitting that I be with her daughter.” Stella’s throat worked. She blinked rapidly, and Raene understood.
“I don’t want this to be the end.”
“It’s the end of your mother’s life and reign. Today is also the first day of your reign. Therefore we will meet this head-on.”
“What does that mean?” she whispered to Stefana when Stella turned away to say something to Anneke.
“I don’t know.” Stefana shrugged, and her lack of concern helped somehow.
After dressing in one of her most elaborate gowns, one she would have never worn in the morning like this, Raene reached for Driies.
“You can’t wear a sword.” Scandalous notes intertwined Stella’s protest.
Raene didn’t falter in donning the sheath. It felt familiar and this tight waisted gown actually worked well with the sword case. She patted Driies while she looked Stella in the eyes.
“There is unrest all around us. Until such a time as we know we are safe, I shall wear my weapon.”
Stella matched her stare for stare for several heartbeats, and despite her mouth firming, the older woman did relent.
“I didn’t believe you were going to win that one.” Stefana admitted when Stella’s back was turned.
There had been no question in Raene’s mind. She couldn’t face what lay beyond this room without her sword’s solid presence. Its addition seemed to bring with it the strength of her mighty ancestress, Bronwyn.
Raene firmed her spine and squared her shoulders when the time came to leave the chamber. Vidar’s faint scent continued to circulate through the room and it bolstered her confidence.
Today would determine her fate. The choices made this day would also determine the outcome of the people of Montequirst.
She couldn’t mess this up. It was far too important.
Her heart slammed against her ribcage as though it wanted out. Raene concurred.

Upon leaving her bedroom, black flags greeted her. They hung crisp and dark against the intricate woodwork dotting the hallway.
The number of mourning signs grew as they progressed down halls and into the main rotunda of the castle. Here whole tapestries hung in testament to the sorrow of the night. Her heart continued to pound, beating in her ears, so Raene barely heard the murmured remarks and greetings of the staff.
These visible signs increased her urge to race back to her bed and squeeze under it. To flee from her circumstances and hide away.
No one should have to go through the day as though they hadn’t just lost a parent. The last time she faced this, her mother was still with her and had shown her what to do. Now she was alone in the world.
Until Haines, the Duke of Lockwillow, stepped through a door and engulfed her in his tight embrace. She returned the much needed hug, and they wiped tears from the other’s eyes. “You’ve had a difficult night.”
“Yes. Now I have no idea what I’m to do.” She whispered this admission to him.
“Of course you do not. That is one of the reasons why I am here.” He escorted her, Stefana, and Stella to the private dining room she and Stefana had been using. Henry was already there, and he greeted them. Breakfast was a private affair, fortunately, with only the five of them. She couldn’t have endured the formal dining hall.
Haines seated her while Henry seated his wife and daughter. Then they all drank from the steaming mugs in front of them. Raene hadn’t realized how much she needed the stimulant as she took another bracing sip. Then breakfast was served and she ate what little she could manage.
“Today we will mourn your mother. But we must also formally acknowledge you as the queen.”
“It’s too soon.”
“I agree. However, it is a necessity. The sooner you are named the queen, the less likelihood of disruptions.” Haines added jam to his toast, but set the bread down.
“We believe there are factions who intend to...question your ability to lead.” Henry stirred his porridge.
“This happens every time there is a change in monarch. However, we’re hearing more and more rumors, so it’s best to impose this immediately.” Haines shared a look with Henry, before both focused on her.
“I don’t want to be queen.”
Haines grimaced. “No, but you are the next in line to rule. It is your duty and your honor.” He set his spoon aside. “You have been trained to be the queen since the cradle, Raene.”
She couldn’t dispute this. Her pending reign was simply happening too soon. “I would far rather there be an appropriate time of mourning before this occurs.”
“Of course you do. It would be everyone’s preference. However, if we do this, informally if you will, today, then we can offer a far more formal ceremony in the future.”
Henry leaned forward. “We are hoping if we announce the formal ceremony, we can postpone your need to name a husband today.”
Her heart skipped. “So I won’t need to do so today?”
“Hopefully not.” Henry held up a hand. “Please be aware we aren’t certain of this.”
Haines’ mouth turned grim. “It’s barbaric that you must name one so soon. Your mother was given a year.”
“I want a year.” Whining was fruitless but it made her feel better.
“We hope to buy you a month, on the outside, but it might not work.” Haines’ eyes met hers.
Even though her heart dropped, she nodded. “I appreciate your efforts.”
“What happens today?” Stefana radiated the same amount of tension racking Raene.
“The nation is waiting to say goodbye to their former queen. She will need to be buried with her mothers.” Haines stirred his coffee, but he didn’t drink any of it. “Then they’ll wish to see their new queen.”
Silence engulfed the room.
Raene needed time to say goodbye. But that wasn’t the practice of royalty. At least not here. She would need to formally accept the duties her mother oversaw.
Her eyes met Stefana’s. Understanding gleamed there, as her friend was well aware she would be appointed the princess’s duties. At least until Raene produced a child. Whichever gender her child was, would become the crown princess or prince.
Since Bronwyn, the first child had always been a girl.
Raene shoved her plate away, after barely touching the contents. Her companions seemed of equal mind. They rose with her, and the five of them silently left the breakfast room.
It was time.
Her uncertain future and the present had collided.

Taking this path into the very depths of the castle soothed Raene. Only this time she didn’t walk alone. Their footsteps rang out on the stone floor and even though her party spoke in muted tones, the words echoed through the tunnels.
The murmur of many voices greeted them as they neared Vidar’s domain. The expansive room should be able to hold all of today’s mourners.
Raene firmed her flagging spirits because she was expected to do so. Her heart hung heavy and low in her chest. Tears kept trying to choke her. They threatened to streak her face.
She had no recourse for today.
This needed to be endured.
In the very center of the room lay the white marble royal casket. Closed, as blue fever wreaked havoc on the victim. Pictures of her mother were scattered around the space. Cheerful rays of sunlight streamed across the scene. They lit up the paintings of her mother smiling at various stages in her reign.
Upon Raene’s arrival, all murmurings ceased.
The entire congregation stood, now silent as they took in the sight of her. Her heart once again threatened to leave her, and her eyes sought escape until they lit on the tall, silent warrior across the room.
Their eyes met and her heart stopped clattering. It stilled, then beat steady again.
The next breath she drew wasn’t painful. Calm settled over her and strength poured through her until she could stand tall.
She sent him her thanks, hoping he read her. Raene didn’t entirely understand the extent of his abilities, but everyone knew Aasguard warriors could discern emotions and intentions.
He had probably realized she was on the verge of escaping.
One dark eyebrow rose, and she had to hide her sheepish expression. A fleeting smile twitched his lips.
Her heart swelled and she finally felt like she might be capable of enduring today.
But she still longed to flee; right into his arms.
Chapter 16

Raene’s face was so pale, she looked in danger of fainting. He sent her whatever strength he could.
Satisfaction darted through him when she straightened. Her shoulders squared and she looked far more prepared to face the funeral. There was no way to prepare for a funeral, not of a loved one.
One of the royal dukes stepped forward. While bowed with age and frail looking, this member of royalty remained a giant in the court. Margina had trusted this smallish man, and Vidar was certain Raene could as well.
The only intentions Vidar received from him was to finish this as soon as possible. He felt for Raene and wanted to see her future safely sealed.
“I am the Duke of Larkswallow. In service to the queen for fifty-five years.” Margina hadn’t reigned for that length of time. So he had seen at least two queens, now three, who would take the throne in his time.
“We will now bury our queen.” The next intonation came from a woman, robed in royal apparel, and as old as Larkswallow. She spoke, although not long, but beautifully, to help aid those who grieved.
Vidar assessed that most of the people here in this chamber did mourn. There were a few who veered closer to gloating, and at least two who planned to use this situation to their advantage.
Keeping an eye on them wasn’t difficult. He and Aern had made certain all their security crystals worked and now displayed those of interest. Aern was present, but hidden and he kept watch on the same individuals, of whose intentions he also could read.
The robed woman spoke of healing and peace, and both settled over those congregated. Raene’s head bowed, and he thought she sniffed a few times.
He wanted to hold her, but such an action was inappropriate. For him at any rate. Stefana and her mother were capable of offering this service, and both ladies did so with alacrity. The three women clung to one another’s hands.
One perfect tear slid from Raene’s eye and he couldn’t not track its progress across her dewy cheek. Aern clearing his throat finally yanked him back to the present.
Aern’s gesture held notes of warning.
This alert wrenched Vidar back into the moment—guarding the treasures he had been entrusted with. He still caught his gaze straying to Raene throughout the ceremony.
When the fire pit burst to life, appearing only for a royal funeral, it flared brighter than most had likely ever seen. Gasps filtered through the room, Raene’s among them.
The flames beat higher and higher until they jumped to the royal box. The entire area flared bright blue, much like the color of the late queen’s eyes. And those of her daughter.
They engulfed the casket and flamed brighter and hotter until the lid opened to reveal nothing inside. More gasps spread through the room.
“It is done,” the woman intoned. “Margina, the Queen of Montequirst, has been laid to rest with her mothers.”
The Duke of Larkswallow offered the final benediction. His voice echoed throughout the chamber as the casket lid shut and then the entire box sank into the floor, as though on a lift. The opening where the royal casket had emerged disappeared as though it had never been.
The flames erupted again, and the image of Queen Margina appeared within them. “I now pronounce my beloved daughter, Raene, as the Queen of Montequirst. I am proud of you, my daughter. Your reign will change the course of Montequirst forever. You must choose wisely.”
With those words which had sent Raene’s hand to her heart, the flames formed into a tall column that slowly toppled into the pit where they collapsed on top of each other, tumbling over and over. With a small poof and a burst of blue light, the blaze dissipated.
Silence rang through the cavern.
“Raene, Queen of Montequirst,” Larkswallow enunciated, holding out his hand to her.
Raene swallowed hard enough it was visible, but she did step toward the royal duke. Her hand slid into his and he held their clasped hands aloft. “As per Margina, our late queen, we now welcome her daughter to be our monarch. Long live the queen.”
“Long live the queen,” those assembled chanted.
The Duke of Lockwillow paced to where Raene stood. “There is planned a formal coronation of the queen in one month’s time. We know we have a queen, but her indoctrination will occur in one month.”
“She has to name a husband,” one of the older warriors growled. His chubby hand rested on his sword hilt.
Vidar picked up that he was newly widowed, and looking for wife number four or five.
Several of the other warriors added their voices to the demand.
Raene’s color paled two additional notches. She swayed. Stefana caught her and glared at the men clamoring for more than any woman should have to endure.
“She is mourning her mother. There will be time to name the king in one month’s time.” If anyone thought it odd that another maiden snapped at them, Raene didn’t offer them time to counter.
“This is Princess Stefana, she is the acting Princess of Montequirst.” Raene’s tones displayed her royal and upright position.
Eyebrows rose at this pronouncement.
Larkswallow took control once again. “It is time for Queen Raene to choose her crown.”
A woman produced the crown Margina had selected all those years ago. She handed it to Raene whose fingers gripped the delicate precious metal and gems with fierce pressure.
The Duke of Lockwillow escorted her across the chamber to right beside Vidar. Vidar touched the door to the treasure chamber and it revealed itself. He touched it again and the door slid open.
Lockwillow left her.
“Enter,” Vidar invited her.
His heartbeats-per-minute jumped considerably.
He used every bit of discipline earned through the centuries to remain at his post.

This should have been enjoyed with her mother. Instead, the burial fires had carried Margina away. Leaving Raene alone. Completely alone. Her soul echoed with hollowness, empty and cold.
Everyone waited for her to enter the treasure chamber. With a deep breath, Raene grasped her long skirts, and did so. She stepped hesitantly through the door. 
Aern loomed in front of her and a fraction of warmth suffused her at his greeting. No one could see them, so she hugged him before he led her to where the crowns were displayed.
This wall comprised a glittering compilation of gems and precious metals that her family had collected over the years. All of them valuable and pleasing, the men’s on the left, the women’s on the right. The vast array of crowns made her decision difficult.
Today her task was to select the crown that would adorn her head for official events during the length of her reign. It provided the symbol of her power as a monarch.
Fingering the delicate crown in her hands, she studied her mother’s choice. Delicate but strong, like her mother. Beautiful.
One slot remained among the women’s crowns. Holding her breath, and hands trembling, Raene fitted the one her mother had worn into the empty space. The entire collection flared a bright green, sparkling and beaming. A breeze filtered through the chamber, and passed over the collection twice, leaving them clean and shining.
She swallowed as she studied the remaining crowns. Nothing spoke to her.
It won’t, not until you choose your king.
The voice that spoke wasn’t familiar to her, yet it was. She recognized a familial resemblance, but had never heard it.
You are the hope of this kingdom. Who you choose will forever alter Montequirst. He must be the most worthy warrior of all time.
Who? She cried, wailing the entreaty.
No answer came, but a surge of warmth infused her, as though the voice sought to encourage her in her decision.
She perused the crowns again, but none of them responded. None called for her to choose, because this decision needed to be done together with the husband she named. Her mother had chosen her warrior a year after she became queen.
Raene had to choose now.
Today.

She stepped from the chamber. All eyes slid to her empty head and hands.
“I did not select a crown.” Her voice wobbled, so she cleared her throat. “I am to choose my husband today.”
All of the warriors, lined along the walls, stepped forward, hands on their sword hilts. Shoulders straight, heads held high while the smirks on several hard faces made her insides roil. None of them, please, she entreated.
Raene made an effort not to look in their direction. “Before she died, my mother reminded me to choose wisely.”
“Raene, you do realize there are rules you must follow in this decision?” Haines sounded agitated.
“Yes. If you will please repeat them for the assembly.” She used one hand to gesture toward those who observed the proceedings. Her heart thumped in her ears.
Haines reached into his breast pocket and extracted a rolled parchment. He unfurled it and proceeded to read the key points.
“The new king must be a warrior. He must reside in Montequirst. He must be the greatest of warriors, with unquestioned skill. He must be capable of ruling. He must be upstanding and worthy of the place of king.”
Once he finished reciting the list, Haines tucked the parchment back into his pocket. His questioning gaze met hers.
But her heart didn’t pound now. Even her treacherous stomach didn’t offer a single protest. The weighty advice she’d been given these last few days finally made sense.
Choose wisely.
Those words, and the advice contained within them, finally coalesced. To choose wisely often meant going against what a person desired. To decide against what appealed for what did not appeal, because self-denial secured the future.
But taken in the context of the best warrior, the most upstanding citizen, and the most capable of ruling, only one candidate stood out. And he was who she wanted now and for her future.
There wasn’t another man she wished to share the sheets with. There wasn’t another man whose wet towel she was willing to pick up off the floor and hang repeatedly.
She couldn’t name another man present more worthy to produce the next ruler of Montequirst. Heat suffused her cheeks, but Raene had made her decision. And it had been easy.
“You have decided?” Curtis, the warrior of the onion and garlic breath, asked. Excitement lit his eyes, as if certain she would choose him. Ugh.
Raene barely avoided a tragic shudder.
Holding her head high, she made her announcement. “I have decided on the king. There is only one man who meets all the specified criteria.”
She had stopped just inside the door. Behind her, Aern nudged her to exit the room. Before doing so she glanced over her shoulder, where two crowns gleamed in the light encasing the chamber. As though reassuring her this was the right decision.
With a sure step out of the chamber she faced the man she wanted. “The man who will be your king.” She used both hands to present him. “Vidar the Loyal.”
His mouth dropped open. “I am Aasguard.”
“Yes. Therefore, you are the greatest warrior who resides in Montequirst. The one man who is worthy to be king. And of royal blood.” She smiled at him.
“Can a . . .” For the first time in her memory, he floundered.
“There is no reason why Aasguard warriors cannot marry and have children. And absolutely no reason why they can’t be king. An Aasguard possesses all the necessary skills, in abundance.” Aern pronounced this from the doorway of the treasure chamber.
The congregation gasped and stepped back as one, despite the fact he’d shrunk himself to the size of an ox.
Raene took Vidar’s hand. His closed fiercely around hers. Protecting it, warming it, supporting her. But his face blanked.
Her heart dropped. She hadn’t thought this through. Hadn’t even considered his ideas or wants or needs.
What if he says no? Her throat tightened.
“Are you certain?” His silver eyes gleamed with promises and secrets.
Her throat opened again but all she could manage was a brisk nod.
“You must be certain, Raene.” His quiet voice rang with authority. 
“I have been told repeatedly to choose wisely. You are, thusly, my only choice.” Please say yes.
“I accept.” He swept her off her feet and into his arms to kiss her with fierce emotion.
She kissed him back as bubbles of happiness shot through her veins. When he set her back on her feet, she drew him into the treasure room.
There, the two crowns that had caught her eye glimmered in the gem-light. They nestled side by side, both on the plainer side, yet beautiful and strong. Obviously a pair, and they glowed amid the abundant display of crowns.
Haines joined them in the treasury to lift the two crowns. He gestured for her and Vidar to proceed him out of the room. He and Aern accompanied them into the cavern where Haines set the queen’s crown on her head before settling the king’s on Vidar’s in the presence of their people.
“We are pleased to present your new queen and king.”
“When’s the wedding?” Stefana’s happy question made the bubbles in Raene’s veins shoot to her head.
“In one month’s time?” Haines questioned with a raised eyebrow.
“No, in two weeks time. That should give us time to settle any issues or matters,” Vidar answered with confidence. Her heart contracted, as the hollowness in her started to fill.
“In two weeks time,” she agreed. His arm crooked around her to haul her close.
Savoring his warmth, she enjoyed his masculine scent and the right to be here, in his arms.
“You have much to do.” Raene heard Haines’ warning, but her husband-to-be bent to kiss her again, so she didn’t pay attention.
Never before had a man looked so amazing in a crown. His fit him perfectly, not showy in the least, but steady and sturdy. Assured.
Hers weighed heavy on her head, as most crowns did. They induced headaches, but this one, while plain, was light enough she could wear it for an extended period, hopefully.
Vidar’s crown added to his sheer majesty. He had earned this ranking, but had also obtained it due to his utter lack of interest in the position. Yet ironically, through his indisputable skills, he was the most qualified.
Fighting him for the sheets sounded like fun rather than vomit inducing.
These thoughts reassured Raene that, despite her doubts, she was ready to be wed.
Chapter 17

After everyone filed out of the cavern, and left him alone with Aern and Raene, Vidar’s heart squeezed. Raene, his fiancée. Nowhere in history had he heard of an Aasguard warrior marrying.
“Who will guard the treasury?” He stroked a finger along Raene’s cheek. “Where will I live?”
“You do have details to work out.” Aern plodded into sight after securing the treasure room. “I am perfectly capable of protecting the treasury. Especially after all we’ve done over the years to further the security measures.”
Raene’s luminous eyes gleamed as she stroked his jaw. Happiness radiated from both her and him to meet in the middle. He resisted the urge to crush her against him. To yell in triumph. This amazing woman had chosen him.
He might as well be twenty feet tall with armored plating. Not even Aern at his fiercest could knock him off this pinnacle.
“We have to choose our bridal chamber, our coat of arms, and our wedding appointments.”
“Bridal chamber?” His eyebrows lifted.
“Yes. The rooms we’ll live in after we are wed.”
“Where you’ll make the royal babies.” Aern frowned at them. “There should be more than one.”
Raene’s cheeks brightened considerably and Vidar sent his friend a reproving look. “Easy. She is a maiden.”
“You might as well be.” Aern’s mutter reached both their ears.
Mischief danced in Raene’s blue eyes. The depths of which he could easily get lost in.
“We have many decisions to make.” Her finger stroked over his lips as she gazed into his eyes. “Are you fine with marrying me?”
His hands tightened on her. “More so than I ever thought possible.”
“You will sleep in the castle tonight?”
“I sleep in the castle every night.”
She rolled those expressive eyes. “I mean within the castle, rather than below it. There are plenty of guest rooms.”
“I wish to be close to you.”
Her lips pursed. “Yes. Now that I’ve named you the king, there might be those who are sore about my decision.”
“I shall remain close by. Aasguard warriors require little sleep.”
“I have much to learn about you.” She sounded intrigued by this.
Although longing to pursue Raene’s thought, Vidar instead turned his attention to safety matters. “Will Stefana also be at risk?”
“Perhaps. But Stefana’s parents know to place a guard with her.”
He frowned. “They can’t very well place a warrior in with a maiden.”
“They can so long as said warrior is her twin brother home for a break.”
“Ah. So he’ll be a nasty shock to anyone who tries to take her by force until this is all official.”
“Oh yes. I plan to inform his commander that his services are required indefinitely here in the castle.” The mischief returned. “Except, as king, that’s your duty.”
“I’ll be happy to inform this young man’s commander that he is needed to protect his sister.”
“This particular general is well aware, so I wouldn’t be surprised if he sent Lukas home a few weeks early because he had seen the lay of the land, if you will.”
“I have been dreading this day.” He brushed his lips along her temple, wanting to draw her inside himself where he could better protect her. “The moment you announced your husband.”
“As have I. Now I’m so excited I doubt I’ll sleep.”
“Your mother knew you were going to choose me, didn’t she?”
“I believe she suspected where my affections lay. And she encouraged me to choose you, even though it’s never been done before.”
“We had best make certain our betrothal is announced.” An announcement would help to quell any neighboring factions who might be interested in Raene and her wealth.
“I imagine Haines and Henry have already started the process.”
He nodded. “I’ll definitely finish it. But tomorrow.”
She turned in his arms to view the blackened area where the fire pit had been that took her mother this morning. “It seems as though her funeral was so long ago.” The happiness he felt still danced through her, only tempered now with waves of grief.
“Your mother wouldn’t want you to grieve her.”
“No. But I shall, nonetheless. She’s gone from my life. My very being aches.”
“It always will. But with time, the pain becomes more distant.”
“You lost your parents?”
“Yes. Long ago. They’re a fond memory, but it was difficult in the beginning. And of course, you never recover from death.”
Her hand tightened on his shirt. “I want her back. She would have loved to see us marry.”
“She was too far gone to enjoy our wedding, Raene.”
“Yet I think she knew.”
He squeezed her, more content than he thought possible, now that it was his right to do so. “We will protect Montequirst and keep our country safe for future generations.”
His vow made her blush again, but she also nestled closer. “Thank you.”
“You two need to find food,” Aern directed from across the cavern. “I’m capable of taking care of matters down here.”
“Thank you, Aern.”
“You’re welcome. I’ve never seen a more suitable couple.”
Vidar opened his mouth, but his stomach let out a vicious rumble. Raene’s answered. “We have been here since early this morning.” She grimaced. “And I didn’t eat breakfast.”
“We must feed you. It’s now after one.” The sun shone steadily overhead. Strange to think he would no longer live in this chamber.
“Will you adjust to living in the castle? Having to do paperwork and deal with less than stellar people?”
“I believe I am more than ready for the next chapter of my life.”
Their hands intertwined as they exited the cavern together. He had visited the main castle, but those instances had been for a brief span of time. Now he would live inside it permanently, and this luxury would be his home for the remainder of his life. However long that might be.
A funny feeling erupted through him.
He couldn’t discern whether the accompanying feeling was good or bad. But leaned toward better than good.

“The Duke of Lockwillow requests that you join him in the main dining hall, Your Majesty, Queen Raene.” At the maid’s formal announcement, Raene’s heart beat unsteadily. Her new ranking required adjustment time.
Vidar squeezed her hand, as though he understood.
“There are seats for the new queen and her king.” The maid’s eyes flitted over Vidar as though she wasn’t quite certain what to do with him.
“Thank you, Josie. This is Vidar, your new king.” His smile for the maid was kind as the doors leading into the main dining chamber opened. She and Vidar paused at the scrape of many chairs as all the diners rose to greet them.
Haines stepped forward to introduce them once again.
She barely resisted rolling her eyes at the pomp and circumstance. A ridiculous practice, but probably necessary. Vidar sent her a look that helped her to settle. Although not used to this, he had lived far longer than she, so his attitude was obviously better toward this sort of thing.
“Please welcome Queen Raene and King Vidar.”
Due to her change in rank, she now would dine at the head table, reserved for the queen and king. Supposedly a privilege, but Raene didn’t relish that all eyes would be on her and Vidar from now on.
The congregation bowed or curtsied while Vidar led her to the two places obviously set up for them at the monarch’s table. Both dukes, Stefana, and her family were already present.
At least they would enjoy their table companions.
“Thank you,” Raene murmured to Stuart. He sent her a droll look that somehow helped to quell the butterfly fights in her stomach. “Stuart, this is my husband-to-be, Vidar.”
Stuart clapped Vidar on the shoulder. “Thank you for taking this on.” He used an encompassing hand to indicate Raene.
Vidar’s lips curved upwards. “You’re welcome.” His silver eyes glowed with a light she appreciated and despite those looking on, and the silly court rules, she leaned up to kiss him.
He met her halfway and tingles erupted from her lips to shoot through her body, mocking the emptiness there.
Haines cleared his throat.
Her cheeks flamed until she peeked at the promise in Vidar’s expression. “It’s acceptable to kiss your betrothed.” His murmur reassured her that he was fine with all the smooching.
“We remain standing until you’re seated, your majesty.” Not a smidgen of rebuke infused Haines’ tone, but plenty of smothered amusement did.
“Do excuse us.” Raene perched on her chair, with Vidar and Stuart assisting her before Vidar seated himself. Their lunch companions then also sat.
No one had eaten yet, from the look of the still pristine dinnerware. As she thought this, a dining hall staff member wheeled the first cart into the room and set a salad in front of her and Vidar. 
“When was the last time you ate in front of people?” She kept her voice low enough so only he heard her.
“I dined with your mother right before she fell ill.”
A suspicion roused in her mind. “She used that time to plant seeds in your head about marrying me?”
“I believe she and your father both planted them long before then. She’s been watering them for a time.” He expertly forked up some salad and ate it. His manners were the finest of any in the room. Comparable to both dukes and Henry.
Raene relaxed and enjoyed the first dish. “She mentioned you from time to time throughout the years. I wonder if she intended to introduce us?”
“Yes, because of the legend,” Haines inserted.
“What legend?” She set her fork down.
“Bronwyn decreed that someday a member of her family, a future queen, would bond with a fierce warrior and her line would be forever strengthened by this warrior’s line.”
“Bronwyn was every bit the fierce warrior herself.” Vidar’s gaze rested on her. “I recognize many of her best traits in her offspring.”
Cheeks flushing, Raene picked up her fork again for something to do with her hands. “I have a long way to go to compare to you.”
“You don’t need to compare to me.” A mere statement of fact. He would protect her with all the skills he’d acquired and honed over his long years.
She would not find a more worthy warrior in all of Montequirst.
Contentment surrounded her, an emotion she had lost these past few grueling weeks. The smile she sent was for him alone.
His silver eyes flashed before his free hand settled over hers, resting in her lap. She intertwined their fingers, as holding his hand felt right.
They finished the meal, her in a bit of a haze. So much had happened today that numbness crept in. Followed quickly by drooping eyelids. A cup of coffee in the library should quell her desire for a nap.
After they left the dining area, Raene gave Vidar a tour of the main rooms in the castle, ending in the library. Opening a door in the wall behind the queen’s desk, she ushered him inside. “This is the office the previous kings have used.”
He inspected the spacious, well-appointed chamber. “I remember visiting your father here over the years.”
“How well did you know my father?”
“He was a valued friend. Your parents were both stellar people.”
“Thank you.” A shaft of pain pierced her heart, but knowing Vidar had been friends with both of her parents somehow eased the ache.
“You’ll be comfortable working here?”
“I never thought to have an office, so yes.”
“You will certainly need one. There will be far more meetings than you wish to conduct. Plus plenty of correspondence and records to keep.”
Vidar grimaced. “I’m sure I’ll adapt.”
“You are adaptable.” She wrapped her arms around his waist, seeking to be closer. “We’re going to be married in two weeks.”
His forehead furrowed. “That might be too far off.” Sweeping her off her feet, he settled her against him.
“We’ll be busy for the next fortnight.”
Agile fingers brushed several tickling curls from her cheek. “Can’t we marry quietly now? We’ll celebrate in two weeks at the official ceremony.”
She paused in circling his neck with her arms. “Vidar, we’re the queen and king. We can do anything we wish.”
He looked thoughtful. “I assume there is a marriage license?”
“Yes.” She indicated another door within the library. “We store them in there.”
“Does everyone come to you for a marriage license?”
“Of course. Well, not to me personally, but we have staff who see to all of the certificates. Birth, marriage, and death.”
“You know where the marriage licenses are kept?”
She wriggled free. Crossing the expanse to a door across the way, she used her handheld crystal to open the barrier. Inside, a cluttered desk stood in the center of the room while drawers and drawers and more drawers lined the entire expanse of all four walls and rose to the ceiling. A tall ladder attached to a rail made accessing the highest ones possible.
Raene paced to the appropriate area and removed the correct sheet of parchment. “Here.” She handed it to her intended.
His fingers closed around the sheet. He escorted her to her desk where he laid the license in the center.
“We need to fill this out right now.” He cocked his head to the side. “Do you know the legal procedure to formally marry us? Today?”
“Yes.” Her heart spun in crazy circles as euphoric bubbles burst in her head. “I take it today is to be our official wedding day?”
“Right now.” He plucked up the pen on her desk and filled out the form. Vidar signed the groom’s space with a flourish then handed her the writing instrument as he exited her chair.
She seated herself before signing the bride’s space, a surreal moment she’d never forget. Raene turned to the crystal console on her desk. There she called up the marriage tab and filled in the appropriate information. “This will take a day to process.”
“Will anyone take notice that we were married today, or can we keep it a secret?”
“Someone would have to actually search for our names to determine the exact day we married. Ours will shuffle in with all the other licenses that have been inputted this week.”
Satisfaction emanated from him. Then he drew her out of her chair and calmly stated his vows to her. Solemnly she repeated hers to him. Humbled by his silver eyes, which took in every aspect of her face, holding her hands with innate gentleness, he kept her close.
She was marrying this warrior, one who towered above every single man in Montequirst. Her lungs expanded.
Vidar the Loyal was willingly aligning his life to hers. Their intimate wedding ceremony marked the first chapter of their new life.
Her mother had been stolen much too soon. However, in the back of her mind, Raene was certain she heard her mother congratulating them.
When she finished her vows, the silence stretched as they gazed into each other’s eyes.
“I am thrilled to be your husband.” The back of his finger stroked along her jaw. “You have made me the luckiest, happiest man in the realm.”
“I am thrilled you are my husband. And I am elated to be your wife.” Then she remembered their sleeping arrangements. “We need to select our bridal chamber.”
“Yes. We must keep silent that we have married, but I feel the need to remain close to you. With the unrest it is best to err on the side of caution.”
“If you pretend that you’ll be remaining in your cavern for now, you can sleep with me while our official chamber is readied.”
“That is perfect.” He leaned down to kiss her. “Let us go choose the chamber.”
His eyes gleamed with masculine promise she very much wished to explore.
Chapter 18

If someone had asked him whether he ever anticipated marrying, he would have swept them off to the nearest healer. Now, holding onto Raene’s hand and being addressed as the king, there was no denying his married state.
No one in the castle knew they had safely wed. None would be made aware unless it became a problem. Vidar had insisted on their formal marriage today because his warrior instincts pressed hard.
Through the years he had learned if he ignored them, regret followed.
He did not intend to start his new life with Raene carrying regret. This was a time of happiness and promise. With grief interwoven, yes, because they both needed to process her mother’s passing. Also, he had no idea if there would be objections from his fellow Aasguards. Marriage was new territory to them, and he couldn’t predict their reaction.
Raene opened two massive doors to enter the royal wing of the castle. She led him to another set of doors. This had not been the room where her mother and father slept, but was located nearby. The doors were less ornate and much lighter in color than those her parents had chosen.
Vidar appreciated the simplicity of the doors and their sheer size. They suited him in stature, which was probably why she had chosen to view this suite first.
They entered the space, a massive apartment with well crafted furniture and a bed that would comfortably sleep him.
“From the time I was a child, I’ve admired this suite.”
At Raene’s admission, he took a closer look. “This chamber is well suited to us.”
“Yes, it is.”
“This will be comfortable for both of us.” They inspected the two dressing areas and the spacious bathroom with its fine appointments. “This is luxury, Raene.”
“Yes. It is fit for a king and queen.”
He tugged her close, because it had been far too long since he had last kissed her. “You are magnificent.”
“As are you, my king.”

“Will you be happy as a married man?” Raene sought reassurance. So much had happened today it boggled the mind.
“Married to you, yes. I couldn’t abide the thought of you being forced to marry.” Vidar’s brow furrowed. “You’re comfortable being married to me?”
“Yes. I feel as though I could float.” Their lips met in a kiss that blew apart any remaining doubts. “You’re my choice, Vidar the Loyal.”
He stroked the line of her cheek. “Excellent, because you just married me.”
Laughter bubbled. “I believe we’re going to be okay.”
His hands tightened on hers. “So do I, princess, so do I. I know you’re the queen now, but I’ve been thinking of you as the princess all your life.”
“I don’t mind being your princess. I’d prefer to have remained the princess.”
He drew her close, comforting her as they both reflected on the life they’d said goodbye to today. “As do I, Raene.” His warmth enticed her to nestle closer. “Then again, if she was still here, we wouldn’t be married.”
“We could have, you know. I became of marriageable age when I turned twenty.”
His eyes glowed as he gazed at her. “So you could have chosen me even if your mother was alive?”
“Yes. I barely knew you existed though. It’s not proper for maidens to visit a warrior alone.”
“Correct. I believe your mother planned to introduce us formally.”
She leaned back to peer into his face. “Why do you say that?”
“I caught the impression when she visited her treasure house a few weeks past. She appeared to be making plans for you.”
“Before she became ill, you mean?”
“Yes. I remember thinking it was strange of her to hint like that. Usually she just came out with what was on her mind.”
This startled a slightly pained laugh from her. “My mother claimed being plain spoken saved a lot of time.”
They shared a smile. Albeit sad ones, but it helped that this man had counted Margina (and Raene’s father) among his friends. Knowing they’d enjoyed a friendship cemented her feelings for him.
What exactly those feelings would become in the future remained to be seen. They already enjoyed an existing respect and affection that would likely grow.
“When do you believe she intended to introduce us?” A question, but more so something to muse upon.
“I would venture that she planned it to be sooner rather than later. She had that look in her eyes whenever she mentioned you.”
“What look?”
“As though she had placed me in a slot I had never considered before.” He rubbed his nape.
“Why don’t Aasguard warriors marry?”
Her question made him pause. “I don’t know.”
“No one ever explained?”
“Not to my knowledge. While never forbidden, I’ve not heard of our warriors marrying.”
“What a lonely life.” 
“Yes, it has been all these years. I’ve had Aern, of course.”
“He certainly livens things up.”
“He does. And he’s been an excellent companion through the ages.”
“Aern seemed very supportive of you marrying me.”
“He’s happy for us.”
A knock at the door produced a maid and several of the design team who sought to know what they wished done with the space. Vidar had a few ideas, but he seemed content to allow her to make most of the decisions.
When it came time to choose their crest however, he had plenty to say. “You’ve been thinking about this.” She brushed a finger across his square jawline. Tremors started in her stomach and fanned out.
“I’ve spent many years in service. Therefore, I’ve seen multiple crests. I suppose during those long years I have formulated one in my mind.” He caught her hand and raised it to his lips.
“Which colors again?” The woman assisting them paused over a color palette.
“Blue and silver,” Vidar answered.
Their animal could only be a dragon, and with the royal symbol that had been designed for Raene’s family centuries ago, they soon settled their coat of arms.
The designer finished the sketch on her handheld crystal and showed them the final product. “It’s perfect.” Raene’s breath caught.
Vidar nodded. “We don’t need to alter any part of this.”
“This will become official on your wedding day.” The woman finalized their coat of arms within her console and they moved to other areas of the chamber. A small area across the room had been designed for cold drinks and a place to make tea or coffee, as well as a nice sized sitting area.
The color scheme for the room always reflected the monarch’s coat of arms, and the bedding and towels would match the crest colors.
When the designer finally left, Raene felt Vidar’s heavy stare. “What’s wrong?”
“Today is our wedding day.”
“Yes.” Her cheeks heated.
“It was a challenge to not inform that woman we are wed.”
“I also struggled with it.” She slid into his arms. “I want the entire nation to know we’re married.”
His squeeze was gentle and reassuring. “As do I. However, I fear we need to keep quiet on this score.”
“I fear the same. Although I don’t understand why.”
“We have two weeks to explore each other.” His silver eyes heated. “You may choose whether we consummate our marriage tonight or in two weeks time.”
She opened her mouth, but he settled two callused, masculine fingers against her lips. “You do not need to decide right this moment. You are grieving and adjusting to what life has given you.”
Raene kissed the fingers because they were there and she wanted to. His eyes heated another notch before his lips replaced his fingers.
The ensuing kiss deepened when she opened her mouth to invite him inside. He didn’t balk at her invitation. Her brain shut off as her emotions surged forward to greet this man who was hers.
“We are so lucky.” Her heartfelt murmur made him swallow.
“Yes. We must always remember this, Raene.”

At supper that evening, the two dukes engaged Vidar in conversation so Raene rose to weave among the tables. She wanted to speak to an elderly woman on the other side of the dining hall. This woman had been a good friend of her grandmother’s and had looked after Margina in a motherly way.
“We’ll miss your mother terribly, Raene.” Lilith stroked her arm, much like she had Margina.
“Thank you. It’s hard to think of her as gone.” Tears rose.
Lilith continued patting her as though she truly did understand. “You’re too young to be without your mother. But I believe you’ll make a fine queen. You’ve already made an exceedingly wise choice.” The lady’s eyes strayed to Vidar, who sat confidently with the royal dukes, not fazed or overwhelmed.
Of course he wouldn’t be. This man had fought battles none of them could relate to. Had faced situations long past, but those experiences had shaped him into the remarkable warrior he was.
“I didn’t wish to be married so soon.” Her eyes remained on her new husband.
“No. But you won’t regret your decision.” Lilith rose then, wobbling for a gasp worthy moment. Raene steadied her as Lilith hugged her before hobbling to the door. Her cane made tapping noises on the dining hall’s hardwood floor.
Raene watched her go before turning. She bumped into something warm and hard. And gasped.
Kjell blocked her way. Raene’s stomach turned. “Excuse me.”
His eyes blazed at her. “You should have chosen one of us.” It might have been an optical illusion that his chest puffed out.
“I’m very happy with my choice, thank you.” She edged around him. 
“It’s not too late.” A lot of what might be angst simmered in his voice. The sensation of crawling insects rose on her arms.
She gave in to the urge to scratch.
In answer to his statement, she kept her face bland. There was no need to inform him it was too late to change her mind. She had safely wed Vidar and was more relieved than she could express. “Again, I’m pleased with my choice. I have no regrets.” None at all.
Kjell snarled. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”
Not in the least interested in discovering his version of her situation, Raene ducked under his arm. “Yes, I’ve secured Montequirst as one of the most powerful nations in history.”
He said something, but to her back, as she didn’t care enough to stay and listen to him. Eyes seeking the one man who did hold her interest, they were ensnared by liquid silver. Nothing in the mercurial depths indicated displeasure. Raene gained the impression he was merely watchful. As if her safety topped his list of priorities.
Warmth tingled through her as she stopped to smile at him. 
His eyes glowed with a light she wished to explore.
“Are you certain you want to marry him?”
Whirling in place, Raene confronted new disgruntlement. “Yes, I’m sure.”
She didn’t know this warrior. He was five or six years older than she. His uniform indicated his active duty status. He had brown hair and eyes and most females likely would consider him handsome, but he didn’t compare to the tall man with silver eyes who made her heart flutter.
“Are you questioning Vidar’s abilities?” She infused her tone with more than a little royal disdain.
“Not at all.” He backpedaled. “There is no denying those.”
“Then why are you and your colleagues questioning my choice? I chose the very best.” She narrowed her eyes.
“I do apologize, your majesty.” He bowed and backed away. The man didn’t bump into the table behind him, his coordination evident as he turned and strode away. As many of his vocation, his steps were measured and graceful. She bet his cheeks were also a little red.
At least she hoped so.
The number of pouting men here had to reach ridiculous numbers. If Montequirst wished to continue as a mighty power, it needed Vidar. Their nation needed Vidar to be king.
Which he was, after their private ceremony today. Her heart pounded because they would still go through the pomp and circumstance—people expected it. But she and Vidar had today. 
And tonight.
Her heart flipped. She had no idea what to expect for tonight . . .
“Are you okay?’ His voice sent shivers down her spine. She peered up at him and her breath caught.
“I am now.”
He took her hand in his and made it very obvious who she had chosen as he escorted her back to their table.
“The men are still bothering you.” It wasn’t a question.
“More like they’re pouting.”
She couldn’t ascertain whether the twist of his lips was a grimace or not. “It’s too late for them.” He spoke so softly she had to strain to hear him.
“Yes. And I’m not going to enlighten them until we have to.”
His hand tightened on hers as he seated her at their table again.
He sat beside her, his width and height outstripping every single man in the room. Why would any woman choose another man?
This one, a little voice breathed in the back of her mind.
Haines looked out over the crowded dining hall. “I expect you made a lot of men unhappy today, Raene.”
“And they’re not shy about informing me of this.” She picked up her fork to finish her meal. Only her hunger had already been appeased, so she set it down again to take another sip of tea.
“They’re going to start bothering you now.” Vidar peered at Stefana.
She shuddered. “I do hope not.”
“They will. You’re next in line. At least until we produce children.”
“I’m not next in line. Haines would be.” She indicated the duke with one shaky finger.
“I am related by birth but I am not the princess, you are, Stefana.” Haines’ voice was firm.
“In the event something untoward were to happen to me, Haines would rule, with Stefana continuing to act as the princess.”
Haines’ mouth tightened. “I’d have to rule?”
“Yes. You are a direct descendant of our royal line, therefore you would be named king.”
“You need to stay as safe as possible.” Haines shuddered even as he exchanged chagrined looks with Stefana over the rim of his water goblet.
“I could denounce my right to the throne, in which case it would fall to you.” Raene gave in to the urge to tease him.
“You are not permitted to do so. You are the queen and together with Vidar, you will make a worthy royal pair.”
“Nothing is going to happen to us.” An abundance of assurance resounded in Vidar’s tone.
Even Haines’ rigid shoulders relaxed. “We are heartened to hear that.” He turned to her. “You need to produce lots of heirs quickly.”
Her cheeks burned while Vidar’s large hand covered hers.
“We are looking forward to children, but aren’t intending to produce them quite this soon.”
“No.” Her agreement was little more than a squeak, but Haines laughed.
Stefana’s cheeks glowed as bright as hers. “They have plenty of time. Getting to know one another is vital.”
“It is.” Vidar’s mercurial gaze settled on her. A deep sense of contentment emanated from him.
She hoped she was responsible for at least part of it. And never did anything to shatter this state.
Chapter 19

After the meal, those from her table proceeded to the family room. She and her parents had often settled here in the evenings. A large, but cozy room, especially with the fire roaring in the fireplace. The seating was more comfortable than the formal receiving rooms. She hoped they had a chair large enough for Vidar’s frame.
He settled into the only chair her family hadn’t used much. Although her father had been a warrior of renown, he hadn’t been up to Vidar’s weight. No man in this realm, and the next several over, was.
“This is the perfect size.” He settled in with a deep sigh of contentment. 
Her favorite chair stood right beside his, so she tugged it closer.
“What are the plans now, Raene?” Stella flicked something off her skirt.
“In two weeks time Vidar and I will marry before the entire population.” She turned to Haines. “What about the official coronation?”
“Your coronation will occur directly after your wedding. Then we shall all gather together for the subsequent royal feast.”
The thought of both released a small flock of birds into her stomach, along with a giant spear of sorrow. Such important days and her parents wouldn’t be there to witness either event.
Strong, gentle hands scooped her out of her chair and planted her in Vidar’s lap. His arms closed around her and his scent helped to quell the worst of the unmitigated sorrow tormenting her. She burrowed closer, ducking her head to breathe him in, to inhale his scent into her lungs, inside her to help banish the intense grief.
“We’re all feeling this way, Raene.” Haines spoke quietly. Multiple threads of sadness intertwined his reassurance.
“They should be here.”
“Yes. Yet neither of them would want you to mourn them to the point of neglecting what must be done.” Henry’s statement offered the right amount of censure, with love—in the way only a father produced.
“’Tis an unfortunate circumstance that it takes death before one ascends to the throne.” Stella’s lips pinched. Her husband took her hand.
“It is, but that’s how it has been done.”
“If she were here, I’d be able to ask her advice.” Raene stared into the fire, soaking in the warmth in front of and under her. She wriggled to better peer into Vidar’s face.
“We shall do the best we can.” His affirmation offered surcease.
“The most important part of all of this is to show a united front before the people and those of the surrounding nations. We must prove to them we are strong and capable.” Haines’ gaze rested on Vidar. “I don’t believe you could have chosen a better husband, Raene.”
Henry snorted. “No one with a working brain is going to challenge an Aasguard.”

Her heart beat far too fast through the corridors and up the stairs to her bedchamber.
“Are you going to sleep in the castle tonight?” She kept her question soft. Many of the staff had already retreated to their chambers, but enough were still out and about so she might be overheard.
“It’s up to you. I don’t mind sleeping in my usual bed.”
“You’re the king.”
He smiled. “No one but you knows that.” His hand tightened on hers as they halted in the middle of a narrow passageway to face each other. “I don’t mind where I sleep.”
Taking a deep breath, she fixed him with a steady gaze. “Where would you like to sleep tonight?”
“With you.” He didn’t hesitate.
“That’s what I want as well.”
“Are you certain?”
Her heart thumped faster and faster. “Yes. I wish for us to become husband and wife in all ways.”
“I don’t want you to feel pressured. A lot has happened to you in the past few days.”
“Yes. But I need to start feeling normal again. Nothing in my life feels normal right now.”
“I understand.” Vidar took a deep breath. “I’ll return you to your room, and then proceed to mine. When your maid leaves, notify me on my crystal. I shall come to you.”
“Okay.”
His liquid silver eyes glowed with affection and sweetness. Her heart steadied. She took a deep breath, a little jittery, but this felt like the right thing to do. She needed him to take her mind off all that had happened today.
So much, too much to process right now. Yet her thoughts remained firmly on her new husband, and she didn’t fear consummating their marriage. She had heard enough court chatter to understand most women found this aspect of married life enjoyable.
When she entered her bedchamber with Vidar, they startled her maid. Vidar leaned down to kiss Raene. A kiss of such sweetness and promise, her heart expanded.
He nodded to Anneke, her maid, and then swiftly left them alone. He exited through the main door. 
“You have chosen a husband.” Anneke stared after him. “I am not so brave.”
“I don’t feel brave in the least. Vidar is going to be a wonderful husband.”
“I do believe you’re right, princess . . . My queen.” Anneke curtsied awkwardly.
“Anneke, how long have you been helping me?”
“Since you were a child. I was a child as well, come to think on it.” Raene had been ten, and Anneke barely fifteen, when she had gained the post of lady’s maid to the young princess.
“Correct. We’ve been friends a long time, have we not?”
“We have.”
“Then you will continue to address me as Raene, as calling me the queen in my private bedchamber is ridiculous.”
“It’s odd to think of you as the queen now.” Anneke brightened. “But it’s nice, too.”
Raene sank onto the edge of the bed, her fingers busy tugging the fastenings of her gown while Anneke ducked into the wardrobe to remove her nightgown.
“It is odd to be the queen. Not that nightgown. Perhaps we should go with something more adult.” The one in Anneke’s hand was an adult gown, but not appropriate for a new queen, and definitely not for a new bride.
A tingle of awareness dashed through her. So much so, she nearly broke the last tie on her dress.
Anneke tucked the first gown back into the drawer and removed another. This one a bright blue. It sported lace and was pretty.
“I’m thinking the white and silver one.” Raene offered more direction.
After a few fits and starts within the drawer, the maid withdrew a gown of exquisite silk and lace. It formed a long column, with thin straps, and the lingerie draped Raene’s figure to perfection. She had never worn this confection because in the back of her mind, it was best suited to be seen in.
Her respiration upped at the thought of Vidar admiring her.
“Yes, that’s the one I wish to don this eve.”
The maid carried it to the bed where she spread it reverently. “It’s more suited to a bride, isn’t it?”
“That’s what I am, Anneke.” There wouldn’t be any way to hide her married state from this woman.
Anneke gasped. “You’re wed?”
“I am. Vidar and I married in private this afternoon. Tonight is my wedding night.”
The maid clutched her chest as she dropped beside Raene onto the bed. “Already? You’re married.” She blinked a few times before surging to her feet. “Then we must prepare you.”
“Have you any idea what that entails?”
“No. Never been married myself, but you pick up things among the other servants.” Anneke became all business as she helped Raene bathe and perfumed her with a lovely lotion that wasn’t strong in scent, but softened her skin to match the silken texture of her gorgeous nightwear.
After tugging the gown over her head, it did indeed drape her to perfection and made her look like a scared young queen. A becoming picture, except for the scared part.
“Your new husband isn’t going to be able to catch his breath.” Anneke beamed at Raene as they both admired her in the mirror. “Of course, your new husband isn’t a stupid youngin, either. That will help.”
“Help?” She gulped.
“Young men aren’t as capable as they think they are. I’ve heard older men are more patient and more willing to see to their lady. Your new king should make this wonderful for you.”
“Oh, I hope I make it wonderful for him.”
“You won’t need to worry about that, from what I hear. Men are supposedly capable of seeing to themselves. But we women, we’re a little different.”
“I see.” Although she didn’t.
Anneke patted her shoulder. “Don’t you worry about a thing but enjoying your new husband.”
“He is my husband.” Raene found her slippers, because the stone floor was frigid, despite the plush rug. Next she shrugged into a wrapper because the air also carried a chill. Montequirst enjoyed glimpses of spring, but winter temperatures abounded.
“No one other than you knows we’re officially wed, and we must keep it that way. We shall marry formally in two weeks time.”
“I shall keep your secret. Today was emotional for you.” Anneke pursed her lips. “Seems that with all your privileges, you do lack things that are just yours. I completely understand.” With this said, her maid sailed from the room with a majestic wave.
Raene spun to inspect the room before digging out her handheld crystal to inform Vidar she was alone.
Did you tell her we’re married? He inquired.
Yes. There didn’t seem any way to keep it a secret from her. 
It would have been a challenge. Better for her to know than to walk in on us tomorrow morning.
Oh no. She hadn’t mentioned the morning to Anneke. Her maid knew they were married, and she was a sensible woman. Anneke would stall coming to them. Plenty of married women had maids, and they figured this out.
Raene’s eyes strayed to the crystal signal system. Of course. Once she and Vidar awakened, she’d tap the appropriate crystal and alert Anneke. It would send a signal directly to her crystal. Sending off a quick note to her maid, she was heartened to read Anneke’s approval of that plan. Probably she had been wondering as well.
The secret door opened and Vidar ducked through.
Her heart beat faster as her breath suspended. Whenever she had seen him before he wore the garb all warriors favored. A loose fitting cotton shirt under a leather tunic paired with protective, heavier trousers.
Now, he arrived wearing the trousers most men only wore in the comfort of their homes and a white shirt that revealed part of his impressive chest. He had left his leather shields behind, and while he carried his sword, it remained sheathed.
A single white rose graced his other hand.
This he handed to her with a bow.
“Oh Vidar.”
His smile was sweet and tender as he gazed upon her, then his eyes widened before narrowing. “You are beautiful.” His voice roughened.
He set his sword aside, near enough to grab should he need it.
“So are you.” She placed the flower on the nightstand and then faced him.
In a heartbeat their lips connected as he clasped her tight against him. She looped her arms around his neck and returned the kiss. This one wasn’t sweet.
It showed his intent and she answered his with her own. Their tongues dueled as she shed the wrapper because her temperature rose.
Vidar helped her remove the garment and she heard his breath catch in his throat. “Again, you are the most beautiful woman to live.”
His eyes darkened and his chest expanded. His respiration quickened. As did hers.
Their lips merged again and then they were falling, tumbling onto the bed behind them. He made certain to land first with her on top.
Any fear she’d had fled as his heat enveloped her, his scent enticed her, and the promise in his eyes enslaved her.
She framed his face in her hands.
“If you expect to change your mind . . .”
“I won’t. I need this. I need you.” 
Chapter 20

He awoke to the unusual sensation of well-being accompanied by an unfamiliar comforting heat. Blinking in the morning sunlight, Vidar rolled and nearly crushed Raene. Arms snapping around her, he positioned her so she half lay on him.
Gazing into the face of the woman who had blessed him by becoming his wife, Vidar couldn’t believe he was married. This amazing woman who he had woken once during the night and who had woken him one time earlier this morning.
Now her eyelids fluttered and he loved the smile forming on her lips as she nestled closer.
“Are you awake?” Her voice rasped.
“I’m warm.”
She made to roll away, but he caught her. “Don’t go. I like it.”
Sleepy—but still dazzling—blue eyes met his. “I like it too.”
He threaded his hand through her sleep-tousled hair. “You’re my wife.”
“Yes, I am. And you’re my husband.”
“Not doubting your choices this morning?”
“Not in the least.” She levered herself by placing both forearms on his chest as she peered into his face.
“I’m not doubting either.”
She played with the hair dusting his chest. “The only thing I’m unhappy about is that we have to wait a fortnight to announce our marriage.”
“I understand. However, it is still for the best.”
Raene’s face clouded. “You believe we’re going to run into trouble?”
It took him a moment to choose his words. “Your position of queen is very tempting for those who would like to improve their rank. It is better for them to believe there is still a chance. They will make their move on our official wedding day.”
“You never thought you’d be king.”
“It never entered my mind.”
“That’s yet another reason why you’re the perfect choice for me.”
One of his eyebrows rose. “Oh?” Where was she going with this?
“You’ve already put in the time and effort to be the best. There isn’t a better man to be king.”
“I’m happy you feel this way.” He only wanted her. This magical creature who had given him life again.
She leaned down to press a sweet kiss on his lips and distracted him. Soft, feminine lips caressed his and his heart expanded in his chest until there couldn’t possibly be any room left. Headiness swirled through him.
Their lips lingered over each other. The alarm clock beside her bed dinged with the hour. Both of them started and gaped at the timepiece.
“It can’t possibly be that time.” Horror, and what might be embarrassment, tinged her voice.
“We were busy last night.” He slid out of the bed, then assisted her. “Now we need to shower.”
“Together?”
“Isn’t that what married couples do? To conserve water?”
One elegant little shoulder lifted. “I don’t know. I’ve never been married before.”
He swatted her backside, enjoying her laughter, then scooped her up to carry her into the bathroom. Upon entry into the room, he immediately spotted a problem.
“Uh oh.” She surveyed the ceiling in her shower.
“I now understand why we needed to select our bridal suite.”
“You’re not going to fit in my shower.” They both eyed the low ceiling that worked fine for her, but wouldn’t allow him to stand upright.
“No. Change of plans.” He set her on her feet, then leaned down to kiss her.
“You aren’t going to shower with me?”
“Not until after our formal ceremony.”
She looked stricken. “But you’ll continue to sleep with me here, right?”
“Oh yes.” He glanced around the low ceilinged room. “But there’s no way I can bathe in your bathroom. This will offer us something to look forward to when we move into our suite.”
“I am already looking forward to that. Only it’s going to take so long to come.”
“It won’t, you know. We’re likely to be so busy we won’t have time to catch our breath, much less have time to worry about this ceremony.”

No sooner had Vidar left her than Anneke arrived to help her dress. The maid came with a long list from Raene’s new assistant, who had assisted Queen Margina, but had been on maternity leave. The list had grown overnight.
“Are you certain this is for me?” Seeing the length made her stomach clench. And she hadn’t even had breakfast yet.
Then Raene sighed because she would have enjoyed breaking her fast with Vidar. However, the ticks of the clock reminded her the time to eat in the dining hall this morning had passed.
How she longed to . . .
“Anneke, can you please ask the kitchens to send breakfast for me and Vidar to the library?”
“I’ve already arranged for that, your majesty.”
“Thank you for your thoughtfulness.” She darted a censorious look at the maid. “Anneke, please don’t go on with that royal nonsense. As I stated last evening, I’m still Raene. I’ll always be Raene. Especially when we’re in the privacy of my rooms.”
“Fine. I’ll continue to call you Raene, but it’s not right, you know.” Anneke frowned at her as she dressed Raene’s hair.
“It is. I’m the queen, yes,” and her heart somersaulted, “but that doesn’t change who I am. I didn’t all of a sudden wake up a different person.” Then she bit her lip.
She was a different woman.
Anneke’s eyebrows soared. “So you awoke still a maiden?”
Cheeks flaming, Raene met Anneke’s eyes in the mirror. “No, I did not. I’m a married lady now.” And she didn’t even try to hide the huge grin that spread across her face. “I highly recommend marriage, by the way.”
“You might wish to give it a few more days. Just in case.” The maid finished Raene’s hair with a jeweled comb.
Raene chose a becoming gown and after donning it, she slid her feet into comfortable castle slippers before she checked that everything was in place.
Her naked ring finger caught her attention, and she frowned at it. After yesterday’s announcement, everyone knew she was betrothed, at least. Still, it would be wonderful to have a symbol to flash in the faces of those who didn’t take her engagement seriously.
Oh how I wish I could just tell them I’m married.
However, Vidar was right. If those who coveted the kingship believed she was still available, they’d likely show their hand two weeks from hence. Better to weed them out now, early, before they could cause trouble in the future, however distant.
“One look at how you’re glowing and everyone is going to know you didn’t spend last night alone,” Anneke mused as she inspected Raene.
Heat warmed her cheeks, but there wasn’t an ounce of regret to accompany it. “I’m thrilled to have spent my wedding night with my husband.” Thoughts of him crowded out all others.
She and Anneke left the princess suite to make their way to the library. Once they arrived safely, Anneke peeled off to head to the linen closet while Raene unlocked the door to her office, stepping inside. Only a select few servants had access to this space, and few knew the identities of those who possessed that access.
The fireplace roared with a blazing fire and a breakfast tray sat at the ready. Her stomach grumbled its empty state.
She poured a cup of coffee and then another for Vidar, who knocked on the door and entered. He had access to every single area of the castle, and used this ability now. As the queen’s treasure protector and now king, no place in the entire realm was off limits to him or Aern.
Gliding into his arms, she savored his kiss and the masculine scent she had come to love.
“Aern sends his love.”
“How is he this morning?”
“He’s Aern. Happy we’re married.”
She suspected a few stalactites and stalagmites had met their demise upon Vidar’s revelation of their happy news this morning. “I didn’t imagine you’d be able to keep our nuptials a secret from him.”
“That dragon knows things no one else does.” Vidar shook his head. He followed her to where the breakfast tray sat and accepted the cup of coffee.
He gave thanks for the meal and they soon tucked in with hearty appetites. Their eyes met over the nearly empty plates and his heated.
“We don’t have time for what you’re thinking,” she warned but hoped she conveyed promises to him.
His eyelids grew heavy. “I’m aware of that. Still, it makes one wish for a lengthy holiday trip.”
She sat up. “Can we take one, do you think?”
“I’m not certain. I’ll have a better idea once I’ve familiarized myself with the king’s responsibilities.”
“Haines has been seeing to several of those.”
“I’ll make it a point to meet with him today.”
“He’ll be relieved to hand over to you.”
“I’ve heard he’s an excellent warrior in his own right.”
“He is. However, he has enough of his own ducal tasks that he doesn’t have as much time to concentrate on his warrior skills these days.”
“Do you believe he’ll marry again?”
“I hope so. However, his first wife was perfect for him. I don’t know how he can bear to replace her, even for the hope of children.”
“We’ll need to arrange for some eligible ladies to be introduced to him.”
“There is a woman one realm over. Rialta, the Princess of Oxland. I’ve been wondering about her.”
“I’ve heard of her.” He finished off the last of the protein on his plate. She shoved what remained of hers toward him.
“She and Haines don’t always see eye to eye. Rialta is headstrong and brave. Her brother, the current king, tried to marry her off.”
“Tried to?”
“Her groom-to-be died under mysterious circumstances.”
Vidar’s eyebrows rose. “I see. Best not to take on a woman like that.”
“I’ve always felt she’s been waiting for Haines to cease grieving.”
“Is he over his wife?”
“I don’t know. I doubt he ever will truly be over her, as theirs was a love match, but she’s gone. He can’t bring her back. No matter how much he’d like to.”
“Perhaps we should invite this princess for a visit.” A thoughtful look crossed Vidar’s face.
She leaned her chin on her raised fist. “Are you matchmaking?”
The thoughtful expression disappeared before a wry grin took its place. “Does it show?”
“Yes, but that’s okay. I’m really happy being married, too.”
Before he could comment, Stefana trailed into the library. “Good morning.”
“Good morning.” Raene and Vidar echoed the greeting as Stefana helped herself to coffee.
There was a look in Stefana’s eyes Raene couldn’t read.
Stefana glanced at their intertwined hands and a wistful look crossed her face. Ah, Raene understood now. No woman wanted to be forced to marry, but if she found the right man at the right time, the married state appealed.
At least Raene surmised this based on her one day in the blissful state.
They finished breakfast and Vidar rose, kissed her heartily, and left for his new office.
“I’ve work to do.” He grimaced, but she picked up on his suppressed excitement. This new position was different from what he had ever done. It incorporated all of his skills, required his excellent brain, in addition to his ability to read intent.
His fighting skills wouldn’t go to waste either.
Watching him leave the room proved hard. Heaving a sigh, she focused on Stefana.
Who looked far too amused.
“What?”
“You’re so happy I’m surprised you’re not floating near the ceiling.”
“I’m not minding my circumstances in the least.”
“Of course you’re not. A gorgeous man plans to marry you.” Then Stefana turned assessing. “Or has already married you?” Her shrewd glance apprised Raene anew.
As with Anneke, it would be nearly impossible to keep her marriage a secret from Stefana. Besides, as the princess, she needed to know.
“We wed yesterday.”
Stefana didn’t squeal, being far too dignified for that, but her refined exclamation contained excitement. She hugged Raene tightly. “Fully married? As in you’ve experienced all the pleasures of marriage?”
Cheeks heating, Raene didn’t demure. “Yes. Fully married.”
Her friend’s second happy shriek was accompanied by another fierce squeeze. “So this is why you’re so happy today. I thought there was something different about you.”
“My only complaint is that few know, and can know. Vidar wants us to keep this quiet.”
“Yes, he would.” Stefana nodded. “There is trouble brewing, and he’s aware of it.”
Raene had also been aware, but she kept trying to convince herself otherwise. “What are you hearing from the neighboring countries?”
“They’re mustering their troops. None of them is aware you’re married, to an Aasguard, no less.”
“Imagine their surprise . . .”
“Vidar and Aern are an army in of themselves. If our warriors cooperate, which they better, then we’re prepared to meet any challenges.” Stefana’s teeth worried her bottom lip.
“Unless all the neighboring countries band together. Then it might get sticky.”
“Yes. If they’re smart enough to do so. There are a few kings who won’t join in, such as Oxland.” Stefana finished her coffee. “The thing is, there is only one king we know of who isn’t married. If they decide to force you to marry him—”
Raene shuddered. “Fortunately, Vidar’s presence in my life will prevent that.” A massive wave of relief left her a tad shaky.
“Surely they know you’re at least engaged?”
“I don’t know.” They both withdrew their portable crystals and perused the news content.
“Here it is. The new Queen of Montequirst chooses Aasguard warrior to be her king.” Stefana read the headline dramatically, then using normal tones, the accompanying article.
Raene studied the nuances of the article. “Do you believe other Aasguard warriors will protest Vidar’s marrying me?”
“It doesn’t matter if they do now. He’s already safely wed.”
“Marriages can be annulled.” Her insides chilled. She liked being married to Vidar. The ugly thought of not having him in her life made the hollowness threaten again.
Stefana patted her hand. “Raene, I don’t believe anyone can alter your married state now. Besides, Vidar is every bit as besotted as you, so he’s not going to appreciate being told he can’t have you.”
“I believe he’s looking forward to a new challenge, but he could give up being king at any moment.”
“Just as you’d be happy giving up being queen. Neither of you have entered this with fantasies about what it is going to entail. You’ve entered your new roles with common sense and a realistic view of the situation.”
“We have.” There was so much to be done. Yet this knowledge didn’t daunt as it had before. Due to Vidar and Stefana. “Thank you for taking this journey with me.”
“You’re welcome and thank you for bringing me along.”
They shared a smile before the teetering stacks of parchment that came with running a kingdom of this size forced them to their respective desks.
As she worked, Raene heard Vidar’s voice from time to time and it encouraged her to keep on.
Not daydreaming about him proved harder than she imagined. She also had to valiantly resist the urge to run to him every hour for a kiss.
Chapter 21

Two weeks later Vidar had only just left her bedchamber for his cavern rooms when a knock sounded at her door. This was the final morning here in her childhood bedchamber.
Staff members would move her things and Vidar’s to their completed suite down the hall. She and Vidar had inspected their new rooms yesterday, and were reassured the suite would be ready by the time they finished their formal wedding and coronations today. To be able to sleep in the same room, openly, with her husband was a blissful notion.
Now as Anneke and Stefana peeked around the door, Raene invited them in with a greeting. “Good morning.”
“Good morning. Today is your big day.” Stefana stepped into the room already dressed in her formal wear.
“I’m so excited for this to be over.”
“You just want to show off your new husband.”
Raene laughed. “I’ve been showing him off for the past two weeks. Just no one other than you two have been aware of it.”
“Your husband seems to know what he’s doing.” Anneke helped Raene don her wedding-coronation gown. It aligned with what she imagined for the combined ceremonies.
“I can’t believe we found this dress.” Stefana tugged at the skirt while Anneke guided it over Raene’s arms.
“I’m pleased with it.” A pale silvery color, the dress was adorned with ribbons in the same blue as their crest. Stefana’s gown matched in blue with silver ribbons. Both confections were simple but elegant.
“Where is your crown?” Stefana asked over her shoulder.
“It’s right in front of you on the dressing table.”
“I hope you didn’t leave it here all night?”
“My husband brought it with him.”
“No one in their right mind is going to try to steal anything with him in the room.” Stefana carried the crown to her.
Scooping Driies off the wall, Raene tightened the scabbard around her waist.
“You can’t wear that.” Anneke sounded scandalized.
Raene eyed the maid and then transferred her gaze to Stefana, who also looked horrified. “I’m not stepping foot outside of this chamber without Driies.”
Both women clamped their lips shut. Raene had no intention of entering whatever awaited them outside her bedchamber without her sword. Driies might mean the difference between life and death.
She and Vidar had continued training, and he had expressed pleasure at her progress. That meant she was also pleased with her progress. She was nowhere near master level, had barely scratched competent, in fact. Learning to fight took effort, but with the unrest in her land, she needed to do so.
Once Anneke finished pinning her hair in the curls Vidar admired and her crown nestled within them, Raene surveyed herself in the mirror. She passed her own inspection. The gown was certainly gorgeous and the crown added to the stateliness of her attire.
The gleaming sword at her hip complimented the look. In her opinion. Her companions continued to frown at Driies.
“You’re officially getting married today.” Stefana murmured this as they left Raene’s bedchamber.
“Yes. Although it’s not as daunting since we’re already married. Today is a celebration, for which I’m relieved.”
“You and Vidar did this right.” Stefana smoothed her skirt.
“Once we get through these ceremonies, we shall be able to live as a married couple. That’s all I long for.”
They traversed the hallways, heading for the cavern. She had breakfasted in her bedchamber. There hadn’t been an inclination to eat anywhere else this morning.
Once they entered the rocky passage that led to the cavern Vidar had presided over for so long, both dukes joined her. Several other important personages fell into step with them.
Heart beating eagerly, Raene prepared to enjoy the day. Their private ceremony had been special and personal. This ceremony was for the people, and it would make her and Vidar’s union official.
Larkswallow stopped them before the last turn. In front of them was a table piled with flowers. The larger bouquet was for the bride, while the other was for Stefana, her maid of honor. Aern had elected to stand with Vidar, which seemed appropriate.
Raene made certain to exact the promise he’d behave himself and keep to his smaller shape. Neither she nor Vidar expected him to keep his promise. At least it would be entertaining to see what antics Aern dreamed up.
“The dragon is going to behave, right?” Stefana stayed busy fretting over the details.
She sent her friend a speaking look. 
Stefana groaned. “Of course not. A silly question. I apologize.”
“My wedding will be the most talked about spectacle for ages.”
“So true. For generations to come, I’m guessing.” But Stefana’s lips curved and her shoulders relaxed.
Haines ushered Stefana into place. She stood at the bend, clutching her maid of honor bouquet behind the Duke of Larkswallow, who would perform both ceremonies. 
The Duke of Lockwillow offered his arm to Raene. As her only remaining family, Haines planned to escort her. And she didn’t doubt, protect her if need be.
Both dukes stood a little straighter with an air of alertness about them—they expected trouble.
They didn’t know Vidar well, or they’d not be so nervous. Actually, it was Aern they should be afraid of.
That black dragon was sure to cause a ruckus.

He’d like this business settled. Vidar resisted the urge to tuck a finger into his collar. The uncomfortable silver and blue cravat around his neck kept tickling his chin while the fitted jacket pulled at his shoulders.
Still, if women thought this looked nice, he’d endure it for his bride. Who he couldn’t wait to catch his first glimpse of. The cavern had filled with people throughout the last half hour. The space bustled with well dressed ladies and gentlemen, and a smattering of the rougher sort.
Aern tugged at the silver and blue bowtie around his neck. “Are you sure I have to wear this?”
“Remember Raene’s excitement when she brought it to you?”
“Yes.” Aern stopped yanking at the fabric. “She did like it.”
“It matches my cravat, which she also liked.”
Aern cut off a snicker. “I can’t say it becomes you.”
“It tickles, too.” He didn’t complain though. Raene wanted him to wear it, so he would.
“Is this what all men have to wear to their weddings?”
“Apparently so.” This was the only time he would marry. Dressing like a gentleman went against everything that made him a warrior. Hopefully none of their neighbors showed up today with bad intentions.
Then again, an enterprising man would manage to make a handy weapon out of his cravat.
The music started and everyone swung toward the entrance. The Duke of Larkswallow, attired much like him, only with accompanying robes, stepped into the stone chamber. He paced to where Vidar and a shrunken Aern waited.
Then Stefana entered, looking like a princess. She smiled at him and he was grateful Raene had such good friends. She also grinned at Aern, her lips twitching. “Your bowtie is gorgeous.”
Aern didn’t preen, but took the compliment as his due.
Vidar hid a snicker of his own. A beautiful woman complimented the dragon and he forgot all about his discomfort.
Much like he kept ignoring the choking cloth wrapped around his neck.
The music changed and Raene and Haines entered the chamber. They paused at the entrance before making their stately way toward him.
Her loveliness and happiness made his breath catch. As he smiled at her, he couldn’t help but admire a woman who strapped on a sword for her own wedding.
“Nice sword,” he murmured when Haines placed her hand in Vidar’s.
“Thank you. I knew you would approve.” She glanced at his. “Yours is still way bigger than mine.”
He tightened his hand around hers but Larkswallow cleared his throat and all murmuring ceased.
The man knew how to conduct a ceremony because he immediately launched into a description of why a man and a woman joined their lives together. He proceeded through the various technicalities with all the pomp and circumstance of royalty.
“Is there any who objects to this blessed union?” Larkswallow made it very evident with his tone he did not expect there to be trouble.
The row of warriors, who were not dressed in appropriate wedding garb, straightened. “Yes, we do.” One of their number, with slicked back blond hair, piped up.
Larkswallow cleared his throat and glared at the man. “What is this? The queen has chosen the man to be king. He exceeds all the requirements.”
“He’s only marrying her because he’s a guard, and wants her wealth.” A warrior at the very back stated this with a sullen expression.
“I don’t need her wealth.” Vidar didn’t bother to raise his voice.
“Of course you don’t need it, but you want it,” another warrior fired off.
Aern snorted, and nearly set Larkswallow’s fancy robes on fire. “Vidar the Loyal has lived for millenia. A man doesn’t live that long without acquiring a fortune of his own. His personal wealth exceeds Queen Raene’s.” 
A few of the warriors took a sudden interest in their booted feet, but a bolder one pinned Vidar with a look. “Is this true?”
“It is. Aasguard warriors are trained in the art of finance as well as battle. Add to that my years, and I have more than enough to provide Raene with anything she desires.”
“We have already established that an Aasguard warrior is the perfect husband for our queen.” Larkswallow’s eyes blazed at the protesting men. “Not one of you is superior to him.” The stooped but fierce duke jabbed a finger in Vidar’s direction. “In addition, Aasguard warriors hail from royal bloodlines.”
Raene cleared her throat. “Let it be known I will not take any of you to husband.” Her ringing tone indicated she would rather die.
“You’re supposed to choose from the warriors in the land.” The slicked blond’s jaw tightened.
“I have.” Raene accompanied her refute with an imperially raised eyebrow.
Dull color splashed the man’s cheeks.
Another stirred. “No one has ever dipped into the Aasguard realm. We think it’s better for you to choose a man among our ranks.”
Vidar had conducted one conversation with the man who spoke. He well remembered the man’s garlic and onion breath.
“My duty is to choose the best warrior. I have done so.” Raene’s shoulders squared. “It is within my right as the queen to put to death any who oppose me.” Her power blasted through the cavern, a match for his.
Aern straightened, growing a size larger, as though he forgot himself. “Your queen has chosen her mate. You, as her subjects will respect her choice, understanding Vidar the Loyal is the best king to ever grace the Montequirst lands.”
“I have made my choice. Vidar the Loyal is my husband, and your king.”

“I protest.” Kjell stepped forward, hanging onto his righteous indignation. His shoulders straight, chest thrown out, hand at his sword. “This is an abomination. The queen should take a husband among the warriors born in her country. That is what the rules state.”
“You spout this, despite the fact that the husband I have chosen has been here, protecting the royal treasures, for longer than many of you have been alive?” Raene’s voice went taut as her nerves stretched. She detected minimal give there, with her patience fraying fast.
The urge to lop off these protesters heads’ expanded. Although imparting a death sentence this early on in her reign likely showed poor judgment. She could practically hear her mother cautioning her against such action.
Kjell’s eyes darted to a small contingent of men who stood with him. “The previous queens have always taken a man to husband from the ranks of the nation. Not some warrior we know little about.” His gaze cut into Vidar. Whose quiet patience aided hers from unraveling.
Raene took a deep breath. “According to the rules of the land, I am to take as my husband the greatest warrior in the land. By my calculations, Vidar is equivalent to our three strongest, bravest warriors.”
A snort, infused with fire, greeted her statement. “He’s more powerful than three of these warriors.” Aern’s pronunciation of warrior made this distinction sound questionable.
“He’s not one of us. She needs to marry one of us.” Kjell’s sniff said more than his words.
The hairs on the back of Raene’s neck stirred. “Are you inferring that I chose wrong?” Her voice sank an octave, and was powered by her rank. 
“We don’t think you should marry a man who isn’t from Montequirst.” Another warrior stepped forward.
“Not him.” Kjell used his slicked head to indicate Vidar.
“Allow me to demonstrate why she chose wisely.” Aern stepped forward. The dragon blew on Kjell. The warrior didn’t have time to object, so quick was the dragonfyre to consume him.
Screams and shrieks rounded the cavern. “That’s what happens when I fyre a human. This is what happens to an Aasguard warrior.”
“Aern, this is my wedding—” Vidar leaped out of the way, but not before the dragonfyre burst around him. With a resigned air, Vidar grabbed a nearby bucket of water and doused the flames, glaring at his friend. “Now I’m charred. And wet.”
Raene handed off her flowers to Stefana and reached for several towels. She helped pat Vidar dry, giggling a little. Their eyes met. “This will be a story to tell our children and grandchildren.”
“What are we supposed to tell them?” Vidar helped her sop moisture from his finery.
“That Aern tried to set you on fire on our wedding day to prove a point.” Her hands stopped as their eyes ensnared. “Today is our wedding day.”
“If any of you believe you can resist dragonfyre as Vidar clearly can, by all means, step forward.” Aern swelled again, his green eyes blazing. “You can be king if you can withstand my heat.”
“Aernie, you’re so funny.” A new voice entered the discussion.
Everyone spun toward the back of the congregation where more gasps resounded along with the hasty shuffling of feet. A petite green dragon stood with a warrior who probably topped Vidar in height.
“Are we too late for the wedding?” The warrior asked, his eyes homing in on Vidar. He was tall, broad, and dark haired like Vidar. His eyes more an icy blue than Vidar’s silver. The man was handsome in the same solid way as Vidar.
But then Raene freely admitted to her partiality for Aasguard warriors. This one dressed in the manner of all fighters, with a gleaming sword, also much larger than hers, at the ready.
“Lajos?” Vidar gathered her into his arms and strode through the crowd to the tall man at the back.
Behind them Aern uttered in a faint voice, “Fricassa?” Hope resonated there.
“Hi Aernie. Did you miss me?” The female’s voice was husky and tinged with affection.
“Of course I did. We didn’t know if you had survived when Atlas collapsed.” Aern shrank before clomping through the crowd. The congregation offered him wide berth.
Everyone except for her, Vidar, Lajos, and the eyelash fluttering green dragon.
“Does Aern have a girlfriend?” She whispered this to Vidar.
“It appears he does now.” Amusement lit Vidar’s molten eyes as he set her on her feet in front of the tall man. “Raene, this is my older brother, Lajos the Swift, also an Aasguard warrior. Lajos, this is my bride, Queen Raene of Montequirst.”
She smiled at the man as she took note of the family resemblance. “Lajos, you are most welcome.”
He swept up her hand with the courtly manners one expected from a gentleman. Lajos also bowed. Once he straightened, he and Vidar hugged. Then they stood with their hands on each other’s shoulders and inspected the other.
“Are you really marrying a queen?”
“I’ve already married her. Today is a mere formality.” 
More gasps and a wave of shock oscillated through the crowd.
Raene smiled at Vidar. “We wed the day we announced our marriage plans.”
“Always the planner.” Lajos’ eyes beamed approval at both of them. “Fricassa and I couldn’t believe an Aasguard warrior planned to marry a queen, so we came as soon as possible.”
“Your brother doesn’t fly well,” Fricassa inserted.
“I doubt I’d have trouble riding Aern, who isn’t toy sized.” Lajos sent an amused, and affectionate, look at the green dragon who had stopped batting her lashes at Aern but stood close to him.
Aern looked . . . besotted. Raene nudged Vidar, who followed her gaze. He barely repressed a snicker.
“Don’t expect to hear anything intelligent from him for the rest of today.”
Haines stepped forward then, and she made the introductions before he suggested they continue with the ceremony. “I’ve located your marriage license and everything is in order. Therefore you won’t need to sign the one we brought, which appears to be missing anyway.”
“This is merely to make our union official in the eyes of state and our subjects.” Raene stroked her husband’s cheek.
“Very well. Let us finish this.”
Lajos followed them through the crowd to the front so the Duke of Larkswallow could complete the ceremony formalities.
Stefana handed Raene’s flowers back to her. Vidar’s wedding garb had mostly dried. No one else protested. Especially in light of the feisty green dragon in their midst. It was just as well Fricassa kept her head, because it appeared Aern’s was in the clouds.
Raene repeated her vows with wholehearted certainty and what she imagined were stars in her eyes. Especially when the time for their rings came about.
Vidar produced a wide silver band lined with diamonds and she gaped.
“I’ve protected many treasures over the years. This one is personal. My beloved grandmother’s.” He slid the band on her finger, and she admired the way the light caught in the diamonds.
She had chosen a similar wide band, minus the diamonds, for Vidar. Raene solemnly slid his ring on his hand. Silver, like his eyes, it had to be made to fit her large husband. “This wedding band was created from the wedding rings of several of Montequirst’s fiercest warriors throughout our history.”
His hand tightened around hers as his throat worked. “Thank you, Raene.” Awe laced his tone.
They gazed into each other’s eyes, until the duke cleared his throat for the third time. Eyebrows soaring, she returned her attention to the ceremony, since theirs was an active part.
“You’re glowing.” Stefana whispered this in an aside when Raene handed her the bridal bouquet again. 
Raene nodded. “I’m not surprised. He’s amazing.”
Stefana turned a little pale, as her eyes slid to Lajos. “Yes, he is.”
Before she could delve into Stefana’s odd reaction, Larkswallow announced, “You may now kiss your bride.”
Vidar did so with gusto. This brought about twittering within the crowd.
A loud smooching noise interrupted their wedding kiss.
Aern and Fricassa parted, and her green scales darkened in the vicinity of her cheeks. “Oh Aernie.” She sighed.
Vidar’s eyebrows rose. “I think he was talking to me, not you, Aern.”
“Sorry. Couldn’t pass up the opportunity.” Aern sent calf-eyes to the still-blushing green dragon.
“Congratulations,” Raene gushed.
“I now pronounce you man and wife.” The Duke of Larkswallow didn’t manage to quell all of his rebuke.
A cheer went up and Vidar escorted her through the crowd to the small platform set off to the side of the room. He led her there and once they stood on the platform, the music changed, turning far more formal and royal in nature.
Two royal footmen carried the coronation crowns as the next ceremony began.
After much pomp and circumstance, of which she didn’t pay attention, Raene glanced at Vidar as their current crowns were removed so the special coronation crowns could be placed on their heads. They were seated on jeweled thrones on the dais, otherwise not even Haines could have reached Vidar’s head.
“How much longer does this last?” She whispered her question to Vidar during a moment when everyone was hopefully paying more attention to the two dukes.
“I can’t remember. It drug on the last time, too.”
They shared a smile and then stole a kiss. More twittering resounded. Raene refocused on the ceremony, but caught plenty of stifled mirth at them getting caught kissing.
“We’re newlyweds.”
“Yes, and you should enjoy this time together.” Haines sounded firm, quelling whatever comment clearly tickled the tip of Larkswallow’s tongue. 
During more intonations from Larkswallow, of which no one listened, she took Vidar’s hand in hers. He clutched her hand and brought it to his thigh where their fingers remained intertwined.
Any hope of listening to Larkswallow droning on and on was shattered when Vidar started playing with the diamond wedding band gracing her finger. His ring fit her perfectly and it looked right. She smiled at it and then him, coating herself in him.
The clearing of a throat alerted her to pay attention again.
Haines stood before her with two scepters which he held out to her. She took one in each hand. She had seen pictures of previous coronations, so she knew what she was supposed to do with these.
Larkswallow handed two additional scepters to Vidar. His hands closed around them as though this wasn’t the first time he had done so. Raene and Vidar stood as they were sworn into the offices of Queen and King, the Sovereigns of the Nation.
“I now pronounce to you Queen Raene of Montequirst and her husband, King Vidar the Loyal of Montequirst, Aasguard Warrior.” Haines proclaimed their titles in ringing tones, and a round of applause followed, which started in Stefana’s family corner, but soon erupted through the chamber.
The warriors near the back wall probably weren’t clapping, but the other people finally seemed to recognize the advantages of having an Aasguard warrior as their king. He understood security and protection. Military strategy and execution had been pounded into him at a much earlier age than any of their warriors.
This man would protect his own.
She handed the scepters back to Haines as Vidar handed his to Larkswallow. Then they were in each other’s arms, and he kissed her with all the fierceness of a man who had been given a priceless treasure he intended to keep.
Chapter 22

After the two ceremonies, Lockwillow indicated for them to begin the processional out of the cavern. In all the years Vidar had lived here, he never thought he’d be leaving this place as a married man, and the king.
Such ludicrous thoughts never even hinted within his mind.
Now, gripping Raene’s hand and seeing her smile and nod to various members of the court, his heart swelled.
His brother fell into step behind them, escorting Stefana. The dukes and then Stefana’s parents followed as the remainder of the people joined their royal parade.
They headed to the ballroom where tables had been set up for their guests. Not everyone present had been invited. Far too many people had attended today, but many of the spectators would take their celebrations to the streets, and the various pubs and restaurants dotting the busy thoroughfares.
Some would have brought their own food and planned to enjoy it in the company of family and friends they didn’t see very often.
All the way around, today was a holiday for them, and would be declared as such from now on.
“So will the people celebrate our wedding or our coronation on this day?” he asked Raene.
“I’ve been thinking about that.” She rubbed her bottom lip. “We’ll have to think more on the subject and then discuss it.”
“What about your mother’s passing?”
“That will be known as Accession Day.”
He nodded. “I believe that’s appropriate.”
Her sigh pierced his heart.
“We all eventually die.”
“You’ve lived longer than many of us combined.”
“Yes, Aasguard warriors do enjoy more years than many, but we’re not immortal.”
“Mostly we decide when it’s time and then we go on.” Lajos, who had heard the last part of their conversation, explained with a shrug.
Vidar noticed Stefana’s delicate hand wound around Lajos’ muscled arm as he escorted her into the ballroom. Set with intimate dining tables and fresh flowers, the ballroom had been transformed into a joyous space. A table at the very front of the room caught Vidar’s eye. Obviously fit only for a queen and her king, marking a day of celebration for them. Vidar and his new bride strolled to that table. “I assume this is for us.”
Surprisingly, he didn’t feel in the least bit intimidated by the trappings of his new station. They had to accept these aspects of the monarchy if they wished to improve their nation. Raene, despite having grown up with them, detested the pageantry as well. Her attitude on the subject made these frilly parts bearable.
“Stefana, you and Lajos are to join us at the front.”
“Aern would normally be disappointed not to be with us.” Vidar assessed the ballroom’s weaknesses and strengths as he spoke.
“He’s not worried about it at the moment.” Lajos joined him in cataloging the room’s vulnerabilities.
His brother’s shoulders relaxed at the same time as his did. The room was manageable for security and Stefana’s twin brother, the warrior who had impressed him when he came seeking advice upon the former queen’s illness, was present and a superb fighter. Lukas continued to impress Vidar the more he learned of the young man.
“Aern does seem taken with Fricassa.” Raene stole a quick kiss when Vidar seated her. It left him breathless.
“He’s been taken with her for as long as I’ve known him.”
“Fricassa neglected to tell me about her interest in Aern until we were en route.” Lajos finished seating Stefana beside Raene and then waited until Vidar sat before he also took the chair meant for him. The place settings were close together, but still allowed room for the four of them to maneuver. Especially in light of an attack.
He remained alert, and Lajos’ sword gleamed with menace. Driies also caught and kicked back the light.
“I hear you’ve been learning to use Driies?” Lajos asked his hostess as they were served the first course.
A delicate pink suffused Raene’s cheeks. “I’m learning, yes.”
“She’s already advanced to intermediate. Raene is a novice no longer.”
Stefana started. “You’re already good enough to defend yourself?”
“She can certainly hold her own.” Vidar was certain of this.
A musing expression crossed Stefana’s face. “Should I learn to use a sword?”
“Yes.” Raene didn’t pause as she spread butter across her roll.
“Been thinking about this, have you?” Vidar took a bite of his bread. The food that had been sent to him from the castle kitchens had always been above average, but this exceeded even what he’d subsisted on.
A man could grow spoiled. He didn’t have any intention of doing so.
Still.
“Why are only men trained to defend themselves? Every single man in Montequirst has been trained to use a sword. In war times, the men all go to war. Their absence leaves the women defenseless if none of us have been trained.” Stefana gestured with her butter knife. “Bronwyn is touted as a great warrior queen but none of us in my day, my mother’s, or even her mother’s have ever trained in sword use or self-defense. Why?” Stefana’s statement revealed that she and Raene must have conducted additional research on the legendary queen who had helped to produce his wife.
No one offered an answer to the princess.
Raene continued Stefana’s thought. “If the men all leave, then we’re ripe for plundering. No woman wants that. Therefore, we will begin training girls especially, but also all the women in this nation, in the art of self-defense and strategy.”
“My mother is better at strategy than anyone I know.” Stefana laid her butter knife across her bread plate.
“Yes. She would inspire fear in the hearts of most men if they knew how adept she is in that art.”
“She certainly does to those who know her.” The two women glanced over at Stella, who held court close by with the two widowed dukes, and her husband. Two additional couples dined at her table.
“I’ve always been disgusted with the nations who don’t teach their women these things.” Lajos polished off his roll. “There are far more of them these days than in the past.”
“You’ve been to nations where they do teach their women defense and strategy?” Raene’s head tipped to the side. Stefana also appeared intent on Lajos’ answer to Raene’s question.
“Of course. Since Atlas fell, Fricassa and I have wandered the globe. We have seen many different rulers and their education systems.” He waved a hand. “We’ve seen what works and what does not. Lack of a full education for everyone, including the women, is a sure downfall for a nation.” Lajos helped himself to another roll.
Stefana handed him the butter. His thanks might have been a little warmer than necessary. This might account for Stefana’s uncertainty of what to do with him. Their new princess had bumped hands with Raene twice already, and dropped both her fork and knife. Stefana’s eyes kept darting to the nearest exit.
“You lived in Atlas?” Raene took a delicate bite of salad.
“Yes. Fricassa and I guarded their royal treasures. We weren’t there the day Atlas ceased to exist, or we might not have made it. We had been tasked with transporting a treasure to another kingdom. When we returned, the city had disappeared into the Nesslock sea.”
“How devastating to lose friends like that.”
A shadow crossed Lajos’ face. “Yes. It took us a year to recover. Then we started roaming.”
“You should have come here sooner.” Raene watched a server set their next course in front of her.
“We talked about it for years, as Bronwyn had invited us, but it never felt right.” Lajos darted a look at Stefana, who dropped her napkin, so didn’t notice.
She did crack heads with the server who attempted to retrieve it for her. “Thank you, Stuart.”
The server grimaced at her. Then he whispered something.
Stefana’s cheeks brightened. She scowled at him. “Go away.”
The man did so, whistling.
“Do not stab him with your fork,” Raene warned.
With a guilty look, Stefana dropped the fork she retained a death grip on. Then she met Raene’s eyes. “So can I borrow your sword then?”
“No.” Raene’s head shake was firm.
“If he’s bothering her—” Lajos’ eyebrows snapped together.
“He’s not. Well, he probably is, but he’s been doing so since we were children.” Raene didn’t lose her aplomb as she cut the turkey on her plate.
“He’s very good at annoying people.” Stefana’s assurance made Lajos stop glaring at the man.
“Yes. It’s his life’s calling.”
Vidar’s heart twisted at Raene’s fond look. Her body language indicated she considered this man a friend. Vidar couldn’t ascertain how he felt about her feelings for the other man. When this Stuart returned, he deliberately bumped into Raene in the exact manner of a bratty brother.
Raene attempted to be royal for all of ten seconds before she surreptitiously nailed him back. Guffaws sounded from Stuart before he resumed a pious look.
Meeting his brother’s eyes, Vidar read amusement there. “Do you have a place to stay or do you need a room?”
“You’re welcome to a guest suite.” Raene’s lips stretched. “I suspect Fricassa plans to bunk down with Aern.”
Lajos grimaced. “On that thought, I would be appreciative of a guest suite.” He glanced around the well appointed ballroom. “This is a large residence.”
“I wouldn’t know.” Raene reached for her water goblet. “I haven’t traveled outside of Montequirst for years.”
“I have.” Lajos reassured her. “I’ve seen few castles to rival this one. What I’ve seen so far is impressive.”
“When Bronwyn ruled, she made excellent decisions, and we, her descendants, have prospered ever since.”
“Bronwyn deserved the accolades spoken and written about her. An extraordinary woman.” Lajos returned his attention to the excellent meal in front of him.
“You knew her as well?” A note crept into Raene’s voice that made Vidar search her face.
He couldn’t determine what she felt. This led him to believe her emotions hadn’t sorted themselves out yet.
“Of course. Vidar and I aren’t young ones any longer.”
“Thankfully.” Vidar swallowed some water.
“I’m quite content being the age I am.”
“That’s because neither of you show your age.” Raene’s tone was pithy. 
Since he could, he leaned forward to kiss her. She blinked and her eyes turned dreamy. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
“They do that all the time.” Stefana complained to Lajos.
“I see. How long does it take before you can stomach such behavior?”
“I haven’t reached that point yet. It’s been two weeks.”
Raene’s lips spread into a beautiful smile. “Thank you for marrying me.”
“Thank you for marrying me.” He traced the contour of her cheek before he reluctantly pulled away. “This brings me to something I wanted to discuss with you.” He glanced at his brother.
Who ate the last bite of meat on his plate with pleasure. “Yes?”
“Now that Raene is queen and married, she doesn’t require a bodyguard as she did.” He didn’t miss Raene’s moue of distaste.
“However, Stefana, who is now the acting princess, does.”
Stefana pointed to the table accompanied by her family. Except her brother sat at a table nearby with a few of the warriors who had been invited to the feast. “My brother is here.”
“He is. And he has been tasked with watching you, but eventually he’s going to be required to report to his previous duties.”
“I thought his time here was indefinite?” Stefana’s troubled eyes rested on her brother.
“It is. But he’s not trained to be a bodyguard, and I’m certain it won’t challenge him to the same extent as his previous post.”
Stefana looked stricken. “You’re saying if he’s my bodyguard, he won’t advance?”
“Correct.”
Gaze dropping to her plate, Stefana played with the food there, but she stopped eating. “He needs to return to his previous assignment.”
“His commander has assured me he is free to guard you for as long as necessary.”
“But?” Stefana pushed some potatoes into a pile of vegetables. She wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“But he should be permitted to return to his company. I’ve another idea for your bodyguard.”
“Who?”
He transferred his attention from the agitated princess to his brother. “You’re free to serve as a warrior?”
Lajos had to swallow before he could answer. “I am. I don’t suspect Fricassa is eager to leave here any time soon.”
“Unless she and Aern have a fight.” Raene tapped her fork. “That’s not likely is it?”
“No. Aern has been enamored with her for centuries.” He had no trouble answering that question.
“I didn’t know Fricassa knew him until we made our way here.” Lajos shook his head.
“But she’s so small.” A frown pleated Raene’s forehead.
“Dragons are tough. And Aern is probably the largest dragon I’ve ever encountered.” Lajos pursed his lips. “There are a few who come close.”
“I’ve never met another as immense.” Vidar stole the rest of Raene’s turkey since she had finished. Marriage was an institution he intended to tout to other Aasguards.
“So Aern and Fricassa will guard the royal treasures?” Raene asked him.
“Without difficulty. They’ll enjoy being together.”
“Fricassa twittered about him the entire way here. We had to stop every few miles so she could check her appearance.” Lajos didn’t look impressed. “She hasn’t looked different in twelve hundred years.”
“It’s a female thing,” Stefana murmured and Raene attested to this with a knowing nod.
This must have mollified Lajos. “I have never seen her like that. So I expect we’ll be here for a while. How long does the princess need a bodyguard?”
Vidar recognized the light in Lajos’ eyes, but he politely didn’t call his brother on it. Not right now. Later, when they were alone he’d mention his suspicions.
“Until she’s married.” Vidar’s answer brought forth a gasp from both ladies. “Or when the new princess is born.”
Stefana turned a little pale.
“A child won’t be able to perform the duties Stefana currently oversees. So she’s going to remain the princess for a long while yet.” Lajos flicked a look in Stefana’s direction.
“Stefana will remain a princess her entire life.” Raene spoke firmly. “Unless she marries a king.” Her brooding gaze landed on Stefana’s still pale face.
“Is that a possibility?” Stefana’s voice strangled.
“Of course. There is only one neighboring country who has a single king, but there are plenty more monarchies beyond this one.” Raene tapped a finger on the table. The ring he had given her played with the light.
“I do get a choice in this, right?” Stefana’s taut question drew his attention back to her.
If she didn’t have a choice, Stefana might be a flight risk.
“Definitely. No woman in my realm is going to marry against her will.” Inflexibility resounded within Raene’s voice. Her hand clutched his. “You will be given a choice.”
“What if I don’t want any of the men who are available?” Stefana’s voice thickened.
Vidar stepped in to reassure her. “Then you shall not marry. This is why you have a bodyguard. Nobody in his right mind is going snatch you from an Aasguard warrior.”
The rigid line of Stefana’s shoulders loosened. “Right.” Her face remained too pale.
“I circumvented the ‘rules,’ and you will be able to as well.”
“There is no need for you to marry, Stefana. Not until you wish to do so.” Vidar made his full support of his wife’s declaration as clear as possible.
Raene’s decisive nod furthered their resolve. “I had to because of the outdated laws of this land. Not to mention, the outdated thinking. You do not need to acquiesce to those.”
“Thank you.”
Stefana’s heartfelt—and slightly teary—thanks, pierced his heart.
Chapter 23

Raene clutched his hand as they retired to their new suite. The space was ready and from what they’d gathered, all their belongings had been moved.
He shoved open the door for her and then indicated for her to precede him. With a quick smile and a deep breath, she stepped into the room.
“Oh Vidar.”
Following her after he shut the door, he released her hand to instead enfold her from behind as they took in the suite that would now be theirs. “It’s beautiful.” He felt the deluge of emotions blast her, all of them positive. He savored her warmth and the happiness he had no trouble discerning.
“I couldn’t picture the final product for some reason.” Now as her eyes leapt from corner to corner, his heart swelled with hers.
“It’s plenty big enough for us.”
Her eyes lit on the small alcove to the right. Space for a baby cradle. Right now it was empty, but someday . . .
He heard her thoughts as though he had peeked inside her head.
Vidar squeezed her again. “We’re not ready for that stage yet, right?”
“Right. It’s far too soon.”
“Excellent. Although I am looking forward to being a father. But we have so much to learn about our new positions and being married.”
“We have plenty on our agendas right now. It would be overwhelming to add a child to that mix.”
“When we’re bored with life, then I’m all for adding to our family.”
Turning within the circle of his arms, she fixed him with a fierce frown. “When we’re bored? Do you think that will happen for us?”
He winced at his poor choice of words. “No, I don’t. But you understand what I failed to say as eloquently as I hoped.”
She cupped his cheek in her hand as their eyes met. “Yes, I understand. I believe we’ll know when to start our family.”
“As do I.”
That wonderful sense of being alive geysered from deep inside him. Maybe in the past he hadn’t been alive. During those long years, he had gone through the motions, but had never been truly living before. Now he was a complete person again. At least complete when he was with Raene.
“I—” He shook his head and decided to show her instead. Tugging her tight, he melded their lips and she responded exactly as she had the last two weeks.
With enthusiasm and warmth. His joy ballooned as their tongues met. More heat, so much he didn’t know how to contain it, suffused him.
Vidar scooped her up and crossed the room in nearly the same motion. He laid her on the bed and fell beside her, welcoming her back into his arms. Hers circled his neck as she nuzzled him.
“This bed is much bigger than my childhood one.”
“It is. Although I didn’t mind the previous one.”
“This one is king sized.” Her mischievous grin and the way she wrinkled her nose made it impossible to look away.
“Seems appropriate.”
The music of her laughter lit the dark places that had lurked within him for years.

A long time later, they finally stirred on the bed. He was relaxed and satisfied. Raene snuggled against his side.
“Does Lajos have designs on Stefana?”
He leaned back to peer into her face. He appreciated her dreamy expression.
“Yes.”
Sinking a little deeper into the most comfortable bed he’d ever laid in, he drifted on empty thoughts and contentment.
Until Raene scrabbled away from him. Or, at least up on her elbow. She eyeballed him. “Yes and what?”
Additional blankness swarmed. “I don’t understand your question.”
“Can you add to that?”
“Add to what?” He had no idea what she wished to know.
“We’ve established Lajos is interested in Stefana. What are his intentions? Why is he interested in her? Does he plan to pursue this? Will she get hurt?”
Okay, those were all relevant questions. Women’s brains differed vastly from men’s.
“I have no idea.”
Her eyebrows rose, lowered, then rose again. Then her eyes narrowed at the same time as delicate fingertips dug into his ribs. “You need to answer my questions.”
Shooting upright at the impromptu tickling session, Vidar caught her hands and held them away from his body.
“What was that for?” He tried for offended but failed miserably. Laughter bubbled.
He couldn’t remember the last time someone had tickled him. That it was his new wife . . .  A lump shot into his throat.
“You need to answer my questions.” Raene cocked one of her elegant eyebrows. “You’re not doing so.”
“I don’t know the answers to your nosy questions.” He shrugged. “We’ll have to wait and see.”
“I’m not interested in waiting or seeing. I need answers now!” Raene twisted her wrists in his hold and broke free at his thumbs. Then she slid both arms around his neck. “You’re distracting.”
He curled his arms around her to keep her close. “Lajos might have gotten ideas from my marriage. It’s a step none of us have ever entertained but now that I’ve done so, it’s sure to have intrigued other Aasguards.”
“I don’t want to see Stefana get hurt.”
“Meaning she has been already?”
Her nod was subtle. “She’s been interested in a certain warrior for years. Only he just announced his betrothal to one of our friends. Who is over the moon about him. And he’s just as enthralled with her.”
“My brother is not about to trifle with a maiden.”
“You’re certain?”
“Of course. It’s part of the code. If he’s interested, he’s thinking marriage.”
“Stefana couldn’t do better than Lajos.”
“He’d protect her all the days of her life.”
“I believe that.”
Vidar held her a little tighter. “Just as I’ll protect you all the days of your life, Raene.”
Her heart leapt into her throat. “I also believe that.”
Their eyes connected, followed by their lips. This kiss was unlike any other they’d shared. A promise. A sweet, simple pledge to fight whatever came at them together.
It extended their wedding vows and firmed their resolve.
“I adore you.” Her earnestness humbled him. 
“I feel the same.” He stroked a finger across her cheek. “You’ve become far more important to me than I ever thought possible.”
Her swallow was loud in the quiet room. “Yes.”
There was no need to say more.
They both understood. He felt her intention to hold on tight to their amazing relationship with everything inside her. It harmonized with his.
Chapter 24

“Raene, Vidar, hello?” Frantic pounding on their bedroom door yanked him out of a deep sleep.
Vidar’s eyes snapped open and he grabbed trousers and his sword on the way to the door. Once he donned the trousers, he opened the barrier.
Stuart, of mischief and mayhem, waited impatiently on the other side. His hair stood every which way and he sported several sleep creases on his cheek. He had dressed in a misbuttoned shirt and trousers that might be inside out.
“What’s wrong?”
“There’s a huge contingent marching this way.” A muscle in Stuart’s cheek tensed.
“As in an army?” Vidar hurried to his closet, with Stuart on his heels.
Raene waited until they entered the space before she rolled out of bed. She hurried into her own closet, Driies in hand.
As he tugged on additional clothes and his leathers, Vidar spouted questions to Stuart.
“From which direction?”
“North and east. There could be additional troops from the other directions, but we haven’t spotted them yet.”
“How many men?”
“There are at least a thousand. But probably more.” Stuart’s voice quavered for a moment.
Vidar took a moment to glance at him. “There are two Aasguard warriors here and two dragons.”
The muscle in Stuart’s cheek pulsed again. “What does that mean? In terms I can understand.”
“Were you present at my wedding?”
“No. I worked through it.”
Vidar finished strapping his sword to his side. “Some idiot warrior challenged Raene and me. Aern, the black dragon who has been my companion?”
At Stuart’s nod, Vidar continued. “Aern took exception to the man’s complaints. And he showed the difference between a human and an Aasguard.”
“What’s the difference?”
“Aern vaporized the human with dragonfyre. He charred my wedding finery a bit, but Aasguard warriors don’t have trouble with dragonfyre. We can withstand far more than a mere human.”
“Are you another species?”
The question made him pause. “In technical terms, we might be.”
“Obviously dragons are a different species.” Stuart ran an agitated hand over his unruly hair.
“Dragons store copious amounts of dragonfyre. Aern is the largest dragon I’ve ever met. He doesn’t fly well, but he is capable of annihilating the entire contingent coming at us by himself.”
Stuart paled. “One dragon can do that?”
“Sure. My brother and I could also take this approaching army on, by ourselves. There are two of us, so this should be easy. With the two dragons, we probably won’t even break a sweat.”
Raene joined them in the bedroom. She was dressed in warrior garb with Driies strapped at her hip. “I’m ready.”
“You are not coming with us.” When had he become a dictator?
His wife’s expression didn’t alter. “With our combined presence, we might be able to stave off any bloodshed.”
“Raene.” But then he thought about what she said. His need to protect her vied with the best decision for the land. “You plan to talk to this army?” Everything within him resisted the notion of her accompanying them.
“Of course. They’re probably neighbors.”
She eyed him as though she doubted his intellect. He spoke succinctly. “They’re approaching with every intention of fighting.”
“They’re coming here because they believe they can force me to marry whoever thought up this not-so-bright idea. Once they’re aware I’m married, to you, and we have dragons, most of them will back off.”
She did know these people, whereas he didn’t. “What are your exact plans?”
“We meet them at the border. With you and your brother and the dragons. As well as some of our warriors. The majority of the soldiers need to remain posted on our borders as they are.”
“Send Stefana into the treasure room.” He at least wanted the new princess out of reach of any of this marauding army. He’d feel better if he could tuck Raene there as well.
“Excellent idea. She’ll be safe there.” She turned back to him as though something new had occurred to her. “Doesn’t Aern have to be there in order for her to enter the room?”
“He’s expecting her. Then he and Fricassa will join us outside.” While reluctant to include her, Raene did likely know these people, and her hiding would not send the proper message to their neighbors. As the queen, she needed to meet the threat.
Vidar’s skills were up to keeping her safe. Not to mention his brother’s. They could, and would, protect her.
Raene leapt across the room to her crystal and called up Stefana. He didn’t listen in on the conversation, but from what he gathered in passing, Stefana agreed. The woman didn’t intend to be married out of hand.
“She’s on her way to the cavern.”
He breathed a little easier.
“I’m ready.”
“So am I.” They left their bedroom together. Stuart went to rally more people, with specific instructions from Vidar. He had a plan and since he was now king, it would be implemented.
As they passed his brother’s suite, Lajos joined them. “I heard there’s some action going on. Thought I might help.”
“You’re most heartily welcomed.” Raene’s hand wrapped around the hilt of Driies.
“Stefana?”
“Is heading to the treasure room as we speak.”
“Perfect. She’ll be safe there.”
“Do you think she’s not safe?” Raene sent Lajos a sharp glance.
“I believe she’s considered a treasure to certain unsavory characters.”
Vidar had to hide a smile at the politically spoken answer. “She will be safe in the treasure room.”
“What about us?” Raene took three steps for every one of his or Lajos’s, but she kept up with them.
“We’re safe as well.” He slowed his pace so she didn’t have to run. And resisted the temptation to snatch her up and carry her. Or hide her in a pocket since he couldn’t stash her in the treasure room.
He hadn’t expected to be faced with her being the queen this soon.
“We will be.” Her mouth tightened.
Lajos didn’t shrug, but his manner was similar. “We are right now.”
Raene didn’t look as certain, but her doubt was fine. She’d never actually seen either of them in battle. So much had changed for her in the last two months, so he didn’t balk at her lack of confidence.
Instead, he and Lajos matched their steps with hers and strode to battle.

When they reached the outdoors, a snappy breeze tried to snatch Raine’s breath. It caught at her bound hair, and flapped her clothes.
An odd sense of calm settled over her as the hilt of Driies warmed. The weight of the sword proved reassuring.
They left the castle behind, stalking into a side garden, an Aasguard warrior on either side. Vidar’s arm and hand brushed hers from time to time. As though reassuring her he was close by and wouldn’t allow anyone to harm her.
Lajos didn’t offer physical reassurance, but his confidence was palatable. Perhaps the presence of these two men constituted her lack of alarm and fear.
Her brain didn’t churn with chaos as she would have expected. Had they not been with her, she would have degenerated into a rattling mess.
Or locked herself in the treasure room with Stefana. Chewing on her nails and sweating.
Except as the queen, she needed to face the battle head on. And she would.
A massive black dragon and the far more petite green one joined them. Aern waited until she and Vidar alighted onto his back before he headed for the sky. Fricassa, despite being so small, took Lajos’ weight with aplomb. It took her mere seconds to become airborne. Their wings created an impressive downdraft.
Aern and Fricassa checked in with each other, then powerful wings beating, burst into the clouds. Having never flown before, Raene was heartily grateful for Vidar’s hard arms encircling her and his radiant heat that kept her warm. 
It didn’t take the dragons long to reach the border, so flying had some merit. The dragons set their passengers on the ground before both soared over the battalion. Their huge shadows caused varied exclamations from the men below.
Fricassa blew out one puff of dragonfyre and annihilated the cannons. A mere afterthought of a breath, with impressive results. Panicked shouts resounded as the men nearest the cannons dove for cover.
The rest of the contingent spun to see what had happened, and soon broke rank. Many of them sought cover, without their commander’s permission.
“No one said they had dragons.” This protest echoed throughout the platoon.
Those on horseback continued forward, as though their equine made them impervious to dragonfyre.
One man, flying banners she recognized, spurred his steed forward. She waited. This army had one purpose and her stomach squelched at the very idea of marrying the jerk. She would run him through with Driies first.
And thereby start a war.
When he spotted her, Ostard reined in the stallion to peer down at her from what he probably considered a lofty perch. “Raene of Montequirst.”
“Ostard, state your business.”
“You are queen now?”
Rising to her full, unimpressive height, she spat, “State your business.”
He narrowed his eyes. “You are in need of a husband, therefore, you will choose me.”
“I am not in need of a husband.” Icicles dripped off each word. Vidar’s sure grip on his sword hilt did not waver, and that settled the ravens in her stomach.
“We are aware of your mother’s death and that you must have a king to protect you. Therefore we will combine my kingdom and yours.”
Driies grew hot against her hand, so Raene drew the sword and cut the girth binding his saddle.
With an alarmed, animal-like cry, the odious king and his saddle tumbled to the frozen ground. Several officers, also astride war horses, rushed forward to assist him. Raene beat them there, her sword at the vile man’s neck. “I reject your proposal.”
“You can’t.” He avoided her blade and stood with agile grace, dusted himself off, cheeks red. His fists curled as his jaw hardened. “There is no choice in the matter for you.”
Aern swept so low he knocked the king sideways. Landing right in front of him, Aern’s bulk made the saddle-less horse skitter to the side. It screamed, reared, then courage breaking, raced in the direction it had come.
Ostard bellowed after it, but Aern growled and immediately the idiot returned his attention to the black dragon. “The queen has stated she’s not interested in marrying you.” His voice emitted low and deadly.
Fricassa settled beside him.
“She is in need of a husband.”
“She is not.”
“What do you mean she’s not?” He swung back to her. “There hasn’t been time for you to marry.”
“I married the day of my mother’s funeral. To the husband of my choosing.” She didn’t raise her voice, but did grip Driies a little tighter.
“Who did you marry?”
Did this idiot not read the news?
“A man who can withstand dragonfyre and who is the greatest warrior in this land and any surrounding it.”
Lajos snorted. “He’s not the best any longer. Not with me here.”
The neighboring king’s eyes snapped to the tall men flanking her. “You married one of these men?”
“Meet King Vidar the Loyal of Montequirst, Aasguard warrior, and my husband.” She transferred Driies to her right hand so she could take Vidar’s in her left. This showcased the sparkling wedding band he had gifted her.
“Normally I’d say it is nice to meet you, but I’m not feeling so at the moment.” Vidar’s eyes slivered so only a hint of cold silver showed.
The other king had the presence of mind to take a step back. “What’s this? You can’t be married.”
“She married him privately, and legally, on the day her mother died, and formally, yesterday. I, and most of Montequirst, witnessed the second ceremony.” Lajos wasn’t any less daunting.
“Meet Vidar’s brother, Lajos the Swift. Also an Aasguard warrior.” She nodded to Aern. “The black dragon is Vidar’s companion, Aern. The green one is Lajos’ companion. Her name is Fricassa.”
Fricassa offered him a smile that showcased plenty of sharp teeth. Both dragon’s horns and spikes were very much in evidence.
King Ostard stepped back again. “What is this? Aasguard warriors don’t marry. There was talk you had one to guard your treasure house.” His floundering amused her on one level, but the man was wasting her time. He had also shattered her and Vidar’s first morning together in their new suite.
“Aern and I have shared that task for nearly three decades.” Vidar tipped his head to the massive dragon. “However, when it became apparent Raene needed a husband, she chose me. I accepted.”
“I chose wisely.” Driies pulsed in her hand. When one of the officers urged his steed closer, the horse ended up with the sword within centimeters of its nose.
It sidled left. Then backpedaled, despite the rider’s cues. “This is unheard of.” The rider protested, as though protests would change everything.
“The last person to complain about my husband got vaporized.” She waved an airy hand toward Aern.
Who looked more than a little smug.
Ostard tore his gaze from Aern to eye the two Aasguards. Their impressive height demanded tall swords and both weapons gleamed ominously in the sunlight. Confidence exuded from both warriors, the type earned through years of battle.
Maybe Ostard didn’t fear her, and this made sense, she hadn’t reached master status yet in her training, but the two Aasguards standing with her had long ago reached such status. They deserved the wariness emanating from all of the men.
Although a few of them did view Driies with a fraction of trepidation. Raene had every intention of continuing her training. And every woman and girl in Montequirst would train as well.
This incident cemented her first major decision as the Queen of Montequirst. 
One of the older officers dipped his head to her. “Queen Raene, we are relieved to hear you are wed. As you do not require our protection, we will extend our greatest wishes for a long and happy life for you and your husband.” His gaze swept from Vidar and Lajos, to the two dragons. “And we will take our leave.”
Many of the men present didn’t appear well trained. Her eyes narrowed. These “soldiers” might have come from the lawless west. It would explain why Ostard marched with such an impressive number. Ostardland surely didn’t boast this many soldiers.
“Who is your princess?” Ostard looked flushed, but no longer flustered.
“She’s safe in the treasure room.” Raene’s heart dropped at the look in his eyes. Well hidden crazy stirred there. A wave of sorrow for her friend, the late Queen Lalika, who had been forced to wed him, washed through her.
No more of her friends would be sacrificed to this vermin.
“As a princess now, she will have position and duties.” A nasty smirk flashed across Ostard’s face.
Raene had to swallow the resulting knot of revulsion before she could answer. “Again, she is safe and not of your concern.” She poked the tip of Driies into Ostard’s chest.
Eying the sword with a modicum of respect, the light died in his eyes. His lip did curl into a snarl. “You have ruined everything.”
Raene disagreed. “No, I saved everything. You are free to leave now.”
One of the riders broke the ranks to lead a saddle-less horse forward. Ostard vaulted onto its back. Then turning the equine without a bridle, galloped away. The others fell in behind him. Those on foot reformed their lines and the army departed. The sound of booted feet fading the further they went.
She sheathed Driies.
“You cut his saddle out from under him.” Lajos sounded both awed and alarmed by this.
“He’s going to continue to be a problem.” Vidar stared after the crazy king, his jaw hard.
“Yes. We knew from the beginning he would be.” Raene glared in the same direction. “I didn’t realize until now that he’s crazy.”
“He’s definitely that.” Now Lajos’ jaw looked in danger of cracking. “And he’s set his sights on Stefana.”
“He doesn’t know she’s the princess.”
Lajos sent her a speaking look. “It will take him five minutes with a crystal console to determine the identity and marital status of Montequirst’s acting princess.”
The same knot of revulsion jammed in her throat. Even the idea of being close to such filth made her shudder. “Stefana is not marrying him.”
“Not a chance.” Lajos’ easy agreement and his fist clamping around his sword vastly reassured her. “She won’t ever get close enough to him for marriage to be a problem.”
“Thank you.” She briefly laid a hand on Lajos’ arm.
“You’re welcome.” A lot of information passed between him and Vidar, but she couldn’t discern any of it. The bond between siblings was supposedly strong. Plus these men differed from normal humans.
Still, her own resolve hardened. Stefana would not be hounded by any men.
Her first priority upon returning to the castle—change the archaic laws governing marriage, as they related to women in general, and royalty in particular.
After she freed Stefana from the treasure room.
Chapter 25

“Are you certain I won’t have to marry against my will?” Stefana brushed the dust from her gown sleeve as Raene turned back to the entrance of the treasure vault.
“Absolutely certain. There will be no forced marriages ever again in Montequirst. I will have this law passed within the week.” They entered the large cavern where she and Vidar had first met. Her husband stayed busy on the crystal console across the way. He had been using this one for years so it made sense he preferred it.
“But this law won’t apply to neighboring nations, will it? Their laws are different than ours.” Stefana was pale and trembly around the edges, but composed.
“It doesn’t matter. If a man takes you from here, he is violating our laws and will therefore be subject to them.”
“If he takes me from here, then I’m subject to the laws of his land.” Stefana’s lips quivered while her hands shook.
“Explain that to Aern.” Raene indicated the intertwined dragon pair in the corner, who were currently in conversation with Lajos.
Stefana blinked. “Why do I need to explain this to a dragon?”
“Because in this instance, he will be the enforcer of the new law.”
A glimmer of understanding lit Stefana’s dark orbs. “You mean if I’m taken from Montequirst, Aern will rescue me?”
“Yes. And he’ll deal with the lawbreaker. In his own, personal way.”
Laughter spilled from Stefana’s throat. It contained a sharp edge, but was still a welcome sign of mirth.
“I am so relieved to hear this. So utterly relieved.”
“I thought you might be. I saw the number of men Ostard brought and I felt everything you would feel should you have to face this.” Raene didn’t repress a shudder in time. 
“Thank goodness for Vidar.”
“Yes. That thought circled through my brain the entire time.”
“Maybe it’s cowardly, but I’m relieved to have hidden in the treasure room.” Then her friend straightened her spine and stepped away from the cave stalagmite keeping her upright. “However—”
Stefana swallowed audibly.
“However what?”
“Several thoughts kept running through my mind.”
“Such as?”
“What if they found me in the treasury? How would I defend myself?” Stefana’s face contorted. “Throw jewels at them? Try to stab them with crown points?”
A valid concern. Raene’s jaw firmed. “What do you need?”
“I need to learn to fight. You carry Driies and now I understand why. At least a sword gives you something.”
“Exactly. That’s why I carry it.” She affectionately patted the weapon in question. “I plan to arrange for you and all the women in this nation to take lessons.”
“Lessons in what?”
“Self-defense and swordsmanship.”
A wicked gleam erupted in Stefana’s eyes. “Can you imagine my mom with sword skills?”
“Yes. No one will mess with her. We’ll send her and Aern after you.”
A laugh escaped her friend. “I’m so relieved about this training. But who will be teaching us?”
“Vidar is overseeing that. Right now in fact. I believe your brother will be the proud recipient of a well earned promotion. As well as several other deserving warriors—to teach all of our females the same basics our males receive.”
“Lukas is getting promoted?”
“He is. From the sound of it, teaching is something he excels at, and he’s quite adept with a sword and in hand-to-hand combat, so his commander thought of him immediately.”
“I don’t believe he enjoyed patrols.”
“No. This will move him up the ranks and offer him a pay increase.”
Stefana clasped her hands together. “I’m so happy for him.”
“Vidar outlined his plan on our way back to the castle. By the end of the week, it should be implemented. It is time for us to step out of these outdated modes of thinking.”
“Well past time.”
Vidar joined them. He tugged her close. She nestled against him, more thankful than ever she had married this man. The myriad reasons jostled each other.
Lajos joined them soon after and they all made for the castle as their empty stomachs took turns grumbling. The dining hall was nearly empty, but in the wake of the excitement this morning, that made sense. Most people probably ate on the run, or didn’t take time for breakfast.
Once seated, Raene reached for the coffee pot. She poured for all four of them, and they partook of the food that appeared by the time they sat down. All of it wonderfully hot and smelled so delicious her stomach sent up demands.
It didn’t take them long to make inroads into the fare. She downed the first cup of coffee and then some protein followed by fruit. Her stomach responded with happiness.
While Stefana matched her bite for bite, Vidar and Lajos tripled what they ate.
When you were that big, it made sense you required more fuel to keep functioning. “Did Aern and Fricassa get something?” She looked to Vidar.
“Yes. They were served as we left the cavern. And if not, both are adept at seeking out their own food.”
Lajos nodded. “Fricassa is an accomplished hunter. She’s fast and deadly. On her own she could keep herself and Aern in nutrients.”
“Does Aern hunt?” Raene couldn’t imagine how something that big managed to be fast.
“He does, although he’s not great at it. As you’d imagine, his size slows him down, unless brute strength is required. He performs much better when he shrinks himself.”
“Can Fricassa shrink and grow herself?” Raene queried Lajos, who sipped coffee, obviously savoring the brew.
“Yes. Although she doesn’t need to on a regular basis like Aern, so she’s not as adept at it.” He sat up straighter in his chair. “There was no reason why she couldn’t have grown while we flew here to make the trip more comfortable.” Despite his grumbles, a lot of affection threaded his tone.
“I didn’t know we had a dragon here. Not until Raene took me to meet Vidar.” Stefana finished her coffee and then rose. “I need to start on the stacks of parchment on my desk.”
It didn’t take Lajos long to rise with her. One of her dark eyebrows rose.
“I’m your bodyguard. Until such a time as you’re married.”
For a moment it looked as though breakfast hadn’t agreed with Stefana. She shot a quick look in Raine’s direction, but she refrained from stating her first thought. “Very well.” Ever gracious, she acquiesced.
When they were alone, Raene’s focus snapped to Vidar. As usual.
He assisted her to her feet and then steered her, not toward their offices, but up the stairs instead.
They followed the passages that led to their suite. He ushered her inside and then shut and locked the door. As soon as this was accomplished, he snapped her into his arms, and held her tight. So tight her lungs constricted.
“We will not repeat this morning ever again.” His voice held dire consequences. “There was a holy man in his army.”
Her heart dropped. “So he intended to force me to marry him this morning.”
“Oh yes. Aern would have taken exception however.”
“I would have taken exception.” Her stomach protested breakfast. “If you hadn’t been there this morning, I’d have been married to someone I loathe.”
“You would have run him through with Driies before the month was out.” Vidar rubbed his jaw before transferring his hand to her waist. He tugged her further into the haven of his arms. “You’re shaking.”
“I don’t want to marry anyone but you.” 
His smile was so warm she paused.
“I’m the only man you’re ever going to marry.”
The heat spread. Her marriage would never replace her mother. It would never replace the longings for her parents. The emptiness came because there were important people now missing from her life. 
This man tempered the emptiness. The surge of emotion through her made him blink.
She felt his heart leap. “I never thought to marry. Now I’m wed to the woman I love.”
Her heart jolted at his statement. “Love? You love me?”
That quickly, the surging emotions within her made sense.
“It took me a while to figure out that’s what this is. But yes, Raene of Montequirst, I love you.”
“And I love you.” She blinked as everything within her righted again. “I love you, Vidar.”
His lips descended, hers rose, and they joined in a kiss that held so much of the amazing emotion her heart wept.
“We are so fortunate.” She slid her finger along his mouth.
“Yes, we are. Not many people who marry like we did end up loving each other. But that’s what this is.” His eyes were intense.
“Never let me go.”
“You have my solemn and most sincere vow that I will never let you go.”
She smiled at him, aware her heart likely showed in her gaze. It was okay. This man loved her. And she loved him.
“I will never let you go, either.”
The promise in his beloved silver eyes sealed their agreement.
Chapter 26

“Look, just because you’re my bodyguard does not mean you need to follow me to the water closet.” Stefana’s cheeks heated. It was so intimate.
“I’m here to make certain there are no surprises inside, and then I shall wait for you outside.” Lajos’ tone offered no give.
While not the type to stomp her foot, Stefana now understood those who were. “I’m perfectly capable.”
“In matters of this kingdom, certainly. In keeping your person out of the hands of those who would marry you for your place, doubtful.” The amusement on his face made her contemplate those who kicked people, too.
It would be most satisfying.
“Again, I’ve been walking to the restroom myself for twenty years.”
“You weren’t the princess then.” He indicated she should precede him out of the library. Since Vidar and Raene hadn’t returned from the battle yet, or had something else to do, she and Lajos had the space to themselves. Stefana would have appreciated Raene’s support.
She stepped through the doorway and into the hallway. It bustled with people. Men, mostly. Swallowing, she edged closer to Lajos, who tucked her against him, and gripped his sword hilt. His cold, hard eyes pierced any man who veered too close.
Heart pounding and with a nasty taste on her tongue, hackles raised to maximum level, Stefana stopped protesting his presence for a mundane visit to relieve nature’s call. She didn’t have a weapon like Raene did. “I need a sword.”
“Yes, you do. But for now, you must rely on mine.”
“You do know how to use yours.”
He pursed his lips. “There is something to be said for a true novice attempting to wield a sword. You never know what they’re about.”
“You mean I’ll be as deadly as you since I have no idea how to fight?” This notion appealed, but also appalled her.
“Perhaps not as deadly as me, but frightening in your own right.”
“Maybe I should learn only enough to be scary.” They rounded a corner to the powder room she sought. Additional men, most of them warriors, milled about. But the room was empty.
She scowled at those nearest the door. They skittered out of her way. “If this hall isn’t clear by the time I’m finished, heads are going to roll.” Stefana used the same tones she had heard Margina employ during tense situations.
This was ridiculous. To add credence to her decree, Lajos unsheathed his sword and grinned. Many of the warriors paled, and before she ever entered the water closet, exited through the nearest doors.
She clapped the door shut, muttering under her breath. Once Raene produced a daughter, there would be a new princess. Stefana wouldn’t remain the princess, at least not the ruling princess. Heartily sick of the politics already, she scooped her skirts out of the way to enable her to empty her bladder.
Too bad she couldn’t empty the rest of the unwanted things from her life so easily.
The image of the hard-eyed warrior on the other side of the barrier reassured her though.
Yet she’d never be safe from the predators out there until she wed.
Her stomach roiled.
Epilogue

Three years later

“Today we welcome the future queen. Meet Princess Vivian Margina, beloved daughter of Queen Raene and King Vidar.”
The Duke of Lockwillow held up the tiny bundle of sleeping baby to show those on the ground. Stepping closer to the balcony edge he allowed her subjects to view her sleeping face.
“Queen Raene? Is she doing well?” Someone near the balcony asked. The crowd leaned forward.
Vidar joined him on the balcony, taking his daughter to cuddle her close. “The queen is fine. She is pleased to welcome our daughter.”
Stefana appeared at the edge of the balcony then, cradling another bundle. “Welcome her brother, Prince Rainier Viktor. The beloved son of Queen Raene and King Vidar.”
A gasp swept through the spectators. “Twins?” This question echoed in waves throughout the assembly.
Adjusting his daughter, Vidar then took his son. His chest couldn’t expand more. To be a husband and now a father was more than most Aasguards experienced. Holding his wiggling children as the cheers went up for these, the future of Montequirst, his happiness couldn’t be greater. 
It hadn’t taken long for those nations surrounding them to hear the new king was an Aasguard Warrior, and his brother now resided here as well. Then their sister, another Aasguard, had arrived. Her dragon had chosen to pass into the next life, so she had journeyed to her family.
Raene and Stefana had heartily welcomed Ari. She helped Lajos protect Stefana and healed from losing her companion. Additional Aasguards made their way to Montequirst while assessing their options. No longer were they confined to treasuries and work as bodyguards, but Vidar’s marriage showed them their infinite range of options.
The dragons, Aasguards, and extensive training for females initiated by Raene, quelled any further attacks on their land. Living in peace and harmony, the nation prospered.
They continued to train and to take measures to protect themselves.
Life proved to be wonderful for a man who had been only living a half life.
Gazing at his children, he met his brother’s then his sister’s eyes. Both of whom had come out on the balcony and promptly stole his children. Their adoring expressions reminded him that he and Raene would need to take measures to keep the twins from being too spoiled.
“Thank you for your interest in our children. We are blessed to have them and will update you as to their health and happiness.”
“Thank you for being the best king we’ve ever had in this nation,” Lockwillow stated for his ears only.
Vidar started. “I’m not the best.”
“You are.” The duke’s gaze grew speculative. “Did I hear we are expecting dragon babies as well?”
“They’ve already arrived,” his sister stated. “We have three beautiful new dragons.”
“Fricassa is okay?”
Lajos sniggered. “She is doing well. Aern, on the other hand, is a mess. You’d think he was the one tasked with birthing them.”
“Once Raene has recovered, we’ll take the babies to see them.”
“So sometime this evening?” Stefana’s expression turned knowing.
“Hopefully she’ll rest that long.”
They all knew better.
His sister’s eyes lit up. “Aern will be happy to see you and to show off his babies.”
“And he’ll want to coo over yours.” Stefana exchanged a look with him.
Yes, the dragon was a real sap now that he had mated and became a father. Vidar grinned.
Life was good. Very, very good.
A Special Request

If you have read and enjoyed my books, please take the time to review them on whichever site you bought them. This encourages others to try the same stories that entertained you.

I really appreciate your support and couldn’t do this without you! A hearty and sincere thank you. If you’d like to be in the “know,” please visit my website to join my newsletter.
www.drgradybooks.com

About the Author

D.R. Grady is the author of over twenty clean romance novels. She lives with her husband near Hershey, PA and adores chocolate, laughing, collecting bags, books, and shoes. Oh, and writing clean stories that resonate with others.

Please visit her website for more information.
http://www.drgradybooks.com

Other Works by D.R. Grady

The Morrison Family Series:

The Nerd and the Marine — A self-proclaimed nerd takes in a deployed Marine’s dog.
The Corpsman and the Nerd — He has her son and her dog, but he wants her heart.
The Nerd and the SEAL — A Navy SEAL and doctor have both met their career goals. Can they now meet their romantic ones?
The Nerd’s Pocket Pets — A pediatrician is attracted to his new physician assistant but he’s confused as to why her lab coat pockets wriggle.
Shadows and Spice — A legendary secret operative comes home to protect his family. She becomes a threat to his heart.
Macy’s Parade — Her dream of becoming a veterinarian is hindered by him and his four kids.
Bad Nerd Rising — She’s a nerd in nerd’s clothing, easily identifiable, so why is a prince attracted to her?
Bad Nerd Falling — Can this nerd manage to hold on to her super-soldier?
Nerds on Fire — A lonely nurse practitioner and a neurosurgeon join forces to discover who is harassing her.
Nerds Unite — How does a woman juggle a new job, a new bff, and an old stalker?
The Trouble with Nerds — They’re circling each other, trying to meet in the middle until a new threat sends them in a different direction.
The Nerd Who Spied Me — They’re confident in their secret operative abilities, but maybe not so much in their relationship goals.

The Dragon Chronicles:

The Dragon Chronicles: Learning — What if the maiden is the dragon? Lindy is about to find out with the unwelcome help of the most exasperating man on earth.
The Dragon Chronicles: Shifting — Hugh doesn’t mind that Keely can’t shift, but his pack sure does. Can this healer meet the challenge to claim her mate?
The Dragon Chronicles: Healing — Healers Ewain and Marissa play at getting along. Then the enemy targets Marissa and suddenly they don’t have time to make war on each other.

The Me Series:

Treasure Me — A biology teacher goes undercover to find her sister’s murderer.
Save Me — He keeps her safe from an ex-boyfriend who wants to kill her.
Trust Me — With a pending divorce neither wants and a stalker, they soon realize they’re not playing a game, they are the game.
Heal Me — Discovering the identity of a serial rapist doesn’t allow them much time to fall in love.
Love Me — A nerd falls for a mini Amazon.

Free Short Stories:
Math Nerds and Mechanics
Tall Golf

Please visit my website for more information on these stories.
http://www.drgradybooks.com


Coming Soon

Seeking: Maiden Queen

Chapter 1

Hanging onto a galloping horse while ensconced within the confines of a full gown proved challenging. Attempting to do so while bound hand and foot proved harder still. Especially in light of her poor horsewoman skills.
Stefana, Princess of Montequirst, had never proved herself in this department. Much to her own chagrin and that of her family, all of whom were superior horse people, she had failed to shine on horseback.
Her heart gyrated with each pounding hoof-beat of the stallion carrying her far away from her own country. Sweat pooled at the base of her spine. And if honest, everywhere.
The nervous, sticky variety that now coated her body in an unbecoming way.
Her new bodyguard had been appointed to her because the new queen and king suspected Stefana was in danger. Her bodyguard’s duty was to prevent this sort of thing from happening. His sole purpose—to keep her safe.
Yet here she was, trying desperately to be left behind, but it appeared her captors had bound her to the saddle. Of course they had.
She couldn’t even scream, since they had also gagged her. Bound on her side, on a galloping horse, wasn’t how she had envisioned spending the rest of this evening.
The only glimmer of hope in the entire situation was that her absence during this evening’s mandatory ball, given by the parents of a friend whose wedding loomed, would rouse people’s attention. The bride intended on soon marrying the man of Stefana’s dreams. No one other than her best friend Raene was aware of Stefana’s feelings toward the intended groom, including the groom.
In hindsight, Stefana probably shouldn’t have stalled in getting dressed this evening.
Being carried off by someone she had yet to identify did not rank as better than presenting a false smile at tonight’s ball. She entertained a few suspicions as to her captor’s identity, but these did not ease her discomfort or anxiety.
The horses were of the fast, capable variety. Someone had evidently planned out her abduction to maximum efficiency. The horse she “rode” appeared to know the way back to the stable and intended to reach it as soon as possible.
Another unexpected jolt jarred her entire left side.
The smelly blindfold twisted and now dug into her left eye. The tossing to and fro from the cantering animal, paired with her inability to see and speak caused enough horrors. Being tossed hither and thither made her grit her teeth but still caused an acute case of nausea. Stefana counted herself lucky that she had not eaten this eve.
Otherwise, her stomach abruptly dispelling its contents likely would have killed her. Provided the ride itself didn’t. Her left shoulder jammed continuously into the not-made-for-laying-on-ones-side saddle horn. The bruising along her left hip would be colorful, and she prayed it soon turned numb, as her hands had long since done.
Not to mention her feet, as her ankles were also bound, and attached to her bound wrists. At least one bloody gash oozed on her upper chest where a tree branch had scraped her. Her voluminous skirts provided no cushioning because her captors had left them hanging any which way, so she also periodically endured blasts of cold air.
After what felt like hours of the teeth-rattling gait, the scent of decay and neglect grew stronger the longer they hurtled from Montequirst. It slapped her gag reflex. Clearly not the fresh, clean air she was used to at home.
So they must have passed from her home territory.
The horse beneath her had to be well trained and used to long travel, because his pace didn’t abate. From the way he ran, it seemed he understood the need to pace himself, because the stallion’s gait remained steady and sure.
With this realization, her stomach muscles cramped. Or the stomach squelches might have to do with her awkward position. At least they could have sat her astride. Despite the court dress she still wore.
They had not bothered to wrap a cloak around her, and as the nervous sweat cooled, shivers chattered her teeth. All too soon though, the blasts of cold air grew increasingly furious. She thankfully had lost feeling in her limbs, and especially her left side, where the saddle horn seemed intent on piercing her.
What were the stages of hypothermia again?
Stefana winced as the horse carrying her tripped. It jammed her already sore shoulder and hip against the rounded part of the saddle. And probably increased the size of her bruise. Since she had passed the point of feeling, it merely clenched her teeth, but didn’t hurt too much. She’d rue the pain later.
Stefana longed to cry out at the indecency of her situation.
While she hadn’t been the acting princess very long, she already hated the position. Not the work, but the politics.
She had willingly taken on the princess undertakings at the behest of her best friend and the new queen, Raene of Montequirst, once her best friend’s mother abruptly took ill and died. Stefana had spent enough time with Raene and their late queen to accomplish all necessary monarch responsibilities.
Now she seriously considered resigning.
This is why Vidar and Raene insisted she be plagued with a bodyguard, but he hadn’t done her an ounce of good in this instance.
Her rooms should have been secure. The powerful safeguards in place should have ensured this, so that led her to believe someone had given safe passage to her abductors. The very thought of a traitor in their midst made her stomach muscles seize.
If she ever got out of this situation, she might fire her Aasguard warrior bodyguard. Only this wasn’t his fault, and she knew it, deep down. He had taken drastic measures to secure her bedchamber and suite of rooms immediately upon accepting this post.
How had someone circumvented those safeguards? Lajos’ measures should have hindered anyone not permitted within her private domain. The unsavory men waiting for her, in her own bedchamber, ranked among that number.
Another jolt to her hip created a wave of pain so intense it blinded her. Nausea roiled in response to the agony in her hip. Squeezing her eyes shut, she rode out the pain, stifling the urge to vomit, because that was unladylike, but also because the gag would make it quite impossible, if not lethal.
She swallowed, but stomach acid clawed up her throat. A terrible sound emerged from her traitorous throat as more of the bile surged upward. Shuddering, Stefana fought harder, but still she retched.
Someone yelled and the gag was yanked from her mouth as she vomited. Spasms racked her as she struggled not to sob. More pain ratcheted from her entire trembling body, and that shouldn’t be.
The agony became so intense she finally welcomed the blackness that claimed her.
