
Sensual Anger
By J.L Hamilton

Published by: Jamie L Hamilton at Smashwords

Sensual Anger
Copyright 2012 by Jamie L Hamilton

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
*****

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

This book contains mature content language, violence, as well as sexual situations. It is intended for adult readers. 18+ years.



Acknowledgements
I want to thank my children for being patient with me whenever I was in a ‘writing coma’ and they could not get my attention. A huge thank you to Erika, my best friend, collaborator, and my level head when I needed one, without you, well let’s just say you are excellent at what you do.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Prologue

School will no longer be the same once Liam leaves. Yes she knows that he never talked to her but Scarlet still day dreamed about him every day in English when she would be able to watch him through the window when he was in gym class. Admiring the way he played basketball and joked with the other boys. Lost in her thoughts she never hears the teacher call her name.
"Miss. Jones, Miss. Jones, will you get your head out of the clouds and back on your essay."
Blushing Scarlet quickly looks back at her blank paper. Figuring it is easier to write her best friend Wyatt a note instead of doing her essay that is what Scarlet does.
Finally the school day is over Scarlet heads home to hang out with Wyatt, knowing that Liam will already be there with her brother Gavin. Whenever Liam is at her house the hallway always smells like him, and that is something she loves. Just as she runs up the stairs, Scarlet is hit with Liam's smell and stops short to take it all in. 
"Scar, what are you doing?" Wyatt says as he walks up the last of the stairs.
"Just waiting for you."
"No you weren't. You were smiling because the hallway smells like my brother." 
"And what if I was?" Scarlet said blushing.
"Nothing, just wish you would tell him how you feel. You know that we will be graduating in a few days and you will never get another chance."
"I know Wyatt, but he would date me, I am younger, fat, ugly and not his type. So I would prefer to keep my feelings to myself."
"Scarlet, listen to me, you are not any of those. You know you are beautiful, yes you are younger but that's just a number. As for his type he does not even know .what's his own type is because he follows the 'standards' that everybody else has set for high school."
"Wy, you are just telling me this because you are my best friend. It's a crush I would just like to keep to myself. I figured that once he left for college, and then I was to go off to college, I could move on with my life."
"If that's what you really want, but promise me this."
"Anything for you Wyatt," Scarlet said.
"When you turn thirty, and if we are both single, or in a bad marriage, that we will, if married get divorced and marry each other so that we can at least say we married our best friend. I don't want to be alone my whole life, and you have your heart set on someone who can't think for himself."
"It's a promise." Scarlet said smiling, with a hug and a promise that she knows will be fulfilled since Wyatt is right about being in love with Liam, and marrying him will never happen.

Liam knows that he has feelings for Scarlet and feels like a jerk for ignoring her all these years because of the standards. So tonight the night of graduation he is going to make up for it. Heading to Scarlet's house with an engagement ring tucked deep in his pocket, he thinks back to all the times he seen Scarlet or heard her laugh because of his twin brother, Wyatt, his stomach would do this flip thing. He realized that he was in love with her the moment he started high school.
He figured that all through eighth grade he crushed on her since he always thought about her, but did everything he could to ignore her. But now, he is going off to college and cannot seem to stomach the fact that he will never see Scarlet again. Deciding the best thing to do is ask Scarlet to marry him so that he knows that she will always belong to him. When he gets there he is stopped by her mother with a questioning look on her face.
"Liam please don't do this to her. I know that you are in love with her but don't ask her. I know that she will say yes in a heartbeat and I want her to live her life to the fullest before settling down."
"But Mrs. Jones with all due respect, I know that I am in love with her, I have known it since I left middle school and could no longer sneak glances at her in the hallways. And then when she started high school I got my glances back but I continued to be shallow. I do not want to lose her, she is all I think about, dream about and want to be about."
"You have my permission to ask her but only under one circumstance." Debating about what she is saying and listening carefully.
"That you let her finish her life here in high school, let her go to college and live her life. If it is really meant to be and your paths cross again then you can ask her and I will pay for the entire wedding and you won't even have to wait longer than a month to marry her. Can you do at least that for her Liam? If you love her the way you stay that you do then it should not be a problem at all. Let her have her life and you have yours."
"But ma'am what if she doesn't come back to me and I lose her forever?" "I don't think that is possible and she will kill me for telling you. She will not date any other guy because of you. She is truly in love with you and I know for a fact that if you let her live her life now and have her fun she will one day down the road be married to you. What you two share is rare and very fortunate to find it. I can tell by the way you look at her whenever she is near that she lights up your life as you do hers, but you guys are still so young."
"I will do as you ask, but just listen to me, when our paths cross again I am going to ask her and will not take no for an answer."
"Ok Liam, but you better get going so that you are not late, we will be there right next to your mom and dad." "Thank you ma'am."
"Not telling you again boy it is momma dukes to you." Pulling his keys out of his pocket he feels the ring tucked deep within and whispers to himself, "One day Scarlet Jones you will be Scarlet Williams my wife, I promise you that." Heading out the door to his car he rushes over to the high school and gets ready for his graduation.

*****

Finally making it to college, and having her dorm room to herself for the first year was the best thing ever. As her second year started she got her first roommate, Evelyn Torres. Wondering what kind of girl she could be and praying that she is not some over stickup diva, or a fall down drunk party girl. Little to her surprise, Evelyn is a Puerto Rican, quiet, shy, keeps to herself, that likes a lot of the same things that she does. They become instant friends when they learn that they grew up in the same neighborhood, and the same high school.
Having a best friend in college made life easier for Scarlet, besides the few guys she tried to date to get her mind off of Liam. All they wanted was sex and nothing else. Scarlet would break up with them and soon she was known around college as the blue ball special.
Finally college is over for Scarlet and she is heading home to buy her dream, she has worked all through college to save enough money to at least put a down payment on the local bookstore that was for sale. She knows the owner, and has been talking to her for the past six months about having all the money for it. Now she just has to pack all her things, then she and Evelyn will be on their way to pick out an apartment for them both. Evelyn still has one more year of college to finish then she will be moving back to Miami with Scarlet. 

Liam has heard the Scarlet is moving back to Miami and on the other side of town away from him and Gavin. "Now it's time to see if fate will run its course in my direction. I'm not gonna go look for her, I will wait for her to look for me. Especially now that I know she was in love with me back in high school." Grinning to himself, Liam continues to take his shower and push Scarlet out of his mind.

It has been a few months and Scarlet has got her store opened and she is the full owner. The previous owner surprised her when she told Scarlet that her down payment was enough for her to own the store out right. That the rest of the money owed was null and void, to consider it a gift for all her loyal years of being a customer. More than excited, Scarlet is not paying attention when she slams into a solid mass of muscle. Looking up to apologize, Scarlet is at a loss for words.
"Excuse me ma'am, I didn't mean to trample over you like that."
"No excuse me, I am sorry, I was not paying any attention to where I was going."
"Well how about I take you out to dinner and then we can discuss who's t fault."
Scarlet blushes, "How about a name first, so I know what to call you." Extending her and to him, "I'm Scarlet." Taking her hand in his, he places a gentle kiss across her knuckles. "I'm Eric, nice to run into you, I just moved in yesterday. So what o you say about dinner?"
"I would love to go out to dinner. And I was wondering who moved into B3."
"How about 7pm, I will pick you up, then take you wherever you would like to go."
Blushing again, Scarlet finally pulls her and out of his, thinking about the way his touch made her feel. It wasn't nowhere near what she feels when she thinks of Liam, but it was something. "Sounds great, see you later Eric."

When Eric shows up to get Scarlet, she is more nervous than when she first met Liam. Grabbing her purse they headed out to dinner. Dinner went so well that it has now been four months and Scarlet believes that she is ready to go to the next step with Eric.
The night that she decided it was it, her whole life changed. Talking to Wyatt on the phone when Eric comes in, he is drunk and pissed off. Knowing that something is wrong, she hangs up the phone with Wyatt and goes to Eric.
"Are you okay? I have never seen you drunk before."
"Who the hell are you my mother? Leave me the fuck alone." Pushing Scarlet backwards, she falls against the wall and slides to the floor. Picking herself back up, she walks over to Eric and puts her hand gently on his arm. Eric turns around and back hands Scarlet, busting her lip wide open. Grabbing her face, Scarlet can feel the tears building up in her eyes. "Get out Eric and never come back. I will not let any man hit me like that."
"Like I said bitch, who the hell do you think you are?" Grabbing his keys he stumbles out her front door and what she believes out of her life.
A few more months have passed and Evelyn has finally finished college and has been living with Scarlet. However Eric has not let her go that easy. Every time he sees her, he tries to talk but she walks past him. This only pisses him off. And every time he hits hers, Scarlet has gone to the police and has even called her brother who is a detective. But no one will help her.
Evelyn is going on a mini vacation with her mom and Scarlet has not heard anything from Eric in a few weeks. So letting her defenses down, she is cuddled up on the couch talking to Wyatt on the phone, waiting for the Chinese delivery man to bring her something to eat, when there is finally a knock on her front door, she grabs her purse and quickly opens it, Scarlet is met with a harsh backhand. Trying to slam the door shut, Eric stops her before she has the chance. Screaming at the top of her lungs praying that Wyatt can hear her, she is pinned to the wall, falling into total darkness. Not sure if she is alive or dead, she can feel a coolness wrapping around her skin, but the feel of warm blood running down the side of her face.
Just as Eric was about to drop his pants, the police barge into the closed bedroom door. There is Scarlet laying naked and spread eagle on her bed, hands and feet tied to the post on her bed. Wyatt has never seen anything like it and tries to get to her but police won't let him near her.
Waking up in the hospital, Scarlet doesn't remember how she got here, the last thing she sees is Eric's face starring her in the eyes with nothing but death written across his face. Looking to the left she sees Wyatt, sitting in a chair asleep and looks to be uncomfortable. To her other side is her mother, Rose, who is just weeping, and wiping the tears away. Out in the hall holding Evelyn in a close embrace. Trying to say something but the only thing to come out is dry air. Rose looks up and smiles at Scarlet, grabbing the small pink cup from the bed side table she hands her a glass of water.



Chapter 1
"Welcome to Once Upon a Bookstore, is there anything I can hel…." Scarlet stops her words in mid sentence when she looks up and sees that it is Liam. Her heart flutters and she wonders if he can hear it. She decides not to say a word not trusting her voice. "I was just out for a run and found myself here. Like my mind was telling me where to go."
Scarlet's heart races like it is in the Daytona 500 trying to take first place. Inside her mind her thoughts are going a thousand miles per minute to keep up with her heart. "He smiled at me. I can't believe it he is standing here in front of me. Wait a minute I don't think he realizes who I am. If he did I think he would have said something to me."
That last thought pissed her off. "Is there anything I can help you with today sir?" Scarlet says to see if he did recognize her. But he doesn’t and she knew it the moment he says; "I am looking for any kind of book, think I may need to explore reading more if I can see you again."
"What the hell? Did he think that he was the greatest thing to walk this earth?" She whispered to herself. "God yes he is!"
To her he was, but she was not going to tell him that. Hearing what she said Liam smiles again at her noticing her reaction. "So would you like to go out to lunch or read me a story sometime?"
Rolling her eyes and trying hard not to laugh at him, instead she nicely replies to him. "Well sir, we have all kinds of books. To start with and I think this is one you will enjoy reading and maybe learn a few things from is Pick up Lines for Dummies I think that one will suit you perfectly." Shocked at her statement but thoroughly amused he smiles which speeds up her heart once again. Scarlet held her own keeping her smile tight and firm. "Wow, aren’t we filled with sarcasm this morning?" Liam said to her.
Scarlet lets into a quick thought, "All I want him to do is take me into his arms and kiss me until I melt into a puddle on the floor in front of him or at least stop smiling at me the way he is." Looking at her with confused amusement Liam then asks, "Are you ok and who do you want to kiss you until you melt?" Scarlet blushes knowing she was thinking about him and that she was talking out loud once again.
He grins at her and Scarlet's face turns beat red. "Excuse me? Who said that I wanted to kiss someone?" Laughing at her and feeling a warm tingling deep in his stomach, something he has not felt since his middle school days. "You just did and are you going to show me this book you were talking about so that next time I can use a pick up line that you might fall for and let me take you out to dinner."
That was it, she knew he does not recognize her and decides to turn him down. Maybe he was not all that she thought that he was. "I'm sorry but I am busy any night that you want to take me out, and yes I already know in advance that I am busy. Oh and sir the dummy sections of books are to the right of you." And with that she walks away from him. Liam now left standing there with his ego wounded he turns slowly and walks out the front door.
*****
Scarlet cannot believe that Liam was just in her store. How could this happen? How could he walk in here like he owns the place and hit on her. However Scarlet is still smiling that he did hit on her and wants to take her out. She begins to daydream about Liam, something she has not let herself do in a long time.
Completely tuned out from the world around her, she does not notice her best friend standing there staring at her. She continues to talk to herself. "I wonder if he is serious about taking me out once he realizes who I am. I know that he works with my brother but  we have avoided each oth....."
"Earth to Scarlet, Hello Scar, Are you in there?" as Evelyn interrupts her verbal train of thought, Scarlet just smiles at her.
"Hey are you alright there? You seem to be a little spaced out on me." Evelyn said while Scarlet just looked at her. "Yea, why what did I look like?"
"Well for beginners you were having your thoughts outside your head again. So tell me Scar, who is this Liam why have I not met him before. He sounds very dreamy!"
Scarlet's face turns red from embarrassment and does a quick subject change. "Hey Evee what's our plans for the night, I was thinking about a movie and some dinner at The Cuban Place, you in?"
Evelyn stands there for a few minutes before she answers. "Sure why not, sounds good to me, see you at home when you close up. I need to go and shower I am covered in who knows what from the kids! And by the way nice quick subject change, you know I am a sucker for a movie and some Cuban food." They both just laugh as Evelyn walks out the door.
Scarlet who is now thinking of what kind of fool she just made of herself and how to explain Liam to her best friend without sounding like a hopeless stalker? She decides to lock up and head home to get ready to go out for the night. Looking at a clock seeing that it is only 5:45pm Scarlet needs to stop at the produce shop on her way home. She pulls out her phone and sends Evelyn a text
‘Do you want me to get you anything from the produce shop?’
Waiting for a reply she walks around the store grabbing things here and there. Her phone goes off and she reads the text
‘Yea some grapes and about 20 bananas’
All Scarlet could do was laugh and wonder why her best friend needs 20 bananas.
This store is one of Scarlet’s favorite places to buy her fruit and vegetables. She has been coming here since she was a kid and the owners have become like second parents to her. While getting everything that she needs she accidentally bumps into an older gentleman. There was something about the way that he was looking at her that made a voice yells in her head,
 "RUN THAT MAN IS TROUBLE"
But she ignores it and apologizes for bumping into him. All he did is just stared at her, so she gives him a wary smile and backs away, pays for everything and leaves without looking back. What she fails to notice is a guy following her.
*****
Gavin and Liam are sitting on a stake out when Gavin's cell phone rings. Not looking to see who it is he just picks it up in a rush. "Jones speaking, make this quick I am in the middle of something here." Caught off guard by the voice on the other end, it is his sister. She never calls unless something is wrong or there is some family event that they must attend. Gavin loves his family, no mistaking that, but he has always wanted to be a detective and now that he has made it that's all he does. Finally coming back to earth and remembering his sister is on the phone. "What can I do for you Scar?"
Hesitating at first, she finally tells him what happened. "Yea and do you need an accident report or something?" Gavin asks with a laugh. "No stupid, when I said I was sorry he just stared at me like I was some steak and he wanted to eat me. Really freaked me out, and I was wondering if maybe you could stop by later and I can tell you what he looks like and hope that you will keep an eye out for him since we live so close?"
And what she means by close is he lives only 6 blocks north of her, and he never just drives by her house to check in. "Look little sis, I love you dearly and you know that, but you are just being paranoid. Your ex is in jail for what he did to you and not every man out there is out to get you. Hell you probably just startled him when you ran him over. I told mom not to let you get your license!"
And with that he chuckles at his last comment and Scarlet rudely interrupts him, "You ass, if it is not dead bodies or drug dealers you think it's none of your damn concern. Well if something happens to me because you don't want to help me then it's on you and make sure you tell mom that I called and asked for help. Yes I may be paranoid, but that donkey ass about beat me to death before I could get your help. So excuse me for trying to keep myself alive!"
Feeling guilty now for what he said, he tries to reason with her, but before he could say a word she hung up on him. After that he pushes it aside and tells himself not to worry about it. That she is just over reacting.
A few minutes have passed and Liam finally decides to ask. "Who was that, you seem pretty pissed right now?" Gavin sits there for a moment. "Just my sister, she is over reacting about a way a guy was looking at her at the store. Sometimes I just don’t understand her."
Liam just nods his head and lets his thoughts drift to Scarlet; he has not seen her in years, well not that he came remember. Still not realizing that the woman he hit on before was Scarlet. Remembering the close friendship his brother has with the woman he has been in love with makes him fume with a jealousy he himself could not explain. "But hell, look at Wyatt now, living it up in south beach with his ocean front property."
That last thought made Liam hiss through hiss clenched teeth catching Gavin's attention. "What is your problem? Now you look like someone pissed in your sweet tea." Liam just sat there before he answered knowing he must have been looking like a fool. "My brother," Gavin just laughs. "Is that jealously I hear coming from the all mighty Lord Liam?"
"No, it’s just all he does is play with computers and he gets to live on south beach with his fancy condo and own house staff to clean up after him, while we are out here risking our lives and we share a two bedroom house in the ghetto. Had to follow my best friend to the academy and becomes a cop."
Liam said sarcastically annoyed. "Wow, feel better or do you need to go on Dr. Phil?" Gavin said smartly. Liam just glared at him for that last comment."No, you ass I don't need no Dr. Whatever his fucking name is." After that the two of them just in sat in silence for the rest of the night.
*****
Finally around 6:30 pm the girls are ready to go out for the night. They leave the house and Scarlet made sure everything was locked up tight. "So I see you got a little bit of OCD going on here, something I should know?" Evelyn says noticing everything that Scarlet is doing. 
"You’re going think I am crazy and paranoid just like my brother does. But when I was at the produce store I bumped into this man, he just kept staring at me and would not say a word when I apologized for hitting him. It really freaked me out, the voice in my head told me to run that something wasn't right about that man."
Scarlet just stood there and watches as her friend’s face who looks utterly confused. "I was following you until you mentioned the voices in your head that makes me think that you are crazy just a wee bit."
Holding her hands as far apart as she can to show how crazy she thinks Scarlet is. "Since I have known you, you have been cool, down to earth and stable, but now you’re just not the same. You are always scared, looking over your shoulder, and most importantly you think the worse of every human that was deemed man by god. Listen to me, you know that of all people I am not the one who should be giving anyone dating advice, but you need to let go and stop thinking that every man is going to hurt you."
Agreeing with Evelyn, they both walk to the car and go to The Cuban Place to get some dinner. While there they chit chat about Evelyn's class and what books Scarlet sold that day. Finally, the waiter comes over and they order their dinner.
"I will have the Cuban sandwich and a glass of sweet tea please," the waiter turns and looks at Evelyn, "and for you?"
Evelyn looks at the menu before deciding. "May I please get the arroz con pollo and a glass of water," The waiter then nods and walks away. "Oh my, oh my, did you see the butt on that one?" Scarlet says to Evelyn who turns red with embarrassment but nods yes. "Evee why don't you ask for his number he was checking you out, see how he barley looked at me, that's all you mami."
Evelyn blushes. "Now you and I both know that I will never ever in my life go after a man willingly, sorry honey, but I don't have the balls that you seem to have hidden!"
"Excuse me missy, and what balls are you talking about? I do believe that for the last 26 years of my life I have been living it as a female. So nope no balls on this lady." Scarlet shoots off with a devilish grin plastered across her face.
Before they knew it their food was being brought to them, and the waiter smiled at Evelyn and told only her in his attempt at a sexy seducing voice. "If you need anything just ask, my name is Ramon." Evelyn blushes once again and Scarlet kicks her foot under the table to make her answer but all she could seem to do is smile and look down at her plate.
About 45 minutes later they are done eating and they head to the movies. It's a theater that plays all the new movies but on Friday nights they reserve two screens to show a classic and that is what they decide to watch. Wrapped up in her night with her best friend, Scarlet once again fails to notice a man mixed in with the crowd following her and Evelyn.
Once the movie was over, Scarlet and Evelyn head out with the crowd and walk to their car. Before getting into the car Scarlet has that gut feeling again to run. She looks around and does not see the man that is hidden in the shadows no more than twenty feet from her and Evelyn. They get in and go home for the night. Late nights in Miami is not the girls’ kind of scene and did everything to avoid it.
Once home, Scarlet saw that she missed a call on her cell phone. When she looks she seems to be surprised at who called her.
"I seen that you called Wyatt what's up?"
"I was wondering what you were up to, it's been awhile since we have hung out?"
"Oh, well I just got home from the movies with Evelyn, going to watch some TV maybe read and then go to bed."
"Then maybe another time then." Wyatt said with sadness to his voice.
"How about you stop by my bookstore sometime, I am just about always there," Scarlet said to him.
"It's ok, don't worry about it Scar, just needed someone to talk to. Chloe and I got into another fight that's all."
Before Scarlet could say another word, Wyatt hung up. Scarlet contemplated on calling him back or just storm over to his house and having a few perfectly chosen words with Chloe, she decides that it’s in her best interest to just go to bed. She will call him tomorrow and talk to him about it. Finding Evelyn sitting on the couch with her laptop, they watch some reality TV and eat some ice cream and talk about the men on the shows.
*****
It is approaching midnight and Liam is starting to get restless and he has to use the bathroom. So quietly he gets out of the car since Gavin is "napping" and finds a bush to relieve himself on. While standing there he thinks of when he was younger and how Scarlet use to always stare at him whenever he was over, he knew that she liked him but was always scared to do anything about it. But he also knew that he would never do anything with her for two main reasons.
One she is Gavin's little sister. Second and to him most important at that time, she did not fit into his mold of the girls that he liked to date. He prefers tall, slim, tender, athletic women and curves where they matter the most for a teenage hormone driven boy. Especially since he was 6'2" and a solid 225lbs in high school and not much has changed.
Besides now he is well chiseled, and the definition of perfection for a man. Tall dark and handsome. His eyes the color of rich chocolate with hints of amber flakes when he smiles. His smile is one that can even melt the coldest of hearts with just one glance. Arms so thick and muscular that all you can think about is being held tight in them while he kisses you senseless with his perfect kissable lips.
However, with every man there is the downfall of Liam being all about work and college sports and not much else. He has an extremely hard time holding down a steady relationship longer than a month or two. He believes that he let the one get away back in high school when her mother suggested he wait to ask her to marry him so that they both could at least live a life before spending forever together. Agreeing with her he let it go and never once said how he felt.
While standing there his mind drifts to the gorgeous redhead that he met earlier today at that book store. Feeling a sense of familiarity when she spoke he is not sure who she could be. He would definitely remember someone like her.
Out of the corner of his eye he catches their target leaving his apartment building and take off on foot. Liam quickly realizes that he is hanging out he gets himself together and goes to wake up Gavin. When he is spotted again, Gavin notices the man just hanging around in front of a bookstore, looking into the windows, pulling on the door and then writing down the phone number.
While he watches the guy there, Liam calls it in, "This is Detective Williams, our target has left his apartment and is now at Once Upon a Bookstore. He is a white male, approximately 5 feet 10 inches, late thirties early forties, medium brown hair, wearing a green jacket, dirty blue jeans, and a black baseball cap. I am sending a picture of him for verification."
"Detectives, his identity is confirmed. That is Jason Parker you are cleared to bring him in."
"10-4 dispatch, ETA about 12:45am." Both of the men get out of the car very quietly and approach Jason. Calling his name he turns looks at them and decides he is going to run. "Why must they always run, don't they know they can't outrun a black man?" Liam says with a laugh.
Before Jason had a chance to get anywhere Liam was right behind him and tackled him to the ground. "Thank god I played football in high school and college otherwise I would not have been able to tackle him like that." Gavin just laughed. "Damn man; don’t let your head blow up with that ego of yours!"
Gavin was looking around to make sure that no one was going to start any trouble when he realizes that he is standing in front of his sister's bookstore. They get Jason into the car without incident, and begin to bombard him with a million and one questions. Jason only simply states, "I ain't talking to no cops without my lawyer." Out of curiosity Gavin asks, "Why were you looking into the bookstore and then wrote down the phone number?"
"I like to read" Jason snaps off. Gavin just snarls at him and asks again. "Because I wanted to call them tomorrow and see if they have a book I am very interested in." Jason says with a laugh.
Back at the police station they put him in interview room two. He just sits there and looks around for awhile thinking about his next move and why he was picked up. Figuring a way out of here before word spreads that he has been arrested. "Get comfy, you’re going to be awhile." Liam says.
Sitting in the hard cold chair Jason sits there only doing one thing now, thinking about the woman that ran into him at the produce store. He fantasizes about her vibrant green eyes staring at him running his fingers through her thick curly red hair, kissing her full lips day in and day out for the rest of his life. He was picturing her unclothed lying on his bed while he did whatever he wanted to her, listening to her moan with pleasure. His thoughts got himself all worked up. But he loves the thought of her turning him on.
He swore that he was going to have her one way or another and no man would ever get to touch her again and he vowed to kill any man that did. If she rejects him then he will forcibly take her and make that sexy red head his. With a sneer to his voice he said out loud, "That little redhead will be mine."
Lost in his perverted thoughts he never notices Detective Williams come back into the room. Who just stood there and watched him for a few minutes before finally saying, "Are you gonna tell us who you are working for? If you help us we might be able to make some kind of deal and let you go tonight. So what do you say?" Jason just laughs.
"I am not telling you a damn thing and there is nothing you can do to make me." Liam is sitting there for a few moments and just stares at Jason. Thinking about how he can play this so that he comes out on top to get what he wants. An idea pops into his head having no clue on what he is about to do.
"How about if you help me, I will release you tonight, no booking, no finger printing nothing. Think of it as more like a witness statement, you can go after your red head that you were day dreaming about when I came in here. What do you say?"
"Well since you put it like that what do you want to know? And can we make it quick; I need to find my red head before another man does."
"First things first who are you running drugs for?" Liam asks.
Hesitating for a while deciding if he should help out or not. He will be snitching on one of the biggest Cuban drug dealers in Miami and Jason knows what happens to people who talk. But then the woman he has been fantasizing about pops into his head and turns him on once again. With those thoughts he decides to tell Liam everything. "They are called Los Angelos de Cubanos, or to most the Cuban Angels. They run cocaine from Cuba, and make a drop every Tuesday and Friday nights. Drop times are never the same, but always between the hours of 1am and 4am, never before and never ever after.
"So am I going to get some kind of protection or something? These Cubans don't play games. People disappear for a lot less."
"Now that depends on how much you share with us and how long you are willing to help us out." Liam says while eyeing Jason up.
After a few minutes Jason starts telling everything he knows about the drugs, and some information that the police had no clue about. After several hours, Jason is finally released and they now have more details about the Cuban Angels they ever dreamt of.


Chapter 2

With the weekend behind her, Scarlet still can't get that weird guy out of her mind. She knows that there is something off about him but can't really figure it out. She tells herself not to worry what are the odds of running into him again? Getting ready to leave for work she grabs her purse and her cell phone then leaves. Locking the house she decides to drive since it looked like rain. She only lives a few blocks from her bookstore, when she gets there she sees a note stuck to the front door. Before Scarlet grabs it she looks around to see if anyone is watching her, no one is so she reads it.
I saw you that night and can't get you out of my head. I want to take you out to lunch today if you don't mind. If you agree shake your head yes if not then I will continue until you say yes.
Freaked out looking around again Scarlet knows that someone is watching her but she cannot figure out who it is. Scarlet did not shake her head, instead pulls out her phone and calls Wyatt,
"Hey you what you doing for lunch, wanna grab a bite with me?"
"Sure why not" Wyatt said.
"Where would you like to go?"
"Hmm, I am not sure."
In a small whisper she tells Wyatt that someone is watching her and left a note on the door of her store. He was shocked and asked if she wanted him to pick her up and Scarlet agreed. 
"Well ok baby, I love you and see you when you get here for lunch"
Scarlet is looking around as she hangs up the phone hoping that whoever is watching her will think she is with someone and leave her alone.
She opened her store and only a few minutes later the store phone rang. "Once Upon a Bookstore, this is Scarlet how may I help you?" Silence at first, then she could hear heavy breathing. She repeats herself with fear in her voice.
"Once Upon a Bookstore, this is Scarlet how may I help you?"
"What a beautiful voice to go with a beautiful redhead. You get my note I left you, I thought I saw you pick it up, but you never answered, I really don't like to be ignored." The voice said.
"Yes I got it and no, I will not go out with you."
Scarlet said with extreme force to her voice. Figured if she didn't sound scared and weak then this man would leave her alone.
"Why because ya already have a boyfriend, that ain’t no problem, I am sure you can dump him. I can do much more than what he can do to ya."
Looking around out the window Scarlet still cannot see anyone that looks like they are talking on a phone.
"You don't scare me and my boyfriend is not just some man."
And she slams the phone. Completely freaked out Scarlet sends Evelyn a text telling her what just happened.
*****
Liam was at home watching ESPN, when Scarlet pops into his head again, but all he could see was how she was back in high school. Shaking the thought out of his head he decides to go for a run. Heading out, he runs and listens to his music, Scarlet continues intruding into his thoughts. Getting frustrated he runs harder and faster when the redhead from the bookstore finally pops into his head removing all thoughts of Scarlet.
Pissed at himself for screwing that up, he runs all the way home in less than 20 minutes. Liam decides to share his broken ego with Gavin, walking out to living room he starts telling him what happened yesterday.
Gavin stops him mid sentenced. "What book store did you go to?"
"I don't remember the name, wasn't really listening, the red head there was just too damn beautiful to notice anything else. I think it was Once Upon a something, " Liam said.
"Once Upon a Book Store," Gavin asked with a humorous look on his face, Liam shakes his head yes. Gavin busted out laughing so hard he fell off the couch and hit the coffee table.
Liam just stares at him. "No wonder why she was so rude to you. She didn't fall for the great Liam charm like every other female because your dumb ass didn't remember who she is. Now this is one for the record books since I know for a fact that she has been in love with you since middle school grade but you would never give her the time of day. Which I did appreciate since she is my sister you fool! "
Shaking his head, Liam cannot believe that was really Scarlet. "Are you telling me that is Scarlet?"
"Yes, you were at Scarlet's bookstore and didn’t even recognize her. That must have stung her deep. Think of that red hair and those bright green eyes. You’re telling me that nothing went off in your head when you first seen her?"
"Damn I had a sense that I seen them before, but hell man why didn't you tell me that she grew up like that? I have not seen her since high school graduation and she did not look like that." Liam said.
"Shit, good luck trying to get back on her good side. Once you cross over to her ‘bad’ list you never make it off."
"Give me some tips Gavin how do I fix this? I want to take her out. She has been intruding my thoughts for the past few days and I don't know why."
"I will only help you if you have good intentions with her. She has been hurt badly, and I am not gonna let you run your normal playboy game on her if you have no good motives for her." Gavin said with the most seriousness to his voice.
Liam promised that his motives were good. No games or one night stands. But Gavin still would not help him. Both men sitting there watching TV, Liam jumps out of his chair like it was on fire. "Holy shit, I think she is really I trouble"
"Who are you talking about?" Gavin said.
"Your sister jackass, remember that night we were on that stake out?"
"Yes and?"
"Where did we pick Jason up at?"
"In front of Scarlet's store, and?"
"Well when he was in the interview room he was talking about a redhead that he was gonna make his. I think he was talking about Scarlet."
"Without any proof there is nothing that we can do. And besides she has not called me about it anymore any ways, so she probably realized that she was over reacting"
"I hope so, but you didn't hear how that dog was talking about this redhead, sounded stalker creepy to me"
"We will keep an eye out. But do not bring it up to her don't want her freaking out on me and then getting momma dukes involved."
"Def don't want Momma Dukes involved. I may be 6’2 but I am most scared of momma dukes and not ashamed to admit it."
"I feel you there man. I am scared of my mom too. No badge will protect anyone from her." Laughing they decide to order some lunch and watch some baseball highlights from the night before.
*****
Scarlet watches as Wyatt pulls up to the curb across the street she sends him a text saying that she was coming outside and was going to kiss him and will explain everything in the car. Fearing that she is still being watched she, she locks up her store, and heads to Wyatt’s car. He gets out of the car to greet her and they kiss. Nothing major but will be believable to anyone watching. He walks her around to the other side of the car and opens the door for her. She gets in and for good measure he bends down and kisses her again.
To them it felt so strange. They are more like brother and sister, but prying eyes did not know that. Once in the car Scarlet showed Wyatt the letter and told him about the guy from the produce store, and then about the phone call. Looking concerned while he drove to the nearest cafe he finally breaks the silence. "Why haven't you called the police or at least Gavin and Liam? They can help you." Then Scarlet starts laughing. "You reminded me. Your brother, all mighty prince charming full blown cockiness in himself stopped by my store yesterday and asked me out."
"Really and what did you say and by the long list of names you just called him must not of been nice." Wyatt says.
"That fool did not recognize me, never once did it dawn on him who I was! Ain't that some shit? After he left all I could do was laugh." Wyatt looked stunned
"Really are you serious? Not once?" Scarlet laughs. "Nope not even once, but when that light bulb turns on I am going to play the hardest game of hard to get. I am not going to make it easy on him." Scarlet says still smiling.
Wyatt grabs Scarlet hand and squeezes it. "Ok on a serious note what are you going to do about this fruitcake?"
"From past experience Wyatt I know that I can’t do anything or call any cops until he does something serious. And all I have right now is a note that is harmless for the moment and a phone call that I can’t prove. So not much but keeping up with my surroundings and try my best to never go anywhere alone." Scarlet stated with fear in her voice. 
Wyatt watches Scarlet out the corner of his eye and can see that she is scared. "But you do work alone every day, what if he tries something at work? What are you going to do then?" Wyatt questioned her.
"Well if I didn't know any better I would think that you cared Wyatt. Almost like as if you got mad love for me."
"Stop playing you know that I have nothing but love for you and I will be damned if I am going to let another man hurt you emotionally or physically again if I have anything to do with it."
Making it to the cafe they put their conversation on hold for the moment. Eating a quick lunch and they headed back to Scarlet’s store. Wyatt drops her off and they kiss one last time. He says to her before she walks away
"If you need anything call me don't be scared. I am ways here for you. Oh and did you want to talk to Liam?" Scarlet shakes her head no, hugs him and walks to her store to find a black rose flattened in front of the door.
Just the same as before, shortly after she came into the store the phone rings,
"Once upon a book store, this is Scarlet, how may I help you?" She said with this knot in her stomach she just knew it was going to be that guy that it was earlier. And she was right.
"I watched as you left with your boyfriend as you called him. I didn't know you were dating that detective. But that ain’t gonna stop me all I want to is take you out."
Freaking out now because he knew of Liam, but that wasn't Liam she was with. But she isn't going to tell him that.
"I am going to have to decline your offer, thank you anyways. Hope you find someone else to take out."
Scarlet’s cell phone went off it was a text from a number she didn't know. So she just ignores it. Scarlet hangs up the store phone and went on about her day. When it was time to close she calls Evelyn and tells her what that weird guy had done. They stay on the phone until Scarlet makes it home. Once there, they fix dinner and watch some TV.
*****
Looking at his phone Liam is wondering why Scarlet has not responded to him yet. Getting frustrated he goes and jumps into the shower. While in there he gets to thinking about Scarlet, how she had grown, slimmed down, but her eyes were still as vibrant and bright green and her hair just as red as he can remember. And her beautiful smile her very beautiful smile that she showed for a brief second, he guesses that was until she realized who he was and he did not recognize her.
Feeling stupid about that he decided he was going to do everything that he can think of to make it up to her. He started by getting her number from Wyatt since Gavin would not give it to him, told him 
"It's up to you to get her number, I am not going to help you. You are the one who made an ass out of yourself in front of her, so you get to fix it."
Liam sent Scarlet a text asking her out to dinner sometime, but she never answered him. Standing there in the shower he realizes that he never said who the text was from. Just automatically thinking that she had his number, but why would she they never talk at all. Finishing up the shower he goes to his phone and sends her another text this time telling her who it was.
Scarlet's phone went off again so she got up to get it. "Unknown number again that's the second time" Scarlet said with a sigh. "Have you at least read what they said?" Evelyn asked grabbing the phone. She reads the first text out loud. 
‘Sorry for being an idiot before, how about dinner sometime?’
Then Evelyn reads the second one.
‘Hey about that earlier text I guess I should have told you who I was. Its Liam, I got your number from Wyatt. I was hoping that you would forgive me about before and let me take you out to dinner?’
Scarlet's face blushed when Evelyn said Liam’s name and that he wanted to go out to dinner, and felt relieved when the text was not from the weird guy. But she decided to play hard to get. "I am not going to go out with him just yet I am going to make him work for it. I mean hell I have been drooling over him for how many years now and nothing from him. Why should I make it so easy? He will have to do some major wooing before I even start to cave." Scarlet said with a big grin. Evelyn just sat there and listened to her friend and thinking of what she would do to have a man fawning over her like that wanting to take her to dinner.
Snapping back to reality, "Now don’t play to hard to get or to long he might just say whatever that you are not worth his time and walk away never to bother with you again." Evelyn says with sincerity to her voice. Pondering what Evelyn just said Scarlet sits there and thinks about everything. "Well how long is to long? He has not talked to me since never, besides whenever he came over to see Gavin I was apparently invisible." Scarlet stated.
"I do not want to give into him to easy. He needs to work for me and show me that he is truly interested in me. That I am not going to be one of his one night stands that him and my brother are well known for. Is that too much to ask?"
Evelyn rolls her eyes knowing that she is in a losing battle with Scarlet. "No it's not. He should work hard to be with you Scar. You’re not some tramp off the street. You are a woman with class, who needs a good man, not one that is going to take advantage of you and hurt you in the end."
"I don’t really think he would physically hurt my Evee, I mean he is a cop and all. But emotionally, I believe he will and I don't want to get hurt not by him anyways."
Sitting in silence for a few minutes before Scarlet finally speaks. "You know I think that I am going to just ignore him and not even try to get involved. I really don't want to ruin our "ignore" Scarlet relationship that we got going," making quotation marks with her fingers in the air as she says it.
"But Scar, what if he is serious and wants to be with you, not just a quick fling? You will never know unless you put on your big girl panties and put yourself out there."
"This coming from Miss. Shy herself, who won't even look at a waiter or say hi to him? Wow should I really be taking advice from you? "
"You know you’re probably right, you shouldn't, I can't remember the last time I had a date let alone a boyfriend" Evelyn says as they both laugh.
*****
Once again Liam is sitting here waiting for some kind of response from Scarlet, but nothing. So he heads to bed for the night. Lying in bed he lets his mind wonders to Scarlet. "Her exquisite smile, brilliant green eyes that sparkled when she seen him. How could I be so stupid not to realize who she is, she did change a lot since high school. But damn it was in an amazing way. How am I supposed to get her to forgive me, to go out on date with me? To start with I am going back to her work tomorrow and apologize to her, after that she has to forgive me."
Just then his phone went off, getting up he didn't even look at the number.
‘Hi you don't know me, but I am a close friend of Scarlet's. She has decided to play hard to get, so good luck with that. She knows how to hold a grudge.’
Lost and confused Liam responded to the text.
‘So who are you and why are you reading personal text for someone else?’
‘My name is Evelyn and I am Scarlet's best friend, and we always check each other’s text. I was just being nice and telling you what she plans on doing. Excuse me for trying to help you.’
‘Sorry just not use to other people getting involved in my personal business. And what are some ways she might forgive me?’
Waiting for what seemed like forever to Liam, Evelyn finally answered with only one word.
‘Trust’
Now feeling even more confused Liam text back,
What do you mean trust?
But no answer, so now Liam is thinking of a way to get Scarlet to forgive him but is coming up blank. Lying in his bed once again he lets his imagination wonder over Scarlet.


Chapter 3

Liam is running down the beach in the early morning right before the sun rises. He sees her sitting there in the sand and runs over to her. Smiling at her he bends down and gently brushes his lips over hers. With a slight moan she wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him down to her teasing his lips with her tongue. He lays his body on top of her and caresses her side while kissing down her jaw line, down her neck to just above her breast.
She is running her hands down his back and around his ass. Feeling the hardness of him pressing against her hip she tries to pull him closer to her. Resisting what she is doing. Liam rolls to his side and starts to slide his hand down the inside of her thigh and back up on the outside she can feel the warm sensation growing in between her...
Sitting up like someone just turned her "on" with a switch and left her there to suffer with what just happened Scarlet realized that it was only a dream. Now disappointed that it was only a dream Scarlet told herself that she was going to make him work to be with her. "If he has that kind of power over me in just a dream, then I can’t even fathom what he could do to me in person."
Just then she hears this noise just out her window. Scared to go look, she hides under her covers and tries to go back to sleep. Hearing it again she gets up and looks out her window and sees nothing. The wind is not blowing, there were no stray animals, just nothing. Convincing herself that she is going crazy she crawls back into bed and tries to get back to the dream she was in.
Jason has been sitting outside Scarlet’s window for the past few nights now. Watching her every move and thinking to himself, "You know for someone who has boyfriend, she sure does spend a lot of time alone." He continues to watch her sleep when he sees her sit up and look around for a minute.
Trying to get a better angel to see her, he climbs up a little higher in the tree and the branch snaps. He can tell that she heard him because she hides under her cover. Laughing at how he scared her he falls. Knowing that she heard him hit the ground he takes off behind a big bush. "Look at my beautiful redhead so late at night, looks as delicious and tempting as any other hour of the day." Watching her contently from where he is at, he falls asleep in the bush. What he didn’t know was last year, after Scarlet's ex boyfriend beat her and then stalked her, she laid poison ivy all around her house so if anyone decided that they wanted to peek at her or Evelyn, they would suffer greatly for it.
A few days have gone by and Scarlet has not heard anything from the creepy guy who kept calling her store and leaving her notes and flowers or from Liam. Thinking that she was just over reacting about both men she picks up a book and starts reading. Getting lost in her own world she does not hear the door open.
When it slams shut it scare her so much that she spills her drink all over her book. Getting mad, she looks up to greet who ever walked into the store, when she did, Scarlet is now more scared then she was just a minute ago. It was the guy from the produce store just standing there staring at her.
Very carefully Scarlet reaches for her cell phone to call Wyatt. Once she is sure that he has picked up his phone she starts talking to the man. "How may I help you today sir?" She said keeping her voice firm so that he could not hear the fear that was there. "Shit, look how tempting you are up close in person. You know I got to wonderin’ the other night about your boyfriend. For you to have one, ya spend a lot of time alone at home with your friend."
Jason says to her."Have you been outside my window at night? And following me around town?"
"That might be me, see I figure it like this, it’s kinda creepy of me to do it like that. So I came in to ask if you would like to go out to lunch some time?"
"As I said before, I already have a boyfriend, and I am not interested in dating you. Thank you once again for your offer."
Hearing this Wyatt sends his brother a text telling him that something is going on at Scarlet’s store and that he is too far away to get to her. Waiting for a reply Wyatt is getting restless so he text Gavin the same thing. Within seconds Gavin responds to him telling him that he is about two minutes away from her store. Still listening he hears nothing but silence and starts to get worried.
"Why make things so difficult? I’m only trying to take you out. What’s wrong with that?" Jason said to her after a long silence. "I already told you why I cannot go out with you. I have a boyfriend a very jealous boyfriend."
"What he don’t know won’t hurt him, don’t ya know that my sweet redhead?"
"Do not call me your sweet redhead. That I am not by any means."Scarlet said with as much force as she could.
"But you are and you ain’t not know it yet, but soon my sweet redhead you gonna be and you won’t have a choice in it."
"Like I said already I am not your sweet redhe…”
Just then the front door flew open with rage, and in walks Gavin. Relieved to see her brother, she looks at him and whispers help me. Nodding his head to her without notice to Jason he steps in between the two.
"Well well Liam, look at who we have here, if it ain’t our good friend Jason."
Hearing Liam’s name, Scarlet's heart races and her face turns red she did not see him walk in with her brother. Looking around for him she finally sees him and smiles at him, then kicks herself mentally,
"Smiling at him is not playing hard to get you stupid fool. But hey he did come to your rescue when you needed him the most. And again she smiles not paying any attention to what is happening in front of her.
"Hey ya Detective Jones and Detective Williams but this isain’t none of ya business. I’m trying to take this lovely lady out to l but she won’t go with me."
"I recommend that you leave her alone. She is off limits to you now and forever. And if I ever see or hear that you have been around her, her house or this store I will personally make sure that the Los Angelos de Cubanos never have to worry about you snitching on them again and don’t worry they will never be able to find you." Liam said with rage in his voice.
" I said before detective, this ain’t got nothin’ to do witcha, this is between me and her. I ain’t care that you dating her. Believe me I gonna get her from ya one way or another."
"What?" Liam said sounding confused. Gavin steps in taking control of the situation,
"Listen fucker, you leave her alone. If she does have a boyfriend it does not concern you. She does not want to go out with you take a hint and leave."
Liam now looking at Scarlet for some kind of answer of what in the hell he is talking about boyfriend and lunch. Scarlet trying hard not to look at Liam she finally does and sees the way that he is looking at her, she mouths Wyatt but Scarlet can see the hurt in his eyes. He smiles at her and nods his head.
"Fine if you say I have to leave her alone I will. I don’t like it, what makes her so special that I can’t have her? "Jason said angrily. 
That statement pissed Liam off more then he realized. Grabbing Jason by his throat and pinning him to the wall he threatens him again, but this time a plain out cold hearted threat.
"She’s mine, continue to try me and it won’t be pretty, I will kill you before you even know I am coming. Do we have an understanding?"
Scarlet watching the entire situation she can see the anger in his eyes, never before seeing something like that she becomes scared of him. Thinking to herself 
"Damn I never knew he had a temper like that. I am not ever going out with him. What if he has a bad day at work and then tries to take it out on me? Apparently he has some major anger issues he needs to work out."
Gavin seeing the look of fear in Scarlet's eyes grabs Liam and tells him that he is freaking her out and he can tell by the look on her face she is not going to have anything to with him if he keeps it up. Looking back at her, Liam can see it too.
Jason just about runs out of the store as soon as Liam loosens his grip but not before saying something under his breath that not one person heard. "That redheaded bitch will be mine just wait and see."
Scarlet runs to Gavin and hugs him afraid to let him go but not knowing how he knew to show up when he did. And just like a light bulb she remembersher phone. Running back to the counter she grabs it.
"Wyatt, you still there?"
"Yes, Scar I am. Is everything ok?"
"It is now. I was expecting you to show up, not our brothers. What happened?"
"I am too far away, I knew I would never make it there in time and I knew that they were just around the corner on a stakeout. So I text them both telling them you were in trouble."
"Oh, well thank you. And I didn’t know Liam had such anger problems. With me that is a deal breaker. I do not date or befriend anyone like that. I learned my lesson the hard way not that long ago."
"What do you mean anger problems, he is calmer then me most days. I have never seen him angry."
"Wy, I am telling you he has problems, he lost his mind in here with that guy once he told him that I had a boyfriend. He pinned the guy up against the wall and just bluntly threatened to kill him if he ever came near me."
"Damn, he did lose his mind, especially with being a cop. My guess is he was just protecting you. He gets like that over the people he lov..... Is close to him like family, you might not be his best friend or had many conversations with him, but you are like the sister to him I guess."
"You know damn well that I do not want to be his sister. But after watching his temper flare like that I don’t want to be anything with him."
Not listening to what she is saying and lost in his own thoughts he realizes what he was about to say to her and the own dawn of the conversation hits him, his brother is in love with Scarlet. Liam is a protector but only to the people he loves. Helps with keeping his feelings separate from his work and personal.
"Well Wyatt, they both are just looking at me like I am some strange trouble magnet. Guess I better go and talk to them and I have some cleaning up to do since your brother kind of destroyed my store with his bad temper."
"You take care and if you need me for anything, as you know I am just a phone call away and one way or another I will get you help."
With that they both hang up the phone. Scarlet now looking at Gavin, but scared to look at Liam for fear of his temper she finally breaks the silence. "Thank you both for helping me. I am very grateful that you were so close and got here when you did. But how do you guys know him? That is the guy that I ran into at the produce store last Friday."
"We have been staking him out for the past several nights. And then we finally caught him off guard standing in front of your store. But I did not think anything of it. Liam on the other hand came to the conclusion that it was you he was talking about when we had him in holding."
Looking back at Liam who looks like he is mentally beating himself up she walks over to him and gently touches his arm. When he responded with a jump she freaked out and backed up behind Gavin.
"I'm sorry Scarlet, didn’t mean to scare you. I am never that hot tempered. But something inside snapped when I found out that you were in trouble all I could think about was getting to you and keeping you safe. I never meant to blow up like that. Will you please forgive me?" Liam said with pain and sincerity to his voice.
"It’s ok, I understand. I do forgive you, but I do not mess with anyone who has a bad temper. Not after what happened to me last year.
Scarlet walked away and went into the back room. Gavin followed her to talk to her while Liam still mentally beat himself up for again screwing things up with Scarlet. "What was I thinking you damn idiot, I know of her past and what happened to her, but she don’t know that. How could I lose my temper so much around her now she is probably thinking that I am some kind of angry abusive fool?"
Within minutes Gavin comes from the back room and both men leave. Hesitant to say anything to her, Liam just smiles and waves goodbye. Scarlet waves back but does not smile. She can’t let him know that even after all that, his smile still makes her heart melt and her body tingle.
*****
Later that night, Liam and Gavin are sitting around eating Chinese food when there is a knock on the front door. Yelling for whoever it was to come in because they were both too lazy to get up. Wyatt walks into the kitchen to see both men sitting around with pissed off faces. "What’s wrong with you guys looks like you both got shit on by a hippo?" Both men at the same time said "Scarlet"
"Now what does Scarlet have to do with your expressions?"
"Not her personally but her, I lost my temper today in front of her which we all know I never do, and now I believe that I have lost every chance to be with her. Not knowing what it was that made me snap like that. When I heard that she had a boyfriend I was overwhelmed with jealousy and don’t know why." Liam said with a painful look on his face.
"Damn man, Scarlet called me last Friday and told me about this dude and I blew her off. Told her that she was just paranoid and not to worry about it. Now look, today that creep is standing in her store with no one around. What if something did happen to her? I would never have forgiven myself for that."
"Listen you two had no idea what was going on. We all know that she went through a rough year last year. You cannot blame yourself for that idiot’s loss of control when he is told no." Wyatt said to both of them.
"I know, but still. I did not have to lose it the way that I did. How am going to show her that is not me? She doesn’t want anything to do with me right now. Can you help me with that? No I don’t fucking think so!" Liam said with agitation.
"I can say this, the next time she tells me that she has a bad feeling about the way someone was looking at her I am going to believe her. I should have listened to her then."
"Listen Gavin, you cannot blame yourself for what happened today. She is ok, you both got to her in time nothing went wrong. So stop beating yourself up both of you."
"Hold up, question for you Wyatt. When did you start dating Scarlet? That crazy shit head told me that I was her boyfriend and being the detective that I am, I figured it was you. So you want to explain?"
"No not really, I have nothing to explain to you about what I do in my life. But since it is related to what happen today I will tell you." Wyatt said with a deep breath. "On Monday Scarlet called because there was a note stuck to the door at the store. It was from that guy. He was asking her out and told her that all she had to do was shake her head. Knowing that she was being watched we talked on the phone and made it seem like I was her boyfriend thinking that it was enough to get rid of that guy.
"Little did we know that only pissed him off some more. But I guess he thought that I was you and that's why he thought that you were the one dating Scarlet. She does not have a boyfriend that I know of and we are not together. I am still with Chloe. Understand now? " He said with a questioning expression.
"She tried to go to Gavin for help but he blew her off so she came to me instead. So there you have it, everything you need to know. And hear me when I say this, you go after Scarlet you better have the best intentions that you have ever had. I will not have you screwing her over like every other woman you have been with."
"I hear you loud and clear Wyatt. I don’t plan on hurting her in any way I don’t know what it is, but I feel so protective of her. She is always in my mind. I feel like I am going crazy without her being with me and we have not even gone out on a single date yet. Can you explain that one to me Wyatt or even Gavin?"
Liam said trying to keep his face looking confused knowing already why he is the way that he is.
"Umm, I think he’s got bad." Wyatt said.
"Damn man, do you think that he has really fallen in love with her that quick?"
"No Gavin, I think that he has always been in love with her but she never fit into his mold back in the days of school. He was shallow then, cared more about what other people thought of him then what he felt."
"And what makes you so sure of that?" Liam questioned.
"For starters, you dreamt about Scarlet a lot. You talk in your sleep. And every time you were going over Gavin’s you always stuck on some cologne. It’s the little things that matter most." Wyatt said laughing.
"I will have to agree with him on all that, before I didn’t notice just thought that was how you were. And yes you talk in your sleep and you still dream of Scarlet. I am asking that you stop having such intimate dreams about my sister. I really don’t like hearing it."
"Is that why you always have your music up so loud by morning? Am I really that loud of a talker?" Gavin shakes his head yes.
Now he has something to work on, knowing what all this emotional confusion was and why he felt it. Thinking back to middle and high school he can see why he loved her so much and why he never admitted it to anyone. She was smart, funny, shy and intelligent. But she was also short and chubby and like Wyatt said he cared more what people thought of him then how he felt.
Feeling like a major dickhead for how he treated her knowing that she was in love with him, he was going to do everything to make her fall in love with him again. For starters he was going to buy the cologne that he always wore only because he knew she loved it and that’s why he always put it on before he went over there.


Chapter 4

Evelyn is coming home from the store when she sees this man standing across the street from the house. She decides to ignore him but the way he was watching her was really freaking her out. So she hurried home and locked all the doors. Scarlet was not home yet from work and she did not want to freak her out knowing how easily that is done these days.
She calls her mom and talks to her so she did not feel alone and in case something does happen her mom was already aware of it, had a description of the guy and so forth. They talked about how teaching was going for Evelyn and how her moms dance class was? Her mother might be a bit on the older side with the numbers but she is far from old on the physical side.
"So mi angelita, any new men in your life that you want to share with your mom?"
Rolling her eyes, "Uh no, not really, you of all people know that I do not go out on dates. Men do not like my career choice and always think that I want a bunch of babies, which I do want some but only two when the time is right. However they never stick around long enough to find that out. So why waste the time?"
"But hija, you need to find you a good man, like daddy. He loved me ‘til the day he went to god. Never did I worry about a thing. He never lied, never cheated never did me wrong. And that’s all I want for you mi princesa, is that too much to want for you?"
"No momma, but to find a guy like daddy will be impossible. He was one of a kind and no one will ever compare to papi."
"I know my darling. But I don’t want to see you sad and lonely for the rest of your life. You have to find someone to love and someone to love you."
"I understand mami. When the time is right god will have him walk into my life. But only when the time is right, and I will know before it is too late. You know that I believe in love at first sight and one day my prince charming will come to me."
"Love the way you think mi hija. You are such a smart young woman. I love you my baby girl, just always know that."
"I love you to mami. Scarlet just walked through the door. So I will talk to you later. Lunch tomorrow our usual spot at the Cuban restaurant?"
"Of course mi vida, see you tomorrow. I love you."
"I love you too momma."
"I love you too Momma Torres" Yells Scarlet.
"Tell that girl to stop calling me momma Torres. It’s either momma, mami, or my favorite mi vida."
Laughing as she said good night to her mom she passes along the message to Scarlet."You know that I only do that because I know it drives her crazy?" "Yes Scar, I know. So how was your day?" "Oh damn, that’s right I have not talked to you since this morning before we both left for work. Hot damn I have a story to tell you Evelyn." Scarlet said with excitement and fear in her voice.
"After I got to work, it was slow today so I got into reading a really good book. Got so into it, I didn’t hear the front door open which I should of, well it was when slammed shut and scared the shit out of me I dumped my drink all over the book I was reading which pissed me off. When I looked up to greet the ass that slammed my door like that it was that creepy ass guy from the produce store who has been trying to take me out.
"I quickly dialed Wyatt's number and left the phone under the counter so that he couldn’t see me doing it. Wyatt text both my brother and his, they showed up within minutes which scared me even more because I was not expecting them there. They both went all out and scared the guy and threatened his life if he ever came around here, the store or me again! But I seen a side of Liam that I never knew existed and I didn’t like it." Scarlet said trying to catch her breath.
Listening to every word with a shocked look on her face, Evelyn cannot believe what she is hearing."Evee he has bad anger issues. The creep told him that he didn’t care that I had a boyfriend he was still going to be with me one way or another. Liam snapped, blew up he pinned the guy to the wall and messed up a lot of my store in doing so. Frightened me a lot and think I was considering being with him. What if he takes that anger out on me?"
"Wow Scarlet. Why didn’t you call me to tell me any of this? It is very nice to know when your best friend is being stalked by a psycho lunatic and rescued by her knight and shining armor with a bad attitude."
"Sorry guess you’re right, I should of called you at some point to tell you that huh? But what am I going to do about Liam? I still melt with his smile, heart races when he is near. I am just scared of his temper; I do not want to be in another abusive relationship."
"Scarlet do we need to have another one of Evelyn's Talks of Insight?"
"I guess so. Let’s begin."
"So where to begin? Oh yes Liam the dreamy man I have not met and want to oh so bad. You seen his temper once when he was protecting you right? Well what makes you think that he is abusive? Do you have any proof to back that up? No I don’t think so. So don’t judge him on one mistake. Give that man a chance. Your brother has a temper right?
"You told me that he use to be so mean to you when you guys where younger. Why do you still talk to him? Trust honey, that’s what you are missing the most. You can’t and won’t trust men. I understand why but do not punish Liam for an ex's mistake. You will be the only one missing out. Not Liam."
"I know, but how do I do something that is so easily said but not done? I cannot remember the last time I trusted a man that was not family. I know that I am still lusting after Liam, how do I know he will not hurt me?"
"That’s easy Scarlet, you give the man a chance to prove himself. And by the way you said he blew up when it was mentioned that you had a boyfriend, it caught him off guard and he didn’t like that."
"Exactly, he was jealous for no reason. Now imagine if we starting dating, I would not even be allowed to go out with you without a leash around my neck. I have been there and done that and I am not doing it again."
Closing her eyes before she speaks, Evelyn takes a deep breath."Scarlet that’s not what I am getting at. What I am trying to say and guess I need to put it in woman in rage form. He was pissed off because some man was trying to hurt you. He is in love with you but will not admit it. He was pissed because he thought that you had a boyfriend and would not be given the chance to take you out on a date. It had nothing to do with leashes, jealousy and or a controlling abuse. Now do you understand?"
"I think so. What makes you think that he is in love with me? He has never talked talked to me until the other day and then he didn’t even remember who I was."
"Trust me I just know."
Evelyn now gets up and goes to shower. While in the bathroom she feels like someone is watching her. Peeking out the window she can see a shadow in the poison ivy plants. Freaked out by what she sees, but all she can do is laugh. She knows that whoever it is going to be in a lot of misery within hours. Deciding to hang a dark sheet in front of the window knowing that already no one can see in as it is but she wanted that extra protection that the sheet provided so she could shower. After her shower she heads to the kitchen to start to cook dinner when the door bell rings. Going to answer it she looks out the peephole and did not see anyone there so she just walks away.
Evelyn walks back into the kitchen, "Need any help cooking Scar?"
"No, I am good you know I love to cook." Nodding, Evelyn notices Scarlet’s phone going off and answers it. It’s her brother Gavin checking in on her and seeing if she is ok. Evelyn tells him that she is in the middle of cooking if he wanted to call back or she could put him on speaker phone. He picked the speaker phone he really needed to talk to her.
"Hey sis, how are you holding up?"
"I am good, just making your favorite dinner spaghetti with meatballs and homemade garlic bread with a salad and some wine. Would you like to join us tonight it would be nice?"
"You know what I think that I am going to take you up on that offer since you know that I can’t cook anything but grilled cheese and hotdogs, maybe a steak on the grill."
"Sounds good see you in 30 minutes, it should be done by then."
"Ok, by ladies see you in a little bit."
"Bye Gavin." They said together.
"So I guess I need to put something else on?" Evelyn said looking down at herself where she was wearing bed shorts and a tight tank top. "Not unless you want to turn my brother on?"
"Umm no, I don’t think so. Don’t get me wrong, Gavin is damn hotter than a summer day in the desert. But he is to wild and not my type. I prefer commitment from a man. And I don’t think he is there yet."
"I will have to agree with you. Just put on pants, no shirt you put on is going to hide those boobs."
"Thanks there, what a way to make a girl feel self confident about her big boobs."
Both girls just laughed. Evelyn went to go change her pants and Scarlet was mixing the salad when she heard someone knocking on the front door again. Evelyn went to see who it was and no one was there. So she did not answer it. Telling Scarlet that it was the second time that someone knocked on the door and there was no one there. Scarlet getting freaked out, sends a text to Gavin asking him where he is at. Within seconds he responds. "He said that he is just around the corner, so we know it is not him at the door. I told him to text me when he was outside. Just don’t answer it until he gets here."
"Sounds good to me. Hey did I tell you that when I came home there was this weird guy standing outside the house on the other side of the street?"
"No you didn’t and why not? What did he look like?"
"I don’t know. Late thirties had on a baseball hat, so I couldn’t see much of his face." "Wish you would have told me sooner. But it is ok Gavin is on his way here. "
Just then her cell goes off it is Gavin he is right outside. Another knock on the door and Evelyn once again goes to check it and it is Gavin. She lets him in and within a few seconds there is another knock on the door, not knowing who it was she peeps out the whole. "Gavin did you bring a friend with you, a tall black man?"
"Yes I did, and you shut the door on him before he could come in"
Evelyn lets him in and closes and locks the door behind him. Just another precaution that the girls have. "Man, how you gonna go and shut the door on someone like that?" "I am sorry and you are?" Evelyn asked.
"You must be Evelyn the lovely lady that I talked to the other night. I am Liam the big bad wolf with the bad temper. I am sure you already heard. So any suggestions on what to do now? I know about her past and how she is. Please help."
"All I can say is show her that you are not an angry jealous abusive donkey ass that she believes you to be. The rest is up to you, I already stood up for you, but I can say this, she is going to be pissed when she sees you here since she didn’t invite you."
"I invited him Evelyn if that is ok with you." He did his charming heart melting smile at her. She melted of course. "Yea he can stay, but you be the one to tell Scarlet."
"You think I am scared of my baby sister?"
"No, I didn’t say that. You brought him here you tell her."
While the two of them argued, neither one of them notices as Liam walks into the kitchen. Standing there for a few minutes just watching Scarlet finish making dinner, Liam imagined coming home from work every night to this and that thought made him grin from ear to ear. Lost in his own thoughts he did not notice Scarlet standing in front of him with a knife in her hands.
"What are you doing here? I, nor Evelyn invited you" Liam putting his hands up in front of him in a defensive way, "Your brother invited me to join you all tonight since I had nowhere to go, and you of all people know that Gavin and I do almost everything together. Oh Scarlet do you mind if I stay and eat dinner with you and Evelyn? I promise to behave. Maybe afterwards we all can watch a movie together. I do however want to talk to you about what happened but that is for another time."
"That’s fine with me but stop staring at me like that. It’s creepy."
And she smiles a seductive smile at him hoping that he caught it. She decided at that moment that she was going to give him a chance. He was there to protect her today when she needed him the most, so why not go for it. The only thing that bothered her right now was the sheepish grin he had on his face like he was thinking very dirty thoughts about her while she in bending over into the oven to get the garlic bread. She shivers with the knowledge of him staring at her.
Not remembering that she is in really short shorts and a tight tank top not expecting any one to show up besides her brother. Scarlet's face fills with heat and her cheeks turn red when she looks down at herself and sees what she has on. With the way that Liam is looking at her she can tell that he is extremely happy with what she is wearing. And once again all she can do is smile at herself making sure that he could not see her. Debating if she should go and change or stay in what she has on. She decides to see his reaction when she says something and she will take it from there. "Well since dinner is done, I am going to change into a t-shirt and my sweats. Could you please set the table for me? Plates are there in that cabinet, forks are next to the sink and cups are up there."
Scarlet pointed to where everything was and started to walk out of the kitchen when he caught her arm. All she could feel was the spark that shot up her arm when he touched her. "No need to change because I am here. I love what you are wearing. Gives me the chance to enjoy looking at your beautiful body and wonder what it would feel like under my hands."
Looking deep into her eyes, Liam does not realize what he is doing when he pulls Scarlet closer to him. Sliding the back of his hand down her cheek he gently grabs her by her chin and leans down to kiss her when both Gavin and Evelyn walk into the kitchen. "Damn!" They both yelled together
Looking like a deer caught in the headlights, Scarlet quickly retreats, confused how she let him get to her like that. Giving herself a mental kick, "How did I just let that happen? Damn moron that’s not playing hard to get, that’s being easy." Walking away before she says something stupid and embarrasses herself even more she heads up to her room to get changed. Once there she hears a knock on the door. Evelyn comes in and just looks at her.
"What was I thinking letting him get that close to me? I was ready to give it up to him right there!" Scarlet said while trying to find her favorite sweat pants and shirt. "Tell me what happened that got you to that point before we interrupted."
"Well, I was being mean and asking him why he was here that we did not invite him. I forgot what I was wearing and he kept staring at me. So I decided that I was going to test him.
"Told him that I was going to change just to see how he reacted to it. When I was walking past him he grabbed my arm and told me not to. That he really loved what I had on and wanted to know what I would feel like under his hands. Then next thing I knew it we were about to kiss and that’s when you guys came in and saved me from pure stupidity with him. I can’t even trust myself with him alone."
Snatching the clothes from Scarlet, "First of all you’re not changing. If he likes that on you then you keep it on. And second mi vida, you were not going to do anything stupid. I wish the two of you could of seen what we saw when we walked into the kitchen. The electricity that came off you both was amazing. Would never have to pay another light bill again" Evelyn said with a smile.
"So it wasn’t just me? I could feel it the moment when he touched me. It was weird I have never felt anything like that before. But I am still going to make him work to be with me. I want to know that he does not have a major anger problem and I am not just going to be a challenge and once he has accomplished it he takes off. I want so much more with him."
"Then honey, go get him. But don’t be that easy again!"
"Why don’t you put your little shorts back on and see how it feels when they stare at you, it’s not nice, makes you feel like some kind of dessert."
"Well I can’t just go down there in shorts then they will think that I got changed for them."
"I can fix that, and why don’t you hook up with my brother for the night?"
"Umm, you know that it is not my style, so why start now?"
"Because sometimes it’s good to try something new, who knows it might be just what you need."
"Think he will be up for it? I am your best friend and all."
"Yes, without a doubt."
Heading back to the kitchen, they hear the guys talking and decide to listen in on the conversation. Hearing Liam talking, Scarlet’s heart skips a beat. How she would love to listen to him whisper in her ear at night while they made love. Blushing from that thought she starts to pay attention to what is being said. 
"Damn man, what were you thinking trying to kiss her so soon? I bet you scared her even more and she probably thinks that you only want to have sex with her now and nothing else."
"I know. I screwed up once again with her. I swear I am beginning to think that I am not meant to be with her. I have never stumbled so much around any woman." Hearing this Scarlet’s heart drops in her chest. Trying to continue to listen, she can’t help but think about running out there and kissing Liam. The guys are still sitting the table and have no idea that Scarlet and Evelyn are in the hallway listening to them talk like gossiping females. 
"Yea I know that much, but hey you never told me that her best friend was such a hottie, why don’t you go after that?"
"For starters she is Scarlet’s best friend and that is one of our main rules that we have. No having sex with best friends. Friends are ok, but not the best of the best. Too many emotions and then things go bad we watched it happen a lot. Now if Scarlet ever said that it was ok, then I would love to get that. Not just a wham bam kinda thing but not no relationship either. Just a casual sex fling whenever we needed it so that I don’t have to go hunting for it." Gavin said with a smile.
Not noticing the girls standing at the end of the hall way listening in. The guys continue with their conversations and when Gavin talks about wanting to get with her Evelyn grabs Scarlet’s arm digs her nails deep into her arm making Scarlet screech with pain. She closes her hands on her mouth before the guys hear her, but it was too late. They both looked up and seen the girls and they both smiled that heart melting smile that they have. "Sorry about that screech. But I tripped and almost fell." Scarlet said while looking back at Evelyn. "Oh don’t worry guys I caught her." They both just laughed and finished walking to the kitchen.
While getting everything set on the table, Scarlet accidently spills some wine on Evelyn's pants that she has on. "Shit Evelyn I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to spill that on you." "It’s ok guess I will go change."
A few minutes later, Evelyn yells from her room. "Have you seen my pink sweat pants? I can’t seem to find them." Holding a straight face Scarlet responds, "I think that they are in the washer. I did a load of laundry earlier but have not dried them."
"Oh, how many times have I told you to dry the clothes as soon as you are finished washing them?"
Still smiling Evelyn pretends to put the clothes in the dryer. Shortly after she comes and joins them at the table wearing a very short baby blue bed shorts. Knowing that is Gavin’s favorite color. Watching his face without staring at him he was just staring at her with his mouth open looking like a drooling fool.
They all ate dinner and had light conversations about a little of everything. Truly enjoying the evening Scarlet couldn’t help but keep looking at Liam who was watching her as well. It worked perfect to sit across from him instead of next to him. All of a sudden she feels someone playing with her foot, she looks at Liam to see if it was him but he was deep in conversation with Gavin so next she looks at Evelyn who just mouths sorry Scarlet starts to laugh and moves her feet.
"So Gavin you gonna help me clean up since you invited an extra guest?"
"If I have to I will Scar."
"You do, now for the two of you go and find a movie that we all can watch and no scary movies, I don’t like them."
"But those are the best I say that we watch one" Evelyn said winking at Scarlet. "Pick out whatever you want to watch. We will be done in a few minutes."
Leaving them to pick out a movie, Gavin and Scarlet started cleaning off the table and picking on one another something that they have not done since high school.
"So I saw how you were staring at Evelyn tonight."
"Uh yea, did you see the legs on her; damn I wish she was not your best friend. I would love to take care of her needs. Not a one night fling but a casual occurrence. But since she is off limits I can only have my fantasy about what I want to do with her.
"Ok that was too much info now what if she found a boyfriend would let her go without causing problems? I know how you can get a little possessive about certain things."
"Are you saying that I can explore my sexual desires with her? And of course you also know that I am not a serious relationship kind of person. Is she the clingy type if we have sex?"
"No, she is not and yes I am saying it is ok, she showed interest in you as a need to an end kinda thing and since we are all grown adults and not in high school there is a difference, she will know that your stupidity is all you and I have nothing to do with it. So our friendship is secure."
Gavin reached over and smacked Scarlet with the wet dish towel. "Now that’s just a mean thing to say to me, but thanks. Mind if I start tonight and you know that I am not going to want to wait and bring her to my house since we are already here?"
"Feel free you guys are grown adults, and just make sure that you use protection. I don’t want to be an Aunt yet and I know that mom is not ready to called grandma."
"Thanks sis, you know that I have been holding out for the past 8 months hoping that sooner or later you would let me." Finishing up the dishes they head to the living room and join Liam and Evelyn.


Chapter 5

Liam is sitting on the couch while Evelyn is on the loveseat when Scarlet and Gavin walk into the living room. Scarlet sits next to Evelyn just so that she can talk to her. Whispering quietly while Gavin starts the movie and plops down next to Liam she tells her that Gavin has been wanting to get with her for the past 8 months. Evelyn just smiles and grins at Scarlet.
As the movie starts they all stop talking within a few minutes Scarlet realizes that they put in The Unborn, one movie she hates to watch. "Hey Scarlet," Liam says which makes Scarlet jump out of her skin. "Can you show where the popcorn is since I am new to this house and have not made myself at home?" "Yea sure."
While in the kitchen Scarlet avoids eye contact with Liam knowing that looking into his dark brown eyes she will melt right back into his arms. However, she could not last that long when he finally spoke to her.
"So are you going to pretend that nothing happened between us before?" "Nothing happened besides you touching me without my permission."
"That’s not what I mean and I am sorry for that. I will not touch you again until you give me permission. I want you to know that I am a gentleman just like Wyatt. Our mother raised us the same way to respect women and their wishes. I know that you felt it between us."
"Felt what? I did not feel a thing besides your hand on my arm and then sliding down my cheek to my chin."
Scarlet shivers at the memory of Liam touching her. "The popcorn is done and I don’t want to miss any more of the movie so let’s go back into the living room." Liam said with disappointment to his voice. He could have sworn that she felt it too.
Walking back into the living room Gavin is now cuddled up with Evelyn who is hiding her face in his chest. "She was scared and I was the only one to protect her." Gavin said with a grin. Both Liam and Scarlet; shaking their heads the go the couch. Once there Scarlet sat at one end and Liam sat in the middle close to her but not too close to her that would make her uncomfortable.
Watching out the corner of his eye he sees that she is scared. "Are you scared Scarlet?"
"I told you guys that I did not like scary movies and yet you guys put one in."
"Come cuddle up with me so that you can hide?" He said with a teasing grin. Scarlet scooted closer to him and curled up by his side. Noticing how well she fit there she snuggled even closer pulling his arm tighter around her. Liam rested his head on top of hers taking in her smell. A light vanilla and rose scent soft and sweet.
Evelyn and Gavin are now making out on the couch and not quietly either. "Wanna go for a walk so those two can have some alone time?"
"Sure just let me get changed first I am not walking the streets like this."
Scarlet not wanting to move but wanting to know what Liam wants to talk to her about she gets up but doesn’t let go of his hand. Liam follows her to her room and then just stops short of the door and let go of her hand. "I will stay out here and wait for you if I go in there I may not be able to control myself with you. I may ravage you until you beg for me to stop."
"It’s ok, you said that you would not touch me again unless I want you too, and I have a bathroom in my room so you would not be watching any sneak peek of me."
"Are you sure? I don’t want to make you feel uncomfortable around me. I am trying to gain your trust not ruin it any more than I already have." Scarlet shakes her head yes and grabs Liam’s hand again.
Going through her closet she finds a pair of jeans and a worn shirt that she loves and then goes to the bathroom. Getting changed and fixing her hair and makeup she walks back out to Liam who is stretched out on her bed. "Ready?" Scarlet says. "Yup, guess so. Your bed is very comfy. I like it." As he winks at her.
Grabbing her phone and her keys, Scarlet lets Evelyn and Gavin know that her and Liam are leaving. As they walk out the front door Liam tries to put his arm around Scarlet who dodges him gracefully.
"So what is it that you wanted to talk to me about?"
Scarlet's phone goes off before Liam had a chance to answer. Checking she seen that it was a text from an unknown number. Opening it and reading what it says Scarlet stops short and looks around.
"What’s wrong?"
"Umm nothing, let’s just keep walking. And answer my question." Still paying close attention to her surroundings she listens to Liam as he talks. "I really do want you to understand that I do not have anger issues, not any more than a normal person anyways. But when I found out that you were in danger I was pissed. I was worried that I would not make it in time. And once I got there and seen who it was that got to me even more." Liam said while grabbing Scarlet’s hand. She looks down to see her fingers laced with his and how perfect her hand fits in his.
"He is wrapped up in some serious drug dealers and all it takes is just one time for them to even see him at your store and they will think you are dating. If he ever turned on them which he has you would be the first person that they go after. So yes I blew up and really lost my temper bad. But that really only happens when I care for a person."
"I don’t know if I can. How can I be sure that you won’t blow up on me after a bad day at work? I do not want to be in another bad relationship that is dangerous to my life or the people around me."
"I get that, I truly do. I see why you feel that way. Your brother told me about what happened to you and if I can gain your trust, I will always be here to protect you."
Smiling down at her he knows that he is doing the right thing. "I will have to think about it. In the mean time you will have to earn my trust and prove to me that you are not an angry jealous man. I saw how your eyes changed to rage when that guy said that I had a boyfriend. That is what really scared me today. Not you pinning him to the wall. I will not be with a jealous person. I do go out to lunch with Wyatt a lot and talk to him all the time. Can you handle that?" Scarlet said trying to hold her excitement in after he mentioned wanting to be her man.
"I think so." He winks at her and she smiles knowing that he is just joking. "He is my brother in all, nothing there to be jealous about. Can you always be truthful with me if you do go out to lunch or dinner with any other guy?"
"Now that I know I can do since I only go out to eat with Wyatt."
They walked for about two hours before they ended up at Liam's house. Hesitant about going in Scarlet just stands there looking at the front door. Liam notices and walks to the door to unlock it.
Scarlet’s phone goes off again. Pulling it out of her pocket she opens it and reads the text.
you don’t listen very good. I said I was watchin’ ya. Go home and go to bed now so I can watch my redhead sleep
Completely freaked out she drops her phone and Liam snaps his head around when he heard it hit the ground.
Picking it up Liam reads the text. He grabs Scarlet by the arm and pulls her inside. Going back out to look around he finds nothing unusual, he goes back inside and closes and locks the door. Sending Gavin a text telling him to stay there tonight because Jason has been watching the girls and is somewhere between the girls’ house and theirs. Gavin responds and told him no problem, that him and Evelyn is having a lot of fun.
Pulling Scarlet into his arms, "Would you mind staying here tonight? I know it’s not what you want to do right now. I would feel much better with you close by so that I know that you are ok?"
Pushing him away from not just because he is being overly protective but from the heat building between her thighs. "I am not scared of him and I am not going to let him make me hide every time that he comes around."
"Understand this, until he actually causes physical harm there is nothing that any cop can do. At least I can protect you if you stay here tonight with me. I just want to keep you safe Scarlet. I don’t want to lose you before we have a chance to see where this is going with us."
"Fine then." Scarlet said pissed off.
Going to Gavin's room she finds a pair of basketball shorts and one of his t-shirts and puts them on. Looking at the clock it’s 10:38pm, she knows it’s too early for to be trying to go to sleep especially with Liam in the next room. She goes to the living room to watch some TV and finds Liam sitting there in just a pair of shorts. Checking out his body, how well defined he is, made Scarlet’s heart races. She begins to think about running her hands over his body and kissing everywhere she can touch.
Shaking the thoughts out of her head she sits in the chair on the other side of the living room. Trying very hard not to look at him she catches him staring at her. Liam knows that where she is sitting she cannot see the TV at all. "Why don’t you come sit by me, I won’t bite and I will keep my hands to myself. I know you can’t see the TV."
Getting up she goes and sits by him and he is watching the sports highlights from that day. Which is something that she could really careless about. Knowing deep in her heart she would take any reason to be next to him and not let him know. "Is there anything else that we can watch, I am not really into sports."
"Umm, you’re not into sports? That is a major deal breaker for me. So sorry, I am going to bed. See you in the morning."
Liam started to get up Scarlet without thinking grabs his hand and pulls him back down to sit by her. However he fell on top of her and their lips just barely inches from one another. Scarlet stretches up to kiss him just as he pulls away. Knowing what is the right thing to do Liam falls over to the side and just sits there in silence.
Scarlet just looks at him, thinking to herself, "Maybe I should of moved faster. Then maybe it is better that we didn’t kiss. Don’t think that I would of stopped myself." Liam touches her leg and it pulls her back to reality. "Are you ok Scarlet you looked lost?"
"I am fine was just thinking. We can watch sports even though I am not the biggest fan."
"I was just kidding. What would you like to watch Scarlet?"
"What kind of movies are on, it’s still early?" Flipping through the channels they come across Saw 2 and agree to watch it only because they did not finish the scary movie from before. Knowing that it was going to scare her Scarlet went to get up to go get Gavin's blanket when Liam grabs her arm. "Where are you heading, that scared already?"
"No, you ass, I was going to get Gavin's blanket so that I can cuddle up with it."
"I will go and get mine, if that is ok with you. I keep mine clean, not too sure of when he washed his last."
"That’s fine. A blanket is a blanket all the same to me."
Going to get the blanket, Liam adds a little extra of his cologne to it. Bringing it back to the couch he hands it to Scarlet. Within five minutes of watching the movie she was hiding in his chest and under the blanket. Laughing at her she pinches him and he jumps. "Now who is the abusive one? Do I need to be scared of you hurting me?"
"No, and I am not abusive, just getting even for you laughing at me."    
Settling back in to the shape of his body, they continue to watch the movie. She watches it in between her hands and his chest. What she really enjoyed was the smell. He had on her favorite cologne that he use to wear all the time in high school and she knew that he bought it just for her.
Jason is sitting outside Liam's house just waiting for Scarlet to leave so that he can corner her. After several hours he leaves, knowing that she is not going home. This thought pisses him off so bad that he walks to her store. Standing out front angry that she will not give him the time of day just for one night. He picks up a rock and throws it through the window shattering it. Walking away before anyone sees him standing there. He laughs at what he did. "Maybe now, she will take me serious. I’m tired of playin games with her. I want her and she will be mine."
Not paying attention he did not notice the black SUV pull up behind him. "Hey where have you been? You have not been on the corner and the people there are getting restless."
"I have been busy, got more important things to do. My life don’t revolve around your drug dealing." That was the wrong thing to say before Jason could register what was happening he was knocked out and thrown into the back of the SUV.
*****
Wyatt is lying in his bed and decides to send Scarlet a text just to check on her. Worried when she did not respond he calls her. This time she answered. "What’s up?"
"Just checking on you, what you up to?"
"Not too much just watching Saw 2 with Liam."
"Oh, sorry to interrupt, when did you two get together?"
"We are not together. I just couldn’t go home and he wanted me to stay here so that he can make sure that nothing happened and Gavin is at my house."
"Gotcha so lunch tomorrow?"
"You know that is a yes. How about some Cuban? Don’t think I can eat at any more of your fancy cafes."
"That’s fine and they are not fancy. Just a cafe on the rich side of town, I like to eat healthy that’s all."
"Ok talk to you tomorrow."
"Bye Scar, have a good night"
Hanging up the phone she snuggled back into Liam’s arms. Squeezing her tighter he is fighting the urge to ask her who she was talking to. Scarlet sensing Liam's tension she decides to tell him who it was and what her plans are. Showing him that being honest and truthful is very easily done.
"That was your brother. We are going to lunch tomorrow."
"Oh, hope you guys have fun. Where are you going to eat?"
"To my favorite place The Cuban Place right around the corner."
"That is your favorite place? Mine too. I love to eat the Cuban sandwich no one makes it like them."
"Look at that we seem to have something in common."
Scarlet said smiling and snuggling closer to Liam she falls asleep in his arms and Liam carefully picks her up and carries her to Gavin's bed and leaves his blanket with her. Wanting to crawl next to her he just bends down and kisses her on her forehead and walks away.
Getting into his bed he dreams of being with her and everything he needs to do to get her to fall back in love with him like she was in high school. Little does he know she already does she just doesn’t trust him.
*****
The next morning Evelyn awoke with a stir forgetting about the fact that Gavin stayed the night. She gets up and heads to the kitchen in nothing but her robe. Gavin who is an early riser was already in the kitchen making coffee and some breakfast. In her own little world thinking about the incredible sex that she had the night before with Gavin, it hit a little too late that he stayed the night there.
"Good morning to you there." Gavin said scaring Evelyn. "Oh my, I forgot that you were here. Sorry let me go get some clothes on."
"You really going to get dressed after what we did last night? No need, you can stay in that. We might have done some crazy things but I am still a decent man and will respect you."
"That’s mighty nice of you. I see that you made some coffee already. I will have a cup and then I have to get ready for work. If you leave before I am done, talk to you later."
She drinks her coffee and heads to the shower. She was right he left while she was in there. Smiling to herself and feeling a ton of relief, Evelyn finished getting ready for work and left Scarlet a note telling her that she was going to cook dinner when she got home so not to worry about it. Heading off to work, she just can’t help but smile.
Gavin is walking home and can’t help but think about last night. "Damn I didn’t know she was a freak like that. I just hope that she does not become clingy that will ruin everything. But I def want to get with her again." When he makes it home he goes inside not noticing Scarlet in his bed he gets clean clothes and heads to the shower. Before he knows it someone is walking in on him.
"Hey I am in here, have some manners man."
"Umm, I am not Liam, try Scarlet." "Oh shit I forgot that you were even here."
"That’s ok I am use to getting up in my own bed, not yours."
"You slept in my bed? I figured you would have been cuddled up with Liam since you are so in love with him." Gavin said teasing her. "That is none of your business what I do in my personal time."
"Apparently it ain’t much that you do. Why are you being so difficult with him?"
"And again none of your business." Scarlet said with annoyance in her tone. "Now that’s just not nice. You’re gonna miss out if you keep this up."
Scarlet shaking her head she walks out of the bathroom. Hearing no response Gavin looks out just as he hears the front door close. Finishing his shower and getting ready for work he heads out for the day.
Once at the police department he settles in to start doing paperwork when Liam walks in. "Your sister left this morning before telling me, I didn’t like that but since I am trying to prove to her that I am not controlling I did not call her."
"Well it’s about time you have a smart moment with as many dumb ones that you have had around her."
"Thanks man for the boost of confidence from you!" Laughing and walking away Liam is fighting the urge to call Scarlet. Gavin sends Evelyn a text to see how and what she is doing. She quickly responds and tells him that she is just watching the kids paint. "The Captain wants to see us. Don’t sound good to me." Gavin said with a smirk. 
Both men walked to the Captain's office to see what they have done now. That is the only time when someone is summoned there. "Guys, please come in and sit down I need to talk to you both about something. Please close the door." Both men looked at each other confused.
"Captain, what’s going on?" Gavin asked. "Seems like your boy Jason has been missing since last night. He was seen walking in front of a book store that he threw a rock through the window and then was knocked out and put into the back of the SUV. The problem here is that the little show that the two of you put on yesterday at that same bookstore seems to come to my attention.
"There have been witnesses saying that they saw the two of you threatening him at the same bookstore he went missing from. And I did a little searching I see that it belongs to your sister and that the SUV that took him had no tags on it but is a known Cuban Angels vehicle. Who is going to start talking first?" Liam and Gavin look at each other before Gavin starts talking.


Chapter 6

"Hold up, what you are saying is that we are being accused by the public for kidnapping a known drug dealer? And what do you mean he threw a rock through the store window? He has been stalking my sister for the past week. Keeps calling her and standing outside her work."
"So you’re telling me that you guys threatened him at her store because he was stalking her, but had nothing to do with his disappearance?"
"Yes sir that is exactly what we are telling you." Liam said. "What were we suppose to do? You remember what happened to her last year? We are trying to prevent it from happening again to her. All we were doing was scaring the man." Liam said. "Sir with all due respect, why are we in here besides being blamed for something that we did not do?"
"Because Detective Williams, you two have just lost your only informant in the Cuban Angels case and get to figure out what to do next. That’s why you are in here and oh yea, next time you want to threaten someone make sure you do it in a more private place and close all the damn doors. Dismissed boys, and good luck on finding Jason."
Together both Liam and Gavin walk out of the office when Gavin is told that his sister in on line one at his desk. "Yes sis I already know and I already know who did it.” "What am I suppose to do about my broken window?"
"Liam and I will be right there to look at it and take a report. Just wait there for us and do not do any kind of cleaning up."
"Fine just hurry up, you know that I am a busy store and this is far from inviting."
Hanging up the phone, Liam and Gavin both grab their badges and guns and head over to her store to look over the damages that have been done. Deciding together that they are not going to tell Scarlet that Jason is missing they want her to be watching her surroundings at all times.
*****
Scarlet just stands there and stares at the mess that is now her store. Wondering why every guy that she talks to is nothing but trouble. Why can’t she ever have a normal guy in her life a man that will love her for her and take care of her instead of being abusive and creepy? Why must they all always stalk her and want to cause her harm. What has she ever done wrong? She was never mean, never lied never cheated on anyone.
She has even crushed on the same guy since middle school. So why does she get the bad pick of the litter? Deciding that she was going to at least clean up the back room since there is not much else she can do. Scarlet unlocks the front door so that when Gavin and Liam come they can just walk in.
Not hearing the front door bell ring when a customer walks in. "Hello anyone here today, Scarlet are you here?" 
I am sorry about that Mrs. Johnson. How can I help you today? Anything special that you are looking for?"
"My dear what happen to your front window? And I am looking for a hot steamy romance novel. My only way out of reality on my lonely nights since my husband passed away."
"Just someone playing games late last night. The cops are on their way to take a report and look over the damage. The books you are looking are against the left wall unless you want something a little different." "Oh my, well I hope it’s nothing to serious. Maybe just some kids playing around and accidently hit it with rock." "Maybe, I will have it all cleaned up and hopefully a new window before Monday." "Ok my dear I will let you know when I am finished and ready to check out." "That will be fine. Happy hunting Mrs. Johnson."
Trying to find some boards to put over the broken window and something to put all the shattered glass in she begins cleaning the back room. She steps out back to see if there is anything there that she can use. Once out there Scarlet stops to admire the beautiful June day. It’s hot but the sky is as clear blue as the ocean after a storm. There are only a few clouds in the sky and the ones that are there are as white and puffy as cotton balls.
Standing there for a several minutes she did not hear Liam calling her name. Finally turning around she sees him and all she can do is smile at him. Smiling back at her he forgets that there are pressing matters that needs to be taken care of.
All he could think of was holding her in his arms the way he did when they watched TV last night. To him that felt right and he would love to have every night like that for the rest of his life. After a few seconds Scarlet walks past Liam to get back inside brushing against his shoulder. Liam smelling the air can smell the vanilla rose scent from Scarlet sending shivers down his spine he turned and followed her into inside.
"So I see that there is a ton of glass everywhere. What kind of rock did he throw to make this big of a mess?"
"Liam, I have a customer in the store and told her that it must of been kids who did this. I don’t want to scare my customers off with the knowledge of someone stalking me." "That’s not a problem, I understand."
"I found the rock and it is more like a boulder than a rock." Gavin said.
Just then Mrs. Johnson came from the other side of the store and stopped short when she seen the guys standing there. "Well my, my officers, do you need to frisk me or something? I promise I haven’t done anything wrong but you still can." Everyone in the store started laughing and Scarlet made introductions.
"Detectives, this is Mrs. Johnson, she is very blunt and honest ever since her husband passed away. Mrs. Johnson this is Detective Gavin Jones and Detective Liam Williams. Detective Jones there is my brother and that man there is his best friend."
"Honey I think that you should snatched him up before I do. I have always been a sucker for the tall dark chocolaty ones." Winking at Liam and giving him a seducing smile. "Why thank you ma'am. I think that you have now embarrassed me for the rest of the day."
Turning to look at Scarlet who is hiding her smile behind her hand and trying very hard not to laugh at what is going on. "Ok my dear like I said you snatch him up or I will. I am ready to buy my book and head home to read it."
"That will be $5.35 and you do know that you can bring back the books that you have already read and get store credit?"
"I know dear, but I just love them all so much that I read them over and over. Now if I had a man like Detective Williams there to keep me company then I would return all my books because I would be too preoccupied with him." Smiling again at Liam. "Have a good day Mrs. Johnson and enjoy your book."
Finally she left the store and everyone started laughing so hard. Scarlet is never going to let Liam live this one down for as long as she can remember it. "So tall dark chocolaty one what are we going to do to help Scarlet with this window, I don’t really want to leave it like this tonight?" Gavin asks. "We can run to the hardware store to at least get her some wood and cover it up but it will have to wait ‘til we are off work, we have a shithead to find."
"You guys don't have to do all that, I can do it myself. I am not a helpless little girl." "We know that, but we want to help, right Gavin?"
"Yes sis, you know that I am not going to leave your store looking like this. You have put in so much of your time and money into this. I know that this is one of your biggest dreams that you ever had. And I am not going to let him ruin everything that you have worked for."
"If you guys say so, but I am not leaving that board up until Monday. I will have a window put in tomorrow."
"We can do that as well, I know some people that can have it done first thing in the morning." Liam said to her with a smile.
Once they left, Scarlet started cleaning up the mess that was in the store. Getting lost into thought about Liam she slices her hand wide open on a piece of glass that she carelessly picked up. Holding in a yelp she quickly got up and went to wash her hand off feeling faint she leans against the wall.
That is the last thing that she remembered before waking up in the hospital. Evelyn is sitting next to her by the bed reading a book. "What happen to me, why am I here?"
"I found you in the store covered in blood. You cut your hand very bad and lost a lot of blood very quickly which then you passed out. I called, you didn’t answer so I went to the store and glad that I did. I am not sure how long you were laying there bleeding but glad that I got there when I did. The doctor said that when you wake up he will check on you and you should be good to go after that."
"Damn, I thought that I only cut my hand a little. I remember walking to the bathroom to wash my hands off and then I was here."
"It’s ok, you are all better, just need to be more careful next time. When I first saw you I thought that someone broke in and beat you up."
"Nope just my own stupidity. Someone busted my window last night and I was cleaning it up when I cut myself."
Just then the doctor comes in and checks Scarlet over one more time. "You are anemic which explains the quick blood loss. When you are anemic your blood is thinner and has a harder time clotting. So you need to increase your iron intake by eating more green vegetables. Drink plenty of water, get plenty of rest. Stay away from any stressful situations. However most importantly do not do anything to exhaust yourself. And Scarlet next time you decide to play with broken glass I suggest you wear thick gloves."
"Thank you doctor and I will make sure to do everything that I am suppose to."
Scarlet goes to get dressed when she realizes that her clothes are missing, and she had nothing to put on. "Umm Evee, where are my clothes?"
"Oh yea, umm they had to umm cut them off of you. You had blood all over your clothes when I brought you in that they weren’t sure where you were hurt."
"How am I going to get home half naked?"
"I can ask the doctor is he has a pair of scrubs you can wear."
"That would be nice of you since I have no clothes."
Evelyn darts out the door and finds the doctor, coming back after what felt like forever to Scarlet with a pair of scrubs. Putting them on, they are really big on her. Evelyn is laughing at her as she comes out of the bathroom in them, Scarlet grabs her bag of cut up clothes and they both head out to the car. Making it home Scarlet remembers that she had a lunch date with Wyatt. Going to call him she cannot find her cell phone.
"Hey Evee where is my cell phone and purse?"
"I knew I forgot something, they are back at the store, was not at the top of my list when I found you. I will go get them be back in about 30 minutes." Looking at the clock, it’s almost noon and she remembers that she is suppose to meet her mom for lunch.
"Hey Scarlet will you be ok once I bring back you cell and purse? I am meeting my mom for lunch and Fridays are the only day that we get to meet up and I don’t want to miss out on her lectures about not having a man by now. When is she going to realize that I am only 24 not 54 and I have plenty of time to find a good man."
Scarlet just smiles at Evelyn who was mumbling the last line to herself. "Yea I will be ok, can you bring me something back to eat I am starving. Some chicken and rice will be good."
"No problem, anything else like a salad or something green? And you better stay in bed and rest. Wouldn’t be so bad in you didn’t pass out from blood loss, see you in a few."
"No salad I will fix one for dinner and be careful." Evelyn leaves and Scarlet is lying on the couch falling in and out of sleep. Until she is finally deep in a dream she never wants to wake up from.
Walking the beach hand in hand with the man of her dreams, Liam is just as beautiful with the sun shining down on him as he is any other time. "Baby girl why don’t we find somewhere to sit and watch the sun set?" "Anywhere with you is perfect." Scarlet said smiling up at him. Wrapping his arms around her and kissing her deeply the way that she has always wanted to be kiss by him. Pulling her down to the sand Liam lays on top of her caressing her body with his free hand. Gently moving down her body, lifting up her shirt and leaving kisses all over her stomach. Wrapping her legs around his he starts to unbutton her shorts....
Evelyn comes home and wakes Scarlet up. Tosses her the phone and purse and left just as quickly as she came said if she needed anything to just call her. And that she is still in the hospital scrubs. Mad now for having her intimate dream interrupted she sits up and sends Wyatt a text to call her. Within minutes he did.
"What happen to you? Your store has a busted window and there is blood everywhere. You have some explaining to do." Wyatt said to her. 
"Someone put a rock through my window and I cut myself on the glass cleaning it up."
"Well where are you now? I want to make sure that you are not lying to me about what happened to you."
"I am home and I am not lying to you."
Just the Scarlet got a text. Reading it while she was still talking to Wyatt it is from Evelyn.
‘Hey when I was leaving your store, I saw Liam pulling up in a nice BMW didn't know he had money like that’
‘He doesn't drive a car like that. There is only one person I know that drives that kind of car and believe me it was not Liam’
Back to her conversation with Wyatt she asks him when he was at the store.
"Umm maybe 20 minutes ago, why?"
"Oh nothing someone saw you and thought that you were Liam. I forget she does not know about you. Well that you and Liam are twins anyways."
"Are you talking about that Puerto Rican beauty? I saw her coming out of the store." "That would be her. Why didn't you say anything to her?"
"Open your door and we will talk."
Getting up Scarlet looks through the peep hole and there is Wyatt standing there with some food. Sending a text to Evelyn, she tells her not to get her anything that someone brought her food. "Nice clothes there sweet pea, when did you turn into a doctor?"
Looking down at herself Scarlet just smiles and shrugs. "So tell me, why didn't you talk to her?"
"For me when I seen her, my heart raced and my hands got all sweaty. I don't ever remember any woman doing that for me so I just stayed in my car."
"Wow Wyatt, that is funny. So your saying that you were, are attracted to her?" "Can't say that, I don't even know her, and she thinks that I am Liam. What if I went to talk to her she would have told you and you would be mad at him for another reason and he is working so hard get on your good side."
"No I would have known it was you. She liked your car and told me what Liam was driving that's how I knew."
"Oh well enough about all that, I am with Chloe and considering asking her to marry me. What do you think?"
"You know that I love you in all but never liked Chloe, she is bad for you just wish that you could see that. If you think that you are ready to marry her then just ask. I know it’s what she has been wanting." 
Scarlet said going back to the couch. "Just marry her for the right reasons, with the knowledge that you are both in love with one another. Not a one way street of love, it will never work if that is how it is. And Wyatt please get a pre nup. You make too much money to just marry any woman for her to have free range to it all. All it takes is one bad move and it all will go to Chloe."
"I hear you on that one, and that is why I have not asked her to marry me sooner. She doesn’t want to sign one says that if I loved her she should not have to sign one at all. But I just don’t know."
"Well there, that should let you know that asking her to marry you is wrong on so many levels. But Wyatt it is your life and if you are truly in love with her and happy with her then marry her. If she is all you think about and feel lost without her, then marry her."
"Sounds like you are talking from experience. Know something you want to share with me? Like what were you doing at my brother’s house last night?"
Blushing and turning her face away so Wyatt cannot see it. "They came over for dinner and we all were watching a movie. After a while we decided to go for a walk and before we knew two hours past and we ended up at his house. Not wanting to walk all the way back home I just stayed there and Gavin stayed here. That’s it, nothing happened between us. I fell asleep on the couch and I am guessing he carried me into Gavin's room so I could sleep there."
"And you want me to believe that crap of a story? Liam carried you into Gavin's room not his own? And that nothing happened."
"You don’t have to believe it, but it is true. He was a gentleman, didn’t try a thing with me at all. He is really trying to prove to me that he is worth my time."
"That’s good he did question me about us going out to lunch."
Just then Wyatt's cell goes off. Reading the text that is from his brother.
‘Hey have you talked to Scarlet, I am at her store and there is blood everywhere and she is missing. She won’t answer her phone either I’m worried about her’
Laughing to himself because he thought the worse as well about what he was looking at. Sending a text back to Liam before he loses his mind.
‘She is fine, just at home she cut her hand wide open when she was cleaning up the glass’
Before he could get the phone back in his pocket he got another text.
‘I am on my way there I need to know that she is ok. Just let me finish putting up this board on the store window’
"That was Liam he is freaking out about all the blood and you are not answering his calls or text. Did he do something that you are ignoring him?"
"No, my phone has not gone off since you got here. I have not heard it anyways."
Looking around she realizes that her phone is nowhere to be seen. Getting up to look for it she finds it stuffed in the side of the couch where she was sitting. Looking at it there are 17 missed calls and 11 text messages all from Liam besides two calls which are from her mom.
"See that is obsessive, 15 calls just from Liam and two from my mom. I will call her back in a little bit. So where were we in our conversation?"
"You’re not going to call or text him back to let him know that you are alive and ok?" "No, since I know that you did already Wyatt."
"Now who is being the mean one? Why are you being so cold hearted to him? "
"I am not being mean or cold hearted, I just don’t want to give into him that easy. He almost kissed me last night and I about let him. Then when we were at his house he went to get up and walk away from me and I pulled him down, he landed on top of me and I went to kiss him but he moved before I had the chance. That was too easy he can’t know how I feel about him just yet."
"Now Scarlet listen to me, Liam is not one to wait forever for something or somebody, don’t play this game with him to long. He just may give up on you and walk away and go back to old ways of one night stands and floozies."
"I hear ya Wyatt, and you sound just like my roommate. She told me the same thing. I think that you would like her."
She winks at him when her phone goes off again. This time it is Gavin,
‘Hey you ok? Have not heard from you since this morning and Liam can’t seem to find you and is blowing up my phone’
Laughing to herself she tells him that she is fine but not to tell Liam. That Wyatt has already talked to him.
They are finishing up lunch just as Liam knocks on the door. Scarlet gets up to answer it looking through the peep hole just to make sure and her cell goes off, it is Liam telling her that he is outside the door.
Opening it up the first thing Liam does is pull her into his arms. Without any thought he starts kissing her all over her face. Trying to pull away from him but he has her to tight. So she does what she knows best, she knees him the groin. Dropping to the floor holding himself she walks away and sits back on the couch next to Wyatt.
In a high pitch voice Liam lets loose a yelp followed by "Damn that shit hurt!" Catching his breath he finally turns to Scarlet, "What was that for?"
"For starters you touched me again without my permission, then you were squeezing me and I couldn’t breathe, and most importantly you were kissing me! I tried to push you away but you were not letting go. So I gave you a knee and you let me go. Told you this morning I wasn’t a helpless little girl."
"I can feel that now, but did you really have to knee me like that?"
"Liam, I think she did it just right. I did not see anything wrong with her technique. You let her go and hit the floor, what’s wrong with how she did it?" Wyatt said with a major laugh. "It’s not how she did but why she did it."
"I told you already why I did it, next time you will think before you grab me like that. I have had a bad day and was not up for that."
Getting back to his feet, Liam finds his balance and limps to the loveseat. Just holding himself and leaning back in the chair wondering why in the hell he grabbed her like that to begin with and why in the world she has on scrubs. "Hey Liam you want an icepack for your problem there?" Wyatt said while laughing. "That would be lovely, I am in a lot of pain don’t think I will ever function right again. Scarlet why are you in scrubs?”
Watching Liam squirm around on the loveseat in pain, Scarlet is starting to feel really bad for how hard she hit him. She wanted him to know that he could not just come in her house and kiss her like that. She also knew that she enjoyed the way that he was holding her and kissing her everywhere. Just wished it was under different circumstances.
"Because I cut my hand today and bled all over the clothes I had on and at the hospital they cut my clothes off of me and I had nothing to wear."
"It’s just a cut on the hand how did you bleed all over everything?"
"I found out today as well that I am anemic, my iron is low and that’s why I bled so much."
"And what can be done about it?"
"I just have to eat more green veggies and take it easy."
"So that is why you passed out?"
"Not just that I can’t stand the sight of blood and it was a lot of blood and made me sick to my stomach when I seen it. I panicked trying to get to the bathroom to wash it off before I puked all over the place."
Scarlet then walks into the kitchen with Wyatt the two of them just start laughing so hard at what happened. Grabbing a bag of frozen cauliflower they bring it back out to him. Trying to hold a straight face Scarlet hands him the bag she also bends down and whispers in his ear. "I am so sorry, please forgive me" She places a gentle kiss on the side of his cheek. "You are always forgiven." And Liam just smiles at her.
Looking deep into each other’s eyes Wyatt interrupts with a clearing of his throat. "If you two need some alone time I would like to know. And why are you both being so ignorant about how you feel for one another?"
"We are not, I don’t trust him and he just wants a quick fling and that is not my thing."
Scarlet’s said as a matter of fact. This pissing Liam off thinking to himself that is not what he wants from her and he has told her that, wait has he? Thinking about that for a moment he realizes that he has never actually said to her that he wants more from her than a one night fling. Giving himself yet another mental kick for another stupid mistake he just smiles and shakes his head at her.
Scarlet walks away from Liam to get her cell phone and checks it she has a text from Evelyn asking if she needed anything that she was on her way home. Scarlet text her back and told her no, that she was good. "That was my roommate, she is on her wa..." the front door opens and in walks Gavin.
"As I was saying she is on her way home."
"Well since you have everyone here, I see that I am no longer needed to watch over you and I do believe that your brother is going to need to know what happened to both you and Liam today."
Wyatt said with a teasing grin towards Liam who still has his eyes closed and the bag on his crotch. Before leaving he gives Scarlet a hug and kiss on the cheek. "See you two later on tonight for the fight at my house? Beer and steaks on the grill. Chloe won’t be there."
"Sounds good to me I will be there" Gavin answered without thought. "If I can walk by then I will be there." Liam said still in pain.


Chapter 7

Closing the door, Gavin turns around and stares at Scarlet and Liam with questions burning in his mind.
"So you guys gonna explain to me what happened today? Why, Scarlet, are bandaged up and why Liam is sitting with a bag of cauliflower on his crotch?" "Sure you want to know?" "Yes I do Scarlet, what happened today starting with you since I can clearly see the hospital band on your arm and the fact that you are still wearing scrubs. And why are you wearing scrubs?"
"I was cleaning up the glass after you guys left and I sliced my hand open and passed out from the blood loss, Evelyn found me and brought me to the hospital. As for Liam you know that he has been worried about me and when he showed up he grabbed me and kissed me, I tried to pull away and he wouldn’t let me go. So I hit him in his groin and he dropped to the floor."
Looking at Liam and still feeling bad that she hurt him so much. "Damn man, you let her get the drop on you and bring you to the floor. And now filled with shame and loss of your man ego you are sitting in her living room with vegetables on your crotch! Now that is too funny. Damn wish I could have been a fly on the wall for that."
"Why do you wish that you were a fly on the wall for?" Evelyn asked as she came into the house. "My sister bringing Lord Liam to his knees."
"Oh, that had to be funny." Evelyn said walking past them all to put the food into the kitchen.
"So boys what are you guys up to tonight?"
"We are heading to my brother's house to watch the fight and eat some steak and drink some beer, which is not my favorite. Not a big drinker." Liam said with his eyes still closed.
"Liam, why did you sit in the car at Scarlet's store today? I seen you and you didn’t even wave to me when you looked at me."
"Umm, I didn’t see you at her store today. Must of been my brother."
"It was his brother Evee, Wyatt. I think you two should meet. You guys would get along great. But that’s for another time."
"Didn’t know that you even had a brother let alone I just learned about you a week ago when Scarlet here was day dreaming about you."
Scarlet looking at Evelyn with the most hateful look on her face, if looks killed Scarlet would be going to jail. She was so pissed off at Evelyn for what she just did she storms out of the living room to her room and slams the door.
Turning her music on and up so that she can no longer hear them out there she never heard her bedroom door open either. Very quietly Liam walks into the room and sits on the bed next to her.
"Why do you hate me so much? Did I hurt you that bad in high school when you did love me by ignoring you?"
"It’s not just that, I don’t understand why now you are interested in me after all these years. I would have done anything for you back then and I didn’t exist to you. Now you come into my bookstore hit on me and didn’t even realize who I was. What if you knew that was me that day would you be sitting on my bed now? No I really don’t think so. You would have never come into my store or anywhere near it."
"Is that what you think? Well what if I told you something that I have never told anyone else."
Scarlet just nods her head yes but keeps her face away from his. She does not want him to see the tears that are quietly running down her cheeks. What she did not notice was her mirror was showing her reflection and Liam can see the tears and it pained him very much to see her crying.
"I have always been in love with you I knew it back in high school. But the idiot I was I didn’t do a thing about it. Why do you think I always looked so good coming over to your house? Always had on the cologne that I new you loved and would linger after I left, ever notice how your room always seemed to smell like me? I use to go in there whenever you were not home and lightly spray my cologne in there."
Liam continued not wanting to look Scarlet in the eyes.
"It all hit me like a ton of bricks my first year of high school when we were no longer in the same school. I missed you all day long wanting to see you. Then before I knew it I was graduating by then it was too late to do or say anything to you. I knew that I couldn’t have a long distant relationship with you, not with the way I wanted to hold you back then."
Liam looks up and watches Scarlet in the mirror.
"I figured that the best thing to do was ignore you. Maybe then all the feelings I had for you would just vanish. But I was wrong I only tucked them away and continued with the little things to know that you were thinking of me. I know it was wrong to do that to you and never tell you how I felt. I wanted to Scarlet I swear it but I could not put you through that pain once I left for college."
"You’re just saying all that to get on my good side. I heard about all your one night stands and slutty flings. I do not want to be another notch on you man stick. I am a woman not some object that you can have."
"I know that and you my baby girl are anything but some fling or object. I have been thinking about you for the past several weeks and if you don’t believe me ask your brother and mine. I have been dreaming some of the most amazing dreams about you mostly on the beach. And unfortunately I talk loud in my sleep and your poor brother has had to listen to the things that I can only dream about doing to you."
Scooting closer to her and thinking about putting his hand on her back he remembers the sharp pain to his groin and decides not to. Watching her in the mirror she finally looks up at him and wipes her tears. "Turn around Scarlet I want to see those bright green eyes that I see in my dreams every night."
Sitting up but keeping her back to him she watches him the mirror. Being brave he turns to face her back and slides his legs on either side of hers on the bed. "Would you mind if I wrapped my arms around you? I do not want to get another knee from you."
Scarlet grabs his arms and pulls them around her. Leaning back against his chest she inhales deeply taking in his smell.
"Don’t think that since I am letting you hold on to me that it means you can jump in my pants. I am not that easy." "Ah baby girl was not even thinking of it. Just sitting here like this is perfect for me." "So tell me about those dreams you have been having Liam."
"It always starts off the same. I am running down the beach, finding you always sitting in the same spot waiting for me. When I get there I bend down and kiss you gently on your lips."
"Then I pull you down to me. Wrap my legs around yours. I grab your ass and pull you deeper into me so that I can feel you pressing against my hip. But every time you pull away and roll to your side so that you can tease me and caress the inside of my thigh. Like you know that you have to be gentle and take it slow with me but don’t know why."
"Scarlet that is exactly my dream. How did you know that?"
"Because I have the same one almost every time I go to sleep if not like that then just as close to it. You want to know why you have to take it easy and slow with me don’t you?"
"I have my ideas but I am not totally sure. But if you want to share with me then go ahead. I hope that when you do, you feel that you can trust me enough with it."
"I want to know what you think Liam, why do you think you have to be like that with me. I promise whatever you are thinking I will be honest with you and tell you the truth. I am learning to take a chance with you but not ready to take it just yet."
Taking a deep breath Scarlet prepares herself for whatever he is going to say having a general idea of what it is.
"I know about your past year. Your brother told me while we were moving everything for you. I know that the last guy hurt you bad in many different ways. Scarlet I wanted to come to you but I knew the timing was all wrong and you would think that I was just trying to be a rebound or something to that effect. I don’t want to push you into anything you are not ready to do."
Smirking at him but trying not to bust into a full blown laughter, Scarlet gathers herself before speaking.
"So you’re basically saying that you have to take it easy with me because of what happened to me. He beat me, Liam, but never raped me. The cops got here before he had a chance. I would not of thought anything like that, But I do know that I would not of given you the chance and would of only pushed you away.
"That was a bad time for me and I didn’t want to be around anyone besides Evelyn and my mother. I would not even let Gavin, my father or Wyatt near me for a long time. I really hated and feared every man for several months after that. Now that I am telling you this is proving that I am beginning to trust you a little bit. Please don’t ruin my trust."
Taking a deep breath and trying to hold back the tears that are threatening to fall from her eyes Scarlet continues.
"I have never had sex. Never been turned on by a man the way I was in high school when you were near me. Just thinking of you makes my stomach tingle. And since I never felt that with any other guy that I dated I normally just dumped them before it got to that point. So there you have it. I am still a virgin with the hopes that either one day you would want me or I would find a guy who could do to me that you could without ever touching me."
Sitting there in silence was making Scarlet very uncomfortable, just watching Liam's face in the mirror she could see that he was taking it all in and slowly processing it all. Scarlet starts to get up from the bed when Liam pulls her back down and holds her tight to him. She is not sure if this is a good thing or what but lets him do it. She did just give him a ton of information all at once. Finally Liam starts to talk, mumbling at first and then after a few minutes starts to make sense.
"You have been waiting for me all this time? Why would you do that?"
Still just rambling on about every question he can think of and Scarlet only catching a few of them she doesn’t know where to start. Once again she starts to get off the bed to let him be and deal with everything she just told him. He stops her once again.
"Where are you going?"
"Just giving you some space that’s all. I knew that I should have never taken that chance and told you that, should have kept it to myself. My best friend doesn’t even know that about me."
Getting mad at herself for telling him. She can hear her voice becoming angry. "Now you are going to look at me differently, and be scared to touch me and most likely move on and not waste your time. Hell why would you want to be with a virgin anyway?"
"You sound like a damn fool. I am the one that should be cussing myself for never going after you sooner. By making you suffer such a bad life with men. You held out because of me and you suffered because of me. I will never in my life be able to make that up to you. You are the one that shouldn’t waste any more of your time on me. You deserve someone better than me."
Getting up from the bed, this conversation did not turn out the way he wanted it to. Instead they got into a fight because of how he treated her in school. Going to walk out the room Scarlet stops him grabs his hand and pulls him to her.
"Liam, you did not make me suffer with those other men. I held out because I wanted too not because you made me. And let me tell you this it was the best choice I ever made. I can’t imagine how much worse my life would of been if I did have sex with the last donkey ass. You don’t see it, but making me fall in love with you probably made my life better. I always knew what I wanted and it was you, but I also knew that I could never have you."
"But I am here now, and I want to be with you. Will you please believe me on that one thing?"
"I don’t know, it’s on how we became back into each other’s lives again. You didn’t recognize me and hit on me, and then that’s when you wanted to know me. Now that I have grown up, lost weight grew some kind of boobs and an ass that you are interested in me. How am I supposed to know that it is me that has your attention and not just my physical appearance?"
Sitting there for a few minutes trying to find the right words to say and coming up short Liam just bends down and places a gentle kiss on her forehead.
"I guess the only way to prove that, is to show you day by day. One day you will believe me and I will take for however long it will take me to show you that I honestly and truly care about you. Don’t get me wrong I am still a man and want to be with you every way possible. But that will also come in due time."
"So you are telling me, that the playboy himself is leaving the game to take the chance proving to me that he thinks and feels with more than just his dick? Whoa guess I better be a little bit nicer to you and not knee you again."
Looking down at him and seeing that he is turned on just from being near her. "I see that you are already thinking with the wrong head." She said and leans up against him to put pressure on his harden dick.
"Well that’s what you do to me, it’s really bad when I dream of you or when I am in the shower and get to thinking of you. But don’t worry baby girl I always take care of it myself and will until the right day comes for us. Guess we better go back to living room before they think that we are in here messing around."
"Guess so, and Liam, don’t think that this makes us into being a couple. I might have told you one of my darkest deepest secrets, but you are nowhere near being off the hook for forgetting about me that day."
"I understand, and baby girl if you don’t mind me calling you baby girl, I plan on showing you every way possible that I meant what I said, and you being a virgin has nothing to with the way I am going to treat you."
Kissing the top of her head again she leans into him one more time to take in his smell.
Walking into the living room, Evelyn and Gavin are fighting over the remote and what to watch on TV. Evelyn wants to watch lifetime while Gavin is trying to put on ESPN. Liam walks over and snatches the remote and walks into the kitchen. The TV is left on a kids channel and they are both now stuck watching it.
"So is there something you two want to share?" Evelyn asks as Liam walks out of the kitchen with two glasses of tea.
"Just that we came to an understanding about what is going on between the two of us, no we did not screw and we are not together. Understand Evelyn?"
"Yup gotcha." Rolling her eyes and mouthing something to Gavin.
"Well ladies we have some work that needs to be done. We are missing an informant and need to find him now. Take care both of you and what time is dinner?" Shocked at what he just said Scarlet questions Gavin.
"Who said that we were cooking dinner for you Gavin? Don’t you have your own stove and food?"
"We do but your cooking is so much better."
"I do believe that we are heading to Wyatt’s for steak and beer. So ladies don’t worry about us, and Scarlet if you need anything just call me I will always be here to help you."
Getting up from the couch he walks over to her and kisses her one more time on the top of her head. Shivering this time she catches herself and smiles at him.
"Hey Evelyn if you need anything after the fight I am just a text away!"
"If you say so Gavin"
After they leave Scarlet remembers that her mom called.
"Shit I forgot to call my mom back. It’s been like three hours since she last called and knowing momma dukes she is pissed off right now."
Finding her phone she dials her mom's number and prepared for whatever is coming.
"Hey momma dukes sorry I missed you call what’s going on?"
"Don’t you dare hey Momma Dukes me I heard that your store window was busted in and that you were seen being carried out of the store by your roommate with blood all over you. You better start explaining to me and you better not leave a thing out. I know all, see all and hear all. Remember that young lady"
"Yes ma'am." Scarlet gives her mother a detailed run down of everything that happened that day at that store and about the guy that has been stalking her.
"Well are you sure that’s all it was? I am very worried about you."
"Yes momma dukes, that’s all it is."
"You said that Liam showed up, how did that go? You use to be in love with him so badly in school."
"I seen him the other day mom and he didn’t recognize me. Pissed me off something fierce."
"Well darling you did change a lot since high school."
"I know but momma he tried to pick me up before Gavin told him who I was. And now he is trying to make it up to me. Confessed that he has known that he has loved me since high school but when he decided to do something about it, it was too late."
"Ha, I knew it. I could tell by the way he always got dressed up to hang out with Gavin and he would always ask if you were home. I liked to give him a hard time and always tell him no, that you were out on a date even when you were in your room."
"Mom! I can’t believe you did that to him, that’s probably why he stayed away from me all those years."
"Did you tell him that you are still a virgin and you have been waiting for him?"
"How do you know that? I have never told anyone that. And yes I did tell him today when we had a heart to heart. He said it did not matter. That he was going to take his time with me and when the time is right then it will happen. Not before and he is not going to pressure me. Mom he is trying so hard to make me fall in love with him again. Should I tell him that I never stopped loving him to begin with?"
"Oh, do I have to teach you some things missy. You never tell a man that you never stopped loving him, than he knows that he holds you like putty in his hands. Make him suffer like he made you suffer, just not as bad. Make that man spoil you like a queen and don’t take anything less. If he is truly in love with you then he will give you the world including that diamond ring that he should of already put on your finger years ago."
"Is that how you got daddy wrapped around your finger even to this day?"
"Oh no honey, that’s fear. If he knows what’s good for him and wants this loving he better spoil me the way I need to be spoiled. Just remember, never take anything less then what you deserve, the moment you settle, is the moment you lose everything.
"And make sure you pass that one along to Evelyn, I know that she is holding out for Mr. Prince Charming and tell her that Gavin is not the answer, he may be the needs to an end but not to settle for him. One day I believe he will grow up but he is just not ready yet."
"Wow mom you really do hear, see and know everything don’t you? How did you know about Evelyn and Gavin?"
Looking over to Evelyn who is now listening to everything they are talking about and embarrassed about what Momma Dukes knows.
"Sorry my dears, I will never reveal my sources. I like knowing everything that I know."
"If you say so momma, well I am going to lay back down I am tired been kind of a crazy day for me. I love you."
"Love you to darling and pass my love along to Evelyn."
Hanging up the phone, all the girls could do was laugh at Momma Dukes. Just then Scarlet got a text, opening it and laughing even harder. Handing the phone to Evelyn, who just started cracking up even more. It was from her mother, she told them to stop laughing at her.
"Can you believe that my mother knows about you and Gavin? That is just way too funny."
"How do think she knows about that? It just happened last night and I didn’t tell a soul. You know that I am private person."
"My guess is Gavin. He probably talked to dad about it who in return talked to mom. He does that especially when he gets some really good sex. Damn girl what did you to do him last night?" "As I said, I am a private person, but let me tell you, I did not know your broth..."
Interrupting Evelyn in mid sentence. "Ah Stop I do not want to know what my brother can do, too much information."
"Ok sorry then, tell me what happened between you and Liam last night and before in the bed room, is he that good that you can’t get enough of him?"
"Not like that, I slept in Gavin’s bed last night and before we just talked something that we both needed to do before either one of us can move forward in a relationship with anyone."
"So what is going on with you guys now then? Are you going to give him a chance and date him?"
"I am, but not so easy. And Momma Dukes told me to pass along a bit of advice to you "Never take anything less then what you deserve, the moment you settle, is the moment you lose everything." I know what she is talking about and I am guessing that you know as well. I can bet that she has been talking to your mom and knows something about you that I don’t."
Sitting there thinking about it for a few, Evelyn finally has a light bulb turn on in her head. Thinking to herself, "I wonder if Scarlet knows about my dreams of finding prince charming."
"Hey Scar, question for you, do you keep deep private secrets from me?"
"Just one and there are only two people that know it. But I think that maybe I should tell you promise not laugh?"
"Why would I laugh at you, my secret is embarrassing as all get out."
"I am a virgin Evelyn, I have never had sex. I told that to Liam today and he didn’t care. I figured that he would freak out and decide to leave me alone. But I was wrong."
"Oh wow, but I figured as much. I just put two and two together back in college but never bothered the issue knowing who you are figured that you had your reasons for it. Now to make you laugh."
Evelyn said with a friendly smile.
"Gavin is only the second guy that I have had sex with the first was with my best friend at the time. He was going into the army we were both virgins and we did it once on the last day of high school. So don’t feel so bad. But that’s not my deepest secret. I am waiting for my prince charming, I truly am. Someone that will give me all the love, make me the center of their world without me asking.
"Someone who won’t lie won’t cheat or do me wrong, wishing for that love at first sight. Seeing him and your heart races your palms sweat. You become weak in the knees and you melt every time he smiles at you. Yes I am a believer of love at first sight."
"Ok, I think that we are pretty even on embarrassing secrets. Why do you think that we never shared them before Evelyn?"
"I didn’t want anyone to laugh at me. What kind of grown woman waits around for her prince charming like some fairy tale? That’s why I never shared and I know our moms have been talking because she is the only other person to know that about me."
"You know I think that I know what you’re looking for. And in time you will too. I am not going to say anything because it won’t be the same. But trust me Evee you will meet your prince charming sooner than you think."


Chapter 8

Wyatt is sitting in front of the TV thinking about everything that has been happening this past week. Thinking of how Liam and Scarlet are working their way to love and happiness. And here he was in a relationship where he was going to ask a woman to marry him who did not love him and he was sure of it. Only because she has been with him for the past four years and it now like an obligation to her than love.
He knew when they first got together she loved him but over the short years she stopped but has stayed. But why he does not know. So he decided a while ago, might as well have a pity marriage then no marriage. Most women are attracted to him for his looks or money, but the moment that they find out he is a computer engineer and a hopeless romantic they either walk away or take advantage.
So for him asking Chloe to marry him will guarantee he does not grow old alone. He just won’t be happy. Lost in his thoughts he finally says to his dog. "Can’t have it all now can I? Hell boy we are rich, have great looks, a beautiful woman, it’s just the love and happiness that we can’t have. So I guess we just have to compromise a bit now huh. At least we have each other Lanta." Scratching the dogs behind his ears, he just laid his big head in Wyatt's lap.
*****
Gavin and Liam were heading back to the police station when they see Jason getting out of a black SUV. Relieved that their case did not go to hell but pissed that he did not stay gone permanently they continued to the station. Not wanting him to be seen being picked up by the police so soon after he was dropped off. They know that he is being watched and will be for several days. Soon after getting there Gavin gets a call, "Detective Jones."
It is a concerned citizen who witnessed Jason throwing the rock through the bookstore window said that she sees him and he is back in front of the store. Having a good reason to pick him up, both detectives head to the bookstore which is now boarded up.
Tomorrow Liam plans on putting up a new window before Scarlet comes back to work. He also put up a closed sign due to damages. Liam drove this time, doing anything to keep his mind off of Scarlet. Making it to the bookstore and seeing Jason in front of it.
Gavin gets out of the car and Jason sees him and takes off the other direction. Not wanting to chase him on such a beautiful day Gavin gets back into the car.
"You’re just going to let him go?"
"Nope, but I am not chasing him through the streets of Miami on this hot day. You can if you want but not me. We know where he lives and where he loves to hang out. Better to catch him off guard and not around so many people that can go back and tell the Cuban Angels."
 "Good I really don’t feel like bringing him in anyways. That means paperwork and I don’t want to do paperwork since it is already 6pm and the fight starts in two hours."
"I say we head home shower and then head to Wyatt's."
Once home Liam sends Scarlet a text 
Just thinking of you baby girl. Will miss you tonight
Jumping into his shower Liam starts to imagine Scarlet being in the shower with him.
"Umm I love seeing you like this. Watching the water run over your breast and down your back. Rubbing my soapy hands all over your body. But what I love the most is picking you up like this and pinning you to the wall." While he slides his hands down her back, around her ass, he picks her up so that her breasts are even with his mouth. Gently taking a nipple and sucking on it, then moving over to the next one. Scarlet arches her back pushing her breast deeper into his mouth. Pressing his length where she is already warm and moist, she lets out a moan when he bites her nipple. Sliding Scarlet down the wall so that she is now standing in front of him again he starts kissing her neck moving to her mouth. Locked in a heavy fiery kiss he moves his hands down her side to her thigh and in between her legs. Using his knee he pushes them apart just enough to slip his finger inside of her. Scarlet tenses up when he enters her, letting go of a slight gasp. Kissing his way down her body until he reaches just above....
"Damn man why the hell are you knocking on my damn door, I am in the middle of a shower here?"
"Because it is going on 7pm and I am ready to go. And stop thinking of my sister in your damn shower. Finish up and lets go."
Laughing at what he said because he was dead on. Liam is left standing there hard and wanting Scarlet more than ever. So taking matters into his own hands, he finishes, then gets dressed and heads to Wyatt's.
Showing up at Wyatt's 30 minutes later Gavin is giving Liam a hard time about Scarlet. Liam landing a punch to his upper chest Gavin stumbles backwards. Wyatt is watching them through the windows and can only laugh.
"Damn will you two ever go up and be mature?"
"Nope, have no need to. As long as our bills are paid and we still have a job and food to eat no need to change a thing."
"Speak for yourself Gavin. I believe that I am a ready to mature just a little bit. Or at least I think I am, but as for tonight not gonna happen."
"So Liam what’s got you wanting to grow up all of a sudden, did you finally hit puberty?" Chloe said from behind Wyatt. No one saw her standing there and Wyatt thought that she left already.
"No, gold digger, I actually found something you will never be able to do since you have a cold black dead heart."
"Kiss my ass Liam. What the hell are you doing here anyways?"
"No, thanks on the ass kissing don’t know where it has been. And I are here because I want to be, don’t like it then leave I will pack your shit for you Chloe and toss it out the door."
"Hey hey you two stop. Why can’t you guys get along? I love you both but I am not going to listen to this shit." Wyatt said trying to hide his anger.
"So I guess we all have forgotten that I am here."
"Hello Gavin. How are you doing?" Chloe said giving him a sexy seducing smile. "Umm yeah, I’m good and I wasn’t talking about you, you cold hearted evil enchantress. And keep your seductive smile to yourself."
Both men walking past her into the living room they can smell the steak on the grill. Gavin following his nose leads him to the kitchen where he finds cold beer, jalapeño poppers, potatoes skins, hot wings and most importantly the steaks. Wyatt and Liam join him and they all grab a plate and head back to the living room to watch the fight. Talking about women, sports and all of Wyatt's cool "toys" that he owns. However through it all Liam is still distracted can't seem to keep Scarlet out of his mind long enough to enjoy any of it.
*****
Scarlett is lying in her bed reading her book that she started earlier that morning. Evelyn comes into the room and lays next to her on the bed with a big sigh. Checking her phone before she says anything seeing a text from Liam
‘Just thinking of you baby girl. Will miss you tonight.’
Letting out a little giggle she finally talks to Evelyn. "What’s wrong Evee?"
"Oh nothing just thinking about what we talked about earlier."
"And?"
"It’s just that, I had a lot of fun with Gavin last night, but it didn’t feel right. Like it was all wrong, and then I got to thinking about Liam."
"Hold up you thought of Liam while you were having sex with my brother?"
"Not like that Scarlet, I was not thinking of him while I was freaking Gavin. I was thinking about his brother. You guys told me that he had one but not what he looked like. And I swear to you Scar, that man in the car that was looking at me was Liam. It looked just like him. Did he take up stalking to make sure that you didn’t have a boyfriend?"
"I am telling you Evee it was not Liam, he has an identical twin brother Wyatt. They look just alike but act nowhere near the same. Besides you he is my other best friend. We were supposed to go out to lunch today at The Cuban Place. But instead all this happened."
"Are you serious? God made two very well chiseled chocolate yum yums? And how did you get so lucky to grow up with them? I mean one is your best friend and the other you are in love with."
"Evelyn, you are making them sound like god's gift to women!"
"Not every woman just to you Scarlet. Look you have both of them in your life. And yet here I am a lone messing around with your brother because it has been years since I have had sex and it was only my second time."
"Ah, see there at least you have had sex. I am still a virgin because I was holding out thinking that one day I will get to be with my Mr. Right and I am now not too sure that he is it. And I have wasted a lot of time with my life when I could have been living."
"Trust me you are not missing much Scar. You are doing the right thing by holding out. That’s how you get what you deserve, nothing less. It’s the key to true love and happiness."
"And who told you that one?"
"Your mom and mine every time I talk to my mom it is," putting her fingers in the air making quotation makes, "Evelyn you get what you deserve, nothing less if you hold out. Don’t give into the sweet words and fake romance for anything." I'm telling you, it drives me crazy. She is pressing me hard to for a husband and some grandkids. But yet tells me to hold out on a man that I will know when true love is there it will shine brighter than anything else and I will know right away."
"Evelyn you know if I didn’t know you or your mom I would think that the two of you are completely crazy. How is one supposed to know that they found true love right away? You grow to love someone you don’t love them before you know them."
"I get that, you have to know someone before you can love them, but always listening to my mother and father talk about how they met in grade school and always knew that they loved each other and would be married it’s hard not to believe in love at first sight."
Sitting there in silence and just thinking about how she feels about Liam. Realizing that she never really knew Liam only about him. Wondering if it has always been true love she has had for him of just a lust thing with who he was at the time. Bringing her thoughts to Wyatt and Evelyn wondering if they could be good together, wanting to set them up but not wanting to interfere with fate. What if they are destined to be together and she pushes it and ruins the whole thing.
So deciding to let mother fate work her magic on them she hopes that they are a good match and will fall in love. Knowing both of them for years to her they fit together like a ball and glove. Finally hearing her phone she picks it up and she has 2 messages on it.
‘Hey it's me, just thinking of you and missing you a lot. Would you like to do lunch tomorrow?’
Smiling to herself she thinks about it while she reads the other text.
‘Hello my sweet redhead, I miss seein you at work. What happened?’
Freaking out with that one she sends Liam a text back.
‘Sure where are we going?’
Waiting for him to text she rereads the one that he sent to her before and smiles again. "This is my chance to really get to know him not just about him. I want to know everything about him. I want to know if I am really in love with him or just lusting after a very attractive man." Her phone goes off again and it is Liam.
‘Really? I didn’t think that you would of given into me that easy.’
‘Well I can be mean and tell you no or I can take the chance and get to know you now.’
Putting her phone down Scarlet hears a knock on the front door. Getting up to answer it she looks through the peep hole and no one is there so she walks away. Picking her phone up Scarlet reads another text from Liam. 
‘Where would you like to go?’
‘I don't know. Why don't you surprise me since it's your idea?’
Saying out loud to herself, "This is a good way to get know what he likes to eat as well as what likes to do besides sports and work."
Forgetting that Evelyn was in the room with her. "Who are we getting to know?"
"Liam who else?" Scarlet said with a grin while reading the text from him. 
‘Ok, but you shouldn't leave it up to me. I am not so good with planning dates.’
Showing the text to Evelyn they just laugh. Writing back,
‘That’s the point there, and aren’t you supposed to be eating steak drinking beer and watching the fight?’
"Scarlet, so what are you planning on doing tomorrow?"
"Umm I am leaving it up to him. I want to know what his idea of a date is."
"Gotcha,I think that I need some new books and I know that your store needs to be cleaned up? Wanna head over there and get something done?"
"Sure Evee, we can. Anything else you want to do."
"See what we can accomplish. The store is most important."
"Hold up I got to pee, be right back."
Walking to that bathroom she sees someone standing outside her bedroom window. Going back over to the bed she grabs her phone like nothing is wrong and sends Liam a text. "Evee don’t freak out and continue to act like everything is normal until Liam and Gavin get here. That weird ass guy is outside my window and I don’t know how long he has been watching us in here."
"Are you serious, what do you want to do about it."
"What can we do about it? It’s just you and me right now. Go out and go all ninja on his ass?"
"Why not we have been taking this self defense classes and Scar you are a natural ass kicker? I think that we can take him."
"You really think so and what are we going to do with him if we do take him down?"
"Well for starters I think he would know that you are not some helpless little chic and that you can defend yourself and scare the hell out of him."
"Listen Evelyn, I really have to pee don’t do anything stupid. We don’t know what he can do or if he has a gun or something."
"I won’t I will be right here when you get back, promise."
Finally making it to the bathroom before she peed on herself she can only think about what to do. If she stands up to him maybe he will go away, but it could cause a different reaction from him and he could get angry and hurt both her and Evelyn and she did not want to be reason her best friend got hurt.
Going back into her room and casually looking out the window she notices that Jason is no longer there. As surprising as it may seem, that actually scared her even more. What if he was looking for a way into the house? Just then her cell phone goes off and Evelyn reads the text out loud. 
‘Who you looking for my redhead? I still here n can see you. I had to move when you moved’
Evelyn drops the phone pissed off now she heads to her room and grabs her softball bats. Hands one to Scarlet and heads to the front door. Evelyn may be a shy kinda of woman but she is also one with a very short temper. She doesn’t like to be bothered or pushed around. Slamming the front door open both girls head to the side of the house that he was standing at. Seeing him they walk up to him and swing their bats. Losing his balance he falls into the bushes. "Damn you psycho bitch, what the hell is your problem?"
"You, you son of a bitch." Evelyn said in a rage.
"You crazy ass bitch you knocked me into that damn poison ivy shit again. I just got cleared up."
"Good I hope you fucking suffer you asshole." Evelyn spit out.
"Listen I am not interested in you and I have told you that. Leave me the hell alone or next time we will bust your head wide open. We may be single women living alone but we are far from helpless. Heed my warning, next time I swing to kill."
Getting up from the bushes he walks straight up to Scarlet and grabs her by the hair. Getting pissed even more she kicks backwards landing her kick right above his knee. He stumbles backwards losing his balance pulling out some of Scarlet’s hair as he falls. She turns quickly and swings the bat again aiming right for his head. But before it made contact something stopped the bat in mid swing.
"Holy shit, are you crazy? You can’t just swing a bat at his head." Liam said to her. "Where the hell did you come from and yes the hell I can."
"Let’s just say that we made it here in time." Gavin said while trying to get the bat away from Evelyn who was still raging with anger. "I am tired of him stalking me. And since the cops can’t do a damn thing until he hurts me I was protecting myself. That fucker gonna text me and tell me that he has been watching me. I have had enough." Scarlet said with a fire to her voice.
"Who says that I can’t watch you? You a beautiful redhead that will be mine. And seeing you angry has turned me on more. I will have you don’t ever forg...."
Before he could finish what he was going to say Scarlet swings the bat again to fast for anyone to stop her and makes contact with Jason's ribs. He drops to the ground gasping for air.
"Damn girl who taught you to swing like that? Now I am turned on but please don’t swing on me. I didn’t even see you start to swing until you made contact."
Liam said trying to get close enough to get the bat out of her hands. Letting it go Scarlet snarls at Jason "I am not telling you again. Next time there will be no one here to stop my bat from hitting your nasty ass head and as you can see I got a very strong well aimed swing."
"This ain’t over bitch. I will get you!" Jason yelled at her still lying on the ground trying to get air. He knows that she cracked his ribs he can feel it with every short breath he takes. 
Wrapped up in what is going on, nobody noticed Wyatt standing there, who is following Scarlet back into the house trying to catch up. Without thinking he grabbed her arm, first thing she does is kick him right above his knee making him stumble and then she throws a punch. Before she seen who it was, it was too late. She punched Wyatt in the mouth busting his lip wide open and knocking him backwards into a bush of poison ivy.
Trying to catch himself before he hit the ground, Scarlet’s attempts to grab him as well. However he ended up in the bush anyways. Everyone came running towards the two of them but Jason who is still on the ground just laying there. Liam helping Wyatt up turned and just looked at Scarlet and then back at Wyatt.
"Damn woman who the hell taught you how to do that? That shit hurt like hell. And you busted my lip wide open."
"Shit man, now you know how I felt before when she kneed me." Liam laughed out. "I am so sorry Wyatt. But I was, am still worked up from that asshole over there. I thought that he got pass Gavin and Liam and was grabbing me again and I did what I was taught to do. I defended myself. I will be damned if I let another blue balled fuck head hurt me ever again."
"That’s my girl didn’t know that we had it in us did you boys?" Evelyn said with a grin on her face. "We have been taking self defense classes since last year."
"Bullshit that was not no damn self defense, that was some don’t fuck with me ninja kick yo ass shit. How did you learn that sis?" Gavin standing there looking amazed. "As Evelyn said we have been taking self defense classes."
Walking back into the front door Scarlet heads to her shower so that she can try to cool off. Knowing that she is still very worked up and could end up snapping at any one with the possibility of hurting them she needs to cool off. Turning on the shower and stripping down she steps in. Within seconds she hears her bedroom door open. "What is it Evelyn? I am trying to cool off before I blow someone up. I am still that pissed off."
"Umm I am not Evelyn."
Startled to hear his voice the one that send chills down her spine and makes her body tingle. "Holy shit what is Liam doing in my room while I am in the shower? He didn’t know that I was getting in the shower, so I can’t be mad at him just as long as he stays out there."


Chapter 9

Scarlet can see Liam walk into the bathroom where she is naked and in the shower. "What the hell do you think that you are doing?"
"I want to make sure that you are ok."
"I am just fine, just trying to cool down and relax before I hurt someone else."
"You have a hot temper there. I see that you really don’t need me to protect you but I still feel the need to." 
Scarlet can hear him moving around in the bathroom but never opens the curtain to see what he is doing. Feeling safe even with him in there she closes her eyes and just lets the water run over her. Liam then slides the shower curtain and slips in behind Scarlet and whispers in her ear. "Please don’t swing on me, but I can’t really help myself. I want to help relax you. And no I am not trying to have sex with you, yet."
Feeling safe with him in the shower with her she relaxes against his body and lets her mind wonder. "Shit, holy blue hell damn, he is in the shower with me, naked as all get out and I let him. Stupid this is not playing hard to get. Just don’t turn around and look at him and you will be ok." 
Knowing that this was a bold face lie she just stood there. Liam gently ran his hands downs her body trying so hard not kiss her soft skin. "Liam."
"Yes baby girl"
"Why are in my shower, and don’t say to relax me, because that is not what you are doing and you know it."
"What do you mean I am not relaxing you? I am in here with you rubbing your body down and you seem pretty relaxed to me." She leans against him and feels his hardness press into her lower back. Trying even harder now not to turn around because she knows that if she does she will lose her virginity right there in the shower. "As much as I you enjoy being in there, I do think it is best, I do just not shower with any guy that invites himself to me shower." Scarlet says making a mess of her words as she feels him pressed into her back.
"But Scarlet I am not just any guy and you know that." Turning her around to face him. "Can I kiss you Scarlet?"
Barely shaking her head yes he bends down and kisses her lips pulling her close. She just stands there trying to fight it but also giving in to it. He runs his hands through her wet hair, down her back and around her ass. Scarlet lets out a moan into his mouth and he grips tighter lifting her up. She pulls back from him and gets out of the shower. Following her to her room he grabs a hold of her shoulder and turns her around.
"Why did you get out? I know that you were enjoying it."
"That’s why I got out. I am not supposed to be enjoying anything like that with you, not yet. I want to get to know you I want to know what you like to do, like to eat every little non important detail about you just like I want you to know the same about me."
"I understand that but did you really have to get out of the shower like that. I told you that I was trying to relax you."
"That was not relaxing me, it was getting me hot and bothered and I told you that I am not ready for that and if you are going to pressure me then you can kiss my ass goodbye. And either wrap up in a towel or put some damn clothes on. As delicious as you look I do not want any of that" Scarlet walks away from him. "Not now anyways." Scarlet mumbled under her breath. "I heard what you just mumbled baby girl." Scarlet blushes and Liam grins at her.
Liam walks back into the bathroom and puts his clothes back on. Scarlet laid in her bed naked under the covers and Liam knew this, he never seen her put clothes on. Walking over to the bed he lays next to her. Wraps his arm around her and pulls her close. "And again Liam what are you doing in me bed next to me knowing that I am naked?"
"Just laying here waiting for you to ask me questions that you want to know so that I can answer them." But before she could ask any questions she falls asleep in his arms. He could feel her body relax and debates about staying or leaving. Deciding to leave that it is the right thing to do no matter how bad he wants to stay. He carefully without waking her gets out of her bed. Kisses her softly on the top of her head and whispering in her ear "I love you Scarlet hope one day soon you will see that." He walks out of her room and quietly closes the door.
*****
Wyatt is sitting in the kitchen with a cold wash cloth on his lip when Evelyn walks into the room. He stiffens up as she walks over to him hoping that she cannot hear his heart racing or see the sweat pulling on his forehead. Thank god it is a very hot night in Miami and he can blame that part on the heat.
"Hi I am Evelyn, Scarlet’s best friend and roommate I take it as you are Liam's twin brother that was sitting outside of Scarlet’s store."
"I am. I saw you there. Just thought that maybe you were a customer. But that explains why you stared at me and then looked pissed when I didn’t say anything to you. You must have thought that I was Liam."
"Guilty. I did."
"So how long have you two been taking those classes cuz they sure are paying off? I didn’t know that she could fight like that. Don’t want to see what you can. You already scare me." Wyatt’s phone goes off and he looks at it. It is Chloe.
"Excuse me real quick." Evelyn nods her head and Wyatt answers it. "Hello."Wyatt sighs.
"I am at my friend’s house, there was an emergency and she needed us, well at least we thought she did." Wyatt said talking into the phone.
Evelyn watching the way Wyatt talked on the phone she was feeling her heart pick up speed, her palms getting sweaty, and a warm pulling sensation between her legs. Thinking to her and no longer listening to Wyatt.
"Oh my god, is that what my mom’s means by I will know right away, it will shine brighter than anything else. It can’t be him, I do not know a thing about him but the way I feel just sitting in the room with him."
Hearing Wyatt talking again she starts to listen to his conversation. Now he is sounding bothered and irritated. "I already told you that tomorrow we can do whatever you want to do." Shaking his head, "I am not cheating on you, Sorry but you know that I am loyal and faithful to you. So don’t start that crap with me. You are the one who goes out and parties all the time while I stay at home and wait for you."
Talking to herself again, "Shit go figure I would find him and he would be in a relationship with someone, and he talks about how he is faithful and loyal. Just what I want and I can’t have him. It’s probably his wife. So good luck with that stupid." Getting up and walking out of the kitchen Wyatt watches her as she leaves and feels an unfamiliar pain in his chest.
Becoming agitated he finishes up his conversation with Chloe and hangs the phone up he quickly goes to find the beautiful woman he was just with. Not sure why but he feels needs to be close to her.
Evelyn closes her bedroom door cussing herself for being attracted to a man that she cannot have. Deciding at that moment that it is best that she continues to mess around with Gavin until there is no more excitement there, who the hell was she kidding she enjoys the sex and that’s about it. But she knows that she cannot be with Wyatt and most importantly cannot be having this desire to be with him now that she knows he is with someone. She hears a light knock on her door.
"Who is it?" She asked.
"Its Wyatt, may I come in?"
"For what? You have someone in your life and it may not be in your best interest to come into my room right now. Don’t think I could control myself. I may end up doing something that we both would regret."
Saying quietly to herself, "Holy shit did I just say that out loud? Now he is going to think that I am some easy hoe that just wants to screw. He even said that he don’t cheat." Before she could say another word her door opens and in walks Wyatt.
"Umm, yea, so about what you just said kinda caught me off guard. Really wasn’t expecting that. Can you explain what you meant by that?"
"Don’t know how without sounding crazy, so if you don’t mind please leave my room. And you lip is still bleeding and starting to swell."
Wiping the blood from his lip with her thumb, both Evelyn and Wyatt jump back from what they can not explain when she touched him.
Evelyn decides she is going to be a bitch to him so that she won’t act on this feeling that she has inside of her. As of right now she wants to jump on him, wrap herself around his body and kiss him for the rest of her life. But she can’t, so being a bitch and showing that she is not interested should do the trick of ignoring how she feels. Walking out of the room he turns back to look at her lying on her bed face up staring the ceiling.
"I know how you feel."
Wyatt closes the door and Evelyn sits up straight in her bed and just stares at the door. "Did he really just say that to me? What an ass, he is with some. How could that selfish pig tell the woman on the phone that he is loyal to her and is not cheating when he just said that to me? He is a cheat and a liar, one of the worst."
*****
Liam knocks on Evelyn's door to tell her that he is leaving and to lock up, she answers in a pair of short shorts and a very tight top.
"Oh thought that it was Scarlet, where is she?"
"Asleep in her bed, I was going to stay with her but figured it best for my safety that I leave. I mean in a matter of a day she kneed me, busted Jason with a bat, and spilt Wyatt's lip wide open. And I can bet that he will have a major bruise on his leg where she kicked him."
"Yea, guess you better before you end up in the hospital. So about your brother even though I have no right asking you about him, what’s his deal? He was on the phone and told whoever he was talking to that he was faithful and loyal to her and he was not cheating on her. Is he like that, a liar and a cheater? He sure was flirting with me even came into my room to talk to me."
"Hell no he ain’t no cheater or liar. He has been with the same gold digger for the past four years and he is actually going to ask her to marry him tomorrow which I wish he wouldn’t do. Why are you asking? You interested in him or something?"
"I was until I found out that he had someone and now I know that I really can’t have him because he is going to marry her, don’t worry about it. It was just something that he said to me. That he knew how I felt, I don’t get how he knows what I was feeling, I never sai… Oh shit I know what he means now. Damn I am such a fool. Looks like I am in the same boat as you screwing things up before they can even start. But I guess in my situation it doesn’t matter. At least you’re woman is single and wanting to be with you. Mine is already involved with someone else."
"Let me explain this hag to you. I don’t like her, she is only after Wyatt's money and I tell him all the time. His problem is that he is a helpless romantic and a computer nerd. he needs a good woman that is not after his money but that’s all they want from him or they just take off after they find out that he is into computer engineering thinking that he is this dull very boring kinda man. Which he is not. As you can see."
"Umm yea, I am not about breaking people up. No matter what their problems are. Now if he did it on his own and knew what he wanted then I might be ok with that. But I do not want to come between him and his happy ending with whomever."
"Damn and they say that men don’t listen. But you women are some damn hard headed beings. I said that he is going to marry her just because they have been together for four years. Where in that statement did you hear me say that he was happy? Get to know him and you will see that he is not happy. I already planned on talking him out of this stupid proposal that he has planned."
"And why would I do something like that? If he really is unhappy then he should just leave her."
"Dumbass has this fear of growing old alone so he is going to settle for a gold digging hoe."
"You know that you are mean to women Liam?"
"No, there you have me wrong, not women just her. Ever get the chance to meet her you will know what I am talking about right away."
"Well there Liam thanks for the talk. Didn’t really help knowing now what his plans are. I am going to bed with the new light on life that I will be growing old alone with no man to love me and make happy as I would do for him. Thank you for killing my spirits about true love."
"Hold up what makes you think that Wyatt is your true love? Are you judging a book by its cover? I knew he is good looking and all but what makes you think like that?" "This will take too long to explain, give me a sec to put on pants and a sweater then come in."
Getting changed so that she was not exposed she opened the door and Liam came into her room leaving the door wide open.
"Ok my mother is crazy but I have listened to it my entire life about true love and knowing when you found it. In short when you meet the person you are destined to be with your mind, body and soul know it right away. Your heart races, your body starts tingling, palms get sweaty and your soul feels complete. And when you walk away from that person you feel a sudden emptiness that you can’t explain.
"When I walked into the kitchen when Wyatt was sitting in there with his busted lip all I wanted to do was take care of him. When we started talking it felt like we have known each other forever. I could tell by his body language that he felt the same way. That was until he picked up his phone and I heard him talking to that woman." Evelyn said while fighting back the tears.
"You know, I know exactly what you are talking about. That is how I felt the very first time I met Scarlet back in middle school. But back then a boy did not date a younger girl. But I could never stop thinking of her. All I could do was ignore her. Then in high school Gavin told me that she was in love with me since middle school. He was picking on her for being in love with me for so long and I knew then we were meant to be. But by the time I built the courage to act on my feelings it was too late, it was graduation night and I was leaving in the fall for college. I didn’t want to give her hope and it not work out only because it would have been long distance. That would not have been fair to her or me."
"So what makes now so different that you want me to know how you feel? Aren’t you worried about what someone may think?"
Liam and Evelyn turn quickly to the door to see a very angry Scarlet standing there.
"Hell no I ain’t. If someone has something bad to think or say they can shove it up their ass. I want to be with you. Hell woman what do I have to do to make you see that? I love you Scarlet always have and always will. I want to marry your stubborn ass but you don’t give two shits about that. All it is to you is proving this or proving that. I don’t know what else I need to prove to you."
Liam got up and storms out of the room, slamming the front door. Scarlet stood there with tears running down her face and her body trembling, she really messed this up now because she was to hard headed to see that he really did love her. She heard him say it several times to her, but it wasn’t like when she just heard him tell her best friend that he was in love with her.
Then to hear him say that he wanted to marry her how the hell could she be so damn mean to him. Every one warned her not to be that stubborn that he would not deal with it for that long. Evelyn walks over to her and just hugs her. She doesn’t know what to do she has never had to deal with a broken heart before.
"Guess who I met tonight. Wyatt, you weren’t kidding when you said that I was going to find him sooner than I thought. Just didn’t know that he was going to be getting married."
Between all the tears Scarlet wipes her face and gathers herself before she speaks.
"What the hell do you mean getting married, I told him not to do it, that she is a gold digging bitch."
"Wow at least Liam was nicer at describing her to me."
"You told Liam?"
"I only asked about Wyatt. If he was a cheater because he was flirting with me in the kitchen like a single man until she called. I got pissed and walked out of the kitchen he came into my room and asked to talk. That’s when I slipped up and told him are you ready for this? ‘You have someone in your life and it may not be in your best interest to come into my room right now. Don’t think I could control myself. I may end up doing something that we both would regret.’
Scarlet’s jaw just drops.
"Well he said to me that he knew how I felt and I didn’t realize what he meant until I started talking to Liam. He is unhappy with her. Wanted to act on it but couldn’t because he is with her. And he is really not a cheater. I don’t know what to do now. My mom was right about knowing when you find that one. I felt complete with him when were in the kitchen talking and even when I was being a bitch to him in my room. Nothing else mattered not even the fact that he is going to ask her to marry him tomorrow night."
"Oh not if I have anything to do with it; or if I can even get him to postpone asking her, I really don’t like that bitch if you couldn’t tell."
Getting up from where she is sitting Scarlet looks for her phone, remembering that it was last in her room she heads there to get it. When she walks in she is hit with Liam’s smell. She forgot that he was lying in her bed and in her shower. "Damn how could I be so damn stupid, all I did was push him away. I should have stayed in the shower with him. I was ready for him to take me there. Why did I get out?"
Mentally beating herself up, Scarlet finds her phone and calls Wyatt. Chloe answers the phone.
"Hello" Trying to be nice and not cuss the heifer she asked for Wyatt.
"He is busy right now. Can I take a message?"
Losing her temper Scarlet says, "Yes you can you gold digging bitch, tell him that if he even considers what he plans I will make his life a living hell and thanks for the fun night. Oh yes one more thing, my name is Scarlet bitch."
With that she hung up and slammed her phone against the wall breaking it. Going back to bed pissed and heated for how her day went to hell in a fucking golden basket delivered by the devil himself. She tossed and turned all night. 
"Wyatt!" Chloe started screaming through the house. She finally finds him in his office with an ice pack on his face and one on his leg.
"What the hell happened to you?"
"I got my ass kicked by Scarlet."
"Speaking of that bitch she just called your cell phone, said that if you do what you are considering she will make your life a living hell, and thanks for the fun night. What the hell does she mean by that? You said that you were not cheating on me you bastard."
"Damn you that stupid? I said that I was not cheating and I am not. She said that because she does not like you. Scarlet tells me all the time that you are a gold digging bitch. But yet I always defend you from her and my brother. But I am not going to sit here any longer and let you accuse me of cheating on you when you are the one that is always out and screwing who the hell knows."
"I’m sorry baby, it’s just that I don’t want to lose you to anyone. You are my way of life. So what are you considering that she doesn’t want you to do?"
"Asking you to marry me, but don’t think I am ready to ask you. You need to find a way to make to me happy, make me feel like we belong together that you really do love me. Tell me that you love me Chloe."
Hesitating a moment and not being able to look at him when she says it, "I love you." Watching her say it and her body language he can see that she doesn’t but never says a word. He knows now that he will never have a chance at happiness with her. So he really needs to make a decision. Marry her or leave her and just be alone since Evelyn made it clear that she was not interested.
He thought that she was in the beginning then all of a sudden she was mean to him but he could see hurt in her eyes and didn’t like that knowing he was the one who caused it. But they just met that day how could it be like this already?
"Wyatt I said that I love you aren’t you going to say it back?"
He just stands up and walks out the door. "I am going to bed. Good night Chloe. And for future reference do not ever answer my cell phone again. Things are going to change around here trust when I say that." Slamming the office door he heads to the guest room and calls Scarlet back, but it went straight to voice mail.


Chapter 10

It has been several days since Scarlet has talked to Liam. Every time she has tried to call him she just hangs up. Wondering what she should do when Wyatt walks into the store. "Why won’t you answer your phone? I have been trying to call you for several days now."
"Shit that’s because after I talked to Chloe I threw my phone against the wall, it don’t work and I have not been in any hurry to fix it. No one I need to hear from or talk to." Scarlet said with a smile.
Wyatt gets frustrated that she would even say something like that to him.
"That’s some bullshit, I am someone very important in your life and you shut me out."
"Well your dumb donkey ass is going to ask Chloe to marry you when you know damn well that you are not happy with her. Why would you do that to yourself? You are better than that."
"I am not going to spend my life alone Scar. I would rather be unhappy and miserable then to be alone and you know that."
"Now that’s some bullshit. You know damn well that you will not end up alone. Remember our promise we made in high school?"
Thinking about it for a few minutes, Wyatt smiles from ear to ear.
"Shit I forgot all about that. We promised to each other that come your 30th birthday that if one of us was not married and the other was and was truly unhappy, that that person would get a divorce and we would marry each other. Or if we were both still single then we would get married. So that we would not grow old alone and knew that we would be happy."
"How could you forget that? I never forgot that and that’s why I never really bothered to look for Mr. Right since I already knew who it was which I have royally screwed that up the other night. So unless you marry Chloe looks like the two of us will be married in about four years. That is also unless you decide to leave Chloe behind and see what can happen between you and Evelyn.
"I know the two of you are perfect for another. Known for awhile now but I didn’t want to rush things figured that if it was meant to be you two would meet without me setting it up."
"She has already made it clear that she is not interested in me. I thought that she was until she kicked me out of her room."
"Do you know why she kicked you out?" Wyatt shaking his head no, Scarlet explains to him why Evelyn tossed him out. Feeling like an idiot he just sits there. Jumping up when the door opened. Scarlet looks up and it was Evelyn.
"Hey Evee, what’s going on?"
"Not much just an early day at school. Got a few kids coming down so I can read to them. Hello Wyatt, how are you?"
"I am good Evelyn how are you?"
"Just fine." Putting down her purse and heading to the kids sections Wyatt just sits there and looks at Scarlet.
"How is that interested in someone? She showed nothing towards me."
"Umm maybe because you are with someone."
"Oh yea, that. Guess I need to figure out what to do."
Walking over to Evelyn he stands next to her and grabs her arm spins her around so that she is facing him.
"I want to see something real quick before I decide where my life heading."
He kisses her, gentle at first then pulling her closer to him. She didn’t fight him at all she let him kiss her until he pulled away.
"Now I know that you felt that as much as I did. However, I never believed in love at first sight until the day that I saw you in front of here. My heart raced, my palms got sweaty and I didn’t even know who you were, I just knew that I had to be with you. But I believe that you have to get to know someone first. So why don’t we start off as friends and only friends. Nothing more and just see where we end up."
Evelyn just nods and puts her fingers over her lips that are now on fire from Wyatt’s kiss along with the rest of her body. She is not too sure what she just agreed to but she could not think straight either. Did he really just come up and kiss her like that with no regards to his girlfriend or anything else. Yes he did and she loved it and wants him to do it again but remembers him saying something about just being friends. Scarlet walks over to them and grabs Evelyn before she hits the floor.
"Damn Wyatt what did you do to her?"
"I kissed her and confirmed what I have been thinking what we both knew was happening. We are going to be friends and see where it takes us. I am not going to dump Chloe since that is not my style. I am allowed to have friends and that is what we are now."
"Yea, but don’t go around kissing them you fool."
"I know Scar, but I had to know if it was real what I was feeling that night. I have not stopped thinking of her since I left her room that night. I should have kissed her then."
"Hello, I am standing here and can hear the two of you talking about me. Yes he caught me off guard with that kiss and yes I felt it. I knew it that night at the kitchen table but then you answered you phone and I learned that you have a girlfriend. Not sure why, but I was hurt and jealous. So I went to my room then you followed me there, and that’s when I just wanted to jump on you and kiss you until you gave me everything that I want while I gave everything in return.
"I had to be a bitch and seem not interested or else you would have been a cheater that night and I couldn’t let you do that. I didn’t understand what you meant when you told me that you felt the same way until later that night. By then it was too late you were gone and I am not a home wrecker." Evelyn said as she wipes the tear that was rolling down her cheek.
Wyatt tries not to reach and wipe the tear that has fallen from Evelyn’s eye and let his breath out when she got to it first.
"So let’s be friends for now, and see if this is what we both believe it is. You can’t have a healthy relationship without having a strong friendship to start with, right?" Wyatt said to Evelyn and Scarlet.
"I agree with you, but no more kissing me like that. Next time I won’t let you stop there."
"Whoa Evee, when did you grow some balls and talk like that? You have always been shy and scared to say stuff like that. Guess finding the one you’re suppose to be with makes you be who you really are."
"What do you mean she is shy? Shy is something Evelyn has not been since the first time we talked. And I like that about her. She tells me what she thinks. How about lunch ladies my treat? Give us a chance to get to know one another Evelyn with supervision by Scarlet because right now I need some."
They look at each and agree silently before Scarlet speaks for them both. "Sounds good to us but we are taking you to where we love to go not no fancy cafe."
"That’s fine by me. Where ever you ladies want to go I will even drive."
Grabbing their things and closing the store with a note that says that they are out lunch be back within the hour. They all head out to Wyatt’s car. Making it to their favorite Cuban place right around the corner they all get out and find a table to sit at.
"So what’s good here?" Wyatt asks.
"Just about everything really. I like to eat the Cuban sandwich."Scarlet says.
"I like to eat the chicken and rice it is the best I have found besides my moms." Evelyn chimes in.
"Think I will try that then. You know a place like this is not nice to a waist line."
"We know that’s why we stay fit with exercise and self defense classes. Speaking of, how is your lip and your thigh Wyatt?"
"Much better Scarlet thanks for asking and a really big thanks for kicking my ass in front of Evelyn. She probably thinks now I won’t be able to protect her if I ever have to."
"No I don’t think that. And you never have to protect me Wyatt. I can do everything that Scarlet can but a little quicker. I was big into sports when I was younger and have always been in shape?"
"Well then remind me to never cross you two on a bad night in a dark alley. Don’t think I would make it out alive."
All of them are laughing when the waiter comes over to take their order. Looking up Evelyn’s face turns red. It is the waiter that they had a few weeks ago that was trying so hard to get her number. Not paying any attention he walks over to Evelyn's side of the table and talks directly to her. Wyatt seeing this is getting pissed.
"Excuse me, I am ready to place my order if you don’t’ mind."
"Sorry sir. What can I get for you?"
"I will have a glass of water with lemon and the chicken and rice." Evelyn says. "I will have the same please." Wyatt said with hate in his voice.
"Now you already know what I want the Cuban sandwich with sweet tea and two lemons. Now leave if you like living."
"Ok, I will return in a few minutes with your drinks."
Within a few minutes the waiter returned with the drinks and sat them down in front of Scarlet and Wyatt and carefully places Evelyn's in front of her with a big smile on his face. "So who was that? I say we start this friendship off on the right foot with honesty. I never asked you if you had a boyfriend or anything like that Evelyn."
"He is not my boyfriend, just someone who does not know how to take a hint. I would prefer him to stop hitting on me every time I come to eat. If the food was not so damn good I would stop coming here to eat. And I don’t have any kind of boyfriend but I do have a play buddy so to speak, something new just started recently."
"May I ask who it is?"
"Does a name really matter? If we become something more I will call it quits. And I do believe that you’re living with your fiancé' at this present time."
"Ah, you are correct. But you would stop if I left her and wanted to be with you?"
"That all depends on how I feel at the time. Remember we are in a friendship stage, nothing more. No more talking about being together and leaving people. I will not be the reason that you leave that; how does Scarlet put it gold digging bitch, is that clear?"
"Yes ma’am, I get that. And she is not my fiancée’, I never asked her to marry me after I met you. I asked her to do one thing for me to see how she was and if she truly means it and I could tell that she didn’t. So until she can prove that she does then there will be no wedding. And I am not giving her very long to prove it to me.
"She has until my birthday which is not that far away. And if I am right she won’t be able to prove it to me and I won’t feel guilty when I do leave her. I have been looking at my relationship all wrong and forgot about a very important promise I made to a friend in high school. So if it does not work out with you, I won’t be alone and either will she."
"Oh so I guess when you leave her it won’t because of me then? And when is your birthday I might have a birthday surprise for you that you will never forget."
"Wow, I am officially the third wheel and you two weren’t kidding when you said that you needed to be supervised. Don’t want you to rush into anything now do we? And heads up, the waiter is coming over." Scarlet says.
Wyatt quickly slides his chair closer to Evelyn putting his arm around her he leans into her and whispers in her ear. "This should make him think that we are together and maybe then he will stop hitting on you and you can eat in peace once again." Giggling she leans back into him and whispers in his ear. "Don’t ever whisper in my ear again like that unless you plan on kissing me afterwards and then making love to me. That just turned me on a little too much."
Pulling herself away from him, Wyatt is left there sitting speechless. Scarlet watches the waiter as he just puts down all the plates and walks off without a smile. He watched Evelyn and Wyatt whisper into each other ears and knew then that they were dating or so he thought. Eating their meal and laughing and giggling like kids in school they all had a good time.
Heading back to the store so that Scarlet can finish rearranging the store and Evelyn can read to the kids who would be waiting by now. When they get there Gavin is waiting by the door for Scarlet. "Can I talk to you sis?"
"Yea sure, what’s going on?"
"Liam, what did you do to him? He has gotten this careless attitude about him and is putting both his life and mine in danger on the job. I love my job I know it’s not a safe one, but he is making it worse. So tell me what did you do?"
"I screwed up is what I did and I don’t know how to fix it without going to him to beg him to forgive me. And you and I both know I am not going to do that. When he is ready to talk he knows where to find me, I promise I won’t be mean to him I will talk to him. Tell him that I am sorry and want to work this out. But I am not going to beg him to forgive me. We both made mistakes. We went about all this all wrong. So pass that along to him. And he can’t call because I don’t have my cell phone. I broke it that night I was pissed at the world."
"I am not your messenger boy but since this clearly involves my life I will tell him. But I do know that he is tired of chasing after you, so good luck trying to get him to come back to you."
"So I really messed it up this time, he is done with me?"
"That is not what I said. What I said is that he is done chasing after you. It’s your turn to prove yourself to him."
"Gotcha there, thanks Gavin for everything."
"No prob sis, since I was part in Liam not telling you in high school how he felt about you. Feel that I need to do something to help now."
*****
A few more weeks had passed and still nothing from Liam. Scarlet has replaced her phone and there has not even been a text message from him. Not once, nothing. Deciding that she was not going to beg she put down her phone and got her book that she started weeks before that she never really got to read. Shortly after starting to read she fell asleep, something she has not got much of as of late. Feeling someone getting her in bed she didn’t bother to wake up just figured she was dreaming again. Before she knew who it was, they were naked next to her wrapping their arms around her.
Opening her eyes when she realizes that the body heat was too real to be a dream, attempting to jump out of her bed but she couldn’t move. Whoever it was held her tight like they knew she would freak out. She turns her head to see Liam lying next to her. Calming herself down and finding her voice before she speaks not trusting it much but knew she had to say something to him.
"Umm hi, what are you doing in my bed naked?"
"I miss you Scarlet and I couldn’t face you. I was mean to you and you were mean to me. This is how that night should of been a few weeks ago. I should of never gotten out of your bed. Should of stayed with you and let you be mad at me the next morning for being in your bed. That would of been easier to ge...."
Scarlet kisses him to shut him up. "I was mad because when I did wake up you weren’t there. I knew that you were still in bed after the shower. I wanted you to stay, why do you think I rolled over to face you and cuddle up next to you? I wanted to wake up next to you in your arms with the intentions of making love to you sometime in the middle of the night. But you were gone. I found you in my roommate's room talking about me. It hurt me that you left me to go talk to her about me. What was I suppose to think. When I first came down the hall and heard your voice coming from her room I was furious at both of you. Hell was about to fall on both of you. But then I started listening to you two talk about true love and love at first sight and knew than that you were not flirting with her."
"Scarlet, I would never purposely hurt you again. If I do it would be a complete accident. And I would do everything I could do to make it up to you."
"Just one question which is one I should of asked after I asked what you were doing in my bed is how did you get into my house to get into my bed?"
"Oh, yea, guess I better explain that. Evelyn let me in before she left. She knew that I wanted to talk to you but wanted to do it alone. However I chickened out once I got into the house and was sitting on the couch with the hopes that you would just walk out into the living room. After two hours and you didn’t come out I came into your room and there you were sleeping so peaceful so I decided to crawl into bed next to you. When I realized that you were going to freak out, I didn’t want to be punched or kneed I held you tight until you seen that it was me.
"I am going about us all wrong. I want to be your best friend Scarlet and I want you to be mine. I want to know every little non important detail about you. But I want to start where we left off the last time we were in bed together if that is ok with you."
"Liam?"
"Yes baby girl"
"I love you."
"I know, and I love you, always have and always will from here on out and no one will ever change that. So what do you want to know about me?"
"Everything; what you love what you hate; your biggest secrets and fears. Everything that you want to share with me."
Scarlet slipping out of her clothes and cuddling up next to him started talking about everything. They stayed like this for several hours when Scarlet said that she was hungry. Looking at the clock it is 2:30 in the morning. Laughing at the time they both get up to put on some clothes. However Scarlet just put on a robe while Liam found his basketball shorts that he came over in. Walking out to the kitchen they were not expecting to see Evelyn and Wyatt in there.
"So this is odd." Wyatt said looking at his brother.
"Yup just a tad if I must say." Evelyn said.
"What are you two doing up at this hour?" Scarlet said looking back and forth between Evelyn and Wyatt.
"We could ask you two the same but from the looks of it we already know." Evelyn said with a laugh. "At least we are dressed and in the kitchen talking."
"Liam and I were in my room talking when we got hungry. Now if you will excuse us we are going to find something to eat and go back to my room. Oh and Wyatt what do you want for your birthday since it is only a week away?"
"Well that’s not fair you never asked me what I wanted for my birthday."
"That’s because I already know what I am giving you Liam."
"I know what I want and I think I am close to getting it." Wyatt said while looking at Evelyn. Who in return just smiles at Wyatt.
"My guess is it is something that I cannot give to you."
"Ah, but see you already have."
"Well this is awkward once again. I am going back to my room, talk to you two in the morning. Good night Evelyn and Wyatt."
"Good night Scarlet and Liam. And if possible keep it down we don’t want to listen to you guys all night long." Evelyn said still looking at Wyatt.
After Scarlet and Liam made their escape back into the room the two of them just started laughing. "Is that what we look like to other people? Love sick puppy dogs?" Liam asked her while wrapping his arms around her waist locking his fingers in between hers. "Umm not love sick puppies, but two people who know what they want and finally went after it."
"So you gonna to tell me what you are getting me for my birthday?"
"Now if I do then it won’t be a surprise."
"I hate surprises, and I hate waiting for anything that is from you."
"But you are waiting for sex from me and you don’t seem to have a problem with that."
"That is different, I respect you and your body very much and I am not going to push you into that and not just because you are a virgin either. I want you to know that I love you and your body."
He said with a wink. Scarlet pushes away from him and heads to her bathroom. Dropping her robe just a few feet in front of him he slowly follows her into the bathroom.


Chapter 11

Dropping his shorts on the way to that bathroom Liam walks up behind Scarlet and whispers next to her cheek.
"Just because you are not ready to make love to me doesn’t mean I cannot shower with you."
"That was the point for you to shower with me. I enjoyed having you in here with me the last time. I like to feel your body next to mine it feels right in so many ways."
Getting in the shower Scarlet turns to face him, he slides his hands down her back and pulls her close. Standing there for several minutes before Liam bent down running his fingers across her lower lip and kisses her softly biting her top lip just enough to make her moan his name into his mouth.
"Liam?"
"Scarlet?"
"I love this right now. Not feeling forced but wanting to do so much more. Liam I want you to take me right here and right now."
"I can’t Scarlet not yet. I want to but I really don’t think you are ready for me. I want you to know everything about me, to see the good days and the bad days. Not to rush into this just because it feels oh so damn good right now. And it does and I am using every ounce of strength I have not to slide into you."
"But Liam I am telling you to. And where better to do it then in the shower? I want to feel you inside of me, all around me. Every where I am right now."
"How about this?" Liam says as he runs his hands over her body.
Kissing her neck, Liam turns off the water and picks her up. Getting out of the shower he takes her to the counter. With one hand he cleans off the counter with one quick swipe. Setting Scarlet down Liam slides down on his knees while pushing hers open. Pulling her to the edge of the counter so that he can have better access he gently kisses the inside of her thigh. Moaning softly she wraps her fingers around the edge of the counter not knowing what else to expect.
Looking up at her and seeing her head bent backwards and her back arched he can see that she is enjoying this. He pulls her slick folds apart and licks her with just enough pressure to make her moan again. Sucking and licking feeling her legs twitch Liam knows that she is balancing on the edge. With one final hard suck in just the right place she loses all control begging, "Oh hell Liam, don’t stop."
Listening to her he continues to lick her wanting to be in her so bad he just pulls away and stands up in front of her. Wrapping her legs around his waist he carries her to the bed. Sitting there with his head buried in her chest and fighting the urge to lose his self control, he does not move and does not say a word. Scarlet just sits there panting and holding him tight. That was the first time she has ever experienced an orgasm like that or of any kind for that matter. Feeling how hard he is pressed against her now very wet hot spot she lets go of him.
"Liam, look at me. I am feeling like I did something wrong."
"No baby girl, it was me who was wrong. I should of never did anything with you yet. I wanted it to be perfect our first time, and right now I am fighting the urge to be in you."
"And if that was wrong then please show me what is right. There was nothing wrong with what you did. I really loved it if you can’t tell."
Scarlet grinds on him showing him how much she did enjoy what he did. Letting go of his tight grip on her she starts kissing him. Pushing him backwards and sliding off his lap to the floor she is now kneeling in front of him. Liam tries to grab her but she is too fast. Kissing his lower stomach all he could do was lay there. Exploring his body with her hands knowing this is the first time she has ever been this low on any man she did not want to miss a thing on him.
Wrapping her small hands around him and shocked at the size as she strokes him up and down and just watching him in amazement at how much harder he got. Deciding to push him over the edge like he did to her, she slides his hard shaft into her mouth. Finding her rhythm, watching him from the top of her eyes she can see that she is doing it right. Moaning her name over and over until he finally is at his breaking point. Not wanting him to finish in her mouth she strokes him until he loses all control. Reaching down for Scarlet, Liam pulls her on top of him and holds her close. "Scarlet, Scarlet, Scarlet. Where in the world did my baby girl learn how to do that?"
"Umm nowhere, that was my first time. I was just watching you to see what you liked and what you didn’t as much. That wasn’t brain science."
"I can’t believe that you just did that. But why?"
"Because I wanted to, didn’t know I had to have a reason. I was planning on doing it in the shower but before I knew it I was on the counter in my own paradise with you."
"I can say that I am beyond paradise. If that’s what you can do now I can’t even imagine what it will be like to make love to you all the time."
"That will have to wait for another time, Liam right now I am extremely tired. Since it is going on 5am and we both have to be up in an hour and half for work."
"Sounds good to me, and Scarlet."
"Yes, Liam"
"I love you, baby girl." Scarlet was not sure if she just heard him right, "What did you say?"
"I love you baby girl." Smiling at him Scarlet stretches up and kisses Liam, whispering in his ear, "I love you too."
Holding Scarlet close he promises to himself that no body would ever hurt her again especially him.
The next morning Scarlet came out her room to find Evelyn and Wyatt asleep on the couch. Waking them up since she knew that Evelyn was running late for work. Looking at the two of them curled up on the couch together just seemed right and like it should be. They are getting to know each other. Learn what they like and don’t like. Since Scarlet has known them both she has knew that would be a perfect match and wonders why she never introduced them before.
Just then she hears a cell phone going off she picks it up seen that it was Chloe. She called Wyatt over 30 times throughout the night and her guess is that he never once picked it up to talk to her. By next week he would be done with the gold digging bitch. "Evelyn, you know that it is 6:45 in the morning and you are running late." Finding some joy in telling her this, Scarlet steps back and watches Evelyn jump off the couch which in return dumps Wyatt on the floor. Scarlet is laughing so hard at the scene that is unfolding in front of her. Wyatt trying to get up off the floor while Evelyn checks herself to make sure she has clothes. Scarlet did not want to know what was going on with them last night that she had to check herself like that.
"Damn you Scarlet how could you wake me up like that? Had me freaking the hell out."
"What were you two up to last night that you had to check to make sure you had clothes on?"
"Nothing at all. We were watching TV and we fell asleep." Wyatt said looking for his phone and keys.
"I got to get going Chloe called me 30 times last night. Just giving her a taste of her own medicine." Hugging both of the girls he leaves them to have their girl talk that he knows they will have.
"So Evee, what’s going on with you guys? That didn’t look like friends to me."
"We were talking and he told me that he didn’t plan on going to bed. And since I already know that I want to jump his bones more than any man ever. Thought it safer to stay out here. Didn’t want to get caught doing anything out here and knew that nothing would happen any ways. Now tell me about you and Liam. I heard him last night what did you do to him?"
"What you mean you heard him? I did not do a thing to him." Scarlet trying to hide her blushing cheeks
"It wasn’t a thing that she did to me, it was heaven and earth. And I would love to know where she learned that one little trick from." Liam said as he came out of the room. Walking over to Scarlet he kisses her gently and then heads to the kitchen. Evelyn tapping her foot in disapproval manner just like her mother, Scarlet speaks up to defend herself now that Liam ran his mouth and she was going to make him pay for that.
"It was all oral, no intercourse I swear to you. He started it in the bathroom on me and I finished it in the bed on him and the little trick he is talking about is I gently bit him on the bottom part of the tip. Don’t know what made me do it, but he loved it every time that I did. And that is why you most likely heard him."
"Oh my god Scarlet and you said that you were a virgin! I can’t believe that you went down on him before even having sex."
"Hey if someone would have told me a long time ago that I could feel like that without ever having sex then I would of done that already! And I am still a virgin just told you that. Going down on him it seemed so natural, like I didn’t have to think about what I was doing. I just watched him and how he responded. I saw what he likes and didn’t like which wasn’t much and that’s how it went. Then after that we both went to sleep. But I will tell you this I love showering with him."
"Ok now you have given me too much information. So what are going to get Liam for his birthday? I say that we throw them both a party here. Just us since I already know what Wyatt wants."
"What is it that he wants?"
"Me" Evelyn said with shear confidence.
"Well aren’t we being a bit cocky?"
"No Scarlet I am not, he told me. Said that if she doesn’t prove to him that she loves him and there is only one thing that she has to do by his birthday then he is done with her. And we can be together."
"Does that bother you at all, that you have to wait for him to get over this bitch that he has been with for the past four years? Not trying to come in between you, just want to know your thinking of it."
"See in the beginning it did. But once I actually thought about it, it has been better with her there we cannot just jump into bed and screw. We have spent the past several weeks just talking. Going to lunch watching movies spending real time together to get to know one another. And do you know he did not freak out when I told him that I was preschool teacher. And that I did want kids but only two. He wants the same things out of life that I want."
"I am so happy to hear that! I was worried that gold digging bitch would get in the way and you would decide that he wasn’t worth your time. Now what if she does prove what he wants by next Thursday? What then?"
"Then I guess that it wasn’t really meant to be. Only time will tell."
"Have you told your mom about him yet?"
"Hell no, she would flip out to know that I have found him, been talking to him and that he is currently involved with someone else. Not ready for her to ruin what we have going yet."
"Your right there, so I will be very careful not to say a word to my mom. Now what about Gavin, what you going to do about him? Did you tell Wyatt that you slept with Gavin?"
"Didn’t tell him who, but told him that I had a friend on the side. We have already discussed that the past stays in the past. And I have not been with him since that one night. Also Gavin has only sent one text to see how I was the next day, so why bother? We talked that one night and already made it clear it was sex and sex only. If one of us found someone else no need for a good bye, just friends no awkwardness between us."
"That’s good. Hope all works out I have to go shower and get ready for work. Should be busy day, Mondays always are. Talk to you later."
Looking for Liam in the kitchen who was no longer there she headed to her bedroom not there either. Mad that he left without saying good bye she goes to the bathroom drops her robe and pulls back the shower curtain and screams. Liam is standing there waiting on her. Laughing that he scared her he grabs her arm and pulls her into the shower before turning on the cold water which makes her scream again and this time she hits him in the chest. Fixing the water and pretending to be mad at him, Scarlet showers without looking at Liam and gets out. 
Following behind her he gets his clothes kisses her good bye and walks out the door. Finishing up, Scarlet yells good bye to Evelyn as heads out the door. Feeling her phone go off in her purse she digs for it, without looking at it she opens it and says hello.
"Hello my sweet redhead, been to long since i hear your voice. What you doing?"
"Oh not too much, I see that you need a few more ribs broken."
"Don’t be mean, I’m callin’ to tell ya that I love you, and just because we ain’t talked in two months ain’t mean that I have forgot about you. Remember what I said to you. You will be mine."
All she heard after that was dead silence which bothered her more. Feeling in her purse again she found her can of mace and shakes it, still full and ready to use. "Let that donkey ass come near me. He won’t know what hit him."
Going about her day like nothing was wrong she lets her guard down. Falling into the groove of things she does not notice the black SUV sitting outside her store most of the day. Locking up she heads home. Now noticing the black SUV following her she turns left at the next light and goes to police station knowing that both Gavin and Liam are working late on some drug dealer case. The black SUV follows her all the way there. Getting out of her car, her phone rings, answering it, again it is Jason.
"Why ain’t you home my sweet redhead?"
"I had to take a detour home first. Don’t think I will be making it tonight so sorry."
"You want to play it like that, I’m gonna play like this, if you ain’t here within the hour say goodbye to ya pretty roommate who looks tasty in her little baby doll nightgown. Do ya understand?"
"Let me make myself clear, if you touch her, I will hunt you down and cut your dick off with a very dull knife and shove it down your throat so far you will be able to piss out your ass. Do we understand now?"
"Try me bitch." And he hung up.
Not only does she have this black SUV following her but she has that crazed asshole outside her house threatening Evelyn. Thinking for a quick minute she decides to head home. She needs to get to Evelyn now, forgetting to call Liam, Gavin and Wyatt, she races home. The black SUV stays on her tail trying to lose it she takes the long way home but at high speed. Reaching the house she notices that the lights are on but no movement inside which is not normal.
Especially this past month and half Wyatt has been there every night with Evelyn. Pulling into the driveway and slamming the car in park she jumps out the car. Looking around she can see Jason across the street, who just waves at her. Rushing into the house and screaming for Evelyn, getting no answer she is nowhere to be found and the house is destroyed. Looking into every room and notices the wall. Falling into an even bigger panic she races to her room. Lying on her bed is a skimpy piece of lingerie, a black rose and a note.
Feeling the panic become stronger her lunch is threatening to make an appearance. Making her way back to living room she sees Evelyn's bat laying on the floor. Now really bothered knowing now that something bad happened to Evelyn she runs to the kitchen. As she walks into the kitchen she catches someone out the corner of her eye before she knew it she is hit in the head, Scarlet falls to the floor and blacks out.


Chapter 12

Gavin is telling Liam and the guys about the girl he was with the night before. "I'm telling you I have never seen titties on a woman like this before. Even flat on her back they didn’t move. She tried to tell me that they were real."
"Then why did you mess with her?" One of the other detectives said.
"Duh dumbass the titties didn’t move, that was the best titty fuck I have had in a long ass time!" Gavin said laughing and proud of himself. "Damn man when are you going to grow up and find someone to start some kind of relationship with?" Liam asks.
"Umm didn’t know that I had to. Just because you are now dating my sister you have grown up? Hey I am happy for you but not all of us can be in love with the same person since high school and I do believe that not that long ago you were one of us. Is that what love does to someone?"
"I will have to agree with Liam there, you need to grow up Gavin."
"And what gives you the right to... Oh hey Captain. Guess you do have the right to say so huh?"
"You know it. Just thought that I would tell you while you guys are in here blasting on about what chic you hooked up with last night you missed the black SUV sitting in the parking lot. Great detective work if I must say. Now get the hell out of my station and do your damn job that you are paid to do."
"Yes Sir" They all said at once. Getting up they all grabbed their guns and badges and walk out the door. Liam and Gavin get into the car when Wyatt calls.
"What’s up Wy?"
"Have you guys heard from the ladies? I have called Evelyn for the past 6 hours and nothing. I know that I did nothing to piss her off or Scarlet and neither one of them are answering their phones."
"Come to think of it, I sent Scar a text about 4 hours ago and she never answered me. I just at first thought that she was busy or something but it is going on mid night. I should have heard back from her by now."
Liam explains all this to Gavin who turns the car around and heads to the girls house while calling his mom just to see if they are over there. They are not.
"Ok Wyatt, we are going to their house can you meet us there and if you get there before we do, do not go inside. Something is not right and I can feel it. I have felt off for the past several hours just thought that it was the food I ate."
"No problem man and so do I. It all started around 4:30pm when I knew Evelyn would be off of work I normally call her around 5pm which I did but she didn’t answer. I felt like I got stabbed in the chest and all my lazy ass was doing was lying on the couch with Lanta."
"See that’s how I felt but I put mine to gas. Think it’s a sixth sense that we got going here, like when one of us gets hurts the other always knows and can feel the pain as well?"
"As strange as that sounds but yes. The more time I spend with Evelyn the closer I get to her."
"I know what you mean. Ok we are on their street. See you when you get here ok never mind I see you now pulling up."
Gavin taps Liam to get his attention to point out that the lights are on, Scarlet and Evelyn's cars are in the drive way. With caution they get out of the car with their guns drawn and go to enter the house. The front door is still locked they head to the backdoor and when they get there it has been broken into. Carefully and quietly walking into the house they go through the kitchen when Liam sees the blood on the floor.
Freaking out but keeping calm he shows it to Gavin who cringes when he sees it. Walking down the hall into Scarlet's room first, there is no one there. Going to Evelyn's room now which is tossed to hell. Obvious that there was a major fight in there, and there was blood on the far wall. Not a lot but enough to cause alarm. Both men just look at each other when Liam pulls out his phone and calls for crime scene and back up. 
Wyatt came rushing to the back door when he sees Liam and Gavin come out without the girls and disgusted looks on their faces. Trying to get inside but Gavin won’t let him inside because it is now a crime scene. Not wanting to tell Wyatt what has happened he walks away shaking his head. Wyatt getting very pissed off that no one will talk to him he finally manages to get inside the house and sees the blood both in the kitchen and in Evelyn's room. Running back outside he finds Liam who is sitting behind a tree slumped over and crying.
"I promised her and myself that I was not going to let anything or anyone harm her, and I failed. She deserves someone who can protect her and I can't, fuck man, I am a damn cop and I couldn’t keep the woman I love safe. What the hell kind of man am I?"
"Look at me damn it, I promised Evelyn that she never had to worry about another thing in her life besides being happy. One more week and we would be together, I want her back and I am going to find who ever has them there is not enough blood there for them to be dead so that means that they are still alive and we are going to find them, I love her Liam and she makes me happy. Something I never thought that I would ever find. So you either get off your ass find our women or I will shoot you myself."
Knowing that Wyatt is right Liam gets off dust himself off puts his gun in it’s holster and heads back to the house. He is going to find them no matter what it takes, he wants Scarlet back and who did this he wants dead.   
Finally coming to, Scarlet has a major headache and can feel her hair is wet and matted. Going to reach for her head she can’t move. Freaking out she starts to scream, hearing her echo she realizes that no one can hear her no matter how hard she screams. Trying to slow her heart and calm her panic she starts to look around. She is in a cement room, no windows, one door that looks metal and heavy and something over in the corner balled up or maybe tied up she can’t really see.
There is no light in the room and it is pitch black. Trying to get her eyes to adjust to the darkness, she notices what is in the corner starts to move. Feeling her panic raise again she pulls herself together still trying to figure out what happened to her. She remembers the SUV following her home from work and Jason calling her. "Damn Jason, he set me up, he already had Evelyn but where is she? I saw the blood in her room on the wall wonder if it is hers or his."
Feeling a cold chill to her body she notices that she is in nothing but a T shirt and a pair of lace panties, not even her T shirt and panties. Freaking out even more since she couldn’t move not sure if whoever took her raped her as well. Moving her legs around she notices that she is not sore so she could not have been raped, or at least she is praying that she has not. Looking into that corner again what is over there is trying real hard to move now. Taking a chance she quietly says Evelyn's name.
"Scarlet is that you? Please tell me that is you in this room with me."
"It is me Evelyn, are you ok?"
"No, I am not ok; I think my leg is broken. Are you ok Scarlet?"
"My head hurts really bad and it is bleeding. I am missing my clothes that I had on."
Doing what she can to check herself over Evelyn can tell that she is still in her baby doll nightgown that she was in when she was attacked.
"Evee, can you tell me what happened to you?"
"I don't remember much after he hit me in the leg with my bat but not before I caught him in the head with it. I hit him he hit the wall and I took off running. When I got to living room he came up from behind me and hit my leg and I hit the table and the lamp, I know that my arm is busted open too. What do you remember?"
"I was going to the police station because I was being followed by a black SUV, when I got there Jason called me and told me that he was sitting outside the house and wanted to know why I wasn't home yet. Panicking now because he is threatening you I left the police station and race home. Little did I know that the black SUV was following me and that he already had you before he even called. I didn't even think to call Liam or anyone, so no one knows that we are missing." Scarlet explained to Evelyn.
"How long have we been down here, and that wasn't Jason I was fighting in the house, he seemed taller but I am not 100% sure. That guy had on all black from head to toe. I couldn’t really tell who it was."
"That’s ok I have a very good idea on who it is and what he wants."
"How can you be so sure on who it is?"
"One because we aren’t famous, and second we ain’t rich. So that counts out ransom or random kidnapping."
"You got a point there. We will get out of the alive and together I promise that one. If I can figure out how to untie my hands then I can do the rest. How are you tied up Evee?"
"Just my hands behind my back tied to my feet. I can move around but don’t think I can undo my hands unless." Wiggling around carefully and painfully Evelyn manages to get her feet free but that only tightened the ropes on her hands. Getting pissed off now, she starts cussing.
"Evee it is ok, like I said we will get out of here alive. They will find us I believe in Liam and Gavin. They are good cops."
"Yea they are, how do we know that they even know we are missing Scar?"
"Trust me, I can guarantee that they know by now. Liam and I talk every day all day long, we text back and forth. I am sure that he has noticed that I have not text him in who knows how long."
"I guess so, didn’t think of that. I am sure that Wyatt has noticed as well, he calls me every day at 5pm sharp and today I didn’t answer."
Praying now silently to the heavens above that Scarlet and herself is found soon. She wants to be back in Wyatt's arms even if they are just friends. That is the only person she can think of right now. Scarlet trying hard not to cry losing all control and just lets her tears fall. Fighting the ropes trying to get out but only making it worse she finally succumbs to sleep as does Evelyn.
*****
Sitting back at the police station trying to piece together the girls’ night, Liam is restless and pissed off. Having a hard time focusing and cussing himself for letting this happen after he promised that nothing would ever happen to Scarlet again. Liam wants to see if Wyatt has heard anything from any one since he has some powerful connections with his social status, but nothing has come up.
Slamming his phone he turns to Gavin who is just staring at the wall looking lost and as white as a ghost. He walks over to him and puts his hand on his shoulder.
"We will find them man I swear to you we will find them both. I will not sleep or stop until I do. I love Scarlet more than anything and I am not going to lose her now."
"She told me Liam, told me several months ago about that dude and I blew her off, now look she is missing and I get to tell mom about it and that I knew she was being stalked."
"Yo stop beating yourself up Gav, Jason has not been around since the day she beat him with the bat."
"How do we know he wasn’t back to stalking her? She is head strong and stubborn. Knowing her thinking she probably thought that since she beat him once she was safe from him and could deal with it herself."
"We don’t know that it was him. It could have been any one. Shit man look at the case we are working. Some of the biggest drug dealers have it out for us. All it takes it just one time for them to see the girls with us and they were put in the middle of it. We knew that the Cuban Angles were nothing to mess with but we took the case anyways."
"That’s because at the time neither one of us has a woman and I barley hung out with my sister."
"What about the Cuban Angels?"
Sings a sweet female Spanish voice from the other side of the room. All of the guys turn to see this goddess of a woman standing there. A beautiful caramel colored skin, legs that lead to heaven, lips that are perfect for kissing. The biggest of brown eyes that will swallow you up in them when you look into them. Shoulder length brownish red hair with a slight curl to it that frames her round face. Gavin being the first to stand to greet her walks over to her and ushers her to sit in his chair.
"Who are you and what do you want?" Liam asked.
"I need to talk to someone about something."
"And what is it that you want to talk about?" Gavin said with his charming smile. "Umm, can’t we go somewhere where it is safer I do not want to talk out here in the open with everyone listening and looking at me?"
"Of course there is. I will take you to the witness room. No one will know that you are in here. Just one thing, what do you know about the Cuban Angels?"
"Nothing, I just heard of them before."
With fear in her eyes when she says it, both Gavin and Liam seen it and knows that she is lying,  putting her into an interview room, and watch her through the glass. She is scared of something but they are not sure of what.
"She knows about the Cuban Angels one way or another also she seems to be scared of them. I will offer her my protection and see if I can get her to open up." "Sounds good to me, want me in there with you Gavin?"
"No, you are still pissed off and it is pouring off you like an angry rhino walking with diarrhea."
"Well that’s a new one. I am going to go outside for some air, see if I can find Wyatt and do some asking around town."
"Ok, I talk to her to see what her problem is, if it is worth anything I will call you."
"We will find them Gavin I swear to it."
"I know, just hope it’s in time Liam."
Getting paper and a pen Gavin goes back into the room. Sitting across the table from Adriana just stares at her. Not because he is trying to scare her but he does not trust his voice. To him she is the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. Feeling his heart race he finally gathers his voice and speaks to her.
"Let’s start with our names. I am Detective Gavin Jones and the other man that was with me is my partner Detective Liam Williams."
"Adriana Gonzales,"
"Ok that is a start. What is it that you wanted to tell me?"
"Are you sure that I am safe here?"
"I promise you that I personally will not let anything happen to you."
Hesitant at first but feeling safe with Gavin she opens up to him. "I know information about those two women that are missing. I know who took them."
Feeling his blood boil but trying to keep it cool, not wanting to scare Adriana, He thinks before he opens his mouth.
"What two women and who took them Adriana?"
"The ones that you are looking for, I have seen you outside their house. I know that you know them personally."
"I do, one is my sister and the other one is her best friend. But how do you know that?"
"I live down the street from them. And I was outside when I seen a guy in all black walk into the back of the house around 4:45pm and when he came back out he was carrying one of the girls. Within 30 minutes the redheaded woman showed up and he did the same thing to her."
"And why didn’t you call the cops then? It has been 7 1/2 hours since they disappeared, they could be dead by now."
"Because I know who took them and I was scared for my life, He works for my uncle."
"So your uncle has something to do with the kidnapping of these two ladies?"
"I am not sure but if that guy was the one doing it then there is a great chance that he does."
"I see why you were scared to call the cops. Listen I am sorry about yelling before. But it is my sister and there is no reason for either one of those girls to be taken unless your uncle is…." Gavin stops in mid sentence with the realization of what he was about to say.
"If you are going to say part of the Cuban Angels, you are right, I also seen one of his black SUVs following the redhead home but no one ever got out."
"So you’re telling me that it was your uncle that had them kidnapped?"
"I don’t know if it was him directly because the guy that took them he is crazy but he does work for my uncle."
"Do you know his name? What he looks like and what he drives?"
"I don’t know his name, but he is in his late thirties, brown eyes, shaggy brown hair, always has on a baseball hat and just plain weird. He was driving a white work van that I can guarantee was stolen and he most likely got rid of it already."
"If I show you some pictures will you be able to point him out for me?"
"Yes." Adriana said to Gavin trying to hold back her tears.
Leaving the room he goes and prints off a bunch of random pictures of several men that look alike. Going back into the room to where Adriana is sitting she is no longer alone. Slamming the door behind him he can see that she is scared of whoever is sitting in front of her.
"Excuse me you can not be in here." The man turning around is one of the other detectives that works with him, one that he has known for years Detective Jorge Cruz.
"I was just talking to Adriana, we grew up together and I have not seen her in years, was asking her what she was doing here. Said that someone broke into her house and stole her prescription medicines."
"Yea that’s right. So if you don’t mind please leave so we can finish up."
"You know Gavin I can take this case since you are busy looking for your sister." Jorge said to him but never taking his eyes off of Adriana.
"Now you and I both know that I cannot work on my sister’s case since we are related. So I will take care of this one."
"Whatever man and Adriana I will be talking to you later."
Shaking her head she keeps her eyes on Gavin who is standing in between them now, shielding her from Jorge. "Please give me one more second I am going to my desk to call the captain, you will be able to see me and I will be able to see you as well. I will not let Jorge near you since you are obviously scared of him."
Shaking her head again and still never taking her eyes off of Gavin she watches him pick up his phone and talk quickly into it. Returning shortly back to the room, he hands her the pictures of the men. Without any doubt or hesitation she picks out the guy that she saw.
"Thank you Adriana and you are sure that is the man that did this?" 
"He seen me when he took the redhead and I looked right into those eyes, he is going to know that it was me that came to the cops and he is going to tell my uncle. My uncle does not take sympathy on any one, not even family."
"Listen I don’t think that your uncle had anything to do with this. This man that you pointed out to me has been stalking my sister for the past several months. And if you are sure that it was him then I know why he took her and she is in more danger than you can think of right now."
"I am so sorry I waited so long to come here. I just don’t want to cross my uncle for any reason. I keep my distance I do not want anything to do with him or what he does. And by the sound of it before you already know what he does but having a hard time getting people to flip on him or when you do they disappear."
"Yes we are, apparently he keeps his hands clean. As for Detective Cruz, why were you scared of him?"
"He is my brother's best friend. And is close with my uncle if you know what I mean. He was in here asking if I was ratting on my uncle. I told him no, that someone broke into my house and stole my medicine."
"Now knowing your uncle, will he not send someone to your house to check out your story?"
"Oh he will, and that’s why I busted out my back window and ransacked my house before I left here. So if someone does go there it looks like someone did break in and I do not have any medicine to steal. But they will chalk it up to be a crack head or something and leave me alone again."
"Wow you are smart and beautiful. Wish we met under a different situation." "Are you flirting with me Detective Jones?"
"Yes I am, sorry about that."
"That’s ok, I don’t get out much, so I am enjoying the flirting. Really do wish that we met under different circumstances. I would love to get to know you."
"How about this, I did offer my protection, I will do that and once all this is taken care of I can maybe take you out to lunch or something?"
"Maybe," She said with a smile.
Still smiling at him, not knowing why but with him she feels safe and can be herself. Not the scared little girl that came in here an hour ago.
"Ok I need to call my partner and tell him what you said. We know where to look for him at. Thank you again. Would you like to me to bring you home?"
"I drove myself. But you can follow me just in case someone is still there checking my house."
"Just let me grab my stuff and I will be right there."
Calling Liam he tells him everything that Adriana just said. Tells him that he was following her home and will explain why in the car because there are flies on the walls here and he needed to be careful of what is said. Following close behind her he calls Liam back.
"Yo man, when I left her sitting in the room so that I could go get some photos of suspects, Cruz went in there, I could see that she was scared of him. So I called the captain without him knowing and told him. I asked her how she knew him and she said that he is her brother’s best friend and close to her uncle."
"And, what does that have to with Scarlet and Evelyn?"
"It really doesn’t, guess I should tell you that her uncle is in the Cuban Angels. Which means that Cruz is part of them as well. You know that they have their hands in every government branch they can. He is a dirty cop."
"Which explains why every time we got someone to flip they disappeared shortly after. But not Jason and he flipped on them." Liam said.
"He wasn’t working the night we brought him and no one outside of you, me and the captain knew about Jason flipping on the Cuban Angels."
"So it seems Gavin that we have a rat within the house. What are we gonna do about that? Do you think that they had anything to do with the kidnapping?"
"I really don’t think so, Adriana told me that she seen him get into a white van and that a Cuban Angels' black SUV was following Scarlet home. So no I don’t think so. I think he took them to get what he wanted. He kept saying he was going to get her one way or another, and I think he got his another."
"So that nasty fucker has the love of my life who knows what the hell he is doing to her and I can’t find her to keep her safe, I am going to kill him Gavin I promise you that."
"You can’t kill him, but I think I have a way to do it without it being on our hands. Let’s just worry about finding them first."
"Fine but I want both of them back unhurt and I want them back as soon as possible."
"We will find her, and Evelyn. I promise. At least we know where to start looking."
"Gavin, you keep that girl safe with you, I see potential there."
Finally making it to her house which is four houses down and on the opposite side of the street from Scarlet and Evelyn's house Gavin checks his surroundings. Seeing that she had a clear view of the back door to their house he makes a mental note. Grabbing his equipment he pretends to collect evidence. Spotting the black SUV down the street in front of Scarlet's house he text Liam to tell him to watch his back when he shows up at the house and to check into the black SUV. 


Chapter 13

Liam and Wyatt are together when Gavin calls, Wyatt is still raging from everything that he is not listening to what they are talking about. His phone keeps going off when he finally answers it.
"Hello,"
"Baby when are you coming home? I miss you and want to make love to you."
"I can’t Chloe."
"What the hell you mean you can’t? I am your damn woman and for the past month and half you have not been around to take care of me."
"Chloe I have not taken care of you for more than a month. So why don’t you pack your shit and get the hell out of my house."
"Wait no, I love you Wyatt I really do, if you want me to sign the pre nup I will. I promise. Don’t kick me out, I really do love you." Chloe said crying into the phone.
"Fine then but we are not done talking about this. It should not have taken me kicking you out for you to tell me and be willing to sign the pre nup. And don’t think that I changed my mind."
Shoving his phone back into his pocket he just stares out the window at nothing as Liam drove. "Wy, are you ok?"
"Hell no I am not ok she just gave me what I asked of her to do but it took me telling her to get the hell out. What am I suppose to do now? I promised that if she did what I asked of her I would marry her."
"If you want to get technical she didn’t do what you wanted her to do. You threatened her way of life by kicking her out, she is desperate and is willing to do anything and knowing what you want from her she will do it."
Thinking about what Liam said and knowing that he is right. Spending the past month and a half with Evelyn he has a new look on his life. He now knows that he can have love and happiness but he made this promise.
Liam is sitting in his car watching the black SUV that is parked in front of Scarlet and Evelyn's house. Thinking about what to do next, if he should approach the vehicle or just watch to see what they are up to. Getting out of the car and walking to the house but still watching the SUV he slips inside. Not believing his eyes, how could he let this happen, there is evidence tape everywhere. There is still blood on the walls and the floor. The house is a mess from all the people that were in there to go over everything.
Walking into Scarlet's room, Liam sits on the bed and just stares at picture she has on her night stand. It is from one of their high school games. There is Liam, Wyatt, and Gavin in the middle and behind them in the bleachers is Scarlet. Feeling the anger build up in him he throws the picture across the room. Realizing what he did he goes over to pick it up and sees a note lying under the vanity table. Grabbing it he reads what it says. I told you that she would be mine, now I have two for the price of one. 
And there ain’t no ransom. They are mine forever to torture and fuck.
Now there was no controlling Liam’s his anger.
Grabbing whatever he can he just starts throwing everything around the room. Picking up the night stand he throws it across the room right through the window. Hearing it shatter he stops in mid rage. Looking at what he just did he starts cussing himself. Rushing out of the room calling Gavin on his way out of the house and telling him what he found and he has the proof that he needs to go after Jason.
Wyatt is still in the car when his phone goes off again, it is Chloe. Not wanting to deal with her at the moment he sends her to voice mail, "Why did she wait until now to give me what I have wanted for the past three years?" He said out loud just as Liam was getting back into the car. "Like I said before, you threatened her way of life. Told her that she had to get out of your house, so yes she is going to give you what you want now. I say you still leave her, hell man you found the woman you love and you know that she loves you back."
"I know, but what if I don’t get her back? Then what do I do? Spend my life alone revenging her?"
"That's exactly what you do. And we will find them. I know who took them."
Handing Wyatt the piece of paper and giving him the chance to read. Liam locks the car door so that Wyatt can't take off and kill someone. "Where did you find this? I will be damned if you think I am going to let that fucker touch either one of them. I will find him and I am going to kill him."
"You cannot kill him. I know that Evelyn does not want to be visiting you in prison. Just leave him up to us he will be taken care of don't worry about it."
"How can you sit there and tell me not to worry about it Liam?"
"Because he is doomed he just doesn’t know it yet. Gavin has come up with a plan to take care of him without it being on our hands. At the most we may have to deal with his missing persons report and know that he will never be found. And if he is we can guarantee that he won't be recognizable."
"Whatever I just want them back now and I am not saying it again."
"We will get them back, I promise Wyatt."
*****
Adriana is watching Gavin inspect the house for what she does not know since he knows that she is the one that destroyed her own house.
"So Adriana, what’s makes you not want anything to with your uncle?" Gavin ask while he walks through her house. "I watched what he did while I was growing up. So I decided when I was about 15 years old that I did not want anything to with him. So then I moved here knowing that it is not his territory."
"Gotcha, so where did you go to college if you don’t mind me asking? Just trying to get to know ya." Gavin grins at her.
"North Carolina, tar heels all the way."
"No way, that’s where I went so as I was graduating you were a freshman. That’s pretty damn awesome if I must say so myself Adriana."
"Umm no I am only two years younger than you and I use to watch you play basketball with your partner. Basketball is my sport. Loved to watch you guys play."
"Now how is it possible that I never seen you before and you were stalking me and that’s why you really went there." Gavin said with a laugh.
"Yea right, I have always been a fan of the Carolina blue since as far back as I can remember. I did not know that you went there until one of the games and even then I did not know who you were. Then one night I saw you outside their house with your partner and you two together are very easy to remember. How can anyone forget a gorgeous 6 foot tall white man and black man that are always together?"
"Ok, ok you got a point there. But we were good in college." Looking down at his phone he sees that he has gotten a text from Liam.
‘Jason took them. Plans on torturing not killing.’
Gavin now white as a ghost and feeling anger build up it is making him nauseous. "Gavin what’s wrong you look like you are going to explode?"
"That was my partner he said that they know for sure that Jason took Evelyn and Scarlet. This has become a race for time for both of them but more my sister than any. She has had a bad luck of men and I know that she would rather kill herself then be beaten and tortured by another man."
"I think I may know of some way to find out if my uncle had anything to do with this." "We know your uncle had nothing to do with this, but would he be willing to help us out? Is there any places that Jason could take them that no one uses?"
"Like I said I don’t have anything to do with him and keep away. However Gavin, I will go to him and ask, I can tell him that Jason took two girls that are my friends and he broke into my house. I know my uncle does not tolerate any one messing with me no matter where I live or what I do."
"I would prefer you not to go see him, but I cannot make your decisions for you. Just please be careful."
"Really now, you would prefer me not to see my uncle and why is that?"
"Because I told you that I would protect you, I cannot do that at your uncle’s house because we are investigating him and the Cuban Angels."
"Is that the only reason why you don’t want me to go there?"
Gavin trying to keep his heart rate under control knows the real reason why he does not want her to go there, he doesn’t want Adriana out of his sight.
"Let’s just see what we can find out so that we can find my sister and her friend." Smiling at her and pulling her close. Feeling the spark between them Gavin bends down and runs his thumb over her lips just about to kiss her when there is a knock on the front door. Pulling away from the heated embrace Adriana stutters.
"L l l let me get that."
"I will be right behind you but out of sight." Nodding her head at him she walks to the door.
"Ma'am I am Detective Liam Williams. I am asking the neighbors about anything they might of seen yesterday about the two missing women from across the street I see that you have a clear view of the house. May I please come in and talk to you?"
Letting him in they all move to living room a moment later there was another knock. Adriana goes to open the door and the two men are standing there with their hands on their guns.
"How can I help you gentlemen?"
"Your uncle sent us to check on you and would like to speak to you now so if you don’t mind coming with us."
"I am in the middle of dealing with two different situations right now. Someone broke into my house last night while I was out and these gentlemen here are asking about two missing women." Adriana says while pointing backwards
"Are you talking about the women that live across the street?"
"Yes why do you know them?"
"Not personally, but one of our associates has been talking about his new redhead girlfriend and her friend that he was planning on having a threesome with them. More like bragging."
"When was he talking about this if you don’t mind me asking?" Liam says.
"For the past month, said yesterday the night has finally come."
"Have you seen him since then? And if you don’t mind me asking you something else, why are you sitting in front of their house?"
"My boss had me watching a guy who loves to hang around that house. So we were looking into it. Seen that it was just two women that live there and figured he finally found himself a girlfriend. Until we seen her with you one night. So we started following her. And since we know that you are a cop we figured she was an informant."
"And what, you guys were gonna take her and her friend out?"
"No Detective Williams we realized that she was not an informant the night she beat the hell out of him with a bat. We watched her do it. But never stopped following her. Our boss is interested in the redhead on a personal level."
"My uncle is interested in her why?" Adriana cut into the conversation.
"That is something you need to take care of with your uncle."
"You guys are such assholes, but I need to talk to him any ways tell him I will be there in thirty minutes that I need to change, and try to seal up my back window."
"Fine and don’t be late, you know that he does not like to be held up by any one not even family."
"I hear you."
The two men leave and Gavin comes from the hall way, Liam just gives him this confused look and shakes his head.
"Ok so we know now that Jason is the one that has them, we don’t know where he is keeping them, and your uncle apparently had interest in the girls. So where does this now leave us? In the same place as fucking before, nowhere. If I only had a place to start looking then I would feel like I am accomplishing something." Liam says.
"I am going to talk to my uncle and see what I can find out without putting myself in his crosshairs. Gavin here is my number. If I am not back here in an hour then call me if nothing still please come looking for me."
"Here is my number as well so you can text me while you are there and I won’t have to worry for three hours." Switching numbers and setting up a meeting place for when she is done they all leave.
*****
Going home to get showered and changed Wyatt has no choice but to talk to Chloe. When he gets home she was nowhere to be found. Calling her cell she does not answer. Looking at the clock it is he sees that it is going on 8am, wondering where the time went he heads up stairs to shower. Once in there he just looses it, falling to the bottom of the shower all he can do is cry. "How could I let this happen? I am suppose to protect them both. I failed, Evelyn doesn’t need someone like me loving her, she needs a man that can and will protect her. That’s it I am not going to make her life miserable. After we find them I can only be friends with her. I am going to marry Chloe I did make that promise and I have never broken a promise."
Crying even more when he thinks about the promise that he has broken to both Scarlet and Evelyn, the promise to keep them safe. Getting out of the shower he gets dressed and goes downstairs. Standing at his liquor cabinet he pulls out a bottle of vodka and a glass. Looking at the glass he leaves it there and takes the bottle to the couch turns on TV and drinks his morning away.
Liam and Gavin are at their house going over their case file for the Cuban Angels thinking that Jason had to of taken the girls to one of their locations when Gavin’s phone goes off. Reading the text he just smiles. "Never seen you smile like that before Gavin."
"Adriana. She sent a text telling me that she is ok and waiting for her uncle. Says every one there seems to be normal. And nothing looks out of place so to speak."
"Gotcha. You know playboy if I didn’t know any better I would say that you got it bad for that girl and what you have known her for how long a few hours Gavin?"
"This playboy don’t got it bad for no one and never will, I am a playa and nothing is changing that."
"Back to the case I want to find them. So we have these empty buildings here on this side of town but we also have this house that has a basement that was seized by the cops a few months back and I know that the Cuban Angels don’t even go around it anymore so it just sits there."
"I don’t think he would take them to a house that the cops now own, so mark that one off Liam. If anything he had to of taken them to a warehouse in the business distract. No one would notice a man carrying a big bag or two. So I think that would be our best bet. Also I say that we go pay him a visit."
"Don’t you think that would spook him and then he might hurt them even more?" Liam says still staring at the house location.
"Think your right, so let’s put a tail on him, and keep it silent. Just between you, me and the Captain. I don’t want anything leaking out to Cruz."
"Gavin, let’s drive past that house and see if there has been any kind of movement there. I don’t know what it is but it is calling me. My instincts are telling me to look there."
"If you want to but it is a waste of time. We will go now on the way to the station."
"Let me get dressed, and have you heard back from Adriana yet?"
"No not yet, and the time limit is coming up quick. What time is it?"
"About 8:45am, she has got fifteen minutes. But I am going to text her." Sending Adriana a text, Gavin smiles instantly when she responds. "Liam, she said that she is leaving now and will meet up with us in a few since she knows that her father will have people following her. And she needs a new meeting place, one that won’t seem so odd for her to be at." "That is fine Gavin where ever, I hope she has useful information for us. And I am dressed so let’s go." Liam says as he was coming out of the room and stopped yelling through the door at Gavin.
"Gavin have you told Momma Dukes yet that Scarlet and Evelyn are missing?"
"Holy shit, no I didn’t even think to tell momma or Evelyn's mom."
"I think we should stop by there first and tell them. Call your mom and ask her to call Evelyn’s mom so that we can tell them at the same time."
"You know that she is going to kill us?"
"What you mean us Gavin?"
"She knows about you and Scarlet. She believed that all of her man troubles were down with and she could finally live her life happy and safe without always looking over her shoulder."
"Shit when did she find out about us? We just got back together Sunday afternoon which was only two days ago."
"You kidding me, its momma dukes man, she knows all, sees all and hears all. How do think she always knew what we did before we ever got home? And she has always known with your mother that you and Scarlet would end up together. Apparently you didn’t do a hot job of hiding your feelings for my sister back in high school."
"Your mom knew because I told her the day of graduation, and we thought it best not to tell Scarlet. She told me that if it was meant to be then we would find our way back to one another that right now we needed to live our lives and love will find a way. And hell it did."
Calling his mom was the last thing that he wanted to do right now. He already knows how the conversation at the house is going to go. Not to have one pissed off mother, but also a Puerto Rican momma who only has one child and that child is now missing and we have no idea where they are at or could be.
"I think that we should go get Wyatt before we head over there. He is a big part of Evelyn's life and should be there." Liam says
"And you think that under these circumstances it is the best time for him to meet her mother?"
Liam stands there thinking for a moment, "No, not really but knowing my brother he would want her to know that he is doing everything he can to help find her and that he plans on ripping the guys head off who did this."
"Really Liam, he does? Let me change my line of questioning. Do you think it best that he be so close to the investigation right now?"
"No I don’t but how do I tell him that he cannot help us find the woman he loves? That would be like you telling me that I can’t help find Scarlet and that you can’t help find your sister."
"I see your point I just don’t want to have to arrest Wyatt when we do find them and he tries to kill Jason. Hold up Adriana sent a text. She said that her uncle for once did not send someone to follow her and that we can meet whenever we are ready. I told her that we were going to talk to my mom and Evelyn's mom. Wonder why he didn’t have her followed since he always does, don’t you find that strange?"
"Yes I do, do you think that she may be setting us up?" Liam states.
"As much as I hate to think like that but that does seem so odd."
"Damn Gavin never takes you long to look for and find the bad in people. But there is a possibility so we need to watch ourselves she is the niece of a Cuban Angel."
Pulling into Wyatt's driveway, they quickly jump out and Liam’s runs to the door to get Wyatt. With no answer the first time he starts to pound even harder. Getting his phone he calls Wyatt, no answer either. Becoming pissed off he kicks the front door open only to find Wyatt passed out cold on the living room floor.
Kicking him in the ribs Wyatt opens his eyes looking up at a very blurry Gavin and Liam. "Damn man, you have only been home for just shy of an hour, what hell did you do to yourself?"
"Fuck man" Looking around for a moment to see where he is at he finally says to Liam. "What are you doing in my room?"
"Dumb fuck you’re not in your room and you smell like a damn bar after a long night? How much did you drink in such a short time?"
Gavin looking around he finds an empty bottle of vodka and an empty bottle of tequila. Showing them to Liam, Liam kicks Wyatt again this time with a little more force waking him up this time. "Get your drunk ass up and into the shower and while you are at it eat some damn toothpaste the entire damn tube. We are going over to Gavin's mom's house to talk to both Momma Dukes and Evelyn's mom and you are going with us. I will get some coffee made for you, some strong ass coffee."
Forty five minutes later they pull up into the drive way of Rose’s house. Gavin, Wyatt and Liam sit there looking at each other wondering who was going to brave it and get out first when both moms come out of the house. They know that all hell is about to break loose on them once they tell them that their daughters are missing. 


Chapter 14

"Boys get your asses out of that damn car and tell us what is going on. We know something is wrong. NOW!" Rose yells at them. 
Looking at each other they can see the anger in their eyes and are scared as hell. You don’t cross momma dukes, yes her name might be Rose but she is far from sweet and loving when she is pissed off and Evelyn’s mother does not look any nicer.
"Liam do you think this was really the best way to go about it? They got a murderous look to them and I don’t want to be killed before we find them"
"Gavin it’s now or wait and it will be a whole lot worse because we didn’t come to them sooner to tell them. And we waited long enough, we should’ve told them last night when we first found out."
"You both sit here and have your pity party, but I know what Momma Dukes can do and I am not waiting any longer." 
Wyatt jumps out the car, Liam and Gavin were quick to follow. Walking briskly but steady, they brace themselves for fist flying and tears falling. What were they going to tell them? They don’t have much information to go on. All of them heading into the house into the living room they all take a seat. Gavin sits next to his mom Liam on the other side of her and Wyatt sitting next to Evelyn's mom.
"Mom, Mrs. Torres we have something to tell you both and please remember that we are doing everything we can." Gavin takes a deep breath before speaking again, "Scarlet and Evelyn were kidnapped last night around 5pm, we know who took them but he is crazy so we can’t just go storming in, he may kill them then." Gavin finished it all in one breath and waited for his mother to smack him at the least. However nothing happened.
"What did you just say to me? Did you just tell me that my daughter and her best friend were kidnapped from under two detectives’ noses and you don’t know where they are at but you know who has them and you are sitting here wasting time because?"
"Mom, we are looking but we are trying to do it without spooking him. He has been stalking Scarlet since June. He has had it out for her since she bumped into him at the produce store."
Evelyn’s mom gasp in horror at everything that she was just told by Gavin. Sitting there trying to find her words, when she remembers a conversation she had with Evelyn one night.
"Mi vida told me about him. Said that he was outside the house and we stayed on the phone together. She made jokes about the poison ivy they planted and that he would suffer." Wyatt speaks up when a thought goes through his head.
"Gavin I just had a brain moment, I know that he has been affected by the poison ivy, he has to buy cream to soothe the itching. We need to hit up the drug stores and see if anyone has seen him, maybe by chance he has gone to one close to where he is keeping the girls. He had to prepare the place in all, remember he planned the attack and bragged about it."
"You got a point there Wyatt, you’re smart brains do come in handy even though you got drunk within the hour you were alone."
Rose and Mrs. Torres both look at Wyatt who is now hanging his head in shame, before Rose finally says something to him. "And why are you here with them you are not a detective, I know that you are Scarlet’s best friend next to Evel.... ah I see. Glad that she found what she was looking for."
"So you are the reason my daughter is too busy to call me every night and have a long conversation like we use to? And you are?"
"I am Wyatt ma'am, as you can Liam's twin brother."
"And what do you want with my daughter?"
"Nothing ma'am, I have learned a few things in the past several hours about myself. One that if I cannot protect her than I do not deserve someone like Evelyn. She needs a man that can protect her at all times."
"Son are you stupid or something?"
"Yes ma'am I am, I fell in love with her and I knew it the moment I met her. But I am currently with someone else who I made a promise to and I do not break my promises. Besides the one I made to Evelyn about always keeping her safe, telling her that she never had to worry about anything again."
"Well at least you are an honest idiot. What kind of promise did you make to this other person, are you married to her?"
"No ma'am not yet, but I plan on asking her since I promised her that if she gave me what I was asking for then I would and she did early this morning when I told her to get out of my house. And since she did what I asked I have to keep my promise to her."
"You aren’t just stupid boy you are mental! If it took you kicking her out to give you whatever you wanted which I am praying is something decent then she does not love you, she has other motives for why she gave into you."
"Momma Torres, I told him the same thing ma'am and he did not listen. Excuse me for what I am about to say but this is the truth about this woman, and no momma dukes and Mrs. Torres I never refer to women like this besides this one. She is a gold digging bitch, just that simple." Liam state bluntly
"And Wyatt, why is she a gold digging bitch?" Carmen turns and asks Wyatt. "Well ma'am."
"Hell son, stop calling me ma'am, I may be older than you but hell I am not ancient. You may call me either, Momma Torres, mami, or my favorite mi vida. So take your choice."
"Ok Momma Torres, I am a computer engineer and money is the only thing in my life that I do not lack. I live over on South Beach and own two computer programming businesses one is just a basic computer programming while the other is more of a government software security business."
"Well hot damn not only did she find her prince charming but he is rich too. Carmen composes herself for her outburst that had everyone laughing. "Now Wyatt you do know that money means nothing to my daughter? She won’t care if you didn’t have two pennies to rub together, as long as you love her to the extreme. Are loyal, faithful and cherish her forever like her father did for me she will love you more than you ever knew someone could."
"But I am already with someone, what am I suppose to do, break another promise?"
"Yes you fool" They all said at once. "Now back to the more pressing matters, where our girls are?"
"If we want to find them we need to leave. We have someone that we need to meet who may be able to shed some light on it all for us. Liam, Wyatt if you are ready I would like to find my sister and Evelyn."
"Listen boys, we don’t care what you do, but you better bring our girls back to us alive and unharmed."
"Yes ma'am Momma Dukes." Gavin said as he is hugging her and then hugs Carmen.
"And boys, please be very careful, we don’t want to lose any of you. Think we will be family sooner than you think." Carmen said winking at Wyatt.
After they all leave Rose and Carmen started talking about the men. "Why didn’t you ever tell me that there were two of them and that both of our girls are dating them?" "That was one thing that I didn’t know, I didn’t have a clue that Evelyn and Wyatt are looking into things together."
"Well hopefully he uses his head here Rose, and makes the right choice. But like he said how is he supposed to break a promise that he made?"
"I don’t know but knowing Wyatt most of his life and knowing Evelyn they are truly perfect together. And he always does the right thing."
*****
They decided to drive past that house now that has been bugging Liam. Driving by they notice that there is trash in the trash can and what looks like women’s clothes. Liam wanting to jump out the car Gavin locks the doors and takes off. "What the hell?"
"Liam you can’t just jump out the car, what if they are there and so is he and he sees you, first thing he will do is kill them. So we need to think about it before we just charge and we are not even sure that they are there. Let’s check the warehouses as well."
"Fine then, but I swear if they are in there now and he is doing anything to them I am going to kill you then bring you back so that Wyatt can kill you and then bring you back again so that their moms can kill you and bring you back one more time so you can clean up the damn mess!"
"Well let’s not show you temper or anything there Liam."
"Oh I am done holding back, I want them both and I want them now. No more playing games. We need to start looking for them and I am starting with that house."
"We get that we really do Liam, but like Gavin said you can’t just go storming in there. Let’s talk to the people around I am sure I have enough money to convince someone to talk to us."
"Ok, but this better not take forever I am missing Scarlet more and more and I am needing to feel her touch, I need to hold her to feel her to know that she is safe."
"I get you there trust me I do. I want to see Evelyn to make sure that not a hair on her is damaged but we can’t do that if we don’t think." 
Continuing to drive they head the where they are meeting Adriana, who says that she knows a lot more and it will help them. So making it to the library where they agreed to meet since now they all have this bad feeling about her. Thinking that they are being set up they check the surroundings and do not see anything out of place. Heading inside they all wait for Adriana to get there, about twenty minutes later she shows up.
Feeling paranoid she looks around to see if there is anyone watching her, not seeing anyone she goes into the find the guys and tells them what she has found out about Evelyn and Scarlet. "Gavin, I have found out a lot of stuff from my uncle."
"Like what?" Liam asks. "For starters, that he had nothing to do with their kidnappings and is pissed that someone touched them. He wanted to date the red head. However I told him that she has a boyfriend and needs to leave her alone or I was going to his wife about the cheating that he does."
"And what else did you find out?" Liam said. "That the house that was seized by the cops, well they still keep an eye on it and have noticed a pickup in activity around the house, when they checked it there was nothing there. But not being able to go in they couldn’t do a lot of looking around."
"We were already planning on going there but we don’t want to spook him." Gavin stated scooting closer to Adriana.
Liam becoming restless and anxious stands up and walks out the library. Wondering around outside thinking about Scarlet. It has been to long since he has held her in his arms and kissed her. He can’t go any longer. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Jason working his corner. Walking over to him, Jason sees him but by then it is too late. He tries to run but Liam pulls his gun on him. "Listen we are going to have a talk, and you are going to tell me where Scarlet and Evelyn are and I may at the least let you walk away. But if you want to be an ass about it I am going to beat the shit out of you until you stop breathing."
"What makes you think that I’m the one who took ‘em?" 
Without even dropping the gun he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the note that he found at the house. Not giving it to the officers in charge of the case because he already knew who took them and did not want the cops to arrest Jason before they found Scarlet and Evelyn. Pushing it into his face and holding the gun closer to him. Jason reads it laughing and tossing it to the ground.
"As I said what makes you think that I am the one who took ‘em? You have no proof that I did."
"I know that you did and if you tell me where they are at and they are not harmed then I will not accidently let it slip that you are working for the cops to the Cuban Angels. So you are going to tell me now where they are?"
"Not until I have my fun with ‘em."
"I am not playing with you fucker."
"Now Detective Williams is it really nice to say to someone who has your bitch? And I have ‘em and let me tell you they look so luscious in they outfits."
"Are you really going to tell me this while I have a gun on you?"
"Yes I am, you won’t kill me unless you get ‘em back so as long as I have ‘em I’m safe."
"I wouldn’t bet on that one if I was you. I will find them and then I am turning you over to the Cuban Angels and don’t worry, I will make sure that they know you gave a ton of information over to the cops. So where are they?"
"Let’s just say that they are safe and are not getting’ sun burnt." Jason then walks away like nothing happened and then laughs at Liam knowing that he will never find the girls.
Liam left standing there when Gavin yells his name, ignoring them he jogs across the street  and decides to go to Scarlet's store. Making it there in less than fifteen minutes he tries the front door and it is locked. Going around back he finds that it is cracked open. Pulling out his gun he carefully and quietly goes inside. Looking around he does not see anything that is out of place wondering if it was just left open when she left the other day.
Sitting on the floor by the back door Liam breaks down in tears. "How could I let this happen? She is my everything and what if I can’t find her? What if she never trusts me again and don’t want anything to do with me? I choose not live my life without her. I am going to find her." Standing back up he punches the wall putting a hole in it
Slamming the backdoor shut, Liam waits at the bus stop so he can head back to the police station.
Thinking of all the places that they could be Liam text Gavin telling him to check out Jason’s house without him knowing. Finally the bus shows up and Liam gets on, and who is sitting there no other than Jason. Going to sit by him without saying a word until he reaches the police station, he knows just that bus ride gave him more information than they have collected in the past twenty four hours.
"Hey I need to have someone see what route bus 27 runs every day."
"Do we want to know why?"
"Because Detective Cruz, the person who has been stalking Scarlet Jones was on that bus and I want to know where it stops and what is along that route."
"Not a problem Liam. When did you find a suspect in the case?"
"We have always had a suspect just did not want to tell anyone because we did not want him spooked by the cops. He has been stalking her since June and because of the rules, the police can’t do a damn thing until he causes some kind of harm and by the fucking way he took her and her friend. Doing who the fuck knows with them!"
"Williams you are taking this a little personal don’t you think?"
"She is my girlfriend you shithead. So yes I am taking it personal."
"Ok let’s get started on finding out that information now," Jorge said.


Chapter 15

Scarlet wakes up again to total darkness, confused for a moment on where she is as she tries to sit up. Not being able to move she starts cussing and then remembers about Evelyn. Just then she can hear footsteps heading towards the door. Then all of a sudden they stop. Laying still when she hears the door open, peaking out her eyes without opening she can see Evelyn curled up on the floor and she can see that her leg is broken. Noticing that she did not respond to the man standing above her, Scarlet starts to freak out. "Let her go, she has nothing to do with this. She needs to get to a hospital her leg is broken."
"But my sweet redhead she has everything to do with it, she was home when I came for you, I wasn’t gonna pass that bitch up, how could I?"
Without warning he presses his foot on Evelyn's broken leg waking her up and making her scream. "Ahhh, what the hell was that for you son of a bitch?"
"Just provin’ a point to her over there. If she don’t do what I want, I’m gonna cause you some worst pain that you ever had in ya perfect little life."
"Don’t hurt her, like I said she has nothing to do with us. If you let her go I will do anything that you want me to do." Scarlet said begging and pleading with Jason. "It’ss simple, I want you to be mine, but I ain’t lettin’ her go. Your boyfriend threatened my life so I will get my pleasure."
Walking over to Scarlet he bends down and runs his gun between her breasts shaking from it she just sits there. Opening his phone he dials a number, after a few rings he starts to speak. "Ah the great Detective Williams just thought I’d let you hear the bitch scream while I do what I want to her and there ain’t nothing you can do."
Scarlet hears Liam's name and starts yelling as loud and as much as she can. Getting angry for what she just did he back hands Scarlet across the face and she hit the floor hard slamming her head against the cement. Bending down again he whispers into her ear before walking out the door and locking it again.
"Scar, you do not have to let him do what he wants with you just to keep me safe, he is going to hurt me anyways if he wants to."
"Never planned on it. I am getting out of here and I am taking him down on my way out. When I get myself freed, I will come and untie you. I know that you can’t run so I want you to just stay still so that he doesn’t know that you are untied too."
"Scarlet please don’t get yourself killed trying to save me."
"It’s not just you that I am going to save. I want out of here so that I can have all the hot sex with Liam I can."
"Well let’s not be honest or anything."
*****
Liam gets a call putting his phone on speaker so that everyone can listen to what is being said, "Detective Liam Williams speaking " Liam said while trying to control the anger in his voice. "Ah the great Detective Williams just thought I’d let you hear the bitch scream while I do what I want to her and there ain’t nothing you can do."
"If you touch her you will regret it."
Motioning to the guys to trace the call when he heard her voice in the background yelling, Liam trying to write down what she is saying. 
Evelyn hurt bad, her leg broke keeps passing out from. I'm ready and then the line goes dead.
Locking the address before he hung up they now have a location of where they are. They all start grabbing their guns and their vest and head out, the Captain telling everyone that he does not want lights and sirens. 
Liam sends Gavin the address and that is where the girls are at. On his way there he calls for more backup and to have two ambulances there and ready. More than pissed off now he can feel the rage building he tries to think of Scarlet. Holding her in his arms; kissing her lips until they are red just never letting her go again. 
Going back to what she said about Evelyn and her last words, "I'm ready" wondering what she could have meant by that. He says out loud "I know baby girl and I am coming for you please don't give in to him fight baby girl fight." Then it hit him, "Holy shit!" Searching for his phone he calls Gavin and tells him what Scarlet said last and Gavin agrees with him. Now hit with more fear than rage Liam begins to speed knowing that he has at least a thirty minute drive ahead of him.
*****
Not sure of how long they have been locked up Scarlet is more determined now to get free knowing that Liam is looking for her. Finally after some pulling and tugging she has gotten her hands loose. Now if she could just figure out how to get them out all the way. Pulling herself up just a little it was just what she needed, getting a better grip on the knot she manages to push the end through and the knot just came apart after that.
Quietly walking over to Evelyn she gets her untied. Feeling around the room with her hands she finds a lead pipe and smiles at herself remembering what she did with the bat. With both of them untied she whispers to Evelyn that she is going to move her to her spot and that she needs to be still and very quiet. They can hear his footsteps in the hallway coming back towards them and Scarlet quickly goes back to Evelyn's spot and lays down with the pipe by her side.
Jason comes into the room and closes the door part way, leaving it cracked just enough so he can see where he is going. He walks past Evelyn's spot but not before looking at her. Since it is dark in the room he did not notice that it is Scarlet. Thinking that both girls are where he left them he turns his back and heads to where Evelyn is lying. Getting ready to bend down and grab her, Scarlet quietly stands up with the pipe in her hand and swings with all her strength.
Hearing and feeling the pipe make contact she quickly reaches for the door to open it. Jason is standing there with blood coming from his cheek. He charges at her and before she could swing again he has her pinned to the ground. As he pulls his fist back she brings up her knee and slams it into his groin, then elbows him in the throat Jason falls sideways holding himself gasping for air. "Evelyn are you ok? Talk to me Evee." "I'm good, are you ok?"
Before Scarlet could answer Jason grabs her from behind. Scarlet knowing this was a mistake she let Jason think that he had the upper hand. He starts pulling her backwards just enough for her to leverage with his momentum she pushes him into the wall. With all her force she slams her head into his face breaking his nose. He lets her go just long enough for her to turn around and face him.
Looking at him in the eyes she puts her hands on his shoulder and leans towards him whispering into his ear before jamming her knee again into his groin repeatedly. Finding the pipe again that was by her feet she picks it up and looks at Jason again. Seeing the fear in his eyes she smiles at him. "Now fucker who is the one to be feared? This is the last time you will ever see me or anyone else again."
"Please don't, I will leave you alone, I promise."
But she was not turning back, she knew he was lying and it was only his fear talking, rather begging for his pathetic life. Scarlet pulls back the pipe and swings like she has never swung before making contact with Jason's head. Scarlet watches as Jason stumbles back, hitting a table before he lands on the floor. Seeing that he is not moving and blood gushing from his skull Scarlet finds her way to Evelyn who has fainted again from the pain. Not noticing that she has busted her head open again and is losing a lot of blood Scarlet passes out next to Evelyn.
*****
Finally pulling up to the warehouse that the call was located at they all quickly get into position, Liam meets up with Gavin and Wyatt. Handing Gavin his vest Liam and Gavin talk about what Scarlet might be planning. Wyatt wants to know what is going on with Evelyn and if she is ok. Liam telling him that her leg is broke and can't stay awake. Just then the Captain comes over to them with a not so happy look on his face.
"Gavin, Liam I think it is best if the two of your stay out here and let us check the building first. It is more personal for you guys then the rest of us."
"Captain, with all due respect sir, that is my sister in there and I am not just going to sit out here and wait. I have been waiting too long to find her and know that we have I want to be the first person that she sees and then Liam."
"You both can go in there but behind me. When we find them, I want you two to be the ones that get them out. Hear me and hear me clearly neither one of you will be allowed near Jason no matter what. You will not shoot him or touch him at all. Understand?"
"Yes sir." Gavin said
"Detective Williams do you understand me?"
"Yes sir." Liam said with fired anger to his voice.
Walking towards the building with their guns drawn and flashlights in the other hand they check the outside grounds. Finding an open door one by one all of the officers enter. Spreading out they check every room on the bottom floor. Working their way up the stairs to the second floor when an officer notices a cold drink on a desk
Pointing it out, they fan out over the second floor. Still nothing every room is coming up empty. Becoming frustrated Gavin starts tossing things. Going back downstairs they continue to look around when Gavin sees a hallway that looks like it use to be block. Getting everyone’s attention they go down the hall. Following close behind the other officers Liam and Gavin can feel their pulse racing, sweat building up on their foreheads and the anger building in them. "Williams, Jones up front now."
Rushing to the front both Gavin and Liam enter the room, Jason is lying in the floor in a pool of blood. Liam bends to down the check him and finds that he has no pulse. Looking around with the flashlight he sees the Scarlet and Evelyn lying in a corner next to one another. Going over to them he calls for Gavin. Putting his fingers on Scarlet’s neck he feels a faint pulse. Checking her body over, he does not see very much blood until he gets to her head.
Feeling all the blood that is matted in her hair, Liam is freaking out remembering about that blood thingy she told him about two months ago. Carefully sliding his hands under Scarlet's legs and back he pulls her up into his arms then taking off out the door but not before talking to Gavin. "Gavin get Evelyn and be careful of her legs, I am not sure which one is broke."
"I got her, right behind you bro."
Liam makes it to the ambulance and Scarlet still has not woken up, gently laying her down on the stretcher he whispers in her ear. "Baby girl it’s me, please wake up. I want to see those bright green eyes looking at me with the sparkle in them. I love you baby girl please wake up."
With still no response Liam goes to jump into the back of the ambulance when the paramedic tells him that he can go with her unless he is family. About ready to beat the shit out of the paramedic the Captain comes over and said that he was ok to go.
Walking out of the warehouse Evelyn starts to wake up. Looking up she sees Gavin holding her pulling herself closer to him she tries to find her voice but she can't her throat is to dry. She hugs him as her way of saying thank you. Once outside Wyatt came running and tries to grab Evelyn from Gavin but she will not let go of him. Evelyn keeps her eyes closed because she is dizzy when Gavin sits her down on the stretcher. 
Helping her lay back Gavin leans over and kisses her on the forehead. Evelyn then open hers eyes and once again tries to speak "Water please." Gavin then yells to someone to get her some water. She is put into the ambulance and Wyatt wants to get in with her but is not sure because of the way she reacted to him when he tried to get her. Gavin tells her that he will meet her at the hospital. "No stay with me, I don’t want to be alone." 
Evelyn said while grabbing his hand. Wyatt watching this becomes upset. Knowing that he has no claim on Evelyn and that he should not be getting mad Wyatt watches them as they pull away. Jumping into Liam’s car he follows the ambulance to the hospital.
Back inside the warehouse Detective Cruz is on the phone with someone back in the corner. He is informing whoever it is that it is Jason that took the girls and from the looks of it he kidnapped the wrong ladies. That he is face down on the floor with his skull cracked lying in a pool of his own blood. The investigators are now going over the scene trying to figure out what happened. All that they can see is there is a lot of blood and can at least put together that one of the two girls got into one hell of a fight, cracked the man in the head that is on the floor using the pipe that is next to him covered in blood.
One of the investigators said laughing "Looks like one of the ladies has one killer of a swing, would love to play some baseball with her." At that moment the coroner came into the room with a black bag. Looking around before he bends down to start examining Jason he notices a pool of blood in the far corner. "Whose blood is over there in the corner?"
"My guess is that is one of the victims."
"With that much blood lose she is not going to make it unless she gets a blood transfusion quick and a lot of it."
The Captain hearing this calls Gavin to tell him what he just found out and to be sure to inform the ladies moms that they have been found and can meet them at the hospital. Gavin sends Liam a text telling him. Liam agreed to being tested but he is all most positive that he is O Negative and can give it to Scarlet. Finally at the hospital they make Liam stay out of the room. 
Going to the front desk he tells the nurse that he needs to be tested to see if he is a match for the woman that was just brought in. Giving him directions on where he needs to go, Liam follows them and makes it to the room. Once inside he sits in the chair and a few minutes later the nurse comes out and asks when the last time that he has eaten something was. Thinking about it he realized that he has not eaten for over two days.
Heading out to the cafeteria so that he can get something to eat, he runs into Adriana there. "What are you doing at the hospital? Didn’t know that it was a local hangout."
"It’s not, I work here I am a nurse for on the ICU unit" Adriana snapped back. "Oh, that’s got to be a cool job. What all do you do?"
"I take care of the patients that are in critical condition."
"I'm sure you heard that we found both of the girls alive and that Jason is dead."
"No I did not, where did you guys find them?"
"At an abandoned warehouse that we know is used by the Cuban Angels. They are badly beaten, Scarlet has been unconscious for the past hour, and is still losing blood. I am down here getting something to eat so that I can donate my blood to her."
"Sounds like she needs a lot of blood, I know that you cannot donate that much blood to her, she will need multiple donors."
"Are you serious?"
"And it sounds like she will be on my floor, seems we will be seeing a lot of each other," Adriana smiles a hesitant smile at Liam. "Yea, guess we will be. You know that I don’t trust you." Liam said. "And why not? I have been nothing but honest with you and if you can’t trust me then that is your problem not mine. I did nothing wrong to you."
"It’s just that you are family to the Cuban Angels and no one in that family is clean and you know what I mean."
"I am, I already told you and Detective Jones that I never had anything to do with them and never want to. I live my life straight, I don’t party, don’t do drugs, and may have a girly drink here and there but only at my own fucking house. So if you don’t like me or trust me then you can kiss my round Cuban ass."
Adriana gets up from her seat and leaves. Feeling kind of sorry for what he just said he finishes up his food and then goes after her but he cannot find her anywhere. Going back to the room to have his blood drawn he text Wyatt asking him if he knew what his blood type was and if he could donate. Wyatt responds with pure sarcasm and hatred.
"You are one: a dumbass that they have the same blood type and second that you never had to ask, I was already on my way just stopped to get something to eat and some orange juice for the three of us." Liam is questioning who the 3rd person is and is shocked to hear that it was Chloe. Apparently she is O Negative as well. "What is she doing here?"
"She is here to help. Momma Dukes called me and told me that Scarlet needed a blood transfusion and we needed any one with O Negative blood and since she had it I asked her and she agreed to donate."
"As much as I am going to hate saying this, thank you Chloe for your help and oh yea, I want her blood tested before it goes into Scarlet we don’t know what she has." The nurse enters the room and butts into the conversation. "Sir we test all the blood before we put it in someone else including yours."
"That’s fine with me, I just don’t want my girlfriend getting any bad blood. She has already been through too much these past two days."
"Ok then let’s get started who wants to go first?"
"I will since I hate needles and I want to get back to Scarlet."
One by one, they all get their blood drawn; Chloe and Wyatt head back where Evelyn is being taken care of on the 3rd floor. Seeing her there with Gavin who is holding her hand Wyatt is now raging inside. Chloe can see the look in Wyatt's eyes and grabs his hand like a reminder that she is there with him and he has a girlfriend. Wyatt pulls away from her and walks over to them and sits down. Evelyn turns to look at Wyatt and smiles so big, she then looks over his shoulder and sees who she is only guessing is Chloe standing there.
Wyatt turns around and sees her there, getting back up he walks over to her and ushers her out of view. "Why do you go home Chloe, thank you again for helping Scarlet out but there is really nothing more that you can do."
"Is that her? The one you have been spending time with? The one who has made you smile again? Looks to me that she is happy with Gavin and not you," Chloe pointed out. 
"What the hell are you talking about? You know that I love you and I am loyal to you but you are wearing on my damn nerves with all this accusing."
"I may be blonde but I am not dumb, I see the way you looked at her, the love in your eyes, the pain that you have for her because she is hurt. I can see it all. Let me tell you this, I have given you four years of my life I will not be left high and dry because of some damn bitch. I gave you what you wanted I signed the fucking pre nup and told you that I loved you so you better keep your promise to me and marry me within the next few months."
"That’s how you really want to do this? Force me to marry you? And just so that you know I plan on keeping my promise regardless. I will be unhappily married to you since you sacrificed four years, but don’t ever expect me to love you the way I use to."
"Damn now was that so hard to do?"
"Yes it fucking is, I don’t want to marry you let alone be with you, but I made a promise and I will keep it. And I expect by the time I get home that you have all your shit out of my room and into the guest room on the other side of the house."
"Are you serious?"
"Yes I am, and Chloe if I ever catch you cheating from this moment forward you can count on a quick removal of you from my life. You want the marriage you get the responsibilities with it which includes loyalty and no more parties understood?"
"What the hell ever Wyatt see you when you when you get home."
Storming out of the hospital Chloe cusses under her breath. "He can’t tell me what to do married or not, what he don’t know is that I am not the one who signed his pre nup and that is not my name on it. We will see who has the last laugh when the time comes."
Finding her phone she pulls it out and makes a quick phone call. "Come pick me up I am at the hospital, Wyatt is here with his Puerto Rican bitch and won’t be home for a while." Listening to whoever is on the other side she smiles to herself. "No one in the house is going to rat on me if they know what’s good for them and I will call and tell them to take the rest of the day off." Closing her phone Chloe turns around and smiles at the nurse who just heard the entire conversation she just had. The nurse walks up to her curious about it and wanting to know more she starts a conversation with Chloe. "Your boyfriend coming to get you? I hate waiting for my boyfriend after work."
"No, not my boyfriend a friend that’s all. You know a woman has got to get her needs taken care of. My boyfriend is a boring computer nerd who is sitting with some other chic. Claims that they are just friends and she is the best friend of his best friend. So I got another man on the side that takes care of my personal needs while Wyatt takes care of me financially." Chloe said to the nurse. "Wow, guess I am going about dating all wrong. I am with a man that can’t even pay his own bills that’s why he moved in with me."
"Shit honey, you need to find two men, one for a piece of ass and the other for the cash. And when you get bored you clean out the rich one and find a new piece of ass."
"I got you there, and what if you ever get caught?"
"I am good I have never been caught by anyone."
"Well my break is over better get back to work." "Nice talking to you." Chloe said just as her ride pulls up. The nurse looking into the car sees that it was someone she knows and so does everyone else, Detective Jorge Cruz.


Chapter 16

Wyatt is going back to the room when he sees Gavin bend down and kiss her forehead once again. Not knowing why this bothered him so much but it does. Stopping in his tracks he is wondering if he should go in there. "She did smile when she seen me but she also did not want anything to do with me when Gavin brought her out of the warehouse. Also she had seen Chloe so that part of my life is real with her now. Not something she needed to see right now. I wanted to be the one to be there for her. And once again I failed at that. She needs someone who can be everything that she needs and that is not me."
Turning around to walk away he runs right into a woman. "I am so sorry I did not mean to run into you like that I was just lost in thought." Looking down he sees that it is Carmen, Evelyn’s mother. "Ah stupid boy once again, are you running from your future or were you just going pee?"
"I am not running from anything, my future is not with Evelyn, look at her she is happy with Gavin, he saved her today. Brought her out of the warehouse they belong together. And besides I am with someone and guess getting married in the next few months."
"Stupid boy, not if I have anything to do with it. Now get your tail in there and talk to your future wife now, and yes I know one day you guys will be married. I see the pain in your eyes the day we met and the pain in your eyes now that you sit here and watch her with Gavin. Those two are just friends and nothing more. They already tried and nothing happened and nothing will ever happen again as long as you go after her and play your cards right."
"Wait those two once was together? When? No one ever told me that?"
"Does it really matter? They have not been together since the day you met. I know my Evelyn she told you about it but I also know she never told you his name. She is a very private person and told you what you needed to know. Does it change how you feel about her now knowing who she has been with?"
"No it doesn’t but he is also one of my best friends. He could have said something to me but he didn’t. It does not matter, like I said before I am getting married in a few months to Chloe."
"Ah, gold digging bitch, like I said before not if I have anything to do with it. Now scoot your ass in there."
Following Carmen into the room looking at Evelyn who’s eyes are closed he just sits in the chair furthest from her. Carmen goes to the bed and sits on the side of it and watches her daughter sleep. Wyatt falling asleep in the chair Carmen walks over and covers him up, she knows that he has not slept in over two days. The girls went missing Monday evening and it is now Wednesday late afternoon. 
To long he went without her and Carmen can tell. Thinking to herself, "I know that one way or another, these two will be together. No man feels pain like he has for the past two days and not truly loves the woman. My Evee she has finally found her prince charming who is engaged to a true evil witch. Wow what a true fairy tale story. I want my baby to be happy and happy she will be." Kissing Evelyn on her forehead she leaves the room and turns off the light, stopping to have a quick conversation with Gavin before she leaves.
Gavin is waiting in the hall by Evelyn's door when Adriana finds him. Seeing that he looks lost she sits down next to him. Grabbing his hand she pulls him close to her. Leaning on her shoulder he just sits there. She runs her fingers through his hair trying to find the right words to say thinking she has them she tries her voice. "Gavin, look at me."
"What are you doing here Adriana?"
"I work here, but that’s not why I want to talk to you."
"Adriana, how could I let this happen to the two of them? How could I screw up that bad? That’s why I don’t have a girlfriend or want one. I can’t protect them from harm. Look at my sister and Evelyn? They are not sure if Scarlet is even going to make it."
"Gavin listen to me. Gavin, Gavin."
Still not listening to Adriana, she kisses him to shut him up. Finally no longer talking she pulls away but as soon as she did Gavin cups her face and is kissing her with a soft but fierce passion. No longer resisting she opens to him and melts into his body. Hearing the intercom paging a doctor Adriana pulls away she needed to talk to him. "I am so sorry I didn’t mean to kiss you like that, Adriana."
"You didn’t kiss me I kissed you to shut you up. I am trying to tell you that it is not your fault. You can’t protect everyone all the time. Some things happen and there is nothing you can do."
"I get that, but this is my fault. She told me back in June that she was being stalked and I blew her off told her that she was just paranoid. And I should not have done that. This is the second time a man has beat her ‘til just near death and where was I to protect her? Blowing her off that’s what."
"Even then, it’s still not your fault. You said yourself that he has not been around since she beat him with the bat. Thought he was gone after that. Stop beating yourself up."
"I hear you but like I said before that’s why I don’t have a girlfriend. I don’t have the safest job and I will not put any woman in that kind of danger."
"Well for your information I am always in danger because of my uncle's career choice. There are many gangs that know I am his niece and would love to use me as revenge against him. So dating cop would not be the worst choice that I have ever made."
"So you knowing what I do and who I am after you still want to date me? Why?" "Because when I am with you, I feel safe. Like no one or nothing is going to hurt me. Yes I know that we met on bad circumstances but sooner or later our paths would have crossed."
"And how do you know that?"
Adriana looks up at Gavin through her long lashes, "because I was building up the nerve to go over to your sister's house to accidently bump into you. I know that you live somewhere near us because you walk to her house on most days. Fate is telling us something; we both went to the same college and now live in the same neighborhood."
"I will have to agree there. But like I said, I am not into having a girlfriend or believe in any of that love at first sight, true love, destined to be together kind of shit."
Adriana now looking hurt and trying to find her voice but not wanting to trust it knows that she has to say something to Gavin. "Understood, but is it so wrong to at least try at something real?"
Standing up Gavin pulls Adriana to her feet and bends down and gives her a hug. "Listen Adriana, I need to go find Scarlet and see how she is doing they took her into surgery and they are getting ready to take Evelyn to repair her leg. Her broken bones caused a lot of damage. I will talk to you later on."
"I am Scarlet’s nurse so there is no running from me. And we will talk later how about I cook you some dinner since I know that you have not eaten since Monday and it is now Wednesday."
"So you’re stalking me still even after college?" 
Gavin said with a smile. Adriana stretches up and places a kiss on his lips before walking away. Running after her he catches up to her and stops her he bends down and kisses her again this time holding her close to him. Feeling himself get hard he pulls away from her.
"Dinner tonight at my house what would you like me to pick up from the store?" Gavin said to her against her lips.
"Whatever you want to eat I am a very good cook."
"What time?"
"I get off of work at 7pm give me time to go home and shower. So about 8pm is that too late?"
"No not at all. See you then."
Both of them walked to elevator together to get to the fourth floor where Scarlet should be out of surgery by now. Once in Adriana slides next to Gavin and puts her hand in his. Gavin gently squeezes her hand and then they get off going different directions. Finding Scarlet’s rooms he sees Liam sitting there right next to the bed holding her hand in tears. Gavin has never seen his best friend cry. Standing there watching him Gavin can see the hurt in Liam's face and the love in his eyes.
Wondering if he could ever love someone like that and be loved liked. Liam looks up and sees Gavin standing there. Liam gets up and walks out the door to talk to Gavin. "You can go in and see her. They didn’t do too much in surgery. Just stitched up her head where it was bust and put a cast on her wrist. From what the doctor said the way her wrist broke it is common in baseball players. So I figured that she did it when she hit him with the pipe the last time when she killed him." Liam stated
"Damn man, who would ever known that my sister could kill a man with a fatal swing."
"Don’t ever say that to her. She has been through enough and does not need to hear it like that."
"I gotcha man don’t get all pissed at me. Hell think of it, its Scarlet and she beat a man to death to protect herself and Evelyn. Who would of ever thought that possible?"
"See your point let’s just not tell her like that. Don’t think that is what she was aiming for when she hit him."
"Not too sure about that one Liam, you said that she broke her wrist swinging the pipe at him? I think she meant to kill him. No one swings anything that hard not wanting to kill whatever they hit."Gavin said with a proud grin.
"You think that she was trying to kill him?"
"Yes I do, and she won’t go to jail either. It was all in self defense."
"I get that, but really you think it is in her to actually want to kill someone?"
"If she is being threatened and her best friend yes I do. I would not put it past her that she could do it and will do it."
"Damn my baby girl has got some fight in her after all. Guess I better not make her mad or cross her path on a bad dark night." Liam said looking back at Scarlet who is still in a coma.
Watching Adriana in the room with her Liam returns by Scarlet's side and taking her hand, still not trusting Adriana he will not leave Scarlet alone with her no matter what he has to do. Adriana noticing Liam's actions she steps away and backs up into Gavin. "Liam, I am not going to hurt her, I promise. I actually hope that one day we all can friends. I have always wanted to go over to their house and introduce myself since I know that they are the only other females in the neighborhood."
"Why would you do that, to set them up with your uncle and brother?"
"Damn Liam, can’t you be polite? All Adriana is trying to do is be nice here and help Scarlet and I suggest you get use to her. She is not going anywhere any time soon. She does work here in all."
"Gavin, I get that and I am trying but right now I don’t trust anyone."
Adriana cuts them both off, "If you guys don’t keep it down I will have to kick you both out of the room. The over stimulation of your loud voices is not good for her. Scarlet needs peace right now to recover can you guys provide that?"
"I am sorry about that. It’s just been a long two days and I am exhausted and I do not want to leave her side. I want to be here when she wakes up. Gavin have you seen my brother?"
"He is down stairs with Evelyn. Momma Torres got a hold of him and ripped him a new asshole. Told him that he needs to be there for Evelyn when she wakes up, she was having a hard time staying awake with all the pain meds they have given to her. She should be going into surgery soon. They have to repair her right leg."
"Thanks Gavin, just how I wanted to spend my birthday tomorrow. In the hospital while Scarlet lays here in pain, and unconscious. All I want now is for her to wake up."
"She will man, don’t push her. Just have patience she will wake up and you will be the one sitting there and how can you tell she is pain."
"By the way her face flinches every so often. I can see the pain on her face." With a long pause while he kisses her hand Liam looks back up and Gavin.
"How can you be so sure Gavin? They said that she has not showed any signs of brain activity. And since they didn’t know how long her head has been bleeding like that she lost a lot of blood and I can’t give her any more without making myself sick. And she needs more but I do not want them just putting in anybody's blood into her."
"Have you told the doctors about that? And if that is the only way for her to survive then you have to let them do it." Adriana cut in again with this new information.
"No I have not."
Liam nodding his head knowing that Gavin is right he squeezes Scarlet's hand again before pulling it to his mouth and kissing it softly again. "That is something that we need to know Liam, if she is in pain and can feel it that is a good sign. How long has she been reacting to pain? "Adriana said checking Scarlet's reflexes. "I don’t know three maybe four hours."
"That’s really good, watch when I run my nails down her foot. She can feel it and is reacting to it which means she is having some kind of brain activity. Let me call for the doctor."
"I am going to ask her to marry me when she wakes up and is better. I am not going to go through my life with her just as my girlfriend. I want to marry her and hope that she will. I want to grow old with her."
"Liam are you sure that is what you want to do? I know that you have loved her since high school but is it really the right time to be thinking like that? Don’t rush into anything just because of the current situation. Listen to me, you know that I would love to have you as a brother but I don’t want you to feel like you have to marry her because of all this."
"I don’t feel pressured. I wanted to marry her back in high school but Momma dukes talked me out of it then, and I will be damned if I let another person talk me out of being with the woman I love."
Adriana cuts into their conversation. "Speaking of marriage and yes I know that I should not of been listening but I am in the room, your brother is Wyatt?"
"Yea, and?"
"Is he engaged to some blonde bimbo?"
"Only out of a damn promise that he made. Why?"
"Oh I know this is not my place to say this but I can’t watch a man marry someone like her. She was outside when I was on break and I overheard her talking on the phone so I started a conversation with her and she was telling me that she was engaged to this rich man but had her boyfriend on the side. And that’s how all women should do it. I believe it was something like ‘one for a piece of ass and the other for the cash.’ When her ride pulled up I recognized the car. It was Jorge."
"So you’re telling me that my brother's bitch is dating a dirty cop from the Cuban angels? Boy does he know how to pick ‘em."
"Yes I am, and I only figured it was him when she mentioned his name and the Puerto Rican woman he is with downstairs."
"I would love to tell him but this is something he needs to discover on his own. If I say anything he will think that it is just to break them up. So we just need to figure out how to catch the two of them together." Liam said while making a plan in his head.
"Ah, that won’t be hard. I was talking to Momma Torres before and she swore that she will break them up and she was going to her sources for some information. But I am all for getting rid of the evil enchantress."
"And why do you call her an evil enchantress?"
Adriana asked Gavin. "Because to a man that is not hers that is what she is, she smiles, flirts, and wiggles her fake breast at him until he succumbs to his desires and sleeps with her. But we just can’t get Wyatt to see that and she has never been caught by him. By us yes but he won’t take our word for it."
"Gotcha, so which of you two fell for her evil enchantress act?"
"Fuck not either one of us. Have you seen her, not our style of woman? We like our women real and I prefer my woman to have some nice curves on them." Gavin says while winking at Adriana.
"Shit I wouldn’t touch her with a stick that was covered in a condom. She is nasty and I know that my brother has not touched her in a long ass time as well if I am correct at least a year maybe two. And I got my woman right here and I have crushed on her since middle school, come high school I was completely in love with her and now there is no changing that."
"Wow Liam didn’t know that you loved her like that. So when did you want to marry her?"
"As soon as I can, my only problem is who do I make my best man? My brother or my best friend?"
"No questions about that, Wyatt. I won’t be hurt but I will be the one to throw your bachelor party since we know Wyatt can’t party."
"Really you will give that up just like that?"
"Does it really matter who your best man is or does it matter that she says I Do?" "Got a point there Gav. Now just praying that she wakes up so that I can ask her. Even if she is not the same I still will be with her no matter what. I am never letting her go again."
"Well there Liam it is going on 5:45pm and I want to head home knowing now that both girls are safe and Evelyn should be out of surgery and I want to stop by and see her before I leave. The moment Scarlet wakes up call me I will be here. By the way Momma Dukes has been sitting outside for the past hour, think waiting for you to leave Scarlet's side so that she can come in and spend time with her daughter."
"Shit I didn’t even see her there."
"You won’t see anything until you take your eyes off of Scarlet."
They both get up and walk out the room. Rose walks over to Liam wraps her arms around him, holding him tight as Gavin walks over to her. Having both of the boys in a tight hug she begins to cry. The boys hug her tighter just standing there letting her cry when she finally pulls away.
"I’m sorry boys it’s just so hard to be here again with my baby girl. She has been through too much in her life and now they tell me that they don’t think that she is going to make it." Rose says as she wipes the tears from her cheeks. "So tell me what happened when you guys found them? And where is Evelyn?"
"Momma, Evelyn is on the third floor room 327, she had to have surgery on her leg he broke it with a bat from what she said. It was really bad. Scarlet on the other hand looks like she took a few good hits to the head and has a broken wrist. She killed him momma, beat him to death with a pipe. We don’t think she knows and Liam wants to be the one to tell her that. She had to get 19 stitches in the back of her head and had a cast put on her arm. They said she broke it when she swung the pipe at his head. He called it a break that is common with baseball players." Rose gasp at everything Gavin is telling her.
"At least my baby when down fighting, how is she doing other than that?"
"She is feeling pain now which they say is a good sign but I don’t want her feeling any kind of pain, it hurts me so bad to see her like that."
"Liam, you are truly a gift from heaven. I hope she knows what she has here and comes back to us."
"I do too Momma Dukes. I do to. I am going to get something to eat would you like me to bring you anything?"
"Depends on where you are going?"
"To the Cuban Place by the house I also need to shower."
"Mmmm some chicken and rice with a sweet tea, and you better get a Cuban sandwich with another sweet tea for Scarlet. I believe that she will be waking up sooner than you think."
"And what makes you say that?" Liam ask turning back around to look in the Scarlet's room and the doctor is in there going over her charts with a smile on his face. "That’s why my dear, that’s why. No doctor smiles like that if there is not any good news."
Liam smiles back at Rose and nodding to Gavin, Liam leaves the hospital in a better mood, not completely happy but content. "Maybe she will wake up for my birthday, I couldn’t ask for anything more than that if she does. Well besides for her to marry me." Liam said to himself while in the elevator.
Stopping at the third floor he runs in to see Evelyn and Wyatt, who is cuddled up next to her on the bed. "Hey there sunshine how are you feeling?"
"Don’t you sunshine me Liam, where is Scarlet and how is she? No one will tell me anything about her."
"She is on the fourth floor in the ICU, can you tell me what happened down there, her head was busted wide open and she lost a lot of blood."
"Scarlet fought whoever took us I never did see who it was. She kept hitting him with a pipe. He had us tied up and she got loose. She switched our spots on the floor so that when he came in she was laying by door. He looked down at her and he did not notice that it was not me. When he turned his back on her she hit him in the head with the pipe. He fell but got right back up and attacked her. I do not remember anything after that until Gavin was carrying me out of wherever we were. "
Evelyn turns to look over at Wyatt, "And Wyatt I am sorry that I did not go to you when you put your arms out. I could see that it was you but my mind was telling me not to let go of Gavin that he was safe."
"Evelyn it is ok, I figured as much. But I am here now with you until you tell me to leave." Wyatt said while holding onto her.
"So you’re telling me that my baby girl went all ninja on his ass before passing out next to you?"
"Yea, that’s what I am telling you. I told her not to risk her life for mine but she did not listen, said that she was not only trying to save me but when she got out she was going to have some hot sex with you and I think that is what motivated her the most. Whatever you did to her Sunday night has really got her going for some more."
"Well right now she has been unconscious since we brought her in. But she is showing signs of improvement. I am off to The Cuban Place want anything?"
"I will have the chicken and rice I have not eaten real food in days." Evelyn said. "MMM I will have the same thing." Wyatt replied. "Ok give me about an hour and I will be back, I really need a shower."
Walking out Liam has a new sense of respect for both of these women. "Scarlet risked her life to save her best friend and to get back to me. God I pray that you pull both of these women through this mess. I need to hold her close to me again and promise to never let her go once she is mine forever."


Chapter 17

Gavin is on his way home when he stops at the market. He over hears a conversation about Jason being killed and the Cuban Angels doing it and that there is proof. Laughing to himself knowing what really happened he continued his shopping grabbing some steak, whole potatoes and some fresh green beans and a salad mix. Deciding that he is going to be the one to cook dinner and have it ready for when Adriana gets there. After getting everything that he needs he heads home. Once there he sees that the lights he finds Liam passed out on the couch.
"Yo, Liam how long have you been home?"
"I don’t know what time is it?"
"It’s going on 6:30pm."
"Shit man I have been here since 6pm, told them I was just coming home to shower and grab some food, they are going to wonder what happen to me."
"It’s all good. You needed some sleep and by the way Adriana is coming over in a little bit. We are going to have dinner and talk now that everything is over with."
"That’s cool, just watch her, you know that I do not trust her."
"Ah my friend but I do, and I will watch her. Did you know that she went to college with us?"
"Really, don’t you find that weird?"
"Nope not really, she use to watch us play basketball, didn’t know who we were until she moved back home and seen us over at Scarlet's house."
"Interesting, so you think you got something going with her?"
"Who knows but I do know that I want to get in that."
"Damn Gavin are you ever going to grow up and try your hand at a real relationship?"
"Nope."
Gavin walks into the kitchen thinking to himself while he starts dinner. "Is there really any reason to grow up? I mean look I can have any chic over that I want when I want. I am not committed to one person and that’s how I want to live my life. What’s so wrong with that?"
He is almost done cooking dinner when he hears a knock on the front door. Yelling to come in, he looks up as Adriana is walking into the kitchen in her work clothes looking as good as she did before he left her at the hospital. Walking up to her he leans into her and kisses her gently on the lips.
"I did not know that you could cook." Adriana said to him after she caught her breath. Thinking to herself, that every time they have kissed she has been left breathless afterwards. "Oh, but you didn't ask and I am a wonderful cook but can only cook steak, potatoes, green beans and an already made salad mix. And maybe some grilled cheese, hot dogs and mac and cheese."
"So you cannot cook that much but what you can cook it is really good?"
"That sums it all up," both of them laughing as she starts to walk away, "which way to the bathroom?"
"Down the hall, first door on the right."
Checking his food it all seems to be done, he just has to let the steak for a bit to cool down. Following her down the hallway she turns and looks at him. "What is he doing following me he must be crazy if he thinks that he is joining me in the shower?" Deciding to stop him in his track she turns around and puts her hands on his chest.
"And where do you think that you are going?"
"Umm to my room to change, I really love to cook out on the grill but I hate smelling like one."
"Ok, you better be telling the truth Gavin."
"Swear to it." He said putting his fingers up like a boy scout.
Adriana went into the bathroom and took a quick shower and got dressed. Deciding that since she already knew Gavin and knew that they had some kind of spark between them she did not dress to impress him. Instead she put on her favorite pair basketball shorts and her college sweater. When she came out of the bathroom she ran smack into a half naked man. Gavin tries to around and grabbing his towel at the same time before it hit the ground and expose his hard erection Gavin just smiles to himself.
Admiring Gavin’s very well toned broad chest, the light spray of chest hair that ran down his body to his very erect member, Adriana silently gasp feeling the heat gather at the now tingling apex of her thighs.
"Sorry, wasn’t expecting you to be out of the shower already." Gavin said with his back to her.
"And what made you think that I wouldn’t be out of the shower already?"
"Most women take forever. I was trying to shower and get dressed before you got out so that I can get everything together. I was not planning on running into you in the hall half naked."
"It’s ok Gavin not my first naked man that I have seen fresh out the shower." Turning around and walking away from him she mumbles under her breath "But def the best looking one." Laughing to herself for her last comment Gavin comes up behind her and wraps his dampened arms around her waist. "What was that last comment you mumbled."
"Oh nothing, and please let go of me."
"Only if you turn around and tell me what you said."
"Nope not gonna happen. It was not meant for you to hear. If it was you would of."
"Then I guess I will just have to keep a hold on you until you tell me."
"Not gonna happen Gavin."
As she turns around she did not realize how close her face was going to be to his. How is she suppose to resist him now? Standing in front of her, his tan skin glistening from his shower, muscles hard and twitching with her touch and now sure that the pressure that was in her back was his cock at full arousal. Trying to catch her breath when she realizes that she is not breathing, he dips down and gently kisses the edge of her mouth. With a moan of his name trembling from her lips he took advantaged and slipped his tongue inside of her mouth. 
Running his hands down her back and around her taught ass he pulls her closer to him. Whispering into her ear "I want you." She moans again trying to pull away from him. He senses this and lets her go. Never being one to force himself on any women he just turns and walks back into his bedroom. Cussing himself for what he just did, "Never have I ever told a woman that I wanted them, what the hell was I thinking? She needs someone better than me and I know that I cannot give her everything that she wants out of life. I am not one to marry or have kids."
Adriana is at his door about to knock when she hears him cussing to himself about what just happened. Feeling the stab of his words she backs away slowly and goes to living room. Wondering if she should just grab all of her stuff and dart out the door while she still had a chance or talk to Gavin. Deciding that is the best move she grabs everything as she gets to the front door Gavin grabs her. Adriana becomes scared because of the way he grabbed and that he is still pissed off because she pulled away from him.
She tries get away from him and not turn around. She did not want him to see the tears that have now stained her cheeks. Gavin noticing that he had a tight grip on her arm lets her go. Sliding his arms around her waist and then circling around her body so that he is now in front of her and can see her face but she will not look up at him. "Adriana." But she does not answer fear that her voice will give her away that she was upset and crying. But before she could wipe the tears he already rubbed his thumb across her cheeks and felt the wetness that laid there.
Cussing himself again for making her cry now on top of everything else. "Look at me, please. Why are you crying? I am the one who fucked up."
"I heard you in the room, dawned on me that all I was going to be to you was a one night fling maybe a few more if I was lucky."
"I am so sorry that you heard me. I know that you deserve the world and I could never give that to you. I am a mess, never had any kind of relationship in my life so I do one night stands and short flings."
"I get that and I am not going to crash your way of life."
"You’re not crashing anything." Cupping her face with his hand he gets her to raise her face to him. "Can I kiss you?" 
Nodding a yes and stretching up to him. She knows that he is not the one to marry but she can't help this feeling that when she is in his arms and kissing him. Adriana is a believer in true love. She has always had a nagging feeling that she needed to be in this man's life since the first time she watched him play basketball at college. But she was too scared to say anything to him and then he graduated. Giving up on him she was shocked and even more convinced the first time that she saw him walking down her street. Living by his sister just happens to be a plus on her behalf. Melting into his arms and against his body she knows that this where she belongs but how to make him see that.
Gavin runs his hands down the length of her body and pulling her up into his arms. Adriana naturally wraps her legs around him and places kisses down his jaw line. Gavin whispering once again into her ear, "Can I have you now? I can't stand this any longer." With eagerness she kisses him again letting him know that she wants it too and to take her now. Yelling at herself mentally, "You know this is wrong why do it? You are setting yourself up to have a broken heart once again."
Ignoring the yelling in her head she lets Gavin take her to his room where he lays her on his bed. Walking away he closes and locks the door behind him. Going back to her he kisses her again until she opens up to him. Taking his time with her he made love to her all night long.
*****
Liam heads to the shower and then leaves before Adriana gets there. His stomach rumbles on his way to The Cuban Place which makes him hurry. Once there he orders everyone’s food and heads back to the hospital. When he arrives he heads to Evelyn's room first. Knocking on the door he slowly enters when he sees Detective Cruz sitting in the chair by her bed. Wondering what’s wrong he walks over and kisses Evelyn on the head.
"What’s going on in here?" Liam asked.
"We are just going over what happened. I do have to file a report and the doctors finally said that she is alert and can talk to us."
"Yea, just telling Detective Cruz here what happened. The only thing I am not sure of is who took us. It was dark in the room and I kept fainting. Scarlet said it was Jason and she did see him but I never did."
"We are still waiting for her to wake up so that we can talk to her about what happened."
"Cruz let me holla atcha outside for a minute." Liam said trying to keep a calm voice. "Yea"
Both of them go outside and close the door. Evelyn gets mad because she wants to hear what is going on. She really hates being in this room and not being allowed to go see Scarlet. She sees the food that Liam brought and tries to grab it but could not reach so calling for the nurse who was there in no time helps her get her food. Digging in just as Liam comes back into the room.
"Hey Evelyn I want you to watch out for him, he may be a cop but he is also working for the Cuban Angels."
"Are you serious, I did not know that?"
"Did you tell him anything personal about yourself?"
"After what just happened to me and Scarlet, hell no I didn’t. It was like he was waiting for Wyatt to leave. But I did not think anything of it after he told me that you guys work together and that he was working the case. He just wanted to know if I knew who took us and what happened to him."
"Has anyone told you what happened? And we do work together. Just found out that he works for the Cuban Angels but cannot do anything without proof."
"No one has said a word to me, besides that we are safe now. I want to go see Scarlet but no one will let me go see her. Will you take me?" Evelyn said pouting at Liam.
"I will as long as it ok. Let me go check with the doctors and I will also tell them not to leave you alone."
"You don't have to do all that. They will tell you that I cannot go to ICU unless I am a relative and since I am not I cannot go see her. That’s why I asked you to take me figured that you could sneak me up there."
"I will get you up there but I am telling you this as a warning, she has not woken up at all. So do not be alarmed when she does not answer you."
"Is she that bad?"
"Yes, but seems to be getting better since she can react to pain. During shift change I will come and get you. Gotta take this food upstairs, Momma Dukes is waiting on me."
Evelyn smiles and continues to eat her food.
*****
Wyatt walks into his front door and notices that there is no one there to greet him. Wondering into the kitchen because he is starving and left before Liam came back with the food only because he could not stay any longer with Evelyn without wanting to kiss her. Finding something to eat Wyatt goes to his favorite spot on the porch he sits down and thinks about what he is going to. He knows now that he does not love Chloe and is truly in love with Evelyn. But he made a promise to Chloe about what she had to do to prove to him that she loved him for more than his money. And she did it and now he can't have what he really wants. To love Evelyn the way she needs to be loved, however he cannot break a promise that is one thing that he has never done. So running back inside and grabbing his laptop he starts looking up wedding venues and putting together his guest list.
Several hours have passed and he hears the front door close. Getting up to see who it was he found Chloe trying to come into the house as quiet as can be. Looking at his clock he sees that it is just past midnight. Following her upstairs he grabs her from behind. "Babe where have you been?"
"Out with the girls, we were celebrating our engagement. But one thing is missing my diamond ring. I have nothing to show off to everyone. I hope it is really big."
"Yea that here I forgot to give it to you." Going to his dresser, he get a ring. It’s not the one he intended to give to her after he met Evelyn. He went and just grabbed some cheap ring from Walmart. Handing it to her she looks at it and tosses it on the bed.
"That is not the ring you got for me, I already found it a few weeks ago. Why give me this cheap ass fake?"
"That is the ring I got for you. I learned something very important these past few days and I’m not going to marry you for the same reasons anymore. It is only because I made a promise to you. I am not going to give you the world that you think that you need." "But I did everything that you told me to do, I said that I loved you, and I signed the damn pre nup. What more do I have to get you to spoil me and give me the world?"
"I don't know, maybe fuck me every once in a while. Do you know how long it is has been since I had sex with you?"
"I tried a few months ago and you turned me down. So why would I put myself back in a position to be rejected again?"
"You were drunk Chloe, I was not going to have sex with you like that and you know it."
"How about now, I am not drunk or even had a drink tonight. Will you sleep with me now?"
Walking towards Wyatt, Chloe starts to strip. Not having sex in over two years watching her undress was turning him on, but not for the right reasons. At this point any woman who undressed in front of him would make him hard and turned on. But he knows that they only woman that he wants to make love with is Evelyn. Realizing that that will never happen now that he is engaged to Chloe he decides what the hell and went for it.
Grabbing her roughly he tosses her on the bed. Quickly putting on a condom Wyatt slams into her over and over, Wyatt tries and tries, he gets her to her finish but he can't seem to make it to that point. Chloe getting frustrated that he is still going after she has already finished finally pushes him off of her. She gets out of the bed and goes to shower. Wyatt follows her furious at what she just did.
"When did you start taking showers after we have sex?"
"It's a habit that I have. Don’t like to be nasty in my sweet spot."
"That’s some bullshit and thanks for making me finish. I will just go take care of myself in the other bathroom. And by the way Chloe we may be getting married but I still want you out of my room."
Wyatt slamming the bathroom door he grabs some clean clothes and heads to the other bathroom. Once there he turns on the hot water to his liking and climbs in. Sliding down the wall and just sitting there he can’t stop thinking about Evelyn. Standing up after a few minutes he looks down and he is harder now then when he was screwing Chloe. "Look even my dick knows that he was inside the wrong woman." Thinking about Evelyn and stroking it himself he finishes in no time.
With a smile on his face he finishes up in the shower and heads to the couch where Lanta his gray and white husky is lying. "How am I going to get out of this engagement? I do not want to marry her, but a promise is a promise right. Guess I fucked myself out of a good woman that really does love me." 
Wyatt's phone goes off then and he looks for it. He can hear it but can't see it. Finally remembering that he had it out on the porch he walks out there. Grabbing his phone he sees that it is Evelyn calling him. Debating if he should answer or let it go to voicemail. Knowing now that she is a temptation and will make him cheat on Chloe he lets it go to voicemail. Then he gets a brilliant idea. Maybe that’s just what he needs is to be caught cheating before the wedding and maybe then she will leave him. Scheming on how to get caught his phone goes off again, checking his voicemail and excited that Evelyn left a message.
"Hey there Wy, it’s me. Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday and from the way you left yesterday you won’t be coming back. She gave you what you asked for and I could see the hurt on your face. Just know that no matter what, I love you. Good bye forever Wyatt."
Saving the message he felt his heart break into a million little pieces and could tell that hers did as well when she left the message. "How could I hurt her again? This is better this way. A clean break and there won’t be many tears. There goes my idea for getting caught cheating on Chloe. Guess it is time to face facts about my future and get it over with. I will see if she wants to go to Jamaica and get married in a few weeks." Staring up at the sky Wyatt lets a few tears fall for Evelyn. His soul knows that she is the one for him and can't believe that just like that he was giving up on getting her to be with him forever.
*****
Liam walks down the hall to the elevator. Getting in he thinks of Scarlet the last time she was in his arms. How he held her tight all night long. To him it was the best thing in the world. The feel of her soft skin rubbing on his every time she moved. How her skin was cold but seared him everywhere it made contact with his. Remembering how her hands felt moving around his body, down his chest over his stomach to his…. the elevator dings when it hits the fourth floor and the door opens to two elderly but not to old women staring at him with smirks on their faces.
Feeling a sudden pressure in his pants he looks down. Smiling at the ladies he walks out of the elevator completely embarrassed and proud. Making his way into Scarlet's room he sees the doctor and a bunch of nurses in there and from what it looks like they are removing the tube from her throat that is helping her breathe. In a panic now he dashes to the room when he is stopped dead in his tracks. Scarlet's mother is in tears sitting in the chair next to her room. Liam runs over to where she is at drops the food and bends down in front of her. "Momma Dukes?"


Chapter 18

"Go in Liam she needs you." Confused at what she is talking about Liam makes his way into the room and sees that she is just laying there taking shallow breaths. Getting to her bedside he sits there and grabs her hand. Thinking the worst has happened and he was not even here. Then he feels his hand being squeezed and open his tear filled eyes. Scarlet is sitting there with her bright green eyes wide open and a smile on her face. He smiles back at her for a brief moment when everyone starts laughing, knowing now that he just got tricked he was shaking his head as he bent down to kiss her. Every one left the room so that the two of them can be alone.
"Scarlet my baby girl I have missed you so much and when you are feeling better I will get you back for that."
"I missed you too what took you so long to find me?"
"There weren’t very many clues and you never told us that Jason came back into your life? Why?"
"Because he called Monday morning and then again that evening and tricked me by the time I realized it I was walking into the kitchen by then it was too late and he hit me."
"You are ok now and do not ever have to worry about him again."
"I know Liam."
Looking shocked Liam just stares at her for a moment. "What you mean you know?"
"I killed him with that last swing. I felt my wrist break. Told him that was the last time he will ever see any one again and swung with all that I had left in me. I watched him hit the table and then the ground."
"Damn Scarlet here I have been for the past several hours wondering how I am going to tell you that you killed him and you already knew."
"Am I going to jail for killing him?"
"No baby girl it was in self defense and everyone knows that."
She smiled at him but Liam can see the fear, the pain and the hurt in her eyes. He moves closer to her and wraps his arms around her and she broke down and just cried. He held her like this for over 30 minutes until she cried herself to sleep in his arms. Pulling himself up on the bed all the way he falls asleep next to her. Scarlet becomes restless and screams in her sleep. Liam jumps up knowing that she is having a nightmare. Waking her up Scarlet apologizes to him for it.
"Baby girl you have nothing to be sorry for."
"Yes I do, I am a total mess now and you don’t deserve this."
"Your right Scarlet I don’t deserve this. You are too good for me and I have done nothing but hurt you since I met you and yet you love me when you shouldn't."
"Why say something like that? That is some bullshit."
"It’s true Scarlet and we both know it."
"Get out, just get out now."
"See I have hurt you again."
"That is because you are a damn idiot and I am not going to argue with you."
Liam stands up he tries to kiss her before leaving but she moved. So he walks out the door pissed off for what he just did to her. Yelling at himself as he walks down the hallway. Looking at the clock he sees now that it is Thursday. Mumbling to himself a happy birthday he heads down to Evelyn's room, she is on the phone and decides to just sit out in the waiting area.
"How could I hurt her again, I can’t do this to her anymore." Heading back up stairs to try and talk to her but knows it will not work since she is upset. Scarlet looks like she is sleeping so he sits in the chair in the waiting room that is across from her room.
Over hearing the nurses talking about him saying that he is a dirty dog for being here with a blonde before telling her that he was faithful to her and loved her, then sweet talking the Puerto Rican woman downstairs and then saying that he loved this little thing of a beauty. Quickly turning his head around he can see the fire and rage in Scarlet's beautiful green eyes. How is he going to fixes this? Before he had a chance to get into the room she turned her back to him and he did not want to mess with her.
Fully outraged right now, knowing that she should know better that who they are talking about was Wyatt, Evelyn and Chloe. He storms out of the hospital with no intentions of going back. "I am not going to be in a relationship where I always apologizing and this time for something that I know damn well was not me. It is better if we do not even try. I can see that all we will do to each other is hurt the other one. I would rather see her alone then me with her hurting her."
Getting into his car Liam takes off out of the parking lot. Driving fast and reckless he does not know where he is going but he knows that he needs to get the hell out of Miami. Stopping by the house and being quiet as he can be since he knows that Gavin is home and Adriana is with him. Not wanting to wake him up and be questioned where he is going and Gavin trying to stop him; Liam grabs his bag and packs several things. Taking off out of the house he stops by the station and leaves a note on the Captain’s desk. 
‘Captain, I know this is short notice but I have to leave town for awhile. It is a personal matter and I will take whatever punishment that you see fit when I return. If a major case comes up just call me, Detective Liam Williams.’
Feeling satisfied with his note. Liam takes off and drives north thinking about where he can go to clear his head. "Orlando, Tampa, Jacksonville. Hell no I need to get out of the state. I cannot be in the same state with that woman. I love her don’t get me wrong but I am not going to deal with her short ass temper every time she hers something bad about me. When she decides that she can talk to me she will call me."
*****
Gavin wakes up as the sun creeps though his blinds to find Adriana missing. Deciding that she is either in the bathroom or the kitchen he heads to his own bathroom. When he flips on the light there is a note by the sink.
‘Gavin, it was nice last, had fun, but I think
its best that we just leave it as it is,
Adriana’
Getting mad he crumbles up the note a doses it into the trash. "Why am I getting so pissed that she left, I don't want no kind of relationship with her." Taking his shower and getting ready for work, Gavin can't seem to keep his mind off of Adriana.
Going into work early to get started on the paperwork that is now covering his desk, he has not been to station since Tuesday morning. As Gavin walks into the building he sees the Captain is waiting for him signaling him to come to the office. Gavin goes in and talks to the Captain before heading back out to look over Liam's desk. The Captain showed him the note that Liam left and asked if he knew about any of it. Sending a text to Wyatt asking if he knew of anywhere that Liam would take off too for some alone time. While waiting for a reply he starts on his paperwork. He knows that he has to find a new informant along with his partner.
Deciding to call Scarlet to ask her what happened between them because when he left yesterday that were fine. "Hey Scarlet, have you talked to Liam today? He didn't come into work this morning and I figured that he might be with you."
"No he is not here and I don’t want him here. Promising to love me and be faithful but is too busy bouncing from room to some blonde bitch. I am done with him and all men."
"What do you mean blonde bitch? Liam has never been interested in any blondes. And don’t give up on him that easy, he was a mess when you were missing." Gavin said becoming very frustrated with his stubborn sister.
"He didn’t try to come in here and explain when he heard the nurses talking about him and seen that I heard as well he just stormed off."
"Did you give him a chance to explain it to you? And why didn't you use some damn common sense. Wyatt looks just like him and is with a blonde bitch. Did that ever cross your mind?"
"Shit Gavin, I screwed up didn't I? Always believe that the man is out to hurt me and look at what I did now."
Gavin stares up at the ceiling while tapping his pen on his desk. "Yea Scar you screwed up. He took off and no one knows where he would of gone. I am waiting for Wyatt to text me back."
"The doctor is coming but can you bring me my cell phone if possible I need to call Liam and apologize to him."
"I will but it will be awhile. I have a lot to get done and even more now that Liam has disappeared."
"That's fine and thank you Gavin. I love you and everything that you have done for me and Evelyn."
"Not a prob sis, I love you too."
The doctor enters the room and tells Scarlet that she is doing really well. That being in an induced coma really helped her a lot, gave her the rest that she needed for her head to heal.
Going over to the window that faced the city, Scarlet stood there and stared out at the view. It was a beautiful day. The sun was beating down on the streets. The kids were out playing trying to enjoy the end of summer before school started next week. That thought made her think of Evelyn, wondering where she is and how she is doing. Finding another hospital gown to put on backwards she heads down to the nurse’s station after a few minutes she gets the information that she is looking for.
Once on the elevator she hits the number three and watches as the door closes. Trying to remember how Evelyn was before she passed out next to her. She knew that her leg was broke but was not sure of anything else. Walking through the halls until she found Evelyn's room, peaking in the crack of the door before entering she can see that Evelyn is crying. Pushing the door open Evelyn looked up to see Scarlet she wiped her tears and smiled. Scarlet squealing with joy ran over to Evelyn and jumped into her bed with her arms wrapped around her neck.
"Oh my god Evee, I am so glad that you are ok."
"Me, no one would tell me a word about you besides that you were in a coma and had no brain activity. But look at you; you look like nothing is wrong."
Scarlet turned around and showed Evelyn the big bald spot that she now sports because of what happened. "Well, not too sure how to cover this one up and as long as I am in here I can’t cover it so I get to walk around looking like this. And why are you crying?"
"It is over between me and Wyatt. That bitch gave him what he asked for and now he has to marry her. I told him goodbye in a voice mail which I was lucky he didn’t answer. Don't think that I would of been able to say good bye without crying."
"Oh, Evee I really did not think that she would of done it. What are you going to do now that you know he is your love and you can’t be with him?"
"I really don’t know. I wanted to experience him Scar, in every way possible. And since I am not a home wrecker I won’t even try."
"Evee you can’t really let her take him from you like that. If you love him go after him. Why would you let someone you love so much be in a marriage of hate and lies?"
"I want to more than anything but he made a promise and if I learned anything these past few months with him is that he does not break a promise that he makes."
"I know that. I have known him since they moved here and he has never broken a promise on purpose. But Evee you and him both cannot live a life of sadness and pain knowing how you both feel. I can take her out if you want me to."
Just then the door opens and a nurse comes into the room. "Morning ladies, we have not yet met but I am a good friend of your brother's and helped them when you both were taken. My name is Adriana Gonzales and you Scarlet are suppose to be in your bed. I see that you are doing much better. I have been your nurse in the mornings and when I left yesterday evening you were still in a coma."
"So how do you know my brother?"
"I actually live a few houses down from you both and I seen him there a few times. I was planning on introducing myself to you both since you are the only other non married women in the area so that I could meet him. And then I witnessed you both being kidnapped and I went to the police station to tell them."
"You and Gavin then hit it off and now you’re wanting a relationship with him?"
Adriana’s face turns red with embarrassment. "Wow you are good. I like him a lot, can’t stop thinking of him, we actually went to the same college and I always fantasized about being with him. There is just this pull that I have towards him. But when he graduated I gave up on it. Until back in June when I seen him at your house and figured it was meant to be for us."
"Sounds like the rest of us. Evelyn here is in love with Wyatt, me I am in love with Liam Wyatt's twin brother and you with my brother. Huh go figure."
Getting defensive Adriana speaks up. "I never said that I was in love with him."
"Oh yes you did, you might not of said the exact words but you are and we can tell. How you described it you fit in with us two very well."
"Adriana let me ask you something without you getting pissed at me, I’m a no secret kind of person and since you seem to have a lot of interest in Gavin I have to tell you that I was sleeping with him back in June and that’s why he was at the house. But it was only once. Have you had sex with him yet?"
Looking with amazement at what she was just told, it took Adriana a few minutes to answer.
"Yes last night and thanks for the honesty. I see that we can be real good friends." Adriana said with a smile. She can’t believe that Evelyn was so honest about sleeping with Gavin. Thinking to herself that these to women are different than most. They like to keep the air cleared and no drama, her kind of friends.
"I just want to know something that is a little but more personal, you don’t have to answer, but was he wild and rough with you or slow or passionate?"
"That is personal but come to think of it he was slow and passionate very loving when we had sex. You could all most classify it as making love."
"That is not my brother I can even say that much."
"No that is not the Gavin I had sex with, he was wild and rough. No talking straight to foreplay and then down to business. Very little kissing and fast paced."
Adriana smiles at herself. "So you are telling me that Gavin took his time with me? Made love to me? I know that he is a one night stand kind of person and I took off this morning before he woke up. I left a note saying that I had fun but it was best to leave it like that. Figured it would be nice for a change for the woman to call it to an end."
"Damn girl you got some balls to do that to Gavin. Has he called you yet today or text?" Evelyn asked.
Adriana looking at both Scarlet and Evelyn all confused like she was missing an important piece of the puzzle. "No not at all. Why?"
"Adriana even after we had sex that one night he still sent me a text the next day asking if I was ok and so forth. He always texts or calls the day after. I am guessing that he likes you more than he probably wants to admit since he is a childish playboy your note pissed him off, so he didn’t bother to call or text."
Scarlet jumps into the conversation. "I will call him later on, we talked earlier and I could tell that he was mad, I just thought that it was about something else. I pissed off Liam and he took off and no one knows where he is at. Should I call and say sorry or just let it be? I do not want to be in a relationship where the man can't talk to me whenever we have a problem."
"Scarlet, you cannot let this one fight get in between you both. Anyone who has seen you guys together can tell that you are suppose to spend your life fighting and loving one another. No relationship is perfect."
Scarlet rolls her eyes in a sarcastic manner,
"Coming from the woman who is about to let the love of her life marry some blonde bitch that is only after his money."
"Are you talking about Wyatt and I think her name is Chloe?" Adriana said perking up. "Yes why and how do you know that?"
"I seen him in here with you, he really does love you but I thought that he was a dog because he was out in the ER before you were moved talking to her and after that I ran into her outside she was telling me that she only uses him for the money and has a boy toy on the side. I watched who pulled up and it was Detective Cruz who I have known for years and works in your brother's unit."
"Are you serious? That fucking bitch I am going to rip out every stand of blond hair that she has. I am going after him and I will get him back no matter what it takes. He is mine and will always be mine." Evelyn said with force to her voice and fire in her eyes.
Scarlet has never in her years of knowing Evelyn she has never used words like that or seen her so angry. "I am scared of you now so I am going to go back to my room. My mom should be here as I see yours walking this way. I love you Evee, feel better soon. I am getting out in three days hope we get to leave together."
"Love you too Scar, and nice to meet you Adriana. I see a potential friendship with us."
"Nice meeting you as well. Hope this is a lasting friendship with us."
Leaving the room they run into Evelyn's mom with a short conversation and a few looks over to Evelyn's room, Evelyn knows that they are talking about her. Scarlet is out of sight, again leaving Evelyn with the sense of being alone until her mom comes into the room with the most pissed off face she has even seen on her mom. "Evelyn Renee Torres, now I know that I did not raise a quitter. Why are you giving up on that man?"
"I was going to momma because she gave him what he asked of her until I just found out some other information. Now once I am better I am going to get what should be mine, Wyatt, and there will be no stopping me."
"Now that is the Puerto Rican woman that I raised, anything you need I am here to help you."
Smiling at her mom who moves over to the bed she stays there for several hours and they talk about everything and eat the food that her mom has cooked for her. Evelyn's mind keeps wondering back to Wyatt and she is only half listening to her mother. Who is going on about everything that has been happening and all the people that send their wishes and so forth. After a while the nurse comes in and gives Evelyn some more pain medicine and before she knows it she is asleep while her mom continues to talk.


Chapter 19

It has been just over two weeks since he left the hospital with no word on how Scarlet or Evelyn is doing Liam is getting restless. "Why has no one tried to call me or text me? I figured that by now at least the captain would of called me by now and told me to get my ass back at work. Wyatt has not even called. And I know that Scarlet is not going to call me at all. Well fuck them all. I am enjoying my time up here in Georgia." Driving around another curve Liam forgot all about the differences of the roads.
He has already spent a week with his family in Atlanta and is now heading further north. It has been another week of just driving around and staying at different cities. Stopping at the Mall of Georgia he decides he needs to get out and walk around for a bit. Once inside he can’t remember the last time he was even here. He knows that it was his last visit and that’s when he found a small city way up north that no one will know to look. Bringing himself back to where he is currently standing at the mall. He walks into a store and every where he looks there is something that reminds him of Scarlet.
"God how I am missing her so damn much. Why did I ever walk out on her? I should of stood my ground and went back in there and talked to her. Why am I so damn stupid when it comes to her? Always screwing it up between us, but she was no better this time. She turned her back on me and did not even give me chance to open up her eyes and realize that those two nurses saw Wyatt talking to Chloe."
Doing everything that he can to keep his mind off of Scarlet but failing miserably he goes to send her a text. As he pulls out his phone he stops himself. "I am not going to be the one that gives in. I am always apologizing to her. It is her turn." Shoving the phone back into his pocket and walking out of the mall. Getting back into his car he drives north again this time aiming for Clermont, Ga. He knows that there is nothing there and very few people there that would bother him. He liked the quietness of it and the fact that there is really nothing there, giving great consideration into moving there.
His last visit he met a few people there and they told him that any time that he wanted to visit that he had a place to stay. Not wanting to intrude on their daily lives he heads to the Clermont Historic Hotel. He checks in with the clerk who continues to smile at him. Grabbing his room key he heads up to his room. Liam is finishing a hot shower when his phone goes off.
"Holy shit man you are alive. Where the hell are you and when are you coming back?"
"No fuck dumb shit I am alive. That’s your own fault for not calling me sooner. And don’t worry about where I am at."
"Liam, you know that Scarlet is going crazy without you. Why don’t you just call her and make up already this shit is shitty between the two of you and childish if I must say so myself."
"Who the hell are you to talk about childish? You’re the one who won’t grow up and try a real relationship with Adriana."
"Damn man that’s right you took off before I could tell you what happen there. We had dinner that night and I had hate to say it this way but it is what it is, made love to her. Yes I just said that. Don't know what it was but I could not be my normal self with her. I tried to be fast and rough but could not bring myself to do it. And not to mention I did not find some lame excuse to make her leave. She stayed the entire night with me. I had these crazy ass thoughts running through my head about her and how it all felt good to hold her close afterwards. Let’s just say that was some of the best sex that I have ever had in my life. Well anyways when I woke up she was gone I found a note in the bathroom saying that she had fun last night but since she knew I was a one stand kind of man she left. How fucked up is that?"
Becoming frustrated with Gavin, Liam considers hanging up the phone but doesn’t. "And you didn't care because you did not have to worry about calling her the next day or text her. I get it that is how you always are."
"That is the thing Liam; it bothered me like fucking hell that she was gone when I woke up. But now she doesn’t want to talk to me and I am too pissed off to talk to her anyways. Even now just talking about it I am pissed again. I honestly don't know what to do."
"Told you that you had it bad for her. The moment I seen you cooking and talking about dates I knew that you liked her more than just for her booty."
"I do believe that you are right my good friend. Now you gonna tell me where you are at?"
"Nope, but I should be home by the end of the month. I have enough vacation time to cover it."
"If you say so. Well unlike you I got a lot of work to do so holla atcha later bro."
"Yea, talk to you later on Gavin." Closing his phone Liam puts it on the nightstand next to his bed. Finding a comfortable position he falls asleep.
*****
Smiling at himself and Wyatt for what they just accomplished Gavin tosses his phone on Wyatt's desk. "Get what you needed there Wyatt?"
"I did, we have a pin point location on him. Where the hell is Clermont, Georgia?" "Hell, you tell me, I am a Florida boy born and raised."
"Just because I am from Georgia does not mean that I know every city. Let's look it up before we send Scarlet out there to find him."
"Do you think that she will go and find him? When I last talked to her she was very pissed off at him."
"Yes I do. So I am going to help her with it. Now I'll make her flight plans call your mom to pack her bags and I will stop by the house and grab them before I go get her for the doctors. And if she gets the news that we are all hoping then I will take her to airport and make her get on the plane. And then from there it will be up to her."
"So you’re basically saying that she has no choice but to go find him?"
"Pretty much and the ticket will only be a one way so she will have to make him come home one way or another."
"Damn Wyatt I did not know that you had this kind of demeanor in you. Now to just get you to get rid of that bitch down stairs and we will be set."
Making all of the final plans for Scarlet, Wyatt looks at the clock and sees that it is time to go. Writing down the address that Liam's cell phone was just traced to, he heads out the door with Gavin behind him. "Hope this shit works man. I am tired of doing all the damn paperwork."
"Yea me too. Just remember not to give him a heads up at all. So don't tell anyone else."
*****
Scarlet and Evelyn are finally home and have been trying to get their lives back together. Evelyn is having more problems with it then Scarlet. She only had a broken arm and a head wound while Evelyn had a big heavy cast on her still badly broken leg. It is the last week of summer vacation and Scarlet knows that she needs to get back to work.
Getting out of the shower Scarlet is very careful not to put pressure on her newly acquired scar and bald spot brushing her now knotted hair. Doing the only thing that she can is putting into a loose ponytail on the back of her head so that her scar is not exposed to the general public, she hates more than anything is people staring at her and asking her questions. She yells to Evelyn that she is leaving and heads out. This is the first time in almost two weeks that she has been at work and a week since she has been out of the house alone.
Not feeling the need to watch over her shoulder and knows that she still can’t drive until the doctor gives her the clear she heads to the bus station. Out the corner of her eye she sees a BMW and knows right away that it is Wyatt. Walking over to the car he gets out and greets her with a hug. "Damn baby girl, look at you out and about and besides the cast on your arm no one would be able to tell what you went through."
"Please don’t call me baby girl, Liam always called me that and from the looks of it I won't be hearing it again. I really screwed it up with him this time."
"Yea I know, Gavin told me that he took off two weeks ago. I want to call him, but I know how he is he just needs his space. I bet you have not left his mind. What happened between the two of you?"
"My fault as I said. I was on so much pain medicine and when I heard two nurses calling him a dirty pig and that he was down in the ER talking to some blonde bimbo you didn't even cross my mind at that time. I assumed that he was playing me and I turned my back on him. I thought that he would have still come in my room to talk to me but he took off and the next morning Gavin called and asked if I knew where he was. Any suggestions?"
Thinking before he says anything. Wyatt finally decides to tell her what he knows. "Last I heard he was in Georgia, you know we still have family up there and they said that he spent a week with them and then said that he was heading north to a small town that he found last time he was there. What you going to do about it?"
"Umm not sure yet, not much I can do. I can't drive so going after him won't work and I don’t think that he would take my call."
"I say that you do go after him, you know that I am some kind of computer expert and can trace his phone and tell you exactly where he is at. You need a ride to work?"
"I do." Scarlet said as she gets into the car.
"I go back to the doctors this afternoon hoping he lets me drive. I hate relying on the damn bus."
"Would you like me to take you there?"
"Sure if you don't mind I was just going to call my mom." 
Fighting a battle in his mind, Wyatt cannot decide if he wants to ask about Evelyn or not. "How is Evelyn? I miss her so fucking much but she told me goodbye on my birthday and I did not want to go against her wishes. But I can't stop thinking about her and I believe that her mom is stalking me. I seem to be running into her and your mother as a matter of fact everywhere I go. Care to explain that to me." 
Laughing so hard, Scarlet cannot seem to stop before she talks. "Really our moms are following you, that I cannot explain I swear to it. As for Evelyn you really need to talk to her."
"You know that she left me a voicemail that I listen to every day several times a day. The part that I love the most is when she told me that she loved me. I could hear it in her voice she really does. But I never responded to it at all. Help Scarlet, I am stuck and don’t know what to do."
"I can tell you something that I found out but you won’t believe me just for the simple fact that you know that I can't stand umm Chloe." Forcing her name out. "You do know that she is cheating on you and I know with whom now."
Turning his head away from her and staring at the road Wyatt finally looks back and says, "Your right, I am not going to believe you. I do know but I want proof before I accuse her of it. And she is good at covering it up. I planned on getting caught with Evelyn so that she would leave me but then Evee said goodbye to me and got to thinking about it I don't think that she would even care if I cheated on her."
"Wyatt why do it? I understand that you made a promise but you cannot be happy like that. You found the woman you are supposed to be with and marry but yet you are denying both her and yourself."
"Ah look who is talking, it’s easy to tell someone what to do but not as easy to take your own advice and get out of my car." Wyatt said with a smile.
"Damn Wy, I didn't think that I pissed you off that quick that you are kicking me out of the car."
"I am not kicking you out, you are at work dummy."
"You know that you are a jerk right. And you need to go and check on Evelyn hell at least send her a message telling her goodbye and that you will always love her. Don’t leave it open like this. She misses you so much and I can see it in her eyes no matter what she tells me."
"Are you sure, it has been two weeks since that message and I don’t think that she will take it very well that it took me this long to respond."
"Just do it and pick me up around 2:45pm my appointment is at 3:30pm across town."
"I will try to build the courage to text her and I will be here at 2pm. Love ya Scarlet."
"Love ya too Wy. Now dump the bitch and go get the love of your life back like I plan to do."
With that Scarlet closes the car door and heads to her store. Looking around everything seems to be in place. She finds a note in her mailbox and is almost as scared to open but remembering that Jason is dead she grabs it and heads inside. Getting back into her daily routine she quickly has the store open and filled with people. Many asking her how she was and that they heard what happen. Telling her story over and over she always leaves out the part where she killed him even though most of them know that he was killed they all just assume that the cops are the ones that did and when it is known how he was killed they put it to the Cuban Angels but never to her or Evelyn. Her mom called several times during the day to see if she was ok or needed anything. Always had the same answers "I am fine and No mother."
But it never had seemed to fail every hour on the hour she called again. Before she knew it Wyatt was walking into the store. Looking down at a clock she sees that she worked right through lunch. Grabbing her bag and putting up the closed sign she leaves for the doctors.
"Scarlet I have something for you that you might want depending on how your visit goes with the doctor."
"What is it?"
"You will have to wait and see what the doctor says."
"You are wrong Wyatt just so that you know that."
"I am aware of that, been told many times and that was a well known fact the moment doctor said that I was a boy."
"Ha you got jokes don't you? Did you talk to Evelyn?"
"I do have many jokes and no I did not talk to her. Like I said I am scared to."
"Damn and you were the one the doctor claimed to be a boy, where is your balls Wyatt?"
"Ouch that one hurt and it has nothing to do with my manhood more of my broken heart and hers."
"I get you there but you are only hurting both of you more when you try to ignore the love that you guys have. I am tired of having this conversation with the two of you." Wyatt looks surprised at Scarlet, "really you tell her the same thing?"
"You two are some of the biggest idiots that I know of. I know that I am one as well and I plan on fixing that as soon as I have the go ahead from the doctor."
"And what are you going to do about it you idiot?"
"I don’t know yet. Not going to make any plans until I know how today goes."
"Sounds good to me and we are here. Ready for your future Scar?"
"I am. Lets go and if mine works out will you please at least pick up your balls and tell Evelyn that you love her."
"Yes I will I can do at least that much. And a future reference can we please leave my balls out of any conversation that we will have?"
Smiling at Wyatt knowing that she has embarrassed him beyond belief. He was more of the laid back private kind of guy, did not like talking about his personal body parts or anything sexual in front of any lady. Walking into the doctors Wyatt and Scarlet wait and wait, finally she is called back and is examined. Two hours later they are leaving the doctor's office Wyatt hands Scarlet a piece of paper and gives her a hug. "Now what?" Wyatt asked her while opening the car door for her. Looking at the piece of paper she remembers the note that was in her mailbox. Digging in her bag she finds it and opens it. 
Scarlet my baby girl,
If you got this note that means that you are back at work and have noticed by now that I am nowhere to be found. However I wanted to give you something. I planned on asking you the night of my birthday but then everything went wrong. First you were taken from me and I felt like my world was gone. Then I decided that after I found you and Evelyn I was going to wait for you to get better but then we had a falling out and I was so pissed at you for turning your back on me.
I am not going to be in any kind of relationship where I am constantly defending myself. I love you Scarlet more than you will ever be able to dream up. You are my everything and I hope that one day you yourself can see that. Until that day I will be lost without you. If you know deep in your heart that you can never fully trust the love that I have for you then please keep what is enclosed in the envelope and know that I will forever love you but can never be your friend. I hope you understand why.
Never will stop loving you,
Liam
Crying uncontrollably now, she looks into the envelope and finds a diamond engagement ring. This only made her cry even more. "I am an idiot a stupid idiot that does not deserve this man's love. Everyone kept telling me not to be too hard on him to just forgive him and love him the way that he needs to be loved because all he will do is return the love the same if not stronger. I fucked up bad this time."
Wyatt getting into the car sees that she is in tears and does not look like she is going to stop any time soon. "Scarlet what I handed you was not that emotional, why are you crying the doctor gave you happy news today?" Seeing the other paper in her hand he grabs it and in doing so the ring fell out of her hand as well. Reading the note and looking at the ring he remembers this ring well.
Liam bought it right before graduation for Scarlet. He was not suppose to know that Liam was saving every penny that he had for it and took all that and everything that he got graduation and went and bought it with the hopes of asking her that night. But for some reason he changed his mind and never asked her. Liam got so pissed about him finding the ring when they were packing their stuff for college and he made Liam explain the ring to him. Reaching across the car he pulls Scarlet close to him and just holds her in a tight embrace ad just let her cry. After a few minutes she wipes her face and he drives away.


Chapter 20

It has been several hours when Liam wakes up. Looking at the blurry numbers on the clock it is approaching 7pm. Hungry, Liam finds his phone and keys and heads to his car. Driving for a few minutes he finds a small restaurant to eat at. Making a note that he needs to find a real store and get some food. Paying for his bill he also makes a mental note that it nowhere near the Cuban food he is use to getting back in Miami. He gets back into his car and looks for a place to do some kind of shopping. Finding what looks like a store he runs in and gets what he needs. Out the corner of eye he sees a woman that he swears is Scarlet. Shaking his head he goes back outside doing a double take but the woman was gone.
Deciding that he needs some more sleep he goes back to his hotel room. Once there he strips down to just his boxers and finds a movie to watch. His phone goes off and he ignores it without even looking at it. And again it goes off this time he grabs it and sees that it is Scarlet. Deciding not to answer it he sends her to voice. "Give her a taste of her own medicine. But next time I will answer it." And before he could even put it down it went off again.
"Hello" Liam said with fire to his voice. But nothing happened. No one said a word back to him and he could feel the pain in his chest. "Did she hang up on me?" Looking at the screen he can see that she is still there. "Scarlet, are you there." Hearing her faint cries and sniffles he can feel the burn in his chest again. Thinking to himself "How can I hurt her some more. Why can't I just say that I am sorry for everything? Because I don't want to always being the one to say sorry, it needs to be a two way street."
"I love you Liam and I am so sorry. Will you please come back to me?" Caught off guard at her voice the tears run free of his eyes and down his cheek. That's why I can say sorry because I know that she loves me. "Scarlet I know that you love me but I am not going to be with you if cannot trust me and always turn your back on me."
Just then there was a knock on the door. Ignoring it because he did not need any maid service until they knocked again. Getting frustrated because he did want any company while he was finally getting to hear Scarlet's voice. Flinging the door open he drops his phone. It is Scarlet in the flesh standing at his door in the middle of nowhere. "I am sorry Liam please forgive me."
"Shit Scarlet how did you find me?" Pulling her into his arms and kissing her before she ever had a chance to answer him. Wrapping herself around him he carried her to the bed. "God Scarlet, I have missed you and I will always forgive you remember that."
"I was wrong Liam and by the time I knew it you were gone."
"Which brings me back how did you find me?"
"Wyatt gave me a piece of paper with this address on it and told me that I had no choice. That he did what I told him to do and now I had to come find you and bring you back."
"So you only came because he told you to?"
"No he only found where you were and I came because I want you to ask me now." Digging in her pocket. "What do you mean you want me to ask you now?"
Finally reaching what she was looking for she hands him the ring. Taking it from her he holds it in his hand and looks at her. "We have a lot to talk about before I ask you that. I made it clear in that note that you got with this ring what we both needed to work on."
"I get that and I want to talk to you about how you are always walking out on me instead of staying and talking. When I turned my back on you in the hospital that is because that is what you do to me whenever we fight. It was a taste of your own medicine and for that my sweetness I am sorry."
"Baby girl we have to learn a lot about each other. We are both stubborn, hardheaded and set in our own ways."
"I know that as well as you do. You know that I have been hurt and you are master playboy in himself. I need to trust you and you need learn to be more sensitive. But what I need to work on the most is talking to you first before I get so angry at something that I heard from someone else."
"Kiss me please. I know that we have a lot to talk about; it’s just been to long since you lips have been on mine and your body in my arms. So please just shut up and kiss me Scarlet. We can talk later."
Wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him back down on the bed where she has been lying under him. Scarlet kisses him soft and gentle at first but as they continued it becomes fierce and deep. Liam runs his hands up her shirt and feels her body tense up. Stopping what he was doing he pulls away and looks down at her. Scarlet has tears running down her face. "I am so sorry Liam. I tried but.." Stuttering on her words while she tries to hold back her tears Liam just bends down and holds her.
"No need to say sorry baby girl. I understand I really do. Can I ask you one thing that is personal and I want you to be honest with me and it will not change the way I see you."
"Ok ask me."
"Did Jason rape you or Evelyn?"
"When I woke up I asked the doctors because I could not remember anything after being hit. He told me no, that there was nothing to show rape.
"Either way it didn't matter to me but I am so glad that he didn't. I love you Scarlet and please trust me that I will never hurt you on purpose."
"I know Liam, and I love you too. I need to shower would you like to join me? Oh and I need a plastic bag for my arm."
"You know that I will and as for the plastic bag I got some of those too. Tell me where did you learn to swing that hard that you broke your wrist?"
"As we told you guys back in June we have been taking self defense classes." She said with a slight smile while getting off the bed. "Scar that is not something you learn to do in self defense class."
"Fine I have taken up playing sports. I like to play softball, basketball and some soccer. That’s also how I lost a lot of my weight and got to be a little healthier."
"Wow, so now you can go one on one with me on the courts, I love that and I love you just the way that you are."
Liam grabs her by the arm and pulls her close to him once they are in the bathroom. Kissing her softly along her jaw line he runs his hands down her back and over her butt. Cupping it he picks her up and puts her on the counter. "Can I please take your clothes off you? One step at a time."
Nodding a yes she lefts up her hands up so that he can remove her shirt that she had on. He slides his hands around her back and unhooks her bra. Not pulling it off of her right away he massages her round full breast. Scarlet wraps her legs tighter around Liam and pulls him closer to her. Feeling his hard cock she moans in his ear. She slides her hands under the waist band of his boxers and pushes them down grabbing them with her feet she pulls them the rest of the way off.
Kissing her down neck and over her breast, every where his hands touch he leaves gentle kisses pulling her pink lace panties and jeans off in one quick movement. Standing there he can feel her body shivering. With one hand he turns on the water in the shower. Helping her into the shower he watches the water run over her body. Scarlet tilts her head back and lets the water run down her hair.
Liam gets in and presses his chest close to her back and kisses the side of her neck and collar bone. Running his hands down the length of her arms grabbing her arm that still has the cast on it and pulls it over his head and around his neck. He then grabs the soap and lathers it over her body with his other hand. Scarlet can feel his hard cock pressing against her back. Having the need to be filled and no way to explain it to him she turns around to face him. 
"Liam, slide your fingers in me like you did before." Scarlet pants against his chest. "Are you sure that is what you want me to do? You know that I do not want you to feel like you have to prove anything to me."
"I want you too, I have this empty feeling and I want you to fill it for me. It’s like nothing I have ever felt before."
Liam knowing what she is talking about and knowing that his fingers are not what is going to fill that burning need growing in her. But he does as she asked and slides one finger into her slick wet folds. Moaning as he does, Scarlet tightens her muscles around his finger. With that one movement he slides another one in her. With a steady rhythm he glides his fingers in and out of her while whispering in her ear how much he loves her and can't wait for when he can make love to her. Without a second thought he pulls his fingers out and turns off the water. Picking her up he carries her to the bed where he lays her down. With shallow breathing she tries to ask him what he is doing but cannot seem to form the words that she is looking for.
"Scarlet I want to make love to you now, but I want it to be special and this hotel room is not where I want it to take place. Remember what I did to you the last time that we showered?"
Shaking her head yes and running her hands over his chest she stretches her neck to kiss him. "You want me to do that to do you again?"
"Always baby. As of now it is the one of the best things that you do to me. But this time I want to go first. I can't explain why but I want to feel you in my hands again, to slide my tongue over the silky skin when you are hard, gently sucking on and to taste you in mouth when you come."
Getting off of her while she tells him these things he gets harder. Rolling to his back she rolls on top of him. Not taking her time she goes straight for his cock and starts a steady up and down motion, before he could get his mind right she runs her tongue from the bottom to the tip of his head. Scarlet watches his face to see what he likes. There was not a thing she did that he did not enjoy. Scarlet can feel his body tighten up and her own body in response becoming moist in between her legs. Wrapping her mouth around for what she knows will be the final pull for him to explode his seed in her mouth. Yelling out her name Liam lets everything that has been building up in him release into her.
Scarlet looking up at Liam after he is done slides her body over his kissing her way up to his mouth. He cups her face in his hands and kisses her soft and passionate. Flipping her over so she is on her stomach, he lines kisses down her back and slips two fingers into her being careful not to breech her barrier. He wraps his other arm around her to massage her breast. Within minutes he brings Scarlet to an even higher ecstasy then she felt the first time that he did anything to her. Once her body relaxed he laid her on her back on the bed and covered her with his body. "Are you ready to go home?"
Scarlet said still trying to catch her breath and feeling lightheaded." Yes, let’s go home. "
"Where are you bags?"
"In my rental car wasn't sure if you would let me in and forgive me."
"Ok, let me get my things together and we can drop your car off where ever you got it from and then we will drive back together."
"I got it from the airport in Atlanta."
"Baby girl you drove all the way here alone?"
"Yes, I was determined to get the love of my life back no matter what it took. I got cleared to drive earlier today and Wyatt already had my stuff packed a plane ticket and your location all I had to do was come and get you."
"I can't believe that you went through all that for me. I really don't deserve someone like you. But I am willing to try to prove myself to you."
"Liam I am only going to say this once and never again. You deserve me as much as I deserve you. We have been without each other for way to long."
"I hear you Scarlet and I can only agree with you."
Packing all of his stuff they head down to the cars. Making plans on who will lead and who will follow knowing that it is a long drive to Atlanta they set off to go home. Once in Atlanta they drop off Scarlet's car and grab a bite to eat then head home.
Several hours have passed and Liam is just now getting to the outskirts of Miami. Seeing that Scarlet is sleeping peacefully he lets her be. By 7:00pm he makes it to his house, still sleeping Liam gets her out of the car and carries her inside. Waking up with the change in movement Scarlet sees that Liam is carrying her into his bedroom.
Kissing his neck Liam smiles and tosses her on the bed with a grin. Going out to get all of their stuff he comes back to find Scarlet missing once again. Hearing the shower run he heads in there to find her taking a shower but can hear her crying. "Scarlet why are you crying did I hurt you when I threw you on the bed?"
"God no, they are happy tears. Finally for the first time in my life everything feels right." Opening the curtain Liam stands there with a smile on his face. "I know what you are talking about. Move in with me Scarlet."
"What about Gavin? I cannot kick him out of his house and I am not going to leave Evelyn alone."
"Then I will move in with you, if it is ok with Evelyn. I don't want to wake up without you there next to me."
Smiling at Liam she agrees to talk to Evelyn. And pulls him into the shower fully clothed. Once out Scarlet sends Evelyn, Gavin Wyatt and Adriana a text telling them that she is back with Liam and they all want to get together for a late dinner. They both get ready and head to The Cuban Place.
First there was Evelyn and Wyatt looking uncomfortable and not really talking. Then showed up Adriana, Evelyn and Scarlet have become really good friends with her since they all met in the hospital. Next was Scarlet and Liam and right after them was Gavin who stopped short in his tracks when he seen Adriana, feeling his heart race and the right words to say to her he walks over to the table. Standing there for a few minutes, without much thought processing going on he bends down and takes Adriana's mouth by force and kisses her with a rough passion. Causing everyone at the table to hoot and holler.
Getting down by her side at eye level Gavin pours his heart out to her. "Adriana I want to try a relationship with you. No one night stands just a straight forward honest relationship."
"Do you think that you a ready for it? I like you Gavin more than you could ever know. I feel safe with you complete and when you are not near I feel lost and missing. I am a believer in true love and I know that you are not. I do not want to force you into anything that you are not ready for."
"I am ready. I was so mad when I woke up and you were no longer in bed. I have felt nothing but emptiness since you walked out on me. Please just give me a chance and yes you will be my first real relationship ever so you will have to bear with me and all of the mistakes that I will make."
"I already planned on giving you a chance I just wanted you to come to me." Leaning over to him she kisses Gavin again. Scooting her chair closer Gavin grabs her hand and squeezes it. Wyatt being the first one to speak, "Now that is how it is done."
Scarlet caught the look and Evelyn's eye and before Wyatt had a chance to say another word, Evelyn climbs into his lap and kisses Wyatt like he did to her in Scarlet’s bookstore all those weeks ago rendering him speechless. Only took a few seconds for him to join her in the kiss, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her down on his hardened length. Feeling that Evelyn grinds her hips on him building with moisture that he can now feel since she had on a short skirt and he had on a pair of basketball shorts with no boxers. Before Evelyn got off of Wyatt's lap she whispered into his ear. "Baby please don’t marry her. I love you too much to let you do it. I will always love you."
Getting off his lap without flashing every one she sits next to him. Never taking his eyes off of her he writes on her leg with his one hand ‘I love you more’ thinking about what he just wrote she smiles at him. "Damn didn't know it was that kind of dinner." Liam said laughing which caught all of their attentions. Now that everyone is settled into their own chair and seem to be happy with what's going on Liam stands up and then bends down in front of Scarlet holding up the engagement ring that she gave back to him in Georgia. He has had it in his front pocket ever since they left waiting for everyone to be together so that he could ask her just like he always planned to do since high school. "Scarlet Jones, will you please do me the honor of becoming my wife for the rest of our lives together?" "Yes!" Scarlet yells without any hesitation bending down to kiss Liam.
Just as everyone settles and gets into a conversation about wedding planning and a date. Wyatt’s phone vibrates in his pocket. Pulling it out it is a text from Chloe reminding to get fitted for his tuxedo. Wyatt shoves the phone back in his pocket and watches Evelyn talk and laugh with Scarlet and Adriana. "Damn I am going to miss out on such a beautiful woman because of a fucking promise."


Chapter 21

The sky is a beautiful bright blue with the most amazing white puffy clouds that look handpicked. The sun is a vibrant yellow with a wash of orange in it. The sand is that just washed by god himself white. The ocean is a crystal clear bluish green. The cool crisp ocean breeze is what makes this the most perfect day for anyone to be on beach for this wedding.
"It's is my wedding day and I can't believe it. How did it get here so fast? And within the next two days we will be in Jamaica on our honey moon. Could my life be any better than what it is now? No I do not think so." It is September 22nd and they rushed to get the wedding the wedding together in just over a month. Little did they know that her family had already been planning it and there was not much that she had to do once they announced their engagement to everyone. Looking at herself one final time in the mirror before her mom comes to get her.
Nervous as much as one can be nervous she tries to calm her stomach which has killer butterflies flipping around in it. Her mom walks in and smiles at her with tears in her eyes. Her baby girl is getting married today and the groom could not get any luckier.
"Look at you baby. You are beautiful."
"Stop crying momma you're gonna make me cry and ruin my makeup."
"I'm sorry sweetie you are just amazing in that dress and look so happy. I can't remember the last time I seen you this happy."
"It's ok, are you ready? Where is daddy?"
"I am, he is waiting for us. As soon as I sit everyone will begin the walk down the aisle." "I love you momma."
Carefully putting her arms around her daughter she whispers "I love you more," and they hold each other in one of the most emotional embraces they have ever been in.
The bridesmaid and the maid of honor come join them in the room. Everyone in awe, they share a few hugs and kisses and most importantly a few laughs. Going over her check list she makes sure that she has her something blue, something new, something old and something borrowed. Assured now that she has everything they walk out the room. Walking out of the hotel they meet up with the groomsmen and the best man and her dad. Watching her mom rush to her seat, everyone begins one by one down the aisle. When the music starts for the bride she walks towards her future, to the man she agreed to marry those few short weeks ago.
Feeling the butterfly’s quick return she stops short in her tracks which makes her dad stumble. "Are you ok baby?"
"I am daddy just nervous. Am I making the right choice?"
"Now you want to ask now that your groom is standing at the other end waiting to make you his wife?"
"It's just...."
"It's just nothing you have waited too long for this day and I be damned if I let you get scared now and run. He loves you more than you will ever know. Take his hand in marriage and love him. It will be different but you have to make that change for your happiness baby girl, for your future."
"I love you daddy."
"I know as do I."
With a new confidence she starts her walk again to her future. Every one stands and smiles as she walks down the aisle, pictures being taken and the closer she gets to him the more her butterflies become active and the tears threaten to pour from your eyes. Finally where she needs to be her father gives her away. With shaking hands she takes his hand and can feel the tremble in his as well. Smiling at one another the preacher is finishing up the first prayer. Within a few minutes they say ‘I Do’ and for the first big change of their lives they have their first kiss as husband and wife. Turning to face the guest in attendance as the preacher says his final words.
"I would like to introduce you to Mr. and Mrs. Liam Williams."
The beach erupted in whistles, crying, yelling, hoots and a bunch of hollering as Liam and Scarlet made their way back down the aisle holding onto each other tight signaling that they will never let go again.
With a quick picture session with one another and their families Liam and Scarlet are itching to get away from everybody for just a few minutes. Everyone is now making it back into the hotel to start the chitchat and mingling. No one notices that the newlyweds are missing from the group. Scarlet and Liam quickly disappear back upstairs to the room to get changed and have a few minutes alone with each other.
"So Mrs. Williams will you do me the honor of coming over here and letting me kiss my wife the way I really wanted to."
"Now, what makes you think I want you start kissing me like that? I would like to enjoy the rest of our wedding with our family and friends. And if I let you kiss me the way you want I won't want you to stop."
"Exactly." Liam said as he crossed the room in a few quick strides and before Scarlet could protest any longer he had her tight in his arms unzipping the back of her dress. With one quick movement she is standing there in nothing but her strapless bra and white thongs. Stepping back to take it all in before he says another word,
"Scar you are truly the most beautiful woman I have ever laid my lucky eyes on. And I cannot wait to take you as my wife fully tonight. This is the night I wanted to make love to you for the first time. The first day we met and the first day you became my wife for the rest of my life."
Wiping a tear from her face she takes control of his mouth and with a need deep in her belly and her heart she kisses him. Wanting, no needing something more she pulls his shirt out of his pants and slides her hands behind the button. He pulls her closer running his hands up her back and into her hair without thinking and now most of her hair has fallen out the hair style that Evelyn worked on for two hours. Dropping his pants to the floor she takes him into her hand and strokes his hard erection.
Cupping her ass in hands and lifting her up she wraps her legs around him just as he is laying her on the bed both of their cells are going off. Reluctantly he pulls away from her and grabs his phone. "Hello," hanging his head before responding again. "Yes ma'am we will be right down." Completely embarrassed he starts laughing. "That was my mother she told me to stop trying consummate our marriage and to get our butts downstairs now before she comes up."
"Yup I am embarrassed. How am suppose to face your mother now?"
"Same way I have to with a horny grin."
Getting up Scarlet finds her reception dress and puts it on. Trying to fix her hair which is a hopeless cause she settles for what she can get back and leaves the rest. Looking into the mirror she sees Liam watching her with amazement and the most beautiful sparkle in his eyes. Turning around to him she walks over and puts her arms around his waist. "And what my love has you smiling like that?"
"That’s a simple answer. You."
"Let’s go before our mothers come up to get us."
Once again hand in hand they head out the room. Liam holding the door for Scarlet and kissing her hand as she walks out. Others in the hotel are watching them when they over hear an older lady
"If I have never seen two people truly in love with one another"
"Thank you ma'am and yes we are truly in love have been since middle school."
Before they knew it, it was time to throw the bouquet .of flowers along with the garter. Liam takes Scarlet’s hand and leads her to the front stage to get everyone’s attention. "Will all the single ladies join me of the floor time to toss my flowers," waiting on them all Scarlet gets ready to throw it.
"Ready, 1, 2, 3," she lets go and quickly turns around. Evelyn with determination in her eyes gracefully catches it and smiles at Wyatt. After that Liam grabs Scarlet and brings her to a chair in the middle of a room. Kneeling down in front of her he removes her garter with his teeth. Hooting and hollering Liam gets everyone's attention. "Gentlemen, gentlemen it is now time to catch this very sexy whatever it is! Are you ready?" Turning around he leans back and flicks it a lot harder than he thought. It shot across the room and into Wyatt's glass of wine. Chloe snatched it up before Wyatt even had a chance to. Walking back over to Liam shoves it in his hand. "This belongs to you, not my fiancé."
"Sorry gold dig.... er Chloe, but I did not aim for him and no matter he is not married yet so it is his. And now he gets to put it on which ever beautiful lady caught the bouquet of flowers. So will the lovely lady please join this very handsome man up here?" Working her way up Evelyn just glares at Chloe. 
Evelyn sits in the chair and Wyatt kneels in front of her. Pulling up her dress and exposing her right leg that no longer has the cast on it but has a scar. Feeling ashamed by it she tries to quickly change legs but Wyatt stops her. Running his hand gently up her leg over the scar, feeling the goose bumps on her legs he looks up and smiles at her. Taking the garter into his mouth he slips it over her foot pulling it up over her leg he places it right above her knee with a kiss and flick of his tongue he felt her tremble under his touch. Standing up everyone around them starts shouting for them to dance, when the music starts Wyatt pulls Evelyn as close as he can.
Dancing to Patti LaBell’s, ‘Love, Need and Want You’, which is the perfect song, Evelyn rests her head in the crook of his neck facing him. Taking a deep breath she inhales his scent. Whispers begin between the two of them as Liam signals to the DJ to turn it up just a little to make sure that no one can hear them.
"Evee, I have missed you so much."
"Me too, I need you Wyatt. I am starving for your touch, burning for you."
"I am still trying to find a way out, but she is being extra careful."
"I already told you baby just leave her. I know that you keep your promises and I will not look at you any different. Please I don't know how much longer I can last without you. Make love to me tonight."
"Evee, I want to I really do, but you know that I am not one to cheat. I can say that I no longer love her but I cannot be unfaithful to her."
"What about me? I love you Wyatt, why make me suffer like this?"
"I am sorry. Meet me upstairs in thirty minutes after our dance I really want to talk to you." Wyatt said while placing a discreet kiss on her neck.
"I will."
"I love you Evee and we will make this work."
As the song comes to an end everyone starts to cheer. Before they had a chance to move apart almost everybody was on the dance floor. Working their way to Liam and Scarlet and quickly thanking them for the turning up the music so they could talk and asking them to cover so that they could disappear upstairs.
Grabbing for the microphone Scarlet makes a quick announcement, "My husband and I are looking for our best man, maid of honor, bridesmaid and groomsmen. You know who you are and we ask that you meet us upstairs in about five minutes there is something that we would like to give to you. And please no one else it is a very personal and private moment for us."
Quickly they all retreat upstairs, Evelyn being the last one to show up. Once in the elevator she tries to calm herself, and steady her nerves. When the elevator opens she was not expecting Wyatt to be standing there with a dozen red roses. Rushing out she wraps her arms around him. Pulling her down the hall and into the room where everyone else is waiting.
"So why did you bring us all up here?" Gavin asked. "Oh I really didn’t need you all but I know that you cannot stand Chloe as much as the rest of us and it would work better for our cover."
Gavin looking confused turning his head where Adriana pointed there was Evelyn sitting in Wyatt's lap locked into a hot and steamy kiss. "Oh, gotcha, hey I am game as long as we can get a room as well." Smiling at Adriana, Gavin makes her blush.
Wyatt stands up holding Evelyn in his arms and carries her to the adjoining hotel suite and closes the door behind him. Hearing the locks clank on the other side they all know that the two of them are not coming out of there for many hours.
"Liam baby, we need to get back downstairs before people start to think we took off."
Taking Scarlet by the hand the two of them head back down to the reception where no one seemed to notice that they were still missing. Several hours have passed and everyone finally says their goodbyes.
Liam takes Scarlet into his arms and spins her around the dance floor. "May I have this last dance of the night Mrs. Williams?"
"Of course you can Mr. Williams." Holding her hand to his lips he bows and then places a single kiss across her knuckles. They dance together as one with only the music in their hearts. After their last dance they head upstairs.
Scarlet is in the bathroom talking herself into this. Yes she has always wanted to make love with Liam and let him take her virginity and tonight is that night scared but yet thrilled she slides into the one gift her mother gave to her. A sheer white silk and lace baby doll lingerie. Brushing her hair out, removing all of her makeup, brushing her teeth. Trying to make sure that she does everything before Scarlet goes out to the room with her husband who is lying on the bed waiting to enter her. With that thought the killer butterflies start flipping in her stomach. "Why am I so nervous? He will be careful with me, we have messed around before. But this time it is different he will be inside of me." Feeling the tremble of her own legs Scarlet braces herself against the bathroom counter.
Liam is sitting on the bed nervous, lying down, covering up, and sitting back up removing his clothes putting his clothes back on. Just completely freaking out about making love to his wife for the first time ever. 
"Why am I so nervous this is not my first time? But it is hers. What if I hurt her, go in to fast or hard or even to deep? How do I know that her small body can take all of me in her with ripping her? I can't do it. I need to prepare her for me. I just can't slip my big dick in her and expect it not to hurt. I will make her finish a few times. Work her up get her slick and loosen the muscles. Yea, that's what I will do."
Looking down he sees that just the mere thoughts of her make him hard.
"Maybe I should take care of myself first so that I can keep control of myself. I don't want to bust as soon as I touch her wet slick pink lips. Shit man stop thinking like that. It's not helping."
Shaking his head he tries to bring himself back to reality but is having a hard time until Scarlet opens the bathroom door.
Opening the door she sees Liam sitting on the bed looking like he is fighting a battle within himself. So she just stands there when he finally looks over to her he does not move or say a word. Wondering what he is thinking Scarlet starts to get embarrassed so she quickly retreats back into the bathroom about in tears. But not before Liam gets to the door. Stopping it with his foot he grabs her arm. Without any words he pulls her out into the main room. "You look absolutely amazing. Please let me look at you." Blushing she tips her head up to look Liam in eyes. There is that twinkle that she just loves and makes her melt every time.
"But you have seen me naked before."
"Yes I have but that as Scarlet Jones, now you are Scarlet Williams my wife. And I will always love to just look at you naked. Your body it the most beautiful creation by god and he made it just for me. And you’re not naked but will be soon enough."
"Liam?" Scarlet says trying to break Liam’s stare that is now burning a hole in her body. "Yes?"
"You are making me really nervous by just staring can you at least kiss me or something?" 
Smiling at what she said he runs the back of hand over her cheek, down her neck and across the swell of her breast. Lightly placing a kiss on her lips he quickly lifts her up and brings her to bed. Sitting on the bed so that she is in his lap he continues to kiss her. Scarlet can feel his erection pressing her thigh and is turned on by it but she can also feel the size and that has her scared. Liam notices her sudden tension and flips her on to the bed. Now on top of her and cradled between her thighs he can see fear in her eyes. Pulling away from her he is standing at the end of the bed just looking down at her.
"Baby, why did you stop?"
"Because you are scared and tense, I am not going to force myself on you or make you go faster than you are ready to."
"Liam come here, come lay with me so that I can talk to you and tell you what I am feeling."
Doing as she said Liam sits next to Scarlet on the bed grabs her hand and is kissing it. Scarlet quickly gets on top of Liam and kisses him as deep and passionate as she can. "Listen to me baby. I am scared more than you could ever know. But it's not the sex that has me scared. I am scared that you are not going to enjoy yourself and then be disappointed in me and never want to touch me again."
"Damn, love I would never be disappointed in you. It is something that we learn to do together. Everyone is different and we are no better."
"But you have people to compare me to. I will not be as good as them."
"I would never compare you to anyone ever. You are my wife and you will always be my number one."
"This next one is embarrassing for me to say but I must. You are huge how is that suppose to fit in me? It's going to hurt."
"It will hurt but one for a minute or two. After that it will be like we are meant to be together. It will fit perfect in you."
Scarlet leans forward kissing Liam again while grinding her hips on him. Tightening his hold on her a little he lays back and rolls them over so that he is on top of her. "And baby girl I am not just going to shove into you. I want you to be ready for me and you will know when that is."
Caressing her body Liam leaves a line of kisses from her neck to right above her curls. Scarlet's body trembles when she feels the heat from his mouth on her most personal spot she mumbles his name when he licks between her folds. Trying to catch her breath he does it again and again. Scarlet has her hands clenched into the sheets and her body is shaking she can feels like the ocean ripping through her body during a hurricane. Liam can feel the tremors in her body and knows that she is on the verge of erupting. He slides a finger into her making her moan.
With a steady rhythm he slides another finger and continues until she comes in his mouth. Thinking that Liam is done she tries to get up. He pushes her back down and continues to suck on her sweet nub. Not knowing how she can possibly take any more but is quickly brought back to burning point. Needing him to fill her she tries to speak but can’t seem to find the words or her voice, finally putting her words together. "Liam. Please. I. Want. You. In. Me. I. Need to. Feel you. In me!"
Hearing her pleas he moves back up her body. Running his hands over her he grabs her lingerie that she had on and slips it over her head. He holds her arms over her head with one arm and slips his other back in between her legs. Playing with her curls he finds her clit and puts a little pressure on it. Just enough to make her thrust her hips into the palm of his hand. Catching her moan in his mouth he traces her lips with his tongue. Opening up to him she slips her tongue into his mouth, enticing him, encouraging him to do more. Pulling away he whispers into her ear.
"Are you ready for me?"
"Yes. Please. Now I can't stand this empty burning feeling anymore."
"It's going to hurt but not for long. If you can't handle it let me know and I will stop."
Putting the tip at her warm wet entrance he carefully slides in inch by inch. "Am I hurting you?" Shaking her head no he continues to push further into her. Finally feeling her barrier Liam leans closer to her and kisses her as he pushes with one final thrust breaking it. Catching her scream of both pain, and pleasure as Liam kisses Scarlet. Not wanting to cause any more pain he keeps still. "Please don't stop, it feels so good to have you in me."
Knowing that he hurt her and is still hurting her he does what she asks. Pushing himself to the hilt and pulling back out slowly, Liam finds the rhythm. Scarlet matches him thrust for thrust. On the verge of busting he let's go of her hands. Bracing his hands on each side of her head, he moves a little faster. Scarlet runs her nails down Liam's back to his ass. Spreading her knees even further she pulls Liam deeper into her and it was at the moment she lost all control screaming his name Liam explodes his seed into her. Collapsing on her chest Liam takes Scarlet's mouth with his whispering while he kissed her.
"I am so sorry that I had to hurt you."
"Liam, you didn't hurt me. It was perfect and I am glad that I held out for you. "I love you my baby girl."
"I love you more."
Rolling to the side and taking Scarlet with him. He holds her close and before he could say another word she is fast asleep in his arms. Finally Scarlet is released of that burning desire that she has had since high school.

###

An Excerpt from Devoted Fury
Book 2 in the Sensual Anger Series


Evelyn is lying on her bedroom floor, staring at the ceiling, questioning what went wrong with Wyatt the night of Scarlet and Liam’s wedding. How could she fight with him, then, let him walk away because she told him to go, to leave her alone. Closing her eyes she thinks of the memories, ones that she has worked so hard to block out everyday since the night that changed her life forever. Feeling the tears run free from her eyes, streaking her cheeks until they fall, letting them become absorbed into her pillow. Evelyn let’s her mind go back to that night and what happened.
*****

Vaguely hearing the voices around her, lost in her own joy and happiness, Evelyn is finally in Wyatt’s arms. Sitting on Wyatt’s lap, Evelyn is placing kisses all over his neck, face, shoulders, wherever she can find somewhere to press her lips to or flick her tongue across. Never noticing that Wyatt lifts her up, leaving everyone, taking her to a private room, then, she hears the door click shut. Opening her eyes as Wyatt sets her down on the bed, slowly snaking his body over hers. With one hand tangled in her hair and the other unzipping her bridesmaid dress, he kisses down her neck. Stopping him before he could go any further Evelyn takes his head in her hands, pulling him away from her chest.
"Wyatt this is wrong. We can't do this."
"I want you Evelyn. I need you Evelyn. I want to be with you and only you Evelyn."
"But wwwhat about Chloe?" Trying to keep her head cleared as he suckles on her right breast while rubbing his thumb across the other one. "Wyatt, you are ssstill engaged to hhher."
"I know but not for long. I am going to kick her out. I can’t take it any more. I sleep in the guest bedroom of my own house. Even my dog is miserable. Please Evelyn let me have you tonight." Kneeling down in front of her he pushes her knees apart, placing gentle wisps of kisses along the inside of her thigh where he was kissing before on the dance floor. Moaning with every kiss she lays back on the bed. Wrapping her legs around his back, Evelyn quietly declares that she is not letting go of him. She wants this more than anything in the world. Before she knows it she is completely undressed and he is cradling himself between her thighs. Kissing her passionately he slides into her.
Yelling out his name making him increase his speed, before either of them can prepare, they are both pushed over the edge. As they reached their climax together, Wyatt collapses on top of Evelyn, pinning her to the bed. Kissing her jaw and running his hands up her body, when she pushes him away.
"Wyatt. This is wrong I am not going to let you use me for sex, tell me that you love me while you are still engaged to that gold digging whore. Now let go of me."
"Evee, please I already told you that I am leaving her. And I can't quench my thirst for you. It is burning out of control."
"No, Wyatt if you can’t respect my wishes then you can't respect me. Leave Wyatt and don't bother me ever again. I know that you will never leave her."
Evelyn knows that she hurt him and he can see the anger in her eyes. Standing up he gets dressed and walks back from her never taking his eyes off of her. He stumbles into the door and unlocks it. Before he walks out and closes the door he looks at her deep into her eyes and just says, "Evelyn Torres, I will always love you and I promise Evelyn, I will marry you one day." He closes the door and walks out of her life.
*****
It is now the beginning of November and she was hoping that by now he would of come around and left Chloe, But still he stays with her. Evelyn is tired of everyone telling her that she needs to either take what she wants or to move on. How can she move on? She loves him more than anything in the world.
Now he is set to get married and all she can do is cry. She goes on about her life like every other person but the moment that she is home by herself, she just stays in bed and cries. "How cold I let him walk out on me like that. I made him leave and now it has been over two months. Guess he can respect my wishes even though I wish now he wouldn't."
Crying even harder Evelyn does not hear her bedroom door open. Gavin is sitting on the edge of her bed when he scares her. "Shit Gavin don't you know how to knock on someone's door before you walk in?" Evelyn gets up off the floor and lays across the bed next to him.
"I did, but you did not answer and I could hear you crying. Evee when are you going to do something about this? I can't stand to see you hurting this way."
"And what do you suppose I do? Go all kinds of crazy and kill the bitch that has my man?"
"Umm, yea, not something you really want to say to a cop. And that's not what I meant. Fight for him. Make him see that he is making the wrong choice with his life."
"He already knows and insists on following through with it. I don't know what to do to make him see that I am the one he should be meeting at that alter, not her."
"Sleep with him again Evee. I know that will make him see that you are the one he should be with."
"I am not using sex to get him."
"That’s not what I am saying, well it is but not just sex, he needs intimacy and I know that you have that passion from past experience."
"Gavin you were only the second guy that I slept with he was the third. I can't just jump into bed and have sex with someone who is still with someone else. After we finished that first time, I knew that I just made that man one thing he was not, a cheater and to this day, I still can’t live with that."
"Wow that I couldn't tell. Blew my mind away. And it is not just someone he is the love of your life and who cares about Chloe, she has been cheating on Wyatt for years, it is about time he got his payback."
Sitting there thinking about what Gavin just said to her she knows that he is right. He is not just anyone, Wyatt is everything to her. Gavin leans forward and wipes her tears away, kissing her softly on the top of her head. He gets up and starts to walk out the room when Evelyn grabs his arm and pulls him down to her.
"Thank you Gavin for talking to me and being a friend. I really do appreciate it."
"No problem Evelyn, anything to see your bright smile again."
Leaving the room, Gavin smiles at himself for giving someone love advice. Stopping short in the hallway he asks himself, "When did I grow up enough to give someone love else love advice?"


Other titles by this J.L Hamilton
PASSIONATE RAGE


Connect with Jamie Online

Smashwords author page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Jlhamilton

Twitter:
Jlhamiltonbooks


