




    		


SEVEN WAKINGS
	    by S K McCauley 
    © Copyright- 2014 by SK McCauley
      Smashwords Edition

 













Prologue - The Gift

As a kid, I knew what I wanted to be when I grew up: a shape shifter. I’d use my super powers to spy on people; watch how they lived. If a grown up was mean, I’d become a giant, remove their roof with my big, blue hands and... 

“Wait, Emma, who decides who the bad guys are?” my father asked in the dim light of our small porch, arranging his hand of cards. 
“Ah do,” I said, in the Southern accent I’d adopted to sound more like my mother.
Dad chuckled and moved his bench back from the picnic table.
“No… really, I can hear the difference.”  I gulped chocolate milk. 
“Bad people sound different?” He laid down a run of hearts— 2, 3, 4. 
“Sure. It’s like when you’re flipping channels and you hit one with nothing on.” 
“Like static,” he said, matter-of-fact. 
“Bad people move different too, real slow, like they’re under water.”
Dad went quiet. I wouldn’t know until later that Mother’s side of the family came with an assortment of “Gifts,” which revealed themselves in a child’s ninth year. I had turned nine that March. 
“Then what happens… in your fantasy, I mean?” He picked up replacement cards. 
“The bad guys get sucked out of the house and the whole neighborhood comes out to watch them float past the moon. Sometimes I’ll do a bunch of houses at once. When all the people float up, it’s like watching rain in reverse.” I laid down three kings. 
He pushed his dinner plate aside. “That’s a lot of bad guys.”
“Yep. Then they get sucked into a black hole and disappear forever.” 
My father, a police chief, taught me a lot of things, but astronomy was my favorite. I thought outer space was a more humane dumping ground than the hell they preached about in my mother’s church. 
I used to go with her— the year she tried being Baptist— but all I liked was the pie they served in the church basement after the preacher talked me to sleep. Maybe if I’d paid more attention, Mother wouldn’t have left for good to try and “find herself.”
By the time I received my Gift, we hadn’t seen her in years. That was just fine by me (she could be all kinds of crazy), but I missed her when it came time to getting tucked in. I liked the way she used to sing me to sleep. Her voice was taffy— sweet and rich. 
After my mom left, Lynette started coming over. She was one of the McCollum clan that lived next door. 
To me, they were one Irish lump, too big for individual recognition. Each one of the kids’ names started with an “L”: Liam, Lochlan, Leith, Lee, and Luxovious were the five boys.  Lyonesse, Lesley, Lynette, and baby Lavena, were the girls. They all called me Mowgli— from The Jungle Book— ‘cause I dressed like a boy, had toasty-tan skin, and wore my hair moppy-brown.
I never could tell one red-haired McCollum from another, until Lynette separated from the pack. Four years older than me, she’d started getting boobs and said she didn’t like being around all those boys. Really, I think she felt bad about my mom leaving. She’d get ready at our house in the morning: put her hair in rollers, sit on the side of the tub, and ask me about my innermost thoughts. 
I liked how she took an interest, made me feel special. Later, I even told her about my Gift. 
Back then, our post-war house was painted brick-red with clean, white trim and sat on the outskirts of Baltimore. Grass pushed green veins of color down cracked sidewalks that passed a hundred houses, on countless blocks, with the same modest floor plan. But Dad made ours different— he put a porch on the front and planted lots of flowers. He liked to watch people walk by, play cards in the rain, and tell stories about our neighbors. 
The way Dad described them: One woman ran the five-and-dime and had lost her husband to a heart attack. The man up the street was a mechanic at the gas station in town who took care of his ailing mother. Another owned a hardware store and was a devoted family man.
I liked the way Dad saw people; they were all decent and hard working in his eyes. But I knew better. The woman stole money from the till, the man took cans of gasoline to set his neighbor’s lawn on fire, and Mr. Carl— the hardware store owner— beat his kids senseless. Having “the Gift” made the bad stuff people did as clear as cells under a microscope. Most things didn’t bother me much… until it came to hurting kids. 
When my mind saw how Mr. Carl treated his own, I arranged a “Come to Jesus.” Standing on his concrete stoop, I told him I would kill him if he kept it up. 
Mr. Carl snorted and told me he was “real scared.” But when I described the exact details of how he whipped his kids like they were slow horses, he got real quiet. Then I started to talk like I was possessed— using Bible words and calling on Lucifer to take his “Evil spirit to the fiery gates of Hell.” 
I even rolled my eyes back in my head for effect and hissed like I’d swallowed a snake. I told him he had two choices: stop beating his kids, or sleep with one eye open. 
He took his fist-fighting to the bar.
Some things never change, like Lynette and me. She’d grow up and listen for a living. I’d keep protecting kids.  















Chapter One- The Black Box

It’s no surprise that Lynette is here today— on the worst of all days— to comfort me. She was also there after my husband died seven years ago; one minute Cal and I were packing for a romantic weekend, and the next he collapsed on the bathroom floor. Aneurism, they said. Just like that, I was a single mother of two young children picking out burial clothes for my high school sweetheart. I bawled for months. At night, after the kids went to bed, I’d lock myself in the bathroom and cry until I fell asleep on ceramic. Sometimes I’d curl into the tub with a blanket and pretend Cal was holding me, calling me Doll, only to find myself waking on cold porcelain. On the worst of nights, Lynette found me in my husband’s closet, weeping amongst his shoes, his favorite Oriole shirt wadded for a pillow. 
With tireless counsel she brought me back to the land of the living, promising that I would love again. I had to love again; my husband would want that for me. 

Now, Lynette and I stand before a commemorative wall at my father’s cremation service in a small V.A. building. He was proud of being a veteran and wanted to be remembered here. A banner hangs above the entrance to his memorial service, reading: Jack Stewart— Father, Friend, Force. Black-and-white pictures from his youth in Williamsburg, his days in the army, the years he spent with Mother, plus decades of color photos with friends, officers, and his life with me, are pinned to corkboard, alive with years well-lived. 
A black box— the size of a half-gallon of ice cream— sits on a small table, holding all that remains of my father. 
Lynette stands next to me, pointing out smiles and laughter captured for all eternity.
“Look at how handsome he was in uniform,” she says, leaning in. Strawberry hair falls in front of her shoulder. 
“Like a young Gregory Peck,” I add. 
She moves down the photo line. “He and your mother made a handsome couple.” Her voice is August. 
 A huff escapes from my core. “I guess this makes me a widow and an orphan.” I flash back to a newspaper article Dad brought home when I was thirteen: Coastline Crash Claims Three. It was a California newspaper, and one of the women in the car was my mom. 
I touch a picture of my dad and Cal together in their uniforms. It was taken the day Cal became a police officer.
Lynette rubs my back, brushes dark hair from my face. “You still have your kids… and us.” 
As if on cue, the doors to the V.A. fly open and all eight of her siblings, their wives, husbands, and kids burst in. The McCollum’s have come to pay their respects. They are an undulating sea of ivory skin and red hair. 
“It looks like the church just caught fire,” I whisper to her. 
Lynette looks at me over her glasses, raises a red eyebrow. 
Somber notes drift into the hall from a piano placed next to a podium at the front of a multi-purpose room. 
“We should go in. Everyone is waiting on you.” Lynette loops her arm into mine and we walk through the double doors together. 
Countless rows of people have come to mourn the loss. Men from the Baltimore Police Department— one of several government agencies that I work with for Child Protective Services (CPS)— are dressed in uniform, and lined up shoulder-to-shoulder along the front wall. Friends from the neighborhood, other people from the station, the one army buddy who still lives nearby, and others fill the seats to overflowing, then stand where space allows. 
It seems fitting that Dad’s heart gave out slowly, having used it so well. 

None of us know it now, but in a few days, we will all return to another gathering room to mourn. Some people will stand at attention, others will sit mute in disbelief, and I will be the one in the black box… the size of a half-gallon of ice cream.

Lynette and I walk to the front and take seats between my kids and her family. My daughter Kate, sixteen now, squeezes my hand when I sit down. Mac, my thirteen-year-old, forces a tight smile. It strikes me that he looks younger than his age; like some of the runaways I’ve been looking into. I can’t imagine him out there all alone. 
My mind checks out during the rest of the service. I remember standing up to “say a few words,” but I don’t know what they were— only that they lacked the ability to capture the depth of my father’s character, and my love for him. I wish I could spare my children another loss— spare them all suffering— but life doesn’t seem to work that way, despite my greatest efforts. 
After everyone has headed to a social gathering in honor of my father, I find my kids sitting at the piano. Kate’s playing Christmas songs, odd considering the month— September. 
Mac watches her hands and sings every word. He was born with an eidetic memory— seems to feel the world on a higher vibration than the rest of us. 
 “What’s going on?” I sit on the small piano bench with them. 
“Grandpa thought the service was depressing,” Kate says. Her features are a carbon copy of mine, only she’s a green-eyed redhead. Cal used to say that Lynette and I were so close our eggs got scrambled.
“He wanted us to liven it up.”  Mac gets up, does a spin. His messy blond hair— cut long, surfer style— dances with the light. He looks like a bleached version of us, sometimes gets mistaken for a girl. 
 “Are you saying Grandpa Jack is here?” I tuck Kate’s hair behind her ear. 
“Can’t you sense him?” she asks. I wonder if the pain is too big for her, or if Dad is really present. 
I remember when Kate received “The Gift.” It was May of her ninth year— her birthday month, just after Cal died. Late on a Sunday morning, she walked into the kitchen in a pink Ariel nightshirt, her hair a cascade of strawberry curls. Mac— at six— was playing chess on the computer. 
Making pancakes, I felt the energy change in the room. I turned, spatula in hand, and saw my daughter. Somehow I knew she wasn’t just nine anymore. The Gift, or the curse as some see it, are twin images of one another. It’s all in how the receiver bears the weight. 
Kate said when she woke up, her dad spoke to her in a language she couldn’t understand. I knew instantly what she’d inherited: hearing souls who’d crossed over.  She could speak to the dead.  I wept with unexpected force— like someone took hold of my throat— fearing she would go crazy and snap off from “real” people, as my mother had. A tear dropped on the skillet and a minute plume of smoke faded into nothing.  
But Kate was an older soul than my mother. She could handle it. As we sat on the floor, I told them about our heritage in terms they could understand: “You know how some animals can hear or sense things that humans can’t? That’s kind of how the women in our family are. Sometimes we know things before they happen, the way animals can sense a storm or danger. Or sometimes we can see pictures in our minds of something that’s going to happen. And Kate’s gift is extra special because she can hear people that don’t live on earth anymore.” I took their hands into mine. “But our gifts are like super-secrets. Don’t tell anybody unless you really, really trust them… as much as you trust Lynette, or me, or each other.”
I suggested that Kate ask her dad to speak to her in English. On that day, it seemed that Kate became spirit. Mac was the brain. 
 
Back in the small V.A. I close my eyes and try to sense my father. Nothing comes. That’s the thing about my gift, I don’t control it. Scenes present themselves like a silent-movie clip. I can see what has— or will— happen, but not in its entirety. Or I may experience an intuitive “knowing” that something is about to happen— good and bad.  And some “bad” people still warp time, slow it down and move like they’re under water. Dead people, however, are not my forte.
“Our gifts are different, Sweetie. I wish I could sense what you do.” Pausing, I realize the question I can ask to validate my father’s presence. “Ask Grandpa about his favorite Christmas song.”
Kate and Mac confer. “He likes the song about the ostracized Arctic deer who becomes the hero because of his unique gift.” Mac’s messing with me. 
I laugh. “He wants us to sing Rudolph-the-Red-Nosed-Reindeer.” That’s the right answer. “How does he seem?” I ask Kate, still not convinced Dad is here. 
“Happy.” She runs lovely fingers over piano keys.  “Younger than I ever knew him.”
 Not wanting to push, I suggest we sing the chosen song, and every other Christmas tune we can remember, until the janitor asks to sweep up the room. 
Before we leave he says, “You know what you guys look like together?”
I think he going to say some like: a nice little family. 
Instead he responds, “Neopolitan ice cream.” 

Proud of her new license, Kate drives us back to Glen Burnie— a neighborhood in  Baltimore— for my father’s social gathering. 
I hold the “Oh Shit!” handle and give too many driving tips. Foliage whips past at unnatural speed, mailboxes come within inches of my side, the middle line is straddled.
“Am I the only person braced for impact?” Mac quips. 
Kate adjusts the mirror. “Don’t distract me. You’ll just make it worse.” She grips the steering wheel at 9 and 3— thumbs straight up, leans forward. 
I send a prayer to the driving Gods; hoping for safe passage. 

The gathering is held at Dad’s house, where people feel most comfortable. The blueprint of our neighborhood remains unchanged: small houses, cracked concrete, and over run chain-link fences. But an explosion of rose verbena, yellow buckeye, and Appalachian bugbane distinguishes Dad’s house from a landscape of beige and grey. His yard is nirvana in the middle of the hood. We park in the driveway and open doors to a breath of border phlox, which glows white at dusk, creating an eerie air.  
Inside, Lynette is standing in as hostess. Mourners file in and load their plates with the southern fare I cooked: country ham, red-eyed potatoes with gravy, collard greens, cornbread with honey, and rice pudding, and tea cakes for dessert. That’s the first meal I prepared.  I also made an alternate supper: Maryland blue crabs, clams, mussels, jambalaya, biscuits, cabbage with vinegar, dirty rice, and lemon bars, and cheesecake for dessert. I like to cook, especially when I can’t sleep… which is often. 
I find a chair in the corner by the front window— my father’s seat— and start to drink my supper: a double Manhattan on the rocks. Chief Lewis, the current head of the Baltimore Police Station, comes over to offer his condolences. I stand to meet him and realize my eyes are level with his chest. The thought of him having nipples nearly breaks the monotony of sorrow. 
“Your father will never be forgotten.” He puts his enormous hand on my shoulder. Something changes in his eyes. Because I’ve known him for so long, I can tell that he’s shifting into business mode. “I hear that CPS has assigned you to the runaway cases.” 
He’s referring to a increase in the number of kids reported as runaways in Baltimore recently. I shouldn’t be surprised that he’s all business, all the time, but still his question smacks with insensitivity. “I asked for this assignment. Something feels off about it.” I look around the room for my kids; they’re filling glasses with spiked punch and lemonade. “When’s your next briefing?” 
“Tomorrow morning. But you should take some time to be with your family. Just come in when you’re ready. Maybe next week.” He gives my shoulder a little squeeze.
“I’d rather stay busy. Work is easier than life these days.” I knock back my drink; feel the whiskey burn my throat, heat my chest. I like the feeling too much lately. “Besides, I couldn’t sit around knowing that those kids might be on the street, or worse.” 
He nods. “Fine, but stick to facts when you’re with my officers. I don’t want them wasting any time on one of your ‘gut feelings’.” 
“Yes, Sir.” I raise my glass to him as he walks away. 
Mike Dupree— a recently reassigned officer— and Kim, the station’s new secretary, speak in low tones near me. I think they’re screwing. Normally I wouldn’t care, but something about Mike sets off alarms. Maybe it’s because he looks like a cage fighter— lean and mean. His shaved head doesn’t serve to soften his impact. 
Mike catches me eyeballing him and saunters over. He shakes my hand. “Hey… I’m sorry to hear about your fatha’. I heard he was a good man.” His Jersey accent is so extreme that I find myself watching his mouth to follow along.  
His very presence affects my cells; it’s loathe at first sight. “You don’t know anything about my father.” 
He reacts like I sucker-punched him. “Jesus. I’m just tryin’ to make polite conversation.”
I huff. “Don’t strain yourself.” The whiskey has definitely kicked in.
He looks at me sideways. “Are you mistakin’ me for an ex-boyfriend or somethin’?”
I almost smile. At least he knows how to hang tough. “Sorry. I’m just a little wrecked right now. Maybe I’m seeing you wrong.” 
He leans in and whispers. “My mother used to say I was an angel sent from heaven.” 
I wasn’t expecting him to be charming. “You shouldn’t get too close. Your lady-friend might think you’re sweet on me.”
He glances at my figure. “Nah. You ain’t my type.” 
I look over at Kim, who’s fondling the fringe of her sweater the way a baby does when they suckle. “Why… aren’t you attracted to women with a spine?” 
“It’s not that.” He leans in close enough for me to feel the heat of his breath mingle with my hair. “I just got a taste for the Chinks.” 
His charm bubble just popped. “I don’t think Kim is Chinese, Mike.” 
He looks at her and shrugs. “Them Asians all look the same to me. I got what you might call ‘yellow fever’.” Mike winks, then clenches the muscles of his chiseled jaw and looks around. He lowers his voice. “Hey… I overheard you talkin’ to the Chief about the runaways. What’s the deal?”
“There’s no deal. Something just seems off about it. I can feel it in my gut.”  
He furrows his brow. “What do you mean, like that ‘lady intuition’ thing?”
I shake my empty glass. “Something like that… only stronger.”
“Oh yeah…” He points his finger at me. “You’re into all that ‘woo-woo’ stuff.”
I laugh. “Woo-woo?” Seems funny to hear such a macho guy use such a flowery term. 
“You know,” he shakes his hands by his head, “that psychic bullshit stuff.” A tattoo peeks out from the bottom of his buttoned sleeve. 
 “Ah… another skeptic. Why should you believe in something that’s existed throughout history?”  Most of my ice is melted. I drink the water tinged with whiskey, and start to walk away.
Apparently Mike’s not done with the conversation. He stops me by the wrist. “You should get your facts straight. Psychics have only been around since the 1800’s. You’re thinkin’ of prophets. Now they knew what they were talkin’ about.”
His intellect surprises me. I had him pegged as a guy who only reads comic books. “I’ll bite. How were prophets better than psychics?” 
“Three reasons.” Mike puts up a finger with each point. “God spoke to them directly, they were 100% accurate with their predictions, and their prophecies were usually about major societal change. Not personal forecasts. And frankly… most prophets were men.” 
I can’t put my finger on Mike. It’s like he’s two different people: charming/well-read vs. angry/narrow-minded. “So my intuition is bullshit?”
“Claiming to be psychic is like saying you’re the descendant of a prophet and a retard.” He laughs at himself.
 I guess he skipped all the PC classes. “Did you really just call me partially retarded?” I need a drink.
He shrugs. “Maybe not retarded. Just a little crazy.” He sucks his incisor; seems to be ramping up for a doozie of a comment. “Wait… wasn’t your mom crazy too?” He laughs. “I guess it is inherited.” 
I don’t question why he knows my personal history; I’m blinded by rage. 
Every cell in my body roars up. It’s like his comment pulled the ring off of a grenade in my mind. Fury explodes. I lunge at him before I can stop myself, have him backed against the wall. “You ever talk about my mother again… I’ll kill you in your sleep.” 
Mike shoves me off, looks me straight in the eye. “They put you in charge of kids? You’re just as mental as every other CPS.” 
I get in his face. “You wanna see crazy? I’ll show you all kinds of crazy.” 
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.” The Chief separates us. “Settle down. Both of you.” 
Mike straightens his shirt and glares at me. “You’re way outta line.” He turns to Kim. “Come on.  Let’s get outta here. I can tell we’re not welcome.” 
Maybe Mike was right about my gift. A prophet would have known that he’s playing two sides in the runaway game: one as a dedicated cop, and another he doesn’t want me— or anyone in the police department— to know about. 
I reach for my empty glass. “Kim’s welcome anytime.” 
The Chief turns to me and puts his hands on my shoulders. I feel like a kid who’s been pulled aside by the coach. Apparently I need a talking-to. 
He looks down at me. The only thing that softens his appearance are freckles atop cream-in-your-coffee skin. “I know Mike is a little rough around the edges, but he’s been through a lot in his life. We owe it to him to… ” 
“I don’t owe him anything.” 
The Chief puts his hands in his pockets. “Then play nice for me. His father was a comrade of mine, back in-the-day.” 
I’d forgotten that the Chief started out as an officer in Jersey. My father’s advice comes to mind: you mess with one police officer, and you mess with them all. “Fine. But it isn’t going to be easy.”
 He pats my shoulder. “If you need a couple of days, I’ll make a call to CPS…” 
I shrug. “I’ll think about it.” 
 As they leave, I head to the kitchen, don’t care that everyone is staring at me… except for the kids. They’ve never seen me this way. I’ve never seen me this way. 
Lynette meets me at the counter. “You okay?”
I fill my glass with ice. “He had the nerve to call me crazy on a day like this. What kind of guy does that?” 
“Clearly he’s an ass.” Lynette pats my hand. 
“Is that your professional diagnosis?” I pour whiskey over the ice, watch it pool at the bottom of the glass until it reaches two fingers. Then I pour a little more. 
“My professional diagnosis would probably be more along the lines of: sociopathic tendencies and blatant misogyny.”  She slices a thin piece of orange for my glass, spears it— and a maraschino cherry— with a sword-shaped toothpick.
“I prefer your first diagnoses, makes him easier to despise.” 
After mixing my drink, I settle back into Dad’s chair and try eavesdropping on the crowd. 
I hear a large woman speaking to her friend, neither of whom I know. She says, “It really isn’t a funeral without a body, now is it?” After both women laugh sufficiently she follows with, “But, my Lord, these lemon bars are delicious.” 
Sound drifts in and out, like I’m drowning in an ocean of cotton. I’m pulled to the surface when an older woman touches my arm. “I tended to your father in the service… after the plane crash. He was such a gracious man. He’ll be sorely missed.” 
I stand to thank her, hold both of her hands. But that will be the last time I interact with anyone until the crowd clears. 
By 8:30 only Lynette, her husband Lou, and my kids are still at my father’s house. 
They’re all cleaning.
I walk toward the kitchen and sit on a bar stool at the counter. Mac slides closer and puts his arm around my shoulder. He senses when I’m far away and brings me back to earth with a touch. I know the affection will cease when his first chin hair sprouts, so I soak up every minute. 
“Looks like I have some catching up to do.” Lynette nods toward my empty glass. 
“That was my third…” I shake the ice. “…and I’m not nearly numb enough.” 
“We’ll have to work on that.” She calls to Lou. “Honey…will you take the kids tonight? Em and I have some mourning to do.” 
He walks over to us and gives me a quick kiss on the forehead. I’ve considered Lou the closest of family, since he married Lynette eighteen years ago. Because they couldn’t have kids of their own, they consider mine, theirs. Now, without Dad, they’re the only people I trust completely with my children. 
“How are you holding up, kid?” He rubs my back, tugs loose his grey tie. 
“I’ve been better.” I lick the inside of my glass, looking for a stray drop of alcohol. 
“Whatever you need, we’re here for you— day or night.” He kisses Lynette on the cheek, grabs his keys, and motions to the kids. “We’ve been kicked out. These lovely ladies need to drown their sorrows.” 
Kate gives me a big hug, tells me that she loves me, and she’ll see me in the morning. I whisper to her, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know”— my usual farewell. She gives me a Bonne Bell kiss on the cheek and gathers her things.
 “Mexican food tomorrow night?” Mac slips into Nikes. 
“Ole!” I snap my fingers like a salsa dancer.
He laughs just enough. 
I give him a hug and say the same goodbye as I did to Kate “…more than you could ever possibly know.” 
Lou and the kids will probably play board games— which Mac will win— until they beg Lou to sing them to sleep. His voice, trained operatically, resonates on a level that makes people weep. 
Later, Lou will fall asleep on the couch after hearing the puppy snores of my children in their twin beds. They share an upstairs room across the short hall from mine. Lou is as fierce a protector as me— a trait that continues to win me over.

Once they’re gone, I feel like Atlas after setting down the world. With children comes the great burden of pretending that everything’s okay… when most days, it’s not.  I wonder for a second if I could ever leave my children, as my mother did. My answer is immediate. No. Not under any circumstances. 
As if Lynette hears my internal banter, she says, “Good parents don’t have the luxury of going insane. You’ll get through this, Em. You have to.” 
“Yeah… with a little help from my friend.” I shake my empty glass and fantasize about downing a bottle of sleeping pills with it. If it weren’t for the kids, I’d consider it. Sometimes just being alive feels like an accomplishment. 
I drift off to a memory of my father tucking me in: “Oh to sleep, perchance to dream,” he said every night, as he pulled the blankets up under my chin. He would kiss the tip of my nose, and just before shutting the door, tug on my toes and say, “Don’t let the bed bugs bite.” 

“Make me one too.” Lynette prepares an appetizer tray for us, and heads to the porch while I get our drinks. 
Alone in the kitchen, I’m struck by the silence. It occurs to me that I will never hear my father’s voice again. I look around. Nothing’s been updated since the 70’s: brown, white and gold linoleum, dark wood cabinets, and a laminate countertop— that’s supposed to resemble mauve marble, but looks more like what’s under our skin— beg to be updated, but I wouldn’t change a thing.  I pull my father’s ashes to my waist like a clutch purse, pick up our drinks, and head for the porch. 
“I’m going to look inside.” I tip my head toward the box. 
“I don’t think that’s a very good idea.” Lynette takes her drink. 
“Why not? Aren’t I aiming for ‘closure,’ Doctor?” I sit in one of the two rocking chairs and set my father and my drink on the table between us. 
“Closure is down the road a bit. Right now you should be eating, and I should be drinking.” She picks up her cocktail. 
I remove the lid anyway and open the plastic bag inside. “He looks like sand.”
“Ashes to ashes.” She touches my wrist. “It’s too soon.” 
I run fingertips through his remains. He feels like ground teeth.
Lynette indulges me with extended silence.  We rock until a parade of old memories surface and march onto the screen in my mind. 
“Do you remember how bad Miss Anne’s house smelled?” I close the bag and box.
“Well, she had all those cats.” Lynette smiles, rocking. 
“And her son…what was his name… used to wet his pants?” Snapping fingers by my temple, I try to recall.  
“Tommy, Tommy Martin,” she says and smacks the arm of her rocking chair, as if she could win a prize with quick response. Settling back in, “Isn’t it ironic that Miss Anne painted the inside and outside of her house yellow?”
“What do you mean?” I ask, eating the maraschino cherry from my glass. 
“You know, yellow… the color of urine.” 
I howl, like I haven’t laughed in years. The feeling reminds me of Truvy’s line in Steel Magnolias, “Laughter through tears is my favorite emotion.” 
After a million stories and countless cocktails, Lynette and I end the night. 
“Are you going home?” she asks, knowing I live right next to Dad.
“No, I’m too tired. How about you?” I stumble and hop sideways to take off a shoe. 
“If you’re staying, I’m staying.” She lives to the left of Dad’s house.
Before I can offer her my old room, Lynette flops on the couch and closes her eyes. I cover her with a blanket and turn out the lights. Heading toward the hall, I opt to sleep in my father’s bed. Maybe it’ll be easier for him to visit my dreams in there.  
Lying down I turn on my side and look toward his closet. Shoes, lined up like soldiers, wait to be selected. It occurs to me that my father will never wear them again because he’s not a person anymore. And neither is Cal. 
I quietly weep until sleep overtakes me. 
      





















Chapter Two - Toxic Women  

I wake to hot breath on my face. Rico, my German shepherd, sits on the floor next to my father’s bed, trying to rouse me. Pawing at the faded, block-quilt, he seems frustrated by my unconsciousness. Rico is an old K-9, given to me by officers of the Baltimore Police Station. It’s time for my run. Even though he’s too old to go with me, Rico takes routine very seriously. I am to run at 6:00 a.m., no matter the circumstance. He doesn’t care about the weather, my mood, or in this case, if I’m hung over. It’s my job to work out and his job to rouse me. Most days, Lynette joins me. I doubt she wants to be awakened today. 
Tip-toeing into the living room, I see Lynette is a torrent of red hair and drool. Her arm dangles sideways off the couch. She never did drink much, a trait Lou— who runs a non-profit treatment center— appreciates. I, on the other hand, have been accused of having a hollow leg. Rico and I head out the back, he through the dog flap Dad made for him, and me the screen door. Pushing the gate between our yards further open, the metal screeches. Dad was going to fix that. 
The kids are in our kitchen next door. I bought the place after my Cal died, to be near Dad and among the people where I grew up.  None of the neighbors are perfect, but I’ve grown used to their demons— none of which include child abuse. 
Combing fingers through shaggy hair, I try to look less run over. The back door opens before I reach the concrete stairs. 
“Look what the cat dragged in,” Kate wipes her hands on an apron she made in a sewing class she was “forced to take.” It’s covered in graffiti style letters that spell out the names of her favorite Blink 182 songs. 
“Actually, the dog dragged me in.” Rico barks, making my spine stiffen. “Why are you guys up so early?”
“Couldn’t sleep. We’re just getting some breakfast.” She inherited the cooking bug from me. “Want some?” Kate holds the kitchen door.
“Rico’s making me run. I’ll just get some juice for now.” 
Kate reaches into the cabinet for a glass and pours me O.J. from a pitcher on the counter. 
Mac’s perched on a red barstool on the far side of the kitchen island, reading The Catcher in the Rye. A band of warm sun pours through the front bay window, courses through our open living room, and drapes him in light.  Kate is on the inside of the island, her delicate figure framed by double ovens. Sunlight hits her hands, mixing biscuits. They have no idea how beautiful they are to me. I take a mental snapshot, hoping to capture the simple elegance of the moment, wanting to stop time and live here forever. 
Silence floats. They seem to know that I need to absorb them periodically. That’s what happens to some people who lose loved ones; they soak up every minute of every day, thinking those closest to them could disappear just as abruptly. 
But, I don’t want them to be drenched in my abandonment. 
“Where’s Lou?” I ask them and drink my juice.
“He went home about fifteen minutes ago, said he was going to prepare a hangover breakfast for his ‘lovely bride.’ Something about raw eggs and tomato juice,” Kate says. 
“He’d better cover himself in plastic.” I finish my glass of juice. 
Mac laughs. “That’s what I said.” He lays down his book. 
I hesitate. “Hey… I just wanted to apologize to you guys for my behavior last night. I think losing your grandpa made me a little crazy. You’re going through enough without having to wonder whether or not I’m losing my mind.” 
“It’s okay,” Mac says. “You’re wrestling with abandonment issues that were exacerbated by Mike’s blatant disregard for your personal struggle.” 
Clearly Lynette talked to them. I know Mac’s quoting her verbatim. 
I kiss him on blond Medusa hair. “While that may be true, I shouldn’t have embarrassed you guys in front of everybody. It was a very bad parenting moment.”
“Very bad.” Kate refills my glass. “I may never recover.” She smiles. 
“Very funny.” I touch the rounded silk of Mac’s prepubescent cheek—then head upstairs to change. 
Tying on running shoes, I look out the window and drift off to one of my earliest memories… before my mother left. I must have been no more than seven years old. It was Valentine’s Day. Feeling called, I walked to the dormer window of my upstairs room, opened it and looked down. Mother was outside, dressed like Jackie Kennedy: cream-colored pillbox hat, a three-quarter length coat, and matching opera length gloves. She held a bucket of paint in her left hand and a wide sable brush in her right. 
Mom was cautious at first; only dipping the tip of the brush and wiping all excess before she painted small swaths of crimson on our front stoop. Standing back she nodded to herself. She pushed the brush deeper into color and carefully eliminated every inch of grey concrete on our front step; creating a four-foot square of bright red. 
A satisfied smile softened her face. 
She followed up with a second coat, then stopped to smoke— Benson and Hedge’s Menthol— and admire her work. I liked to watch her inhale. It seemed she was breathing in cures to whatever demons plagued her. 
I thought she was finished working.
I was wrong. 
She moved on to painting the four steps that fed into a cracked walkway dividing our front yard. Emaciated blades of grass stood on both sides of the walk, waiting for water to restore strength and color. 
As I wished for rain, darkness tiptoed over the roof; shadow crept through our yard. The sky began to rumble as if hungry. 
She looked up: “Not today! I have work to do.” The sky thundered. She bellowed back, “You dare argue with me?” She raised her clenched fist. “I’ll show you.” Plunging her gloved hand into the paint bucket as far as it would go, she pulled out a handful of color. Then followed by dunking her right hand. She dropped to her knees and smeared red. 
I couldn’t take my eyes off her. 
Drops of rain formed an army and charged forth. I looked up. The sky cracked and roared. A torrent of rain charged forth; a surprise attack. 
“How dare you?!” Mom picked up the bucket of paint and poured it down the sidewalk. She got on her knees and spread red with her hands; an animal in the throws of a kill. 
Dad’s station wagon pulled up. He bolted out. “Delia!” 
She didn’t hear him. The sky was mocking her, pouring rain, growling.
“Delia!” He ran to her, tried to lift her from the walkway. 
“You want to help me?” She screamed. “Then help me.” 
My father looked up and saw me standing in the window. He tried to lie with his eyes, as if to say everything’s okay. But it wasn’t. I had wished for the rain. Mom was acting crazy because of me. Dad rolled up the sleeves of his uniform. Kneeling on the ground, he pulled color down the walkway. 
The rain pooled and pushed streams of red into the grass. Gaunt blades stood stick-straight as paint, red as blood, slowly swallowed them. Maybe if they held still enough, they wouldn’t drown. Blotches of grey concrete pushed through a sea of red. With every drop, grey took over. 
My parents were losing the battle.
On her knees, Mom surrendered. She sat back and lifted her face to the rain. “You ruined Valentine’s day!” She started to sob. Her body shuddered with every deep breath. 
Dad went to her, held her in the rain, and rocked her like a child. Then, with an arm around her waist, he led her— dripping red— into the house. 

I shake off the memory— don’t know why death arouses other painful recall— and head for the door. 
Running my usual four-mile trek, I go north on Bliss Lane to Hwy 648, turn right to Marley Neck, and head east. I like how the road goes over Marley Creek, winds through the trees, and passes the new mansions that were built on East Howard Road. I can’t help but wonder what people do for a living to pay for houses that size, probably all doctors and lawyers. 
I try to ignore the acid sloshing around my gut and focus on the runaway cases. Something seems suspicious. First of all, I have never heard of some of the kids. Normally they’d be in the system as victims of child abuse or neglect. Or they’d be diagnosed with behavioral or social problems. And the number of reports has increased too rapidly over the last two weeks. There’s more, but my subconscious hasn’t figured out the details. I think the old alcohol is making me fuzzy. 
I see movement. 
A dog is playing on one of the expansive lawns. A Doberman. Being a dog lover, I smile and watch him romp. Once he sees me, he crouches behind a tree. At first his posture is odd but not alarming; I keep running in his direction. The second I hit the corner of the lot, he bolts toward me, running as fast as he can, barking, teeth bared. Shit! An invisible fence stops him within two feet of me. The dog continues to lunge and push the boundary line so close, I hear the warning beep on his collar. He doesn’t back off. Yellow eyes seem wild for the taste of blood. 
Stunned, I look to the front door. A woman is standing on her circular brick driveway, talking to two men on bikes. They are dressed as missionaries or campaigners: black slacks, white, short-sleeved collared shirts, and black ties. The woman is petite, perfectly coiffured, and dressed in pink from head-to-toe. 
Static fills my mind. The senses are so strong, I feel faint. Or maybe it’s the old booze. Everyone moves like they’re underwater. The woman does a slow turn toward the road. Her hair floats like a black cape as she looks in my direction. A clip of her flashes into my mind. She is standing in a white room— brightly lit— talking to two men.  Her face is blurred.
The dog barks louder, forcing me out of my vision. He’s on hind legs. I give a vocal and hand command for him to sit— as if he’s trained. He drops forward, leans in even more, increases his barking. 
“Hey!” I shout to the owner, more pissed than scared. 
She stops her conversation, walks a few steps toward me. Distance masks her. 
“Does this seem normal?” I yell and gesture toward her dog.
“I beg your pardon?” She, with an indescribable accent, calls her dog. He runs to her and sits down. 
“Your dog is hunting people. Does that seem okay to you?” I yell. 
“There’s an electric fence. I’m within the confines of the law.” She crosses her arms.
“Lady, I am the law,” I embellish, “and if you don’t do something about your dog, I will.” I hate when I get frustrated like this, feel like a man overcompensating for a small penis. 
She says something to one of the men, puts her dog inside, and shouts toward me, “Happy?”
“Thrilled.” I pause, trying to gather a concise threat. “If anything ever happens to a kid out here, I’ll make sure you’re charged.” My hands are on my hips. I feel like I’m clucking. 
	She laughs. “You have no idea how ironic you are.” Turning, she touches one man’s hand, and goes inside. The men ride toward the next house. 
Ironic? I jog away, too flummoxed for words. Maybe she picked the wrong expression. 

“How was the run?” Kate asks, loading her backpack. 
I take in her outfit: yellow skinny jeans, red Keds, two shirts under a flannel, black-framed glasses, and a saggy purple stocking cap that precariously clings to the Yamaka section of her hair. My little artist. 
Mac is ready for school and looking at the TV with a gaming controller in his hand. I wonder why they’ve decided to attend classes despite my offer to skip school. 
I grab a piece of bacon. “There was a man in his wife’s robe getting the morning paper, a grandma teaching her grandkids to hula-hoop, and a demon dog who wanted to eat me for breakfast.”
“So, the usual?” Kate glances at an incoming text message on her phone. 
“Pretty much. Any more contact with Grandpa Jack?” I wipe sweat from my face with the bottom of my blue shirt.
“Mac’s teaching him Xbox.” She texts someone back. 
“What? How?” 
“Grandpa saw him playing and said he wanted to learn.” She looks up from her phone. “I told Mac to teach him just like he would any other kid.”
I lean back and see Mac explaining all the buttons on the controller with blind faith that his grandfather is in the room. He follows Kate like that, will do anything she asks. 
“Are you going to the station today?” She’s texting again. I’m convinced that this generation of kids will have the bragging rights to the most dexterous thumbs.
“Yeah. I feel like I should. Maybe it’ll take my mind off things.” I take another piece of bacon, thinking nothing of adding back the fat I just worked off. 
“I know what you mean.” She locks her phone with the zig-zag of her finger. “That’s why we’re going to school.”
 “Lynette would accuse us of avoiding our feelings.” I kiss her on the cheek and go toward the back door. 
“Yuck, Mom.” She wipes my sweat from her face onto a dishrag. “Maybe she’s right, but it’s better than crying all day.”  
I smile and step into the sun. “I’m going to go check on her.”
“Maybe you should take some Advil.” Kate tosses a small bottle to me. “She’s going to be a train wreck.”
Walking into Dad’s yard, I bound up the back stairs and open the screen door. Rico and I walk to the couch. Lynette is lying on her back, mouth open, snoring. We stand over her thinking our presence will wake her— nothing. Rico gives her a nudge with his snout— nothing. I clear my throat— nothing. 
“Time to rise and shine, Cupcake,” I say in a sing-song voice.
She pushes her hair out of her face, opens an eye, and wipes her mouth with a sleeve. “What time is it?” She clears her throat. 
I look at my Timex. “7:13.” 
“Jesus! I have a client at 8:00.” She springs off the couch, stumbles sideways. “Holy Hell. How much did I drink?” 
“Too much for you, and not as much as me.” I throw a tennis ball for Rico. 
“Bring me coffee later?” Tugging her clothes straight, she grabs her purse. 
“Sure.” I hand her the bottle. “Take three.” Rico returns with a slobber-drenched ball. 
Lynette goes out the back, opens the gate to her yard, and stumbles inside. 
I hear Lou say, “Look what I made for you, Honey.” 
Lynette makes a retching sound. She won’t throw up, though. Never has and never will. 








Chapter Three - High’s 

High’s Convenience Store is just up the road. Rico and I stop by there every morning for a treat before work. DeWayne, a homeless man, is slumped in front of the store— as he is most mornings. He has skin the color and texture of raisins, unkempt dreadlocks, and is missing his top four teeth. I’d guess him to be in his late forties, though he looks more weathered. 
“Good Morning, Sunshine.” I lean down and give him a little shake. 
He sits up and yawns. “I heard about your daddy. I’m awful sorry.” 
I nod. “You know, you’re welcome over at Lou’s Place when you’re ready to get clean.” 
“I’ll get by there one of these days.” He scratches in places that make me avert my eyes. 
I notice a curtain move in a window above the store. They say a woman lives up there, although I’ve never seen her. Even the owner of the store doesn’t know what she looks like. Her disability checks are automatically deposited, and she transfers money to his account for rent. The only person that goes in or out, he says, is a day nurse. Maybe a perky girl in her early twenties, who comes with bags of groceries. I’m sure she has a hard time coming to this part of town. 
The curtain drops. “I’ll be right back with our breakfast,” I say. 
Vang, the owner, is from Laos. He greets me with a bow. “Morning, Miss Emma.” 
 “Is the coffee fresh? I have a friend who needs reviving,” I say. 
“Use pot on right. Other one for bad customer.” He smiles a mouthful of crooked, yellow teeth. Dark eyes twinkle. 
I pour three cups, black, load bags with pastries, and grab a Slim Jim. A headline in the Baltimore Sun grabs my attention: Runaways on the Rise. 
I grab a paper off the top of the stack and fold it under my arm. 
At the register I pull out the floral billfold Cal gave me before he died. I told him wallets made me feel like a man with a butt goiter, but the law requires that I carry identification “on my body.” I only keep my license, a low-limit credit card, my favorite picture of him and the kids, and less than twenty dollars in it. Putting my wallet on the counter, I pay Vang and put the change in my back pocket. 
Outside, I give DeWayne a cinnamon roll and one of the coffees. We wish each other “good day,” and I head toward my beige Taurus. Rico waits patiently in the passenger’s seat. After setting down the drinks and pastries, I pull the Slim Jim out of my pocket. Rico wags his tail as I peel off the wrapper. He has learned to “sing” for his treat and wastes no time before beginning his low yowl. I rub his ears and give him what he’s been singing for. The Slim Jim disappears within seconds. 
I glance through the newspaper article. There are quotes from Chief Lewis: “We’re making this a top priority,” “The children of this community are of the utmost importance,” “We welcome any, and all, input from the good people of Baltimore.” 
I’m glad to see that he’s enlisted the help of the press. That’s what Dad would have done. I fold the paper, tuck it between the front seats, and head toward Lynette’s office off of Ritchie Highway. 
The space she leases is on the first floor of a five-story building. She has a small waiting room, two offices, a mini kitchen and a storage room. Opening her main door, I can see that she’s in the left room with her head down on her desk. It’s 8:10. 
“I come bearing sugar and caffeine.” I stand in the waiting room just in case a patient is on the couch, out of sight. If so, they will not get their money’s worth from Lynette today.
“Oh my God.” She raises her head. “Not a minute too soon.” 
“Where’s your client?”
“He cancelled. I’m free until 9:00.” 
“Bummer. You could have drooled for another whole hour.” I walk into her office, give her coffee and a cheese Danish, and sit on the edge of her desk. 
“My brain is throbbing.” Ivory fingers snake through red waves as she holds her head. Tossing her hair into a lose bun, she secures it with a pencil from her drawer, then takes a bite of the danish. “I’ll detox tomorrow.”
“Your husband could help you with that.” I lean against her second-hand desk. She could afford teak but prefers “sensible purchases.”  
“He says I only qualify for treatment three times a year: Christmas, New Years, and St. Patrick’s Day.” 
“And whenever someone dies.” We both go silent. Lynette squeezes my hand. I see movement in the parking lot. “Oh my God… he’s here.”
“Who’s here?” She perks up. 
“The hot lawyer from down the hall.” I stand on tippy-toes to get a better look. 
Lynette stands to see where I’m looking. “I swear if I weren’t crazy about Lou I’d...” She stops herself. “You ought to get back out there, Em. It’s been seven years.” 
“I know exactly how long it’s been. I’m the forty-year-old, re-born virgin.”
“You’re only thirty-six.” She breaks a bite-sized piece off the Danish. 
“Which is nearly forty. This morning… there were moths flying out of my vagina.” 
Lynette almost smiles. 
We both stare out the window, grateful for the distraction. 
“My God he’s spectacular.” I try to imagine him naked. 
“Just look at his physique.” Lynette gasps, puts a hand over her heart. 
“I know… I’ve already undressed him.”
“Of course you have. Your mind’s always in the gutter.” Grimacing, Lynette massages her temple. 
“Do you think he’s married?” I ask.
“He doesn’t wear a wedding ring… I’ve looked.” Lynette folds her arms and holds her coffee cup to her chest. 
“You shameless hussy. One more ogle and I’m telling Lou.” 
We watch as he says goodbye to the people he was chatting with in the parking lot. They look like clients: a strapping, older man with silver hair, and a much younger woman with a tidy figure and black chignon. Trophy wife, I think. 
Static fills my mind. My body hums. They become liquid movement. A scene pops up, full screen: The woman is posing a model that faces away; she arranges the young woman’s long, blond hair. Professional lighting illuminates the space. She takes several pictures, and then tosses the camera down. She waves a back-handed goodbye, and walks away slowly. I’m lost in the future. From the outside, I must look like I’m having an absence seizure. 
“Let’s go to the ladies room.” Lynette pushes me out of my vision. 
“What? I don’t have to…” 
“His office is across the hall from there.” She whispers as if he could hear us. “Let’s move.”
“Just a second. I look like hell.” I pinch my cheeks and grab lipstick out of her purse. 
“True love will see through the horror of…this.” She makes a circle gesture around my face. 
“Thanks for that vote of confidence.” I apply lipstick, which— I will discover later— makes my mouth look like a toddler’s coloring book.  
“Enough talk. Let’s move.” She pushes me toward the hall and times our “accidental encounter” perfectly. 
Face-to-face with this stranger, I feel an odd connection — like we’ve known each other before. Everything in me expands, fills with breath. I can almost taste our memories. He fits so easily with me; I want to absorb him. I felt the same way when I met my husband and looked at my kids for the first time— they were a part of me that I didn’t know I was missing. 
“Joe, this is my Sister…ish.” Lynette seems surprised by her own word choice. 
He locks eyes with me, extends his hand. “Sister…ish? That’s a term I haven’t heard before.” I can feel his heartbeat in my hand. My palm wants to mate with his. “Joe Montgomery. Nice to… meet you,” he says with a wry smile. 
“We’re the female version of ‘brothers-from-another-mother’.” Lynette looks around as if to find the person filling her mouth with words she’d never choose.
 I wonder if it’s last night’s alcohol speaking. 
Joe and I look at each other, trying to handle this odd declaration. 
“I’m Emma, Emma James. We grew up next door to one another. Lynette has always felt like a big sister to me.” I look to her. She’s nodding. “She timed this accidental meeting because she thinks you’re gorgeous and just wanted to get a closer look.”  I wink at Lynette. 
Joe laughs, then realizes he’s still holding my hand. He lets go and shakes his head as if to apologize for overstepping a social boundary. 
 Lynette— visibly mortified by my statement— hides her face in her hands. 
Silence fills the hall. 
“Well, now that we all feel painfully awkward, I hereby call this introduction to an end.” Joe extends his hand again. “It’s great to be here. In this hallway. With you. ” He nearly blushes. “Wow… that sounded really stupid.” 
“No. No. I feel the same...” Shocked by his disclosure, I look to Lynette to see if she heard him. She is trying to bury her head in the wall. 
“I’m sure we’ll be together…” He laughs. “I mean, see each other again.” His eyes meet mine. Something seems to lock in place for us: a shared knowing that fate has played a role in our meeting today. 
His eyes are so dark I can’t discern the pupil from nearly black irises. I want to run my hands through his chestnut waves. Kiss his full mouth. My mind starts to loosen his tie, unbutton his shirt. 
“Soon, I hope.” He tips his head as if wearing a hat. 
I feel caught. “Yes. I hope so.” 
He walks down the hall to his office. Lynette and I look at his ass. 
“Did you have to tell him that that I think he’s gorgeous?” Lynette says. 
“No. But it was so worth seeing your reaction.” I loop my arm into hers. 
She puts her hand to her mouth. “I feel like I’m going to be sick.” 
I ignore her physical mortification, make a real confession. “He feels like home to me.”  
 She pauses, knowing I’m rarely vulnerable. “Then it was worth playing the fool.” 
We take a real breath for the first time since running from her office. 

		















    Chapter Four - Forget-Me-Not

After leaving Lynette’s office, I notice I’m low on gas and stop at a Citco near the police station. Stepping out of my Taurus, I see two more missionary men and assume there’s a “back-to-school” religious effort. One man strikes a remarkable resemblance to a young Donny Osmond, the other has a slight build, glasses, and mousy brown hair. On bikes at the front of the store, they’re pouring bottles of water into Camelbacks. Both are wearing the typical “uniform,” plus helmets, and have baskets mounted to the front of their bikes, which hold folders and cameras. The folders probably have handouts for the people in the neighborhoods they will comb in search of an elusive convert. But the cameras seem odd. 
Their baskets remind me of a bicycle that my father still has in his garage. It’s a 1964 Schwinn Cycle Truck— black with white-wall tires, and a cargo bin on the front. When I was little, he steadied his bike while I climbed up and sat in the metal basket, dangling skinny legs beside the smaller front tire. Dad rode as fast as he could through the neighborhood, across the ravine, swooping up and down hills. It was a rollercoaster for two. I’d stretch my arms out wide, tilt my head to the sky, and feel like I was the wind. Flying in dreams felt exactly the same as flying with my dad. 

A squad car pulls up to the pump behind me. It’s Mike Dupree. 
I wince… feel stupid about last night.
He gets out, walks to me, and offers his hand in peace. “I wanna apologize about last night. I was outta line with a couple of things I said.” 
I’m surprised by his civility; wonder who coached him. “Me too.” I shake his hand.  “Apparently I have a hairpin trigger when it comes to family.”
Mike takes a cigarette out of his shirt pocket, puts it behind his ear. “I guess we have that in common.” He plants his feet. “So… what are you doin’ on this side of town?” 
I don’t want to tell him that I’m headed to the station. He’s already made it clear that he thinks my contribution is unsound. Pointing to the pump I say, “Filling up.” I reach for my wallet, find it’s not there. “Crap. I must have left my money at High’s. Can you cover me?”
Mike crosses his arms. “First you attack me and now you’re a damsel in distress?” He sucks his incisor. “Maybe you’re mistakin’ bein’ psychic, with bein’ bi-polar.” He laughs at himself.
“Jesus! Right when I let my guard down, you go back on the attack.” I glance at the men on bikes, then back to him. “It’s like you were raised by wolves.” 
He crosses his arms. “My mother was a saint. May she rest in peace.”
 I notice that he doesn’t say anything about his father. “I’m going to see if the manager can spot me until after the briefing.” Damn. 
“You goin’ to the briefin’?” The unlit cigarette dangles between his lips. 
 “The Chief asked me to be there.” My statement comes out more like a question. 
“Bullshit. There are already too many eyes on this. We oughta be focusin’ on real crime.”
“Maybe this is real crime.” I have no idea why I just said that, but I walk away with conviction. Mike brings out an immaturity in me that I haven’t felt since the playground. 
Inside I give the manager all of my contact information and show her my CPS badge. I look out and see Mike talking to the religious men while his tank fills. I wonder if they’re discussing the bible or rules of the road. Either way, I’m sure Mike will have something to say about it. 
After my tank is full I holler to Mike, “I’ll see you at the station.” He looks at me like an unwanted houseguest. I want to flip him the bird, but force myself to smile and lower myself into the driver’s seat. As I drive away, I notice Mike reading through one of their folders. I can’t imagine him as a convert, but stranger things have happened. 

Rico and I enter the police station through the side door and head toward a meeting room on the lower level. Several officers greet me and offer condolences. Their faces and hugs are a blur. 
Kim throws me a little wave and then crouches to pet Rico. Mike appears in the hall, whispers something in Kim’s ear, and then walks to me. 
“Tell me again why CPS wants you here?” He heads down the hall toward a coffee machine. I don’t realize that he’s leading me away from the other officers for a response. 
I follow him. “The number of recent runaway cases is shocking. It seems a little suspect.” 
He turns around. “Suspect? What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“It means that kids don’t run away en masse. Something else is going on here.”
He glances down the hall, then at me. “You oughta keep that thought to yourself.” 
I look at him sideways. “Is that a threat?” 
He holds up his hands, as if to surrender. “It’s a suggestion. A strong suggestion.” He pulls quarters out of his pocket. 
“Lucky for me, I don’t take orders from you.” And there I go again acting infantile.
Something changes in his eyes. “If you were smart, you would.” He drops coins into the coffee machine, presses a button for a cup of black, and waits. Nothing happens. “Come on!” He pokes the button several times. Nothing. He rattles the coin return. Nothing. Officers descend from upstairs and glance over at us. Mikes frustration takes on new life; he pounds the button with the side of his fist, kicks at the coin return. 
I back away slowly. By the time I reach the end of the hall, he has grabbed the top of the machine and is trying to shake out the contents. A few officers watch him and laugh. The general consensus seems to be that Mike is a brainless brute. 
Disarmed by his outburst, I head back to the meeting room. I can’t get a handle on him. Part of me is curious and another part cautious. 
Chief Lewis enters and commands the K-9 officers to put their dogs in kennels and everyone else to take their seats. I bring Rico to his old cage and watch as Mike sits in the front row of plastic chairs. Kim pours a cup of coffee from the Chiefs pot, hands it to Mike, then sits at a small desk at the front of the room facing the officers. She looks up shyly. 
I have no idea what she sees in him. I sit in the back of the room— at the farthest point from Mike. 
After everyone takes their seats Chief Lewis begins: “Settle down. We have lot to cover today.” His baritone voice commands attention from a pedestal at the front. Eclipsing six feet by two inches— and well over 200 lbs— he is impossible to ignore. “As usual, we’ll start with violent offenses, then cover property and public-order crimes— including the runaway cases. Officers, you are free to leave once you’re given your assignment.”
I tune out as Chief Lewis covers murder, assault, burglary, arson, and vandalism. It seems odd that life goes on without Cal and my father in it. Especially police life. Even after Dad retired, he came into the station for weekly briefings to, “Keep my finger on the pulse of the city.” He stood at the back of the room— believing that civilians didn’t deserve a chair— even though the Chief reserved one for him every Monday, up until Dad was hospitalized. Then Chief Lewis brought a chair to his hospice room, to remind him that he would always be a part of the force. 
The room nearly empties as officers take their assigned cases and head out. Only the Chief, Kim, Mike, two seasoned officers, and three new recruits remain for the last cases— the runaways. 
Still behind the podium, Chief Lewis addresses the last of us: “Right now there are over thirty kids on the books, listed as runaways. That’s up 20% over this time last year.” He removes photos and profiles from a manila envelope, and hands the contents of the packet to Kim. As she tapes pictures of the kids to a blackboard, she adds their names to the photos, and last recorded address to a map. 
	This is the first time I’ve seen some of these kids. At CPS I was just given copies of the police reports. My mind starts shifting the pictures around, putting them together into smaller groups: in the CPS system for years, have police records, and never seen them before.
	“Our latest report came in this morning— one Miss Anna Tyler, from Linthicum. Her parents said that she didn’t come home last night after an argument with her mother. Make sure to keep an eye out for her as you try to track down the others.”
	Something about her seems familiar. She looks like a girl from Kate’s video production club; and this girl has the same last name. I get out my phone and send a text to Kate: Do you know Anna Tyler? Blond hair, blue eyes, Icelandic looking. She’ll know what I mean by this; she loves Bjork.  
 	“Look for these kids on the street. Start with the usual informants and users, then work your way up to dealers. They are probably supplying some of these kids. We need to interview the families. Find out why they think their kids left, and where they think they could have gone.” He checks his watch, makes a note on a yellow pad. 
Kim hands out packets that contain each child’s picture and profile. 
I get a text back from Kate: Yeah. She’s Emily’s little sister. Why? 
I scan Anna’s profile and raise my hand. 
Chief Lewis points to me. “You have something to add?” 
 “Sir, what if some of these kids aren’t runaways?” I look at specific photos on the blackboard. 
He turns toward the pictures; seems to consider an alternate scenario. “They were reported that way. Right?” He checks with Kim, who nods.  
Mindlessly I stand up. “Anna’s so young. I know her family; this would never happen. I can speak with her parents. Maybe there’s a connection between her and some of the other recent…” 
The Chief’s phone rings. “This’ll just take a minute.” He plugs his left ear, listens to the phone with his right, paces. 
Mike looks back at me, clenches his jaw. 
Kim gets busy with paperwork while she’s on the phone. The officers start to speak amongst themselves. A recruit gets up from a middle row and comes over to me. He offers his hand. 
“Archer Carter.” He’s young and stunning: tall, with milk chocolate skin and kind eyes. “I’ve heard a lot about you.” He flashes a broad white smile, reveals dimples. His smile transforms him from gorgeous to “oh-my-god!” 
I want to give him Kate’s hand in marriage. “That could be really good, or really bad, depending on who you talk to.” I gesture for him to take the seat next to me. 
“Anyone who takes care of kids is alright in my book.” He sits and looks up at the pictures.
“What do you see up there?” I ask. 
“It’s more like what I don’t see.” He rubs his chin.
“What do you mean?”
“There’s no empty stare in some of them. If you were a kid who didn’t feel safe at home you’d be able to fake a smile, but not the light in your eyes.”
“Like who?” 
He pulls out the contents of his packet. “The girl you mentioned and….” He flips through pictures. “This kid… and look at this one. She looks like a baby.”
 “Maybe she’s older than she looks. My son’s thirteen, but he looks eleven.” 
“Check this out, though.” He points at her shirt. “No angry kid would wear something with a cartoon on it.” 
Sharp guy. I look at several other photos. “Yeah. And I’d know something about these kids if their lives were a wreck.”
“Could their families just be better at hiding abuse?” 
“Maybe. I have a friend who can do a psychological assessment on the parents of the runaways that seem a-typical. See if there’s any hidden dysfunction. Her name’s Lynette. Lynette McCollum-Hayes. Chief Lewis has referred people to her before. I think he’d be open to having her consult.” 
Chief Lewis hangs up. “I’ve been called out. In addition to the packets, Kim will have to give you your individual assignments. Older officers, work with a new recruit. Mike, bring your K-9 to the streets. We need to shake it up out there. Threaten the dealers with a bust, maybe that’ll get them talking about these kids. Archer, why don’t you ride with Emma? Keep her in check. Sometimes her ‘imagination’ can run a little wild. Everyone… we’ll debrief tomorrow morning.” 
I look to Archer. “You do realize that you’ve just been appointed as my babysitter.” 
He laughs. “I don’t think I’m qualified to stop you from getting into trouble.” 
We gather our things and head to get Rico. Walking back down the hall, we run into Mike and Kim. 
She smiles demurely, then flashes a quick glance up at Mike. “I guess I should get back to work?” She hesitates, doesn’t seem to want to leave him. He nods and Kim sulks away. 
Mike directs his attention to me. “Headed back to High’s?” He puts a leash on his dog and rubs her ears. “I’m sure CPS would consider that a waste of company time.”
He gets under my skin faster than a needle. “If you had helped me out at the gas station, I wouldn’t have to go back. But since you’re such a prick...” 
Archer stifles a laugh; covers it by coughing. 
 Mike glances at him. “You takin’ the kid?” 
“Archer. Archer Carter.” He offers his hand to Mike, who ignores him. 
I push past Mike. “Chief’s orders.”  
Mike grabs my arm, and leans in close. “You shoulda kept your mouth shut in there.” 
	I pull away from him. “I don’t take orders from you, remember?”
	“I guess you don’t take suggestions either. That was a mistake. A big mistake.” 
	I don’t know how to respond, so I flip him the bird and walk away. 
Archer catches up, fights a smile. “Mike kind of gets to you, huh?” 
I wonder where he’s seen me around Mike before. Then it hits me…“Tell me you weren’t at my father’s house last night.” 
He smiles. “I’d like to, but my Momma didn’t raise no liar.” 

I lead Rico to the back seat of Archer’s squad car. Once we’re in, I ask Archer about his assignment. He is to interview the families of some of the older runaways. As we drive, I look at all the profiles and move the reports of the kids that were already in the CPS system to the bottom. Then, I eliminate the files of kids with a police record or history of drug use. I study the remaining files. “Do you think that some of these kids could have been abducted?”
Archer looks to me. “You mean like, kidnapped?”
“Yeah. Like a ring. ” 
Archer pulls into High’s parking lot. “I think the Chief was right… you do have an active imagination.”
“It just feels like there’s a darkness around this.” I open the car door. “I’ll be right back.” 
As I get out to retrieve my wallet, Archer steps out to let Rico relieve himself. DeWayne is asleep by the dumpster. I notice the drape in the window move again. Inside the store Vang greets me with another bow and smile. “I have wallet, Miss Emma. Keep safe.” He bends down and retrieves my billfold from a box designed to look like a book. “You look. I take nothing.” 
“I don’t have to check, Vang. I trust you.” I turn toward the door and slip my wallet into my back pocket. 
Just outside his store I hear a bang. I’m blown backward. 
The moments that follow play out in slow motion. Archer’s weapon is drawn. Stumbling, I hear more pops. I grab my chest, feel punched. What the hell? A river of red floods my hands. My insides feel doused in acid. A woman shrieks. DeWayne wakes up. Archer runs toward me; eyes wide. Rico gallops with him; tongue dangling. Tires screech. I drop to my knees, wonder why I can’t control my legs. I fall sideways; see blue sky, and big puffy white clouds. What did Dad call those?
Archer kneels down, takes off his uniform shirt and presses it on my chest.  “Stay with me. Stay with me. For God’s sake, stay with me.” He wipes a hand on his white t-shirt, leaves red smears, then fumbles for his walkie-talkie. He talks so fast; I can’t understand him. 
Rico licks my face. 
“Miss Emma?” DeWayne stumbles toward me. 
I wonder what all the commotion is about. 
Everything turns grey. I struggle to breathe, can’t keep my eyes open. Soon I hear the distant cry of an ambulance. My mind starts falling down a black hole. I need a nap. That’s all… just a little bit of sleep. I am swallowed by black.  
                                     
                          
                         




                                 









                                         
                                               




                                               


                                                    
                                                			
                                                    Chapter Five - Limbo

Surrounded by stars, I float. A warm, dark ocean with pinholes of light carries me. I wonder if I’m one of the bad guys from my childhood fantasy, headed toward a black hole. Wonder if I’m dreaming. I hear voices. Someone presses on my chest. He counts: “1-2-3,” then presses again. I try to remember the bra I put on this morning. 
	A mask covers my face, pushes air into my lungs. I feel heavy. Too heavy. I can’t lift anything. Can’t talk. Metal screeches, then bangs. Is that my side gate? Everything jostles. I’m a football, bouncing down the field. 
	Someone takes my hand. “Stay with us Emma. Stay for your kids.” It’s Archer. 
	I don’t know what he’s talking about. I would never leave my kids. Never. 
My hearing is magnified: a metal door shuts, an engine turns over, a beeping noise dances without rhythm in the background. 
“You think she’s gonna be okay?” Archer’s voice cracks. 
A different man answers. “We’re doing the best we can.”
My chest twists. It feels like someone is standing on my insides with ice skates. This thinking isn’t right. I fall into a memory: Dad and I were at Linthicum Park. The pond was frozen. We were teaching Kate and Mac to play Crack-the-Whip with other kids from the neighborhood. 
“Do you remember when Mac got the wind knocked out of him? You thought he was a goner.” Dad’s laugh is close. He’s here with me. Where’s here?
I want to look around for him, but I’m only grey breath and space.
The beeping in the background goes from broken to solid. I float outside the constraints of my body; I’m weightless, free. 
“Get the paddles!” 
Scissors cut fabric. Gel squirts from a tube. Lightening cracks through my chest. I’m pulled back into the weight of me. 
“We’re losing her.” He yells. “Pick up the pace.” 
I notice the siren for the first time, then black out. 
Bright lights wake me. Everything is blurry. A man in thick glasses and a surgical mask hovers over me. His scrubs are mint green. The color offends me; it looks sick.
“Emma, I’m Dr. Thomas. You’re in the hospital. You’ve been shot.” He puts his hand on my shoulder. 
Shot? 
My eyes search the room for answers. I can’t imagine who’d want me dead. Must have been random. I gasp for air; it feels like my lungs are filled with holes. The room fades. 
Back in the sea of stars, gravity pulls me through the dark. Voices whisper: “I can’t get a pulse,” “Let’s call the time,” “Who’s her closest relative?” Hushed tones echo in the space around me, but I don’t understand. Everything is jumbled. 
Who are they talking about?
I’m suddenly distracted by an aroma. It’s Mexican food. 
My mind sees a street in Baltimore. A neon sign flashes “La Cucaracha” in the distance. Kate checks her phone, paces under a black and white stripped umbrella in the rain. Mac is jumping over the cracks in the sidewalk. Lynette says, “Where is she?” 
Something is really wrong. 
In tickertape moments, I see Archer— the new recruit— knocking on Lynette’s front door. She’s still dressed as she was this morning: green shirt, black slacks, tousled red waves pulled back into a loose bun, the pencil at its core. Archer says something. Lynette drops to her knees and vomits in the grass. 
Suddenly people are gathered in a colorless room. Pictures of my life hang on the wall. Everyone is struck silent. Even the pastor can’t speak. He looks down at the black box, the size of a half-gallon of ice cream, and shakes his head. Kate and Mac are in the front row, next to Lynette and Lou. They are varied states of disbelief. 
A new scene: Kate and Lynette are sitting on my bed, side-by-side. Lynette puts her hand on Kate’s back, tucks her hair behind an ear. 
“Mom hasn’t crossed over,” Kate says abruptly. 
“I know how hard this is.” Lynette takes Kate’s hand into hers. 
“No… it’s not ‘denial,’ or whatever you call it.” Kate gets up, paces.
“I’m not sure I understand.” Lynette walks to her. 
“You know… the gifts our family has...” 
Lynette nods. 
“If Mom had crossed over I’d know it.  She’d be talking to me.” 
“Maybe it’s like this situation with your dad.”
She’s referring to the one conversation Kate had with her father after he passed. He told her that he would always look out for her. But he thought it would be harder for her to understand, as a child, if he spoke to her. And Mac might feel left out. He’d make contact later… when the time was right— for both kids. 
“No. Mom said she would never leave us that way. In life and in death, she promised to be there. Especially since… you know… since her mom left her.” 
I finally get it. 
I’m dead. I’m dead?
An invitation extends to me through the dark. I don’t want to go. A woman’s voice, sweet and rich, begins to hum. It is familiar. She sings a child’s song: “You Are My Sunshine.” The last line punch’s my psyche… “Please don’t take my sunshine away.”  The words curl and float. 
It is my mother’s voice. 
	“No!” I scream. “I will not leave my children, like you left me!” I’m so angry, so scared, I think I’ll break into nothingness. 
	She continues to hum, seemingly unmoved by my protest. 
	“You were a coward!” My anger surprises even me. “No… no… you were a bitch!” I’m shaking, in complete denial about being dead.
	Silence. 
	“You never even tried to contact me, or Dad, or my kids. Do you have any idea what that does to a person?” I feel like my head could pop off. “You threw us away.”	
Silence.
“My kids will never feel that… disposable, forgotten.” I pace, knead my hands. 
Silence.  
“But you don’t get that. You couldn’t even commit to seven years as a mother. I’m committed forever. Eternity!”
She hums softly. 
“Show yourself! Talk to me.” I strangle the air, feel like a complete idiot. “Say something!” I shout. 
Silence.
	“It figures I would get nothing from you in death.” I pace without direction, a mouse caught in a maze. “Why are you here? Where’s Dad… or Cal?”  
	Silence. 
	“This is bullshit!” I scream into the night. “Bullshit!” 
	Silence. 
	“Get me back to my kids!” I clench my jaw. “You’re a Goddamned waste of a soul.”

The stars turn into doves and flap into a white-blue sky. I am nowhere. I am nothing. Just a voice, alone in space. Terrified, I think I might disappear. 
I take a deep breath; adjust my attitude.
“Listen, I may not have handled that well.” I try to appear sane. “It’s just that my kids haven’t had a father, and they just lost their grandfather. You were never there. I can’t imagine what will happen to them if they lose me too.”
	The sky turns slowly into dawn. 
	I’m losing my mind, like Tom Hanks in Castaway. The only thing missing is the volleyball. I begin to negotiate. “What if you sent me back somehow, just to figure out what happened… bring some closure for the kids?” 
	The silence grows deeper. My ears buzz.
	“Can’t you do that? Pull a miracle out of your pocket.” I laugh a crazy, little laugh.
	I hear Mother’s voice. “Hush little baby, don’t say a word.”  
	“Haven’t you noticed that I’m not a child anymore?” Something occurs to me. “I could do something for the ‘greater good’ while I’m there. You know… maybe find the missing kids.” 
The sky turns orange. She continues to hum.
I’m frantic. I start to think about more children being taken. There’s no way I can stay here. “I’ll do anything. Be anyone. I just need to go back.”
She finally speaks: “You don’t even know those missing kids.”
“I’m built to protect children.” I throw begging hands up in frustration. “But you couldn’t understand that.” 
There is a beat of silence. “You would reject Nirvana for a few days on earth?” 
I’m caught off guard by her word selection. She was a bible thumping Christian. Why wouldn’t she say Heaven? 
“I could never rest knowing that the people who need me the most are in a living hell.” 
There’s a pause. I feel her move toward me, as if to inspect my intention. “Are you willing to sacrifice anything?”
She’s creepier than I remember. “I’m not willing to make a pact with the devil, if that’s what you’re asking.” 
 I feel her smile. Cryptically she says, “You’ll get seven wakings.”
 “I don’t know what that means.” 
“You will… soon enough.” 
The sky turns deep red. A flash slices through my brain, brings me to my knees. 
	“Please,” I beg. I need to go back. I begin to sob. “I am nothing without my children.” 
I am nothing. 	
	
 
















Chapter Six - Raisen’
	
Waking up to throw up, I wonder if I’ve been poisoned. My headed is pounding. Where am I? My mouth tastes like I gargled in cat feces. Everything is blurry. There is no point— near, or far — at which my vision is clear. I smell urine. My pants are soaked. Jesus, I wet myself. I wonder if I’m in some sort of graceless purgatory. 
I realize I’m face down on concrete. To steady myself, I put my hands on the ground and turn to sit up. My body is coursing with sewage.  Shaking my head, black snakes of hair swing dance. What the hell? My stomach growls. With hands on my waist, I feel every rib. My arms are dark. I run my fingers along the skin. It’s as black and textured as licorice.
On both feet, I stumble sideways, then steady myself between a half-wall and dumpster. Where am I? Breathing deep, I cough. Then notice I’m missing a shoe. I turn around; can’t focus my eyes or mind. I see a small building and head for the door. Feeling for the handle, I pull it open. 
“You go!” A man shouts. “You no belong.”
“Vang?” My voice is deep gravel. I sound like a man. 
“Yes, Vang. Always Vang. You go.” He grabs something. It looks like a broom. 
In shock, I touch my chest. I have no breasts. Looking down, I am wearing familiar clothes. What’s going on? 
“Get out.” He throws something at me. “Take that and go!”
“Why are you treating me like this?” 
“You know rules. Stay outside! No customers want your filth in here.” 
I catch a reflection in the sliding glass door of the Pepsi cooler. He’s blurry, but I think it’s DeWayne. Turning to look for him, I find he’s not there. My hair swing dances again. Confused, I walk toward the glass. Each step I take matches his. I put my hands on the fridge, blow warm breath on the case. “Oh, my God!”
Spinning around I see a man in the convex mirror. I wave my arms. It’s me. I’m DeWayne! Breath catches in my chest. 
Vang whacks me with the broom. “I say go!” 
“What the hell?!” I rub my leg. This has got to be a dream. 
“I warn you. Out!” He raises the broom.
“I’m going. I’m going.” I hold my hands up in the surrender gesture. My heart is pounding. I don’t understand. 
“Take roll. That’s all you get today.” He points to the cinnamon roll on the floor. 
 Starving, I pick it up. “Can I please just use your phone?” I want to call Lynette. 
“You have money. You use phone.” 
I check my pockets. Nothing. He winds up for another whack. 
“Okay, okay… Jeez.” I go outside. The light is blinding. After getting my bearings I head East on Ritchie Highway, toward Lynette’s office. My mind is spinning. It feels so heavy being human. Every step is like walking in mud. 
Looking up, I say out loud. “Is this a joke?” I try to remember everything I committed to: Be anybody. Do anything. Find the missing kids. I look for the time, have no watch. The sun is mid-sky. I hesitate. “Wait…” I say to Mother, “How’d you pull this off? Didn’t you have to get the ‘Big Guy’s’ approval?” I gesture wildly. “Why would you do this for me? Forgiveness? That couldn’t be it. You never cared what anyone else thought. Maybe you have to do something nice to get into heaven…if there is such a thing. I can’t imagine what Dad ever saw in you. You’re just as crazy as you were when you were alive. What… do you keep knocking on heaven’s gate, and nobody will let you in? That’s ripe. The Christian reject. Perfect.” 
I babble on and on as if being paid by the syllable. Great freedom comes with being perceived as crazy. “I hope you know I’m not leaving here until all those kids are found.” I begin to question my own sanity. “Am I in purgatory? Is that what this is? Maybe you’re trying to figure out which way I’ll go… up or down.” I kick a rock. “All I want is to be here with my kids and friends. That’s it. So thank you very much. You’re dismissed.” 
As if I have any control over the situation. 
I think about what it would be like to live for the rest of my life as DeWayne. I wonder how he came to settle for so little in the world, wonder what his background was. What makes a person think, this is all I deserve: sleeping by a dumpster, waiting to be fed, bathing in a gas station sink. And just look at how Vang treated me in different skin. 
I wish I had done more for him, instead of just feeding him like a hungry dog. He’s a person who probably experienced more abuse than I can even fathom. 
Maybe that’s why I woke up as DeWayne… to understand him. Maybe get him some help. 
Liking the sound of DeWayne’s deep voice, I try singing, “Let’s get it on,” by Marvin Gaye. His timbre vibrates in my chest. The walk seems to go on for days. I comb the shoulder of the highway for a stray shoe. My left foot starts to bleed. 
After what feels like an eternity, a car playing Def Leppard pulls up behind me. Turning toward it, I see three big white guys inside. They’re drinking Pabst. 
“Hey… Scum Bag,” the guy in the passenger seat says to me, then throws a full beer at my head. “Thirsty?” 
I duck just in time. 
The others laugh. They stop the car, all get out. 
“Hungry?” Another one of them says and curls his hand into a fist. “I’ve got a knuckle sandwich for ya.” 
They are a cacophony of low, dumb laughs. 
“Who talks like that?” I say and hike up loose pants. “What are you, six-years-old?”
Without warning, he decks me; a knock-down punch to the right eye. I’m a spinning carnival ride. My whole body throbs. He kicks me in the stomach, knocks out all my air. 
“Grab his legs,” one of them says.
For a second I wonder if they’re going to rape me. Girl thinking. 
“Let’s get him to the bridge,” the driver says. 
All three men grab me. I try to fight, but I’ve got no strength, feel like I have no bones. Without teeth, I can’t bite them. They’re going to throw me off, onto the railroad tracks below. Traffic whizzes by. No one stops. A passing car honks like we’re at a tailgate party. 
“You guys don’t want to do this. I’ve got friends in the police department,” I say. 
“Yeah… you look like you’d be friends with cops.” They all laugh, shimmy me higher. 
I try to wriggle free. My efforts are futile. 
Is DeWayne treated like this all the time? 
A distant siren hollers. 
The men look at each other; drop me on the road, then run back to their car. My bones are back, they feel like shattered glass. I lean on one elbow, try to get up. Everything in me is screaming. I lay on my back, look at the sky, and wonder if Mother is getting a kick out of this. 

A police car pulls up. An officer gets out and runs to me. “Are you okay?” He’s writing something down, presumably their license plate number. 
Even though he’s a blur, I recognize his voice. “Archer?”  
“How’d you know my name?” He helps me to my feet.
“It’s on your badge,” I lie. 
 He touches around my eye. “That must have been a hell of a punch.” 
With his support, we make our way to the passenger’s seat of his squad car. I stumble. 
“Thanks… you know, for being here.” I’m embarrassed by my smell. 
He unwraps an alcohol swab. “This might hurt.” 
I brace for the worst, but now feel numb from head to toe. Addictive cells want to suck on the alcohol-drenched cotton. 
“You got any food?” I try to imitate DeWayne’s speech pattern.
“Sure.” He opens the glove box. It’s filled with protein-rich snacks. 
“Not a Twinkie guy?” I joke. 
“I get the shakes if I don’t eat every few hours.”
“I get the shakes, too.” I hold up a hand to show him that I’m not kidding. This is a tough body to be in. 
He laughs and puts a butterfly bandage on my cheekbone. “Take whatever you want.” 
“Thanks.” I grab a Power Bar. “Hey… can you drop me somewhere?” I realize that Lynette is probably at work, and the kids are in school. 
“That all depends.” He looks at me, raises his eyebrows. 
“Nothing sketchy. I just need to go to my shrink’s office… weekly meeting.” I can’t eat the Power Bar; my teeth feel loose. No wonder he only wanted cinnamon rolls. “Hey… what’s the date?”
“The 17th.” He shines a flashlight in my eyes. “You might have a concussion.” 
I don’t want to be taken to the hospital. “It’s not that, I just lose track of the days out here.” 
As he drives, I realize I can ask him about my shooting. DeWayne was there. 
“I remember you from the other day… you know when that lady got shot,” I say, trying to act casual. 
He looks at me. “That was you? I was so caught up in…” 
“Yeah, that was scary.” Mindlessly, I scratch my crotch. “Do you have any leads yet?” 
He laughs. “You sound like a cop.” He goes quiet. Then, “Nothing so far.” 
I forget who I am for a minute. “Don’t lose sight of the kids.” 
He looks at me, then the road. “Do you mean her kids?” 
I scramble. “She mentioned something about missing kids. I’m sure she’d want you to focus on that, since it was so important to her and all.” 
He seems to be thinking. “You saw someone speeding away that day?”  
“I did?” I say, hoping it came out as a statement. God, I’m itchy. 
“Yeah, in a black sedan. Don’t you remember?” He looks over at me.
“Sure, sure,” I say, then look out the widow.  
“Do you remember anything else?”
I wonder what DeWayne saw. With these eyes, not much.“Naw. I don’t know nothin’. My memory’s kind of fuzzy, today.” 
At Lynette’s office, he drops me at the front curb. 
“Stay out of trouble, now.” Archer starts to drive away, stops himself. “You know…if you want to get some help, Lou’s Place is over on Washington.” He hands me a card through the passenger’s side. “I’ll come to get you anytime— day or night.” 
“Thanks,” I say, touched by his kindness toward DeWayne. “Thanks a lot.” 
As I turn to leave, something occurs to me. 
“Hey…” I lean down to the open window. “My shrink was a good friend of Miss Emma’s. Maybe she can help you with the missing kids. She knows an awful lot about dysfunctional families…why a kid would run away. Her name is Lynette. Lynette McCollum- Hayes.”
He looks at me. “Emma mentioned her before….” 
I smile. “Maybe I’m channeling her.”
He laughs. “Yeah…’channeling’ happens every day on my watch.” 
As he pulls away, I push the revolving door, spin past the ladies room, and head to Lynette’s office. 
Jesus… my crotch is driving me crazy. 
As I scratch, two middle-aged women pass me and move together like nervous hens. 
After one final scratch, I open the door to Lynette’s waiting room and brace myself. If I don’t believe what’s happening to me, she won’t either. She’s on the phone with her back to the door. I don’t notice at first… she’s sobbing. 
She speaks into the receiver: “I can’t believe how much this hurts, Lou. I feel like my heart is missing. And the kids… they don’t believe it. It’s like they expect her to walk through the door any second.” Her body shudders as she inhales deep. “We spent every day together for nearly thirty years. I don’t even know how to be myself without her.” 
I can imagine Lou on the other end of the line: “Oh Honey… I know Babe…I wish I could bring her back.”
I listen quietly until Lynette hangs up. Then she puts her head down on the desk, rolls it from side to side. A part of me feels awful for what she’s going through. Another part feels completely loved. She rises to her elbows, wipes tears from her eyes, and turns toward the door. Her look of sorrow morphs to shock when she sees me. 
“Can I help you?” She stands and moves away from me.
“It’s me, Lynette.” I’m surprised she doesn’t recognize me, despite the skin I’m in. 
She looks at me sideways. “I’m sorry, Sir. I’m afraid I don’t know you.” She opens a desk drawer. 
“It’s me, Emma.”
“Let’s just stay calm.” She pulls a can of pepper spray out of the drawer. “And I’ll get you some help.”
“It’s Emma, I swear. McCollum/James honor.” I hold up two fingers, cross my heart.
She raises her eyebrows. “What did you say?” 
“We used to say that when we were kids. McCollum/James honor, you know…when we swore to tell the truth.” I’m trying to put her at ease.
“Bullshit.” She shakes the can. “Who told you that?”
“You should be ashamed of yourself— treating a homeless man with such disrespect. You shameless hussy.” I have called her this many times before. 
“How dare you?” She plants her feet in a fighting stance. 
“Ask me anything and I’ll answer as quickly as possible.” I give her the “c’mon” gesture. 
“I won’t do anything of the sort.” 
“Snob.” She hates to be called this. 
“I am not a snob.” She looks indignant. Her eyes are swollen. 
“Yes you are.” I pull up an old memory. “Remember when you wouldn’t go to the homecoming dance with Brian Bomgard because he drove a Pacer?” 
Lynette is struck silent. 
“Just give me three questions, fast as you can.”
She hesitates, then lowers the can. “I’ll only play along, because… well… someone thinks Emma is still here, in spirit.” 
“That someone would be my daughter.” 
 Lynette looks at me. “Three questions: Who is my husband, how many kids did we want, what’s my favorite candy?”
“Lou, five, and PEZ.”
She looks rattled. “What was the name of my first parakeet?”
“Algae.” 
“Where did we try smoking cigarettes?” 
“In the ravine, by the culvert, on Halloween.”
“Who was your first kiss?”
“Jimmy Panettiere, in my Dad’s shed… after we ran through the sprinkler.” 
She sits down on her on her consulting couch. “Holy Hannah.” She bolts up. “I need a drink.” 
“You don’t drink, except for Christmas, New Year’s, St. Patty’s Day… and whenever someone dies.” 
Lynette thinks again. “I’ve got it. Only you and I were on the porch the night before you died. What did we talk about?” 
I lock eyes with her. “Tommy Martin.”
Lynette holds her hands up to her mouth. “Kate was right?!” 
“I don’t know how long I have here.” My voice still surprises me. 
“Huh?” She looks up at me and braces herself. 
“I made a deal with my mother…” 
“You saw your mom?” She reaches out to take my hand, thinks better of it. 
“Not exactly. She only said a couple of things.”
“Like what?” 
“She asked if I would willingly reject Nirvana to have an extra few days on earth.”
“Nirvana is a Buddhist term. She was a die-hard Christian.”
“That’s what I thought.” I sit down on the couch.
“What else did she say?”
“That I have ‘seven wakings’.” 
Lynette get up, starts pacing. “What does that mean?”
“I guess that means I have seven days.”
Lynette nods. 
“Oh… and I have to find the missing kids while I’m here.” 
“Is that what you were working on before you were…” She can’t seem to say the word.
“Killed?” 
She nods.
“Yeah. It was the first time I saw pictures of the kids. Some of the profiles were odd. A new recruit and I talked about how some of the kids didn’t fit the description of a typical runaway.” 
She leans against her desk. “Did you share your concerns with anyone else?” 
“I started to… at the station, but was cut off.”
Lynette looks at me. 
“You think I was murdered for that?” 
“If somebody in that room thought you were onto something— that they didn’t want exposed— that could be motivation.”
My mind drifts back to that day. “Mike knew exactly where I was going.” I consider the possibility. It’s too obvious. He’s seems like a barker, not a biter. 
 “How can you possibly solve kidnappings and a murder in seven days?” 
“I have no idea,” I gesture to my body, “especially looking like this.” My crotch is on fire. It’s all I can do not to scratch myself raw. I want to rip my pants off and see what’s going on down there.
 Lynette inspects me. There’s levity in her eyes. “I’d give you a hug, but....” 
I laugh at her candor. “I would kill for a shower and fresh clothes before I see the kids.”
“What happened to your eye?” She touches my cheekbone. 
It’s swollen shut. “I got jumped. Hey, do you have any glasses?” 
“Just my readers, they’re +1.50.” She hands me her old lady specs. 
Things get clearer, but are still a little fuzzy. I wonder if it’s my vision or alcohol poisoning. “We need to get some stronger ones. I don’t know how DeWayne navigates with these eyes.” 
As we walk down the hall Joe, the hot lawyer, comes out of his office. He’s visibly startled by me. For a moment I think he’s reacting to our chemistry. 
“Hello again.” I say, and take a flirting stance. 
Lynette elbows me in the ribs, reminds me of the skin I’m in. 
“I’m sorry… have we met before?” Joe searches my eyes.
Lynette interjects, “This is my… client. I’m just taking him to treatment.”
I can see Joe’s mind racing. “Lynette, would you like me to walk you to the parking lot?” 
“Don’t worry. I’m harmless,” I say. 
“Except to himself.” Lynette adds, selling herself as a counselor. “Must go. Time for detox.” She laughs nervously, pulls me toward the door. 
Joe stands in the hallway, gives a little wave, and watches us leave. Jangling the change in his pocket, he looks mystified. 

Standing in Lynette’s bathroom, I have to get naked. I peel off my shirt and look at my torso in the oval mirror above her sink. Dark skin is pulled tight over bones. I unfasten the top button of tan pants. “Here we go,” I say to myself, and lower the zipper, slow. 
I’m not wearing any underwear. 
My pubic hair looks like a sea monster. A sea monster that’s moving. Jesus… I’ve got lice.
“Lynette,” I say in a regular voice, betting that she’s right outside the door, “get me a hedge trimmer.” 
I hear her charge down the hall, open a closet, run back, knock, and crack open the bathroom door. Her hand and wrist appear with a “Mangroomer” kit. The box reads: “Private Body Shaver- Allows a Fella to Safely Take Care of Unwanted Hair in Private— Around Privates.” 
Through the door she says, “It’s Lou’s. We can burn it when you’re done.” 
Hmmm. I never took Lou for a man-scaper. I try to shake the image from my mind; prefer to think of him as gender neutral “down there”… like a Ken doll. 
I plié over the toilet and sheer myself. It takes longer than planned. Shaving around man parts requires serious skill. Pretending I’m a nurse, I try to disengage from the absurdity of the moment. 
Once done, I flush enough hair to make a toy poodle, then feel compelled to look at my back. Hundreds of old scars, the shape of pick-up-sticks, crisscross my torso. It’s years of old damage. I can’t imagine what DeWayne has been through. 
The warm shower expands my stench. I hold my breath and wait for the air around me to get sucked into the ceiling fan. Lathering from forehead to feet, I see that I’ll have to trim long toe nails; they look like dew claws. Running my hair under water, I wonder how to wash dreadlocks. I pour a handful of shampoo into my palm and press it into my hair. It smells like strawberries and cream. Later, I’ll give Lynette a hard time about her shampoo choice, tell her that Lou deserves a more masculine scent. I’m sure she’ll defend her choice saying, “The cheap brands work just as well as the expensive ones.” 
Lynette has put a fresh stack of Lou’s clothes on the side of the sink for me. Who knew he wore briefs? After brushing my teeth and tongue— twice I dress, put on Lou’s G-Man glasses (which work surprisingly well), and emerge from the bathroom in a cloud of steam. 
Lynette stifles a laugh. “You’re a sight.” 
I’m wearing navy Dockers, a Hawaiian shirt, and a sweater vest. “You picked this out.” 
“Lou wears it better.” She inspects me head to toe.
“Keep telling yourself that, Sister.” I lean over and re-wrap a yellow towel around heavy dreadlocks. “Do you think I should keep this on, or let my hair air dry?” 
She taps a forefinger to her lips. “Air dry?”
I take off the towel and go to the kitchen to find something to eat. Never before have I hated that Lynette was a vegetarian more than now. This body needs a Big Mac and fries, and her fridge is loaded with tofu, rice cakes, and vegetables. I find peanut butter and jelly and squish them between two rice cakes. I can’t bite into it. Starving, I lick the insides. 
Something catches my eye. Two men on bikes ride past her front window. “Why wouldn’t they knock?” I mumble. 
“Huh?” Lynette is looking at my nails— all ten of them. “We’re going to need pruning shears.” 
“Why wouldn’t the missionaries knock?” I look at her, put down the rice cakes. “Your car is in the driveway. It’s their job to save our souls.” I hear a low rumble. I wonder if it’s construction equipment, trash trucks, or…. “What time is it?” 
Lynette looks at her watch. “2:53.” 
No sooner than she says the words, does it hit us. It’s the school bus. 
“They’re already getting dropped off here?” I feel disposable again.
“We just thought it would be easier on the kids to come straight here. But if you think…”
“No. You’re right. I just…” 
The kids burst through the front door and stop in the entryway like they’ve been hit by force field. We’re all stock-still. Both kids stare at me, gap-mouthed. Rico trots in through the back, looks equally confused.
“What’s going on?” Kate says.  
“I love you more than you could ever possibly know.” I’m hoping to be instantly understood. 
Mac looks to Lynette. “Why’s DeWayne in your living room, wearing Lou’s clothes, and talking like my Mom?” 
“I know you’re going to find this hard to believe …” Lynette takes a deep breath, “but DeWayne is your mother.” 
Mac and Kate look at each other. 
“Is this what they call a nervous breakdown? ‘Cause you’re kind of freaking us out,” Mac says. 
“Do you remember when you said that you didn’t think your mother had crossed over?”
Kate looks at us sideways. “Yeah…” 
“Well… you were right. She’s back, just in a different… form.” 
“Uh huh.” Kate crosses her arms.
Mac laughs. “I’m supposed to believe my mom’s a dude?” He looks me over. 
“If this is a joke it’s a bad one.” Kate looks furious. “My mom was murdered five days ago and now you’re here trying to… what? Get money?”
“Well he’s certainly not here for the clothes,” Mac says. 
Kate backhands him in the chest and gets in his face. “This is funny to you? Mom’s dead and you’re joking around?”
Mac puts up his hands and backs up. “Whoa.” He looks at Lynette and says, “I think we have a case of displaced aggression.” 
“Displaced? You’re being a douche, Lynette’s losing her mind, and the only thing our parents can do is fill the bottom of a litter box.” Kate storms up the stairs and slams the door.

“That… could have gone better,” Lynette says.
I pat her on the back. “Maybe a slower buildup next time.” 
“You mean: ‘DeWayne is your mother’ shouldn’t have been the first thing out of my mouth?”
I turn to her. “Maybe try a ‘parenting moment’ before you lay the big stuff on them. Like, ‘Hey kids, do you guys believe in re-incarnation?’ Then you talk about it in theory before giving them a live example.” I point my forefingers at my body. 
Mac’s eyes change. “Okay… this is officially creepy. Your words and speech pattern are exactly like my mom. And that thing you did with your hands is her too.”
I sit down on a dinette chair to meet his eye level. “Mac. Do you know how much I—your mother— love you?” 
He looks to Lynette. “Am I supposed to respond to this?”
“Only if you’re comfortable,”  She says. 
“I’m about as uncomfortable as a guy can be.” 
 I’m losing him, change gears. “What I’m trying to say is that spirits don’t die when the body does. We already know that some spirits talk to people— like your sister, some become guardian angels, and apparently others can elect to… inhabit people.”
He sits in a chair across the table from me. “And I’m supposed to believe that— of all the people in the world— you’ve ‘elected’ to become DeWayne? He’s not exactly super-hero material.” 
I put my hands on the table.  “Granted, I probably should have been more specific when I asked to come back. Let’s just say, I was a little panicked and may have committed to: ‘Be anybody and do anything,’ to see you guys again.” 
Lynette sits down next to him. “I didn’t believe he was your mom either, until I asked a few questions. Can you think of anything that only your mom would know?” 
Mac seems to search his memory. “Tell me about our morning… before you were killed… in detail.”
Good idea. “Lynette and I slept at Grandpa’s house. Rico woke me up at 6:00— just after Lou went home.  When I came back, you guys were already up. Kate was cooking and you were reading…” I struggle to remember the book. “It was red; the book I mean.” 
He smiles. “The Catcher in the Rye.”
“Yes. And I rubbed your crazy Medusa hair, then went up to change for a run.” I hear a squeak on the stairs and know that Kate’s listening. “I think my shirt was blue, but I can’t be sure. Anyway… on the run I had an ‘encounter’ with a lady and her crazy dog. After, I ate Kate’s bacon, while she was texting and noticed her outfit: yellow pants, red shoes, purple hat. You were teaching Grandpa how to play Xbox. I remember kissing Kate on the cheek…”
Kate eases down the stairs. “And I said yuck.” She starts to cry. “I shouldn’t have said that. It was like, one of the last things…”
I laugh/cry. “You’re a teenager. You’re supposed to push me away.” 
She sits next to me and seems to search DeWayne eyes for a trace of me. “I don’t know what to think, but you need to go easy on the ‘Mom’ stuff.” 
 “Seriously. That just makes you sound…” Mac looks to Lynette.
“Delusional?” 
He holds up a hand. “I was going for more like… cracked-out crazy. But if you want to be all p.c. about it…” 
I sense a sliver of belief in both of them. It’ll just take time. 
As we sit together at the table, I tell them about the conversation with my mother: I have to help the missing kids, figure out if my killing was intentional, and… I only have seven days. 

“I want to help,” Kate says. “If mom was murdered, I want to know why.”
“Count me in.” Mac get up and goes to the fridge. “It’s about time I put my cop blood to work.” He pulls out a carton of soymilk and reaches into the cabinet for peanut butter and jelly.
Lynette looks at me with “say something” eyes. 
“I’m glad you guys want to be involved, but let’s just take this one step at a time.” I get up and look out the window. The missionaries are nowhere in sight. Turning back, I say, “I need to see the files on the kids again, and I think Archer’s naïve enough to show them to you.”
“Me?” Lynette walks into the kitchen. “Why me?” She puts a plate and napkin on the counter for Mac. 
“Because I told him about you. Said you could do psychological profiles of the families whose children didn’t seem to be ‘typical’ runaways.” 
“I could certainly do that, but it’s not like he’ll let you be in the room when I do.”
Mac brings his plate and glass to the table. “What if he came here first? I could wire this place like a mall. You’d be able to see everything.” He takes a bite of his sandwich. 
“That’s a great idea. Can you zoom in on files? Maybe take pictures?”
He swallows. “He’ll have to sit in a certain spot. But yeah… I can figure something out.”

 Lynette calls Archer and suggests they get together about the missing kids. “My heart is aching over the loss of Emma. I’d like to help…as a memorial, of sorts.” 
He agrees. “Nothing official, just a friendly chat.” They set a meeting at Lynette’s house after his shift. 
Meanwhile, the kids come up with a way to watch the exchange between Lynette and Archer: After running to our old house, with Rico at their heels, Mac enters Lynette’s kitchen and connects something to Lou’s computer. Kate has a Bluetooth earpiece and a cell phone. 
“If you point her computer this way, and Lynette and Archer sit in these two chairs,” Mac adjusts the angle of the computer, and puts a video cam on the top. “we’ll be able to see them from our home computer. We’ll just have to Skype her, then minimize their screen.” 
I look at him like he’s speaking Latin. 
 “At home, we’ll turn on our Apple— it has a built-in camera— connect to Skype, and mute our side of the conversation.” Mac looks to see if I understand. 
I don’t. 
Kate picks up on my confusion. “Basically, it’ll be like a one-way mirror, we can see and hear them, but they won’t be able to see us.”
 Now she’s speaking my language. 
Kate continues: “With the Bluetooth on, only Lynette will be able to hear you. You can tell her to ask specific questions, or respond in a certain way.”  
Mac adjusts the settings on his phone to record our conversation so we can replay it.
Kate gives Mac the Bluetooth and her cell phone. “Do you know how to pair these?”  
He presses a small button on the side and a blue light flashes on. “You just have to select ‘add a new device’ from the connectivity settings. Did you ever set a passcode?” 
I wonder when kids became so technologically savvy? I feel like a caveman. 
Kate shakes her head. 
“Then it’s probably the default: 0000.” Within seconds Mac has them synced, and gives them back to Kate. 
She helps Lynette with the earpiece. “It’ll feel weird at first, because it sits on— instead of inside— your ear. But try not to mess with it; you’ll muffle the sound. Besides, Archer will think you have some kind of weird tic if you keep touching the side of your head.”
Mac looks up at them. “You should put down your hair, Lynette. If the blue light is still noticeable, I can put some electrical tape over it.”  
Lynette unravels a loose bun and shakes out her hair. Her mane is so wild that you’d have a hard time seeing a fog light through it. Mac gives her two thumbs up. “You should leave it on, so that you get used to it before he gets here.”
“When’s Archer coming?” I ask Lynette. 
“Seven o’clock,” she says. 
“Just enough time for that Mexican dinner I promised you guys.” They look at each other; seem to be comparing notes. 
Realizing I’m broke, I defer to Lynette. 
“Dinner’s on me,” she says. 
There’s a first time for everything. 
“Are you going to tell Lou about me?” I ask, knowing that Lynette tells him everything. 
“Definitely not,” she says. “He was just beginning to believe you were psychic. Reincarnation would take another seventeen years of convincing.”
In Lynette’s old Buick LeSabre, we buckle in. I look at my kids as if seeing them for the first time. “You guys are so amazing,” I say, and reach back to squeeze their hands.
“No touchy, feely stuff, Mister,” Kate says. 
I draw back; realize that I threaten her. By simply being male, I pose a new level of risk. 
 
After La Cucaracha, Lynette goes to her house; the kids and I go to ours. Huddled around the computer, we hear a knock on Lynette’s door. 
“Tell Lynette to put the phone down somewhere close, but face down. Otherwise Archer will see that it’s active.” Mac says. 
I can see him becoming an FBI agent. But I’ll never know. 
Mac adjusts some settings on the computer. “Here’s your phone.”
After dialing, Lynette answers and does as told. The doorbell rings. She looks through the peephole, must see that it’s Archer. 
“Come in,” she says, and ushers him into her living room. Most of her furniture is beige and purchased from garage sales. I once asked Lynette what she was saving all her money for: a trip abroad, a bigger house, plastic surgery? She tightened her mouth and said, “A rainy day. Subject closed.” 
“Have a seat.” She gestures to the wrong chair. 
“Not that one!” I bark. The kids look at me. “I mean… we won’t be able to see him there. You have to be in the chairs by the coffee table.” 
“I’m sorry,” Lynette says to Archer, as if she’s Martha Stewart, “men usually sit over here… tradition.” 
Kate sees Archer for the first time. “What a hotty.”
“I know,” I touch her hand, “…and he’s nice too. I give you complete permission to make babies with him… when you’re older.” 
“By older… do you mean tomorrow?” 
The thought of her being sexually active throws me. “I was thinking something more along the lines of immaculate conception… when you’re twenty-five.”
 Mac puts up his hand. “As much as it kills me to interrupt the sex talk you’re having, I think we should pay attention.” 
Suddenly I crave alcohol. I don’t just want a drink; I need one. “Do we have any liquor?” 
The kids stare at me. 
“I need alcohol.” My cells feel like they might implode. “Now.” 
Kate shrugs. “I guess there’s still stuff at grandpa’s house.”
“Get it. I feel like I’ll stop breathing without it.”
Kate goes out the back. Rico doesn’t know whether to follow her or stay to protect Mac. He chooses to run after Kate, a sign that he trusts me. 
Mac stays focused on the computer. He’s figured out a way to have their interaction transcribed. Words race across the bottom of the screen, mostly small talk.  
Kate returns with all the leftover bottles from Dad’s wake. Reading the labels: “We have Schnapps, Jose Cuervo, Jagermeister, and Smirnoff.” 
Smirnoff calls to me. I grab the bottle, twist off the lid, and gulp like I’m pouring water on flames. 
“Hey,” Kate says to me, grabbing the bottle, “that’s enough!” 
It’s more than enough. Now I feel a different kind of sick.
“Excuse me Mr. Boozer. They’re talking about the runaways.” Mac says and redirects me to the screen. “Isn’t that why we’re here?”
“Emma was working on a runaway problem?” Lynette crosses her legs at the ankle.
“Actually, she wondered if it might be something else.” 
“What do you mean ‘something else’?” 
“She thought that some of the kids might have been abducted.”
“Oh?” She feigns surprise. “Do you know why she suspected that?”
“Some of the kids didn’t fit the profile of a typical runaway.”
“How so?”
“They seemed younger. Less ‘damaged’.”
I whisper into the phone. “Ask Archer if you can see his files. So I can tell him where to focus.”
Lynette glances at Archer’s briefcase. “I’m wondering… if you would feel comfortable enough… if you can tell me about the missing kids.”
Archer shifts in his seat. “I don’t think I can do that.”
“It’s just that I knew Emma so well. We grew up together. I’m sure I’ll be able see what she was thinking. I always could.”
He thinks for a moment. “This is off the record, right?” 
“Just you and me.” 
“If you have some insight into the pictures, I’m willing to listen. But, their files are strictly off limits.” Archer pulls out the files, with the photos clipped on the outside, from his briefcase and places them on the table. “This is the order Emma had them in before…” His voice drifts off.
Mac aims the camera down to the coffee table, then gets up for something. 
I whisper to Lynette, “The ones that have the thicker files have been in the system for a long time. You can put those to the side for now.” 
 “Knowing Emma, she would have put the kids who have a history with Child Protective Services toward the bottom. Not because they’re less important, just not related to what she was looking for at the time.” 
Archer flips through the files and removes all but about a dozen, then lays the remaining ones out on the coffee table. 
I reach for the Vodka, while instructing Lynette. “Now put away any that have been arrested, or have a history of drug abuse.” 
Kate grabs the bottle from me. “Knock it off!”

Lynette addresses Archer.  “Do any of the remaining kids have a police record or a problem with drugs?” 
Archer looks through and removes four more files. 
 With the exception of three files, there are clear similarities in the pictures that are left on the table. 
They’re all young girls. 
Too young to choose the street over family… no matter how dysfunctional. 
Lynette seems to get it. “If you remove these three older boys…”
Archer finishes her sentence, … “They’re all young girls.”
Lynette gets more specific: “Pre-pubescent girls. Archer… you’re dealing with a pedophile. A prolific one.” 
Archer flips through the remaining five files. “Each of these girls was reported missing within the last two weeks.”
“Have you spoken with any of their families?” 
“They aren’t my cases.” He looks to Lynette. “Why would I be given the oldest files?”
“They probably just wanted someone with a little more experience to handle the new cases.” She pats his forearm. “I wouldn’t take it personally.”

Mac returns and makes a guttural sound. “That’s Anna Tyler.” He points at her picture. 
I was so ‘in business mode’ that I forgot that he might know her. “Oh, Honey. I’m so sorry. I should have warned you.” 
She looks angelic: long blond wavy hair, ethnic blue eyes, and berry stained full lips. “She’s the girl Mom asked me about.” Kate’s voice trails off. 
Mac mutters, “She’s in my Social Studies class. I thought she was just on vacation.” 
I rub his back. “We’ll find her, Mac. I’m sure of it.”
Kate says, “I can see why you like her. She’s really pretty.”
He never told me about her. I wonder how much more I don’t know about my kids’ lives. And will never know.
Mac zooms in on the photos holds down a key and presses a button on the top of the computer. “Screen shots for later.”
Kate writes down the names of the missing girls.

Lynette’s expression changes; it looks like she going to drop the bomb. “There’s something else that may shock you.” 
“More than finding out that five girls are in the hands of a pedophile?”
She nods. “I think someone in the police department is involved in these cases. Someone that was in the meeting room on the day Emma was killed.”
“What? Who?”
“That I don’t know. But, I believe someone knew Emma was onto something during her last meeting at the station. My advice? Focus on these five girls, but don’t tell anyone what you’re doing. Or send me in to meet with the parents. I wouldn’t even have to run assessments. I could just see their homes and ask them a few questions.”  
Archer’s mind seems to be spinning. “I…I need to sleep on this. Figure out what to do.”
Lynette puts her hand on his back. “I understand. Will you call me in the morning and let me know what you decide?” 
He nods and stands. Lynette shows him to the door.

Kate says, “You can ‘creep’ on the girls’ Facebook pages to see what they’re about.”  
“Good idea.” Mac goes to his Facebook page. He’s tagged in several photos with Anna. She’s smiling in every photo, whether alone or with family and friends. This was not an unhappy child who would run away from home. 
“You can also MapQuest their houses in satellite image.” Mac types in Anna’s address and zooms in on her house. The image is so clear you can see the shingles on her roof. 
Once he puts in all of the addresses, a clear pattern emerges. 
I trace a “C” on the computer. “If one more girl get taken, it’ll close the circle.”
“So you think another girl will be taken from about here?” Kate points at Woodcrest.
“Unless the kidnapper’s name begins with a “C,” that would be my guess.” 

Lynette comes in the back door. “Archer is literally the best looking person I’ve ever seen.” She glances around. “What’s with all the liquor?” 
“He’s a booze hound,” Mac says.
I look at the Vodka; want to down some more. “Seriously, it’s a cellular thing. I felt like I would catch fire if I didn’t have a drink.” 
“It’s not just the mind that gets addicted.” Lynette moves the bottle out of my reach, and looks at Mac. “Is something wrong?”
Kate responds. “Mac knows one of the girls.”
	Lynette gasps. “My God… I’m so sorry.”
	Something shifts in Mac’s eyes. The shock is gone. He has his father’s look of resolve. I wonder what’s cooking in that beautiful mind of his, but I know he won’t tell me. Not yet. 
Mac zooms in for close inspection of each house. They’re all middle class neighborhoods on the outskirts of Baltimore. On Facebook, all of the kids have a good network of friends and seem squeaky clean. Narcissism— as with most teens— is their worst fault. 

After working all evening, the kids ask to go to Lynette’s house. A little part of my heart breaks knowing Lynette is replacing me. I can’t resent her— my kids are lucky to have someone that loves them so much, and they love her back— but I do. I put my jealousy on the back burner and ask if I can read them to sleep, like I did when they were young. I promise to leave when I’m done. 
“What do you want to read?” Mac asks. He’s testing me. 
“I thought I’d read To Kill a Mocking Bird.” It’s their favorite book. 
He smiles. “That’s the right answer.” 
Rico curls between their beds. I read by lamplight, until I hear Mac’s soft purr. 
In the silence Kate turns to me. “Grandpa said you should brace yourself.” 
I put down the book. “What do you mean?” I’m ready for anything.
“You won’t be DeWayne tomorrow.”
I wasn’t ready for that. 
“Who will I be?” I sit on the end of her bed. 
“He didn’t say. But he said you only had six more ‘wakings,’ not days.”
We look to each other. It seems like a shorter timeline has been set for when I’ll be gone forever. A tidal wave of fear meets a firestorm of anger. I can’t let Kate see what I’m feeling, because I know she’s feeling it too… and more. 
“Well then,” I say as if I’ll tidy the room, “we’d better be sure to make the best use of our time together.” I smile a toothless grin.
Kate smiles back. “Yeah… I guess so.” She looks at me. “It sure hasn’t been dull.”
 “Remember… I promised you magic everyday.” 
“Lately it’s been the ‘jumping through flames’ kind of magic.” 
I laugh and move back to the chair, then read until sleep overtakes her.
Back in the living room, Lynette is making up the couch.
“I think you should take me to Lou’s Place,” I say. 
She turns to me. “Why?”
	“Apparently, I won’t be DeWayne tomorrow. Maybe it’ll give him a fighting chance if he wakes up there.” I grab one of Lou’s jackets.
“Who will you be?” Lynette drapes herself in a wool wrap. 
“Your guess is as good as mine.” 

At Lou’s Place, I lay down on one of many cots and look around at the dimly lit space. All of these broken spirits have put down their defenses and given into dreams. There’s something beautiful, almost childlike, about trusting that they’ll be taken care of until dawn. This place might be the best home most of them have ever had. 
Lou hands me a bottle of water. “I’m glad you’re back.” 
“Back?” I turn over on the cot to face him. “I’ve been here before?” 
He smiles a crooked smile, sits on the edge of my cot. “You must be having a bad day.” 
I shrug and look blankly at him. 
“You’ve been here many, many times my friend.” Lou kneels down. “But this time will be different. I’m sure of it. Just stay awhile longer and stick with the program. Next thing you know you’ll be clean and sober. Maybe even get a job and have a little place of your own.”
“I can’t promise I’ll stay,” knowing DeWayne will be confused when he wakes up, “but tell me again tomorrow how much you want to help, okay.” 
“Okay.” Lou smiles and stands. “If you need to talk I’ll be in my office for another hour or so.” He touches my back again, as if to heal me. “I’m glad you came in tonight.” 
He walks down the lines of people, giving each one individual attention. 
Before dreams, my last thoughts are of the kids— mine and the five that are missing. I can’t believe my children will have to live their lives without a mother. And, if I don’t do my job, five families will have to go on without their children. 















Chapter Seven - Yum-oh!

Sunlight peeks through slats in wooden blinds, bathing me in rectangles of honey. Opening my eyes slowly, I take in the feel of a luxurious bed: down comforter, feather pillows, sheets that must be Egyptian cotton.  Naked, I snuggle in. 
Someone else moves. 
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!” I grab the sheet and shoot out of bed. 
“Well, that’s a whole new level of rejection.” A man’s familiar voice hangs in the air behind me. 
I wrap the sheet tight and turn toward him. 
It’s Joe, the hot lawyer. 
“Oh my God.” I’m statued.
“That’s a flattering way of seeing me.” He smiles, but his eyes are filled with concern. 
I gather my thoughts and look around the room. The furniture looks made of old money. The cabinets and tables are carved burl wood. Ornate frames protect classic paintings. Gold sculptures of cherubs adorn tabletops made of marble. 
“This is so…pretentious.” My voice is silk. As I turn, sunlight catches me. Tiny prisms dance around the room. Realizing the source, I lift my left hand… “This ring is insane.” 
He’s married!
“Have you been taking your medications?” Joe sits up. The sheet drops to his waist. He’s sleek perfection. I want to taste his skin, kiss his mouth, find out what’s hiding under the sheet. 
“Uh…?” Tugging to straighten my sheet— which has coiled around my ankles— I try to act casual, but my heart is beating like a Tsetse fly. 
“You have to take them both every day.” He starts to get up. 
As much as I want to see every inch of him, I don’t want pills handed to me, where I would be forced to take them. 
“I’ll get them. I need to…” I wonder how his wife would word this… “freshen up.” 
When I turn the wrong way in search of the bathroom, he points toward a large walk-in closet. “That way.” He starts to get up. “I’m just going to ‘freshen up’ too.”
“Wait until I’m out of the room? I’m just feeling a little...” I make a scrambling gesture.
 “Shy? You?” He leans back on elbows. 
“I’m sure I’ll get over it.” This body is overwrought with lust. 
He cocks his head to the side. “What happened to your accent?” 
“Uh. Role play. I’ll be the American girl and you be… exactly who you are.” I give him a wink and head toward the bathroom. I can’t wait to see what I look like. Also, I want to note her meds. Lynette will know what they’re for. It’ll make for good catty talk about the woman married to my man. 
Walking through the center of the closet, I’m blown away. It’s cedar and larger than our living room. A U-shaped track runs along the floor on both sides. Library style ladders sit ready for a second-tiered reach of neatly folded sweaters, color-arranged shoes, and scarves sorted by the season. There are glass drawers filled with bras, underwear, lingerie and hosiery. I look right— more women’s clothes: fur coats, dresses for every occasion, stylish hats, and an assortment of wigs. 
A modest section holds Joe’s clothes and shoes. 
I step onto marble and see myself for the first time in a mirror that runs the full expanse of the farthest wall. Opening my sheet, I see that Joe’s wife is lovely. Her ethnicity is indeterminable. Walking toward my reflection to get a better look, I see that I may be Filipino, Italian, or South American. I lean onto the countertop, searching for flaws. It would be so nice if Joe’s wife were heinous in some way. But she’s not. There’s not a dimple, mole, or crooked tooth that sullies my appearance. She’s dainty, sand-colored, with ink-black hair that touches the small of her back. This body is designed for seduction. And— as if a lover could lose his way— a tidy triangle points toward her vagina. 
The room is equally well-manicured. Everything is stone: a double-headed shower, a Jacuzzi tub, two separate toilet rooms, and a valley sink that runs the length of the counter. 
Joe must be a very good lawyer. 
I look for her medications and find them on the center shelf— Escitalopram and Clozapine. Trying to remember their names as best I can, I use word imagery: “Excited, Recital, Program,” for the first drug and “Clothes-A- Pin,” for the second. Lynette will be able to interpret my mind. I notice her name: Vanessa Montgomery.
Looking for a toothbrush, I realize my subconscious has made a decision: I’m going to sleep with him. I am pulsing with horniness. It’s not just Joe. This body is beyond hungry for fornication. It’s like my veins are coursing with lust. And who knows if there’s sex after life? I can’t bear the thought of thinking the last time I had fooled around— seven years ago— was my last time ever.  I should get right back to the kids and the case, but sex doesn’t have to take very long. And is it cheating if my body is married to him? 
Justifying gets old. 

I walk to Joe, find him lying on his stomach. The white sheet drapes the hollow of his back. His breath is that of dreams. Dropping my sheet to the floor, I crawl onto the bed as weightless as a breeze. Full lips kiss the base of his spine, and every vertebra thereafter. My hands and breasts flirt with his back. I want to know this man’s body. No… I want to ingest every cell of him. 
Joe turns toward me. “I don’t think we should...” He looks deep into me and his expression changes from concerned to mischievous. “Are you sure?” 
“Yah,” escapes like a goose bleat. I can feel my pupils dilate. Never before have I been so turned on. I feel like an animal, hungry for a kill. 
Without hesitation, he turns onto his back, grabs my waist, kisses me— full lips, minimal tongue. Slow kisses grow more passionate. I move on top of him. Silky stomachs touch, breasts meet chest. Morning sun illuminates a glisten of sweat between us. He moans, low. I kiss his neck. Eat his neck. He runs his hands down my back, his mouth down my body, lingering on my breasts. Running my hands through his thick hair, I kiss his ear, nibble the rim, breathe heavy into him. My thigh feels him, hard. He grabs my waist, turns me onto my back, and kisses my stomach and sides. Hungry hands travel his shoulders, back, and strong arms. 
Kissing me lower, he runs his hands up my thigh; his tongue flirts with my pubic line. He looks at me, licks his fingers, and slides them down. Moist fingers trace my shape; find the shivering point, circle slow. He slips a finger inside. I gasp, arch my back, and pull my knees up higher. His mouth meets his hand, they explore warm moisture. My body shivers as his hot breath and soft bites strike deep between my back and belly. It’s like Vanessa’s body has double the normal amount of nerve endings.
“Stop,” I say in a moan. 
He kisses my thighs, looks at me with intoxicated eyes. “You don’t like it.” 
He knows how to work me. “I like it too much.” I pull him toward me, and kiss him slow. Running my hands down his back, to his ass, I’m tempted to pull him inside. But I want to know him with my hands, with my mouth. I turn him over and kiss my way south. My breasts feel him hard. Straddling, I move my way down, put my hands on him. He’s generously endowed. A grateful growl rises from my belly. I move between his legs, touch between his legs. Both hands slow dance around his shaft. I kiss his stomach and move my mouth toward him. I run my tongue from the base to head, and start to take him in my mouth. He stops me.
“I don’t remember the last time…” He’s runs his fingers into my hair.
“I went down on you?” I can hardly focus; I’m so drunk on him. 
“This could be a teenage boy situation.” 
I look at him with a hungry twinkle in my eye. “Thanks for the warning, but I think I’ll take my chances.” 
I explore him with my tongue, mouth, and hands. He moans. Arousing him makes me want him even more. Heat and moisture pulse inside me. 
“You’d better stop,” he says, grabbing the bed. 
Running my hands up his thighs, over hip bones, and up his side, I kiss his stomach, neck, mouth. He turns me onto my back, looks at me deep. Slowly he slides into me. I shiver and arch. We lock eyes, and move together. Slow at first and then faster. Hands and mouths knead and kiss. We are lost in each other. Grabbing the headboard, lightening cracks inside me, he arches.
Tangled in bed sheets, we moan together. 
He kisses my neck, chest and stomach, then rolls onto his back, “Wow! We haven’t had sex like that since we were first married.” 
 “It’s like I’m a whole different person,” I tease. 
“Or maybe it’s just because it’s been so long.”  He turns onto his side, runs his hand through my hair, looks at me. “God, I’ve missed being with you.” 
I don’t know what to feel. He has love in his eyes for Vanessa, but I felt so connected to him that it seems like a betrayal. 
“I’ll bring us some juice.” Joe gets up and heads toward the door. 
As he opens it, a dog rushes in. It’s the Hell Dog. 
“Oh shit!” The dog stops his playful romp toward me, starts to growl, bears his teeth and leans in. 
“What in the world?” Joe grabs him by the collar. 
The dog pulls away from him, runs toward me, and barks like he’ll kill me. I find myself standing on the bed, a bed sheet up to my chin. 
“Damian, no!” Joe grabs him again, heads toward the door. “I’ll put him away.” 
My mind starts spinning. I’m the lady dressed in pink. I look for a phone, need to call Lynette. I have to get out of here. Going to the closet to look for clothes, I hear the door. 
Joe finds me in a bra and underwear, tags still on. 
I start to get antsy, want to see my kids and find out if Lynette has connected with Archer.  “I should go.” I reach for a grey sweater. 
He takes my hand. “Can’t business wait? I was hoping you’d have time for a shower.” He flashes a mischievous smile. 
This body is overwrought with passion. Besides, it feels like my intuition is nearly yelling at me: DON’T LEAVE YET. Something huge is about to happen. And it’s not talking about sex.  
In the bathroom together, we make love under warm water. It is slower this time, as if bodies are gone and our spirits mingle. 	
After we get ready, the doorbell rings. 
We look at each other. 
“I should get that.” Joe heads for the front door. 
I trail behind him. 
He looks through the side panel of the front door. “It’s your people. What should I do?” 
“My people?” I say, tucked behind a column. 
“You know, the men from the church.” Joe ties his robe tighter. 
 I feel like I’ve hooked a fish and didn’t even have a pole in the water. “I’ll get it.” I rush the door. “Wait,” I say to Joe, “how do I normally speak?” 
Without hesitation he says, “With Eurasian enunciation.” 
I have no idea what he means, so I opt for Kate Winslet. Opening the door, I move purposefully, wish I had a small dog in the crook of my arm. 
“Good morning, gentleman.” I growl. 
“Mrs. Montgomery.” One of the two men looks at Joe, then to me. “Would you like to step outside? We have something to go over with you.” 
I need to get some information from Joe before I talk to them. “Gentleman, I’m feeling quite… indecent.” I pull the robe together at my chest. “I’ll just need a moment or two to put on proper attire.” Shutting the door, I turn and take Joe’s hand. 
I rush to the closet with him at my side. “Give me my life story in a nutshell… fast as you can.” I pull the tags off my underwear, put on a short-sleeved button up shirt, and the grey sweater. 
He looks like some of the kids I worked with, trying to figure out how to deal with a chemically altered parent. 
“Just pretend I don’t know who I really am. Give me her crib notes. You can take me to a doctor later, but for now I need to talk to these guys. It’s a matter of life and death— not just my own. There are kids involved.” 
After a pregnant pause, Joe takes my hand. “I’ll go with you on this, but then we visit Dr. Morales as soon as they’re gone. Agree?”
I can tell he has negotiated with Vanessa many times, but it feels like he’s talking to me. “Whatever you say.” I hold up my little finger. “Pinky swear.” 
“This feels ridiculous.”
“Indulge me.”
“Fine. You moved here from Singapore at nine; when your mother agreed to marry a wealthy, American man. She died when you were twelve, and you’ve had a… tenuous relationship with your stepfather ever since. But you and your sister seem close.”
“What is my connection to the men outside?” Finding no jeans, I grab cigarette pants and Gucci loafers. 
“Frankly, I’m wondering the same thing.” 
I rush to the bathroom, remove the towel from my head, and start brushing long hair. Joe follows me. “Do I work?” I ask, knowing Vanessa wouldn’t have to. 
“You work with your stepfather— something about commercial real estate. You haven’t shared that information with me.” He pauses. “Saying all of this out loud makes this marriage sound dismal.” 
“You care about my well-being and privacy. There’s nothing shameful in that.” I start to turn. 
Joe catches my hand. “Don’t wear your hair down.” 
“Huh?” I turn back to him, am caught off guard by his good looks. 
“You twist it up,” he makes a twirling gesture with his index finger, “or cover it with a hat or wig.” 
“Why?” I ask, opening drawers in search of a rubber band or clip. 
Joe reaches into the bottom cabinet and pulls out a box filled with hair accessories. “You think wearing your hair down sends a sexual message.”
I put my hair in a low ponytail. Even with the meds on the counter, it doesn’t occur to me to ask him what she takes them for. “Would you mind waiting here? I don’t think they’ll open up if you’re nearby.” 
“I’m used to waiting in the wings, my dear.” He leans against the counter and crosses his arms and legs. 
“I promise to include you in everything.” I make firm eye contact; want him to know how a connected relationship feels. 
At the door, I step outside. 
“I’m sorry for the delay.” The men are waiting on the brick driveway. I close the door and walk to them. “To what do I owe the honor of this visit?” 
“We’ve got three more for you to look at.” The young man who looks like Donny Osmond walks over to his bike, gets a manila envelope out of the basket, and walks back to me. Handing it over he says, “I think you’ll like them.” 
Pulling photos from the envelope, I am staggered. Breath catches in my chest.
The men look to each other, seem satisfied by my response. “We knew you’d like them,” the mousy one says. 
“No… I…” I can’t speak. 
“Just tell us which one you want so we can be done. This isn’t what I signed up for,” the Donny says.
 Why do they want six girls? “These won’t do.” I put the photos back. “Keep looking.” My mind is racing, trying to figure out what I can ask. 
“But they’re exactly like the others: young, beautiful, innocent.” The Donny pauses. “We only have five more days to pull this off.” 
Five days? 
My mind flashes to the photos of the five missing girls. “I’d like to see the kids we have again… to make sure they’re still good enough. Can you take me to them?” I tuck the envelope under my arm. 
They look at each other. “We don’t know where you keep them, Mrs. Montgomery. We just find them for you.” They head for their bikes. 
“Right.” I look to the ground, wonder what to say. 
The mousey one gets on his bike. “Have the cop take you, like always.” 
Left alone in the driveway, I try to put together the puzzle pieces: The people involved so far are Vanessa, the guys on bikes, and a police officer. What are they going to do with the kids they’re taking? What’s happening in five days? 
Joe comes out the front door. “Everything all right?” 
I don’t know what to say. Do I keep my promise to include him, even though that would mean telling him about his wife? 
“It’s complicated,” I say.
“Yes, that’s evident by your expression.” He walks to me, takes my hand. “Tell me what’s going on. Let me in.”
“How about, I promise to tell you later? To be sure I’m not making false accusations.” I squeeze his hand the way a doctor would before he tells you it’s terminal. 
“Sure.” He looks like he is trying to find answers in my eyes. 
I look away. “Should we go to the doctor now?” I’m planning something. 
He smiles. Vanessa must not normally be so amenable. “I’ll get the keys from the kitchen. Enjoy the sun.”
I wait for him to close the front door… then make a break for the woods. It’s less than two miles to my house from here. My jogging route was double that. 
Once I’m camouflaged by the woods, I turn back to see Joe standing in the driveway with keys in hand. “Vanessa!” He bellows from the driveway. “Vanessa!” After a few seconds, he hustles to the garage. His Mercedes pulls out slowly and heads toward Ritchie Highway. 
I hate to put him through this, but I’ll come back when it’s time to fall asleep. 
When I run through the woods, my emotions race. Feelings flit from fear for the missing kids, anger about my death, sorrow for my children, passion for Joe. Under foot, leaves crunch, twigs snap, mud slips. But I don’t sense any of it. I’m lost in the blur of my current reality. On the other side of the ravine, I’m stopped short by the sight of Lynette’s house. 
She and the kids are playing Frisbee golf in the front yard with Rico. They seem happy. Happy without me. 
I reel in my injured ego, pull leaves from my hair, and cross the street. 
Lynette and Kate seem to feel the energy change, look toward me. 
As I approach the yard, Rico jumps up and licks my face. I don’t know why he recognizes me in this body. 
“Hello,” I say and try to rally for another explanation. 
Lynette and Kate react. Their expressions are uniquely different: Lynette is curious, Kate suspicious. 
“I love you more than you could ever possibly know.” 
Lynette hugs me. “It’s about damn time. Where have you been?” 
I lean in to half-hug her and whisper, “You know Joe… the hot lawyer? Let’s just say we’ve come to know each other very, very well.” 
 She is gap-mouthed. “Now, this is a story I have to hear!” 
“You should be so lucky.” I smile at her. Rico jumps around us. 
She rubs her hands together. “Details… I want details.” 
“All in good time, my friend. All in good time. Let’s just say… Greek God.” 
Mac sizes me up, searches for his mother behind a stranger’s eyes. “At least this one’s female. You’re getting closer to a mother type.”
Kate opens Lynette’s front door for me and ushers me in. “So, we’re just supposed to suspend all doubt and believe that you’re our mom?” 
“God that would make this so much easier, Pumpkin.” 
Something in my retort, relaxes Kate’s shoulders. “That’s a plausible response.”  
“Using your big girl words today?” I put my arm around her. She doesn’t pull away. 
“It’s a spelling word for this week. All the words have a legal foundation like: conceivable, verifiable, incontestable.” 
She’s hinting at something. “So which am I?” 
“Conceivable…until further evidence accumulates.”
“And how did this change of heart take place?”
“Only you interject ‘Pumpkin’ and ‘Honey’ when you’re talking to us. Besides… Grandpa told me you’d be different.”
I smile, squeeze her a little more. 
She puts her arm around my waist. 
Inside, Lynette starts making grilled cheese sandwiches, cutting vegetables, and mixing juice— knowing my response to the question, “Are you hungry?” is always yes. 
Mac watches me intently as we sit at her kitchen table. 
Abruptly I say, “I think I’m the bad guy.” 
Kate and Lynette turn toward me, and I detail the scene with the men in the driveway. 
“We should Google you.” Mac goes to the padded bench in front of Lou’s computer. Within seconds, pages pop up on Vanessa Montgomery. “Holy crap! You’re Richard Gilchrist’s daughter. You know… the billionaire.” 
I scoot in beside him. There are newspaper clippings from her wedding to Joe.
“He’s a good-looking guy.” Kate sits down on the other side of Mac. “Dad would have killed for a head of hair like that.” 
 “It’s chestnut,” I say. “…and wavy.” Lynette and Kate look at me, eyebrows raised. I try to mask my love-glow and ask Mac, “What does it say about him?” 
“Aren’t we supposed to be looking into you?” 
“Right after we look into him.” 
Mac Googles Joe. “Says here that he’s a prominent lawyer, handles the Gilchrist estate, and his mother is Chief Judge for the Baltimore City Courts. He’s been married for three years. No kids.” Mac clicks on a link for Richard Gilchrist. My body waves with static; he makes me physically ill. Every cell in my body reacts with revulsion. I turn away, don’t notice the other woman in the photograph.
“Brunch is served.” Lynette brings the food to the table. The kids and I grab plates, glasses, and silverware. 
Sitting, I ask about the meds Vanessa takes. “What are clothes-a-pin and excited/recital/program used for?” I take a bite of the sandwich and pull the toast away slowly, trying to make long cheese strings. Mac always wins this unspoken contest.
“I beg your pardon?” Lynette says. 
Mac makes squeaking noises and points to his longer lines of cheese.  
I snarl playfully at him. “Joe’s wife has to take them every day.” 
Lynette is thinking. “Do you mean Escitalopram and Clozapine?”
“I knew you’d know what I was talking about.” I crunch a piece of celery as loud as I can next to Kate’s ear. She responds in kind. 
Lynette shoots me a can-we-be-serious-for-a-minute look. “They’re anti-psychotics.” 
All three of us look at Lynette, slack-jawed. 
“She’s crazy?” Mac says.
Lynette says, “That’s not the term I would use, but yes, the medications indicate mental health issues. ” 
“Like what?” I drink water like I’m filling up for another round with Joe. 
“There’s no way of knowing. It could be the way she’s wired or she could have experienced things like severe attachment traumas, physical, mental, or sexual abuse, abandonment…” 
The phone rings. 
“I bet it’s Archer. If he gives you any resistance, tell him you have some new evidence he has to see.” I wipe my mouth with a napkin left over from my father’s gathering. His death feels like both a million years ago, and yesterday simultaneously. I’d give anything to be able to go back in time. I can’t believe I ever thought that life was too hard to live. Death is far more complicated. 
After a brief exchange, Lynette hangs up the phone and says, “He’ll be here in an hour.” 
 “How are we going to get him to investigate Vanessa, and the men on bikes?” Rico nuzzles my leg. 
“What about the run-in you had with her dog, before you were killed?” Kate asks, mirroring my body language.  
“You mean the ‘Hell Dog’?” 
“Yeah. You said her dog nearly attacked you while she stood in the driveway talking to the guys from the Church.” 
“Okay…” I wonder where she’s going with this. 
 “Well, I am my mother’s daughter. What if— after you were killed— I followed these guys, thinking the men seemed suspicious? Think about it,” Kate says. “If I watched from the woods, I could have seen the whole exchange this morning…and ‘found’ this envelope.” She pulls out the photos that were shown to me in Vanessa’s driveway. “Archer can use these as evidence, and take them to the Chief to protect these kids. Maybe it’ll convince him that the others aren’t runaways.” 
Apparently, I pause too long for Lynette’s liking. She puts her hands on her hips. “You want me to lie to a police officer and let your daughter perjure herself?” 
“To save kids, I’d do anything. Besides…” I joke, “I’m dying to know who killed me.”
My joke falls flat. Lynette crosses her arms. 
Mac breaks the tension. “Archer will be here soon. We’d better go.” 
Lingering behind, Lynette says, “I just need to think about the psychological ramifications of…” 
I look at her like I could taser her. 
“Fine. I’m in. But if anything happens, you’re to blame.” She takes the dishrag from me and snaps out the wrinkles. 
“Duly noted,” I say. “Let’s go.”
The kids follow me out the back door, and over to our house. As we sit at the computer to watch, I’m reminded that Lynette is the worst liar I have ever known. Before Archer even rings the bell, she fidgets like a crack addict.   
“Settle down.” I speak low into the phone. “You look like you’re Jones-ing.” 
Lynette stops pacing, takes a deep breath, then another. 
The doorbell rings. 
She opens the door, forces a smile. “Please… come right in.” 
Archer offers her a bag of pastries. “The guy at Highs said Emma used to buy these for you.” He removes his jacket. “I was looking for DeWayne there, but couldn’t find him.” 
“He… uh, checked into a rehab/shelter last night.” She hangs up Archer’s jacket. “Lou’s Place on 6th.”
“I know about Lou’s. The guy that runs that place is a saint.” 
Lynette smiles. “Not when he leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.” Lynette picks up a sweatshirt and tosses it toward the basement door.
“He’s your…”
“My one and only.”  Lynette opens the bag, peeks inside. “The last time I had this Danish was the day that Emma was killed.” She seems lost in thought, then gives Archer a quick hug. “Thank you. As Emma would say… ‘Your Momma raised you well’.” 
He laughs. “I was lucky to be adopted by great people.” 
“Oh…” Lynette looks flustered. “I hope I didn’t …” 
“No worries. They’re the best. Really.” 
Lynette heads to the kitchen for plates. “I wish I could say the same, but my folks are the reason I became a therapist. Nothing traumatic, just the usual dysfunction. But I can tell you that birth parents aren’t automatically qualified to raise kids, just because they can procreate.” 
Archer smiles. “Don’t I know it.” He sits in his appointed chair. 
Lynette puts the pastries on a side table and moves past the small talk. “Have you thought about how to move forward?”
“Honestly…I wish I had something concrete to go on. The idea that Emma’s murder is related to the kidnapping cases seems like a stretch.”
Lynette clenches her jaw; glances at the camera. “What if I have some new evidence?”
“Why would you have evidence?”
“In my goddaughter’s— Kate’s— zealousness to make sense of her mother’s murder, she followed two men that Emma saw, twice, on the morning she was killed. Just this morning Kate found this.” 
Lynette hands Archer the envelope. He removes the photos. “They’re just like the missing girls.”
“Exactly.” Lynette gets up, pours two cups of coffee, and brings them back to the table. 
“Where did she find this?”  Archer inspects the envelope. 
“In the woods, next to the first house on East Howard Road. The men left it there after an exchange they had with a woman.” Lynette takes a sip of her coffee. 
“That’s Vanessa Montgomery’s house.” 
Lynette looks surprised. “How do you…?” 
“Uh… I’ve looked into the Gilchrists for other reasons.” He picks up his mug, covers his expression. 
Odd response.
 “Kate overheard the men saying that they’re looking for a ‘sixth and final girl’ within the next five days,” Lynette says.
Archer looks to Lynette. “Emma thought this could be a ring.” He looks through the pictures. “Why do you think they’re taking these girls? What happens in five days?” 
“I don’t know. But whatever it is, it can’t be good.” Lynette cuts her pastry into pieces, takes a section.
Archer goes quiet. “Maybe we should talk to the families of the missing girls.”
Lynette puts down her coffee. “What if we set off alarms for the person who killed Emma.”
“I think it’s a chance we have to take.”
Lynette smiles. “I think so too. Should we work on some questions together, and you can do the talking?” 
Archer nods. 

During the calls, Lynette listens in, takes notes, and writes down additional questions Archer should ask. As suspected, none of them thought their children ran away, none were involved in sexual relationships or with drugs, no suspicious activity, and— when questioned separately— none suspected abuse was going on in the family. 
Archer sets times in the afternoon to meet with each family. His goal is to get sworn statements on all the pertinent information including… each of them who called in their child as “missing.”
Something occurs to me. I whisper in the phone: “When Archer meets with the families, have him ask who they filed the missing persons’ report with. Whoever said they were runaways and not victims is the one involved.” 
Lynette relays the message, then offers to type up her notes for him. 
Archer smiles. “I’m sure you’re faster than me, considering I use one finger at a time.”
Once the documentation is complete, Archer stands and picks up the manila envelope. “Would it be alright for me to take this? I need all the evidence I can get.” 
“I’ll just make a copy.” Lynette walks to a scanner next to the kitchen table. 
The front door opens; Lou’s home. I can see that he’s taken off guard. 
“I always knew I’d find you with a younger man,” he teases. 
Archer laughs. “Your wife is helping me with a case. She’s been great.” He shakes Lou’s hand. “Nice to see you.”
“She’s always great.” Lou walks to Lynette, hugs her from behind, and moves her hair for a quick kiss on the neck. “Marry up, Kid. You’ll never regret it.” 
“I’ll keep that in mind, Sir.” Archer puts his hands in his pockets. 
Lynette hands Archer the original envelope. “It’s been good working with you. We’ll talk soon?” 
“Absolutely. You’ve been very helpful. Emma was lucky to have you as a friend.” Archer goes to shake Lynette’s hand. 
She gives him a hug instead. “You’re family now.” 
“Our family is now up to four hundred and three,” Lou jokes. 
Something occurs to me. I whisper: “Have Archer test the envelope for prints.” 
Lynette conveys the information, and shows him out. 
Lou looks around. “Where are the kids?” 
“They,” Lynette stammers, “wanted to be at their Mom’s house.” 
“Should I go get them?” Lou slides his hands around her waist.
Lynette looks over at the computer screen, with a what-should-I-do face. “No… I uh… think we need a little time ‘alone’.” She kisses him. 
“They’re going to have to get comfortable being over here.” He kisses her neck. 
“I know, let’s just give it another week or so.” She kisses him with passion, looks like she’s decided to distract him the old-fashioned way. 
I turn the computer off and realize that I’ll be gone in a week, forever. I look around for the kids, can hear them bumping around upstairs. At the top of the landing I see they’re in an epic battle of Sock’em Boppers. 
“Clearly, we all need to burn off some steam. Let’s go to the arcade.”
“Really?” Mac stops. 
Kate lands a padded right punch to Mac’s cheek, sending him flying onto the bed. 
He pops up. “Good one!” 
I remember my secret stash. “Let’s check the coffee can.” 
They seem to realize that only I would know where we keep the petty cash. We race each other down the stairs.
There’s two hundred dollars in the jar. “Let’s take forty.” 
“Really, Mom?” Mac says. 
I notice he says Mom. “Why not? We’re celebrating!” 
Mac runs outside. 
Kate looks at me. She knows I mean that we’re celebrating the little bit of life I have left. I put my arm around her. “You never know what can happen. Who could have predicted this?” I gesture to my body. 
She smiles. “Should we call Lynette; tell her where we’re going?” 
I get hit with a pang of resentment. “Let’s give it about a half hour. I think she and Lou are ‘celebrating’ in their own way.” 
Kate looks at me. “That’s what you call an ‘over-share’.”
“You’re going to have to get used to living in a house where a couple expresses love for each other.” I put the lid back on the coffee can and place it back in the cabinet. 
“You mean as opposed to your sexually repressed singleness?” She crosses her arms.
“I wasn’t repressed. Just never found anyone that interested me the way your dad did.” I realize I have a teaching moment. “Besides, sex is sacred. And if you don’t treat it that way, the thrill will be gone before you’re even married.”
“Mom, I’m the oldest virgin I know. And I’ve heard this speech before. It’s always ends with: Value yourself, in order to be valued by others. Give yourself away and your spirit will be bankrupt.” 
I give her a hug. “I didn’t know you actually listened.” 
“To every word. Even when I pretended not to.” 

Outside, we realize that we have a transportation issue. Even though Kate has her license, my car was government owned and taken back by CPS. 
“There’s always Grandpa’s bike,” Mac says. “I can sit in the basket, Kate on the bar, and you can peddle. 
“That’ll be a sight,” I say. 
We sneak Dad’s bike out of his garage and pile on. Peddling, I quickly realize that, while Vanessa looks great, she’s not that strong. Kate and I have to change positions halfway through the ride. Once at the arcade, we call Lynette to tell her where we are, and then exhaust our money on the games and our bodies on Dance, Dance Revolution. 
Afterwards, we ride home in the dark. Dropping the kids off at our house, I tell them I’ll see them both in the morning. They know I have to take Vanessa home. I’ll leave Dad’s bike in the woods for them to pick up tomorrow. They hug me, then walk side-by-side to Lynette’s house. The image of them walking away is a painful one. I distract myself by riding into a star-filled night.
At Joe’s door, I’m filled with a mix of emotions: glad to see him again, envious that Vanessa will wake up next to him, scared that I’ll be one day closer to real death. 
I knock.
As he opens the door, I forget everything and get lost in his eyes. 
“Where have you been? I nearly called the police.” He hugs me. 
“I… had business to take care of.” My stomach growls, as I walk through the door. 
“You sound hungry.” He rubs the small of my back. 
“Starving.” 
“Let’s get you fed… then you can tell me why you left, where you went.” 
He takes my hand and leads me to the kitchen. The interior is finished like a Tuscan Villa: hand painted ceramic, teak cabinetry, and arched doorways. I take a seat at the over-sized island. 
Joe rustles though the fridge. “We’ve got smoked salmon, brie, olives…”
I hold my stomach. “Do you have anything less grown-up?” 
He laughs. “How about pizza?”
“And beer?” I’d kill for a cold one. 
He smiles. “Beer? Vanessa Montgomery has champagne taste.” He turns on the oven, then reaches overhead for beer glasses. 
“Skip the glass; I like it straight from the bottle.”
He reaches into the fridge and pulls out two bottles of Beck’s. “I forgot my wife had a truck driver side.”
“I promise to return to snobbery tomorrow.” I clink the neck of his bottle to mine. “Salute.” We take a sip. 
He looks at me, leans across the counter, and kisses me soft. My heart aches to be with him forever. 
I kiss back. Soft kisses turn more passionate. My body aches for him. He backs me up to the counter, loosens my hair. He runs his hands up the sides of my neck; fingers weave into my silky mane. I feel him aroused as he presses against me. He kisses my neck, kneads my breast. I want to rip off his pants, pull him inside. Skip the foreplay. 
I yank off my sweater, unbutton my blouse. He zips down my pants, grabs them at the top, and peels them down with force. I step out; expect him to pull down my lace thong. He leaves it on and lifts me on to the countertop. Spreading my legs, he lowers himself, and teases me through fabric with his mouth. He adds his hands; fingers play me too well. 
“I need you.” I unbutton his shirt, move down from the counter. I run my hands over his chest, down his stomach, to his groin. I feel him through his pants.
He looks down. “Why the hell are these still on?” 
I laugh and struggle with the button. 
“Let me. I feel like I’m going to explode.” He takes off his pants and boxers, then knocks spices off the island. He lifts me up on to the edge of it, then kisses me as he peels off my thong. 
I close my eyes, and feel him just outside of me. 
Every part of me pulsates. He pulls my body down onto him, slides inside of me. I wrap my legs around his hips, my arms around his neck. He grabs my ass. We move our hips in circles, slow. I kiss my way up his neck, whisper in his ear, “I’m crazy about you.” We look into each other, circle deeper. His breath grows deep into moans. He slows us down, carries me to the love seat in the next room, and sits down with me on top of him. I straddle wider; take him deeper into me. He grabs my waist. I arch my back. We move faster, faster. He pulls off my shirt, takes down the straps of my bra, and takes my breast into his mouth. Faster. 
Something deep in my belly opens up. “I’m going to…” 
“Me too.” He moans. 
Everything in me tightens and then rushes back like tide. I shiver. 
The timer goes off on the oven. 
Joe smiles. “That was great timing.” 
I laugh. “Just a minute longer and the cheese would have scorched.” 
“I didn’t mean the pizza. I meant our timing.”
I smile, bite my lip. 
He kisses me, and gets up. “I’ve missed this. The sex… being with you. Just the two of us hanging out.” He picks up his boxers, slips them on; then his pants. 
It’s an odd conundrum, being jealous that Joe likes to be with his wife. “Me too.” I pull up my bra straps, put on my shirt, and button it as I make my way back to my underwear and pants. 
Joe pulls the pizza out of the oven with an oversized spatula, puts it on a wooden cutting board. “I’ll just let it cool.” He brings me my beer and takes a swig of his own.
“You know what I’d like to do for the rest of the night?” I zip up my pants.
“Whatever it is, count me in.” He brushes my cheek. 
“After we eat, I want to snuggle in bed and hear about your life; starting with your very first memories. I want to know about every lost tooth, skinned knee, and broken heart.” 
“That sounds like a terrible waste of time… knowing all the other things we could be doing in bed.” He smiles.
As we lie down for the night, Joe puts an arm around me. The moon shines blue light through the window above the bed. I listen to several stories: how he learned to ride a bike in Maritime Park, how he practiced kissing on his arm, how he played tennis and football from grade school to college, and how he went to Fort Benning for Infantry Training.  The last thing I hear is: “I’ve only been with four women.” 
	To which I mumble, “Five if you count me.” 
 
			
















Chapter Eight- Big Issues 

I wake to the sound of geese. Or so I think. Actually, I am passing gas. This is no small amount of wind. I could fill a hot air balloon. As I try to open my eyes, I find them crusted shut. Attempting to rub them, I can’t bend my arms; it feels like I’m wearing wrist to shoulder floatation devices. I wonder if my eyes are glued shut. Finally, a peek of light. A TV is mounted high on the wall. I try to prop myself up, but cannot. Looking down, I find that I’m rotund. I don’t mean heavy— as in the Michelin Man— I mean morbidly obese. My mass takes up the entire queen-sized bed.
“Hello?” I call, my voice constricted. 
No one responds. I’m in a studio apartment. From my bed I see a sitting area to my right with a plaid loveseat and two blue-velvet recliners, plus a dinette table with a couple of chairs. I wonder why this woman owns them; it’s not like she can get up. The front door is kitty-corner from me. A bathroom is at the foot of my bed. To the right of that, a galley kitchen leads back to the front door. My bed is pushed up to wall of windows on my left. Moving a lace curtain, I look down and see a parking lot. It looks familiar, but I can’t place it. The perspective is off. 
Something moves under my bed. I stiffen. If it’s rodents, I’ll find some way to throw myself through this bank of windows. I start to hyperventilate. Mice turn me into a screeching, counter-standing lunatic. I hear scratching, small thuds, hold my breath. A tennis ball rolls from under the bed. In a flash three cats bolt out: one orange and two grey tabbies. I release my breath, feel like an idiot. Of course she would have cats. What else would break up the monotony of this life, and need very little care?
A beeping sound comes from the parking lot. I move the lace curtain and see a Hostess truck back in. The driver gets out, opens the back gate, and puts down a ramp. I want him to unload the contents directly into my mouth. A man comes out of the store to greet him. It’s Vang. 
“Oh!” 
I’m the curtain lady from above his store. I look around for a phone. One with large numbers— each digit, one inch squared— sits on a card table next to the bed. Usually these phones are for the elderly, with vision problems. I realize my fingers wouldn’t fit into a regular touch-tone. I dial Lynette, who was apparently waiting by the phone; it only rings once. 
“It’s Emma.” I’m startled once more by the sound of my voice. It sounds like someone has hands around my throat. 
“Kids, it’s your Mom.” I imagine her waving them over. “Where… who are you?” 
“You’ve got to see me to believe me.” I try to shift in the bed. “I’m above High’s.” 
“The one you go…I mean went to in the morning?” Lynette says, and I hear keys rattle in the background.
“That’s the one.” I wheeze. 
“We’ll be right over. We’ve been ready for hours.” 
After she hangs up, I look at the clock. It’s just after 11:00 AM. Rolling back and forth to get higher in the bed, I feel exhausted. The fat on my eyelids weighs heavy.
I hear a small knock at the door. Then someone puts a key in the lock, and lets herself in. It’s a young woman. 
“Are you all ready to get cleaned up?” She puts down bags of groceries on the kitchen counter, then snaps on plastic gloves. 
I’m mortified. “You’re going to wash me?” Even in my regular body I was modest. 
“From tip to toe, just like every other day.” She smiles and seems like the grown version of Dr. Suess’ Cindy Lou Who. 
“Maybe we could just skip it today?” I look longingly at the bags of food. 
She cocks her head. “Don’t be silly, you know we can’t skip it. You’ll get more bed sores.” 
“More?” I try to inspect my body but can’t bend at the waist.
She walks to the sink, fills a bucket with soap and water, and puts it on a card table. 
“They’re getting better.” She lifts up the bottom of my gown— which apparently only covers my front— hikes my knees to the stirrup position, and cleans the most private part first.
“Oh…I … wasn’t quite prepared for…” She mops my privies with a rag, sets it aside, dries me with a Shamwow!, and sprinkles me with baby powder. 
“Now, we are going to flip you.” She rocks me by my shoulder and hip, and then gives one big heave-ho. On my side, the sheet sticks to the skin on my back like a band-aid. Peeling it off, she braces me with her forearm and washes everything I can’t see with a new rag. After, drying, she lowers me to the face-up position, and sets used towels aside.  
“Here’s a fresh cloth for your face and hands.” She wrings out a white washcloth, puts it in my right hand.
I force my arms to bend and wash my eyes first; I feel like I’m removing sea salt. Dipping the cloth again I round my face and ears, then move under my chin. My neck is the size of a playground ball. I suddenly understand how someone could eat themselves to death. This fat is strangling me. 
Moving to my feet, she cleans between toes— dusts them with more powder. I try to dip the cloth to wash my hands, but drop it into the bucket by mistake. 
“All done?” She puts a dollop of toothpaste on an electric brush. “Open wide,” she says, and scours every tooth. She’s working up a sweat. 
I feel like Mr. Ed. 
“Spit.” She holds up a cup. As she pours the waste into the sink and rinses the cup she says, “I still can’t believe that lady was killed right outside your building. It’s lucky I was on the stairs or I could have been a goner too.” 
She could be a witness. “Did you see anything?” 
“Just like I told you before, a black sedan sped away and the driver threw something out of the car… into the sewer over there.” She points toward a drain in the curb across from the parking lot. 
“Have you told the police?”
She cocks her head. “I left a message last week… from here. Don’t you remember?” 
“Did anyone follow up?”
She looks confused. “We talked to him together.”
I can’t think of a way to ask her who it was, what we said, what the officer did. 
Without warning she removes my arms from the front of the gown and hoists my breasts— each the size and shape of a cow’s head— onto my shoulders, and washes underneath. “Almost done,” she chirps, swallowed by a cloud of powder.
“Fine, fine,” I say, as if I’m fine…fine. 
Relocating and covering my breasts, she washes between every roll on my stomach. I note six major ones. She drapes my front with a fresh gown. 
“Did you see the driver?” I check the gown, make sure I’m covered.
“The windows were tinted, but I bet it was a man.” She puts a fresh sheet on me and tucks it under the foot of my bed. 
“Why do you think that?” 
“Because there was an NRA sticker on the back window.”
My mind searches for anyone who belongs to the National Rifle Association. Half the police force comes to mind.  
“Oops… we forgot your armpits.” She slips my arms out of the gown, but keeps my body covered. “Up-see-daisy,” she says. 
“Lift my arms?” All I can think about is food. 
“As high as the sky.” She gives an example by pretending to tickle the ceiling. 
I can practically hear her whistling while she cleans the dust bunnies under my arms. 
Lynette walks in. 
With arms raised, I look at her sideways. “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
“Yes…me too.” Lynette smiles. “The kids are downstairs getting a treat.”
“Hello.” The young woman puts my arms back in the gown, tidies the sheet, and snaps off her gloves. “I’m Jennie, Sharon’s day nurse.”
Lynette shakes her hand. “I’m…Sharon’s sister.”
“I didn’t realize she had family.” Jennie goes to the sink to pour out the bucket and wash her hands.
I hear the kids running up the stairs. 
Mac comes in first. “Whoa!” is the only word he can muster. 
Jennie gives him a mini-scowl, purses her lips. 
Kate covers her mouth, stifles a smile. 
“And these are my children…Sharon’s niece and nephew.” Lynette says my name slow so the kids will catch it. Resentment stabs me when she claims my children as her own.  Even though she was saying it for show, soon it’ll be true. 
“Hello, Aunt Sharon.” Mac smiles at me. 
“I’ll just let myself out.” Jennie picks up the bags of groceries and puts them on the table next to my bed, as she has seemingly done thousands of times before. 
“Thank you, Jennie.” Lynette pokes through the bags of processed goods. “From now on, would you mind bringing just healthy food— no matter how much my sister protests? Sharon is going to start taking better care of herself.” 
I can tell Lynette is irritated. In her work, the only clients she loses patience with are the “enablers.” She calls them the passive abusers; people who, “Act like they’re taking care of you. Meanwhile they’re helping you kill yourself.”  
Lynette clenches her jaw. “Even if she says she doesn’t have a sister.” 
“Yes Ma’am.” Jennie closes the door on her way out. 
I reach for a box of Hostess Ho-Ho’s. Lynette slaps my hand. 
 “This is an interesting look for you.” Kate pulls a dinette chair up to the bed. Mac sits on the narrow space of mattress that I don’t consume. 
I rub his back, am grateful to have them all here. “I’ve never thought about being in a body this big. I feel like a waterbed.” 
Lynette squeezes my arm, forces a smile.
 I touch my stomach. “Makes me yearn for the days when I was just bloated.”
Mac laughs. “And could see your own feet.” 
 I give him a playful nudge. “Okay… fill me in on what’s happening with the kids.”
Lynette pulls up a chair and sits down. “Archer received signed statements from the six families. He also asked who they initially reported the disappearances to; about half said a woman and half a man.”
I try to move up in bed, but am landlocked. Mac scoots behind me and pushes my torso up with his feet. Lynette and Kate stuff pillows behind my back. “Did he find out which officer was assigned to these girls?”
Lynette makes eye contact with me. “Mike Dupree.”
I try to control my anger; should have known he’d be in on this. Without thinking I mutter, “That fucker!”
“Whoa… look at Mom dropping the f-bomb,” Kate says.
“I think this warrants the f-bomb. I said it too when I found out.” Lynette gets up, opens the fridge, and is notably disgusted by its contents. “Who assigns officers to cases?”
My mind starts spinning. The chief headed out and left that to Kim. “Oh shit.”
They look at me with: “What now?” expressions. 
“Kim was in charge of the assignments.” I start sweating, and fan the sheet.
“The woman Mike’s dating?” It takes Lynette a second. “Oh no.”
Kate looks at Mac and then me. “What are we missing?”
“Kim and Mike aren’t just ‘together’ they’re working together… to cover up the kidnappings.”
“Why would they do that?” Kate sneezes, rubs her eyes.
“It doesn’t make any sense.” Lynette sets a glass of ice water on a coaster next to me. “Mike’s been a police officer for a long time, right? Why would he turn?”
I need to think. “Vanessa’s collecting kids and Mike and Kim are covering it up. What’s their connection to her?” I dab my forehead with the sheet, realize I’m sweating in places I’ve never had before. 
“And what’s happening in four days?” Mac says.
“They still need another girl.” Kate looks concerned. “A lot of my friends have little sisters.”
 Mac jumps off the bed. “ You should use me as bait.” He shrugs, as if it’s nothing. “I get mistaken for a girl all the time.”
His words float in the air like a toxin. My brain pulls away from its skull. Everything that remains of my spirit shrinks into a terrified walnut in my belly. “Not this,” I silently say to Mother. “I will not sacrifice my own son.” Worlds away, I’m pulled back, at warp speed, by Lynette’s voice.
“Oh… ha, ha, ha. Very funny! Who’s the little jokester?” Lynette says.
Mac stands his ground. “I can’t just abandon Anna. Think about it… there’s no faster way of finding those kids than if I’m taken there.”
I watch the sun dance in layers of blond, my innocent little lamb. “You don’t understand what you’re suggesting, Mac. We don’t even know what’s happening to them. Do I need to remind you that they’re capable of murder?” 
Kate sneezes and gets up to grab a tissue. 
“I can’t believe we’re even having this conversation,” Lynette says. “This is not an option. Period, end of story.”
Mac gets distracted by the cats, goes to play with them.
“You know… he’s naïve enough to do something like that.” Kate blows her nose. 
I feel physically ill, change the subject. “What did Archer say about investigating Vanessa?” 
“They don’t have enough evidence to do a formal investigation, but Archer said that he would keep her on his radar.” Lynette picks up my glass, encourages me to drink. “Whatever that means.”
“We need to access to her private life, now.” Something hits me. I look to Lynnette. “Get Joe.” 
She nods and grabs her keys. “Kids… do you want to ride along?” 
“They’ll stay with me,” I say, the possessiveness evident in my voice. 
Lynette, caught off guard, pulls her purse tight on her shoulder. “I didn’t mean to... I’m sorry.” Her words trail off, float with her out the door.
Kate sneezes again. “I think I’m allergic to cats.”
“How could we not know this?”  I wonder what else they’ll discover about themselves after I’m gone: a latent talent, a fondness for travel, a fear of dolphins.
“I guess I’ve never hung out with anybody who had cats,” she adds. 
While Lynette is gone, I ask the kids to sit by me. It’s time for a talk. I tell them: How much I love them, how sorry I am that all of this is happening, what I hope for their futures, how they will need to choose the people in their lives carefully— because they will become them, that they should live by a code of conduct that lives in their core, that I pray that they will stay as closely connected in adulthood as they are now, and finally, that we will always be together even if the veil between heaven and earth masks the truth of that. 
But nothing I can say will make any of this easier.
There’s thumping on the stairs. 
Lynette and Joe knock, then enter. 
Joe looks at me, then back to Lynette. “Joe Montgomery. You are?” He crosses the room to shake my hand. 
God, he looks dashing in a suit. “I’m Emma. Emma James.” 
Joe laughs, looks to Lynette, then back to me. “I seem to remember you differently.” 
I smell his cologne— Jean Paul Gaultier— it arouses yesterday’s dalliances.  “Yes. Well…things change.”
“I’m sorry… why am I here, exactly?” He fiddles with a cufflink.
“Emma will clarify everything for you.” Lynette puts her hand on his shoulder. “But I don’t think you’re going to like it.” 
I address the kids. “Would you guys mind leaving us alone? I need to speak to Joe in private for a minute.” I try to gather my thoughts. 
Mac walks up to Joe, squints, and says, “You don’t look like a Greek God to me.” 
“Mac!” Kate sneezes, and yanks him toward the door.
What? Mac trips on the threshold.
Lynette follows them out and pulls the door closed.
Normally I would be mortified by Mac’s comments, but there’s so much more to be concerned with. I wriggle in bed. “Joe, I have some disconcerting information about your wife.”
 “My wife?” 
“She’s involved in something… criminal.” 
He sits down. “How could you know anything about Vanessa?”
“Do you remember when I… I mean, Vanessa was called out to the driveway yesterday?”
He nods. 
“The men from the church had a folder with them. It had the pictures, names, and addresses of three children inside. The men were looking for approval from your wife to abduct one of them.”
He stands up, turns away. “Vanessa has some problems but…”
“I wouldn’t normally be so direct, but five girls with similar make-ups are already missing. We believe that they want six girls for a ceremony that’s taking place on the 23rd.  Does that date mean anything to you?”
He looks dumbfounded. “That’s Richard’s sixtieth birthday.” 
They’re a gift for him. I look at Joe. “Do you know that Mr. Gilchrist likes young girls?”
“No. I mean… I don’t really know him.” He seems to search his mind. 
My stomach growls. “What’s his relationship like with Vanessa? Are they close?”
He puts his hands on his head like he’s trying to push in this information. “I don’t really know how to answer that. I’ve never seen them together. But, she was removed from his last will.”
The girls are her ticket back in. 
“I understand how overwhelming this must be, but the only thing that matters is the safety of the children. Imagine what they— and their families— are going through.”
“Yes… of course.” He seems shell-shocked.  
 “Do you have any idea where she could be keeping these kids?”
“They have too many properties to count.” Joe is far away, seemingly lost in how he could have missed this. 
“The place we’re looking for is probably within twenty-five miles of the city. Even if the kids were drugged, I don’t think they’d go much further. Otherwise, they’d just take kids from a different town.” 
The kids and Lynette burst in. “A cop is here!” 
“What? Who?” I wave them over to help me sit up again; my weight has me submerged in pillows.
“It’s the Chief,” Mac says. He crawls behind me again, and braces his feet on my back. Lynette and Kate grab my arms; pull me forward. Mac runs to get firmer cushions off the loveseat. They prop me up as best they can. Joe is struck silent. 
“Did he see you come up here?” I straighten my bedding. 
“No. He’s downstairs talking to the store-owner.” Lynette says. 
Suddenly there’s thumping on the stairs. 
“You all need to disappear, fast and quiet.” I click off the fan so they’ll be able to overhear my conversation. 
They look around. 
“Get in the bathtub and don’t move a muscle,” I say to the four of them. There’s a beat when none of them move. “Now!!!”
The kids grab Joe and rush to the bathroom. They all squat in the tub and mask themselves with a tabby-cat shower curtain. 
There’s a knock at the door. 
“Ms. Nelson, this is the Baltimore Police. I’d like to ask you a few questions.” Chief Lewis’ voice booms through the door. 
 “Come in,” I say as loud as this voice can. “And shut the door behind you.” I don’t want Sharon’s cats to escape.
He makes his way into the room, looks around.
 “What do you want?” I say, deciding to act cantankerous— assume that’s what Sharon’s personality would be. That’s what I would be if I had to live this life. 
“We’re investigating the murder of a fellow comrade.” He opens a notepad. “One Miss Emma James. You’re aware that she was killed right outside this location?” 
“So I’ve been told.” I blot my forehead and neck. “Aren’t you a little late? That happened over a week ago.”
“I’m double-checking officer Dupree’s initial report. The victim was also a friend of mine.” Chief Lewis clicks on a pen. “Is it true that you didn’t witness her murder?” 
He just called my shooting a murder. The chief doesn’t use that term unless he has evidence that it wasn’t random. I wonder what he’s found. I give a nebulous response. “Does it look like I give a damn about what goes on outside these walls?” I grab the Ho-Ho I’ve been craving and shove the whole thing in my mouth. 
A thud comes from the bathroom. The Chief notices. 
I make up a lame excuse. “We get rats the size of groundhogs,” I say with my mouth full. “Drives my cats crazy.” I turn on the TV, blast CNN. 
He looks around, starts to scratch his neck. “But in a message your attendant left, she said that she witnessed the shooting at this address. I assume she was with you at the time.”
“She was outside, on the stairs.”
“So you didn’t actually see anything?” He writes something on a pad. 
“Nothing I can think of right now.” I peel the wrapper off a Twinkie.  My cells are completely addicted to sugar. If I could shoot the food into my veins, I would. 
“If you come up with anything, give me a call.” Chief Lewis hands me a card. The phone number and e-mail address are his personal numbers. He never gives them out. I feel honored that he cared enough about me to let my case invade his personal life. 
I can’t help myself. “Why would someone want her dead?”
“Even if I knew, I’m not able to share that information.” 
“C’mon, who am I going to tell?” 
He puts his hand on my shoulder. “If you’re worried for your safety, don’t be. I’m sure Ms. James was a target.” He turns to leave. 
“Why would she be a target?”
Without looking back he says, “That’s what I’m trying to figure out.” 
After he leaves, I stare at the TV, momentarily captivated by how the world will go on— change— after me. I feel like my existence doesn’t matter. 
Turning off the TV, I’m hijacked by the silence. Makes me feel completely alone.  The isolation of this life is all consuming. I wonder how Sharon got this way; how the people that surrounded her let her go. 
The shower curtain slides on the rod. Lynette, Joe, and the kids appear.
“Nice uptake with the rat comment,” Mac says.
“What happened in there?” I ask, and rip open a pack of cinnamon rolls with my teeth; making no apologies for starving. 
“Charlie horse,” Lynette says, massaging her calf. 
I address Joe, “That was the Police Chief at the station where I consult.” I pause. “Consulted.” 
The past tense of the word hangs in the air, a deadly silence. 
He laughs “Yes. I know who he is.”
He’s probably seen him in the paper. 
Lynette’s phone rings. 
“It’s Archer.” She answers and we watch the color drain from her face. “Another girl is missing.” 
Joe looks at me, noticeably conflicted. “I’ll send you the addresses within an hour.” 
“I’m sorry we have to get you involved with this.” I start flashing hot, wonder if it’s the sugar hitting my veins.
Joe grabs his jacket and heads out the door. 
“I’m going to meet Archer.” Lynette grabs her purse. “I’ll try not to be gone too long.”
I feel trapped. “And I’m going to stay here… and feel completely useless.” 
“Ah, Ah,” Lynette says. “If you’re forced into confinement, there must be something you can only discover by ‘being still,’ as the Buddhists say.”  
I love, and hate, that she’s probably right. “Oh, I forgot to tell Chief Lewis,” I say to Lynette. “Jennie saw something being tossed into the sewer across the street. Can you tell Archer to take a look around?”
Lynette nods, reaches for the door. “I’ll get some Claritin while I’m out.” 
Kate pushes a Kleenex into each nostril, and leaves them there. “That would be great.” 
“Look,” Mac says, and holds up a game of chess. 
I watch Lynette leave, then focus on the kids. “Oh Mac, I haven’t played in years. Besides, we should all do something together.” 
“You guys play. I’ll clean out the fridge. It’s obviously driving Lynette crazy. ” Kate says. 
I wink at her, pleased by her compassion. “Alright Mac, you’re going to have to remind me of the rules of chess.” 
He moves the grocery bags to the kitchen then pulls the table forward. Setting up the game he says, “I’ve got an idea.” He rummages through Sharon’s drawers. Not finding what he wants Mac moves around the apartment. He comes back with a Sharpie, tape, and tissue. 
“This ought to be interesting,” I say. 
Mac rips the Kleenex into small pieces, writes something on each one and tapes them to each chess piece. His players are black, mine white. I think he’s going to label each game piece with their chess name: king, queen, rook, bishop, knight, and pawn. Instead, the black ones read: Richard, Vanessa, Kim, Mike, Missionary Guy #1 and #2, Anna, kid-2, kid 3, kid 4, kid 5, and kid 6. The white ones are: Mom, Lynette, Joe, Archer, Chief Lewis, Kate, Mac, and Rico. 
His name is the only one taped to a white pawn. 
“I don’t like where you’re headed with this.” 
“Let’s just play.” He rubs his hands together. 
After he explains the rules, I move pieces forward until I’m forced to move Mac. Quickly he is taken, and I gather several of the black pawns. 
“See,” he says. 
I raise an eyebrow. “I thought this was just a game.” 
We play for over an hour, until I checkmate his king. Even though he lost, Mac looks triumphant. He still thinks the fastest way to find the missing kids is if we use him as a pawn. 
“They’ve already got six kids. Your ‘value’ just decreased significantly.”
 “Let me try.” Kate sits next to the bed. She’s wearing a green knitted cap. One I didn’t buy. I wonder how many new things she’ll get in her lifetime that I’ll never see. 
“Okay. But, I won’t lose intentionally, like I did with Mom.” He smiles at me. 
I watch them play until the tangerine sky turns to black. 
There’s a bark at the door. Kate goes to it, looks through the peephole, and opens the door. Rico bounds in. The cats scatter. 
“Hey!” I reach out my hand. 
Lynette follows him in. “I thought you’d like to see him. I picked up some food, after my meeting with Archer.”
“What did you find out?” I pet Rico.
“This last child was reported missing from Woodcrest. Just where you said it would happen. Same make-up.” Lynette unpacks a picnic basket of mixed fruit, gourmet cheeses, French bread, crackers, yogurt, nuts, and salami onto the card table. 
“You brought meat?” I ask. 
“I’m adjusting for your carnivores.” She hands Kate a box of Claritin. 
“What else did Archer say?” 
“The girls don’t seem to be linked in any way. They each attended different schools, were members of different churches, and didn’t play on any of the same sports teams. But, I think we know what’s happening in four days… it’s Richard Gilchrist’s birthday.”
“That’s what Joe said.” I feel sick. “The girls are a birthday present for him.” 
“That was Archer’s theory too.” Lynette opens a bag of sesame crackers.
“He’s like sixty? That’s disgusting.” Kate puts the Claritin on her tongue, swallows it without water. 
I rub my temples. “If he wants innocent girls, nothing will happen to them until his birthday. Vanessa won’t allow it.” 
 “Something has already happened to them. Can you imagine how terrified they are?” Lynette says. 
“I didn’t mean to downplay that.” I touch Mac’s hair. “I just meant no physical harm will be done. Also, whoever’s holding them doesn’t want to deal with six terrified children. Most likely, they’re heavily sedated.” 
“Is that what came to you as you were playing chess?” Lynette asks. 
“No. Nothing came to me.” I don’t tell her about the point Mac was trying to make. 
Lynette’s phone rings. “It’s Joe. He wants to talk to you.”
I put the phone on speaker. “What did you find?” 
Lynette listens intently. 
 “The Gilchrists own thirteen properties in Baltimore City and the surrounding metropolitan area: eight commercial and five residential.” 
“I don’t think they’d be held at a commercial property.” I look to Lynette, she agrees. “It’s too public. Too many eyes and ears around.”
“The residential ones do seem more likely,” Joe says. Reality weighs in his voice. 
He tells us about each of the houses: “One is Richard Gilchrist’s primary residence, one is a vacation/entertainment property, and three are investment properties.” 
	Lynette writes down the addresses. 
	Once she has everything, I thank Joe. “I appreciate you doing this. We’ll pass the information on to our contact at the police department.”
After we hang up I look at the clock. Its 9:45 pm. Lynette’s phone rings again. 
“Hi Honey.” She mouths, it’s Lou. “Yes, I know it’s a school night. I know… they shouldn’t miss any more days.” 
The kids rush to my bed.
“There’s no way we’re going to school tomorrow,” Mac says. 
We all look to Lynette. 
“I just don’t think they’re ready for…” She listens to what he has to say. “Yes, I know, sticking with a normal routine is best. We’ll be home soon.” She hangs up, looks at us.
“No we won’t!” Mac sits at the foot of my bed. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“No kidding! We don’t even know how much longer Mom will be here.” Kate’s eyes are watering. I don’t think it’s allergies. She plops down on a chair and crosses her arms.
Funny how kids can seem so grown up one minute, and young the next.
“Let’s not start snapping at each other. We’re all in a difficult situation. ” I take a deep breath, try to figure out what’s best. 
Lynette runs her hands through her hair. “I don’t have any intention of making you guys go to school, but Lou has to do what he thinks is best for you— without knowing everything that’s going on. It is getting late though Em, what should we do?” I can see that she’s at the end of her rope, a rare sight. Every negative thing I’ve thought or said drapes me in guilt. “I think we all need a good night’s sleep.”
“We don’t even normally go to bed for another hour!” Mac pleads with me. 
“Lou wants to be with you. I don’t think it’s too much for him to ask.” I go quiet.  “It’ll be a favor to me. I’ve been in this body too long. I’m ready to wake up as someone who’s more… mobile.” 
Kate smiles. “Now that logic, I understand.” She gets up and gives me a hug. “Say goodnight to Mom, Mac.”
“Fine, but I’d rather stay here, with you.” He lies down at my feet. 
I laugh. “Can you imagine what Sharon would think if she woke up with you in her bed?” 
Mac smiles. “She’d probably be happy to have company.” He goes to the kitchen.
Kate follows suit. 
Lynette fills my water glass, drapes a blanket over the foot of my bed, and turns out the lights; except the one next to my bed. She gives my forearm a squeeze. “I hate that this is happening. All of this.” 
“Me too.” I watch as the kids put healthy food in the fridge.
Lynette sits on the side of the bed. “I’ve been thinking about what your mother said about Nirvana.”
Only a therapist would continue to analyze a single word. “And?”
“In Buddhism, if you reject Nirvana, you can be described as a Bodhisattva.”
 “Okay?”
“Literally translated it means: enlightened and heroic-minded. In layman’s terms it’s a person who rejects Nirvana to help those who are still suffering.” She gives me a little shake. 
“So how does that relate to me?”
“I think you’re a Bodhisattva.” Lynette gets up and tucks me in. 
I laugh. “So my zealot, Christian mother decided to crown me a Bodhi-whatever?” 
“No… you did… when you wouldn’t leave the kids behind.”
I wonder if Lynette needs a label to understand what’s going on. 
“Choices form your fate, my dear. And apparently your fate is a noble one.” She arranges some things on the table.
“Yeah… I feel like a real hero.”
“You always have been to me.”
I watch as the kids and Lynette prepare to leave. 
Before they head out, Lynette hugs me. “I’ll give Archer a call on the way home, give him the addresses of properties.” 
“He should do drive-by’s tonight, while it’s dark. If he waits until morning it’ll be harder to see in. Besides, they’ll spot his squad car in daylight.”
“I’ll be sure to pass that on.” She gives me a kiss on the forehead. “Get some sleep. I look forward to seeing the ‘new you’.” 
The kids give me a final wave and say they’ll see me in the morning. Rico follows them out, and Lynette locks the door before leaving. 

Alone in the dim light of the room I already feel forgotten. Grounded in Sharon’s body, I wonder how she got here, how DeWayne and Vanessa ended up in their lives. They were all babies once, innocent children. If only they had ended up in someone else’s arms, with a different mother, different circumstances, different cells, who would they be? Who are they— really— without all this earthly influence? 
My mind is on overload. 
Feeling alone, I eat a box of Hostess Cupcakes that I hide under the covers. 
A Bodhisattva with an eating addiction? That’s rich.  
I start to consider what Lynette said. If I’m a Bodhisattva— on a mission— wouldn’t I have some control over my incarnations? But then again, I don’t know what would be best for the case or my kids. 
For tomorrow’s waking, I hope for a healthy body, mind, and spirit. I fall asleep as soon as the sugar starts to plummet. 













Chapter Nine - The Knight

Sunlight peeks through slats in wooden blinds, bathing me in rectangles of honey. Opening my eyes, I take in the feel of a luxurious bed: down comforter, feather pillows, sheets that must be Egyptian cotton. I snuggle in. 
	Wait a minute… I’ve been in this room before. 
I reach over for Joe, find he’s not there. Flipping off the sheet, I lift the waistband of my underwear, and look in. His penis lays flaccid on my leg. I inspect my hands. Yep, these are Joe’s too. As if things weren’t bizarre enough. Looking around, I find I’m alone. 
“Vanessa?” 
	No answer. 
I crack the door to the hall; the hell-dog is right outside. I wonder if he knows who I am. We make eye contact and he starts to growl. I slam the door, lock it, and look around for a phone. An iPhone is on Joe’s bedside table. 
I scroll through his contacts, land on Vanessa, and call her. She answers on the fourth ring. “Joe?”
“Yeah… uh… I was just wondering where you are.” His voice resonates in my chest. 
“I’m doing the ‘girls’ weekend,’ remember?”
“Oh… I must have been… distracted. When will you be back?”
Her phone starts to break up. I think I hear, “Sunday.”
That’s the day after Richard’s birthday. “Yeah, right. Okay…um…see you then.” I don’t know how they sign off.  Before I can say goodbye, I hear her phone click off. 
I make another call. 
“Lynette McCollum-Hayes.”
“It’s me…Emma.” Joe’s voice sounds deeper from this vantage point. 
There’s a beat of silence. “You’re Joe?” 
 “Yep.” I look down at myself in boxers. “Six feet two inches of hunky handsomeness.”
“Just keep your hands off yourself; you never know what Joe will remember.”
“I never thought about that.” I wonder what, if anything, DeWayne, Vanessa, and Sharon remember. Wonder where they “go” when I’m in the driver’s seat. 
“Where are you?” 
“At his house.” I wander over to Joe’s pocket tray. There’s a money clip, some change, and piece of paper with Lynette’s number.  He didn’t throw it away; must believe Vanessa’s involved. 
“We’ll be right over.” 
“The hell-dog is blocking the door. He knows I’m not Joe.” I look at the clock: 4:15. I’ve lost most of the day. 
“Can you get out through a window?”
“I don’t know if there’s a doggy door. Besides I think we should look around here first; see if Vanessa left anything ‘incriminating’.” Something occurs to me. “You know those sedatives I give Rico during storms?”
Lynette’s screen-door screeches. “Where do you keep them?” 
“In the kitchen cabinet. You’ll have to put them in something a dog will eat. And double the dosage; he’s bigger and ten times as aggressive. Oh… and bring Rico, we may need him.” 
“I’m on it. See you soon.” She hangs up the phone.
I rush to the bathroom, have to pee. Joe’s reflection stops me cold. No other incarnation has thrown me like this. I watch myself move, make faces at the mirror. I see how he looks when he’s happy, sad, angry, frustrated, confused. 
It’s weird to be this tall; to have limbs this long. 
The urge to urinate grows stronger. This will be weird. I make my way to the toilet, put my hand down my pants, and pull out his penis. I feel like I’m violating him. Just relax… you can do it. I aim, close my eyes, and breathe. A trickle at first, and then a flow. It feels completely different than urinating as a woman. The sensation reminds me of when I nursed the kids. Liquid courses through my penis. 
As I stand, penis in hand, the saying: “drain the main vein,” makes me laugh. 
I wonder how he “finishes.”  Do I shake it, dab it with tissue, rinse it in the sink? I opt for all three. 
After, I wash my hands and face, brush my teeth, put on deodorant, and cologne, then go in search of clothes. He doesn’t have any jeans either. What is it with rich people? I put on a pair of Ben Sherman trousers, pair them with a sweater from J. Crew, and slip on a pair of Cole Haan socks and shoes. Then, I stash his money clip in my pocket. 
The hell-dog is barking on the lawn. I look out the window and see him chasing Lynette’s car up the driveway. There’s a headlight out. Kate throws something out the window, but he stays trained on them: growling, barking, lunging at the car. He’s relentless. 
I call Lynette. “Maybe you should back out of the driveway and park out of sight. I’ll see if he eats whatever you tossed out of the car.” It’s buried in the grass. “What was it anyway?”
Lynette backs her car up. “Peanut butter, Laughing Cow cheese, and bologna.”
I laugh. “That’s… revolting.”
“Not to a dog.” Lynette’s car disappears behind a wall of evergreens. 
The hell-dog stays at the tip of the property line for a few minutes and then finds the prize in the grass. He sniffs at it at first, gobbles it down, and then trots toward the house. 
I hear a thud and assume he came in through a doggie door. 
Kate must have commandeered Lynette’s cell phone. “So… you’re the Greek God, huh?”
“Very funny. How are you, Darlin’?” I poke through some drawers. 
“Anxious to see you. Did the dog eat Lynette’s concoction?”
“In its entirety. It’ll probably take about fifteen minutes to kick in.” 
“What’ll we do until then?” There’s disappointment in her voice.
“Why don’t you fill me in on the last seventeen hours of your life?”
She laughs. “There’s not much to tell: we slept, ate, showered, and waited for you.” 
“What about the missing kids? Anything new?” 
“I’ll hand you over to Lynette for that. She’s keeping us in the dark.”
I hear a shuffling, then Lynette comes on. “There’s not a whole lot to say. Archer drove by all of the residential properties last night. The three investment ones appear to be unoccupied, Richard Gilchrist’s mansion was lit up like a landing strip, and there were a few lights on at the vacation property. He has no legal grounds for search warrants, though. Oh… and he found something in the sewer: a gun, police issued.”
My heart drops. “Is it Mike’s?”
“We don’t know yet. It was submitted as evidence and Chief Lewis issued a priority trace on it. I’m sure they’ll have more information soon.” 
“Does the Chief know that Archer’s working with you?” 
“We thought it best to keep that quiet for now. I don’t think Archer realized how ‘entrenched’ we’d get, but he knows that all of his best information is coming through me.”  
Something knocks against the door, slides down. “I think the meds have kicked in.” I look around and grab a pen. 
“Should we come in?”
“Let me test him first.” I crack the door, see him lying on the ground. With the pen, I poke him gently, and prepare to duck-and-cover. He doesn’t budge. Cautiously, I nudge him with my foot. Nothing. “I think we’re good-to-go. Send Rico in first, just to be safe.”
I close the door, look out the window, and watch as they come up the driveway. Lynette, the kids, and Rico get out of the car and approach the door. I hear a thud and then Rico’s nails tapping on marble. As I crack the door, I see Rico sniffing at unconsciousness. He sees me. 
“Good boy.” I start to ease out of Joe’s bedroom.
Rico cocks his head.   
“Who’s a good boy? You are. Yes you are.” I rub his ears, then head to the front door. Opening it, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.” For the first time, I’m group rushed. They all hug me like they’ll never let go. “What’s this all about?” 
Lynette looks at me, speaks volumes with her eyes. “It’s just, you know, so good to be here with you.” 
Mac looks at me. “Only three more wakings.”
Oh… Lynette had the, “appreciate-what-you-have-because-it-could-be-gone-soon talk.” “Listen.” I touch the kids’ hair. “There’s no limit on miracles. I could keep coming...”
Lynette stops me. “You shouldn’t give them false hope.” 
I want to lash out: Don’t tell me how to talk to my own kids, but I opt for levity. “You were the one who said I was a Bodi-whatever.” 
“That’s a possibility, not guarantee.”
Kate looks at us. “Stop protecting our feelings. We realize anything— good or bad— can happen. Imagination is fiction. Just stay in the present. Blah, blah, blah.” 
Lynette and I look at each other and start laughing; our advice is coming out of Kate’s mouth. 
“In that case, let’s focus on the present.” I look at the hell-dog. “We’ve got to put him somewhere.” 
Mac makes a move. “I’ll take a look around.”
Kate sizes me up. “How does it feel to be your love interest?” 
I raise my eyebrows. “It’s odd to want to date myself.” 
She laughs. “I can see how that might be a challenge.”
Mac returns. “There’s a mud room straight back. It already has food and water for him.” 
They all look to me. I forgot; I’m the strong one. “Oh… right. Of course.”  I have a modicum of reservation. What if he goes for my throat? I go to the hell-dog, scoop arms under him— as I did when the kids were little— and lift him effortlessly. I haven’t known this kind of strength in my life. I feel like I have super powers. 
I place the hell-dog on his bed, and regard him for the first time. He’s beautiful, perfect in every way. It seems strange that we’ve spent so much time fighting each other. 
Seeing that his food and water bowl are full, I back out slowly and pull the door closed.
“Where should we start looking?” Lynette looks to me. 
I’m not feeling any insight. “I’m not sure. Should we just walk around?”
They all nod. Rico barks.
We walk the main level, which consists of Joe and Vanessa’s bedroom/closet/bathroom, the open foyer, a sweeping staircase, a guest bathroom, a living room, the kitchen, and a pantry. 
I don’t sense anything. 
The walk-through pantry feeds into either the mud/laundry room, or a set of stairs that lead to the lower level. We head down. I’m not feeling anything as we walk past a home theater area, a pool table, a bar, through another bathroom, and into an unfinished storage area, a darkroom, and a home gym. 
We head to the upper floor. The minute I step on the landing, I know we’ll find something. Something so evil, I’ll wish we’d never looked. I purposely go in the opposite direction. The left side of the u-shaped balcony hall leads past a guestroom, a bathroom, and an office. We walk in. I can tell this is Joe’s. His briefcase sits on the floor. I can’t help myself, have to look inside. 
“What are you doing?” Lynette scowls at me. 
“I’m investigating.” I remove the contents of the briefcase and set them on his desk. 
“No… you’re snooping. We’re not supposed to be looking into Joe.” 
Kate moves in beside me; Mac looks out the front windows. I bet he’s wondering what it would be like to live in a house like this. 
I breeze through the files. They’re mainly about the properties we asked him to investigate— complete with floor plans— but one file isn’t labeled. 
Lynette moves next to me. 
“Now it’s okay to be curious?” I look down at her. 
“It may be best to be thorough.” She moves her glasses from the top of her head to read. 
I open it and see pages of notes about Vanessa’s medical history. 
“Let me see that.” Now Lynette’s intrigued. Scanning several pages she stops on one and reads aloud: “After a psychotic break in June of 2012, test results were negative for a microdeletion at chromosome 22q11and for the gene G72/G30 at chromosome 13q33.2.”
“What does that mean?” Kate asks.
“It means she’s not Schizophrenic.” She continues to read: “Other considerations: migration, trauma, stress, and shared psychosis.” 
“What does ‘shared psychosis’ mean?” Kate asks as she looks through another file. 
Lynette takes off her glasses and defines it for us. “It can be two people sharing a psychosis, like Bonnie and Clyde, a few people, like the Manson Family, or a large group like Jonestown, where 900 people committed suicide.”
“Look!” Kate pushes up her glasses. “Joe’s getting a divorce… and Vanessa’s the petitioner.” 
I cross my arms. “She’s asking for a divorce? Why?” 
Kate flips a few pages. “She citing, irreconcilable differences and sexual misconduct.” 
Ha! “That’s ripe. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black,” I say. 
“MOM!” Mac calls from a different room. 
I didn’t realize he was gone; he’s a master at sneaking off. We all rush from Joe’s office, with Rico in the lead. Mac calls me again. He’s on the opposite side of this level of rooms. We hustle around the balcony and into, what appears to be, an office for Vanessa. Everything looks normal except where he stands. A book case is cracked open and a small room hides behind it. 
I look at Mac, he doesn’t look traumatized, just proud of himself. 
“Did you go in?” I ask.
He shakes his head. 
“I want you guys to stay out here. Promise?” I pull the bookcase open wider. 
The kids nod. 
As Lynette and I approach the opening, I’m overcome by a sick, dizzying feeling. Everything I see warps like heat in the desert. Floor to ceiling shelves hold boxes, files, containers, binders. I take a deep breath and try to sense the core of the darkness. I’m called to a black metal box. A placard on the face of it simply reads: “V.” I pull the box out slowly by a handle on the front. It’s long and heavy, seems fireproof. I place it on the floor and see if I can open it. It’s locked.  
“I’ll look for a key.” Lynette starts to leave the room.
“Have the kids help you. Mac seems to have a knack for finding things.”
I search the rest of the closet. Nothing stands out; it’s mostly legal documents, mementos, and old photographs. Everything’s dusty, except the box. She’s been in it recently. 
	They return empty-handed. 
I leave the box on the floor and go to the chair at Vanessa’s desk overlooking the front yard. Something tells me the key is near. I can feel it. I start searching through the desk.
“We did that,” Mac says. “Twice.”
I move away from the desk and the feeling grows colder. “It’s here somewhere; I know it. Check under the drawers. Maybe it’s taped to the bottom.” I start looking under things on the desk. The kids pull out the drawers and check the bottoms. Nothing.  “Let’s move the desk away from the windows. Maybe it’s on the front.”
We each take a corner. I forget my strength and lift too high. A lamp flips off and crashes on the wood floor. Rico barks, turns in circles. He never did like loud noises.
Mac crouches down. “No way!” He reaches for something in the shards, and comes up with a key. “It’s lucky you’re clumsy.” 
Mac hands me the key. I hesitate; don’t want to see what I know will be awful. 
Lynette puts her hand on my arm. “I’ll come with you. We’ll look together.”
In the little room, we kneel on the floor. I insert the key and turn; it works. We both take a deep breath and open the lid. The contents punch me. Not only are there pictures of the six missing girls, but countless others, dating back twenty years. Their names, the date they were taken— and from where— are written on the back of the photographs. She’s also kept souvenirs: locks of hair, pieces of jewelry, childhood trinkets. 
“How could they have gotten away with this for so long?” Lynette looks sickened. 
The dates are in order. “Probably because they were careful until now. It looks like they only took one or two girls a year… from all over the country.  I’m sure no one thought the cases were related.” I can’t look any more, and we’ve only scanned half the box. 
“Why would she escalate to six girls, so close to home?”
“She’s desperate. If she’s trying to get back in to her father’s will, she’d do anything.” 
“So these girls are all about money?”
“For her. I’m sure you know better than me what they mean to Gilchrist.”
Mac and Kate peek in. 
“Everything okay?” Kate asks. 
I shut the box. “No. But it’s about to get better.”
“What are you going to do?” Lynette gets up. 
“I’m taking this to Archer. How much more proof would he and the Chief need to get a search warrant?” I lock the box, and stand to go. 
“What are you going to tell him?” Lynette follows me out of the room. 
I hadn’t thought about that. “What if you approached Joe after Kate ‘found’ the packet here. You could have told him that you thought Vanessa was involved in something… sordid, and suggested he look around. If Joe had any suspicions, I’m sure he would.”
“What if Archer thinks Joe’s in on this?” Kate says, following us to the stairs. 
“We’ll just have to prove otherwise.” 
Lynette stops me. “You’re messing with a man’s life.” 
“If Joe knew about this, he would do the exact same thing.” I remember his briefcase and head toward the office. I pack up the files and floor plans.
“What do you need those for?” Mac asks.
“If the police are going to get the girls out safely, they’ve got to know the layout of where they’re being held.”
We all head down the stairs, with Rico in the lead. Just then, the front door cracks open. We stop in our tracks. The door swings wide. 
Seconds feel like eons. 
A tall, grey haired woman in a blue skirt-suit appears.
She looks at us with curiosity. “Hello Joseph and… ” She waits for me to fill in the blank.
“Uh… this is Lynette McCollum-Hayes and her… children, Kate and Mac.” Now even I’m introducing them as her kids? 
She crosses to meet us. “Mrs. Montgomery. Nice to meet you.” 
Mac takes the lead. “Oh…cool you’re Joe’s mom, huh? The ‘Honorable Maxine Montgomery’.” He shakes her hand.
I wonder how he knows who she is, but then remember the newspaper article he read. Thank God for his memory. 
She raises her eyebrows. “Is that the way my son is introducing me now?”
“No ma’am. That’s how you should be addressed, being Chief Judge and all,” Mac says. 
She laughs. “Well I’m not Chief Judge in this house. Call me Maxine.” She looks to Joe. “Will they be joining us for dinner?”  
“Uh, no, actually, something’s come up— an emergency— and we, uh… have to go.”
She glances at the box. “Is it related to the reason you asked me here?”
I’m not sure how to respond. “No?”
Mac, always on his toes, says, “We just need a guest speaker for career night at my school. And since my dad is dead and all…” 
“Mac!” He knows I hate it when he throws down the sympathy card.
“Don’t scold him, Joseph. He’s been through enough.” She looks at Mac. “Poor dear.”  
Maxine’s right, he has been through enough. “And that’s exactly why I’m jumping in. Must go. I’ll just get my keys…” Where would they be?
“I’ll follow you. Since we’re not eating, I’ll just grab a piece of fruit.” 
Okay… he must keep his keys in the kitchen. I want to get Lynette and the kids out before they’re asked too many questions. “I’ll just meet you guys at the ‘school’?”
“That’s a good idea.” Lynette looks to the kids. “Ready?” 
The kids say their most formal goodbyes to Maxine and head out the front with Lynette and Rico. 
In the kitchen, I set down the box and briefcase and look around for car keys. 
Maxine picks up a plum, goes to the sink to rinse it. “So… where’s the red-hot whore from Baltimore?” 
I look at her like a kid who just heard Santa cuss. “Vanessa?”
“Who else would I be talking about?”
“I’m just surprised that…”
“What? That I still can’t stand her. I’m sure she’s behind all this business with Gilchrist. They might be able to control us now, but given time, truth will prevail. I’m sure of it.”
I can’t ask her what she means. “I hope so.” I dig through some baskets on the counter. “Now where did I put my keys?” 
“I swear she’s making you lose your mind.” Maxine points up to hooks by a door.
A Mercedes key ring dangles there. “Thanks.” I grab them. “I gotta go.” I hear whining coming from the mudroom. 
“Oh… is Damian in there?” She gets up to open the door. 
“No wait!” 
She must not have heard me, keeps going. As she opens the door, Damian looks at me and bares his teeth. 
Grabbing the box and briefcase, I lunge for the door. Damian charges me. He’s barking like a junkyard dog. I make it partway into the garage and feel him tugging on my pant leg. Throwing everything toward the car, I grab the door handle, pull it toward his snout, and yank my leg free. Damian is left with an eight-inch swath of trouser in his mouth and Maxine is last seen with a look of shock.
My heart races as I start the car. Driving out, I see Damian raging through the front dog door, like he could chew through metal. I’m careful not to hit him on my way down the driveway. 

As I pull onto Ritchie Highway, my phone rings. It’s Lynette. “What’s the game plan?”
She’s lucky I’m still here to answer that. “Why don’t you call Archer to see if he’s available? If he is, we should drop the kids off at Lou’s. They shouldn’t be involved in this.”
“I agree. I’ll call him right now.” She hangs up.
Fifteen minutes later, we pull into the parking lot of Lou’s Place, and get out of our cars. 
Mac rushes up to me. “We want to come too.”
“This won’t take long. We’re just going to drop off the box and have a chat with Archer.”
Kate comes up to us. “We can just wait in the car, and maybe go to eat after?”
“Do you realize how strange it would look if Lynette and I pull up with two kids in the car?” I think about something as Lynette joins us. “In fact, it would look weird if we pulled up in the same car. We should drive separate.” 
Lynette nods. “Archer can meet us at the station in twenty minutes.” Lynette puts her arm around the kids. “Let’s go inside. I’m sure Lou will put you right to work, and before you know it we’ll be back.” 
I walk them to the entrance and see Lou walk past. 
Despite having his nose in a file, he notices us, stops in his tracks, and opens the door. He looks at me, then to Lynette. “Another younger man? I knew I should have taken better care of myself.” He ushers us in.
Lynette elbows me. 
“Joe Montgomery.” I shake his hand. “I’m working with your wife on the kidnapping case.” It’s strange to see Lou from this vantage point. I’m usually looking up his nose.
  He sizes me up. “You look more like an actor than a police officer.” 
“Actually, I’m a lawyer.”
He looks to Lynette.  “Handsome and rich? You know I’m much more comfortable when you work with unattractive women.”
 “Next time, Honey. I promise.” She kisses him on the cheek. “Hey, will you keep the kids busy for a little while?”
“Sure. We’ll have a great time.” He tousles Mac’s hair.
“I’ll go and help in the kitchen.” Mac gives me a little hug. “I’ll see you soon.” He walks down the hall. 
“That’s weird,” Kate says. “He hates kitchen duty.”
“He used to hate broccoli too, but now it’s his favorite.” Lynette touches Kate’s shoulder. “And what will you be doing?”
“I guess I could help with the laundry, since Mac’s doing ‘real’ chores. I don’t want to be the slacker in the family.” 
The conversation has my mind spinning: Mac likes broccoli? Which ‘family’ is Kate referring to? I shake Lou’s hand. “It was nice meeting you.”
He squeezes my hand extra-firm. “Be sure to keep your hands to yourself.” 
I wink at him. “Don’t waste a second worrying about that.” I head to Joe’s car.
“I’ll see you at the station.” Lynette gives me a little wave, then converses with Lou and Kate. No one looks back as I leave.  I feel like they’re ready to move on to a life without me in it. 
At Joe’s Mercedes, I see that I forgot to lock the door; I must have been distracted by the kids. I get in and head to the station.  Once there, I wait for Lynette and go through Joe’s phone. Nothing out of the ordinary. I turn on the radio, wonder what kind of music he likes.  An Etta James CD is in the player. Good choice. Clouds are coming. 

Bored, I poke through the black box. I wonder what happened to all of the girls; what he did with them once they matured. Looking through Vanessa’s passport, I see she has visited Singapore every year for the last twenty years; sometimes twice. She must leave the girls there. I can only imagine what they would have to do to get by if she left them with no money. 
Lynette pulls in beside me. She has to get that headlight fixed. I close the box, grab the handle, and get out of the car. Looks like it might rain, so I grab a trench coat from the passenger’s seat. This time, I’m sure to lock the car. “Ready?”
Lynette mutes her phone. “I’ll follow your lead.”  
As we enter and approach the front desk, I see Kim. She immediately stands and walks toward me. “What are you doing here?!” 
Lynette looks at me, and then the box. 
I face Kim and slip the box back to Lynette, who then checks in with a different secretary. I have no idea how Kim knows Joe. “I…uh… the dog ran off and I wanted to report him missing.” 
Lynette is escorted to Archer’s office. 
“Oh.” She smiles and relaxes her shoulders. “I’ll get you in touch with animal control.”
As she dials, Archer approaches the front desk. “May I have a word with you, Mr. Montgomery?” 
Kim watches us as we make our way back to Archer’s office. 
I take a seat next to Lynette and drape my coat over the arm of the chair. 
Archer closes the door. 
Lynette addresses me. “I was just telling Archer… Officer Carter, about how I approached you regarding your wife’s possible involvement in the disappearance of some children recently.” 
Archer stops her. “Mr. Montgomery. I’d like to apologize if Ms. McCollum-Hayes over-stepped a boundary here. I can assure you, it was not a directive from the police department.”
	I try to summon a response that would be true to Joe’s character. “I’ll admit I was shocked at first, even defensive. But my wife has been known to act in ways that sometimes warrant explanation.” I look at the box. “Knowing she’d be gone this weekend, I took it upon myself to look around. I found this.” I place the box and key on his desk. “You’re welcome to open it.”
	Archer stands, puts the key in the lock, and looks at Lynette. “How bad is it?”
	“Bad,” she says. “Really bad.”
	He opens the box slowly. “Oh my God.” He races through the pictures. 
	I notice a video recorder on the table behind him. The red “record” light is blinking. He’ll have Joe on tape.  “Let it be on record that I’m grateful to Ms. McCollum-Hayes for approaching me, and you’ll have my full cooperation with the law.” 
	Lynette leans forward. “There’s something else you should know.” I wonder where she’s headed. “I believe that Kim and Mike are somehow involved with the disappearances. It may be best to keep them in the dark.”
	“Why do you think they’re involved?” Archer flips through the passport. 
	Lynette scoots her chair closer to the table. “Clearly they’re… close. And when the Police Chief was out, it was Kim who assigned all of the questionable cases to Mike. If he hasn’t made any progress, perhaps you should get someone higher up involved.”
	Mindlessly, I say, “Like Internal Affairs.”
	Lynette scowls at me. “I was thinking Chief Lewis.”
	Archer looks to me and offers his hand. “Thank you for coming down today. I’ll let you know if we need anything else.” 
	I stand and shake his hand. “Guard that box with your life. Without it, you don’t have anything.” 
	He looks to Lynette. “Have you been sharing confidential information?”
	She picks up the fumble. “No. No. I just said it was crucial that he help us. For the kids’ sake.” Lynette starts to stand. 
	“Why don’t you hang back for a minute, Ms. Hayes. We’ve got some things to go over.”
	By the inflection in his voice, he means rules. 
“I’ll just show myself out.”  I grab Joe’s coat and make my way to the entrance. No sign of Kim. It’s raining outside. I put on his coat and pull it up over my hair. Women’s habits die hard. I rush to the car. Once inside, I see the brief case on the back seat. Damn it! I’ll have to go back in; give Archer the plans. Wait, didn’t I leave it on the floor?
	Just then something else catches my eye; Kim and Mike are rushing to his car. As soon as they get in, impulse takes over; I’m going to follow them. Easier said than done. The controls in this car were designed for a pilot. Fumbling for the windshield wipers, I open the moon-roof. Aiming for the headlights, I turn on the radio. Vying for the defroster, I turn on the hazards. 
	They’re pulling out. 
	I follow them onto Pulaski Hwy/US 40 East for five-and-a-half miles. There are signs for Gunpowder Falls State Park and the Aberdeen Proving Ground. Both are Government owned.
They exit onto Martin Boulevard, then turn on Eastern Boulevard, Carroll Island Road, Bowleys Quarters, and ultimately South Seneca. A single lane leads deep into the woods. It’s marked “Private.” Lightening cracks the sky; dark clouds force rain down in sheets. 
	My phone rings. It’s Lynette. “Where are you? I came out and…”
	“I followed Mike and Kim to a road off South Seneca in Bowleys Quarters.”
	She pauses. “Hang on. Let me write that down.” 
	Things shuffle in the background. I can almost see the mess in her purse. “I thought you were going to get more organized.”
“Really?! You’re going to get on my case about that… now?” Paper crumples. “Bowleys Quarter, South Seneca, private road. Got it. That’s got to be right on the water.” 
“Everything’s right on the water out here.”
	Thunder roars in the distance. I turn off my lights and creep down the road; only able to see it when lightening strikes. A quarter mile down a mansion appears   Mike’s car is out front. I grab the briefcase and review the floor plans. “Looks like they’re at the Gilchrist’s vacation home. I’m going to try and get a look inside.”
	“Are you out of your mind? Archer has enough evidence to tie Vanessa to this. Just let him do his job.” 
	“But not to indict Mike or Kim.”
	She goes quiet. “What are you going to do?”
	“Just take a few pictures. It’s dark enough out here that they won’t be able to see me.” 
	“And if they do?”
	“Joe’s a part of the Gilchrist family. I have a right to be here.” I open the car door, pull my coat over my head, and dart to the edge of the trees.
	“Stay on the line with me; I want to know you’re alright.” 
	I walk behind a row of Black Cherry trees covered in Kudzu. They look like an army of fifty-foot sea monsters. Lynette’s phone clicks. 
	“Kate’s calling. This’ll just take a minute.” Lynette clicks off. 
	I hear something behind me. “Mom?!” 
	My stomach drops; it’s Mac. 
	Lynette’s phone clicks over. “Mac’s missing.”
	I turn around. It’s completely black. “He must have snuck into my car. He’s here… somewhere.” Lightening strikes. I see Mac in the middle of the road; someone has him by the arm. The night goes black again. I shout, “It’s going to be okay Mac. Just stay calm. I’m sure everything will be okay.”
	“What the hell’s going on?” Lynette’s voice is tight. 
	“Somebody has Mac.” Lightening shatters the sky, illuminating his captor. My mind bends in half. I never could have predicted this…“Chief Lewis?!”
“Mom! Look out!” 
	Something zaps my neck. I’m filled with electricity. Paralyzed I crumple to the ground. Was that lightening? Last thing I hear: “Emma? Emma? Shit!”	
	Somebody takes my phone, just before I pass out. 
		
	
	
	


















Chapter Ten- Stumbling Perfection 

Coughing awake, I find myself curled on my right side. I try to take a deep breath, but my lungs protest. They’re small, tight balloons. Cold, no…clammy and dizzy, I try to focus. The attempt is futile. My body is sweating, but my mouth is dry. The room is made up of blotches of light, patches of dark. I don’t know who I am, who I was. Fuzzy images shrink into detail. I roll onto my back. Cough more. The ceiling steadies me. Focusing on a single light bulb, I start to remember who I am. “Mother” is the first word that comes to mind, but it doesn’t go with my body. I’m a knobby-kneed girl. 
I’m shaking, convulsing, start to pass out. 
“She needs another hit,” someone says. 
I reach out for help; my wrist is caught. I turn back on my side and see that I’m handcuffed to a cot. “No,” I mutter. “No more.” I still don’t understand who I am, but know I don’t need to be drugged. 
“Let’s keep her awake,” a second voice says. “The boss wants to start taking pictures. Let’s see if she can stand.” 
“Keep her fucked up. She’s a pain in the ass,” the first man says. He’s bald, and has the body of a pro-wrestler. “She deserves what she’s going to get.” 
I dry heave. “I’ll do whatever you want, just no more drugs.” I feel light-headed. 
“Whatever we want?” He laughs. “I wish.” 
“Knock it off,” the second one says, and unlocks my handcuffs. 
I rub my arm; see that my wrist is black and blue. 
“Get up!” The mean one yanks me to sitting. 
I hold onto the edge of the cot to keep from melting back into the bed. Everything spins. 
“Give her a break, Carlos.” 
My mind and body are separate. “I want to help. I just can’t….” 
“Shut the fuck up!” Carlos backhands my face, pulls me to my feet. Legs dangle like they have no muscle. My head drops back. I see cots filled with girls. 
One struggles against the restraint and yells, “If you hurt her, I swear I’ll kill you in your sleep.” 
Carlos say,  “Oh, I’m real scared, kid.”
Memory returns in small bits, like seltzer bubbling to the surface. I’ve said that same thing before… when I was a kid. We make eye contact. The floodgates open. “Mac?” Panting, with arms outstretched, I say, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
“Mom?” 
Carlos swirls me around, and says to the nicer one, “Did we snatch a retard?” 
“He’s probably just wacked from the nitrous oxide,” the second man says. 
I wave to Mac and look around. The girls aren’t sleeping; they’re unconscious. Maybe that’s good. Maybe we can get them out of here before they remember any of this. 
The thug hauls me— toes dragging— toward an adjacent room. Second fiddle follows. My head dips sideways. “Don’t worry Mac; everything will be okay.”
The nicer one looks at me with kind hazel eyes. 
“How in the hell do you sleep at night, after treating kids like this?” My voice is so young it disturbs me. I never knew how vulnerable I was at this age. 
“See what I mean, man? This kid never shuts up.” Carlos puts me on the floor.
Everything is concrete and painted white: floor, ceiling, and walls. Two spotlights stand
in the center of the room and point to a fur rug on a low platform. 
The nicer one presses a button on the wall, talks into a speaker. “We’ve got a live one for you. She’s a little loopy, but I think you’ll be able to work with her.” 
“I’ll be right down,” a woman’s voice says. 
My skin starts itching. I feel filled with spiders; want to climb out of myself. “Maybe a little hit would be okay, just so I don’t…” 
Carlos laughs. “Look, she’s a junkie already, only took a couple of days. Just imagine what she’ll do for it later.” 
The second one covers me with a blanket, tucks it under my chin. 
I hear the clacking of heels, and try to sit up. A tangle of blond hair hangs in front of my face as I brace myself with straight arms. A woman’s red toenails appear in slip-on, feathered heels on the floor before me. Pulling my curtain of hair to the side, I look up and see Vanessa. 
I’m not surprised. 
“My, but you are a pretty one, aren’t you?” She leans down and touches my face with the back of her hand; her wedding ring grazes my cheek. “The perfect present for Father.”
The nicer one looks at me. Something about his eyes make me trust him. He’s not a bad guy; I know it with all of me. 
 I clear my throat, try to sound more adult. “Your father likes kids?” 
“More than money.” She’s wearing a blonde wig— bobbed with bangs. Even to the layman, I can tell she’s having a psychological break. “At least he’s easy to shop for; he always wants the same thing.”
“You don’t shop for kids. You’re stealing them; ruining their lives.” I move my hair out of my eyes and really look at her. “Don’t you understand that you’ve become the animal?” 
She smacks my face. “Watch your mouth, or I’ll tie you to the bedframe myself.” 
It sickens me to think about what Richard actually does to these girls. 
Vanessa growls, “Get her out of my face and into something… presentable.” 
“What do you want her to wear?” Carlos asks. 
Vanessa looks at me, smiles a slow carnival smile, then starts to spin in circles. Her skirt floats as she raises her arms and forms a circle overhead. Stopping abruptly, she says, “Put her in… number thirteen.” Her voice changes to that of a child. “She can be his perfect little ballerina.” Vanessa pats me on the head. 
Carlos rubs his hands together. “It’ll be my pleasure.”
“Not you!” She snarls and points to the other man. “You can do it. I want her pure until she’s… presented.” 
I hear Mac yelling from another room. “You’re never going to get away with this!” 
Vanessa addresses Carlos. “Make yourself useful; knock him out.” She turns to walk away, but stops herself. “Not too much. I kind of like his moxie. Reminds me of myself.” 
I forget my role, and react. “He’s nothing like you. He actually has a heart.”
Vanessa looks down at me. “Speaking of hearts, it looks like he’s stolen yours. Two kids in love; how sweet.” Her voice changes from sarcastic to cruel. “I can’t wait to make you watch him with a different girl every day. Maybe that’ll shut you up.”
I start to respond, but the nicer man intervenes. “Can you walk?” He dips his arm to my waist to help me up and drapes my arm around his neck. “You can change over here.” 
Walking slow together we head toward a room to the right. It’s the size of a one-stall garage. Three walls are filled with rows of costumes; the fourth holds the largest mirror I’ve ever seen. A garden bench is in the middle of the room. He sits me down, riffles through the rack. 
“This is what she wants you to wear.” He holds up a satin, padded hanger displaying a baby-pink ballerina costume: leotard, tights, tutu, slippers, wrap sweater, and an added touch… countless strings of pearls. 
“Can you give me some privacy?” I ask, bracing myself on the bench. 
“Not really.” He hands the costume to me and turns around. “I’d leave the room, but Vanessa won’t allow it.” 
“Why do you work for her? You don’t seem the type…” 
“I’m not,” he says and leaves it at that. “Don’t put your hair up. She wants it loose.”
I try to run fingers through my hair, find the back matted. “What’s your name?” 
“Paul,” he says simply.
“How would you like to help me get out of here, Paul?” I look over my shoulder.
“I’m working on it,” he mumbles. 
“Are you a cop?” I turn toward him. 
He laughs. “Not hardly.”
That’s a vague response. I try to put on the tights and leotard, but am so weak that it’s as hard as pushing Play-Doh through a drainpipe. Only a little gets in at a time.
 “Can you at least tell me if you’re a good guy or a bad guy?” I put on the ballet slippers. 
He smiles. “The less you know about me the better.” 
He’s a human vault, and I don’t know his code. “You’ve gotta be a bad guy if you knew about this and didn’t do anything to stop it.” I pull apart the Velcro seal on the tutu and wrap it around my waist. 
“Listen kid, they only brought me in last night.”
I put on the sweater and make a bow at the waist. “Who’s ‘they’?”
“Carlos is right… you do talk a lot.” There’s a smile in his voice. 
“Are you and Carlos… friends?” I drape strands of pearls around my neck.
“Okay… that was your last question and my last response is: we work together sometimes.” 
I finish getting ready and turn toward him. “So... you’re normally ‘just’ a thief?”
He turns around. “Think what you need to, Kid, if it gets you through the day.” He points toward the mirror. “You wanna take a look?”
Looking at my reflection, I see I’m Anna; Mac’s love interest. I’ve never seen a child so lovely. Tall and lean, my lips are full to the point of distraction, my eyes the clearest blue. Ivory skin is devoid of imperfection, and long hair waves to my waist. Lingering on my image in the mirror, I’m horrified by my appeal. For one brief, revolting moment, I understand what a pedophile would see in me. 
“You look very pretty,” he says gratuitously. “I’m sure Vanessa will be pleased.” He comes to the bench and offers me his arm. 
“As if I care whether or not she’s happy.” I attempt to stand; my legs are shaky. 
“If she’s happy, she’s calm. And if she’s not… you’re in trouble.” He looks at me. “Play nice; your life depends on it.”
Now standing, we make our way to the door. 
Soon, bright lights switch on and Vanessa turns up the stereo; it plays Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake. I walk to center, am heated by illumination, and doused in Love’s Baby Soft. Vanessa shows me the most innocent of poses: knees turned in, arms crossed over developing breasts, eyes down and off to the side. 
I realize that I’m in the vision I had when the hell dog first attacked me: bright lights, two men talking, a woman taking pictures.
After innumerable shutter clicks and flashes of light Vanessa looks at me with a pout. She speaks in baby talk. “Sorry, Sweetness… I’ve grown tired of your presence.” Dropping the camera her voice changes to a low, intolerant tone. “Lock her up.” 
Paul picks up the camera and puts the strap around his neck. “I’ve got her.” He lifts me to my feet. 
Vanessa turns away, struts down the hallway, and waves a backhanded goodbye. 
“Give me the OxyContin,” Paul says to Carlos. 
“Finally, you’ve grown some balls.” 
“Yeah, I’ll fuck her up good.” Paul looks at me. His eyes are completely neutral. I can’t read him at all. As we walk into the first room, he pushes me down onto the cot. “Get on your side!” 
Carlos laughs. “That’s the way you’re supposed to treat ‘um.” 
Paul leans down, grabs the handcuffs that are hooked to the bed, and snaps the free side closed. They’re not on my wrist. Covering me with sheets and a wool blanket he barks feigned aggression. “Put out your other arm.” When I don’t react he smacks my face, apologizes with his eyes. He fills a syringe with clear fluid, holds it up to the light, and flicks the needle with his middle finger. 
I hold out my arm, wonder what he’ll do. A supply table blocks Carlos from view. 
Paul sticks the needle into the blanket, pushes the liquid into my bedding. “Say goodnight, Kiddo.” He says, loud enough for Carlos to hear. Then kneels and whispers, “Take this.” It’s a key. “When I signal you, go to a room at the end of that hall.” His eyes show me where. “There’s a man in there. Give him this and tell him to get the hell out of here.”  He hands me a piece of paper. “Have him call this number; he shouldn’t speak to anyone else.” Paul stands up.
I push the piece of paper into the hip of my leotard and fold the key into the sleeve.  “Why don’t you just call, or give this to him yourself?”
He squats down to get some things from the bottom of the supply table. “Phones aren’t allowed in here. And I can only enter that room accompanied. ” Glancing around he says, “I wouldn’t normally get a kid involved, but I need your help.” He locks eyes with me. “Are you okay with this?” 
I nod. “Who’s in there?”
He puts some sheets and needles on the top of the supply table, then squats down for more stuff. “Just some guy who’s in way over his head.” He looks around. “I’ll make sure they’re distracted when the next girl wakes up. You’ll have less than five minutes. Have him tell them to ‘wait, bait, and shake.’ Got it?” 
“Wait, bait, and shake. Got it.” 
He stands, rubs his knee, and says to Carlos, “She melted like a candle.” 
Walking to a chair between the two rooms, he sits next to Carlos. Once settled, they turn on a flat-screen TV on the opposite wall. I notice a hallway ascends behind them. A camera in the corner points down at the cots. 
Rolling on my side, I look across the room to Mac. He’s facing away from me; seems to be out. I clear my throat. Nothing. Cough. Nothing. Cough louder. Slowly he turns toward me and fights for consciousness. His eyes roll back with every blink. 
A tangle of voices echo in the hall. I can’t hear the conversation, but one thing’s clear; I know all of them: Vanessa, Kim, Mike, and Chief Lewis. I still can’t believe the Chief is involved. It doesn’t make any sense. I close my eyes and try to make out the conversation; they’re planning Gilchrists birthday party. A party where cake, ice cream, and virgins are served. 
 None of this surprises me—except the Chief’s involvement.  It’s like finding out that God vacations on the Las Vegas strip. I hope Lynette heard his name before I passed out and told Archer that the Chief can’t be trusted. Every cell in my body feels rage. I want to run across the room and grab him by the throat… but that doesn’t exactly seem tactical. 
Their reflections appear in a glass cabinet near the foot of my cot. Soon Mike and Kim go up the stairs and Vanessa and the Chief get into an elevator heading up. I suddenly realize we’re underground. That explains the lack of windows. 
Mac’s out again. 
“Hey… I’m gonna head out for a smoke before Springer comes on.” Carlos stands and smacks Paul on the shoulder. 
Paul looks around. “Sure. It doesn’t look like they’re waking up any time soon.” 
Once he’s gone, I look over to Paul. Glancing at me, he shakes his head, “No.” 
I wait impatiently for things to change. Minutes tick by like I’m watching sand in an hourglass. Finally, a child rouses in the cot next to Mac. Paul gets up and hovers over her. “You awake?” He asks in a gentle voice. 
“Huh?” She recoils from him.
“Don’t worry, you’re going to be okay.”
Carlos returns and goes to the speaker box. “Another one’s awake.”
 “We’ll just be a minute. The Chief and I are… finishing up.” Vanessa growls. 
Carlos takes his finger off the speaker, directs a question to Paul. “Man, do they ever stop fucking?” 
I cringe, thinking about the Chief’s wife and kids. Why would he throw everything away for a pretty face? A crass saying comes to mind: Never underestimate the power of the pussy. Clearly I’ve worked with cops for too long. 
“At least we don’t have to change the sheets,” Paul says. 
Carlos laughs.
Voices echo in the hallway. Vanessa, Chief Lewis, and Mike appear. 
“Which one?” Vanessa asks. 
I play dead and listen to them talk to the girl. 
“Don’t be afraid,” Vanessa says, as if talking to a infant. “We’re just going to get some pictures of you, and then you’ll go right back to sleep.” 
I hear Mike’s voice, but don’t know who he’s addressing. “You’re gonna have to sit this one out.” 
Checking the reflection in the cabinet, I see he’s talking to Paul. I wonder why. 
Mike gives him the “buddy slap” and I imagine slapping him right back… with a lead shovel— full force to the back of his head. 
Carlos throws the girl over his shoulder and the three of them head for the other room. Paul looks to me and gestures for me to wait. He moves to the hall between our room and the photography room. The Beach Boys blare in the background. Paul looks to me and nods. 
I stay low and rush down the hall to the room at the end. Removing the key from my sleeve, I try the lock. As the key turns, I brace for what I’m going to see. When I crack the door, the scene is surprisingly normal: bed is made, room is tidy, and there’s no one in sight. I walk in and close the door carefully. 
I’m grabbed from behind. Screaming, I try to fight my way loose. Whoever has me must be tall; my feet flail far off the ground. 
A hand covers my mouth. “Shhh. It’s okay. I’m not going to hurt you.” I recognize the voice; it’s Joe. 
I relax as he lets me go. Turning to him, I see a burn-mark on his neck; realize I was tasered. “Are you okay?”
He smiles at me. “What kind of kid asks that… especially in this situation?”
“The kind that’s really Emma James.”
His eyes change. “Who told you to say that?” 
“Nobody told me to say anything. I’m Emma. What do I have to do to make you believe me?” Still woozy, I sit on the edge of the bed. 
 “You have to admit, what you’re saying sounds a little crazy, right?”
“I’ve made love to you, worked with you, been you, and now I’m trying to save you. What’s a gal gotta do to get some recognition around here?” I turn the key back into my sleeve. 
“Just tell me what’s going on.” He massages his temples. 
I hand him the piece of paper. “You have to get out of here and call this number.”
He unfolds it. “Who is this?” 
“I don’t know, but you need to get out of here now. Only contact this number. Tell them that Paul said they should, ‘wait, bait, and shake’.”
Joe seems distracted. “I’m not just going to leave all of you behind.” He puts the piece of paper in his pocket. 
“You won’t be leaving us behind, you’ll be getting us the help we need to get out of here safely.” I stand and move to leave. “And you only have a couple of minutes.” I crack open the door, still hear the music. “Do you know how to get out of here?” 
“Of course. But not without being seen.” Joe stands close to look around. 
“Don’t worry about that; as long as the music’s on no one will see you.” I look back to see if he’s ready. 
“On the count of three.” Joe counts down and we rush toward the open room. 
I head to my cot and slip under the covers. Glancing back, I see Joe looking stunned in the opening. 
“Oh my God. What did she do?” He doesn’t move, just stares at all the kids.
“You’ve got to leave, Joe.” I wave him on.  “Get out of here.” 
He looks at me like I woke him from a dream. “Yeah, right.” He walks through the open room, to a door at the foot of Mac’s cot; tries to push it. It’s locked from the outside. He turns around and heads toward the elevator.
My attention is split. Mac’s rousing and Paul is doing something with his hands. Looks like he’s gesturing numbers. 
I look to Joe and notice a keypad on the elevator. He punches something in. It doesn’t work. Joe looks at me with alarm. I watch Paul’s hands: 9,2,3,1,9,5,3, and start sending Joe the numbers. Mac watches us; I can’t tell if he’s out-of-it or concentrating.
The music turns off. 
The elevators doors don’t open. 
Shit! I must have missed a number. Joe holds up his hands, as if to say, “It’s not working.” I realize the numbers may be Richard’s birthday. 
I try and send the numbers again, but confuse myself. My brain is fuzzy. He looks down the hall to the room were he was held. He can’t go back. I take a chance, shove my pillow under the covers, slid the key toward Paul, and race to the elevator. Paul shakes his heads in tiny quakes— No! I hear Vanessa’s voice. She’s heading toward the open room. I punch in the numbers and wait. Paul turns up the TV. Vanessa’s voice grows closer. The elevator dings. Paul starts coughing like he’s choking on chalk dust. 
Her heels stop clacking. “If you infect the girls before Daddy sees them, I’ll cut off your testicles and feed them to my dog. Understood?”
 “I’m not sick, Ma’am. I just…”
“Spare me the tedium.” Her heels clack toward us. “And for Christ’s sake, turn down the TV; it’s giving me a headache.” 
Vanessa’s so close, I can almost feel her energy. Mac and I make eye contact. He seems to sense my desperation. 
Mac shouts to Vanessa. “Hey Gorgeous!” 
Her heels stop short. 
The elevator door opens. Joe gets in. I hesitate.
Mac props up on an elbow, smiles, and winks at her. “You’re the kind of lady that makes me wish I was ten years older.” 
I feel my features contort like I’m face down in a cow pie. 
Joe yanks me in just before the door closes, then presses the top button. “This is a service elevator. We’ll get off on the upper level— laundry area. Should be quiet up there this time of night.” 
I don’t even think about what time of the day or night it was, I’m too busy ruminating about my pubescent son flirting with a sociopath. “Didn’t that totally creep you out?”
“Mac flirting with my Vanessa? Yes. But, it was a smart move on his part. Flattery and that smile will make her forget he’s a problem.”
I know he’s right, but the thought of her seducing my baby boy has me reeling. The elevator opens to a private laundry room: six washers and dryers. The excess here is unfathomable. 
Joe walks to the door, cracks it, and looks around. “Coast is clear. Let’s go this way.” He takes my hand and leads me down the hall to a bedroom in the back. It occurs to me that he would look like the pedophile in this case, but I don’t want to let go. He shuts the door behind us and keeps the lights off.  It’s pitch dark. “We’ll have to go out this window and climb down the lattice. It’s covered in ivy, so be careful; it might be slippery.” He turns a latch, lifts the window, and removes a screen. “This is the only corner of the house without a motion detector, so no lights will turn on.” 
I feel my neck get hot; breath gets short. “Uh… don’t mice love ivy?” 
I hear him chuckle. “I forgot about your mouse phobia.” 
“Did you have to fly right past ‘fear’ to ‘phobia?’ Lots of people are afraid of rodents. They’re completely disgusting, with their big teeth and long nails. They’re a horror film, just waiting to eat your eyeballs out of your head.”
“Wow… I’m sticking with phobia.” There’s a smile in his voice, which I find both charming and irritating. “How about I climb down first and chase them all off?” 
I watch as he descends with the skill of a primate. My turn. It occurs to me that I would rather do anything else other than this: give birth, skydive, set my hair on fire. I try to breathe, but just make myself dizzy. Looking down I see Joe waving me on. This is ridiculous; we have to hurry. I force myself to back out of the window; ballet slippers find thin slats of wood. My tutu catches on a split in the window frame. I want to rip it off, but know to take the “evidence” with me. Gingerly, I un-hook myself. 
Once my footing is sure, I shift my weight from my stomach on the window frame to my feet and grab the lattice with my hands. I can hear my heart pounding in my ears. Just move. Right foot down, left foot, right hand, left hand. 
Halfway down I feel something brush my hand. I try not to panic; it was probably just a leaf. A chirping sound is close. No it’s more like a squeak. I can’t move. 
Time slows like I’m in a car crash. Something shimmies up my arm. It’s black, got no eyes, a long snout, and witch hands.
Reaction takes over: I start swatting at my head and don’t realize that I’m falling, that Joe catches me, that I’m rolling around on the wet ground like I’m on fire. “Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!” 
“You’re okay.” Joe touches my arm. “It’s gone. Calm down.”
Panic subsides, but my heart still races. Tears stain my face, the hair on my body stands up, welts form on my skin. “What the hell was that?” I describe it for him. 
“Sounds like a mole.” Joe holds out a hand, helps me up. “Can we agree on ‘phobia’ now?” He smiles.
“Yes. Definitely.” I try to straighten my hair, but feel like Linda Blair in the Exorcist.
Joe leads me into the night, through the woods, and to the edge of a crossroad: Carroll Island and Bowleys Quarters converge atop a cliff. “Either road we chose is exposed; we’ll have to be careful.”
I hear something. 
Joe stops and looks around, “Do you hear that?” He moves in front of me.
I peek out from behind him, squint into the dark. “Is that a wolf?” 
“How can you not panic by the sight of a wolf, but you go ballistic with something as small as my thumb?” 
I don’t respond, just shrug.
“I think it’s a dog. A German Shepherd.” 
“Come here boy. Who’s a good boy?” I move out from behind Joe and crouch down. 
 “Rico?” 
As he trots toward us, it doesn’t register that Joe knows his name. I rub behind Rico’s ears and see that there’s a small case strapped to his collar. “What do you have for us, huh boy?” There’s a cell phone inside. “Jackpot!”
Joe smiles. “Why would he be out here?” He pets Rico’s back, finds his sweet spot. 
“I told Lynette where you were going, remember? I’m sure she knew they took your phone.”
He seems to search his mind. “Oh yeah…just before I was tasered.” 
I dial her. “Using Rico was a brilliant move.”
Lynette answers. “Emma?!”
“Yes… as played by Anna Tyler.” My stomach growls. I’m so hungry; it feels like my body is eating its own organs. 
“Are you safe? Where are you?”
“I’m with Joe. We’re where Carroll Island Road and Bowleys Quarters come together.” I feel shaky. “You know Chief Lewis is involved, right? 
“Yes. Unfortunately that came through loud and clear. I told Archer as soon as I lost connection with you.”
“What’s he going to do?” My skin feels clammy. 
“He can’t share that with me.”
Something occurs to me, makes me sick. “What about the gun and Vanessa’s box?”
“Luckily the box is still safe. Chief Lewis wasn’t at the station, or Archer would have turned it in. But, the gun is missing and a trace was never run on it.”
  “He’d better hide that box where no one can find it, until we can get a handle on what’s going on.” I put my hands on my knees, feel like I might faint, or throw up, or both. 
“Already done. Archer took it to his house.”
My mouth starts to water. “Listen. I don’t feel so good.”
“We’ll be there soon. We were just at the gas station.”
“Who’s we?” 
“Kate’s with me, and Archer’s in the car behind us.”
I shove the phone at Joe, and spin around to vomit. 
He rubs my back. “Lynette, it’s Joe. She doesn’t look so good.”
A flash in the distance catches my eye. “I bet that’s Lynette.” My legs are shaking; I start to melt sideways. 
Joe see’s me falling, catches me.  “Hang on Lynette. She’s about to pass out. ” He braces the phone between his cheek and shoulder, lifts me into his arms, and looks down at me. “What kind of car does Lynette have?” Joe holds me like a sleeping child, carries me to a fallen oak tree, and sits with me sideways on his lap. Rico nuzzles my hand. 
I barely have the energy to speak. “Buick LeSabre; cream colored, old.” 
Joe brushes my hair out of my face, looks at me. “This has been one crazy ride, Kid.”
“I’m not a kid, I’m…”
He smiles. “I know… Emma. Emma James.” He puts the back of his hand to my forehead, looks concerned. 
“You believe me?” I start twitching; can’t tell if I’m going through withdrawal, have low blood sugar, am dehydrated. 
He shrugs. “Being a ‘body-jumper’ is easier to accept than the reality Vanessa has created.” Joe looks toward the road.  “I think I see you, Lynette; we’ll be right there.” As he stands, he loses the phone; it slides on to my stomach. 
I close it and put it in his left hand.
Lynette’s car stops at the fork-in-the-road. Her taillights illuminate Archer’s squad car behind her. I remember what Paul said: don’t talk to anyone except at this number. 
Now I’m cautious about Archer. With me cradled in his arms, Joe heads toward them. 
I look up at him. “We don’t know who we can trust anymore. Promise to call the number on the paper?”
Joe nods. “Promise. As soon as I set you down.”
Kate runs to us. “Are you okay? Where’s Mac? Is he safe?” 
I can’t respond, have no energy.
“He’s inside, charming my wife. Probably the safest one in there.” He winks at Kate.
She smiles. “Thanks for... I don’t know… being a good person. I can see why my mom… trusts you.” Kate walks beside me. 
A poison surges from my stomach and up my throat. I try to lean sideways, but spew vomit at my knees, soaking Joe’s phone hand. 
Without missing a step he says, “I can see where Mac gets his charm.”
Archer gets out and opens the back door of his squad car. I paw at Joe’s shirt. 
He looks at me. “You’d rather ride with Lynette?” 
I nod.
Lynette rushes to us with paper towels and Wet Naps. “ I think she’s going through withdrawal.” She wipes us down as we make our way to her car. 
Joe lays me down on the back seat. Lynette wipes my mouth and gives me a little water. Kate covers me with a blanket. As Archer approaches the car, I start to panic. 
Joe must see it in my eyes. “It’s okay.” He pulls the piece of paper out of his wallet. “I’ll call right now.” 
Archer leans down. “Joe and Rico can ride with me. I’ll lead you guys to the nearest hospital.” Archer’s phone rings. He looks at Caller ID and then Joe. “Are you calling me?” 
Joe hangs up. Archer’s phone stops ringing. 
Joe looks at me, then back at the piece of paper. “Let me just try this again.” He redials and Archer’s phone rings. 
Archer takes the piece of paper. “Who gave you this number?” 
Archer’s the contact?! Who does he work for, really? 
“Someone named Paul.”
“What did he say…exactly?”
I want to remind him, but something cracks in my mind. It feels like there are jumper cables in my brain. My back arches, body stiffens. 
Kate screams, “Lynette!”
Someone holds my head. 
I hear Lynette’s voice through the electricity in my head. “She’s seizing. We have to get her help… now.” 
Car doors slam, a siren goes on, car tires spin out. 
I feel like sand falling through an hourglass timer— can’t fight the force.
The last thing I feel is drool rolling down my cheek. Then fate clicks off my light of consciousness, rolls me in a blanket of black stars, and kicks me into a sea of nothing. 










Chapter Eleven- Prick

I wake up lying on my stomach, face down through a hole. Soft music plays in the background. Hands massage my back. The bed is heated, the oil, jasmine. I allow myself a moment’s indulgence. 
“Finally, you relax,” a woman’s voice says. She sounds familiar, but I can’t place her. 
“Um hum.” I have a man’s voice.
“Okay, you turn now.” She lifts my sheet and blanket. 
The room is dark. I keep my eyes closed. Her hands move over my chest and down my stomach. 
“Uh… maybe, just stay up here.” I gesture to my shoulders. My voice sounds familiar too, but deeper than I am used to. 
“You are so uptight. Give into my hands.” She moves down my body to my abdomen, thighs, and back up to my groin. 
I feel something move. Oh my God! “You can stop.” 
I’m getting an erection. 
“I’m just getting to the good stuff.” She massages between my legs, edges her way up to my testicles. 
“Uh, I really don’t think this is a good…”
She strokes my penis. 
“Ahhhhhhhh……” I jump off the table and wrap the sheet high around my body the way a woman would. 
“When will you let me love you?” A slight accent lilts her childish speech. 
“Could you just get the lights? I think we’re done here.” 
As the lights switch on, I’m momentarily blinded. Eyes adjust. My penis wilts. Pausing before I look up, I brace myself for who’s in the room. I raise my eyes from the floor and see the woman across the massage table from me. 
It’s Kim. 
She’s naked. 
Cringing, I look away. There’s a mirror mounted to the sidewall. Reluctantly, I lean sideways into it. Seeing my reflection, I’m revolted. 
 I’m Mike Dupree. 
“Shit!” I look up toward heaven. “Are you frickin’ kidding me here?” 
“Why won’t you ever let me pleasure you?” She runs her tongue along her upper lip, bites her lower one. “I am very talented.” 
The words, “won’t” and “ever” bounce around in my mind. “We’ve never had sex?” 
She walks toward me, runs her hand over my shaft. “Today could be a first.” She squeezes my penis.
I pull away. The sensation of her hand lingers on me longer than I’d like. I can see why men always think about sex. There’s no lag time for arousal. One touch and my blood flow changes course, begins to engorge my manhood. For a nanosecond I consider having sex with her. I want to know what men feel. 
My thoughts startle me. “You should put your clothes on.” 
She turns around and leans over the table to reach for a robe. The most primal part of Mike’s testosterone laden brain urges me to mount her. She glances back at me, catches me staring. “See anything you like?”
Oddly, yes. 
I remember myself.  “I’m… not into girls.” 
“I knew it!” She covers herself with the robe. “All this time I thought you were gay.” 
No, Mike is definitely not gay. I shift focus. “Where are we?” 
“At the beach house, Silly.” She puts her hand on my forehead like she’s checking for a fever. “You should feel special. My sister doesn’t usually trust people enough to invite them here. The Chief must have put in a good word for you.”   
A puzzle piece snaps into place. “Your sister’s Vanessa?” 
“Now you are just playing with me.” She puts her hair up in a bun.
“I’m definitely not playing with you.” In either sense of the word, although I have to keep telling myself that. 
“You must be dizzy. I’ll get you water.” She slides into slippers and starts to walk out of the room.
“Vanessa is your sister, right?” I look around for my clothes. Mike’s uniform is folded neatly on a bureau.
“What’s with you today? You know she’s my sister.”
As she closes the door, I wipe off excess oil. Mike has a full sleeve of tattoos on his left arm. One stands out: a heart with “Mom” on his shoulder. The other images seem to chronicle a tortured life, but I don’t have the time or inclination to analyze the message. I scramble to put on my clothes. 
Looking up, I fume at Mother: “I don’t know what you’re thinking, but this isn’t even remotely funny. Me as Mike?” I pull a wife beater over my head, and button an official navy shirt over it. “Did Kim really have to be naked?” I step into his pants, latch his belt. “And what in the hell is this twist with Kim and Vanessa?” Pointing hairy toes into socks, I continue my rant. “Now we aren’t lovers.” I lace on perfectly shined shoes and realize how tightly Mike’s brain is wired. 
Kim returns. “Were you talking to yourself?” She hands me a bottle of Perrier. 
I remember my Jersey accent. “I was, uh… hummin’.” I slide the tie around my neck, but have no idea how to knot it; Cal didn’t wear them. 
She looks at me sideways. “You… humming?” She giggles and helps me with my tie. 
“I wanna get out of here, see what’s goin’ on with the kids.” I feel my crew cut. Rough stubble. Kim slides the knot of my tie up my neck. It’s suffocating. 
 “The guys are still looking for Joe and the girl.” She takes her own bottle of mineral water out of her robe pocket and hands it to me to open. 
I sit on the edge of the massage table and try to be nonchalant. “So Joe took her?” I want to be sure that Paul’s not in any trouble.
“You must be coming down with something.” She touches my hand. “Who else could it be? Probably wants her all to himself.” She takes a sip of Perrier, sets it down, and moves to the head of the massage table. She starts to strip the sheets. 
I help her with the bottom half of the table. “Is the party still on?”
She places the sheets in a cotton laundry bin and furrows her brow. “For now, but Vanessa is worried that Joe will do something stupid. We may not be able to take the risk.” 
I’ve got to put their minds at ease. “I’ll make sure he’s taken care of.” 
 Kim giggles. “You kill Joe? You’re such a tough guy.” She grabs a towel off a shelf. “I’m going to shower. You can check on things if you like.” 
I stop her. “What time does the party start again?”
“Cocktails are served at 5:00.” She reaches for the handle. 
I put my hand on the door. “And how many guests?”
She looks up at me. “How could you forget all of this?”
Scrambling for an answer, I blurt, “I’m a guy. We forget everything.”
Kim giggles and tries to leave. 
I brace my hand, clench my jaw. “I said ‘how many’?”
She shrinks. “Twenty five, or so.”
I remove my hand. 
After she leaves, I spot a duty belt in the corner of the room, and walk to it. Picking it up, I see that it holds a 9mm and several rounds in the belt; it’s the same type of gun Cal and my father had as cops. Opening the magazine, I find it fully loaded. Strapping on the belt, I feel ridiculous. I never learned how to shoot.
I turn toward the door and see Mike’s jacket on a hook. As I put it on, something cold rests against my chest. I can’t get to it. The object is sewn into a pocket. I look around for something that could poke a hole in the lining. 
It dawns on me that there might be cameras in the room. Taking a cue from reality television, I go in search of a bathroom. Of all places, cameras shouldn’t be allowed in there. 
There’s one across the hall. 
I lock myself in and inspect the room. No cameras. I search the drawers for something sharp. Nothing. It’s like they’ve child proofed each object. The most threatening tool is a sweater shaver. I take off my coat and gnaw a small puncture in the lining, then screw my finger into the tear and rip open a hole. Reaching in, I feel something the size of a brooch. 
It’s cold, heavy and engraved. I pull it through the hole and hold it in the palm of my hand. 
“What the hell?” Mike’s Internal Affairs. I look up. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” 
Mike finds dirty cops.
I don’t even know how to process this. Everything I figured out doesn’t make sense anymore. I’ve been dealt a whole new hand of cards and have to reshuffle my thinking. 
I have to pee. 
There’s no part of me that wants to see Mike’s bait and tackle. Delaying, I look up. Gold acoustical panels. Stepping on the toilet, I push up one of the ceiling panels and hide Mike’s I.A. badge inside. There’s no way I want to get caught with that. 
I have to relieve myself. Stepping down, I move my zipper down slow, unlatch my belt and pants, and reach inside. Damn! I can hardly believe what I feel. Mike is beyond well endowed. 
I feel a strange sort of moxie.  
“Bully for you, Mike.” I take a deep breath, and aim for the center of the bowl. 
After washing my hands, I step into the hallway; don’t know which way to go.  To the left, stairs lead down to the room where the cots are. To the right, this hall T’s into another one. I go right, then left at the end. There’s an open door. I head toward it. It’s a monitoring room with smoked glass that overlooks the room where the kids are being held. There’s a bird-nest chair for surveying. I stand behind it and can see most of the cots. The supply table blocks the head of Anna’s cot. Paul must have known that when he put her there. Monitors display several other rooms, and the grounds outside.
“I see you’re doing your job.” 
I recoil at the sound of Vanessa’s voice. 
Turning slowly to her, my cells ignite. I can’t tell if it’s my disdain for her or Mike’s, but his brain wants to attack. I rein in impulse. “Yes, ma’am. I like what I do.” 
She rests against the frame of the door. “My sister tells me that you’re into boys. I’ve got a fresh one down there for you.” 
 Offering me my own son? I’m tempted to use Mike’s gun to pistol-whip her between the eyes. “I’m into men, not kids.” 
“Touchy, are we?” Vanessa puts a cigarette into an opera-length holder. Her hair is pulled back in a tight, black chignon. I’m reminded of the vision I had before being murdered: She was the woman outside of Joe’s office. The older man was probably Gilchrist. 
“You got an extra cigarette?” My impulse to smoke is as strong as DeWayne’s was to drink. Besides, I want to see how to get out of here.  
She draws one from a silver case. “Are you actually going to light it?” 
“Yeah… outside. You wanna come?” Maybe if I get her out of the house, we can end this thing right now. 
“I always want to cum.” She growls. “But not outside. You go right ahead.” She gestures down the hall. “I’ll be happy to watch the kittens sleep.” 
As I approach the door, Vanessa doesn’t move. 
“Too bad you’re gay. I understand you’re quite a handful.” She grabs my crotch, and growls. 
Anger flares like I’ve been hit with kerosene. “Yeah, too bad.” 
I push past her and make my way to the other end of the hall. Looking back, I see Vanessa disappear into the monitoring room. I find a door that opens and leads down a wide concrete corridor. I can’t see what’s at the end. Walking slowly, I stop where light and shadow converge. There’s a door on the right with a square window. I look in and see the kids from a different angle. This is the door at the foot of Mac’s cot. 
Trying the handle, I find it locked. Mac sees me. In an unprecedented act of defiance, he flips me the bird. 
Another dimension to my son is born. 
I don’t know whether to laugh or decide how to parent him. 
Cellar doors open. A stray pair of boots clomp down the stairs. It’s Carlos. 
“Hey, you going out for a smoke, Mikey? I knew you’d cave one day.” He turns on the stair to head back up with me. “I’ll have another one with you.” 
It’s strange to see Carlos this way… pleasant. He would have raped me as Anna, but with Mike he’s friendly. 
We walk up together. 
I put the cigarette in my mouth as we step outside. “Anything on Joe and the kid?” A spotlight turns on. I’m sure Vanessa’s watching us.
“No. But we’ve got a bunch of guys out looking for them.” Carlos strikes a match, cups it in his hands and offers the flame to me. 
I inhale and mindlessly groan at the feeling. Smoking for Mike feels equivalent to sex. As I play with my cigarette, I don’t hear what Carlos is saying. Something about Joe. I’m captivated by how the red cherry consumes the shaft of tobacco, and emits white heat as embers die in her hungry wake. Yep… sex alright. I take another deep drag and hold the smoke in my lungs. 
 Carlos snaps his fingers in my face. “Did you hear me Mikey? We’ve still got to snatch another girl by tomorrow night if we can’t get Anna back.” He blows clouds of smoke into the night.
Everything pulls back in me. I didn’t think about that. “Vanessa’s still on the hunt?” My boner for smoking goes flaccid.  
“I know… crazy, huh?” He takes another deep drag and blows smoke rings. 
“She sure is.” I try inhaling again, but now smoking just leaves me dizzy. 
Carlos flicks off ashes, stomps out his cigarette. “I’d better get back; I’ve got kids to restrain.” He laughs at himself. 
“I’ll be in soon.” 
I have to think. Holding the cigarette between my lips the way Mike would, the smoke curls into my eye, burns it. Tears betray my bravado. My love affair with smoking has taken an embarrassing turn. 
I should volunteer to bring back Anna/kidnap a girl. 
My “nether region” is irritated. I reach into Mike’s pants and find his penis twisted like a balloon animal. Finally, I understand why men are always adjusting “things.” After airing things out, I spit out the cigarette and grind it with my foot. Disgusting habit. 
Inside, I make a pit stop in the bathroom. I have to take off these briefs; it’s like he’s wearing a training bra on DD breasts. 
Once “commando,” I head down the hall.
Vanessa swivels her chair toward me. “Kim tells me you’re willing to ‘clean things up’ around here?”
Just the “in” I need. “Yeah. Everybody’s stretched pretty thin around here. I got no problem takin’ out Joe and bringin’ back the kid.”
She almost laughs. “I didn’t know you had a sense of humor.” 
I have no idea what’s funny. 
She unlocks and opens a drawer. “What makes you think you can find them?” She slides Mike’s phone and keys to me. 
I look at his Blackberry; there’s a new text from a blocked number. It reads: We have Joe and Anna. Proceed as planned. 
I wonder if it’s Archer.  “Because I already did.” I show her the message. 
“I can see why the Chief puts so much trust in you.” She smiles. “If you do your job right, I’ll be ‘daddy’s little girl’ again soon.”
“I’m on it.” I turn to leave.
Vanessa gets up. “Before you go, see if anyone’s awake. We’ve only taken a few pictures. You know how Daddy likes his ‘before’ photo’s.” 
“Yes ma’am.” I want to tell Mac what’s going on. 
“Rattle their cages at little bit. I want to get this show on the road.” 
As I enter the lower level, Mac turns away from me… too fast. I know he’s awake. 
“What’s up, Mikey?” Carlos stands up. 
“Vanessa wants more pictures.” I put my hand behind my hips to stretch my lower back. Mike needs lumbar work. 
“I’d be happy to knock ‘um around a little bit.” His eyes go dull. 
“That’s alright. I saw someone moving around over there.” 
Carlos sits back down next to Paul and gets lost in a repeat of Jersey Shore. I meander to Mac’s cot, tap him and say, “It’s not nice to flip your mother the bird.” I’m sure to stand where Vanessa can’t see his face. 
He turns to me. “You’re not my mother.”
“Hard to believe, I know. Trust me, I’m still getting used to it.”
He scowls. “Bullshit. There’s no way she’d ever be you.”
I raise my eyebrows. “Okay seriously… you can’t be cussing and flipping people off. It’s disconcerting… like seeing a toddler smoking a pipe.” 
He studies me. “Hmmm… Mom was always ripe with simile.”
His grasp of the English language never ceases to amaze me. Smiling at him, I say, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
“Damn!” He smiles playfully at me. “That was the last swear word, I promise.”
I shake my head. “I’ve got another surprise for you…Mike’s Internal Affairs.”
“No way!” He tries to sit up; the handcuff catches him. “He’s on our side?”
“I know. I can’t believe it either.” 
Mac looks away from me. His eyes are tracking someone. 
Soon, I feel Carlos standing next to me. “I’ll let Vanessa know he’s up.” He heads off to the speaker on the wall. 
I try to comfort Mac. “Don’t worry— she’s just going to put you in some sort of costume, take some pictures, and lock you back up.”
He raises an eyebrow. “I can promise you that no other parent could deliver that line with equal apathy.”
I have to laugh. He’s right. 
Vanessa says through the speaker, “Put him in number 71.”
I search my pockets for keys to handcuffs, don’t have any. “Hey Carlos, do you have…”
He tosses me a ring of keys. “Just give ‘em back when you’re done.”
I unlock Mac’s handcuffs and help him stand. 
As Vanessa and the Chief step out of the elevator, the Chief squeezes her ass. 
Mac says too loud, “It’s always a feast of pheromones with you two.”
Vanessa smiles at him. “Lively banter from someone a child.” 
“Yeah, he has quite a personality.” I give him the stink eye and lead him to the dressing room. “You do realize that you’re playing with fire, right?” 
Mac sits on the garden bench with arms splayed across the back. “She’s child’s play.” 
I find the costume she wants Mac to wear; it’s a Fireman’s uniform. 
He laughs. “That’s ironic. Looks like the universe thinks I can handle her.”
“It’s a polyester costume, with a high melting point.” I turn away as Mac gets changed.
“It’s a sign, I’m telling you.” He shuffles around.
“I think you’ve been spending too much time with Lynette.” My own words hit me. I can already see him changing. Who will he become after years with her…years without me?
After some shuffling, Mac says, “Okay… I’m ready.” 
When I turn to see him, it’s all I can do to not laugh. 
He strikes letter poses in the mirror, then says, “Get it? You’re the cop, I’m the fireman…Y.M.C…” 
 “…we look like the Village People. Funny.” Stifling a smile, I open the door. “Play nice.” I gesture toward the photography room.
He struts from the changing room to center stage. Vanessa seems amused by him. After each snap Mac changes into a new animated pose. She uses all her film, then pats his head.
“I think that ‘nap’ did you good.” She puts down the camera. “You almost make me not hate children.”
“Are you flirting with me?” Mac winks at her.
“Let’s get you back to bed,” I say, before Mac makes another wisecrack. 
He yawns. “Yeah, I’ve been up for ten whole minutes.” 
Before leaving, Vanessa approaches me. “Paul and Carlos can handle things from here. Deal with the important business.” 
Carlos takes the keys from me. 
On the way to the elevator, Chief Lewis gropes Vanessa like a randy teenager, while I cover Mac’s eyes.
“Uh… shouldn’t you be leaving to handle business?” Mac sits on his cot.
I turn to him and put the handcuff on loose enough to get free. “I’ll prop the door. Wait until they’re distracted, then…”
“No,” he shakes his head. “I’m staying here… until we can all get out together.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m trying to protect you. I can’t do that if you’re…” 
He puts up his other hand. “Stop. You’re not going to be here for much longer. I’m going to have to start making decisions for myself. And… I’m choosing to stay.”
“I can’t let you do that.” I reach toward him. 
He puts his hand on my shoulder to stop me. “You don’t have a voice in this, Mom.”
I don’t know what to do. I can’t exactly carry him out of here kicking and screaming.
He seems to sense my inner turmoil, and smiles. “Don’t you want to see the type of man I’ll become?”
I’m stymied by the question. “Not if it means…”
He tightens his handcuff. “Just go. I’ll be fine.”
I’m aghast. “What did you just do? You know I don’t have the keys any more.”
He shrugs. “Besides, we’re running out of time.” 
I look at my watch. 4:50 in the morning. The party’s not tomorrow… it’s tonight. He’s right; I have to go. “I’ll be back in a couple of hours. Please don’t do anything until I get back— especially piss off Vanessa.”
Conflicted, I head outside and go to the front of the house. At least I’ll know where he is. And he does seem to be able to charm Vanessa. 
Mike’s car is still in the driveway. I hustle to it, get in, and dial. 
“Lynette McCollum-Hayes.”
“It’s me, Emma.” I start the car. 
“Where are you?”
“At the beach house. You’ll never believe who I am.” Turning on the headlights, I shift into drive. 
“And I’m too exhausted to guess.” 
“I’m Mike Dupree… an Internal Affairs officer.” I pull out. 
“You just blew the three brain cells that I had left.”
“I know. Are you guys at your house?” I turn on to South Seneca. 
“No. Kate and I are at Joe’s. I couldn’t exactly go home without Mac, so I told Lou we took a road trip.” 
Good point. “Is Kate comfortable there?” 
“Completely. She likes Joe. He’s an easy fit with all of us.”
“I’ll be there in about twenty minutes. Will you call Archer and ask him to meet us?”  
“Sure. See you soon.” Lynette disconnects.
After we hang up, I drive over a bridge, high atop the water, and head back to Glen Burnie. The ride only takes about twenty minutes, but seems to last forever. I just want to hug Kate, see Lynette, and be near Joe. Lost in thought, I don’t notice a car following me until the exit near home. Headlights turn on at the top of the ramp and follow me down. Maybe I’m just being paranoid. I take extra streets to see if I lose the car, but it follows me like we’re hitched to the same track.  
I speed up and head to the kids old elementary school. It’s been abandoned for a few years, since a new one was built. Once there, I whip in back and turn off the lights. Hopping out, I enter the brick building through a busted back door and hide behind it.
The car pulls in; headlights shine into the room. Looking through the seam of the door, I see the silhouette of a man moving toward the building. He has a gun. 
With his back to the outside wall, he yells, “Show yourself, you sorry fuck.” 
It’s Paul. As he turns the handle and edges in, I put my gun in the center of his back. “Put the gun down.... slowly, where I can reach it.” 
He lowers his arms, crouches down, and places the gun on the ground next to him. “You’re never going to get away with this, Mike. Dirty cops always get caught.” He stands up slowly, keeps his hands visible.
I pick up the gun, and drop it in my jacket pocket. “I’m not a dirty cop; I’m Internal Affairs. Frankly, I thought you were too.”
“Bullshit. You and the Chief practically suck each other’s dicks.”
I still haven’t gotten used to the way men talk to each other. “I can prove it.” Reaching inside my jacket, I feel the hole. “Damn…I left it at the house...”
“You’re so full of shit.” He starts to lower his hands.
I shove the gun harder against his back. “Why are you following me?” 
“Vanessa wanted to make sure you could be trusted. But I’ll kill you before I let you bring that kid back.”
“Who are you? How are you involved in this?”
He tries to look back at me. “That’s none of your business.” 
I have to figure out what to do with him. “Give me your keys and cell phone.” 
He doesn’t budge. 
I cock the gun and put it to his head— with zero intention of pulling the trigger. “I said give me your....”
He takes them out of his pocket, passes them back to me. 
I have to get him into my car and keep him there. “Take off your pants.”
“What the fuck?”
“Your underwear too.” I put his keys and phone in the same pocket as the gun. 
“If this is some sort of gay move, you can just shoot me right now.”
“I’m not coming on to you. It’s so you won’t run.” The sun is beginning to come up. 
Unbuckling his belt, he says, “Where are you taking me?” He slides his pants and briefs off in one fell swoop. 
	Nice backside. “Shoes and socks too.” 
	He complies. “I asked you a question.”
	“You’re not the one with a gun, so just do as you’re told.” I gather his clothes. “After I lock your stuff in your car, you’re going to get in my passengers seat. Understand?”
	He nods. 
	“Keep your hands locked behind your head, until I tell you to put them down.”
	We make our way to his car. I drop his clothes and phone in the trunk, lock his car, and put the keys back in my pocket. I notice that several keys look like the ones Carlos had. We’ll need them later. 
	Once he’s in the car, I get in the driver’s seat, train the gun on him with my left hand, and drive with my right. To say it’s awkward is an understatement; I have to keep telling my left hand where to aim and how to keep my finger on the trigger.
	“Where are we going?” He looks my way. 
	I inadvertently glance down at his penis. “To a friend’s house.” 
	Paul catches me checking him out. “Did you just look at my dick?”
	I almost laugh; can feel myself getting punchy. “I glanced. It was an accident. I forgot you weren’t wearing pants. It was just laying there…” We’re blocks away from Joe’s house.	
	“Just keep your fucking eyes to yourself.” He looks ahead at the road. 
	“Absolutely. I promise.” And then— as if I have no impulse control whatsoever— I look again.
	“Jesus Christ. What are you a fucking homo?” He cups his crotch.
	“No. Really. I just…” The laughing starts innocently enough; just a double huff from my core. Then a perfect storm of fatigue, stress, and the insanity of my situation hits me. The laughter starts slowly at first, then it builds to an uncontrollable concerto of madness.	
He glares at me. “What’s so fucking funny?” 
	 “Nothing. It’s just…” I forget about the gun, wave it around.
	“Jesus, watch that thing, man.” He puts his hands up to cover his face.
	I see his penis again and laugh so hard I make myself cough. Wiping my eyes with my left sleeve, I accidently pull the trigger. A shot rings out. 
I’m instantly sober. 
The right leg of my trouser has a hole in it; blood soaks through fabric. “Shit, shit, shit!” I keep driving, can’t feel the pain. I think I’m in shock. My heart races like a gnat on crack. Only one more street until we’re at Joe’s. 
“Holy shit!” Paul laughs. “You fucking shot yourself.”
“Yeah… I realize that.” I’m shaking. “Is there a First Aid Kit in the glove box?”
He opens it. “What do you want?”
“…to stop bleeding.” My eyes flash between the road and my leg. I turn on Joe’s street. 
“This?” He holds up gauze and medical tape. 
“That’s good.” I pull into the circular driveway, close to the front door. “Just wrap it around my leg and tell them I’m in the car.” I brandish the gun to remind him of his role. 
“I’m half naked.” 
I don’t need this to be Kate’s first penis encounter.  “Fine… take mine.” I lift my hips. “But I swear I’ll shoot you if you try to leave.” 
He pulls off my pants. “Seriously… you’re not wearing underwear?” 
I roll down my window. “They were suffocating me.” 
There’s a pause when he seems to realize my endowment. “Jesus… no wonder you were laughing at me.” He puts on Mike’s trousers and quickly folds the cuff over twice. 
As Paul gets out of the car, I look at my leg. The bullet went clean through my outer thigh, seemed to miss major arteries and bone. I wrap the gauze around my leg, blood soaks right through. Still no pain, but I know it’s coming. 
Paul is talking to someone; I look up and see Lynette in the entryway. She looks toward the car and rushes over. Joe follows her. 
“Are you okay?” She leans in through the window and looks down. “Oh! Oh?!”
“That second ‘oh’ wasn’t about the wound was it?” The pain starts to seep in.
“No… it wasn’t.” She looks back at Joe. “Will you get rubbing alcohol, hand towels, duct tape, and… long basketball shorts?”
He nods and rushes off. 
I keep my eyes and gun trained on Paul, and ask Lynette, “Where’s Kate?”
“Sleeping. We stayed at the hospital with Anna until her parents arrived. She’s exhausted, but wanted me to wake her when we heard from you.”
Pain shoots through my leg. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” I start rocking; feel like I could throw up. 
Lynette opens the door. “Let’s get you on the ground.”
I hear someone pulling up the driveway. “Who’s that?” 
She looks over my car. “Archer.”
I feel the blood drain from my face and know I won’t be conscious for long. “Lynette.” She bends down. “I need to tell him something, before I…”
I hear Paul call out, “Archer…?”
Lynette pats my shoulder. “I’ll get him.”  She rushes to Archer’s car just as Joe returns with supplies. 
The three of them converge at my car. “Take this.” Joe hands Lynette everything she asked for. “Archer, help me carry him inside.” Behind me, Joe hooks his arms under mine. 
Lynette feeds my feet into basketball shorts and slides them up my legs.
Archer looks over to Paul. “What’s he doing here?”
I struggle to breathe. “How do you know him?”
Archer looks at me sideways. “The same way you know him.”
 “Jesus. Can I just get a straight answer around here?” 
He picks me up by the knees. “He’s a snitch.”
As they rush me to the entryway, Paul asks Archer. “Is Mike really Internal Affairs?”
Archer hikes me up. “I have no gad-damned handle on what’s going on any more.” 
They lay me on an area rug. “Archer, listen to me.” 
Joe and Lynette tend to my leg. Paul calls 9-1-1 and requests an ambulance. 
“I am I.A., but I can’t remember who to contact right now. You’ll have to do it.”
There’s panic in his eyes. “Me? I don’t know how to get ahold of them, or the FBI, or the CIA, or any other ‘secret agency’. I’m a rookie, man.” He leans in. “I’ve nearly crapped myself three times. And that’s just today.” 
If the pain weren’t so bad, I’d laugh. Besides, I have to hold it together if he’s losing it.  
 “Then you need to be there after surgery, and have my phone with you. I’ll know what to do then. I just can’t think right now.” Searing pain stabs and twists in my leg. I grab it and roll onto my side. 
Kate and Rico are at the top of the stairs. “What’s going on?”
Writhing, I say, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
Kate rushes down the stairs, with Rico behind her. “Mom?”
“Yes, Honey.”
She kneels at my side. “Are you okay?” 
Her observational skills must be going. 
“I have something to tell all of you.” The commotion settles. “Paul… tell them what’s going on inside the beach house. Codes too. Keys are in the pants you were wearing, in your trunk.” I look to Joe. “They unlock the basement where Mac and the other girls are being held.”
Lynette says, “What about the party?”
“It’s tonight at 5:00. I was supposed to bring Joe and Anna brraack.” My thinking starts to skip like a scratched record. “No Anna baring.”
They all look to each other.
The pain is as consuming as childbirth. I try to tell them about Vanessa wanting another girl if we don’t bring Anna back. “Steal ‘notha girl.” I hear an ambulance in the background. “’noth girl.” I wonder if I’m stroking.
Lynette says, “We need to stop them before…” 
Joe speaks up. “You guys might disagree with me, but I think we should let Vanessa go through with her plan for the party.” 
Lynette looks to Joe. “Are you out of your mind?” 
He explains: “Their group is small right now and very focused on the kids. When the party begins they’ll be highly distracted. From a tactical standpoint, we’ll have an advantage at that point. Besides, a larger number of people can be implicated.” 
I forgot he’s Infantry trained. 
Archer puts pressure on my leg and looks to Joe. “I’ll stay with Mike and see if we can find some back up that isn’t dirty.”
Lynette runs fingers through her hair, seems like she wants to pull it out.  “I know you’re backed into a corner here, Archer, but you may very well lose your job over this.”
“My job is to get the bad guys. The more the better.”
Paul nods. “I’m in. I’ll do whatever you need me to.”
There’s a pounding at the door. Rico goes to it. 
Kate looks at me. “Only one more waking, and I didn’t really get to see you in this one.”
Joe goes to the door and lets the paramedics in. 
I can’t speak; feel like I’m bleeding out. I try to apologize with my eyes, but all I can do is cry. Pregnant tears roll past temples, and shimmy through a maze of tidy shorn hair.
An EMT puts a mask of chemically laced air over my nose and mouth. “Just relax. You’re going to be fine.”
The last thing I feel is Kate holding my hand. Consciousness fades like an exhale of smoke. 













Chapter Twelve - Gimme  

“Sir?” There’s a gentle knocking at the door. “It’s time to wake.” The voice is molasses. 
Opening my eyes, I see that I’m in a king-sized, four-post bed. The wood is hand-carved, the bedding feathers. Sun pours generously into the room. 
The woman enters. Wearing a maid’s uniform, she crosses the sitting area, passes floor-to-ceiling windows, and goes to a fireplace at the right of my bed. Opening doors to a hearth, she lights a preset fire. Flames are nearly indiscernible fromh the glow of the sun. 
Approaching my side of the bed, she says, “Warm slippers, just as you like.” She places them on the floor at the exact point at which I would turn out of bed. “And a freshly-washed robe, still warm from the dryer— as requested.” The white robe is a stark contrast to her dark skin. 
“Thank you.” My voice is aged. I sit up and find that I’m in maroon, silk pajamas. “I appreciate your thoughtfulness.” 
She seems confused by my gratitude. “You’re quite welcome.” Draping the robe across the foot of the bed, “May I have the honor of selecting some clothes for this evening?” She has a slight Southern accent.
“Uh…sure.” My speech pattern seems too informal.
“Thank you, Sir.” A single, unhurried nod of tidy, black waves suggests that she has served me for many years. 
“No… it is I who should be grateful to you for your kindness.” I’m hoping to reflect genuine regard.
She looks at me. “Are you feeling all right, Master Gilchrist?” 
Gilchrist? Shit, Shit, Shit! I can’t believe I’m in the body of a pervert. This is a Child Protection nightmare. I try not to think about what he’s done, but images bombard me. I want to crawl out of myself. I look up. Mother!  I bet she’s enjoying this. I’m nothing more than a pawn in her outrageous fantasy. 
I try to pull it together, have to make contact with the group. “I’m fine, fine.” I turn to get out of bed, and slide my feet into the slippers. “Perfectly content, Miss...” Standing, I’m a head taller than her. Her figure, though curvaceous, is compact. 
“Charlotte.” She furrows her brow, looks at me suspiciously. “Well then… I’ll just start the water for your afternoon shower.” 
Afternoon? I wonder what I missed, wonder where everyone is. “Do you know where I put my phone?” 
Charlotte walks to the nightstand on the other side of the bed. “It’s right where you left it, Master Gilchrist.” She wipes off the phone with her apron. Something about her seems familiar. 
 Why is she calling me Master? I put on the robe. “How long have you worked here?” 
Her mouth tightens. “If you don’t know, I’m certainly not going to remind you.” She picks up the cell phone and walks it to me. There’s hate in her eyes. 
 “I’m just feeling a little confused.”
“That seems to be happening more and more lately. Perhaps a visit to the doctor is in order.” She heads toward the bathroom. As she starts the shower, I look around the room for the time. A grandfather clock stands in the corner. It’s 2:30. 
Breath catches in my chest. I’ve lost more than half the day. 
I look around. This bedroom is larger than my house and extravagantly decorated. The entry to the room is marble. To the right of that: a pool table, then a dividing wall with a double-sided fireplace. On the closer side of the privacy wall, a love seat— with a pheasant and nature pattern— coordinates with two Winchester chairs covered in blonde leather. The table legs are gold with a glass top. There’s an open area before my bed and main hearth. 
Padding across cashmere carpet to the windows, I see a harbor and know we’re on the Patapsco River. I look across the outside of the mansion; it’s as big as a mall. 
“The shower is at ninety-two degrees, as you like it.” Charlotte crosses to leave. 
I’m anxious to find out what’s going on. I ask, “Is everything set for the party?” 
“A special driver will be here at 4:30, as planned.” She backs out, closing double doors. They’re gold and black, like Ghiberti’s Gates of Paradise. Looking up, I see the ceiling is domed. In the style of da Vinci, a mural of the Garden of Eden looms overhead. In the painting, countless naked children, of varying races, hold apples. Gilchrist has no shame.
I open the door and call out, “I’m having a few guests over before then. Please make them feel welcome.”
Charlotte stops on a wide marble staircase and delivers the same tidy nod. “Yes, Sir.”
 As I head toward the shower, something calls to me from behind the large hearth. I walk down the band of windows with caution. I know it’s something I don’t want to see. Tucked in the corner is a reading room. The right wall— adjacent to the bathroom— holds books from floor to ceiling. A library ladder sits on a track in wait. 
Nothing seems out of the ordinary. 
Then, a leather-bound book summons me. I don’t want to go to it. I feel like a child who’s afraid of the dark. 
Despite my internal protest, my body moves closer. I walk between reading chairs and sit down. The album sits atop an antique trunk. It boasts the title Spare the Rod, Spoil the Child. Toxic suffering alters the air like diesel fumes. The torment that emanates is so dense I can hardly breathe. I watch my hand open the cover in slow motion. 
On the left page, the title is “Vanessa Gilchrist, the child- Age 13.” She’s in a ballerina outfit. With arms outstretched, she spins. Her hair, loose and long, floats like a full skirt. She’s smiling, her face tilted to the sky. The light in her eyes speaks of immeasurable joy. 
The right-hand page is titled: “Vanessa Gilchrist, the woman- Age 13.” It’s a black-and-white photo of her naked and crying. She’s begging toward the camera, her face contorted with raw emotion. 
My heart breaks for her. Yes, she’s become a monster, but she’s a victim too. 
Reluctantly, I turn the page. 
It’s Kim in equally horrifying images. I shake my head; can’t believe what some humans are capable of. I can’t look at any more. The last page is numbered 40. He’s ruined so many children, not to mention their families. 
I have to call Lynette. Opening Gilchrist’s phone, the screen saver takes me aback; it’s an image of a naked girl. I delete the picture, set dolphins as the default, then dial. 
“Hello,” she speaks quietly, must be in a public place. 
I go into the bathroom. “It’s Emma.” I sit on the lid of a toilet and slide a stall door closed. 
“Where… who are you?” 
“I’m Richard Gilchrist. And, at the moment, I’m in his bathroom.”
There’s a moment of silence.  “How does it feel to be evil incarnate?” Her therapist is showing. 
“Revolting.” I look at my hands, wonder how many violent flashbacks they’re in. “I found an album, as thick as a dictionary, filled with before-and-after photos of Gilchrist’s victims. It’s like he’s proud of it.” 
“Taking their innocence is equivalent to winning a trophy for him.” 
Lynette’s phone beeps. I can guess the caller. “Is it Lou?” 
She chuckles. “You know him too well. Hang on a minute. I’ll give him an update on our ‘trip’ and tell him I’ll call him back.” 
As she answers Call Waiting, I check out the stall. All the fixtures are solid gold. I push the bidet handle on the basin next to me. Water shoots up in changing patterns like a fountain show at the Bellagio. The money that went into this bathroom alone could feed a third world country. 
Lynette clicks back. “I think he’s pacified. I told him we’d be home tomorrow.”
I’ll be gone by then. She doesn’t seem concerned with that. Her life will return to normal, and I’ll be some loose collection of cells fighting with Mother about the fate of my soul. 
I push aside self-pity. “What’s going on?”
“Mike’s out of surgery, but hasn’t woken up yet.”
“Does Archer have Mike’s phone?”
“Yes. He knows to contact I.A. the minute Mike wakes up.” 
An idea, bordering on brilliant, floats to the forefront of my mind. “Joe’s the family lawyer right?” I open the stall door and pace the bathroom.
“Yes. What are you thinking?” 
“I’m Gilchrist; I have the authority to change anything.” I play with a towel folded into the shape of a swan. 
It takes her a minute to get it. “You wouldn’t!”
“I definitely would.” I make a list in my mind. “Have him bring Richard’s existing will, a new one, and notary stamp. I’m sure there’s a video camera here. ”
“You certainly know how to sweeten the lemon you’ve been given. We’ll see you soon.” 
After we hang up, I disrobe and step into a marble shower. Water shoots from three sides. Showerheads are placed at several levels starting at the ankle. Washing quickly, I step out and see myself naked in a full-length mirror. I’m strapping for my age; tall and lean. It’s hard to imagine me as a predator. I look like an older, blue-eyed George Clooney. 
There’s a knock at the door. Muffled by acoustics, I barely hear Charlotte’s voice. 
“I’ve placed a rack of clothes just outside the door. There are several options for your consideration.” 
I crack the door; startle her. “Might I ask for one more thing?” Water drips onto the floor. 
Charlotte’s eyes are cast down. “Of course, Sir.” 
“Have a video camera and tripod sent up.” I grab a towel from behind the door. 
“Right away.” She tips her head to the side.
After Charlotte leaves, I towel off, put on the robe, and step into the bedroom. There’s a rack of clothes holding several suits, shirts, ties, and pairs of shoes. She has also laid out three silver trays: one arranged with briefs, another filled with socks, and a third with handkerchiefs. 
I pick a black suit, light-blue shirt, and an Armani stripped tie. My briefs are silk, socks cashmere, and kerchief linen. Before changing I shave and brush my teeth. While applying Gilchrist’s aftershave and deodorant, I think about how many kids associate his scent with abuse. 
Once attired, I walk to the bedroom door. Charlotte is waiting outside in the hall, holding a small gold tray. 
“I assume you’ll be wearing the Vacheron Constantin.” She is referring to the watch on her tray. 
I pick it up, forget to be Gilchrist. “Sure looks expensive.”
“The last appraisal was $1.8 million.” Her expression is neutral.
I cough. “Well, that’s a very nice watch indeed.” I make a mental note to give it to her before day’s end. 
“You have excellent taste, Master Gilchrist.” She lowers the tray. “Allow me to show you to the conservatory. I’ll have your guests meet you there.” 
She leads me down a sweeping staircase with the fluidity of a ghost. Arriving at the bottom I look up. The cathedral ceiling is three stories high, white and trimmed in gold. An enormous crystal chandelier hangs above us. 
I stop in my tracks. The way it catches the light is breathtaking. It’s like there’s magic in every jewel. 
Charlotte stands in front of me. Her posture is so perfect she looks held up by a string. With shoulders set back she says, “You do love your Strass.” 
“It’s stunning.” I feel like a baby fascinated with a mobile. 
She moves forward, seems ready to get rid of me. 
I follow closely behind. Charlotte leads me through corridors, past countless rooms through a colossal kitchen, and out to the conservatory. A circular table sits in the center of a labyrinth with matching iron chairs. 
Charlotte gestures to the table: “A single soft boiled egg, wheat toast, grapefruit, and a Boilermaker.” 
I see a tall beer and a jigger of vodka. “Water will be fine. I’d rather stay sharp for the evening.” 
“As you wish.” Charlotte excuses herself and I walk to the table. 
Sitting, I lay a cloth napkin on my lap and look around. There are songbirds in a cage the size of a silo, housed in gold mesh. Behind the wire are Baltimore Orioles, Indigo Buntings, Yellow Warblers, and a Tufted Titmouse. 
I get lost in thoughts about: Mac and Kate, whether I.A. will show up in time, and my impending death. Changing my mind about the drinks, I slam the snit of vodka. Old habits die hard. 
Charlotte returns and puts my phone on the table. “You left this upstairs, Sir. I’m sure you’d be lost without it.”
The light is blinking. 
“Thank you,” I say absentmindedly, and look at the aviary. This time I don’t notice the birds, but rather an energy so vile I feel nearly burned by it. 
She says, “It may be best to hold off, Sir.”
I look at Charlotte and glance back to the cage. “You don’t think I should go over there?” 
“I’m just concerned about your time. You do have guests coming.” She takes my empty vodka glass. “This may not be the time to give into your urges... Sir.” She turns to leave. 
I have to know the truth, to see how awful Gilchrist really is. Walking to the cage I see a keypad and punch in Gilchrist’s birthday— 9231953.  
Nothing happens.
I realize my mistake and punch in: 09231953. Metal gears tumble. The floor to the cage rises slowly. Birds fly toward the top. A stairwell leads down into the dark. I feel for a switch; there isn’t one. As I step down, lights flash on; they’re governed by motion. The stairs and walls are mahogany. 
The lights awaken an odor. The smell is faint at first then quickly swells. My God. It’s the smell of old sweat and sex. I cover my mouth and nose.
My mind heaves, wants to back out of the room. I’m engulfed in static. I watch my hand grip the rail; my feet shake forward. Everything inside of me wants to withdraw, but I’m pulled toward the truth. 
Another light flashes on. 
I walk to the bottom. Patterns in the wood floor swirl to a large, round bed in the middle of the room. Most of the bedding is white except the bottom sheet, which is red. Wing-backed chairs surround the bed, as if for voyeurs. Several spotlights and cameras stand at-the-ready. At the other end of the room, home-theater seating is directed toward a large screen. A video projector is aimed toward it. Innumerable canisters of film, coiled in metal tins, are propped on their sides on shelves that maze the room. 
I don’t need to see anymore. Turning to run up the stairs, my head is buzzing, ears pounding. I saw a lot of bad things working for Child Protective Services, but never anything like this. My heart breaks for all of the kids affected by the monster I’m in. Running up the stairs, I can’t get out quick enough.
Charlotte is standing by the garden table. The fact that I’m panting and sweating disgusts me. I’m sure she’ll have the wrong idea. 
She ignores my condition. “Was your food a disappointment?”
“I’m… just not hungry. Are my guests here?” 
“They just arrived. Would you like me to escort them back?”
“Actually, have them meet me upstairs. We have some business to conduct.” I wipe my forehead with my handkerchief. 
Charlotte gathers the dishes. “Very well then.” She reaches for the beer.
“Leave it.” I guzzle half the glass and wipe my mouth. “Let’s go.”
We separate in the kitchen: her for the entryway, and me for the stairs. After entering Gilchrist’s room, I head for the photo album; have to know if Charlotte’s in there. Sitting down— on one of two red chairs— I reach for the photo album on the trunk and flip page after page of young victims— each named and dated.
Then, on page thirty-one and thirty –two, are images of a young African American girl. The innocence in the “before” photo is wrenching. She’s riding a bike— hands free— toward the camera, with a smile that could light up the night. It’s definitely Charlotte. Charlotte Seybold. 
The “after” photo shows her naked, on the floor, in the fetal position.
Not only should we take all worldly possessions from Gilchrist, but he should also lose every digit, be doused in gasoline, and set on fire in front of his victims. 
There’s a knock at the door. I close the book and bellow, “Come in.”
Charlotte appears and ushers in my “guests.” A man follows her and brings in the video equipment.
I meet Kate halfway across the room as she rushes to hug me. Charlotte’s eyes harbor a look of disdain for me that I’ve never encountered. She touches Lynette’s arm and says something under her breath. 
As Kate releases me, Joe crosses the room to shake my hand. “Nice to see you Richard. I understand birthday wishes are in order.” There’s a look in his eyes I can’t discern, like he’s searching.
Charlotte shakes her head and shows herself out, closing the doors behind her. 
I make eye contact with Joe. “What’s the matter, is it too hard to see me in this skin?” 
He lets go of my hand. “I don’t quite know what you mean.” 
“I think you’ll believe I’m Emma when we talk about the new will.”
He looks me over. “You certainly have my attention, no matter who you are.” 
Lynette moves past Joe and hugs me longer than usual, as if she’s saying goodbye. “It’s good to see you, even like this.”
I look down at her. “Don’t do that.”
“Do what?” She takes a step back, and looks up at me. 
“Make small talk when I know what you’re thinking.”
She starts to cry.  “This is all so hard. Mac’s in danger, Kate’s upset, you’ll be gone soon… and I’m just so damned tired; I can hardly function. I don’t mean to complain; your situation is worse than mine. And there’s not a damn thing I can do to hold onto you.” She pulls a tissue out of her purse to wipe her mascara.
“Seriously? What happened to ‘living in the present’ and me being a Bodi- whatever?” 
“Psychobabble bullshit.” Lynette blows her nose.
Kate laughs. “You must be tired, if you’re talking like that.”
“Listen, we don’t have very long until I have to leave for the party, so let me tell you about some things I found.” I tell them about the room under the aviary and the book of photos. “The victims names are listed in there. Archer and Mike can look into old cases to try and match them to these girls. If they were taken across state lines, it’s a federal offence. The FBI would get involved. Maybe they can find out where they went from here.”
Kate grabs my arm. “You don’t think he killed them, do you?”
I smooth her hair. “No honey. I think some of them might actually work for him— like Charlotte— and others may have been shipped out of the state or even to a different country.” 
Lynette says, “I agree. Gilchrist might be a pedophile, but he’s too stable— on a societal level— to be a killer too. Although there are exceptions to every rule. ” 
Joe removes a shoulder bag. “I’ve filled in the legalese on the new will. All you have to is fill in the blanks.” He hands me paper and a pen, then proceeds to set up the tripod. 
The rest of us go to the library room, where Lynette and I sit in the chairs and Kate takes a seat on the edge of the trunk. As I look through the will, I tell them how I’m going to change it. 
Kate smiles and says, “You’re not messing around.”
Lynette flips through the photo album. “If these girls left here and were dropped in a strange place— with no way to support themselves— they probably went straight into prostitution… or drugs.”
	“Or both.” I put the finishing touches on the will.
	Joe looks in. “Ready.”
“Definitely.” I hand him the paperwork. 
He smiles as he looks it over. “I wouldn’t testify that you’re Emma James, but I would certainly swear you’re not Gilchrist.” Joe hands the paperwork back, and points out the section I’m to read aloud.
Lynette closes the album. She and Kate follow me out of the reading room and stand next to Joe. I center myself in front of the camera. 
With tape rolling I begin: “On this day— September 23rd, 2012— I, Richard Gilchrist, being of sound mind and body do hereby revoke all previous wills and codicils. In an attempt to right the wrongs of my past, I do hereby bequeath all of my worldly possessions— including financial holdings, properties, and material belongings— to a new foundation for the victims of child abuse, neglect, and endangerment; to be named at a later date. Joseph Montgomery, will handle the legal aspects of this foundation, and Lynette McCollum-Hayes will be in charge of running the center.” 
She nods her acceptance of responsibility. 
 “Removed from this inheritance are all of my family members, including my adoptive daughters: Vanessa Montgomery and Kim…” I look to Joe. “Is this a typo?”
He stops the camera and stands next to me. “Where?”
I point out Kim’s last name. 
He smiles. “No… that’s right.” And goes back to filming. 
How could I not know her last name? I start from the beginning. “Removed from this inheritance are all of my family members, including my adoptive daughters: Vanessa Montgomery and Kim Khim— as their damaging actions toward children should afford them no reward.  I dispose of this property freely and willingly and am under no coercion to do so. A written copy of this addendum will be witnessed and signed by Joseph Montgomery and Lynette McCollum-Hayes.” 
Joe keeps the tape rolling as the three of us sign and date the new will.  
There’s a knock at the door. 
“Master Gilchrist, may I be of any service to you?” It’s Charlotte. 
I say one last thing into the camera. “In addition, I do hereby bequeath this watch to Charlotte Seybold, as a gift of apology to her for years of indentured servitude.” I hold up the watch to the camera, specify the brand and worth. 
Joe turns off the video camera. “That should just about do it.”
I holler to the door, “Be right there!”
Kate says, “It isn’t every day that you can give away a million dollar watch.”
“1.8 million.” I wink at her and head to the door. Stepping into the hall, I say, “Charlotte, I know I’ve been more than unkind to you in the past, and for that I do apologize. As a token of my remorse, I would like for you to have this.” I remove the watch.
She searches my eyes. “What’s come over you today, Sir?” 
“Let’s just say I’ve finally seen the error of my ways and am going to do everything in my power to set things straight.” I reach for her wrist. 
	Charlotte pulls away; her eyes challenge me. “That’s nice in theory, Sir, but it will take more than a watch to put things back together.” She sets her jaw. 
	“Let’s consider this a small beginning.” I drop the watch into her apron pocket and tell her we don’t need a thing. 
	“Your new driver will be here soon, Sir. Will your guests be riding with you?”
	I think about the possibility. “No.” Joe’s supposedly missing, and the Chief knows Lynette and Kate. “They won’t be attending the party.”
	There’s a nearly indiscernible smile on her face. “I didn’t think that was Master Montgomery’s type of thing.”
	I can’t help but smile. “No… definitely not.” 
	She tips her head and goes to the stairs. 
I close the door, and realize something. “I have to die.” 
	Kate puts her arm around me. “Maybe you’ll keep coming back. Remember… you said ‘anything’s possible’.”
	“No… I mean Richard Gilchrist has to die, otherwise the will has no meaning.”
	Lynette looks concerned and says to Joe, “Can’t you just hide this one from him?” 
	Joe shakes his head. “If a will’s constructed at a later date, it would supersede this one.” 
	
There’s a knock at the door. Without waiting for a response, Charlotte says, “The driver’s here, Master Gilchrist.”
I look toward the door. “What should we do about Richard?” 
“What do you mean do?” Lynette says, “We’re not going to do anything to him.” 
“No. Of course not.” I bite my tongue because Kate’s in the room. I think of something. “Would you excuse me? I just have to…”  
Lynette looks at me sideways. “Why do you suddenly have to go to the bathroom?”
“Prostate issues.” I head to the bathroom and callout “It’s like I’m hauling around a honeydew.” I shut the door behind me and look through the medicine cabinet. Nembutal, Xanax, Seconal. That ought to do it. I pour the pills into my pocket, and pretend to wash my hands.
Emerging from the bathroom I say, “Let’s get the party started.” 
Kate looks at me. “Can you hold your water until you get there, Grandpa?”
I put my arm around her. “If not I’ll just go beside the road.”
Joe puts the new will and the tape in an envelope, then we head downstairs. 
	As we show ourselves out, I watch the three of them get in Joe’s Mercedes. My driver holds open the door of the limousine but I hesitate before getting in. Sometimes the most inane moments stop me; seeing them drive away is one of them. I’m becoming less important.
	“I’ll be your driver for †he evening, Sir.” 
	I drift off as he introduces himself, and duck into the back seat.
As we head out, I watch telephone wires sway between poles against a grey sky. They look like tethers pulling me toward the end of my life. To distract myself, I start scrolling through Gilchrist’s phone. There are countless new e-mails, ranging from simple birthday wishes to million dollar opportunities. But one stands from the rest; it’s from Archer, sent a few days ago. Double-clicking on the message, it reads: “We need to talk.” 
I’m dumbfounded. Why would Archer be in contact with Gilchrist? And why wouldn’t he tell us? 
My phone rings; it’s Lynette. “Archer called to say that Mike’s awake. They’ve contacted I.A. and are coming up with a game plan right now.”
“Is there anyway to verify that?” 
“What do you mean… verify what Archer said?”
I tell her about the note. “Why would he even have Gilchrist’s e-mail address? It sounds like they know each other.” 
An extended silence precedes an awful truth: Archer has all the evidence. 
Lynette seems to get it at the same time. “If he’s working with… oh my God. We’ll have nothing on Gilchrist. They’ll be no ‘due cause’ to search his house.”
Muffled voices braid in the background. The phone shuffles. “Joe thinks we should go to the hospital.”
 “Good idea.” My heart is racing. The deck is shuffled again. And if Mike isn’t really awake, hasn’t contacted I.A., it’ll be me, a lawyer, a therapist, and a teenager trying to save a room full of kids from a house packed with pedophiles. “Hey… did you ever go to Archer’s house?”
“No, why?” 
I hear her moan. She knows why. 
“You’re going to sneak into a police officers house to steal evidence?”
“It’s not as if I can get into any more trouble.” I move the phone to the other ear. 
“Well, I can’t help you with his address; I was never there.”
I think for a minute. “Gotta go. Call me after you talk to Mike. And let me know where Archer is; I can’t break in if he’s home.” 
“Wait, what?...”
I hang up and tap on the divider glass. “Pull over.”
“Sir?”
“I said pull over. We’re changing direction.” 
“But I was told the party starts…”
“I don’t care about that right now. Just stop somewhere.”
The driver nods and pulls the car to the shoulder. 
Using the phone, I go to “Publicrecords.com,” type in Archer’s name, pay $2.95, and find his address. He owns a house in Parkville. Sticking my arm through the divider, I show the driver the address. “How long will it take to get here?” 
He types the address into the navigation system. “About twenty minutes.” 
“Make it fifteen and I’ll double your pay.” 
He shifts into drive, makes a U-turn, and accelerates so fast I’m forced back in my seat.
Soon, we’re stopped in front of a modern house with sculpted hedges. No police officer could afford a home like this, especially at his age. 
I text Lynette: Anything on Mike or Archer yet? 
It’s the worst time of the day to try and spy: early evening, and no lights are on. I take off my seatbelt and lean forward. “Do you have any binoculars?”
The driver looks in the rearview mirror at me and hesitates. “I do. But I’m not exactly sure how I feel about…”  
“Oh come on. You don’t keep them in the car to bird watch.” I put the phone down on leather upholstery. 
“No. But my surveillance jobs are strictly legal. I have a feeling your reason is somewhat ... questionable.”
Nice to see a guy with a conscience. “With God as my witness, it’s with pure intent.”
He turns around, makes direct eye contact. “Are you a religious man?”
I’ve never been asked such a thing so directly; makes me uncomfortable. “Why do you ask?” I scoot back in the seat, feel like a little kid. 
“If you’re not a man of God, than swearing to Him means nothing.” 
I have the sudden compulsion to chew my nails. “Then the answer is yes. Yes… I believe there’s a higher power. But, I don’t think that God is some old man in the sky, with white hair, draped in robes.” I can feel a babbling jag coming on. “I mean really… we’re supposed to pray to an Arian male? That’s ridiculous. And why would God choose to be old? Frankly my God wouldn’t have genitalia…or an intestinal tract. I mean that’s just gross.”
My phone lights up. Thank God; I was beginning to sound insane. It’s a text from Lynette: Just got to hospital, heading to Mike’s room. 
I look up from the phone. “Screw the binoculars. How about you go and knock on the door?” I flash him my best smile, forget that flirting may not be so effective in this body. 
“And why would I do that?” 
“For the same reason everyone does it… to see if anyone’s home.”
There’s a beat of silence. 
“…and I’ll give you a thousand bucks.” 
He raises his eyebrows. “That’s a lot of money to knock on a door. I’m not going to get shot, am I?” 
“Absolutely not. Girl Scouts honor.” I hold up three fingers. 
He shakes his head. “Your speech about God made more sense than that.” He opens his door, straightens his suit, and walks to Archer’s front door. Once there, he rings the bell. Nothing. After a minute or so he rings again. Nothing. He tries a third time, waits, then heads back to the limo and gets inside. 
He looks back at me. “Is it a good thing or a bad thing that no one’s home?” 
“Good.”
He tightens his mouth. “That’s what I was afraid of.”
I open the door and step onto the sidewalk. “Could you honk the horn if some one pulls into the driveway?” 
He nods. “Just don’t tell me what you’re going to do. Because if it’s illegal, I’ll have to stop you.”
“Why? Are you a Neighborhood Watch kind of guy?” I loosen my tie. 
He points to his nametag. “With a name like mine, I’m obligated to do the right thing.” 
I step closer to read it. “Your name’s Jesus?”
He smiles. “It’s pronounced Hey-Zues. But, it means Messiah in Spanish too.” 
I pat the top of the car. “That’s a big name to live up to.” 
To avoid being watched by Jesus— and anyone else in the neighborhood— I pass through the side yard to the back. I’m taken off guard by a team of people trimming the hedges. Trying to appear casual, I throw them a little wave. One of them approaches. 
The man bows his head. “What a pleasant surprise, Master Gilchrist. We’ve watered the plants inside and are almost finished out here. Is there anything else you’d like us to do?” 
Why in the world would he know me, and not be surprised that I’m here? Clearly they’re on my payroll. “Uh... no?” He’s been inside? I pat my pockets. “You know… I seem to have left my keys at home. Would you be so kind as to let me in?” I note his name tag. 
“Of course, Sir.” He opens a palm and gestures for me to lead. 
Going to the back door: “Remind me, Shinji… how long have you been doing work here?” 
“Let’s see… I believe you gifted the house to Mr. Carter in June of this year. That would make it… just over three months, Sir.” 
I want to punch Archer in the throat. “Yes, of course.” I step aside as he unlocks the back door. “Thank you so much.” 
“My honor, Sir.” He bows his head and backs away. 
As I step inside, I find myself in a contemporary kitchen with white porcelain floors, black cabinetry, and aluminum counter tops. I’m stopped by the sterility of the place. It’s as if no one lives here. When I walk into the living room, there is a slate fireplace on the left, in front of which is an L-shaped, white leather sofa, atop a handsome caramel-colored rug. On the right, a wall of water cascades down aqua tinted glass into a tidy box-well built into the floor. Again, no mess. No sign of life, except the foliage in torso-sized planters that guard the front bank of windows. 
I head to the staircase that’s open on the side and leads up from the front door. Something’s calling me. All of this perfection will soon be betrayed. 
At the top of the landing I turn left toward the master bedroom. The centerpiece is a raised platform bed atop glass block stairs. The bedding looks custom. I check the closet. Nothing: no clothes or shoes. The bathroom is equally bare. 
The next bedroom is also sparse, but in the bathroom off the hall I find a men’s travel kit. In it: a razor, toothbrush and paste, Axe deodorant, and an electric shaver. A frayed beach towel is draped over the double-headed shower stall. Feeling it, I find it damp. 
Going toward the final room, my stomach turns. Bile catches in the back of my throat; I swallow hard. What could be worse than what I’ve already seen? And it will be worse. 
I press down the handle and slowly open the door. The room is littered with the contents of Vanessa’s black box: pictures of his victims, passports, trinkets. I’ve already seen most of this. Why is my spirit terrified?  
A plain manila folder sits on the side table. My blood goes cold. Whatever’s in there is exactly what I don’t want to see. Avoiding the contents, I gather everything else and place each piece back in the box. The victim’s faces haunt me; seem to begging me to solve this thing. Soon the room is clear. I can’t prolong it any more; I have to know why I’ve been trembling for the last ten minutes. 
As I reach for the folder, I hear something. Jesus is honking. Looking out the window, I see Archer’s squad car pulling into the driveway, which runs along the hedges to the back. Tossing the folder in the box, I fumble with the latch, and heave it off the bed. It feels far heavier than when I lifted it as Joe. Rushing down the stairs, I hear the back door open, and freeze. 
Voices travel easily through hard-surface walls and floors.
I hear Shinji as if he were standing next to me: “You have a welcome visitor.” 
“What? Who?” The tension in Archer’s voice is evident. 
“Master Gilchrist. I showed him in about ten minutes ago.” 
Scrambling for the front door handle, I throw it open and run toward the limo. Jesus starts to get out. 
“No, No.” I scream to Jesus. I can hardly keep the box off the ground. “Keep it running!” Flinging open the car door, I throw in the box and crawl in after it. Slamming the door, I look back. Archer sticks his head out. “Go! Go!” I yell. Archer runs toward us as we speed off. “He’s going to try and follow us,” I say.
“Don’t worry,” Jesus says. “Losing people is my specialty.” 
As the driver zigs and zags his way through back streets and onto a freeway, I look at the box. 
“Should we head to the party now, Sir?” 
“Yeah, that’s fine. But don’t pull into the driveway until I know the time is right.” My phone vibrates; Lynette’s calling. 
“Nobody’s here.” Her voice sounds hopeless.
“What?” 
“Mike’s room is empty. The nurse thinks he took out his own IV. And we don’t know where Archer is.” 
“They’re probably both headed to the party. Archer knows I took the evidence, and I’m sure he’s pissed.” I unhook the latch on the box. “And it would take a whole lot more than a gunshot wound to stop Mike.” 
Lynette’s boots thud rhythmically in the background. “Did you find out how Archer and Richard know each other?” 
“No. But, Gilchrist gave him the house Archer’s currently living in.” I think back. “Well, kind of living in.” 
“What do you mean?” Something dings.  
I search my memory of his house. “There was only a towel, some toiletries, and Vanessa’s box there. There’s nothing in the closets and the rest of the house looked staged.”
“It sounds like he’s using it as an office.” There’s a whooshing sound.
“Why wouldn’t he want to live there?” I watch as the driver changes freeways. The moisture in the air changes; we’re getting closer to the river. 
“Psychologically, I’d say he’s rejecting the gift. And if he can’t bring the evidence to his ‘real’ home, that tells me he lives with someone who shouldn’t see it.” Car doors slam. 
“So… the jury’s still out about which side he’s on?” I lift the lid of the box. 
“I’d say so.” An engine starts. “We’re headed to Gilchrist’s beach house— be there in a few minutes. Where should we meet you?” 
I feel the smooth texture of the file I’ve been avoiding. “Behind the storage place, just before you cross over the bridge.” 
After we hang up, I take a deep breath and open the file. Nothing could have prepared me for its contents. The first photo shows a fit man from the back fondling a crying girl, in the next he’s performing cunnilingus, then he’s on top of her. 
I shut the file to avoid looking further, and direct the driver to the storage facility. Once there, I close the divider window between us. Every part of me knows the worse is yet to come. Breathing like I did in Lamaze class, I get light headed, then re-open the file. 
Paging through what I’ve already seen, I close my eyes before turning to new photos. Fingers linger on the edge of images that will surely stab my spirit. When I re-engage, I’m overcome. If I were standing, my knees would have buckled. Instead, I start gasping as if I’d witnessed my own child’s murder. I can’t catch my breath. 
It’s Joe. 
He’s having sex with girls that are no more than twelve. The pictures aren’t staged. He’s not passed out. He’s enjoying himself.
The sounds I’m making don’t seem human. Suddenly, I need to puke. Forcing open the door, I projectile vomit— partly on the door, then on gravel. 
I trusted him as much as Lynette. 
Clamoring out of the car, I crumble to my knees. Sitting back on heels, I bury may face in my hands and rock.  “Fuck, fuck, fuck.” 
Jesus gets out of the car. “Are you okay?” 
“Do I look fucking okay?!” 
He puts his hand on my back. “No Sir, you don’t. Is there anything I can…” 
I wave him off. “I’m sorry. Please… just leave me alone.” I put my hands on the ground to steady myself. Tell myself to breathe. 
Car tires grind gravel. Looking up, I see Joe’s Mercedes. I want to kill him. 
When they get close, I charge the car. I can’t even see Lynette and Kate; my eyes are trained on Joe. As they stop, I grab the door handle, yank it open, and pull him out. 
“You son of a bitch!” Closing my fist, I attempt to punch him in the face, but the assault is more like a closed fist bitch-slap. So embarrassing that I don’t know how to throw a decent punch.
Joes grabs my wrist. “Richard?” 
Kate gets out of the car. “Mom?!” 
Lynette races over. “What’s going on?” 
I ram my knee into Joe’s crotch. He drops his keys and doubles over. “What did I…?”
“You know what you fucking did. You’ve been in on this the whole time.”
Joe puts his hands on his knees. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“You’re a goddamn pervert, just like the rest of them.”
Kate looks heartbroken. “Is that true?”
Lynette touches my shoulder. “What did you find?”  
I don’t want to be graphic in front of Kate. “Pictures…of him… with girls.” 
Kate recoils. “You mean…”
“Yes, Honey, young girls.”
Joe tries to straighten up. “It’s not what you think.” 
I get in his face. “No. It’s not what I think…it’s what I saw.” 
Lynette’s mouth tightens. “Where are they?” 
I point to the limo. “In the back seat.”
Jesus opens the back door. He watches as Lynette pages through the pictures, puts them back in the folder, and returns to us— box in hand. Looking at me she says, “Get Kate out of here. I’ll handle Joe.” 
I’ve never seen her so resolute. Joe should fear for his life. 
Lynette picks up his keys. “Here’s what’s going happen.” She pops the trunk. “You’re going to get in, and I’m going to figure out why I shouldn’t leave you there until cadaver dogs discover your rotting, bloated corpse at the bottom of the river.” 
Jesus unbuttons his jacket and reveals a gun. 
Joe raises his hands. “Listen… this really is a misunderstanding.”
Jesus takes out the gun, cocks it. “You heard the lady.” He gestures toward the trunk. “Get in.” I notice the gun is the same model as Mike’s and wonder if Jesus is I.A.
Joe keeps his hands up, walks to the back of his Mercedes, and climbs in. Jesus slams the trunk and returns to Lynette. “You know how to use a gun?” 
She says, “I have five brothers. Of course I know how to use a gun.” 
Jesus makes sure the safety is on and hands the gun to her by the barrel. “This is just for your protection. I’m not encouraging you to take his life… especially with a gun that’s registered in my name.” 
Lynette nods. 
Kate says, “What are you going to do?” 
Lynette hugs her. “Nothing I’ll be ashamed to tell you about.” She heads to Joes car and turns around just before getting in. “Don’t worry about this. Just concentrate on Mac and the other kids.” 
I see her dialing her phone; can’t imagine who she’s calling. 
We watch as she drives off, hitting every pothole along the way. 

Jesus looks over at Kate and me. “I’ll just wait in the car, Sir.” 
I put my arm around Kate. “Are you okay?”
“I don’t know.” She buries her hands in the pockets of her sweatshirt. “It’s like I’m feeling everything and nothing at the same time.”
“I think that’s what they call sensory overload.” I rub her hair. “This has been hard on all of us. It’s like we’re in a mine field and don’t know where to step next.” 
“Or who to trust.” 
She must have been invested in Joe too. “I know… it’s hard to find out that someone isn’t who you thought they were… especially when we’re supposed to be ‘intuitive’.”
“Plus, Mac’s not safe and you’re…”
“And I’m…”
We look at each other and start laugh/crying. Soon, I hold her face in my hands. “Clearly there’s no good explanation for what I am— or what I will be— but that doesn’t change the fact that we’re in each others’ hearts forever.”
She rubs her nose on her sleeve. “Please don’t say, ‘You gotta have faith’; it just makes me think of that stupid George Michael song.” 
“What? That song was brilliant; even made your dad get up and dance like Elvis.” It feels good to talk about Cal; to remind myself that I used to know how to pick a good man. 
As we make our way to the limo Kate asks, “So… what’s next?”
“I guess I have a party to attend. And you may need to help me get the kids out of the basement… considering we’re the only two left.” 
I feel like my soul broke in two. Cal was the love of my life, but I truly thought Joe was the love of my after-life. As Kate said: I feel nothing and everything at the same time. 





 




  





 






Chapter Thirteen -  They All Fall Down 

As we arrive, Jesus gets out and crosses behind the car. I make sure Kate has my cell phone number. “Stay with Jesus until you hear from me. We have to be sure that no one sees you— especially Chief Lewis.”
Kate agrees and gives me a quick hug. “Good luck, Mom. I love you.”
Although the sentiment is touching, I wonder if that’s the last time I’ll hear my daughter say it. I touch her cheek. “…more than you could ever possibly know, Darlin’.”
Jesus opens my door. As I step out he asks, “Any special instructions about your daughter?”
I furrow my brow. “How do you know she’s my daughter?” He’s definitely I.A.
He shuts the door. “I’m sorry, Sir, I just assumed with the way you act toward her…”
I guy-smack his shoulder. “No need to apologize; she is my daughter. And I expect you to care for her the way you’d care for your own.”
He shakes my hand. “Absolutely, Sir.” 
“Oh… and I’ll need her help later. But until then, no one sees her and don’t let her out of your sight.”  I start to walk away, but remember to ask: “Do you have my phone number?”
“Yes, Sir.” 
“Please call me right away, so I know how to contact you if necessary.” 
He nods and begins to dial. 
My phone rings, but I silence it— thinking it’s Jesus, and head for the house. Before I can reach the porch, Vanessa opens the front door and rushes toward me. 
She kisses me on the mouth, too long. Besides the obvious revulsion of knowing she’s my daughter, I think of Joe. He’s been with her. 
“Happy Birthday, Daddy.” Vanessa gives me a hug. She’s in a chiffon dress, fur wrap and matching vintage hat. Wearing red lipstick, her look is straight out of the fifties. 
Kim follows her example in clothing and action. 
Chief Lewis approaches cautiously. “Sir, it’s an honor to share this prestigious evening with you.” He shakes my hand. 
I want to spit in his face. “Delighted you’re here. It’s good to know that my daughter has found an equal.” Someone equally repugnant. 
Vanessa’s jaw clenches. “We should go in. Dinner will be ruined if we wait much longer.”  She holds the crook of my arm, while the Chief and Kim trail behind us. 
Once inside, I see guests mingling in a sunken living room with all white finishes. A black piano sits near French doors that lead to a large balcony overlooking the water. A long black bar, on the left side of the room, caters to thick-waisted men who clutch highball glasses filled with varying shades of amber liquid. The few women who pepper the room wear floor-length gowns in gemstone colors, and hold stemmed glasses adorned with floating berries or pierced olives. 
Vanessa removes a glass of champagne from a waiter’s tray and tings it several times with the stem of her cigarette holder. The pianist lowers the level of his play as the murmur of the crowd settles. 
“Our guest of honor has finally arrived.” Vanessa holds out her glass. “Please join me in a toast for our chair head of NAMGLA.” 
Everyone stands and faces me, drinks in hand. 
The acronym takes me a second to place. Then it hits me… North American Man/Girl Love Association. I remember looking into them before. They’re a national group of men who openly desire young girls. 
A waiter carries a single cocktail on a silver tray toward me. “Henry IV Dudognon, as requested, Sir.” He bows slightly as I receive it. 
I slam it. Which is apparently not the thing to do. I find myself coughing something that tastes like whiskey, wine, and flan. I’d normally enjoy it if I weren’t reeling from the last few hours of information. 
I look to our left and see a hall, wonder if it leads to the elevators where the kids are. 
“It is with great pleasure that we celebrate my father’s sixtieth birthday. As his closest friends and family, I know you also wish my father continued health, wealth, and happiness.” She raises her glass. “To Richard Gilchrist, may you live another sixty.”
The room toasts to me before Vanessa makes another announcement. 
“Please join us in the dining hall. We’ll begin with salads and champagne.” She gestures to an opening on the right side of the room. 
As people begin ambling toward the dining hall, Vanessa turns to me. “We’ve got a special surprise for you later. I know you’ll be pleased.” She moves in close; grazing her breasts against me. “Anything you need from Kim or me before then?” She bites her lip and looks down at my crotch. “You seem a little stressed.”
I raise my eyebrows. “Are you offering me a blow job?”
She touches her hand to her chest and looks around. “You needn’t be so brazen about it. But, if that’s what you need…”
“No… that’s definitely not what I need. Especially from you… or Kim.” I glance around, trying to remember the floor plan from the architectural drawings. “I just want to get to the ‘gifts’.”
Vanessa smiles. “Of course.”

In the dining hall there are several round tables, formally set: white linen dressings, cherub ice sculptures, gold votive candles, and crystal flatware. A small bar is set up at the far end of the room, next to a stage with gossamer curtains. 
I count just over thirty people, some of whom I’m sure are related to Gilchrist. They look like Richard— tall, strapping, creepy. 
We wade through countless handshakes and “happy birthdays” until we arrive at a table front and center of the elevated stage. Vanessa leads me to my seat and sits next to me. The four other seats are filled by: Kim, Chief Lewis, an older woman and her much younger companion. A grandson, I’m guessing. An empty chair sits between Kim and me— must have been reserved for Mike. 
As I introduce myself to them, the woman says, “How ridiculous…introducing yourself to your own mother. And you met Collin at our wedding last week.” Her husband looks to be in his mid-twenties. The taste for much younger mates is a family tradition.  
As the tables fill in, waiters pour glasses of Louis Roederer Cristal Champagne and serve platters of escargot, trays of fine cheese, and plates of Beluga caviar. A violinist plays soft music in the background. With each cocktail the conversation increases in volume. 
I need to come up with a plan, but something tells me to wait. Now is not the right time to make a move. 
Out comes roast duck with a cherry port wine reduction, saffron rice, pumpkin puree, and mustard salad. Poking at my food with a butter knife, I can’t take a bite. Although this will be my last supper, eating seems vile. 
 I can’t wait any longer for a plan to reveal itself. I have to see Mac. “Will you excuse me? I need to use the men’s room.” Standing, I turn toward the living room. 
Vanessa takes my hand. “Why don’t you use the one over there?” She points to a hall at the right of the stage. 
“I need a bit more privacy.” I pat my abdomen. “Stomach issues.” 
“Oh…” She nearly giggles. “Don’t be long.”
I have to stall. “For a man my age, these things take time.”
I pass through the living room and follow the hall beyond several rooms. Near the end is an elevator. Taking a deep breath, I press the button and hope for the best. 
The door dings and opens at nearly the same time. Once inside, I see a monitoring camera and rip it off its cord. No one needs to know my every move. My heart pounds as I descend. I’m excited to see Mac, but don’t know who’s watching the kids, or the mental state everyone’s in. 
As the door slides open, I look around and see no one, just empty cots. Muffled sounds emanate from the photography room. I straighten my suit and head back. The kids are sitting in a circle, hand-cuffed together. Carlos and Paul stand immediately. Neither one seems to know what to say. The kids look equally intimidated.  
Smiling, I approach with my hands behind my back. “Good evening everyone.”
The men respond in kind. 
“Vanessa would be disappointed if I spoiled the surprise, so let’s keep this little visit to ourselves, okay?” 
They all nod in lobotomized agreement. 
“Paul, I’d like to have a chat with one of the kids.” I point to Mac. “Please take off his handcuffs and bring him to me in the other room.” 
His nostrils flare. “You’re just going to talk to him, right?” 
I realize he’s concerned for Mac’s safety. “Yes. You’re welcome to stay in a corner of the room to oversee us, but our conversation needs to be private.” 
When he removes Mac’s handcuffs, I direct my attention to Carlos. “If you so much as look at these girls the wrong way, I’ll castrate you with my bare hands. Got it?” 

As we make our way to the cot room, Paul stands by the red chairs in the hallway between Carlos and me. He’s keeping an eye on both of us. 
Mac turns to me as we approach the cot where he was previously held. He looks up and smiles almost indiscernibly. Before I can analyze his look, he grabs my arm and kicks me in the crotch with the force of a pack mule. 
I crumble to my knees and fight to catch my breath. It feels like my testicles were yanked out through my navel and tied in a bow. I don’t know whether to throw up or curl into a ball. 
Paul makes a noise like he’s stifling a laugh, then says, “Do you still want your privacy?” 
I wave him off and say to Mac, “Honey… it’s mom.” Gasp, gasp. “Looks like those karate lessons paid off.” I grab the side of a cot; try to catch my breath. 
He takes a step back. “Bullshit.” 
I crawl onto the nearest cot and curl into the fetal position. “I have absolutely no idea who you are right now— with the cussing and kicking— but… I love you more than you could ever possibly know.” 
His face changes, like he’s smelling rotting meat. “Gross… you’re the pervert?” 
Air starts to return to my lungs, but the nausea remains. “Trust me, it freaks me out too.”
“Where have you been?”
“Listen I only have a minute, but I’ll try to fill you in.” I re-cap: Mike’s been shot, is missing, and we don’t know if he’s contacted I.A.  Archer and Gilchrist are somehow connected to each other. Archer’s also missing and we don’t know if he’s working with or against us. Joe has been in on this the whole time and is probably still in the trunk of his own car. Dinner is going on upstairs with about thirty guests. And Kate is waiting outside with a limo driver named Jesus. 
He sits down on a cot across from me. “I hate to state the obvious here, but things aren’t looking too good.”
I hear something. It’s the elevator shaft. I look to Paul. “Guard the bathroom!”
“What?” 
“Just do it!”
He goes up the half flight of stairs and stands in front of the door where Mike’s I.A. badge is. 
I grab Mac’s hand and rush with him behind the supply table. Lucky we have to crouch because I couldn’t straighten up if I tried.
The elevator dings, doors slide open, and I hear the clack of heals on concrete. 
Vanessa. 
In the reflection of the glass cabinet at the foot of the room, I see her walking toward the photography room. I motion for Mac to get under the nearest cot, so she won’t see our reflection on the way back. Rolling under the cot where I was as Anna, I realize how long and short ago that was. 
Vanessa stops short in the opening of the room where the girls are. “Where’s the boy?”
Paul rushes down the stairs. “He just up here in the… bathroom, Ma’am. Don’t worry, I’ve got my eye on him.” He excuses himself and goes back up to guard the empty lavatory. 
Carlos doesn’t make a sound. Makes me think he’s aware of his own stupidity. 
“I just wanted to be sure everything is set for the presentation.” She inspects the girls. “Please bring them up the back stairwell in exactly ten minutes, and position them at the side of the stage. I’ll take it from there. Oh… and leave the boy down here. I think I’ll keep him for myself.” 
Carlos manages an: “Okay,” before she clacks back to our room. 
She pauses before pushing the button and I wonder if she can sense us. God only knows she’s familiar with her father’s scent. 
We lay stock still until she turns away, pushes the button, and ascends without inspecting the room. 
Mac and I ease back out and decide I should probably go. 
“I’m not sure of a plan yet, but just know I’ll get you all out of here somehow… even if I have to do it as Gilchrist.” I give him a hug, and notice Paul watching me. “For now, just go with the flow and keep the girls calm.”
We walk back over to Paul. 
“Don’t leave Carlos alone with any of these kids. Understand?” 
He agrees and leads Mac back to the photography room, while I make my way back upstairs…slowly, as I still can’t stand upright completely. 
It’s been too long since I last heard from Lynette. Checking my phone, I see that I’ve missed several calls and a text from her saying: “Call me!” I didn’t realize I turned off all the signals; just meant to put it on vibrate.
At the edge of the living room, I dial her number. “What’s…”
“Joe’s gone. He took the box.” She’s practically hyperventilating. “I don’t know what happened. I drove straight to my brother’s house, and when we checked the trunk, he…”
The front door opens. A late guest? 
It’s Archer. 
“Oh my God. Archer just walked in the front door… in plain clothes.”
“What about Joe?”
“Forget him for now.” I remember that she has a weapon “Just get over here, and bring the gun.” 
I hang up and walk toward Archer. Without knowing his connection to me, I choose my words carefully. “What are you doing here?”
“I’m here to wish my father a Happy Birthday.”
The color fades from my face. “What are you talking about?” 
“I told you we needed to talk. Do you think buying me a house is going to make me disappear?” 
“I… uh…”
“And I know what’s going on here tonight.” 
“Uh huh.”
“Take a good look at me.” He moves in so close I wonder if he going to kiss me. “Do I look like I’m half black and half pedophile?” 
I’m blindsided by the question. “Uh…?”
“What’s your name doing on my birth certificate? And who’s Charlotte Seybold?” 
Things start tumbling into place. Archer said he was adopted, Charlotte must be his mother— they have the same smile— that’s why he was looking into the Gilchrist’s for other reasons. 
“She works for me… as a housekeeper.” 
He takes a step back, seems to be surprised by my honesty. “How long has she ‘worked’ for you?” 
I want him to know the truth. “Since she was thirteen.”
Oddly, it looks like he’s turning to leave, until he spins around and cold-cocks me in the jaw. I hear something pop and wonder if he broke my face. Stumbling backward I try to find my footing, and grab my jaw. 
“Mother fucker!” He shakes out his hand. 
Odd and shockingly appropriate word choice. “Listen… I know you’re not going to believe this, but I’m trying to fix…”
“What’s going on here?” Vanessa walks toward us. 
I look to Archer. “He was just leaving.” I grab the back of his arm, lead him to the door. 
He clenches his jaw. “I’m not going anywhere until...” 
I look back at Vanessa. “Give us just a minute?” 
She looks Archer up and down. “How old are you?” 
Odd question. We both turn around. 
Vanessa looks like she swallowed a mouse. “Let me guess.” She growls. “You were born on June 18th, 1992. That makes you… twenty-one?” She motions a waiter over, takes a glass of champagne from his tray, then orders him out of the room. 
Archer yanks his arm out of my hand. “What else do you know about me?”
“That you’re lucky to be alive. Your mother traded her freedom for your life.” She takes a sip. “And if you play your cards right, we have a lot more than a house to offer you.” 
Archer laughs. “You think I want any of this?”
I remember that my power trumps Vanessa. “I’m the one in control of the money. If anyone is going to make an offer, it’s me.” I clench my jaw. “Now… I believe I asked you to give us a minute.” 
She crosses her arms and shrugs her shoulders 
I guess I need to be a little clearer. “You want back into the will? Then get the fuck out of here!” 
Her spine straightens. “Well I…” She turns and clacks back to the dining hall. 
Turning to Archer I say, “Listen, I’ve had a change of heart where the girls are concerned. If you come in, and join my table, I’ll tell you exactly when and how to get them out of here.”
“You’re so full of shit.”
I look at him. “If you really want to help those girls, there’s no better place for you to be than next to me. I’ll even let you keep the gun.” I felt it when I grabbed his arm. 
“Is this some kind of trap? Get me in there and then do what… kill me?”
“With what… a salad fork?” I see doubt in his eyes. “What if I told you that I know Mike Dupree is I.A. and Paul is a police informant, and I haven’t told anyone else about them?” 
“Why not?” 
“I told you. I realize the error of my ways and I want to set things straight.” I put my hand on his back. “You’re a police officer. It’s time to protect and serve.” 
“Wait.” He stands his ground. “I’ll believe you’ve changed if you tell me who killed Emma James.”
In the chaos I actually forgot about that. “I honestly don’t know. Let’s go find out together.”
We enter the dining hall as dessert plates are being cleared, and head back to my table I’m stopped short by a late arrival at our table. 
It’s Mike. 
I can’t imagine how confused he must be. One minute he was laying down for a massage and the next he was waking up in the hospital with a bullet wound in his leg. And what did he do for pants, if he left the hospital in the only clothes he had on?   
Mike glances at Archer and stands as I approach the table. He buttons his suit jacket. “Happy Birthday Mr. Gilchrist. I’m honored to be here.” He says honored like ah-ned. 
“I’m glad you could make it.” I gesture for him to be seated. “Especially under the circumstances.” 
He cocks his head sideway. “Sir?”
Richard wouldn’t know about his bullet wound. “I just meant that it must be hard to get away from your job.” I massage my jaw. It doesn’t feel as broken as my nether region. 
A waiter brings an extra chair to the table; I tell him to put it between Mike and me.
Chief Lewis whispers something to Vanessa, who then says, “Daddy, do you really think it’s a good idea to have Archer here? You know he can’t be trusted.”
I try to think on my feet. “Mike, you keep an eye on him. If he so much as looks in the wrong direction, you have my full permission to kill him.”
Archer glances at me. He knows Mike won’t do anything to him. 
“I don’t know, Daddy. I have a bad feeling about this.”
“Your feelings aren’t my problem.” I look around the table. “Tell me… which one of you killed Emma James?”
Mike leans forward. 
“She was going to ruin everything, Daddy.” Kim looks at me. “I did it for you.”
It was Kim?! “You did it?” I didn’t think she could kill a gnat. 
“I had to, she was on to us the minute she walked into the police department.”
Mike clenches his jaw.  He looks pissed as hell. He really was concerned for me? That’s why he kept telling me to, “keep my mouth shut,” in the briefing. He knew it was dangerous; he was trying to protect me. And Kim was in the hallway when I said I was going back to High’s. 
I’m struck silent. 
“Enough of this yammering.” Vanessa pulls a compact out of a clutch and powders her nose. “Let’s get to your gifts; I’m sure they’ll improve the mood.” She excuses herself from the table and walks on stage. House lights dim. 
Vanessa takes a microphone out of a stand. “We’re all here tonight to honor my father and celebrate his unique point-of-view. To that end, Kim and I have a very special surprise.” She puffs up with pride. “Our gifts should be satisfying for many years to come.” 
If my thoughts weren’t spinning, I’d be completely revolted by her choice of words. 
“As most of you can attest, Daddy appreciates pure, unadulterated flesh.” 
The crowd stirs. 
I notice Mike is watching the waiters as they serve a shot glass of something to each guest. Suddenly I know they’re not just waiters; they’re I.A. And while I’m glad they’re here for the kids. I can’t let them put Richard in prison.  
“Before we bring out— what I lovingly call ‘the variety pack,’ I’d like to propose a final toast.” She looks around the stage. “I seem to have forgotten my drink.” She waves it off and pretends to hoist an imaginary glass. “Here’s to you, Daddy. May you enjoy health, wealth, and happiness for many years to come. Everybody drink up.”
The room drinks in unison— except for Mike, Archer, and Vanessa. The drinks are laced with something. I know it with all of me. 
My phone vibrates. It’s Kate. She writes: “Lynette’s here. What should we do?” 
The voices of the girls echo in the hallway next to the stage. 
Mike looks at his phone. “If you’ll excuse me. I gotta take a leak.” He yanks Archer up by the back of his shirt. “Anywhere I go, you go, kid.”
The two of them head for the bathroom next to the stage. I know they’re going to get the girls out. But what about Carlos?
I hear a thud at the table next to me. A woman is face down in her key lime pie. 
Everyone is going to pass out soon. I have to get out of here. 
Shooting out of my seat, I get too much attention. “I… uh… thank you Vanessa. Now if you’ll excuse me…nature calls.” I hold my stomach, and rush out of the room. 
I text Kate as I rush to the elevator: “Girls coming out now. G go to basement for Mac.”
As the doors open in the basement, I see Carlos face up unconscious on the floor. Mac is handcuffed to his cot. 
	“We have to get you out of here before Vanessa realizes what’s going on.” I look around for keys. Find none. Shit, Shit, Shit!
	Mac sits up. “Are the girls going to be okay?” 
	“I think Paul and Mike had a plan to get them out of here. Archer’s with them too and the place is crawling with I.A., so it’s not them I’m worried about.” As I head toward Carlos I hear a pounding sound. It’s coming from the cellar door. 
Mac looks toward the door. “Who’s that?”
“I don’t know. But, I can’t let them in.” The pounding continues. My phone buzzes.
It reads: “We’re knocking. Where are you?” It’s from Kate. 
Shit. I head to the door at the foot of Mac’s bed and take off a shoe to prop it open.
Mac says, “Where are you going?”
“Kate and Lynette are outside.” I dash up the stairs and push open the door. Once they’re inside, I bring them to the basement. “You shouldn’t have come here. It’s dangerous.”
Lynette looks confused. “You said we should, ‘Go to the basement for Mac’.”
“I said I was going to the basement for Mac.” I look at my phone. Damn. “Typo.” 
Kate’s already on the other side of the room, hugging Mac like I’ve never seen before. “Are you okay?” She asks. 
He nods and bear hugs her back. 
Lynette goes to his cot, kneels down, and puts her arms around both of them. 
A flood of emotion cuts through me: love, jealously, fear, rage. Without warning, I begin to sob. I haven’t cried like this since Cal died. Bloated tears roll down my face, as I look for the meaning in all of this. Lynette notices first. Without words, she gets up and embraces me. Gently, she leads me to Mac’s cot, where I sit between him and Kate. 
“This must be terrifying for each of you. I know it is for me.” She kneels and sits back on her heels, like she’s addressing three toddlers. “Try to remember that this hurts so much because we love so much. I know it’s hard to understand, but if you felt nothing you’d be in much worse shape.”
I try to talk, but find my breath shuddering from crying so hard. 
Mac puts his free arm around me. “As weird as this all is, I’m glad you came back.”
Kate says, “Me too. You’re the only person I know who’s strong enough to cheat death.” 
I laugh through tears. “I’m so lucky you guys were… are in my life.” I pull out Richards handkerchief and blow my nose. “I just wish there were words to capture…”
The elevator opens. Vanessa steps out. She looks at us, then Carlos. “What in the hell is going on here? And who in the hell are they?” 
“I uh… they’re um…” I look to Lynette. 
She stands up. “We’re friends. Richard invited us over for…”
“My father doesn’t have friends that I don’t know about.” Vanessa walks to Carlos, bends down and takes a gun out of the holster on his chest. She looks at Kate, then Mac. “Let me guess.” She points at Mac with the gun.  “This is your baby brother. And Mom and Big Sis came here to be heroes. Wait… how did you know he was here?” 
Mac says, “I came out here willingly, remember? Of course my family would know where I was going.” 
I remember that night. “Why was Joe tasered if he knows all about this?”
She doesn’t seem to wonder how I know about that. “I didn’t want him ruining the girls before you got to them. He’s done that so many times before.” 
Lynette starts to move. 
Vanessa cocks the gun. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you. Unless you want to watch your precious little boy die right...” 
Lynette cuts her off. “He’s not my son. Both of these children belong to…” she gestures to me. “Her-m.”
Vanessa laughs. “That’s what you are? A fortune hunter… who likes to drug my guests.” 
Lynette stammers. “No, I…” 
“How much did she ask you for, Daddy? Seven or eight figures?”
I hear something; a sound I’ve never heard before. It’s like we’re inside a washing machine. 
Vanessa cocks her head. 
Somebody bursts in through the door at the foot of Mac’s cot. It’s Joe. “Do you hear that?”
Vanessa puts her hand on her hip. “What the hell are you doing here? I thought you’d be playing with your new ‘toy’.” 
Joe looks panicked. “Helicopters are circling the place. We need to get out of here.”  
Vanessa looks rattled for the first time. “What?! What are we going to do?”
“I can get us out of this. I’ve got a car right outside.” He reaches for her. 
“Not so fast.” Vanessa looks at Mac. “I think we need a little ‘insurance’.” 
“Leave them. We’ll be fine.” Joe yanks me up. “C’mon. You’re coming too.” 
Vanessa is taking Carlos’ keys out of his pocket. 
Joe yells, “I said to leave them. We have to go!”
Vanessa rolls her eyes. “When have I ever listened to you?” She unlocks Mac’s handcuffs, positions him in front of her, and puts the gun to his head. “Just follow him and don’t do anything stupid.”
As Joe pulls me to the door, I look back at Kate and Lynette. “Don’t worry about Mac. I’ll take care of him.” Going up the stairs, I call down, “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
That’s the last time I’ll see them. 
Vanessa and Mac get in the back; I take the front passenger seat. When Joe gets in, I ask, “Where are we going?” 
“Don’t worry about it. Just let me take care of everything.” He speeds out. 
After we turn down a couple of roads, Joe pulls into muddy tree-lined driveway and gets out. “I just need a minute.” He goes to the back of the car and opens the trunk.
“Can’t it wait?” Vanessa looks disgusted. 
Joe shuts the trunk, opens the back door, and tells Mac to get out. 
Vanessa scoots to Mac’s side of the seat and looks up at Joe. “What the hell are you doing? He’s our ticket out of here.” 
Joe grabs her wrist and yanks the gun out of her hand. “No. He’s a kid who shouldn’t be involved in this.”
I start to get out. 
Joe looks at me. “You’re just going to make it worse.” He pushes my door closed.
In a panic, I roll down my window. “What are you going to do to him?”
“I’m going to make sure he gets out of here in one piece.” He hands Mac his phone and a jacket that looks exactly like the one I gave Mac for his birthday. “In two minutes, call Lynette and tell her where you are. You know how she worries.” He tousle’s Mac’s hair. 
“Why are you doing this? I thought you were a complete asshole.” Mac puts the phone in a pant pocket and puts on the jacket. 
Joe looks at me. “Is he allowed to talk like that?”
“Uh…” Joe’s behavior makes me wonder if boys are treated with respect in this group.
“Be good, kid.” Joe walks to the driver’s side of the car and gets in. Looking at me, he says, “Aren’t you going to say ‘the thing’?”
I furrow my brow. “The thing?” 
“You know… I love you more than…”
How would he know about that? I look to Mac, and reach for the door handle.
Joe puts his hand on my arm. “Please don’t get out. Just say ‘the thing’ and we’ll go.” 
Mac looks so young. So innocent. I just want to go back in time; relive every moment with him. “I love you more than you could ever possibly know.”
Mac looks like he’s going to cry.  “Me too, Mom. I’ll miss you.”
As Joe pulls out, I watch Mac get smaller, and smaller until he disappears from view. My grief implodes and my body goes numb. 
We head down familiar roads, toward the bridge, as helicopters circle above.
“This is your plan? To take the only road out of here?” Vanessa tidies her hair. “You know there’s going to be a blockade.” She pulls her jacket straight. “This is exactly why I’m divorcing you. You’re a moron. Right Daddy? That’s what you’ve always said.”
I don’t have time to respond.
Joe stops the car. “No. My plan is to make you get out of the car, so you can be picked up by federal agents. After that, I’m going to be sure that Richard’s Final Will and Testament leaves you nothing.” 
Any bravado that Vanessa had left drains from her face. I can see the little girl in her. Finally, I realize how victimized she’s been her whole life. She was molded to be the criminal she’s become. 
Joe looks back at her. “I hate to be an ass, but I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” 
I don’t know what game Joe’s playing, but I bet that he’s figured out how to take all the Gilchrist money and get away scot-free. He took the box. There’ll be no evidence against him.
He shows her the gun. “You can either get out on your own accord, or I can…”
“What? Kill me? You may as well do it. I’d rather be dead than spend the rest of my life in a prison cell.”
Joe smiles. “I’m not going to kill you. Maybe you’ll find your soul in prison.” He points the gun at her. “But I’m not afraid to wound you if it’ll get you out of the car.”
Vanessa gets out and comes to my open window. “Why are you letting him do this, Daddy? I won’t be with him anymore, just like you told me. The girls will only be for you.” 
Joe pulls away, as Vanessa paws at the car. 
I suddenly realize that’s why she was kicked out of the will; Gilchrist didn’t want to share anything. Not his daughters and not ‘his’ girls. Joe crossed the line on both fronts. 
I glance at Vanessa in the side view mirror and says to Joe: “You’re truly a pig, you know that.” 
He laughs. “I’m well aware of Joe’s character. He’s just as unsalvageable as Gilchrist.”
I look over at him. “Why are you speaking in the third person?” 
He pulls over and looks deep into me. I get the same feeling I had when we first met. It disgusts me that I feel love for such an awful person. 
As if he can hear my thoughts he says, “I’m not awful. Joe’s awful.”
A shiver runs down my spine. I wonder if he has multiple personalities. 
“I don’t have a personality disorder.” He smiles at me. “Guess again.”
Whoa…what the hell’s going on? 
“What’s the matter, Emma? Can’t you see me in here?” He leans in closer. 
My stomach shrinks. “Dad?”
He laughs. “Emma… we slept together.”
I look at him and start to cry. “Oh my God.” I cover my mouth. “Cal?” 
“You didn’t think you were the only body jumper in the world did you?” He brushes my tears away. “I’ve missed you, Doll.”   
How could I not recognize his touch? “You must hate me.”
He laughs again. “Because you slept with Joe? Please. I picked someone irresistible.” 
I can’t help but laugh. “You picked someone with a full head of hair… for yourself.”
“Can you blame me?” He runs his hands through Joe’s waves. “He’s got super-hero hair.”
I shake my head and smile. “Wait… you can pick who you want to be, and stay there as long as you’d like?”
 He touches my cheek. “I know you want to come back for the kids. I do too. But, we can only return if we’re chosen. As in life, our job is to ‘protect and serve’. To serve may be the bigger challenge.” 
I want to ask him who decides my fate. If it’s my mother, I’ll…
“It’s not your mom. She’s just a messenger— paying a penance of sorts— until you forgive her. Maybe you could try to see her in a new light. Her spirit is great without that brain she was given.” 
My knee jerk response is never. She can stay in limbo forever, for all I care. But, the child in me wants to know her. To love her. And to be loved back. 
I shift in my seat. “Wait…why didn’t you tell the kids who you were?”
“Without consulting with you?” He smiles at me. “I know better.” 
A siren cries in the distance. I know what has to happen now. “How should we do it?”
He looks at me. “Kill Richard?”
I recoil. “When you say it out-loud like that, it sounds wrong. I mean… isn’t killing people some kind of ‘mortal transgression’?”
“Richard and Joe aren’t people, Emma. They never were.”
I don’t want to know what he means. Don’t want to think— for the sake of the kids, all kids— that pure evil can reside in people.
	The sirens grow closer. Cal looks across the bridge. “It appears that we may be pressed for time. So… the pills in your pocket are out. That leaves me shooting you or driving us off the bridge.” He winks at me.  “Which would you prefer?”
	I look out at the two hundred foot drop to rocks below. “Really… those are my choices?”
	There’s love in his eyes. “It won’t hurt a bit. Trust me.” He takes my hand and revs the engine. “Ready?” 
Wide-eyed, I look at him. “Are you really asking me if I’m ready to drive off of a cliff?”
He laughs. “You’ve been shot enough. I thought you might like to try something new.”
I brace myself. “Do what you’ve got to do.” My final thought is: I love you...
“More than you’ll ever know, Doll.” He grips the steering wheel and gases it. 
After the screams and before fatal impact, there’s a moment of silence. I wonder if this is the end of me. 
I’m pulled out of panic when I hear Dad’s familiar chuckle.  “Not until all the bad guys float past the moon and disappear forever.” 


Surrounded by stars, I float. A warm, dark ocean with pinholes of light carries me…
