Sex on the Beach

Beach Reads series

By Cherie Denis and Missy Lyons

Copyright © 2011 by Cherie Denis and Missy Lyons

Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved

Smashwords Edition License Notes

Sex on the Beach is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Sex on the Beach may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Sex on the Beach
Excerpt:

If he hadn’t seen the tiny strap at the top of her waist, he’d have thought she was nude.
Before he could say a word, she lifted her face and smiled up at him. Harry’s guts tied into a knot. She knocked the good sense right out of him. He smiled and cleared his throat. “Um…Uh,” he stuttered.
“Hello,” she said and his knees buckled.
He took a step forward and fell face first into a large, deep, rocky tidal pool. He panicked as he tried to stand up too quickly. Water sprayed her and he lost his footing again before his face went under. He rolled and tumbled before coming to the surface quickly, spluttering. God, what an ass. Could he be more of a dork?
Way to make a good first impression…
Her tinkling laughter rang in his ears.
“What’s so funny?” he asked before spitting dirty water on the sand.
She covered her mouth to stifle another giggle, “You have seaweed on your head. Makes you look like you have puppy ears.”
Harry reached up and removed the piece of seaweed but soon completely forgot about his accident. The tie on her top seemed to have become unraveled as she ran to help him.
Sally’s bikini top had fallen halfway off leaving her breasts completely exposed. “Holy mackerel,”

Praise for Cowboys Don’t Dance

Missy Lyons and Cherie Denis make a great writing duo. I hope they’ll write more together and I’ll be at the head of the line waiting for it. Cowboys Don’t Dance is a fantastic read!"-Dark Divas Reviews

"Cowboys Don’t Dance is a fast paced erotic story. There is a bit of misunderstanding, hot dance moves and realization of mutual attraction. I found this writing duo could write a super steamy scene but at the same time still keep some humor going throughout the book. I will not hesitate to pick up another story written by this duo."-Joyfully Reviewed

Praise for Lynne’s Love Triangle

Even with sizzling sex, the emotional bonds between them is absolutely divine. So if you’re looking for a sizzling hot menage book with great emotional depth, Lynne’s Love Triangle is definitely for you! Another book added to my keeper’s list!"-Dark Diva Reviews

Sex on the Beach
First published 
December 2011
Print Edition Hot Tropica Books

Copyright © 2011 Missy Lyons and Cherie Denis
Cover illustration copyright © Missy Lyons

ISBN 13: 978-1470158545
ISBN 10: 147015854X
ISBN: 9781301198634

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system-except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a magazine, newspaper, or on the Web-without permission in writing from the publisher.
All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. They are not even distantly inspired by any individual known or unknown to the author, and all incidents are pure invention.
Published by: Hot Tropica Books, P.O. Box 18, Manchester.TN 37349


Dedication

Fear has been my worst obstacle to getting published. Fear of failure, fear of rejections, fear that settles in the pit of my stomach and doesn’t like to let loose its hold.
However the road I travelled was filled with friends and people who understood my fears and how to overcome them. I could not have done this alone. I needed my friends and my support system.
I can’t tell you how happy I am to have met my friend Cherie, and to become a writing partner with her. Thank you for your friendship, your advice and your patience.

Missy

I have to say a huge thank you to Missy for all her encouragement. Without her help, I’d still be writing and putting my books back on my shelves to linger. She is a wonderful partner.
Like Missy I’ve traveled many roads. Some full of tragedy and some filled with hope. Funny how all those roads finally lead to a career as an author.
I can never thank my darling husband enough for his love and support. He is my rock.

Cherie

Previous Works by Missy Lyons

A Warrior’s Woman
Beach Bound
Bareback on the Beach
Beach Bound
Blood Ties
Boyfriend for Hire
Bound by Desire
Closing the Deal
Cowboys Don’t Dance
Cowboys Don’t Sing
Dragon Heat
French Kiss
Gold Fever
Heart of a Cowboy
Lynne’s Love Triangle
Naughty or Nice
One Touch One Glance anthology
Straight Up
The Frog Prince
The Rapture
Weekend Getaway
Previous Works by Cherie Denis

All the Time
Bad Blood
Bareback on the Beach
Beach Bound
Busy
Cinnamon
Cowboys Don’t Dance
Help Me
Kiss Me Baby
Let
Lord High Incubus
Lynne’s Love Triangle
Sin
The Golden Find
The Naughty Succubus
With this Ring


Sex on the Beach

Chapter One


“Welcome to the Romance Connection! Where love stories come true every day and dirty little secrets love to come out and play!” The beautiful blonde game show hostess walked down the stairs pulling up the hem of her sequined dress so as not to trip on the flashy material. The camera loved her, but it didn’t do her justice. She was much more seductive in person with that low-cut neckline and engaging smile.
“So, tonight we have Harrison Ford and his match Madeline Newton after their first date last night.” The hostess tipped her microphone towards Harrison’s date sitting on the couch next to him. “So, Madeline, how’d it go?”
“Oh, well you know how these things are. It takes time to really get to know a guy.”
Harrison did his best to not grind his teeth. Last night had sucked as far as a first dates go. The woman had been ice cold to him all evening. She’d even ducked when he tried to kiss her goodnight. If this was the way things were going to be in the future, he was not looking forward to a trip with her to Hawaii. A whole week with her in the same hotel room would be torture. Personally, he’d rather get all his teeth pulled without pain killers. “I guess it went okay, but I’m looking forward to learning more about Harrison on the islands.”
Madeline turned and played along the row of his shirt buttons. Her deft fingers traced the line of buttons before lingering near his neck. Harrison wanted to push her hands away, but refrained. He knew she was just doing it for the cameras. This was the most she had touched him.
Ever.
“Well that will be up to our bachelor as to whether you win the $50,000 and take the trip to Hawaii together or not. He could always go alone and meet his dream woman there. Did you have fun last night Harry?”
He refrained from rolling his eyes, but it wasn’t easy. “I guess.”
He hadn’t had any fun, but he knew how this game worked. If he stayed with the girl chosen for him, together they could split the money and get to go on a vacation with each other, or he would get a consolation prize and go on the trip by himself.
“Let’s play a clip back for our audience and see if he’s telling the whole story.” The hostess smiled widely as if she knew a secret neither of them shared. The lights dimmed and a huge screen behind them began playing a clip of them having ice cream.
Harry shuddered. That was a particularly dreadful moment of their date he wished he could forget.
Yeah, he had tried to be smooth and put his arm around her shoulders in the ice cream parlor. He was only being a typical man, testing the waters.
She threw his arm off and snarled, “What do you think you’re doing?”
Damn.
The six foot tall television screen made every emotion on Harrison’s face evident. It was embarrassing to see the shock and hurt on his face when she rejected him. That was the moment he realized he was face to face with a true ice maiden.
His past experiences had taught him ice maidens were all the same. They were almost always drop-dead gorgeous. But, like a poisonous plant they were pretty to look at, and deadly to the touch.
He tried not to date women who were too gorgeous. The one time he had in college, she’d tried to use sex to get him to do what she wanted. It sucked to be used strictly for sex with no love attached. He wanted more in a woman than a sexy package.
“Just trying to keep you warm.” Harry watched himself shrug off the rejection on the big screen. He had tried not to show any emotion, but it stung then and it still did.
“Yeah well, keep your hands to yourself next time, buster.” Madeline then turned her head away and looked out the window, avoiding eye contact. She wasn’t interested in him.
Harry watched when her pretty pink tongue slipped between her lips to lick her cone. A sexy move that had left Harry feeling cold and lonely.
The rest of the night, he’d kept his hands to himself.
The screen blacked out and the lights suddenly became brighter.
Harry’s tummy did a flip-flop and he wanted to empty the contents of his stomach.
“Looks to me like a fun time was had by all.” The hostess remarked sarcastically. Turning toward the audience she remarked, “Audience, get ready to make your vote but before you do, you need to know all the dirty little details. One of our contestants is not telling the whole story.”
Harry had told everything to the producing execs. So it had to be Madeline who was hiding something. He crossed his arms and looked expectantly at her across the couch.
The hostess grinned and looked straight at Madeline. “Come on, sweetheart. Is there something you want to share with us?”
“No. I like Harry. It just takes me a while to warm up. That’s all.” She smiled brightly and shifted in her seat. The move raised Madeline’s mini skirt an inch higher giving the camera, and audience, a nice view of her smooth right thigh. “I can’t wait to go for walks along the beach in the moonlight with my new honeybunch. He’s so sweet. How could I resist him?” Madeline gave the audience a huge smile, flashing her straight, bright white teeth.
“You might want to tell him about your other sweetheart? Or, did you plan on taking him along too?”
Madeline’s face turned ghost white. “What?”
“You know? The other guy. The one you were making out with just after your date with Harry?”
“Oh, no.”
“Oh, yes!” The hostess’s face lit up with the secret finally revealed. “Let’s roll the tape for our audience.”
The lights dimmed again. Harry was relieved, because no one could see his reaction to the news. His belly clenched in pain as if he’d been hit in the gut by a baseball bat. No man wanted to be made a fool of—especially on national TV.
Yet, the huge screen showed him giving her an innocent kiss on the cheek at the end of the evening. Words rolled across the bottom of the screen telling the time and it wasn’t ten minutes later when another guy rolled up on a motorcycle. He flipped his long legs over the bike and met Madeline in the middle of the lawn where he picked her up.
His kiss wasn’t anywhere close to innocent. He deep throated her with his tongue and his hands went up her skirt. His mouth never left hers as he swung her up in his arms and strode into the house as if he owned it. There was no question what was going to happen after the door slammed shut.
The lights returned to normal and beat down on Harry. This time their heat made him perspire.
Madeline had been caught in the act. Her face was beet red, and Harry was sure it wasn’t from the lights.
“I can explain, Harry.” Madeline leaned forward to put a hand on his knee, but he pushed it away.
“We certainly hope so.” The hostess sneered. “I’m dying to hear your explanation. It has to be interesting.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be single when you go on this show?” Harry just couldn’t believe what he’d just witnessed.
“Technically I am. He’s married to another woman.” She looked at him with wide blue eyes. Harry almost felt sorry for her, but damn, how stupid did she think he was, not to mention the audience?
He shook his head and rolled his eyes.
Why the fuck had he agreed to go on this stupid show in the first place? It should be easier to meet a good woman. Wasn’t it true women outnumbered men? His odds had to be good. Why couldn’t he find someone? He’d been looking for the woman of his dreams since high school. Where was she?
One thing for sure, it wasn’t going to be Madeline.
“Oh, this just keeps getting better and better, doesn’t it?” The hostess turned to the audience. “Now it’s your turn to tell us what you think. Audience press one if you think Harry should take Madeline, the swinger, to Hawaii and split the $50,000 with her. Press two if you think he should take his chances and go alone. Or, press three if you think he should send her to Hawaii with lover boy.”
“Harry, let me explain.” Madeline pleaded in a soft voice.
“Yeah, you had your chance.” Harry snapped. “When were you going to tell me about this other guy? Were you going to wait until I put a ring around your finger?”
“It’s not that simple. We have been off and on again for a long time. He was fighting with his wife. Chad just wanted to be around someone who understood him. Nothing happened.”
“Nothing happened? You have got to be freaking kidding. That kiss was not a nothing happened kiss. How stupid do you think I am?”
She didn’t have time to answer.
“Okay. The votes are in! Harry, are you ready to make your decision?” The hostess’s perky sing song voice grated on his nerves.
“Yes, ma’am.” He muttered. Harry was more than ready for this to be over with.
“You’re not going to wait to hear what the audience wants you to do?” The hostess lifted one delicate eyebrow.
“Well, since you went to the trouble to take a vote, you might as well go ahead. But I don’t think it will change my mind.” He crossed his arms defensively. He hated being told what to do and no one was going to tell him who he had to date.
The hostess turned to the big screen and numbers lit up. “Ah, this is great! Thirteen percent think you should let the other guy tag along. Although I am not sure what his wife will think about that…”
“Maybe good ol’ Chad should take his wife on the trip with him and work on getting their marriage back on track.” Harry’s sarcasm wasn’t lost on the hostess.
“That wasn’t an option, Harry. Sorry. Thirty-three percent think you should take the trip by yourself and fifty four percent think you should take the money and the trip together. Maybe you can work out your little lover’s quarrel in Hawaii.”
“Harry, please! I need that money.” Madeline whispered and nudged his arm.
Harry ignored her. The decision was up to him. He could give a rat’s ass about her stupid love triangle. He didn’t want to be in the middle of her lies and deception. It was one thing if you agreed to see other people, but they had no such agreement.
“Well, it’s time to make your decision, Harry. What would do you want to do?” The hostess held the microphone to his mouth expectantly.
Harry hesitated for a moment.
The audience screamed and yelled. Everyone was saying something different. “Take the money.” Some really loud guy screamed, “Leave the bitch here.” He couldn’t make out all the words but in his heart, Harry had already made up his mind. He didn’t want to spend another five minutes with this lying woman. And, he sure as hell didn’t want to be trapped alone on an island with her for the next fourteen days. He certainly didn’t want to see her get the money even if he had to give it up.
“I’ve made up my mind. I’ll be going to Hawaii...alone.” Harry affirmed.
“Really?” The game show hostess raised a pretty, delicate eyebrow. “You understand you won’t see any of the $50,000 if you stay a bachelor?”
He stared at Madeline. “For some reason, the money doesn’t seem to matter anymore. I’m going alone and that’s my final answer.” His decision was final.
Madeline held her hands to her face and began wailing.
“Well, congratulations on your trip Kauai, also known as the Garden island of Hawaii, where you will spend fourteen nights and sixteen days trekking through the forest with a mountain guide. On your final leg of the trip, you will relax at the fabulous Ono Kona Resort and Spa. Hopefully, you will meet the love of your life there.”
The hostess looked directly into the camera with the red light on top and said. “Thanks for watching the Romance Connection where one night can lead to sizzle or just fizzle.” The hostess stared at the teleprompter, a smile plastered on her face as the audience clapped and hooted.
“Cut. That’s a wrap.” The producer shouted. The cameras cut off. People began clearing the stage and leaving the set.
“How could you be so mean to me?” Madeline asked tears rolling down her cheeks. “You humiliated me in front of America and I needed the money.”
So that’s it. She must have come on the show just to get the money. It wasn’t about finding romance or true love. Suddenly Harry was happy he wasn’t saddled with her.
“It’s not about you or the money.” He got to his feet and turned his back on her tear strewn face. “I came here to find a woman to love.”


Chapter Two


Harry grumbled as he pulled himself up the last rocky protrusion and planted his butt on the peak. It wasn’t exactly comfortable, but he was tired and crabby. His guide had been giving him grief all day about his name and the six hour hike into the rainforest wasn’t helping. Harry had explained until he was sick of hearing his own voice about how much his mother loved movies and had a strange sense of humor.
Just because their last name was Ford and Mom had a crush on Harrison Ford, he’d been named after the actor. He’d been told he was a cute kid, but he had a tough time living up to the name all his life.
Where was Willy? Harry had stomped off after the last crappy joke Willy had made about his name and he assumed the guide was right behind him. Well ass, that’s what you get for assuming. He was in a terrible mood. Eventually he was going to learn to listen to his guide and stick close to him.
Harry searched the surrounding outcropping of rocks, trees and bushes.
No Willy.
Shit.
Who knew his tough, cigar-smoking, dirty-mouthed guide didn’t like being walked away from when he was giving someone a hard time.
He was tempted to holler out his own name and see if it echoed. If nothing else, it would bring Willy running, wherever the bastard had gotten himself off to.
Harry stared out toward the east and realized he was only about two hundred yards from the most pristine beach he’d seen in all his travels. At the moment the beach was empty, the clean white sand raked into perfect swirls to resemble a Japanese Zen garden. The coral reef was visible through the sky blue waters and the protected cove looked like it would be a wonderful place to snorkel or just relax. Several lace-like leafed trees and three palm trees nearly blocked his view, but what he could see was almost too beautiful to be real.
Postcard perfect.
The sky was an unusual shade of bright blue with white cotton ball clouds dotting the sky. It reminded him of a scene from CSI: Miami, but he was nowhere near civilization. He was just a speck on some tiny island in the middle of the ocean, an island which happened to be hundreds of miles from the nearest island and thousands of miles from the mainland.
It was a place he hoped would clear his mind of the debacle of the game show and help him recover his sanity over the loss of his once-loved wife, Marta. Getting over Madeline was going to be easy—she was a real loser.
The hard part was going to be getting over his wife’s death, especially when the man she’d been with that night was his brother Gerald.
Harry still felt the sting of knowing he had loved Marta with all his heart, but she’d been in love with his freaking brother. There was no justice. According to everyone who had claimed to be a friend, the affair had started right after their marriage.
He had been so in love and blind he’d never realized he was a third wheel.
One night while Harry was working, Gerald and Marta went out on one of their secret rendezvous. They were on the Highway 109 and something caused them to turn around suddenly. A big rig broadsided them while they were in the middle of the u-turn. Marta had been killed instantly, while good ol’ Gerry had suffered a lousy broken arm and a minor case of amnesia.
Gerald Ford, another of mom’s great jokes. Naming her sons after an ex-president and an actor.
Too bad it wasn’t funny anymore.
As a matter of fact, not much made Harry laugh anymore.
Harry hadn’t been able to speak to Gerry since the accident and didn’t ever plan to.
There was no question what his wife and brother had been doing behind his back. At the funeral, his good friends were more than happy to inform Harry his wife had been unfaithful since their wedding day. Everyone needed good friends like his.
Harry no longer spoke to his crap-ass brother. Why he had managed to survive the crash was beyond his wildest imagination.
Bastard.
It had been two years and Harry couldn’t seem to shake the pain of his wife and brother’s betrayal.
His mother had suggested going on the game show, stating it would be cathartic. It might help to cleanse his soul of all the anger he harbored not only toward his brother, but the whole damn world. So far, it hadn’t helped and Harry had a feeling he was never going to forgive Gerry. Shit, why should he? The stupid ass had ruined what Harry had thought was a perfect marriage.
Harry wasn’t born yesterday. He knew part of the blame was his and part of it was Marta’s doing.
“When are you going to learn and stop being a dumbass?” Harry muttered. He had called himself all kinds of names over the past couple of years, but it hadn’t helped one bit. His mother was probably right. He needed to straighten things out with Gerry. Then, and only then, would he be able to get on with his life and over this guilt.
“Hey, boss? You still mad?” Willy always spoke in Pidgin. Most the time Harry could understand him, but Pidgin wasn’t even close to the English he grew up knowing. It was a clipped dialogue that was a mixture of English and native Hawaiian. The Hawaiian man plopped down next to Harry and yelped when a small sharp rock poked his boney butt. Willy stood up, brushed off the seat of his worn, torn jeans checked the ground and sat down very carefully.
“Nah, I’m sorry Willy. Today isn’t a good day for me.”
“It’s so beautiful here boss, how can you stay mad?”
Harry felt a tug of a smile and gave in to it. He turned and looked down at the sparkling white sand a few hundred feet in front of him and had to agree. “It is beautiful. You were right, Willy. I apologize for being an ass.”
“No sweat, boss.” Willy took off his straw hat and wiped his face with a colorful handkerchief he normally carried hanging out of his back pocket.
Willy pulled his backpack toward him and pulled out two bottles of water and handed one to Harry. “Drink up and we’ll head back to camp.”
Harry shrugged his shoulders and took the water Willy offered. “I’m ready when you are.”
“Not go yet, bro. Me thinkin’ you want to see what will happen soon,” Willy grinned sharing a smile of crooked teeth.
Harry raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, what might that be, man?”
“Jus’ wait, bro. Be here soon.” Willy winked.
Suddenly out of nowhere, a small, auburn haired woman walked onto the beach. At least from where he was perched she carried herself like a woman; a confident, in-charge woman.
He liked the way her skin-tight swimsuit and wrap around see-through skirt showed off her body. Harry hadn’t seen her face yet, but her long, burnished red hair, full breasts and petite stature affected his cock. For the first time in years, he was hot for a woman. A woman whose face he hadn’t even seen yet. Hell, for all he knew she could look like Little Orphan Annie.
“Nice, ‘ey, boss? Got fine body, real fine tits.” Willy woke him from his stupor.
“Oh, yeah. Mighty fine from what I can see from here.” Harry felt his mouth suddenly go dry.
“I take you down. Meet her. Make friends? Soon get nookie.” Willy laughed at his crude joke.
“Uh, thanks, Willy. But, don’t you think that might be rushing things a little? I haven’t even met the lady yet and you have me in bed with her.”
Willy grinned and showed several empty spots where teeth should be. “Won’t take long, boss. She lonesome, might spread her legs real fast.”
“Knock it off. That’s no way to talk about a lady.”
Willy wiped his forehead and face. “Sorry, boss.” He scrubbed his face with the cloth.
“But it true.” Willy said with a smirk.
“Humph!” Harry nearly yelled the outburst.
Willy was irritating but right. Harry couldn’t help the instant attraction even at this distance. She had a hell of a body and that string thing she wore left little to the imagination. Harry wanted her and Willy’s big mouth sure as hell hadn’t helped. Now he had all kinds of dirty thoughts roaming around in his brain.
Her breasts would fit perfectly in his hands. The nipples would pucker the moment his tongue touched them. Her creamy, white skin would be soft as silk and he imagined her mound would have a light dusting of red hair. She would be wet when he slid a finger inside. Her pussy would be tight and she would give him the best ride of his life.
Harry was only a little ashamed of himself to be thinking about fucking her when he hadn’t even seen her face and yet he wasn’t worried. Something told him she would be beautiful.
Turn around, his brain demanded.
The anticipation was killing him. His pulse raced and the breath caught in his throat as his cock pulsed and grew. There was little space left in his cargo shorts. The buttons on his fly were going to leave permanent impressions on his cock.
Harry stood and walked closer to the edge of the outcropping. He needed a better view.
“Careful boss, it long way down. The rocks will tear you to pieces.”
“Thanks for the warning.” Harry wished he had a pair of binoculars. “Is she pretty?”
“Sure is, boss. Real purty. Nice tits too.”
Harry didn’t like the way Willy was talking about the woman, but he’d been thinking the same thing. So he had no right to criticize Willy for verbalizing what Harry was thinking. No reason to tell Willy to shut up. “It doesn’t seem right to be talking about a woman’s breasts when I haven’t even met the woman.”
“You right, she nice girl. Sorry, boss.”
Before Harry could say anything else, the young woman turned and he caught a glimpse of her face. Here was a woman who was truly lovely. Harry couldn’t remember the last time he’d even used the word ‘lovely’.
“You weren’t kidding. It was worth the wait.” Harry strained to catch a better look at the woman. “Who is she?”
Willy chuckled. “You want to know more you got to meet in person, but her name is Sally Ryan. Cute, eh?”
Harry slapped Willy on the back. “More than cute. Thanks. You brightened my day.”
“No problem, boss.” Willy stood, gathered his backpack, and slung it over his shoulders. “Time to go. Ready?”
Harry couldn’t take his eyes off of her, but somehow managed to get his arms in the right straps of his backpack. He followed Willy down the narrow, rocky path. Harry managed to land on his ass more than once on the descent. The path was muddy and slippery from a recent rain and fairly steep. A mountain goat would have a hard time on this trail.
Every time he looked to see if the woman named Sally was watching, but she seemed otherwise occupied in the water.
“Willy, are you part mountain goat?”
“Yeah? Need to slow down boss, or you’ll break your ass. Add another crack.” Willy laughed loudly at his raunchy joke.
“Never mind my butt. I wanted to ask you about Sally Ryan.”
“What you want to know?”
“Tell me what the gossip says.”
“My Misses says Sally is house sitting for the Rosenthal’s. They some rich folk from the mainland.”
“Where is their house?” Harry lost his footing and landed on a rock. He felt heat flush his cheeks and down his neck. Landing on his ass was not only painful, it was embarrassing. Man, his ass was going to be black and blue for weeks, but the climb had been worth it to set eyes on Sally. Suddenly life was looking a whole lot better.
Willy pulled Harry up with one hand. “Not far from our campsite, boss. Very well hidden behind trees and bushes. Not easy to find. No one is allowed on their property. Very uppity people. Miss Sally nice. See her in town once in a while. Up close, her very pretty, but short. Has a tight body with big boobs.”
“Thanks again for the info, but you didn’t have to tell me about her body and no more talk about her boobs. I can see for myself she’s hot.” He had every intention of getting an even closer view.
Soon.
* * * *
That night Harry slept like crap. The ground was hard even under his vinyl, blow-up mattress. There was no getting comfortable out in the open jungle.
Between the bugs out in full chorus and Willy snoring like a riding lawn-mower, Harry had about given up on sleep.
The picture in his mind of Sally wearing her skin-tight bathing suit was driving his libido crazy. If he didn’t watch it, he would probably mess up the inside of his sleeping bag. Harry was waking up from having wet dreams like a teenage boy. If he did, Willy would never let him forget.
Harry unzipped and opened the top of his sleeping bag. Ah, much better. Not nearly so hot.
A sting on his leg reminded him why he’d been in the bag. Damn bugs. This was going to be his last trek into the wild.
Tomorrow he was getting a hotel room.
At least Willy had finally stopped snoring. Either he’d died or rolled over so his airway was clear enough for him to breathe easier. Maybe with Willy’s racket gone he’d finally get some sleep, but Harry wasn’t too optimistic.
* * * *
Sally’s day was almost at an end. She sat in the family room and sipped a diet soda waiting to be tired enough to go to bed.
For the first time in days, the air was still. Normally, there was a lovely breeze blowing off the ocean. A lack of breeze tended to make Sally nervous. It could mean there were storms off shore and later tonight could be full of thunder, lightning and violent winds.
She pushed thoughts of a storm to the back of her mind and took a quick, cool shower. It was enough to relax her muscles from the day and to help sleep come. She climbed out of the tile surround shower and dried off.
She pulled a gauze caftan over her head and climbed into her bed, dropping the finely woven curtains to keep the bugs out and awkwardly tucked it under the mattress.
Attached to one sturdy bed post was a 13 inch TV. Thanks to satellite, she was able to watch American TV. This far out in the jungle, it was impossible to get cable. Her favorite show; The Bachelor. This season’s bachelor was a total geek and had no idea what to do with all the women smiling at him. The poor guy’s face was as red as a beet.
She loved watching the contestants find one person to love for the rest of their life out of a group of people and it gave her hope there was someone meant for her.
The Rosenthal’s treated her very well. They gave her a free place to stay for taking care of their home. They paid for all the food and utilities. All she had to do was to pay her student loans.
But, she was getting tired of putting her dreams on hold. She wanted a life: marriage, kids, a house in the mountains, a 4x4 Ford 350 pick-up and a man who would love her—faults and all.
Her thoughts drifted back to the man she saw on the cliff earlier today. Sally had been a little unnerved when she first saw him and Willy Pilford watching her swim. The two men sat on a rock ledge and stared at her for a long time, making her a little uncomfortable.
Willy knew enough to keep the stranger on public property. The Rosenthal’s home stood on acres of private land, but the beach was public property. Not many locals ever made the hike this far.
She’d spent most of the morning trying to ignore the handsome stranger. He’d left and shown back up later in the afternoon, on the ledge above the beach.
Sally knew Willy. Everyone on the island knew him. When it came to island secrets, all you had to do was ask, he knew everything that was going down. His wife couldn’t keep a secret either and since she worked for some of the most influential families on the island, she found out plenty. Enough to help Willy fill in any blanks.
A cold beer and a sweet smile should get Sally on his best side. A few questions and she would learn everything she needed to know about the malihini.
She shouldn’t care about strangers on the island. She knew better by now. If she got sex, it would be a few nights, maybe even a week, but it wouldn’t last. They always left. Yet, she couldn’t deny she found herself fighting her attraction to the new stranger. Even from her spot on the beach she could see he was one of the largest, best-looking men she’d set her eyes on in a long while.
He was a white guy with a farmer’s tan and he’d been wearing a skin-tight gray tee-shirt with the sleeves cut off. She liked the way his arms bulged and showed off his heavily muscled upper body. He hadn’t gotten that body sitting behind a desk.
He had nice legs under his gray cargo shorts and when he stood and walked away she noticed right away his sexy, taut butt.
Sally wiped her forehead with a corner of her sheet. Cold shower or not, just thinking about him was giving her hot flashes and sexual feelings she’d shoved to the back of mind. The deeper she buried the feelings the quicker they came flooding to the surface, boiling out like molten lava.
It had been too damn long since she’d had a man.
No question about it, she was going to pump Willy for all the information he would give her about the virile stranger. The man had been wearing sunglasses too, but the part of his face she could see was ruggedly handsome. She thought she saw at least two days growth of a dark beard on his strong square jaw.
She was not a fan of facial hair, except maybe on Tim McGraw or Trace Adkins, but the guy she saw sitting on the ledge was close to changing her mind about a smooth face. He had a rough dangerous look, like he had not shaved in a few days and she liked it.
His arms, face and lower legs were tan and Sally couldn’t get her brain to stop giving her images of a smooth, round bottom untouched by the sun. If his bottom wasn’t tan then his groin area would also be baby white. Oh God. She buried her face in her pillow.
Burying her face didn’t help one bit. The next thing she knew she was wondering if his genitals would be dusky when he was relaxed and would they darken as he became aroused? Would he be clean shaven or would his cock and balls be surrounded by silky, soft dark hair?
Stop, stop, stop.
She couldn’t keep thinking about the gorgeous man or she’d never get any peace.
Sally thought back to her last date and that had been a big disappointment. The Rosenthal’s treated her like a family member and were always trying to set her up at one of their private get-togethers. They frequently held parties and invited people from the music Industry like Tim and Faith, Gary Allen, Alan Jackson and his family to join them.
The week before they all headed to the island, Sally had accepted a date with a really cute guy who said he was Gary’s manager. What a friggin’ liar. He was one of the gardener’s from the company the Rosenthal’s used and he’d snuck into the party on a bet.
It hadn’t taken Sally long to realize he was a lying creep. So much for dating good looking guys. He hadn’t cared about her at all. He’d wanted a chance to sing a song he’d written to Mr. Rosenthal. Sally had motioned for a bodyguard and soon Mr. Creep was out on his butt.
After the guy was gone, Sally had headed to her room, and vowed to never date again.
However, after seeing the handsome stranger she was rethinking her decision of two months ago. Screw being celibate forever. The man would make a nun break her vows.
Her big problem was how to meet him.
Tomorrow she’d have to make an effort to find Willy. He’d know who the man was and if he was available.
Sally turned the lights out and left the TV running. She hated the night sounds on the island. Even with the double paned windows she could hear the screeching night birds, chittering bugs, and wild hogs snuffling around the house at night. It didn’t help her nervous nature.
First couple of nights she’d been on the island years ago, the mosquitoes nearly ate her alive. The fabric helped, but changing the things she ate had really made a difference.
She stared at the ceiling and pushed her shirt aside to cup her bare breasts, thumbs rubbing her nipples into taut peaks. All the while she thought about what she would do to the stranger if she could get him anywhere near her bed.
He was a very large man, big all over and tall. He’d look damn good in a Stetson and nothing else.
Her right hand left her breast and smoothed its way down her belly. She shivered with excitement and slowly slid her forefinger into her hot, tight pussy and sighed. Delicious.
Her clit was swollen and taut. She reached under her pillow and pulled out ‘Old Faithful’, her first vibrator. It adjusted to hit all the right places and the speed was variable. She slowly edged the dildo into her slick folds and turned it on. It pulsed and she pushed it into herself over and over again.
It didn’t take long to bring herself to a nearly star-lit climax. She shuddered all over and wished it was the stranger’s cock. A vibrator worked in an emergency, but it was no substitute for a long, hard, hot cock and a man’s body laying atop hers.
Her finger was still in her pussy when she drifted off to sleep with the stranger’s face on her mind.
* * * *
A horrible clatter woke Sally from a sound sleep. She sat straight up in bed and took a deep breath. It had to be the cat.
Lily was awful about getting in trouble. If she belonged to her instead of the Rosenthal’s Sally would have gotten rid of the naughty cat years ago.
Suddenly the door pushed open and a striped fuzzy face looked through the opening. A loud cheery noise greeted her before she saw striped fur and large green eyes. Lily was a Bengal cat and one of the more expensive cats she ever heard of, but to Sally she looked like an ordinary housecat. She acted like one too. Lily believed she owned the place and everyone in it.
Sally groaned and checked the clock. Well, at least she had waited until nine this morning to demand breakfast. That in itself was a minor miracle, but she hated to think what destruction the kitty had wreaked in the kitchen before waking her up.
One thing was for sure, if Cook caught Lily, she’d be tonight’s dinner.
Sally groaned one more time and stretched until her calf and shoulder muscles complained before pushing aside the bug curtain and grabbing her flip-flops. She’d learned many years ago not to wear slippers. The last time she wore her slippers a huge spider had nearly bitten her before she spied him hiding in the toe. She’d stomped on the slipper and thrown the pair out. At least with flip-flops you could see what was hanging around on your shoes.
Besides with the geckos and Lily, spiders no longer lived long in the huge house.
Sally smiled and scruffled Lily’s soft head. “You’re a good little hunter, aren’t you? I guess I forgive you for making a mess.”
Lily chirruped and jumped off the bed. This was the first cat Sally had ever known that didn’t meow. Lily’s standard voice was either a chirrup or a peep. No meows, but she sure could purr loud.
Sally followed Lily out of the room and headed to the kitchen to see what disaster awaited her. She’d have to get it cleaned up before Cook arrived or there would be hell to pay.
* * * *
While she cleaned spilled cereal off the kitchen floor, Sally scolded Lily who watched in great disdain. Sally knew the cat had made the mess, but Lily’s attitude plainly said she was innocent.
Ha! As if.
This year the R’s had left her alone in the huge house while they went off a leisurely cruise to take in the beauty of Crete, Italy and Greece.
The Cook and Lily the cat were great company, but they sure weren’t what she was longing for. She missed the attention only a man could give her. She worked a few nights a week bartending, but it just wasn’t enough. The newcomer in town was stirring up her libido to maximum overdrive. She should have called out to Willy yesterday. Willy would have been more than happy to introduce her to any man she asked him about.
Damn. She should have been thinking instead of staring.
Now, she was all revved up over a man she didn’t know. A perfect stranger. Hmmm, a delicious stranger.
Thoughts of him were going to dominate her thinking which was not a good idea when she was in charge of a bunch of a huge house, the property and a crazy kitten.
She had to meet him. Soon.
Her body ached for him and her mind hungered for the beauty he would bring to her world even if it was just for the summer. If only her wishes would come true.
* * * *
Harry argued with his hot sleeping bag and the damned bugs most of the night before falling into a restless sleep, filled with dreams of a tiny sprite frolicking on the beach in little more than three triangles of cloth.
Not only did he wake up with a miserable backache, his cock and balls throbbed like a son-of-a-bitch. A sharp rock had put a tear in his blow-up mattress and nearly worn a hole in his spine. Hopefully his back would recover in the next year or so.
Harry stood and stretched, then bent and touched his toes but his damn cock got in the way. Sometime in the night, he’d stripped down to his knit boxers and his cock was straining to get free of the cloth constriction. Bad enough his penis wouldn’t deflate, it was beginning to ooze drops of pre-cum on the front of his underwear.
Harry tossed things around in his tote bag and found a clean pair of loose khaki shorts and a lightweight sleeveless tee shirt. He skipped underwear knowing it would chafe his tender parts, but the minute he put the shorts on he wanted to take them off. Even so, he couldn’t bear the thought of adding undergarments, they would be even worse, constricting around his balls and making his cock sweaty and itchy.
He couldn’t imagine spending the whole day this uncomfortable, but it looked like he had no choice.
“Breakfast, boss. Got lots of hot coffee.” Willy’s voice echoed through the tent.
Great, just what he needed. Hot coffee. What he wanted was to be sitting in a pool with a long, cool drink in his hand and a naked woman straddling his lap.
Ain’t gonna happen.
But, it sure as hell was fun to think about.
In the meantime, he’d drink some of Willy’s disgusting brew, eat whatever he had made for breakfast and they’d be on their way to the far side of the island.
Breakfast was pancakes. More like one, big, thick pancake. Willy had boiled sugar syrup to pour over it and the two men shared it out of the huge cast iron skillet.
“Not bad, Willy. Thanks. I’m stuffed,” Harry groaned and rubbed his belly. He felt like he’d eaten a sugary pillow. “Do you need help with the pan and forks?”
“Nah, Boss. Go on up to the ledge and wait for Miss Sally. I’ll come get you when I’m ready to head out.”
Harry didn’t have to be told twice. He scrambled over the ridge and was off at a quick trot. This time he was a lot more careful of where he put his feet and didn’t stumble. He had just parked his butt when delicious Miss Sally sauntered onto the beach. Alone.
Well, well, well. What have we here?
She turned and waved. Harry was shocked. He hesitated a moment before raising his hand and waving back.
She smiled and Harry’s heart jumped in his chest.
He stood and looked around for a safe way down to the beach. There didn’t seem to be any way other than sliding on his butt and he wasn’t going to try that—too many stones and outcroppings of strange plants. Besides after the falls he’d taken yesterday his bottom was sore as hell.
Where was Willy? He would know a way down to the beach.
Harry waved once more and trudged down the rocky trail to the campsite searching for Willy.
He seemed to have disappeared, but the camp was still set up and the coffee sat on a stone close enough to the fire to stay warm, but not boil.
Harry flopped down and poured himself a cup of coffee. He took a sip and spit it out. “God, this is shit awful.” He poured the coffee onto the ground and watched it disappear into the thirsty dirt.
He was wondering what to do next when he heard giggling coming from behind some large boulders. Male laughter followed and Harry knew where Willy had gotten himself off to.
“Willy,” Harry yelled. “What the hell is going on?”
“Not much, Boss. Just needed some nookie and Mrs. Willy came to make me happy.”
Goddamn. Even a man with missing teeth was getting laid. What was wrong with him? He had all his teeth, he’d worked hard on his physique and his mother said he was handsome.
“Well, get busy and hurry up about it,” Harry growled. “I want to find a way to the beach.”
“What about the walk across the island, Boss?”
“Maybe tomorrow.” Harry leaned against a large rock and waited for his guide. He checked his watch a couple of times and in less than half an hour Willy was standing in front of him, hitching up his cut-off khaki pants and buttoning his wildly colored shirt.
“I’m ready, Boss. Where to?”
“The beach, and you better hope with all your heart you didn’t ruin my morning, or I’m gonna wrap that penis of yours around your sneaky neck. Understand?”
“Sure thing, Boss. Right this way.”
Harry jumped up and followed Willy.
By the time they reached the Zen raked white sands, Harry was out of breath. Only one set of foot prints lead across the sand and they were her size.
“We here now, boss. Okay I go for more nookie?”
“Yeah. Have fun.” You lucky SOB. Harry watched him disappear back into the forest and then set off on his own path. He sank into the soft sand the moment he stepped out on the beach. It would get inside his shoes if he wasn’t careful.
Harry hopped around on one leg to get his boots untied and stripped off his socks. He left them in an ugly pile on the beautiful sand, as he set out following Sally’s foot prints.
It didn’t take long to find her and when he did, he stopped dead in his tracks. She was wearing a tiny, see-through, white bikini with thong panties for a bottom. The white strap had slipped between her buttocks and if he hadn’t seen the tiny strap at the top of her waist, he’d have thought she was nude.
Before he could say a word, she lifted her face and smiled up at him. Harry’s guts tied into a knot. She knocked the good sense right out of him. He smiled and cleared his throat. “Um…Uh,” he stuttered.
“Hello,” she said and his knees buckled.
He took a step forward and fell face first into a large, deep, rocky tidal pool. He panicked as he tried to stand up too quickly. Water sprayed her and he lost his footing again before his face went under. He rolled and tumbled before coming to the surface quickly, spluttering. God, what an ass. Could he be more of a dork?
Way to make a good first impression…
Her tinkling laughter rang in his ears.
“What’s so funny?” he asked before spitting dirty water on the sand.
She covered her mouth to stifle another giggle, “You have seaweed on your head. Makes you look like you have puppy ears.”
Harry reached up and removed the piece of seaweed but soon completely forgot about his accident. The tie on her top seemed to have become unraveled as she ran to help him.
Sally’s bikini top had fallen halfway off leaving her breasts completely exposed. “Holy mackerel,” Harry couldn’t take his eyes off her puffy, light pink nipples and the surrounding areola. She had gorgeous breasts. Large, round, firm looking and real if he wasn’t mistaken.
“What?” Sally quirked an eyebrow.
“Uh.”
“For heaven’s sake, don’t you know any other words besides ‘uh?’”
“Mmm,” Harry covered his eyes with his hands and scrubbed at his face. He’d made a big mistake. His hands left a stinging sensation and he looked down and saw he held what used to be a small jellyfish.
His skin started stinging first and then rapidly began to rise, swell, and burn. He imagined what he must look like to this girl, with bright red welts on his face, sand everywhere, soaking wet and covered in seaweed. He couldn’t have made a better first impression if he’d tried.
Shit. Why was his life always one big joke? He wondered sometimes if he was Lucille Ball reincarnated in a male form.
* * * *
Sally was at a loss as to what to do for the poor guy. His face was covered in sand. She didn’t have anything to help him clean up except a few small linen cloths in her lunch.
“It burns!”
“What?”
“Jellyfish.” The one word explained it all. “He got me on the face and hands.”
Sally watched him feverishly try to wash at his face with the water from the pool.
“Oh, no. We have to use clean water to get rid of the poison. I’ve got a basket of food and some water bottles.”
Sally pulled him out of the tidal pool, led him to the basket further up the beach, and dug through it. Out came a bottle of water and a clean, white, linen napkin. “Sit down, you’re dripping wet.” She ordered.
“Bossy,” he grumbled, but sat still while she dampened the napkin with water and wiped at his face.
“Lean your head back so I can pour water into your eyes and get the sand out.” Cool drops of water splashed on his shoulders and down his chest.
Harry wouldn’t stop staring at her chest. She tried not to think about why even when she felt the strings from her bikini top fly freely with the wind across her breasts and stomach, but when she felt the wind graced her tightly peaked and completely naked nipples, she clued in on why he had gone all quiet on her.
Her bikini top had come undone leaving her completely exposed to his hungry gaze.
Crap. Her face burned in embarrassment.
Tall, dark and handsome didn’t say anything. He just sat and watched her quietly waiting to see what she did next.
It only took a moment for her to realize she was partially nude and a slight breeze that hit her taut nipples. She quickly handed the man the napkin and a bottle of water. Almost simultaneously, she grabbed at the strings of her top. She simply didn’t have enough hands, but she wouldn’t blame him for not helping her. She would have smacked him for even trying to get a quick feel.
He should have told her right away her top was missing, but like a typical man he’d been too busy admiring the view.
Sally was pissed and embarrassed, but she casually tied her top in place then dug through the basket. Cook had thought of everything. She’d included bandages, a small bottle of vinegar and antibiotic cream.
“It’s still hurting.” His whining sounded like a small child.
She let loose an exasperated sigh. “Use the vinegar to stop the stinging. It will counteract the jellyfish poison.” Sally handed the first aid supplies to her new friend.
He poured the clear liquid over face and eyes and immediately his tense muscles relaxed.
Sally took a moment to peruse her big unknown visitor. He needed a shave, but the scruff looked good on him.
The previous day when she’d spied him sitting on the rocks watching her he’d fascinated her. But, up close, he was unusually good looking and there weren’t many handsome, single, straight men on the island. She’d heard women call men ‘gorgeous’ before but this was the first man she’d come upon who truly fit the bill. He was Gorgeous with a capital G.
“So, what’s your name, tall dark and lonesome?” Sally cringed. She wasn’t usually so forward. In fact, she was usually shy around strangers.
“Harry.” His face turned red and she had a feeling it wasn’t from the jellyfish stings. Obviously, he wasn’t used to compliments. How cute. A man who blushed.
Harry poured vinegar on the cotton cloth and dabbed at his face, but every time he moved he winced in pain from the cuts on his legs. She hadn’t noticed those before. Sally grabbed the water bottle from him and put his foot on her folded legs. In a matter of minutes she had the cuts cleaned, dried, bandaged and had even found him a couple of Ibuprofen in her bottomless basket.
She still had his foot in her lap. He didn’t seem to notice when without thought she began massaging his foot, taking care not to reinjure his heel. The poor guy had gone ass over tea kettle and was scraped and stung in quite a few places.
“We have a little problem,” Sally said.
“I’ll say,” Harry replied. His cheeks were flaming pink and she fought an overwhelming urge to kiss him. He had the sexiest lower lip.
He’d chewed on it while she fixed his foot and now his lip was swollen and totally kissable. Instead, she continued to massage his foot. “Oh, what do you think we should do about it?”
“Um,” he mumbled.
“There you go again. By the way, I’m Sally Meg Ryan.” She held out her right hand and shook his.
“Nice to meet you Sally Meg Ryan. I’m kind of embarrassed. I shocked myself by falling into that tide pool. I’m such a damn klutz. By the way, my name is...promise you won’t laugh?”
“Of course I won’t laugh. It can’t be any worse than my name.”
His face turned a shade pinker. “My full name is Harrison Ford, and no, I’m not the actor.”
She smiled. “I knew you weren’t the actor. You’re much too young.” And far more handsome.
“Not all that young. I’m twenty-nine.”
“I’m twenty-three and I live here. I’m the caretaker for the Rosenthal’s home.” She lifted her chin to point in the general direction of the home on the cliff.
Harry shook his head. “So, you’re not alone?”
“Well, not really but the Rosenthal’s have six homes. When they’re here, they bring a full staff with them. Then it’s a madhouse. Cook and the housekeeper usually stay here with me to help me with keeping up the house.”
“Hell, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to mess up your day. If you give me back my foot, I’ll be on my way.”
“Uh, well Harry. That is a problem. You can’t possibly walk across the sand without getting sand back in your scratches. Do you have shoes somewhere?”
“Yeah, I have a pair of hiking boots over by those plants.” He pointed toward the hiking trail.
“You sit and I’ll get your boots.” She laid his injured foot across his opposite thigh and stood. “Don’t go away, I’ll be right back.”
She could feel his eyes burning holes in her butt and it was impossible to walk naturally. She simply could not keep her bottom from moving. Her thong strap had dug itself into her butt cheeks and was rubbing erotically across her anus and clitoris.
God, it sure was hot out here today. She was slightly dizzy, but it was because of Harry and not from the heat. She was dying to pull the thong strap out of her crack, but didn’t dare for fear he would see. The fabric of her top was rubbing sensuously on her nipples. Four or five more steps could bring her to orgasm.
Ah, there were his boots and socks. She picked them up and checked to see if Harry was watching her. He wasn’t. He was staring out at the ocean, leaving her free to work the thong strap out of her crack. The trip back to Harry was a lot more comfortable, but still had her libido on fire.
Her body’s immediate and powerful reaction to Harry made her nervous so she dropped his stuff next to him and picked up her large beach towel. Making sure the wind was blowing away from them, she shook out her towel, wrapped it around her body above her breasts, and tucked the loose ends to make a sarong-like covering.
Harry put on his socks and boots, and stood. He held out his hand. “Thanks again Sally. I appreciate your help. Do you come to the beach every day?”
Sally took his hand and a zing went from her toes to the top of her head. She dropped his hand like a hot potato. “Yes, most days. I try to take advantage of having a beach for a backyard.”
“Do you ever come out at night to sit and watch the moon over the water?”
“Yes, occasionally. I work weekends bartending for the Tradewinds Bar and Grill, but when I’m not working, I try to keep the house clean and come to the beach to watch the moon and the stars. Care to join me one of those nights?”
“Thank you, Sally, I’d like that very much.”
“Okay, why don’t you stop by tonight?” She couldn’t wait to get her mouth on his. Tonight couldn’t come soon enough for her.
“Great, sounds like a plan to me.” His words were simple but his eyes promised there would be more tonight than watching a few stars in the sky.
“Then I’ll see you later,” Sally was completely giddy with happiness. She couldn’t believe she’d be seeing him again so soon. She swayed her hips as she walked off across the sand, hoping he was watching her.


Chapter Three


Harry was determined to make a better impression on Sally tonight. While he didn’t have dress slacks with him, he did have a clean pair of jeans and a fairly neutral navy polo shirt. Neither of which had been stained by red dirt like almost everything else he owned. He had a bottle of champagne and two wine glasses tucked under his arm that he managed to bribe Willy to pick up for him in downtown Lihue.
Their first meeting had not gone quite as he imagined, especially the moment he flew into the tide pool.
He was just a good ol’ Tennessee guy, and he never pretended to be smooth. But, he did pride himself on the fact he could at least carry on a conversation with a woman and not trip over his tongue much less his big feet.
The sun dipped its edge into the ocean, painting the sky in brilliant hues of oranges, pinks, and reds. The cool white sand slipped between his toes despite his leather sandals. The beach was deserted, which was perfect for his plans. He knew the more popular public beaches would have tourists on them day or night, but this little strip of beach never seemed to have anyone on it but Sally.
Harry’s breath caught in his throat when he caught sight of her. She was a vision of pure delight. The flowered silk wrap she wore around her waist fluttered in the breeze silhouetting her perfect curves, pressing against her undergarments to trace a perfect linear curve.
And her breasts.
Oh God. Her breasts were covered now, but he remembered how lush they were from their last meeting. He ached to take them in his mouth. Her top was close-fitting, but still it was a crime to cover up anything so perfectly formed.
Her top seemed to be made of the same fabric covering her lower half. A brilliant blue with black orchids printed over it. The top matched her skirt exactly. He knew it wasn’t some kind of dress because her midriff was bare. The top was wrapped around her torso and tied under her breasts to accentuate their fullness and behind her neck to leave her sun kissed shoulders exposed.
“Aloha!” Sally held a white flowered lei in her extended hands.
“Aloha.” Harry tentatively stepped forward into the circle of her arms. A sweet whiff of Plumeria hit his skin and engulfed him in the tropical scent of paradise. He wasn’t expecting such a warm welcome, but it was a hell of a lot better than how Willy had treated him in the last twenty-four hours.
She smiled at him baring two rows of pretty white teeth. “Now you can tell all your friends you got lei’d in Hawaii.”
His face burned from embarrassment. “But we didn’t do that yet…oh,” the sentence caught in his throat as he caught her play on words.
Her sweet laugh broke his fluster. “We? Have you made plans for this evening I’m not aware of?”
“Well, no. Not unless you want to—that is. Hell, can we just start over?” He raised the glasses up in a peace offering.
She had a huge smile plastered on her face and now he knew she was just teasing him. “I see your wicked plan now is to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me. You are a bad boy and I’m afraid it won’t work.”
He blinked. “Really, why not?”
“I can drink you under the table any day of the week. I work as a professional bartender, Harry. Don’t you remember?”
“Well hell. Change of plans. I’ll let you get me drunk and take advantage of me. How does that sound?”
“Mmmm.” She ran her hand along his forearm. “Maybe, I’ll take you up on your offer.”
He mentally crossed his fingers and hoped she wasn’t making a fool out of him.
“Did you bring all that?” Harry looked past her and saw a basket of food and a beach blanket thrown over the sand. His brain wasn’t functioning on all cylinders. He hadn’t thought to be prepared. He was pleased she was thinking straight.
“I thought you might like a snack.”
“Thanks.”
“Why don’t you sit down?” She pulled him towards the blanket and near the middle. He sat down next to her. “So what brings you to the island, Harry? You on an expedition to find a cure for some mysterious disease in the rain forest?”
“No, I’m a tourist. Just like most the other visitors who come to the islands.”
Her delicate eyebrows pulled together in a frown. “Most tourists stay inside the resorts and hotels.”
“Well, it wasn’t my choice to be mosquito food. I won the trip on a dating game show and they made all the arrangements for my stay. Two weeks in the back country with good old Willy as my guide and on the last day, I get to clean up at a hotel. I think they were trying to save money or something…cheap bastards.”
 “Oh, two weeks? I thought you’d be staying a little bit longer.”
“Is that bad?”
“No, just typical. I finally find a guy I like, and he is off to the mainland in two weeks.”
“We could enjoy it while it lasts.” He popped the bottle of champagne and poured the bubbly liquid into both glasses, extending one to her.
“We could…”She took the glass of champagne he offered and paused midsentence seeming to consider his offer.
But, he could see her point of view. He would go home and she would be missing him in a big empty bed. Suddenly he was struck with another notion. “Or, we could keep it business and just be friends.”
“What are you suggesting Harry?” She sipped her champagne.
“I wanted to see the island and I’ll bet you know it as well as Willy. Not to mention, you smell like an angel and I like you a hell of a lot better than him.” No need to go into any details there. She was a whole lot sexier, easier on the eyes, and she didn’t give him shit about his name. “You can be my new tour guide.”
“I have a job already.”
“I can pay you to take two weeks off. I won a little bit of cash on the game show I was talking about.” He wanted to make it clear she didn’t have to sleep with him to get paid.
“Look, you don’t have to pay me Harry. I will be happy to show you around the island. I think it would be fun. But, due to my finances, I will still work my bartender shift on the weekends.”
“Deal,” he said, happy they would be able to work something out to spend more time together.
“But I don’t know about this friends thing…” Her voice trailed off into the night.
“What do you mean?” It scared him just a little that she didn’t want to be friends.
“I’m saying I want more from you Harry. I thought you liked me? Are we going to do this thing or not?” She scooted closer to him.
“What thing are we talking about?”
“Do I have to spell it out to you? I want you to kiss me.” She shook her head.
For a second there he thought he’d heard her say she wanted him to make love to her—or maybe that was just what he wanted to hear. What the hell.
He tipped up her chin and leaned in for the kiss. Their lips touched and she pulled him closer. She opened her soft lips to his invasion, sweeping him up in passion and heat.
Sally pulled away first, and he looked down in her lust-filled eyes. Disappointment filled him. The kiss hadn’t lasted near long enough. “I wasn’t done yet.”
“That was just an appetizer for later. I wanted to get the first kiss out of the way. I hate it when I have to wait to the end of the date for my first kiss.”
“I really like the way you think, Sally.”
“So, I’ve kissed you even though I barely know you. I think it might be time for you to tell me about yourself, Harry.”
“Well, I am a hard-working, decent guy. I like long walks on the beach.” He grinned. “I like pina colada’s and getting caught in the rain. I have a particular fondness for redheads, and last but not least, I’m great in bed.”
“Sorry, but I insist I be the judge of your prowess in the bedroom.” She entwined her legs in his and slid her smooth shaven skin against him.
“Anytime you want,” Harry replied.
“If you get such raving reviews in bed, just how many women have you been with?”
“Not many. I had three lovers. I was married for several years. My wife was killed in a car wreck. I haven’t been with a woman since then.”
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry to hear about your wife. You must be heartbroken.” She touched his jaw and he flinched.
“Don’t be too sorry. She didn’t love me, and my marriage would never have lasted.” A crushing pain struck him in the heart. If only it were so simple. He no longer loved his wife, nor did he miss her. The things hurting him were hard to explain and too embarrassing to share with someone he’d just met.
“Why not? You seem like a really nice guy.” She said the words slowly as if she knew what he was going through.
They sat quietly, her hand in his until he was willing to break the silence. Her patient waiting made him like her even more. She didn’t probe or push. She gently stroked his hand where it rested on her thigh. Finally, he broke down and said it out loud. “Are you sure you want to know?”
“Yeah, you can talk to me.”
Harry cleared his throat. “The truth is she was fucking my brother.”
“That must have really hurt you.” Sally didn’t say anything, but he could see the pity in her eyes.
“You have no fucking idea. I never really got close to a woman after that.” Even now, he could feel the old hurt and pain rise to the surface.
“How long’s it been?”
“Two years now.”
“That’s a long time to be celibate.” She said very seriously.
“You know it babe, and that’s probably why I feel like my cock is going to explode whenever I’m around you. I am as horny as hell.”
“Can I tell you a secret, Harry?
“Sure. I just told you mine.”
Sally moved to straddle his lap. He could feel blood pump to his cock as it swelled in size and length. She pressed the apex of her thighs against his hip and it took all his strength to not throw her down in the sand and fuck her like a cave man. Her hands wrapped round his waist tracing little circles over his stomach to finally rest on his engorged sex.
Her words were breathless and raw with need. “I’m horny too.”
“Any STD’s I need to know about?” He managed to ask.
“I beg your pardon?” Her nose squished up and her eyebrows drew down in a frown. She pushed on his chest. He held on tight.
“I’m sorry. I had to ask. Do you have any sexual diseases? You know herpes, HIV, all that fun stuff neither one of us wants to catch.”
“Oh—no I’m clean. I had myself tested recently.” She replied.
“Good.” He pulled her close again and she quit struggling. “When I found out about my wife sleeping around with my brother I had to know. Guess I lucked out because I’m totally clean.”
“Good. That just leaves a little thing to worry about. Since you came prepared tonight, I’m assuming you brought condoms with that champagne?”
“Umm, actually, no.” Harry’s lips curled up in a half smile, half smirk.
“You didn’t bring condoms? I’m not on birth control, Harry.” Her voice dipped low and she let out a sigh of frustration. She sounded really disappointed.
“I’m sorry. I just didn’t think about it, because I was married, we never used birth control. And, like I told you, I haven’t been with anyone else since then. It never entered my mind.” His head began to pound. He’d screwed up again.
“I’m not ready for a baby yet.” Her eyes had grown distant and faraway.
“I can still give you pleasure.” He offered.
“It’s not the same. You have no idea how much I was looking forward to fucking you tonight. I wanted to feel you hot and hard…inside me.” She folded her arms and huffed at him.
Harry touched her right breast, cradling and squeezing it in his hand. She gasped at his soft touch and leaned into his embrace. Sally’s squishy breast filled his palm completely and perfectly. The tip of her nipple began to pucker beneath the material. Her breathing became heavier signaling her arousal.
Harry swiftly untied the knot behind her neck allowing her top to fall to her lap.
“You have the most beautiful breasts, Sally.” He said before bending down to take one tight tip in his mouth. He pinched and rolled her other nipple between thumb and forefinger.
She moaned in his ear, while arching her back. “Oh, God. More, Harry. Do it some more.”
“I want to make love to you, Sally. Will you let me?”
“We can’t—no condoms.”
“We don’t need condoms.” He whispered huskily.
She didn’t answer but nodded her head. She became limp in his arms as he worked his way up her skirt. Cupping her mound in the palm of his hand, she reacted immediately and writhed against him.
Sally wasn’t wearing anything under the silk skirt. It was an illusion that he must have seen in the breeze earlier.
“You’re so wet.” He couldn’t believe how ready she was for him. He ran his thumb along her clit and dipped two fingers into her honey hole. She was soaking wet with desire for him. It was going to take all his control to not take her here on the beach.
It was hard to control his cock when she pushed up against his hand, raising her hips in a silent plea.
It wouldn’t take much to make her come, but he wanted this to last more than thirty seconds. Harry didn’t know why he cared so much about a woman he’d just met, but he did. He wanted to pleasure her like no other man and ached for it to last.
Untying the knot at her waist allowed her sarong skirt to fall open, revealing much of her body to him. He tore at the knot holding her top in place and it finally let loose and she was bare—open to him from head to toe.
Caressing her skin slowly, he was mesmerized by every delicious inch of her sun kissed skin. He wanted to memorize every part of her by touch. As if he was a blind man, he worked his way over her body. Her legs. Her breasts. Her sweet heart shaped ass.
“Oh Harry.” She moaned. Her eyes glittered as her lips pleaded. Her hips lifted off the sand and her legs spread open for him.
He wanted this love-making to end between her spread legs not start there. He kissed her stomach, and worked his way down to lick her sweet nectar. Her body vibrated with lust, her breathing had grown ragged and her lids were heavy, but she jumped when he kissed at the apex of her sex.
She pushed at him, but he caught her wrists. He suddenly understood. Despite her aggressive, seductive nature, she was not as sexually experienced as him. “It’s okay, sweetheart. Let me do this for you. Let me love you with my mouth and hands.”
He felt her hesitate, then relax against him. He pushed her legs open wider, using his free hand, he parted her outer lips to reveal her pussy and the glistening pearl where every nerve in her body met.
He alternated sucking and playing with her clit, pushing it side to side with his tongue. Her breathing grew rough and ragged again. He knew he had her hanging on the precipice of a monster climax. It was too soon. It wouldn’t take much to make her come. He slowed his ministrations and she whimpered.
“Oh, my God. Harry. Don’t stop. Don’t. Stop.”
She whined until he pressed two fingers inside her, pulsing in and out in the same rhythm as his tongue. Increasing the tempo, he sucked harder. She tasted as sweet as sin.
“Oh. Ohhh!” She cried out into her hand, biting her knuckles. He could tell she was holding back.
“What? You want to come? It’s okay baby. You can do it.” He stroked her flesh, caressing the swollen nub until she exploded.
Sally bucked against him but he used his weight to help control her spasms. She grabbed onto him pressing his head into her pussy, forcing him to eat her. He fell against her, his fingers still inside her. Slowly, he continued to gently stroke her as she came down from her sexual high. Neither of them spoke. Sally continued to spasm for several moments and his cock wept. He wanted, no needed, to be inside her.
Eventually, Sally’s breathing evened and her internal muscles let go of his fingers.
He’d never experienced the kind of response he’d gotten from Sally. His wife had often been cool to his pleasuring, barely faking a climax.
Sally reacted to his touch like a well-trained mare to her handler.
“That was…amazing.” She said quietly.
“Oh yeah. You were fantastic.” The only thing keeping it from being perfect was the fact he needed release. His cock pushed against his jeans begging to be set free. He was pretty sure he’d never been so hard in his life. He was miserable and his balls were aching like a son-of-a-bitch.
“Oh wait. You’re still….”
“Yeah, I know.” He could wait until later to get to a climax. It was his own dumb fault he hadn’t thought to bring condoms. He’d just met her and wasn’t going to beg her to give him a blowjob. His wife had hated the taste of cum and went off on him if he dared bring up the subject. A reaction like that one could ruin tonight. He wasn’t going to tempt fate. Not when her climax had been so hard and delicious.
“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.”
“You have got to be kidding.” She pressed her palm against his throbbing dick. “You’re as hard and hot as a fireplace poker. It has to hurt after a while?”
“Yeah, but I can wait. I’m a big boy.”
She smiled and rubbed his cock. “You sure are, Harry. A very big boy.”
He put his hand over hers. “It serves me right. Next time I’ll be sure to bring a box of condoms.” He grinned. “Do you think twelve will be enough or should I buy the twenty-four package?”
She giggled and pulled her hand out from under his. “I’d say you’d better buy the largest pack you can find. I have big plans for you.”
“Hmmm,” Harry’s cock twitched.
“You don’t have to wait until next time. I’d be happy to return the favor.” She rolled him over and he laid still as she crawled up on all fours then massaged his balls with her fist through the denim. As she reached for his belt buckle, he caressed her full breasts, tweaking the still hard nipples and rolling them between his fingers. She unzipped his pants, freeing his cock and helped him shimmy out of his jeans and briefs.
She leaned in and took him all the way into her mouth, causing him to groan aloud. “That’s so good, baby. Don’t stop.”
And she didn’t stop. She licked his shaft up and down. She wrapped her flexible tongue around the head of his cock, and sucked gently. She deep throated him, then let his cock slide out part way.
Harry watched her prowess with satisfaction. Her soft wet mouth enveloped him and he nearly came just looking at her. In and out, she sucked him with increasing speed and passion. Up and down she sucked him, his dick swelling more with each pass of her tongue.
His hips lifted and his cock thickened with his lust. “Ahhhhhh.”
At last, he’d reached nirvana.
She groaned as he spurted inside of her mouth. His jism continued to fill her mouth and she held onto him and swallowed it all. His hands gripped her shoulders not wanting to let go until the last drop fell on her tongue.
Finally, she sat back up. “Was it as good for you, baby?”
“Oh, yeah.”
“I can’t believe we just did that here on a beach.” She licked her lips and looked sated as a happy cat.
“Anybody could’ve seen us, but it was pretty dark. I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”
“It’s kind of a turn on that we took such a risk.” She giggled.
“Oh, sounds like you got a thing for exhibitionism.”
“Maybe a little—but it’s not easy around here. Nudity on Hawaii state beaches is illegal.”
“So you’re saying we just committed a crime? What we just did should be sacred. I would go to jail for it. But what about the nude beaches? Don’t you have one of those on the island?”
“We have one or two I can think of, but I’ve never gone by myself.”
“Maybe we could make it part of the tour package and go together.” He suggested. The pit of his stomach churned.
“Sounds like a plan to me.” She boldly met his eyes.
He’d have to go back to camp and fire Willy. It would mean some changes. He may not have a place to stay when he did but he didn’t care. Harry was content to lay in Sally’s arms and forget about tomorrow and the problems it would bring.


Chapter Four


It had been surprisingly easy to fire Willy. In only a few minutes, Willy had packed up his stuff and disappeared. Unfortunately, he also took all the camping gear, sleeping bags, food supplies and left Harry in the middle of nowhere with no transportation and no way out.
Harry had to trust that Sally would not only be his tour guide and travel agent, but she’d also help him find a decent place to stay. He had all his meager belongings packed in a small rolling luggage bag and an overfull backpack thrown over one shoulder.
He was nervous as hell even though they had already discussed it. Showing up on Sally’s doorstep with all his gear was slightly different than going out on a few dates and seeing the sights.
His gut twisted in knots as he walked up the steps of chiseled volcanic rock. The entrance was lined with ferns and every step brought more fear into his heart. Would she kick him out on his ass when she found out he was suddenly homeless? He swallowed his pride and forced himself to knock on the impressive wooden doors.
“Just a minute.” He heard her speak through the door and then some rustling noises. A minute later, he saw her smiling face.
Sally’s smile dropped to an instant frown when she saw all his baggage. “You’re here a little early for our dinner date tonight, aren’t you?”
“Well, yeah. I didn’t want to wake you up, so I waited until morning, but I talked to Willy about you taking over for him.”
“And?”
“And, he didn’t take it very well.” Harry grumbled.
“What happened?”
“Can I come in?” He really didn’t want to go into detail on the front porch.
“Of course.” She stepped aside and let him pass.
“Whoa, this is a nice house.” He stopped on the marble floor astounded by the abundance of wealth surrounding him. A super sleek custom leather couch faced the wall of windows and the few walls not covered in windows were covered in very large and expensive looking European paintings. The crème de la crème was the indoor waterfall dumping into a Jacuzzi located in the main family room.
“Thanks, but it’s a little gaudy for my tastes.” She joked. “But then again, I didn’t decorate it. I just live here.”
“Still. It’s got to be cool to live here.” He whistled low and long. The Rosenthal’s must have pretty expensive taste.
“I won’t lie. It’s very cool, but you were going to tell me what happened.” She urged.
Oh, yeah. That. “It’s a kind of a long story.” He shrugged his shoulders, not sure if he should involve her in the ugly details.
“I’ve got time.” She motioned to the couch.
Harry dumped his luggage on the floor and sat down. She sat down closely to his side. Only inches separated their flesh. “I ugh…kind of had words with Willy. He took it rather hard when I fired him.”
“What did he say?”
“It’s not what he said. It was more about what he did. He had a few choice words to say, and when he was done fussing and cussing, he took all the camping equipment with him. I don’t have a place to stay anymore. I still have a camping permit, but that does me no good without a sleeping bag, or any food…”
“I can’t believe Willy would do something so awful to a client!”
“Yeah, I was kind of surprised myself.” He rubbed his whiskery face and sighed. “I hope you have the name of a good hotel around here?”
“There is no way you can get a hotel room this time of year.” Sally looked surprised he would ask.
“Why not?” Harry was baffled. Every hotel room was sold out? How could that be true? Every tourist agent was always selling trips to Hawaii or some little island in the Pacific.
“The state luau competition is being held in Lihue. Every hotel room has been booked for months. Even the native’s wouldn’t miss the luau competition.”
The realization he was on his own hit him like a ton of bricks. His stomach rolled and his heart sank. Sally was close enough to being a native to be in the know when it came to things like local festivals and competitions. He’d run into this problem once in Texas. There had been a chili competition going on and he hadn’t been able to find a room within fifty miles of the city. As usual, he was shit out of luck.
“Look Harry, I know we don’t know each other very well…”
“No we don’t and I don’t want to impose.” He got up to leave. “I’ll find a place to stay somewhere else.”
“Wait, don’t go.” She grabbed the hem of his shorts.
“I have to go. I need to find a place to stay Sally.”
“Stay with me.” She suggested and he wanted to accept.
He breathed in and out slowly, letting the thought bounce around in his brain for a moment.
“Don’t think about it, just do it.”
“I like you Sally, but…” He really liked her, but he didn’t want to fuck up his chances of continuing to see her. What if they got tired of each other, or one of them said something wrong and a huge fight broke out? With nowhere else to go, if things didn’t work out between them, it could get very awkward. His last days on the island would be awful. Or, worse yet, she could use him, screw with his mind, and when he was crazy about her, she’d kick him to the curb, leaving him homeless again.
“Look, just stay here tonight. If it doesn’t work out, I’ll ask my boss if he can put you up in the spare room at the bar. He keeps a place there so he has someplace to stay when he fights with his wife, Lilianne.”
“Okay, but just for the night. Until you have time to talk to your boss.”
“You can stay as long as you like, Harry. This house is really big for just one person and the Rosenthal’s are not scheduled to come back for at least another month.”
“I thought you said the Rosenthal’s had other workers? Aren’t they living here?”
“Well, yes but the Cook will be flying out to France to help with a family get together and the housekeeper is going to take advantage of them not being home to spend more time with her family.”
Harry scrubbed at his face again. He really needed a shave. “How come you didn’t go with them?”
Sally grinned. “It’s my job to make sure this house is okay while they are gone. Which means I am alone and only have to house-sit until the R’s return.”
“Nice job.”
“It is, isn’t it? I’m very lucky. Now, will you stay here or not?”
“I’ll stay and thanks, Sally. You’re the best.”
“No problem. I think Willy leaving you in the lurch is a good thing. Now we can spend all our time together getting to see the island and getting to really know each other.”
“I don’t want this to change things between us. I’ll stay in the guest bedroom.”
“I was rather hoping you’d stay in my room. My big bed gets lonely without company.”
She sounded serious and Harry couldn’t think of one good reason to resist her offer, nor, to be honest, did he want to. The harder Sally begged, the more his cock took over control of his brain. With all the blood in his body headed south, there was no way he could turn her down.
“If you insist.”
She ran her hand along his jaw. “I absolutely, positively insist.”
* * * *
“You ready to go? I planned a surprise for you.” Sally stood, dressed in a tight tank top, braless, a pair of ratty shorts and straw flip-flops.
Harry stretched out on the bed and faked a yawn.
“I had the best surprise of my life when you led me to your bedroom last night.” He tried to pull her back down on top of him.
“Uh-uh, no time for fun and games. But, don’t forget where we left off, and we’ll take care of your problem later. Promise.”
“Honest?”
She stroked his pole through the sheet, “Absolutely. I can’t resist your sword. But, I promised I’d show you the island.” She let go of his cock and moved out of arm’s reach.
“But I was more interested in seeing more of you…” His voice deepened with lust. “Will you at least join me for a shower?”
“Are you out of your mind? If I take a shower with you, we’ll never leave the bedroom. We’ll end up spending the whole day in bed. I’m serious, Harry. I did a lot of thinking and planning and this trip is something reeeeeeaaaaaaallly important. I’m positive you’ll enjoy yourself once we get going.”
“Okay. I can’t wait to see what kind of surprise you have for me. As long as you’re with me, it doesn’t matter where we go. I could be in the subway in the Bronx and still have fun.”
“You’re too sweet, Harry, but I know it’s all a sneaky trick to get me back in bed.”
“Was I that obvious?” Harry gave her what he hoped was his best imitation of a hound dog. But, she turned and left the room in a big hurry.
She peeked her head back in the doorway. “I’m going to go cook breakfast. When I come back you better be showered clean and dressed to go for a hike.”
“More hiking? Ugh. Why don’t you just kill me now?” Harry flopped against the pillows.
Sally rushed to the bed, picked up a pillow and threw it at Harry.
He quickly snatched the pillow, held it against his chest and poked his tongue out at her. Which only served to pique her anger. “I’m serious. Get dressed Harry. Or, I’m leaving without you and you can spend the day watching the water fall into the Jacuzzi. Alone!”
“Okay. Okay, I’m getting up. Satisfied?” He got up and reached his hands into the air, revealing his fully aroused length.
Sally inhaled deeply, covered her eyes and walked out silent as a mouse, but Harry knew he had affected her. She was blushing and he liked seeing her body react to his.
He wouldn’t regret a moment if they did end up spending the rest of his trip in bed. On the other hand, getting to know her was important. He intended to show her he cared about her and not just for her fabulous body. The sex was great, and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d had even so-so sex.
Harry hated to admit it, but he was crazy about Sally. He had just met her and he would do anything to keep their friendship. It had very little to do with physical attraction but she was genuine and sweet to him. He didn’t want to spend a minute away from her.
He put his hands at the small of his back and did some serious back stretches. A few toe-touches and several push-ups took up ten precious minutes, but he had to loosen his body every morning, or his day wouldn’t go right. He padded on naked feet to the attached bathroom. This wasn’t the master suite, but it was as luxurious as anything he had been in, even in the nicest hotel rooms. It was far more lavish than he was used to at his home in Nashville.
The sink backed up to a privacy wall and two ceramic floating sinks were placed in the open wooden base. No cupboard doors marred the clean modern lines and folded towels were placed neatly in the space below the sinks. He guessed the dark woods were either imported or used from native species like the Hawaiian Koa tree or Hawaiian Sandalwood but he didn’t know enough about woodworking to say which one.
It definitely was not plain ol’ Maple or Oak. It held an iridescent shimmer with open grain and deep rich colors.
The windows were large and uncovered. Harry guessed being so far from civilization, no one had to worry about privacy. Ever. Even passing fishing ships wouldn’t be able to make out details from the ocean. They would be miles off shore.
He stepped into the pebbled floor of the shower and began fiddling with all the knobs until the water was perfect. It was a sexy shower. Cool water hit him from all directions. After a night of passionate love-making the liquid coursing down his overheated body was pure heaven.
Too bad the effects of the shower wouldn’t last long. The moment he stepped outside, he’d be perspiring from the tropical heat and being close to Sally.
He ached to pull her back into bed and hold her tight while they drifted off to sleep. Sex always left him sleepy and horny.
Or made him want to do it again depending on the woman. Sally was someone he wanted to fuck over and over.
He used a handful of shampoo, spread a generous amount over his hair, and massaged it into his scalp. He rinsed and used the bar of soap to scrub his body, remembering everywhere her fingers had been on his skin. It made him hot just thinking about it. Scratches marked his back where her fingers dug too deeply as he made her come repeatedly for him.
Sally was a real hellcat in bed.
Demanding. Lusty. Totally wanton.
He rinsed and turned the water off. Harry grabbed a towel and first dried his hair and then the rest of his body, being careful not to injure the family jewels.
He padded softly back into the bedroom and sorted through his luggage to find clean clothes. A cat came in and got right in the way, jumping into his open luggage. Harry scratched it on the head before gently pushing the cat off but, evidently, the attention was not enough for the feline. The cat persisted in getting in his way again and again.
“Seriously?” Harry picked up the furry intruder by the scruff of the neck and plopped her onto the bed. The cat turned around, sat down and licked its butt, pretending it was her idea to sit on the bed and not Harry’s.
His altercation with the cat was interrupted by soft laughter. Harry turned around to see Sally covering her mouth with her small hand. “I see you and Lily have met?”
“Lily? So that’s the little puss’s name? She has already laid claim to my stuff. She must think she is the reigning princess around here.”
“Actually she thinks she is the reigning queen and so do her owners. They paid a small fortune for her and she makes sure everyone knows who’s in charge.”
“Oh I see how it’s going to be…” Harry rubbed the kitten under her soft throat. “Cat’s rule and dogs drool.”
“Now you understand how things work around here,” She winked at him before sauntering out the door and down the hall. “Waffles are ready when you are, Harry.”
Harry jumped into a clean pair of tighty-whities and khaki shorts. He fumbled in his luggage before finding a suitably wrinkle free shirt. It wasn’t easy living out of a suitcase. He would have to see if he couldn’t borrow an iron later from Sally, then he’d iron and hang up the rest of his stuff for the duration of his stay.
Oh hell, he’d better do some laundry first or there wouldn’t be anything to iron.
In a rush to get to breakfast, he grabbed his boots and his last pair of clean socks. It would be easy to find Sally, because all he had to do was follow the smell of fresh waffles and the sizzle of sausage cooking. The delicious smells make his mouth water and his stomach growl.
He heard the sounds of plates clinking together in the kitchen where he assumed Sally was.
Freshly cut flowers were arranged in a vase with some fern fronds. A bowl sat on the table with fresh tropical fruit. Some things he recognized like the mangos and papaya but at least three kinds of fruit he couldn’t identify. A plate stacked full of waffles sat on the table next to a bottle of maple syrup and another plate of cooked sausages and bacon.
“Great sex and you can cook too? Woman, where’ve you been all my life?” Harry sat down at the table and finished putting on his shoes while he waited for her to finish up her tasks and sit down next to him.
“You can be a real charmer when you want to, Harry.”
“You mean the compliments?” Before she could sit, he quickly got up and pulled out the chair beside him, motioning for her to take a seat with a sweep of his hands. “That’s nothing.”
“Oh my! A gentleman too? I’m in trouble now.” She laughed and sat down in the proffered chair. He pushed it in slightly, scraping the floor as he did so.
“I’m the one in trouble. I’ve always had a thing for red-headed women with stubborn kittens who like to sit on my clothes.”
“Don’t forget I can cook.”
“Oh yeah. I can’t forget you cook. Not when the kitchen is full of delicious sights and smells.” Harry sat down next to Sally and filled a plate for himself piling it high with waffles and sausage. He finished it off by pouring at least a cup of syrup over it all. “This beats Willy’s cooking by a mile.”
She laughed and the soft sound made him grin. He liked the way it sounded.
He wrinkled up his nose, magnifying his distaste. “Every meal was served with a can of Spam.”
“Spam? That’s an island tradition around here. You’ll get used to it.”
“I’ll never get used to Spam.”
“It can be an acquired taste. If you had grown up eating canned Spam you’d know what I mean. Personally, the best way to eat it is pan fried.”
“I’ll take your word for it, just don’t try to serve it to me or I might have to turn you over my knee.” Harry grinned and rubbed his hands together. As an afterthought, he motioned to her empty plate. “Are you all done?”
“I was snacking while I was in the kitchen cooking.” She nodded but angled on the edge of her seat as if she was prepared to make more food for him instantly. “Did you get enough to eat? I can make more waffles if you want.”
“No, I’m stuffed.” He patted his belly, pushed back his chair and stood. He picked up his plate and reached for her empty one. “Let me get that for you.”
“Why, thank you Harry.” She got up and followed him into the kitchen.
“Do I get bonus points for helping you do the dishes?”
“You definitely get brownie points for your help. This is a positive sign things are going to work out between us Harry. Do you know I love to cook, but I hate doing dishes?”
“I work cheap. You can pay me in kisses.” He rinsed the dishes in the sink and began loading them into the dishwasher.
“Does it matter where I kiss you?” She asked. Harry jumped when Sally began to rub her hands over his backside. Before long her hands had stretched around his body and fingered his zipper.
“Hey, lady, watch those fingers. They’re getting a little close to my privates.
“I know, why do you think I’m doing this? It keeps you hot and bothered.” She kissed his shoulder and the nape of his neck.
 “I can think of other places I’d like you to kiss,” his voice was a deep rumbling purr.
He finished setting the plates in the dishwasher before closing it and turning his attention to the minx driving his mind and body nuts. Whatever surprise she had in store for him would have to wait until after he showed her just where she could kiss him.
* * * *
“Okay. This surprise of yours involves hiking and exercise. Do you know we could have stayed home and I would have been perfectly happy exercising with you there? All day long. In Bed.” He added the last words in case she didn’t get his meaning. Oh damn, he wished he could just chain her to the bed and keep her there for the next week but it didn’t look like that would be happening. Not at this rate. She was ignoring him.
He ran his hand up under the leg of her shorts.
“Harry!” She slapped his arm. “Stop. Right this minute. Or no fucking later.”
Okay. At least she wasn’t pretending he wasn’t there. He grasped her hand in his and kissed the back of it like a medieval knight. When she didn’t pull away, he continued to hold her smaller hand in his larger one as they walked along the red dirt trail.
“Do I get a hint at least?” He asked.
“I’m bringing the towels in case you want to get wet.” She smiled.
“Oh, I think I like it better when you are wet.”
“You are so naughty, Harry.” She tapped him playfully on the shoulder with her free hand.
“You know what they say about dirty minds…”
“No. My friends don’t have them. So I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Then I will just have to show you.” He waggled his eyebrows. “After all, they say a dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste.”
“You can hear the second hint about where we’re going. Just listen.” Sally giggled.
“I don’t hear anything different. Just the usual seagulls and the surf hitting the shore.
“Keep guessing.” Her green eyes held a sheen of purpose.
“So we’re still playing that game? I thought we were talking about getting you wet.” He growled out the words, as a wave of lust overtook his brain. Sally had no idea she had him under her spell. She was just as clueless as he was helpless to escape her silken trap.
“We are, if you are talking about going for a swim.”
“Swim?” He’d never learned to swim. An unfortunate side effect of being raised by parents who were both attorneys too busy to raise their kids. He’d had some great nannies, but they didn’t speak much English and weren’t very athletic so Harry was always the kid who didn’t know how to catch, didn’t do well in sports of any kind, and had a better chance of drowning than succeeding at swimming. Oh, he’d tried several times over the past twenty nine years. But, he usually sank like a stone.
“Yeah, swim. This beach is great for snorkeling.”
“Oh baby. Can’t we just work on our tan?”
“Even better, if you don’t mind the voyeurs.”
“What do you mean? Why would we draw a crowd? I don’t look that bad in a swimsuit. There’s no reason anyone would want to watch us get a tan.”
“Look around.” She waved her hand when they reached the beach.
Harry looked closely. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. People were laid out on beach towels. More people played in the surf. A few guys played Frisbee in the sand, running to catch the flying disc in the air. Pow! He hit his forehead. Everything clicked. This beach was different from every beach he’d been to in the past. His jaw had to be on the sand because Sally was having a good laugh on his behalf. She laughed so hard, she had to bend over to catch her breath.
Harry gasped and said, “I don’t know what’s so funny. So, it’s a nude beach. Big deal.”
“But—but—” She didn’t seem to be able to catch her breath.
“But what, Sally. It’s no big deal.”
“Don’t lie Harry. I knew you’d like this.” She deliberately teased him by removing her shirt and revealing her very beautiful naked breasts with pretty pink nipples.
He was struck dumb. She was too stunning for words, and his dick was trying to do all the thinking again.
Whoa. Down boy.
“Sally, are you sure that’s such a good idea?” He watched her eyebrows lift in an unspoken question and ran his hand through his hair sheepishly. He looked around them and all he saw were men. Staring at her. “I mean there are a lot of guys here.”
“Jealous? You shouldn’t be. I didn’t come with any of them, Harry. I came with you and I’m going home with you. Lighten up. We’re going to have a blast. Come on.” Sally grabbed him by the arm and pulled him further up the beach closer to the water. It was a strip of golden sand between the rocks with no lifeguards on duty. All the better, since no one would see him drown. Just a bunch of drooling guys who were staring at his girl.
Which reminded him. “You are damn right I’m jealous. I want to be the only man who sees you naked.”
“Does it matter when you are the only one who can take me home? To tell you the truth Harry, I’ve always dreamed about being on this beach with other men staring at me and one special man totally turned on. It makes me hot all over.”
Her face turned a dark pink and her nipples tightened. Harry watched her nude upper body blush brightly signifying her sexual desire. Her secret made her hot and turned him into a blithering idiot. He had to touch her, but there was too big an audience, so he grabbed her hand in his and held it until they reached the spot she picked out for their camp.
He wanted to shout to the gawkers: “She’s my woman and she is an exhibitionist. I’m one lucky SOB. Go find your own woman.” Every man’s secret desire was a woman who was fun, loved sex and enjoyed naughty sexual games. Goddang, this was going to be the best vacation of his life.
Harry rubbed his thumb over her hand. “You know, baby, anything that turns you on, is a double turn on for me. You are so damn sexy.”
He stopped, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her. No one was in sight at the moment so Harry took time to show her exactly how turned on he was by pressing her soft hand against his raging hard on.
“So you’re willing to stay and see if you like it?”
“Yep.” Harry said. He had nothing to be ashamed of. His cock was as big as the next guy’s he assured himself. He just hoped Sally didn’t start comparing him to all the other naked men on the beach in case he’d been fooling himself.
Oh hell. For his lady, he could do this. “I’ll try anything once.”
“Really?!” She looked like she was about to jump up and down—and with her perky breasts he knew he wouldn’t be able to do more than stare. Watching her lovely breasts jiggle would make him tongue-tied again. And, if she jumped too many times, he’d come all over the place. “Yeah.”
Carefully he took the towel from her and helped her spread it out neatly. He took a deep breath before taking off his shirt. There. That wasn’t so bad. A quick look around revealed no one was staring yet. He kicked off one shoe and then the other. Slowly, he removed each sock.
He looked up and Sally was already stark naked. It was enough to take his breath away. She was completely comfortable with her nudity, those perky perfect breasts stared him down. He raked hungry eyes over her athletic body, from her lean shoulders down to her flat stomach past her neatly trimmed mound straight to her pink painted toes and then back up again.
“Just give me a minute.” In a moment of courage, he pushed his shorts and underwear down in one fluid motion to a pile on the ground and stepped out of his clothes.
He looked back at her but he was afraid to look around and see if anyone was staring. Would they be comparing themselves to him? Worse yet, would Sally be comparing sizes? Most women said they didn’t really care about size, but that couldn’t be true could it? He felt the blood drain from his face.
“Are you okay?” Sally cocked her head sideways at him. She must have noticed him go white. “You look like you’re going to be sick.”
His hard on from earlier was gone and he was nearly flaccid. He said a silent prayer that she would wait to compare him until he was at least close to full length. “I’m just nervous. It’s nothing. I’ll get over it in a minute.”
“Good. Since I haven’t been here either I’d like to go for a walk and look around.”
“Sally, you are a naughty girl.”He said in a deep voice.
“Who, me?” She waggled her eyebrows.
“Yes. You.”
“It’s not like everyone else isn’t doing what they want.”
“Yes, but there aren’t other gorgeous women here or haven’t you noticed?”
“Bonus for me.” She covered her mouth but he could tell she was hiding a big smile. A dimple appeared on her right cheek when she began laughing.
“And I guarantee every guy here will want a piece of you.”
“Not all guys think about sex all the time.”
“No. I have to disagree. We do. Sex comes up on our minds before eating, sleeping or pretty much anything else.”
“So?”
“So my lovely, they will be watching you walk, and be picturing how gorgeous your thighs will be spread open for them and how delicious you will taste.”
His mouth began to water just thinking of her spread open for him. He reached for her hands and used them to pull her back against his body. She was soft, pliant and completely unresisting.
“So…”
“So, do I have to show you how they would see you as a sex object? How they would use your body against you?” He ran his fingers over her arms, caressing her body, slowing when she shivered under his touch, around her ribs and down her ass and then he gave a light squeeze. “Spread your legs for me, sweetheart.”
“But Harry I—what do you plan to do?” He could see the lust in her eyes but she had hesitation in her voice, And a small amount of panic.
He knelt in front of her and with the slightest pressure, she opened for him. He could smell the sweet fragrance of her very aroused pussy. “I am doing just the beginning of what every man on the beach wishes he could do. I plan to fuck you with my tongue.” He traced tiny circles around her flat stomach and she ceased to breathe for a moment. It was the biggest turn on to watch her reaction to his touch. “So when you walk by those other men you’ll remember who you will be going home with tonight and why.”
He nuzzled his face into her furry mound. One hand covered her sex, felt her dripping liquid juices on his fingers. He parted her lips and found that nub of flesh swollen and ready to be loved. She moaned and pushed her pussy towards his face.
“I don’t know if we should.” Her voice was throaty with desire.
“You’re going to let me, because I know what turns you on. Your secret’s out, darling and I’m going to give you what you crave.” He sucked her clit and moved it slowly between his tongue and his teeth. She moaned deeply arching her neck and back. It wasn’t enough for her, so he spread her thighs wider and pressed two fingers deep inside her. In and out, he slipped his fingers inside her slick cunt. She thrust her pussy in his face, riding his hand deeper until he plunged up almost all the way inside of her.
She shattered on his body, her fingers curled into his scalp but he didn’t stop. He pushed her a little harder, moving his tongue faster and sucking longer.
“More!” Her legs were locked on his neck. “Give me more, Harry! Just do it!”
She was testing his control. He wanted to throw her down on the beach and fuck her in front of everybody but that didn’t prove anything. He needed to show her and everyone else that he was in control of her. He owned her—at least for this moment. He knew it made him sounded like a caveman, but he needed to have this power as much as she needed others to see her yield to him.
She fell to the sand but he was a relentless master. He demanded her complete and unyielding submission.
He nibbled her clit.
She took everything he gave willingly, eagerly gasping for breath before he felt her breathing begin to slow to a normal level and return to calm.
“Say you belong to me, Sally.”
“As long as you want me, Harry. I’m yours.”
Sally’s eyes were slightly dilated and happily sated. It was more than he could say for himself, looking down, his little soldier sat at attention. Charged at half-mast he was ready to fuck. He was afraid he would never get enough of Sally.
His dick was already dripping pre-cum from the tip. It was nothing to be ashamed of, but it wasn’t a good thing on the beach. Sand was all over his cock. And it wasn’t going to come off easily. He needed water.
“You ready for that swim?” He could use the time to get out of the limelight. He didn’t have to look around to know every guy on the beach was staring at them. After all, they did just put on a show, and if he washed off his dick in the water at least that much of him wouldn’t be visible to the public.
 “Oh your pretty little cock is all sandy!”
Did she just call his dick little? That comment actually made him shrink just a bit. Now he felt snarky. He just gave her an orgasm and she called his dick little. “It’s kind of hard not to get sandy at a beach, Sally.”
She crawled on top of him and he felt every part of her fit to him just right. His dick nestled between her legs, her breasts flattened and pushed against his chest. The hardened peaks of her nipples were reminders of her recent arousal.
“Well, let’s go take care of that shall we?”
“I don’t want to get in too deep though. Just enough to get wet and rinse off.” He picked her up and set her onto her feet. She reached for his hand and they walked together into the gentle waves.
Harry stood and let the water wash around his ankles. “This isn’t so bad, Sally, why didn’t you tell me?”
“I tried to, but you were so upset I don’t think you were listening.”
“Is it safe to go in a little further? The sand is making my ‘guys’ itch.”
“Of course it’s safe. It’s only unsafe to swim in the winter. There is a reef here so it doesn’t get too deep. They say the snorkeling is good other times of the year.” She assured him before tugging his hand and taking him deeper into the surf.
“Thanks for the snorkeling offer, but I think I’ll pass. I don’t want to mess up my hair.” Snorkeling meant swimming and he was still unsure of the water.
She sniffed the air in disdain. “And they say women are vain. You’re worse than most of the women I know.”


Chapter Five


The waves splashed her knees just as she heard the screaming commotion from the beach. Immediately Harry and she both turned around to see what was wrong. Everyone was running—grabbing their stuff and taking off like a tornado was behind them.
And it almost looked like a tornado was chasing the terrified crowd of people. A cloud of sand billowed up behind the ATV’s racing onto the beach. Six of the red machines went in every possible direction to corral everyone.
“It’s a raid! Run!” Amid the screaming and panicking, she recognized the words SHERIFF in big bold white letters on their black vests. A gold law enforcement badge hung from a chain around the neck of each intruder.
“Oh no, the cops are here!” Sally’s heart raced in her chest and she looked around for options. They could run for their stuff but the cops would probably get there before they could.
“So? Isn’t this a nude beach?” Harry looked at her quizzically
“Yeah, but it’s still illegal to go naked.” She ran into the waves, pulling him by the wrist into deeper waters.
“What?!” Harry snapped his head around after staring at the crowd on the beach. “Are you kidding me? We can’t run from the cops. This is crazy.”
Harry looked like a deer trapped in the headlights. His wide eyes stared at her and he froze. She used her best logic to get him moving again. “We’ve got to try, Harry. I don’t think they are just giving out tickets and they can’t catch us in the water.”
“I can’t do this.” He resisted her efforts, digging his heels in the sand.
“We don’t have time to argue, Harry. Not now.”
“Sally, you don’t understand. I can’t swim.”
Well, that changed things. No wonder he was scared to go out too far, but they still didn’t have many options short of getting arrested. “It’s not deep and if we get out to the reef you can sit on it while we wait for them to leave. They probably won’t even see us that far out.”
“Okay, I just don’t want to drown.” His big brown eyes implored her to help him.
“I won’t let you drown.” She said a silent prayer she could keep her promise. She could see the water breaking about fifty yards away and most of the water inside the break line didn’t get more than five feet deep or so but if Harry couldn’t swim, then she’d be practicing those life guard moves from her Red Cross class she took her senior year in high school. “I promise.”
She peeked over her shoulder before hurrying deeper into the water. They were up to their waists and then chest deep. The police had not noticed them yet and were still occupied by the nudists on dry land.
“Sally, I’m afraid to go much further. What if I can’t reach the bottom, or get swept off my feet by a wave?”
“Don’t let go of my hand, Harry. I’ll go first and you’ll know it’s safe. Okay?”
“Okay.” He trusted her but there was hesitation in his voice.
She led the way, as fast as the water would allow her to travel. “If you get into trouble I want you to try to relax and just float. I’ll swim you to safety. Do you know how float?”
“In theory, yes. In reality, no.” He was neck deep when a miniature wave hit him in the face. He came out of it spitting water.
“Then we’re going to work on that.”
“I can’t go any farther, Sally. I just can’t.” Another small wave was coming for him and he looked scared.
“Jump up just before the wave hits and let it carry you over it. Don’t fight the water, Harry. Jump. Now!” She pulled upward on his hand as the wave hit and carried them both up and over the rounded mound of water.
This time Harry wasn’t spewing water on the other side.
“Just a little further.” She looked closely for his response.
He still seemed leery, but a lot less nervous.
The water didn’t get any deeper before they reached the reef. They climbed onto the rocky precipice and Harry sighed with relief. They sat on the coral reef watching the beach in the distance. Every so often they took a wave to their backs, but the reef broke the full power of the waves.
“We’re safe.” She said.
“For now,” he added with a note of sarcasm.
“We could be out here a while.” He didn’t look too comfortable. A vein throbbed in his neck.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Do you want to practice floating? Everybody can float.”
“Not me.” He shook his head.
“It’s a law of nature like gravity. Unless you ate rocks this morning, you can do it.” When he still looked skeptical she added, “I was a lifeguard for the local pool when I was a teenager and taught swim classes on the weekends. I can teach you to swim if you will let me.”
“Okay.”
She touched one hand on his chest, the other supported his back. “Stay relaxed and take long deep breaths. The air in your lungs will help you to stay afloat and if your muscles are tense, it will make you less buoyant. Now stretch out your hands and lean back. Make sure to put your head in the water.”
“I don’t like getting my hair wet.”
“Well that can’t be helped. You’ve got to get wet, big fella. Most kids hate to get their ears wet, but once you get over that, it gets easier. You should probably just go under to get used to the water first.”
“What?”
“Like this. One two three!” She held her nose and ducked her head down under the water.
The police had rounded up most of the stragglers on the beach by now and it looked like they were issuing tickets, then releasing the offenders.
They waited in silence as the police did their duty.
Two of the ATV’s left the beach up the red dirt road, disappearing behind the tree line. It gave Sally hope. Maybe they were going to get away with this. Their stuff was still sitting on the beach and they could put their clothes back on as soon as the rest of the cops left.
“Look, they’re leaving.” Harry pointed to the beach. Most the nudists had already disappeared and there were only a few officers left.
“Just a few more minutes and we can go back.” Sally smiled wide. Yep. They were getting away with it.
At least that’s what she thought until she heard a male voice magnified by a bullhorn. “Hey! You two out there! Get back here now!”
Sally pointed to her chest and mouthed the word ‘me.’
“Yeah, you! We need you to swim back to shore.” The guy must have had a pair of binoculars. What rotten luck.
Her heart sank.
The jig was up. The cops had spied them. Not only that, it was clear when they returned to shore, they but they were going to get a ticket just like every other poor guy here. Only now they were going to see much more of her and Harry. Not an ounce of clothing covered either one of them.
“What if we don’t swim back?”
She shrugged. “They will probably just send a boat.”
“Do you want to go further out?”
“It gets a whole lot deeper, Harry.” She warned him. “I could probably swim a little ways up the shore and hike inland, but I don’t want to see you get hurt. I’m not going to let you take any silly risks with your life.”
“You just want to give up?” He looked confused.
“I don’t see what other choice we have. Let’s go back.” She stepped off the reef and he followed her lead. They held hands continuously. The walk back Harry didn’t show as much fear.
A nice looking, dark-haired cop waited for them on the back of his ATV at the water’s edge. It was inevitable. So when it came time to exit the water, she proudly marched forward. Water beaded down between her breasts and she noted the same good looking cop couldn’t take his eyes off her boobs.
Men are so easily entertained.
She walked until she was just a few feet from the cop, still holding tightly to Harry’s hand. The other two cops walked up and whistled as they looked her and Harry over, but most likely the whistle was for her.
Sally was wet between her legs and not all of the slick moisture was from the ocean. She could smell her arousal. Could Harry or the policeman tell this was turning her on?
She bit back a smile when she saw the groin of the guy on the bike. It was obvious he liked what he saw. If she was not holding Harry’s hand she might be able to wiggle out of this ticket, but this was such a big turn on she would do it again.
“Aloha! You both know about the nudity ban on Kauai’s state beaches?”
Sally knew it wouldn’t help her but she feigned ignorance. “No, sir.”
“Well, ma’am, we’re here to enforce it.”
“But it’s a nude beach!” Harry piped up.
“It doesn’t matter. State beaches are all public property, and there is no nudity allowed in public.” The cute cop dug out a neat pad of tickets and a pen from his pocket. “Now I’ll need to see your licenses so I know who to make this out to.”
Busted…


Chapter Six


The view from the Lamborghini was beautiful, but Harry would have been a hell of a lot happier if he were driving the sleek sports car. Yesterday they were in a jeep—today a dream car. It was bright yellow and bound to turn a head or two, but when you drove a Lamborghini you wanted people to stare at you.
Sally looked completely at ease behind the wheel, her hair blowing in the breeze from the open window. The dashboard had enough lights and gages to make him believe he was in an airplane cockpit.
“I am beginning to wonder if I should ask, but just how many cars do you have access to, Sally?”
“Oh, this old thing?” She threw her head back and laughed. As if what he said was the funniest thing in the world.
Harry didn’t care for the joke. “Yeah, maybe you should be sharing your investment skills with my stockbroker. I can’t afford cars like this, how did we manage to be driving a Lamborghini?”
“It’s an older ‘98 model and it belongs to my boss, Henry Rosenthal. He just lets me drive it when they aren’t here. Their new one is sitting in a garage in Manhattan.”
“Your boss must be a real car buff.” Henry wasn’t happy with just one Lamborghini? He had to have the newest model? Harry couldn’t even imagine living like that.
“Yeah, tell me about it. There are four cars I have to drive every week to keep them running just for when they decide to get away to the islands for a week.”
“You mean there are more?” Harry made a point to close his mouth after his jaw dropped six inches.
“A Ferrari, a BMW, a Jeep, and the Lamborghini of course and… I should count the helicopter in there somewhere even though it’s not really a car. I still have to fly it once in a while.”
His head was swimming. The vehicles listed had to cost at least a million dollars total. The way she’d said the name Ferrari like it was just another car irritated him. “Hold the phone. Are you telling me you get to drive a Ferrari too?”
“A red one.” Sally nodded obviously enjoying his jealous streak.
“Lucky girl.” Harry whistled through his teeth.
“I’ll take you up for a helicopter tour around the island tomorrow if you like.” She beamed at him. “Give you a bird’s eye view.”
“That’d be cool.” Harry grinned then looked out the window at the passing forest. He mentally kicked himself for not having something better to say. The woman had every toy he could imagine and didn’t have to pay for any of it. What could he possibly offer her that she didn’t already have? If she was used to caviar taste and high maintenance there was no way he could keep up on a song writer’s salary.
The entire island of Kauai was a garden. Leafy green at every turn. A small waterfall suddenly appeared out of the rocks signaling an underground spring.
“Do you realize I have been in Hawaii four days and have yet to see a luau?”
“Luau? Why would you want to see one of those?”
Harry shrugged. “It just sounds like the thing to do. Isn’t that what everyone does when they first come to Hawaii?”
“That or go for a hike in the woods and camp out in the rain forest.” She giggled, knowing camping out in the deep woods was not Harry’s first choice for exploring the islands. “Okay, we’ll make sure we see one or two while you are here, Harry. I’ve been having so much fun I don’t want to think about you leaving just yet, but I suppose you do have to go back home.”
“In ten days, two hours and fourteen minutes. Not that I’m counting or anything.”
Sally laughed, then her cheeks turned red.
Harry couldn’t imagine why she’d be embarrassed. They hadn’t been talking about anything serious.
“Oh Harry, I’m going to miss you. Not just because of the great sex.”
They did have really great sex. When they got together, it was like gasoline and matches. She made his desire grow stronger, shine brighter, last longer. He reached over her lap and picked up her hand.
“You are sweet, and kind and I don’t know—there is just something about you that draws me to you.” There was a dreamy intimacy to her gaze.
Like a moth to the flame. Harry felt the same damn way. Was it too early to call it love? He didn’t want to scare her away but a part of his heart was deeply attached to her.
“I wish you could stay longer but while you are here I have so much to show you. I don’t want you to feel like you came to Hawaii and only saw the inside of my bedroom.”
“If that was my only memory, I’d be a very happy man.”
“Oh stop, Harry. I’m serious. I don’t know if I should take you to classic tourist attractions like the Fern Grotto or someplace you can learn a little history about the Hawaiian people. You are missing out on places like the Menehune fishpond or the Queen’s Bath.”
“The Men-ney-what?”
“The Menehune.” She repeated the word slowly for him. “The little people are mythical, kind of like the elves from European fairy tales. They are mischievous and live in the forest and hide from humans. Occasionally they build amazingly engineered places or buildings that would take years, in a single day. I know a fishpond doesn’t sound spectacular, but it’s huge. The wall dividing the fishpond is almost the size of five football fields lined from end to end.”
“That might be interesting to see.”
“Then we’ll add that to the list along with the Queen’s birthing stone. The Queen gives birth to all her kids on this rock. It used to be that only the royalty could use it. Now it’s just another tourist destination.” She laughed.
* * * *
Sally found a parking space not too far away from the local farmers market. She made parking look so damn easy, Harry wished it was him behind the wheel.
“Say, sweetheart, do you think I can drive for awhile after we’re done here?”
“Fraid not, Harry. I have strict orders from Mr. R. I’m the only one allowed to drive the cars or fly the copter for insurance purposes.”
“Hell,” Harry grumbled. He flung open the passenger door and stepped out. The heat rising from the dirt parking lot and the heavy humidity damn near knocked him on his ass. At least Sally had insisted he skip the underwear and wear a lightweight Hawaiian shirt and baggy shorts.
His legs were still a sickly white, making it obvious he was from the mainland. He should spend a little more time in the sun instead of making passionate love to Sally.
He strode around the beautiful auto, his straw flip-flops throwing dust between his toes. He put his hands on the window frame and leaned in to plant a lusty kiss on Sally’s yummy lips.
She was still grinning when he opened her door and helped her out.
“God, baby, you are delicious. Are you sure your outfit is allowed? I’d hate to get another ticket for public nudity or causing a disturbance.”
“Believe me, Harry, I’ve worn this outfit many times in public and no one has complained yet.”
“Hmmm.” He was a little suspicious. Her outfit consisted of a tiny red halter top and white daisy duke shorts. The shorts were so little they showed the bottom curve of her heart shaped ass, making it painfully obvious she didn’t have panties on. There was no room for them. “I will admit you do look positively edible.”
“Harry, you say the sweetest things.” She ran her hand down his chest and tugged at the waistband of his shorts. “I sure could use some of that fine piece of manhood you have hiding in your pants.”
Harry’s face burned. He knew what she was talking about because he couldn’t wait to get his hands and mouth on her sweet, pouty nipples. Her red top simply dared him to keep his hands to himself.
“Now, Harry,” she said demurely, “I can read your mind and you keep your hands to yourself until we’re someplace private.”
“Where might that be and how long do I have to wait?” He leaned closer. “I want to suck on you so bad my mouth is watering.”
She gave his arm a light punch. “Behave yourself. We won’t be long and then we’ll get out of here and find some lovely privacy.”
They walked toward the farmer’s market. “Remind me, what are we looking for, Sally?”
“We need things for lunch which are easy to eat with our hands and won’t get too messy.” They stopped at Banana Joes, getting a smoothie for each of them. They passed by many umbrella lined stands and Sally started picking through the fresh fruits and came up with some delicious looking Mangos, baby bananas, and Papayas.
Harry took the fruit from her and waited patiently while she picked some bright red, ripe tomatoes. Further on, she found an old woman selling fresh baked goods. Sally picked two huge chocolate chip brownies and the woman wrapped them up before handing the package to Harry.
Harry had to juggle things so he wouldn’t drop anything. He smiled and gave a hearty thanks when the old woman handed him a plastic bag. At least he wouldn’t smush a tomato or anything important.
Another table and Sally found some fresh Hawaiian bread. The farmer’s wife was happy to slice it for them. Into a fresh bag it went. Harry could smell BBQing meat. “Smell that?” he asked Sally and she grinned in response. “Can’t miss it. Follow me, honey.”
Two aisles over was a small shed with a sign above a huge open space and a deep shelf. The sign shouted out the words Harry was looking for. BBQ’d Pork; Shredded, Slabs, Ribs and Full Sides. The prices were amazingly low compared to the mainland. Harry followed Sally, drooling while she bought two pounds of shredded pork and a half pint of sauce to dip the meat in.
Wow, what a lunch this was going to be.
They made their way back to the car and Sally slid behind the wheel. She patted the seat next to her. “Come on, We have all the goodies for lunch. After lunch I have a big surprise for you.”
Dust flew as she made a fast turn and headed back the way they’d come. About a mile down the road, she made a hard right and crossed a bubbling creek. The road got rougher and Sally mumbled about bringing the jeep. A few yards further on, she pulled off the road onto a small open space.
“Come on Harry. Grab the bags and follow me.” She hopped out and ran around to meet him as he climbed out of the low slung car.
“I’m so glad you finally pulled over, sweetheart. The smell of the pork was about to drive me nuts.”
“I know what you mean, Harry. I’m looking forward to the brownies myself.” She grabbed his hand and pulled hard. “Come on, Harry. Hurry. I can’t wait for you to see this.”
She led him down the road until it narrowed to a tiny trail through the trees. Harry began to think they would never stop and he was starving for lunch and for Sally. In fact, he couldn’t figure out which he wanted to eat first. Better keep his strength up and eat lunch first.
Moments later Sally pushed her way through a patch of gigantic ferns and Harry examined their surroundings. They were in a grass covered glade only a few feet wide. On the other side of the glade was a wide, fast running stream.
“It’s an old irrigation ditch. Some of the native kids use it to tube on and they leave their tubes under that tree over there.” Sally pointed toward some trees to Harry’s right.
“You can hardly see them, but they’re always there. It doesn’t bother the kids if I use their stuff. I’ve known them since they were toddlers.” She sank to the grass in the shade of a massive Kukui nut tree and began laying out lunch using the bag as a table cloth. Harry parked his butt next to Sally and watched her. “You know, you’re gorgeous and you look about as delicious as lunch.”
Sally’s face flushed pink. “I know what you’re thinking Harry and you’ll just have to be patient. I’m hungry and I want to go tubing. I’ll make sure you get an extra special dessert after we come back.”
“I’ve never gone tubing in my life. Every time we’ve done something athletic, I’ve made a fool of myself. What makes you think this will be any different than the previous attempts?” Harry kept his head down and made a big production of putting a sandwich together. He took a large bite and chewed staring off into space. He swallowed. “Face it, Sally. I’m a big, dumb klutz.”
Sally leaned against his arm. “You’ll be fine, Harry. Promise.”
“But, honey, I don’t swim. Remember?” Harry’s stomach churned at the thought of swimming and he set the sandwich back down. Then he slipped his arm around Sally’s shoulder, hoping it would distract her.
Sally snuggled closer and he tightened his arm around her. “Come on, Harry. Take your clothes off. I promise you’ll be safe. The tubes are very sturdy and stable.”
Clothes off? Now Harry was tempted. He could do the tubing especially if it meant she’d be naked. Naked meant body rubbing against body. Naked meant delicious, screaming sex.
Naked meant he had a hard-on big enough to choke a horse. Every time he was around Sally, he had a hard-on. The mention of naked only served to lengthen and tighten his cock. Lucky for him, Sally seemed to find his hard cock fascinating.
Harry had his shirt unbuttoned and his shorts off in less time than it took to snap his fingers. Sally, seeing his shaft pointing skyward grinned and clapped. “What do you do for an encore?”
“Take your clothes off and I’ll give you the encore of your life.”
She was nude in a split second. “How’s this, Harry?”
“Oh yeah,” he whispered. “Perfect. Absolutely perfect.” Harry put his arms around Sally and kissed her like there was no tomorrow. Stroking her back and over her smooth bottom, he stopped to cup her taut globes and lifted her above his cock. He licked her nipples until she was squealing and begging for release.
“Please, please, please,” she kept whimpering. “Fuck me, Harry. Please put your cock in me. I need you.”
He slid his mouth along the slope of one breast maneuvering her until the tip of his cock touched her clit.
“Oh, God, Harry. Please.”
He lowered her at the same time his cock was sliding inside her, he was licking her neck until he reached the sweet spot under her ear. She loved when he did that. He was buried deep in her body. Lifted her up physically, she rocked against his manhood, harder and harder, faster and faster. She put her legs around his thick thighs and matched his rhythm.
His climax came fast and furious and she quickly joined him, screaming out her pleasure. Sexual fluids trickled from his cock and Sally’s thighs. She buried her face in Harry’s neck and giggled softly. “God, Harry. You are amazing. Every climax is better than the last.”
“Thanks, sweetheart. You’re pretty awesome yourself.” His cock was still rock hard when he lifted her off. “Time for a cool down.”
“Oh, hell.”
“Now, now, sweet-pea, you’re the one who said we should do some tubing. I’m ready to give it a try.”
Feet planted firmly on the ground, Sally grabbed Harry’s cock and knelt in front of him.
She slid him into her mouth and twirled her tongue around him like she was enjoying a candy cane. Harry thought he’d given her his all, but she soon proved him wrong. She grabbed and squeezed his balls in one hand and continued to suck on him.
She was humming. No, Harry decided with the third of his brain that was still working, she was purring. God she’s good. He wound his fingers in her head and urged her to pick up her rhythm. His climax was a hot explosion of semen that almost knocked them both over.
“Geez, Harry,” she wiped the corners of her mouth and licked her lips.
He untangled his fingers from her hair and knelt in front of her. “Yes?”
“That was fabulous.”
He took her hands and helped her up. “I’ll drink to that. You’ve got a magic tongue.”
“I’d say it’s you. You make me crazy. I can’t seem to keep my hands or my mouth off of you.”
“Don’t stop, Sally. You have a killer tongue and I won’t even discuss the perfection of your—pussy.”
She punched him in the shoulder. “Enough already. Come on, I’ll race you to the inner tubes.”
“You go first, I want to watch your bottom.”
Her laugh echoed through the trees. “Nice, Harry. Just when I thought I’d found a gentleman.”
He jogged along behind her. “Great view, you can’t blame me for your sexy butt.”
She turned around so quickly, Harry almost stepped on her. “Hey! What’s up?”
“You, it looks like. I turned around because turnabout is fair play. I wanted to see you cock slapping your thigh when you run. I was right too, it’s very sexy.”
“No fair. My cock bouncing around doesn’t look near as sexy as your bottom jiggling.”
She stood listening to him and when he spluttered to an end, she gave him a big kiss.
“What was that for?”
“You’re so cute. I can’t understand why no one has stolen your heart.”
“I guess women don’t find a total klutz sexy.”
Sally reached out and gently touched his cock. “Well, they are stupid. Obviously, they haven’t seen you naked. You’re gorgeous and I could care less if you’re athletic. You are a real sweetheart.”
She turned and bent over to grab the tubes out of their hiding place and gave Harry a delicious view of all her feminine wares. So much for his cock calming down. With her around it was never going to happen.
Sally pulled out a tube and handed it to Harry. It was much heavier than he’d expected and he let it slip through his hands. It bounced off his knees and toes. Harry yipped and jumped back before something important got injured.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, Harry. It won’t hurt you. Just pick it up and roll it to the water. I’m right behind you.”
Once they were on the edge of the water, Sally dropped her tube in the water and latched an arm around it. “Follow my lead Harry and you’ll be fine.”
Sally made it look easy, sliding into the opening, her bottom in the water. She leaned back, draped her legs over the edge and her arms stretched casually along the tube.
Harry did exactly as Sally had done, but with a little extra splashing. He tried to balance on the small inner tube, but somehow overcompensated and ungracefully flipped over the tube.
He slid to land on the bottom of the irrigation slough and came up spluttering and spitting water.
“Oops,” Sally smiled and Harry was happy she didn’t laugh at him. “Try again, Harry, and this time slid your whole body in at the same time. Drape your legs over the tube, lean back and relax.”
“Sure, easy. So you say. If I fall in again, it’s over. I’m not going to spend the whole day making a fool of myself for your entertainment. Besides the bottom of the slough is rough as hell and I think I scratched my butt.” His ass still hurt. “Come on, Sally, wouldn’t you rather be home in bed making love?”
“Be brave, sweetie, you can do it. Just guard the family jewels so if you do fall they don’t get injured.”
Harry took his time and moved slowly. Following her directions, he soon found himself comfortably seated. They pushed away from the bank and began to float down the ditch.
“Hey, baby. This is fun.” Harry yelled as Sally moved further away.
“If you don’t get into the center, you’re going to end up back on shore.” Sally had managed to turn around to face Harry. “Come on, Harry, you’re doing great. Keep up the good work.”
Unsure how to handle the tube, Harry came close to sliding through a couple of times, but after about a half an hour he got the hang of it.
“This is really cool, Sally,” Harry called to her. She was moving a lot faster than he was and soon she was out of sight. Now what? How was he going to find her? Worse yet, it had just dawned on him there was a big problem. How were they going to get back to their stuff? The way the water was running, they’d be in a public area in no time at all.
Oh shit. Another ticket for public nudity. Just what he needed. The first ticket hadn’t exactly been cheap.
“Sally, where the hell are you!” Harry couldn’t believe how much he sounded like some scaredy cat girl. Calm down, calm down. You’ll be fine. It’s a fact of mind over matter. Harry chanted the litany silently.
“Harry!” The sun showered through the trees making her look like a golden angel. Her wet tube lay on the grass behind her.
“Oh, thank God. I thought I’d lost you for good.”
“Don’t be silly, honey. I had my eye on you the whole time. There is no way I’d lose you.” She lowered herself into the water and caught hold of Harry’s tube. Within seconds, Harry stood next to her on the shore.
Harry threw his arms around Sally and began dancing her in circles until he was dizzy and they both toppled onto their backs. “That was f’n amazing, Sally. What a rush. And, I almost didn’t make any mistakes. For sure, I didn’t drown. I did good, didn’t I?”
“You were wonderful, Harry. I’m so proud of you.” Sally rolled over and landed on top of Harry. She wiggled her lower body until she had his shaft captured. Dropping her lips over his, she worked to support her upper body with her hands on the ground next to his head.
Her kisses were drugging and when her tongue traced his lower lip, Harry opened his mouth to let her take the kiss as deep as she wanted.
“Well, I never. Quick, cover the kids’ eyes George and take them to the car.”
Oh hell and damnation. Caught again.
Harry’s erection fell flat and he felt Sally shrink against his body.
“I’m sorry, ma’am. It’s so far from civilization, we assumed we were alone.” He explained.
“Big mistake, boy! You no lone. Cover up and get outta here or I call the cops.”
Harry opened his eyes and found himself staring up at a rather large woman in an even larger muumuu. Lord have mercy. “Our clothes are about a mile back that way,” Harry pointed north.
“Get outta here, fast. I turn around and when I turn back you better be in the water and on your way back the way you came or cops be here in minutes.”
The large woman turned and Sally pushed off of Harry and ran for dear life. She grabbed her tube on the way past and was in the water in twenty seconds flat. Harry wasn’t far behind. He dove in feet first making a huge splash, relieved when his feet hit bottom and his head was still above water.
The woman turned and watched them until they were out of sight. Sally started giggling and couldn’t seem to stop. “Holy cow, Harry. That was close.”
“Yeah, but it wasn’t your cock she almost saw. I thought I was going to die when I heard her voice.”
“Yeah,” she giggled. “You sure deflated in a hurry. Shriveled right up to a teeny weenie.”
“Are you making fun of me?”
“No way, Harry.”
“I’m glad to hear it. The thought of getting another ticket, was a little daunting.”
“Too bad, big mama has no idea what she missed. Harry, you have a beautiful cock. She might have enjoyed the sight of a real man. That man of hers was a little bitty guy. Can’t imagine she’d seen anything as impressive as your big boy in a long time.”
“Humph. How much further until we get to our clothes?” He never had a woman compliment his cock before and he secretly liked it.
“Right around the corner. You’re a tough guy, you can do it.”
“Wait up,” Harry begged. “I want to catch my breath.”
Sally was right around another bend, grinning from ear to ear. “You want to catch your breath, huh?”
Harry laughed. “Actually, I want to finish what we started before big mama caught us.”
“I wondered how long it would be before you brought ‘that up’. I’m willing and ready if you are, Harry.”
They hooked their tubes on a large branch and Sally grabbed a hold of the concrete side with her back to him. “Take me, macho man, I’m all yours.”
“Really, you don’t mind that I’m starving for your sweet pussy?”
She laughed. “Are you kidding? I’m dying to feel your big cock fill me up. Big mama sure did ruin our fun. I’d love to finish what we started.”
Harry came up behind her and grabbed the concrete walls, his hands next to hers. “Hang on baby, cause here it comes.”
His large cock slid smoothly and slowly into her heated passage and she groaned. He pulled out and slowly pushed back in, deeper this time. She mewed and rubbed her butt against his groin. “More, Harry. Hurry. Give me all of it.”
Harry obliged, by picking up the pace shoving up as high and hard as he could. He let go of the side with his right hand and stroked her clit. Soft, then hard. Soft and hard. He pushed his cock in with the same rhythm as his finger and her mewing turned to a low moan. Her internal muscles clenched and unclenched. Her internal muscles tautened sucking hard at Harry’s cock and they hit the highest peaks of pleasure at the same time.
Pure unadulterated ecstasy.
Harry slipped out after he felt her vaginal walls loosen around his dick. The water was pretty cool and it was not easy to stay hard in the chilly water.
Sally leaned back against Harry’s chest and purred. “Oh my God, Harry. You are fantastic.”
“Thanks, honey, you’re pretty hot yourself. Makes up for the interruption, doesn’t it?”
She turned in his arms and planted a sweet kiss on his mouth. “It certainly does. We’ll have to do that again sometime soon.”
Harry felt pretty proud of himself as he grabbed both inner tubes and made his way back the where they’d left their clothes.
They smiled at each other as they dressed. Harry put an arm around Sally’s waist and they both grinned all the way back to the car.


Chapter Seven


After spending six days and seven nights immersing himself completely in the Hawaiian culture, and of course having sex at every opportunity, Harry never wanted to leave.
It wasn’t the island life so much as the woman he’d met in paradise.
Something about Sally was addictive.
She was an adventure seeker. She got him into all kinds of trouble, but he loved every second of being with her. And, he had to admit, each day with her had been fun.
He adjusted the earphones on his head for a better fit. Even with the layers of insulation, he could still hear the chop-chop sound of the blades pushing through the air.
Another exciting, new experience. Harry had never been in a helicopter.
“How do you like the view?” Sally’s voice came through the intercom in his earphones.
It was difficult to take his eyes off the view. From this height, he had a different perspective of the island. The green valleys, steep cliffs, waterfalls plummeting from the heavens were nothing like he imagined. They veered west off the Nepali coast and he could see the breaking water on the steep shoreline. A few adventurous hikers walked a mountain goat trail hundreds of feet above sharp rocks. He could see the green waters protected a coral reef and the deeper blues of the ocean beyond. It really was spectacular.
“It’s incredible.” He answered into the microphone. He reached out and covered her hand on the controls. “Are we going anywhere in particular or do you have something special planned for today?”
She made no effort to retrieve her hand or shrink away. “Are you nervous, Harry?”
“A little,” he admitted. His eyes drank in the sensuality of her physique.
“We’re headed to Niihau.”
Harry nodded, and watched the land disappear beneath him to be only water. He waited a minute before asking “How far away is that? We don’t have to go to the mainland do we?”
“No, not that far. You can see it from here.” She pointed to what looked like a long thin island on the horizon.
Harry squinted. “I don’t see a city. Are you sure we can get lunch there?”
“Yeah, and it will be the most authentic, traditional luau you will experience anywhere else. Less than a hundred and fifty people live here and most of them only speak their native language. They live off the grid, without electricity or any modern conveniences. You should consider yourself lucky to see it. Most people have to be a relative to get on the island or have special permission.” Two dimples appeared on her cheeks when she smiled.
“Do we need a secret clearance to land?” Harry was amazed he was able to go on an island with such restrictions.
“No, but the government has some missile range training ground there used by several nations and that’s where the island’s money comes from. Plus they make the most gorgeous shell lei’s, some are worth over $10,000.”
He assessed her for a moment. She knew an awful lot about this island where no one was allowed to go. “Whoa. I’m impressed. So if the people have money, why doesn’t the island modernize?”
“Well, that would be up to the private owners and they love the island the way it is—natural.”
“So who do you know?”
“Not me. My boss. They are related to the private owners of the island.” She shrugged her shoulders.
He grinned. “Must be nice.”
The closer they got to the island, the greener it became. Also, instead of being a long thin island, it was appeared almost round from their vantage point.
“Yeah, I fly supplies over here once a month. I called my contact, Kuia. He is a strong man and head of a large family. Earlier this morning he sent his sons out to catch a pig. They are roasting it now. Actually they’ve been roasting it since very early this mornin’ so it will be done in time for tonight’s luau.”
“Wait, I thought you said they didn’t have anything modern like cell phones.”
“Kuia’s got a solar charger for his phone and he can get cell phone reception.”
“That’s crazy. No electricity but he can text.”
“Yep.” The dimples on her cheeks appeared mysteriously when she smiled.
Harry was speechless. The beauty of the island was breathtaking. He was even more breathless when Sally tipped the copter toward the right and cruised between two mountains. He grabbed a hold of Sally’s arm and prayed he wouldn’t fall out the door.
“Let go, Harry, I’m going to lose control and we’ll both be mincemeat. That’s lava rock below. Actually, there’s lava all over the island.”
“Lava! Holy shit. You didn’t tell me there was a volcano on the island.”
“Technically there isn’t an active volcano any more, there was one in the nineteenth century, but it is considered dead and may never blow again.”
“I sure hope you’re right.”
She patted his knee again. “Harry for a big strong man, you sure are scared of everything, I swear. You’ll be fine.”
She flew over a beautiful waterfall, turned the copter around and hovered over the falls for a few moments. “Memorize it Harry, you’ll never see a more stunning view than what’s below us.”
Harry agreed, “You’re right, it’s amazing, but you are the most stunning vision I’ve ever seen, Sally.”
He smiled when her nipples puckered. She was wearing a short t-shirt, knee length tight pants and her usual handmade flip flops. She was adorable. She was always adorable.
“Harry, stop staring at me,” Sally grinned. “You’re making me nervous. You look like you’re seriously contemplating jumping me. That’s a great idea, but in case you haven’t noticed I’m in control of a rather large, expensive piece of equipment, and it isn’t mine.”
She turned toward the beach on the eastern side of the island. “Just in case you’re wondering, Niihau is designated a critical habitat for several endangered species of birds.” She skimmed the top of the trees. “See those bright flowers?”
Harry nodded. “What are they?”
“Those are the official island flower: Pῠpῠ ke ‘oke ‘o, the white shell flower.”
“Beautiful, with a naughty sounding name. I like it.”
“Harry, are you always thinking about sex?”
“Only when you’re near. The rest of the time, I’m just a normal male and only think about sex every ten minutes or so.”
Sally laughed. “You really are a bad boy.”
“I know, but I’m cute and great in bed, you have to love me.” Oh, shit. He shouldn’t have said that. Now she probably thought he was making fun of her.
Sally didn’t say anything the rest of the trip. When they got to the beach, she found a flat spot away from the islanders and put the copter down gently. Sand kicked up and as she shut off the engine and the rotors slowed, the sand settled.
Adults and children came running.
“Wow,” Sally said with a smile. “Looks like the whole island turned out to greet us. Look, there’s Granny Llianii. She only shows up for important visitors.”
“Does that mean I’m important, or they are anxious to see the supplies you’ve brought?”
“Yes to both,” Sally slid out of the chopper and grabbed up a toddler who was much too close to the machine. “No, no, Laiki, rice shell, you will get hurt.” She put the toddler down and sent her toward her mama with a light pat on the bottom. Laiki ran off laughing.
Harry jumped when a huge, handsome Hawaiian man came up behind Sally and picked her up, lifting her high in the air.
Sally squealed and laughed. “Put me down Kuia.”
He let her slide down his body and set her on the ground. She gave him a tight squeeze, kissed him on the lips and slipped out of his embrace.
Harry grimaced. It was the famous Kuia, the man with the solar powered cell phone. God, he was massive. Kuia folded his muscular arms across his chest and grunted. His biceps bulged unnecessarily and Harry was impressed with their size and the detailed tribal tattoos around each arm.
Harry resolved to stay on the good side of this man.
The two men broke eye contact and Harry sighed. For a minute there, he’d figured his ass was grass.
Sally carried on a conversation with Kuia regarding the supplies she’d been able to procure. They bartered for a short while and eventually Kuia handed over a precious shell bracelet to Sally.
Harry tried not to be intrusive, so he looked about the sandy beach smiling and laughing at the children’s antics. He stopped laughing when he noticed a spout of steam coming from a small hole about 100 feet away from the sea. Harry acted nonchalant and prayed it wasn’t a volcano about to explode. Since no one else seemed to be upset, he figured it couldn’t be too serious.
Business done, Sally tugged Kuia over to Harry. “Harry, this is my dearest friend: Kuia.
Harry held out his hand only to have it swallowed up by Kuia’s massive hand. “Good to meet you Kuia, Sally talks about you all the time.”
Kuia hugged Sally tight against his side and Harry’s heart took a dive toward the sand. “All good, I hope?” Kuia punched Harry in the arm and made Harry feel like he was David Hyde Pierce. Little and delicate.
“So, Harry, are you ready for some island food?” Kuia queried.
“Uh, sure. Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Sure, man. You can help us lift the pig out of the pit.” Kuia kissed his fingers. “Should be falling off the bone by now. We started it late last night when we knew Sally would be bringing supplies.”
Harry had a vague idea how they had cooked the pig. He was dying to help bring the pig up and taste the roasted, steamed meat. He’d heard it was ambrosia.
The two men wandered toward the steam spout and Sally called, “Hey, who’s going to help empty the copter?”
Kuia stopped and motioned to two young, tall, heavily muscled men to get busy.
They didn’t question the order. Kuia acted the part of the leader and they looked hungry. “Right, boss. Get right on it.”
One young fellow handed boxes out to the second who stacked them next to him on the sand. Sally supervised and stayed out of the way.
The copter was empty when one of the women called, “We eat now. Hurry, before all gone.”
A large piece of cloth had been spread on the beach and there were huge platters of food. The pig rested in the place of honor on a large plank in the center of the cloth.
Wooden platters and hand carved forks were all around the edge of the cloth. People talked and laughed. Babies and toddlers cuddled up in their mother or grandmother’s laps.
Harry had never seen so much food and so many happy, laughing people. Sally sank down onto her bottom and then folded her legs in the lotus position. He followed her example and sat next to her, so close there was barely room for a paper to slip between them. They rubbed elbows and Sally laughed, leaned over and gave him a warm, sweet kiss on the lips.
“I see you staring at Kuia, are you jealous, Harry?”
“Nah, you’re sitting next to me and not him. I know you’re just friends. He doesn’t scare me...much.”
“Believe me, sweetie, Kuia wouldn’t hurt a fly. And, he knows how I feel about you.”
“How do you feel about me?”
“We’ll take a walk after we’re done eating and I’ll show you how I feel about you.”
Damn. Harry’s cock thrust forward, straining at his button fly, trying to get out. “Oh, man Sally, no fair.”
“What’s a matter, big boy?” she whispered against his ear. “Are you getting too hot to handle?” She licked his ear lobe and Harry’s body responded in the usual way.
“Stop it, Sally,” he whispered back. “If you don’t I’m going to throw you down in the middle of this delicious food and eat you until you scream for mercy.”
“Hmmm, that sounds like fun, but I don’t think the grannies would approve. You’ll just have to control yourself until later.”
The first platter of food was handed to Sally who took a spoonful and dropped it on her wooden plate. She handed the platter to Harry who did the same. And, so it went until there was not a spot of room on his plate. There was food he didn’t have space for and he was dying to try.
“Control yourself, Harry, or you will be too full to make love with me.” Sally whispered.
“I’ll be fine. Don’t worry.”
* * * *
Sally tried to help the women clear up the luau, but they waved her away, smiling like they knew a secret. She was tired after a long day but she didn’t want to not be helpful or make others serve her.
She noticed the men had done the same to Harry, telling him they would take care of putting away the supplies.
Harry met Sally a few feet away from where everyone was working. Harry grabbed her hand in his. “How much time do we have, before we have to head back to the island?”
“About an hour and then we have to get going. I don’t have a license to fly at night and it will be dark in two.” She tugged at his hand and pulled him toward the forest. “Hurry, I know the perfect spot and, no, we won’t be disturbed. Kuia will make sure of it.”
She led him to a small sheltered glen carpeted with sweet, deep green grass. A few feet from the grass was a pond and a moderately sized waterfall. The fall splashed gently into the pond. The sound would cover any sounds of euphoria they made during their lovemaking.
Harry grabbed Sally and pulled her against him. His lips crushed against her mouth and she accepted the kiss with great enthusiasm. Harry licked the edge of her full bottom lip and Sally opened her mouth to take him deeper.
With him near, her desire was only a kiss away. She’d never been this hot and ready for another man.
“Oh, Harry,” she moaned. “I want to be a part of you. I want you inside of me, deep and hot. Please Harry. Hurry. I need you.”
“Ah, hell. I hate rushing, but I know we have leave soon. Strip for me, baby and show me your gorgeous body. I want to lick you all over.”
Sally was stripped before he was done talking. “Now you. Harry, I want to see that big boy of yours standing straight and tall. I’m going to lick you like a lollipop.”
“Holy shit,” Harry mumbled stumbling out of his clothes as fast as he could move, delighting Sally.
“Hmm, I love a man in boots. Even if they are hiking boots.” Sally sidled up to Harry and rubbed her body against his, making sure his cock was caught between them. Every time she wiggled his cock grew another inch.
She wrapped her hands around his shaft and used his pre-cum to lubricate him.
Harry groaned, growled and sank to the ground while Sally was astride him. She knelt over his thighs and continued to make love to his cock. As she leaned forward and deep throated him, Harry’s hips left the ground. Sally wrapped her tongue around his shaft and sucked hard. She nipped at his crown.
Harry pleaded for Sally to move forward and put his shaft into her pussy.
Sally leaned over his face and put her nipples within sucking distance, screaming when Harry latched on and suckled hard, raising the temperature of the fire in her body. She wanted more. She wanted to end this delicious torture and then again, she wanted to make love to him forever.
He used his other hand to titillate her other nipple until it was as hard as a pebble. She was ready to implode with the passion he stirred in her blood.
Sally wiggled her ass forward until she had his cock trapped between her cunt and his body. She slid up and down his hot shaft, using her moisture and his to keep from having too much friction.
She wanted to wait just a little bit longer knowing the reward would be worth it, but Harry didn’t seem as patient. He lifted her and when his shaft pointed to the sky, he slowly lowered her wide open body onto his cock.
Harry set the rhythm and Sally clung to him tightly, trying to keep up. He grabbed her around the waist and in one quick move had her under him. Sally opened her legs as far open as possible and Harry pushed as deep as he could.
She moaned deep and throaty, “Just like that baby.”
God, he was filling her so tightly she could barely move.
She could hardly contain her lust, being with him caused emotions she couldn’t describe. Sex with him was more than physical, it reached another level that touched her soul.
Harry put a hand between them and flicked her clit with his thumb and her climax turned her into a writhing, screaming, begging overcharged sexual animal.
They reached a climax together and Sally felt as if she were reaching for the stars. In what seemed like a minute, it was over and they lay in each other’s arms panting for quite awhile before they recovered.
Sally realized the light wasn’t the same as it had been earlier.
She sat up and shook his arm gently. “Harry it’s getting dark—we have to get going.” He must have dozed off because he didn’t stir. Sally shook Harry a little harder. He grumbled and brushed at his arm.
Sally bent over and kissed his ear. He swatted at her and this time Sally let him have it, full blast. “Get up this minute, Harry Ford, or I’m leaving without you.
Harry sat up and rubbed his ear. “Okay, already! Sorry. It’s all your fault. You wear me out, Sally.”
“Me too, lover boy. Thanks it was great.”
“Do we have time to clean up?” he asked.
“Nope, sorry. We can’t be flying at night and if we leave much later we’ll be spending the night in a grass hut.” She shook her head.
Harry looked disappointed.
Sally knew he’d want a repeat. “I’ll be happy to make you happy with a repeat tonight when we get home, okay loverboy?”
“I’ll hold you to that, Sally.”
* * * *
After a night of wicked lovemaking in and out of bed, Harry was hard asleep. It was Sally that jumped out of bed immediately with fear in her heart.  
A familiar sound woke her and she worried the Rosenthal’s had come home. Keys rattled against the lock and the front door opened. She heard people talking outside the door. 
All the sounds that made her heart stop in her chest. She wasn’t ready for the Rosenthal’s to come home. Harry shouldn’t even be here!
“What are you doin?” Harry asked groggily.
“You have to get up!” She urged.
“It’s too early to get up. I have to sleep.” He covered his face with the blankets.
“No. You don’t understand.” She was shimmying into a sundress just as quickly as him. “It’s part of my agreement with the R’s. I am not allowed to have boyfriends here. They have friends that visit with small children and they don’t want them to be exposed to walking in on random naked guys. I could lose my job!”
“Oh.” That made explaining kind of difficult. He hurriedly threw on a shirt and his shoes without the socks. Those he stuffed in the pockets so he could run out of the house faster.
He ran his fingers loosely through his hair hoping it would be enough to make him presentable without a mirror. “I’ll go out the back. They’ll never see me.”
“Hurry.” Sally pleaded.
“Call me when they leave and I’ll get the rest of my things.”
“Okay, just hurry.” She was practically shoving him out of the bedroom.
But it was already too late. The Rosenthal’s stepped through the front door. He knew it had to be Mrs. R from the shock on her face. She was dressed conservatively in a tropical set of capri’s and a button-down shirt covered in blue and white Plumeria flowers. Mr. R was dressed just as casually in a set of cargo shorts and a matching Aloha shirt.
Sally stopped short. “Oh, Mr. and Mrs. R! How are you? I am very happy to see you but if you had told me you were coming I would have picked you up at the airport.”
“We didn’t want to bother you. Since we arrived at such an early hour, we had Nani drop us off.” Mrs. R smoothed down a few golden hairs that were out of place from her French twist.
“Who’s this?” Mr. R seemed far too interested in her male visitor for Sally’s comfort.
“Oh umm, this is Harry.”
“Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you Harry.” Mr. R reached out and shook Harry’s hand. “Do you live here on the island?”
“No, but I wish I did. It’s been so beautiful here on the Garden Island. Sally has been kind enough to show me around.” He hoped he didn’t give out too much information, but he knew he was walking a fine line.
“Oh really? Are you friends from on the mainland?” Mr. Rosenthal pressed Harry for more information and Harry hoped he was nearly done.
How the hell was he supposed to answer questions about their living arrangements? He tripped over his tongue trying to get his brain to form a reasonable explanation.
Luckily Sally jumped in, nervously wringing her dress in her hands. “We’re just friends from school. Harry is here for the cliff diving competition. When I found out the hotels were sold out I offered for him to stay here. I hope you don’t mind but I didn’t want to see him living out of his rental car.”
“Oh of course we don’t mind. You know we wouldn’t have a problem with you helping out someone in need. After all these years we trust you, dear.” Mrs. R assured Sally.
He saw the tension drain from Sally’s face. “I’m so relieved you’re not mad.”
“Mad? Why on earth would we be mad at you? When did you say the competition was? We haven’t made any plans while we are here and we’d love to see him perform.”Mrs. R laughed. “I enjoy watching the celebration.”
“I think they had a hula competition for the first few days and planned to end it with the cliff diving on Saturday. Is that right Harry or am I getting my dates confused?”
His ears were still ringing from the idea of jumping out into the sea from a cliff. “What?”
“The cliff diving competition. It’s on Saturday, right?”
“I’m sorry I can’t remember the right day or time right now. My brain seems to have gone to mush.”
“I’m sure it’s Saturday. I’ll get you two great seats so you won’t miss Harry. He’s a great swimmer too.”
“Oh, we’re looking forward to it. Now if you don’t mind dear, we have to go unpack. We’ll catch up later.”Mrs. R said, picking up her make-up case and heading toward the hall leading to the master bedroom.
Harry waited for them to leave before grabbing Sally by the arm and whispering in a hushed tone, “He’s a great swimmer? Why did you have to go tell them all that?”
“I’m sorry Harry! I’m a terrible liar. I just got carried away.”
She did look apologetic, but Harry wasn’t sure he wanted to buy her sweet innocent look.
“I can’t believe you made such wild promises. Do you know how badly I am afraid of heights? You never even asked. Geez. I can’t swim, much less dive off a diving board.” He poked Sally hard on her breast bone.
Harry took a deep breath.”You’ll be shocked at what a chicken I am about jumping off of cliffs. I wouldn’t do it even wearing inflatable arm floaties. Besides, if I did I would probably be laughed out of the competition.”
“Look, you don’t have to jump. We’ll think of something. If you have to, you can fake an injury or just not do it and go home early.”
“I can’t do that. You’ll get fired if they found out you lied to them.” He was afraid getting out of this pack of lies was going to be a lot harder than that.
“It doesn’t matter. I will be fine. No need to worry about me. I’m tough.” She flexed a slim arm showing of her delicate musculature.
“I will always worry about you, Sally.” What she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her but he would give his life for her well being. Unfortunately, it was his misfortune that his sentiment would be put to the test. “You don’t deserve to suffer because I came into your life.
“I haven’t suffered yet, Harry.”
Just then, their conversation was cut short because the Rosenthal’s returned.
“Who’s hungry? I’m famished and think we should order Chinese. Anyone agree?” Mrs. Rosenthal offered.
Both Harry and Sally nodded.


Chapter Eight


The week passed quickly and Saturday arrived all too soon. Harry never did figure out a way to get out of jumping off the cliff. Worse, he was being forced to sleep in the guest quarters making it nearly impossible to speak privately to Sally. Holding her or kissing her was out of the question.
Which is why he found himself on this rock fifty feet in the air staring at the roiling tide below him.
His head swam. His brain couldn’t focus. All he could see was water, waves and rocks. Lots of pointed, dangerous rocks.
Harry stood on the edge of the cliff and peered over the side. The officials said it was a fifty foot jump, but if you fell at the wrong time between the waves, it would add another ten feet or so. He watched a half dozen waves crash into the rocks below spraying white foam high in the air.
That distance could have been a hundred foot drop for all it mattered. He hated heights. He still didn’t feel very confident in his ability to swim. Sally had tried her best to teach him, but each time, Harry got interested in her breasts and before long, they were in the shallow end of the pool, fucking on the steps.
Luckily, Sally enjoyed his sexual prowess and she too seemed to forget why they were in the pool. She had managed to teach him a basic lesson on how to float, but Harry wasn’t sure what little he knew would save him.
The odds were not on his side.
His mouth went dry and his heart leapt in his chest. If it beat any harder it would be somewhere near his feet.
His head screamed at him, Don’t do it! You’re a dead man if you jump!
But his heart, still beating a million times a minute, willed him another way.
If he loved Sally, he’d make the sacrifice. Harry would jump like a man, becoming the hero of the day. He’d save Sally’s job and her home at the Rosenthal’s. He certainly couldn’t keep up with the standard of living she’d become used to over the past few years.
Harry looked into the crowd, searching out the Rosenthal’s expectant faces and his eyes stopped on Sally. She looked as frightened as he felt. Her brows knitted together in concern for him. She didn’t say stop, but she had asked him earlier not to jump.
She’d suggested he fake an injury. Begged him to do whatever it took to keep him out of the water.
Being caught in the house with her had nearly cost Sally her job and she loved that job. Harry had to do this to prove so many things. He had to jump so the R’s would know Sally hadn’t lied about why he’d been staying in the house. He had to jump to prove to himself that he wasn’t a total clown.
He had to do this for a million reasons, but the biggest one was he had to do this was for Sally.
Because he loved Sally, he would jump.
Oh, Lord how he loved Sally. Loved her like mad. He had to do this.
It sure was a hell of a long way down.
He gulped, closed his eyes, gritted his teeth and with one last request to God begging for his safety, Harry took a step and fell over the edge. The free fall scared the holy shit out of him and he found himself screaming at the top of his lungs like some sissy. Worst of all, he continued to scream until he touched the water. At least he’d had the brains to put his arms over his head, hands together like he’d seen professionals do.
A belly flop from that high up would have killed him.
His hands sliced through the cool water and all was silent. He was at peace with the world and the beauty of the sea around him.
He’d done it. He’d jumped and he was still alive.
His swimming lessons were of no help. His brain had frozen the moment he flew, screaming like a kid over the cliff. He continued to glide deep into the lagoon. The water was so blue, so calming, so freeing.
Sally came to his mind and he realized if he didn’t get some air soon, he was going to die and he wasn’t ready to die. He was in love with Sally. He needed to hold her, kiss her and love her.
Harry had to stop his descent, but how? Something Sally had told him during one of his lessons suddenly began to make sense. If he flipped his body and headed toward the blue and white of the sky and kicked with all his might, he’d resurface with little or no effort.
Air, he needed air. His screaming hadn’t left with much time to take in enough air before he hit the water. There was no way he was going to make it. He was too deep. Harry’s lungs ached for air.
His ears began to ring and the beautiful underwater scenery was turning gray.
He was going to pass out.
Sally! Sally! His mind called out to her. Would she hear him? Did she know he loved her?
* * * *
“Oh my God! What have I done?” Sally stared over the edge of the cliff. She put a hand over her heart trying to keep it from breaking in two. The moment Harry had disappeared over the cliff’s edge, she knew she’d killed him. He couldn’t swim. She’d tried and tried to teach him, but to no avail. He simply didn’t get the concept.
Of course, it hadn’t helped his lessons any that every time they went into the pool that instead of swimming, they had frequently ended up making mad, passionate love. Her butt had the bruises to prove the pool steps weren’t anything near smooth.
He’d made love to her against the side of the pool from behind. He’d spread a bath towel on the pool apron and they’d made love until Harry’s knees were in shreds from the pebbles under the towel and her butt was even more bruised.
Oh, Harry.
She loved him with all her heart. The fact he was a klutz didn’t bother her a bit. In bed he was every one of her sexual fantasies rolled into one.
She watched for a sign of Harry, but so far there was no sign of him. The man she loved was headed toward his death and it was all her fault.
	“Come on, baby. Where are you? It’s time to  surface. Hurry Harry. Hurry. I can’t lose you now.”
Nothing about the dive was turning out the way she’d planned it. They’d gone over the jump many times and it would have worked if he had stuck to the plan. He was supposed to fake an injury, and bail out of the competition at the last minute.
She took off at a dead run, grabbing a life preserver hanging on the lifeguard stand as she flew past. At the cliff, she took a wild leap into the air.
“Haaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyy!”
She fell for what seemed like forever and just before hitting the water she straightened her legs and wrapped her arms tight around the preserver. She entered the water feet first and the water enclosed her in a silent world full of colorful fish and shots of sun sparkling off everything it touched.
She searched frantically for her lover but didn’t see him anywhere.
“Oh Lord,” her brain screamed. “Please help me. I can’t see him.” She longed to screech out his name, but logic prevailed. Harry had to be here somewhere, but where? The love of her life was still underwater. If she didn’t find him soon, she’d never be able to live with herself.
She held on tightly to the preserver and turned in a slow circle until she spotted bubbles rising to the surface.
That had to be him. Other than herself, no one but Harry was in the water. Everyone else was staring over the cliff waiting silently for someone to drown. People could be such ghouls. Well, they were going to be disappointed, because today the man in danger had survived. Sally wasn’t going to let Harry drown.
She swam freestyle about ten feet to where she could still see bubbles rising and dove. Sally never swam faster or deeper. Following the bubbles she felt like an angel was looking over her shoulder. She had to save Harry and it wasn’t going to be easy. She spotted him quickly. He was panicking, flailing in the water at least ten or twelve feet below the surface. She only had a few seconds before he was a goner.
His waving in the air and his legs kicking wildly were going to make rescuing Harry very dangerous. People who were drowning often took their rescuer to their death also. She loved Harry madly, but wasn’t sure she was in the mood to die quite yet.
Sally swam below Harry and came up behind his back. Locking one hand up under an armpit, she kicked to the surface. He helped somewhat by kicking his feet, but he was not making it easy. He kept trying to grab onto her. She couldn’t let him, because they’d sink like a rock.
Kick, kick, kick.
She could see the sky above and the life preserver bobbing. The clear, blue water helped her keep going. The surface was getting closer. Her lungs felt like they were about to explode. She let out some air hoping she would make it before her body forced her to try to suck in water.
Finally, the water broke and both their heads popped to the surface.
Harry gurgled water before he screamed. “Help me!”
“Stop fighting me. I need you to try to relax and lay on your back. Just float on your back like I taught you. Come on Harry, you can do it. Just calm down. I’m here, honey.”
“‘Kay.”
Sally was relieved when Harry sucked in several lungs full of air. She was thrilled when he relaxed enough to lie back in her arms. At this rate, they might make it safely to shore after all.
“Will you be okay while I go get the life preserver? It’s right over there.”
“I don’t know.”
“You know you can. Please Harry. Please relax. You’re safe.” Sally responded. She wanted to distract him long enough so she could swim a few feet to the preserver. A moment later she wrapped an arm around the preserver and swung it around so Harry could also hang onto it.
Sally’s mind vaguely registered the crowd on the cliff screaming and cheering. She’d start screaming when she finally got Harry on dry land. Once she knew he was safe, then she’d celebrate.
Staring across the life preserver into his sweet face, she had never felt such happiness in her life. Her darling Harry was safe and sound.
* * * *
Sally pulled Harry out of the water and dropped him in the waves on the beach. He looked physically exhausted, barely having the energy to move, and he was coughing up water. The sputtering and gurgling did nothing to ease her fears.
“I’m so sorry. I should never let you do this.”
“I would have done it anyways.” He pushed up on his hands, sputtering water with every other word. “I love you Sally.”
She felt her chest squeeze with unbidden emotion. “I can’t believe you are saying this now.”
“There’s no time like the present. I nearly died just now. It helped put a lot in perspective and you are the most important person or thing in my life. I need you like I need air.”
She didn’t want to cry, so she tried to make a joke and take away the seriousness of the situation. “Are you sure you’re not saying that because I’m better in bed than anyone you’ve ever known?”
“In bed. Out of bed. All of the above. I love you.” The expression on his face said he was serious.
“Oh, I love you too, Harry.” She held him to her chest, choking on her tears. Why did it take almost dying to figure it out?
A swarm of people ran towards them on the beach. The first two Sally recognized as her employers, The Rosenthal’s. Her stomach dropped to land somewhere at her feet.
“Are you two okay? Jesus Christ! What just happened?” Mrs. R was holding her head, looking scared but happy.
“We’re fine.” Sally replied hoping to put her fears at ease.
“Brah, what happened?” Someone in the crowd asked in a loud voice.
“It was a stupid move. I shouldn’t have jumped. I can’t swim.” Harry said with downcast eyes.
“Stupid haule worse than a keike. It should be kapu if you is a kefe.” Sally felt her temper rise at another man’s insults. Harry may be a mainlander, but he was no child and he wasn’t an idiot. He just couldn’t swim. It was her fault he was there at all.
“You’re very rude. You should be ashamed of yourself. You’re being very disrespectful.” Sally jumped to Harry’s defense. “He may not be a local but I am and I understand Pidgin.” Sally growled at the racist local. Harry looked as if he was proud that she was standing up for him. “So unless you want to help—back off.”
Luckily the guy did as she asked and backed away about ten feet from her and Harry.
“Sally dear, what happened?” Mr. Rosenthal asked.
Mrs. R shook her head. “I don’t know what you were thinking when you jumped off that cliff.”
Sally felt fear grip her heart. She understood she had a lot to lose, but Harry was worth giving up everything. “I haven’t been completely honest with you two. Harry can’t swim. He’s not a cliff diver and I am so stupidly in love that I can’t think without him.”
“But why would you say he was a cliff diver? When we first met—” Mr. R had a confused look on his face and Sally felt guilt rip into her that she had deceived them both.
“I invited Harry into your home without your permission. It was true he didn’t have a hotel and it’s a long story but he doesn’t deserve you to be angry at him. This is all my fault.”
Mrs. R asked, “So that morning we saw him…?”
Sally imagined what Mrs. R was thinking and she didn’t want to lie about it. “He had been sleeping in my bed the night before. We’re a little more than friends.”
“Oh, I see.” Mr. R had a stern look on his face that caused her stomach to recoil.
She was going to lose her job over this. She loved working for them. She loved the house, but this chapter of her life had ended. “I’ll pack my things in the morning. I understand you will want me to get out quickly.”
“Sally, we have a heart.” Mrs. R said with a softer expression on her face.
Mr. Rosenthal seemed equally understanding, a smile touching the edge of his lips. “We were young and in love once too. You can’t expect us to fire you for this.”
“Dear, maybe we should discuss this in private.” Mrs. Rosenthal said.
Sally’s tears choked her. She didn’t know what to say.
Mr. Rosenthal pulled his wife close to speak to her. “I think you remember what being young and in love was like. Sally has never done this before and I am sure she learned her lesson.” The look on his face mingled with tenderness and eagerness. “Right, Sally?”
“Of course.” Sally nodded and watched while Mrs. R eyed her husband with a calculating expression. Sally couldn’t believe it. She could keep her job.
“But for the rest of his stay Harry will be in the guest house.” Mrs. R interjected.
Harry groaned but nodded complacently.
Sally’s smile disappeared. It would make sex very difficult and all she wanted anytime she was near Harry was to feel pleasures of the flesh.
She ached for him already.


Chapter NineTen


Sally made it clear she felt ripped off by the cheap hotel room but Harry would have paid double or even triple for the marathon sex last night. She laid her head on his chest and he listened to her even breathing.
“Stay with me.” Harry felt his chest swell with emotion as he stared down at the sated woman beside him. He wished it could be like this every day waking up in the arms of the woman he loved.
“What are you talking about? I’m here with you now and that’s all that matters.” Sally tossed the covers aside and thumped Harry playfully on the chest. “Why can’t we enjoy the moment?”
“I’m serious, Sally.” He caught her wrists in his hands so she wouldn’t pull away. “We could be good together.”
“I know we’re good together, but everything comes to an end sometime.” She laughingly cocked her head at him.
He was silent for a moment hoping she’d consider what he was asking her.
“You’re serious aren’t you?”
“Yeah.”
“But how can it possibly work—I live here and you live on the mainland, in Nashville, Tennessee no less. We’re from two different worlds, Harry. I’d rather we enjoy what we have than to pretend a long distance relationship will work. Sure you might make a few calls but eventually you’ll forget about me.” Her eyes mirrored the sadness in her voice.
“I want more than that and I think you do too. I know I screwed up my first marriage, but now I know what true love is, and I think we can make this work. I’m afraid you’ll have to quit your jobs, but I can take care of you in Nashville.”
“Harry, are you asking me to marry you?”
“Yes, Sally. Marry me. We can have the wedding here. I’ll fly my mom in, because if I don’t, she’ll never forgive me. We can have the wedding here since all your friends are here. Not to mention all the people you’ve acquired over the years as your family. I’ll do anything to make you happy, Sally. Anything.”
“Oh, yes! Yes, Harry. I’ll marry you.” She threw her arms around him and kissed him furiously. His cock rose to the occasion as her body slid over his.
* * * *
Harry stood at the airport waiting for his Mom. He had paid a fortune for her ticket but he couldn’t let her miss this—not for the world. It would have been great if his dad had been able to attend, but he was representing some bigwig congressman against two women charging him with harassment. The trial was due to begin the upcoming Monday. They would all miss him as Harry’s dad tended to be the life of any party.
He didn’t plan on getting married a third time. He intended to make this marriage work, even if it killed him.
Harry danced nervously, shifting his weight from side to side trying to peer around the people getting off the plane. Thirty people had already exited the plane and not one of them was his mother.
Oh wait! There she was. Mom was bent over adjusting the hem of her skirt, but she popped back up out of the crowd. She may have retired from practicing law, but she still dressed to kill, for a ten hour plane ride. For heaven sake, her business suit, nylons and black heels couldn’t possibly have been comfortable.
But to be honest, Harry couldn’t picture his mother in jeans and a tank top. She even dressed in a suit to hit the local book store or tea room. No one was like his mom.
He was elated she actually made time to come to the wedding. She may have officially retired from the practice, but her time was still consumed by her consulting business and she still never seemed to have any time for family.
“Mother!” He smiled and waved the flowered lei in the air to get her attention.
She didn’t notice him, but then, she wasn’t expecting him. He had wanted to surprise her by meeting her at the airport. He watched her smile and talk to a much younger man walking beside her. Make that hobbling with a cane.
Harry’s breath caught in his throat. He’d recognize that ugly face anywhere. It was his goddamn, good-for-nothing, cripple brother. The same one that fucked his ex-wife and then killed her.
The white lei in his hands dropped in a crushed heap at his feet. His fists curled tight. It took all his strength not to run up to his brother, throw him to the ground and beat the holy crap out of him, but he also didn’t want to get arrested for assault the day before his wedding. Sally would never forgive him. Not to mention, when the cops found out he’d beat up a cripple, they would make sure he spent plenty of time in jail. Considering his luck, the crowd would jump into the fight and take sides with the weaker of the two men.
Hell, hell, hell. Damn, damn, damn.
His vision went red and very few rational thoughts swept through his brain. He could barely form intelligible words, but he screamed them loud enough for everyone to stop and stare. “What the FUCK. Is. HE. Doing. Here?!”
His only hope was he could control his anger and not kill his brother in public.
His mother, Holly, and his good-for-nothing brother came closer, oblivious to the anger radiating from every pore of his body.
Harry couldn’t think straight. His brain was boiling with ways to murder his brother without doing life in prison.
He wanted to punch something.
Or someone.
Holly smiled warmly. “Gerry wanted to come to the wedding with me. Wasn’t that nice, darling?”
Her sticky sweet smile nauseated Harry. “You should have saved your money.” He spat out the words. His mind still boiled with thoughts of ways to deal with Gerry. Yes, the accident had been years ago, but he wanted to beat the tar out of his brother and while Gerry was flat out, Harry would sit on the asshole and tell him all about the hurt he had caused.
The words wouldn’t come. Instead, bile rose in his throat. All he felt was hate. “You are not welcome at my wedding, brother.”
Gerald remained silent through Harry’s angry outburst. The only thing he did was limp away out of the line of fire, leaning heavily on his cane.
Harry didn’t come to the airport to have a showdown with his brother especially not in such a public place. If he killed him now there would be too many witnesses. He turned to walk off, but his mother grabbed his sleeve.
He easily yanked out of her grasp and stormed off.
* * * *
Harry was in a foul mood. Sally could tell there was a layer of dark emotion under his cool exterior from the way he stormed in and threw his jacket down on the couch. With not even so much as a hello, he stomped to their bedroom and slammed the door.
“What’s wrong, Harry?” Sally asked, but he either didn’t hear her, or didn’t care to give her any details because she got no answer.
A warm hand landed on her shoulder and made her jump in fear.
Sally whipped around to see a female face attached to a very well-dressed slim body. This woman had to be Harry’s mother. Harry must have left the front door open.
“I’m afraid I am what’s wrong, dear. You must be the woman who swept Harry off his feet. I never thought he’d get married again. I am so happy to meet you!” The woman gave her no chance to react giving Sally a warm, tight hug.
“Umm, do I know you?” Sally had her suspicions that this was Harry’s mother but just to be sure, she wanted the other woman to confirm it.
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I forgot to introduce myself. I’m Holly, Harry’s mother. I am sorry he came home all out of sorts. I am afraid I didn’t tell him I was bringing his brother. I thought if I got them together, they would be able to settle their differences and forgive each other. It’s all been such a long time, I had hoped after all these years Harry might have managed to forgive his brother. Obviously, I was dreadfully wrong.” Holly continued blathering. Why the hell won’t she stop talking?
Holly stared at Sally while she stripped off long white gloves.
When had women started wearing gloves again?
“Forgive me, Mrs. Ford, but I’m at a loss. Exactly what are you talking about?”
“Oh, my. Didn’t Harry tell you, dear?”
Sally’s face must have showed her confusion, because Holly continued to rattle on, “I had no idea. I am afraid it is a scandal he probably didn’t want his new bride to worry about at such an auspicious time.”
“I must apologize...Holly, is it? But, I am totally in the dark.” Sally sighed, and gestured for Harry’s mother to take a seat in the living room with her. Holly parked herself on one of the wicker chairs and made it clear she wouldn’t be leaving any time soon.
Holly straightened her skirt and laid her gloves neatly across her lap. The woman seemed to have finally run out of steam and Sally was able to get a word in edgewise. “Uh, would you care for some fresh lemonade, Mrs. Ford?”
“That would be lovely, dear.”
Sally rushed down the hall and tried once more to get Harry to open the door, but he refused to answer, which left Sally to deal with his mother. Thanks a lot, Harry.
Sally returned with a tray loaded down with a pitcher of lemonade, glasses and fresh sugar cookies. “Please, Mrs. Ford, go on with what you were saying.”
Holly sighed. “Do call me Holly, dear. I want you to realize everything I’m telling you is true.”
What’s true? Why hadn’t Harry told her something was wrong?
Was the problem as terrible as Mrs. Ford seemed to be spouting about?
“Well, dear, you know Harry’s a good man.”
Sally nodded. “That’s one of the reasons I love him.”
“And, you do know he was married before?”
Sally nodded. Of course she knew, there were no secrets between her and Harry.
“You know things didn’t work out between them, right?”
“Well, yes, Harry told me his wife died in a car accident and his brother had been driving.” Sally ached to tell Holly to hurry the hell up. He was alone in their room, angry, upset. He needed her. She just wanted to put her arms around his big, solid body and rock him in her cradle of love.
Harry’s mother was giving her a royal headache.
Sally poured a glass full of lemonade and handed it and a napkin to Holly. “Please go on, Mrs. Ford. You’re beginning to frighten me.”
“Oh, dear. Heavens no. As near as I know it’s nothing that bad. I didn’t mean to upset you, but I think you need to know what’s going on between the two boys.” Holly took a dainty sip of her drink and set it down on the glass topped table in front of her. Sally was thankful she used her napkin.
“His wife did die in an accident, but it isn’t that simple. Before the accident, she was having an affair with Harry’s brother Gerald. I’m afraid Harry will never forgive his brother. So when Harry spotted Gerald at the airport, all hell broke loose.”
“I tried to prevent Gerald from joining me on this trip, but once he found out about the wedding I couldn’t stop him. He’s waiting in our hotel room at the moment. I’m afraid he expects to be invited to the wedding.”
Holy crap. No wonder Harry was so angry that he’d flown through the house and locked himself in their bedroom. He didn’t want to talk to his mother or his brother.
Holly looked Sally up and down. “You must be really special to have caught Harry’s heart.” Holly nodded while her eyes sparkled with approval.
“Thank you, Mrs. Ford, I think Harry is an amazing, loving man. I’ve never met a man like him before. He’s adorable, good, loving and strong.” Sally really didn’t care if the older woman approved of her or not. Harry was worth fighting for and it pissed her off to listen to his mother talk so cavalierly about Harry’s first marriage and his wife’s death.
Sally excused herself once more and walked down the hall to their bedroom. She tapped.
No answer.
She reached up over the door, and grabbed the hidden key they kept for emergencies. Opening the door, she stepped inside, and closed it behind her. Harry was spread out on the bed face up and staring at the ceiling.
“You okay, Harry?”
“No, I can’t seem to wrap my mind around Gerald being here.”
“Do you want to talk about it, honey?” She sat on the edge of the bed and stared at her feet.
“Not really. I just got the shock of my life. All I want you to do is get my mom out of the house. Go to dinner, get your nails done. Just get rid of her. I don’t have the strength to put up with her histrionics. I don’t care how you do it. Just. Get. Her. Out. Of. Here. Do whatever it is women do to keep busy.”
Whatever it is women do? Sally had never seen Harry angry and she wasn’t used to him snapping at her. Nor was she used to his sarcasm. He wasn’t acting like her Harry at all. Sally silently forgave him, only because he had never been like this before. It was all his brother’s fault.
“Look Harry, if this is about your brother, we need to talk about it. It’s better if these kinds of things don’t take over our life. If you let it smolder in your mind, eventually it’s going to come between us and ruin our marriage.”
He sat up and it was immediately evident he was miserable. His cheeks were scarlet with anger. His eyes blazed white-hot. All because of his brother. “I said, I. Don’t. Want. To. Talk. About. It.”
“Okay—okay. No reason to get nasty with me. You can protest all you want, but like it or not, we are going to talk about it. In the meantime, rest and try to relax. I want you to know, Harry, unless we talk this out there won’t be a marriage. I’m not living with this kind of stress in our lives. It will ruin our marriage. You need closure.”
Sally kissed him and wiped his face gently. “If you need me, call my cell. I’ll get back as fast as I can.” She left him to his obvious grief.
She was sure he no longer loved his dead wife. That didn’t seem to be the issue. It was all about his brother. Harry had been fine until he spotted his brother at the airport. It went much deeper than seeing his brother. Whatever it was, it had torn apart two brothers.
“Okay, Holly, I’m back! Harry seems to need some time to himself. How about we go get something to eat?” Sally smiled. She had kept her voice down during the argument, but Harry had made no effort. Chances were, Holly had heard her son’s every word.
“It’s okay dear, I heard Harry shouting and he’s all bluster. You must be a patient woman to put up with him. I’m beginning to see why Harry decided to snatch you up.”
“I’m sorry you had to hear him. He’s very hurt and doesn’t seem to want to deal with it quite yet.”
“I have to compliment you on how well you handle Harry’s anger. He’s a lucky man and I hope he comes to his senses soon. You are lovely and very charming.”
“Thank you, Holly. You’re very kind. I love Harry and I think he is worth all the carrying on.
On another subject, do you think we should pick up—what did you say his brother’s name was?” Sally blanked for a moment. She had known his name up until a moment ago, but after the argument, she had already forgotten it.
“Gerald?”
“Thank you. We can go see if he is hungry too. Where is he?”
Holly gave her a curious look. “Oh, I left him at the Sheraton. To be honest I almost forgot him at the airport. When Harry started to cause a scene, my mind froze and another passenger called me back. The whole thing was quite disturbing. I’d never seen Harry so angry. I knew he’d be upset, but I never expected him to cause such an abysmal ruckus. I got Gerald settled at the hotel, grabbed a cab and rushed over here to talk to Harry.”
“Of course.” Sally added. His mother would leave her one son high and dry while she soothed the other.
Sally hoped it wasn’t always going to be one drama after another once she was in the family. Lord help her, Sally was pretty sure she’d strangle Harry’s mother for making everything heightened with emotion.
“I’m sure Gerald is all comfy in the hotel. We’ll go there and see how he’s faring and possibly have some dinner. It was a long flight without even a peanut or a cracker.”
“Okay. Let’s go.” Sally scooped up her purse and car keys in one hand and grabbed Holly’s suitcase with the other. She really wanted to kiss her sweet lover good-bye, but she knew he was in no mood for babying. She was respecting his wishes to leave him alone.
* * * *
“Harry and Gerry have always been competitive, even from a very young age. If Harry joined the football team, Gerald wanted to become quarterback.” Holly said matter-of-factly.
“But, this time it was over a girl.” Sally gripped the steering wheel tight enough to make her knuckles ache.
“Yes, it was one girl. She played them against each other and the boys fought often as they competed for her affection.”
“Makes sense, I guess.” Sally could only imagine it was true. She was raised in a house full of girls with a divorced mother and four sisters. While all her siblings were encouraged to do what they enjoyed in life, her youngest sister had a jealous streak. It didn’t matter that Samantha was two years younger. She always had to be better, faster and stronger than Sally. If Sally climbed a tree, Samantha would try to climb higher. Which is what led to Samantha’s arm in a cast in the summer of 2001.
“Competition between siblings isn’t so unusual.” Sally was familiar with a jealous sibling trying to keep up with everything she did in her life.
Holly nodded and agreed.
“Well, I don’t see why the men in our lives should be the only ones to have some fun tonight. Have you ever tried a Bahama Mama?”
“I don’t usually drink.” Holly blinked before responding.
“Well, tonight’s a good night to start.”
They drank a few drinks together wishing the men in their lives would act like grown-ups before Holly finally excused herself.
Sally continued to drink her troubles away hours after Holly left, and it took her a while to feel it, but the drinks caught up with her when the room started spinning.
She stood up only to realize that was probably not such a good idea in her current state. She waited until the room stopped spinning before trying to walk a straight line to the exit and almost made it, but her stomach felt like it was going to heave, and her head might explode if she didn’t stop moving. The blood rushed from her head and she knew she only had a moment or two before she would black out.
She quickly grabbed the arms of the chair before she slid to the floor. People waiting for their tables turned away from her and began chuckling.
“Sally?” She recognized the voice, but she couldn’t focus on who was speaking to her. The room was spinning far too fast. She grabbed her head in both hands and looked in the direction the male voice came from.
She recognized Gerry from earlier in the hotel room. This was the last place she expected to see him.
Her stomach rolled violently, and she held out her hands defensively in front of her. “Stand back. I think I’m going to throw up.”
“Sally, are you all right?”
“No. I don’t think so.” She felt his touch on her shoulder. She was afraid to look up because of her desire to hurl.
“How much have you had to drink tonight?”
“Too much. What do you care?”
“I might be gay, but I’m not a complete asshole.”
“You aren’t gay. I know better. You had an affair with ugh—what’s—her—name?”
“Marta, and I’m gay as a man can get, Sally. I was helping to get her pregnant because Harry couldn’t do it. “
“That can’t be right.” Something was going wrong in her body. The world would not stop spinning and nothing he said was making sense. He was so not gay.
“Let me help you get home.”
“You can’t drive. You’ve been drinking, too.”
“Well. I can call a cab if you tell me where you live.”
“I can’t go anywhere. I’m too sick.” The room dimmed and her ears started ringing. She was going to pass out. Oh, shit. Not now. Not in front of a bunch of strangers. She managed to hold onto the arms of the chair, but it was getting darker by the second. A pair of strong masculine arms surrounded her. “Oh no.”
* * * *
Sally woke up with a pounding headache and a room full of screaming and the sounds of furniture crashing. She sat up too fast and almost hurled. The room started rocking and she laid back down. Were they in the middle of a hurricane? How safe was the room she was in? She put her hand over her eyes to keep out the light.
Was she in the hotel?
Her eyelids were heavy. All she could think about was going back to sleep and letting the hotel fall down around her.
Her eyes popped open and she moaned.
Who’s room was this? It sure as hell wasn’t hers. Those trousers draped over the chair certainly weren’t hers. Nothing looked like it belonged to her and it didn’t look like anything belonged to Harry.
The last thing she remembered was getting drunk off her ass, feeling sorry for herself and the whole stupid situation. She didn’t sign up for soap opera antics at her wedding, and yet, they were coming whether she wanted it or not. It was all thanks to Harry’s brother, Gerald.
In fact, Gerald was the last person she remembered seeing last night. Could this be his room?
She sat up in bed then quickly flopped back down. The room stopped spinning.
If this was Gerry’s room, she was in a hell of a lot of trouble. Harry would never understand. She had to get out of Gerry’s bed.
“Gerry get out of my way.” Harry’s voice rose above the racket in the other room.
“Harry if you would just listen…” Gerry pleaded.
“Gerry?”
Gerry had his back to her and was barring the door, his arms spread across the opening and his hands holding onto the frame so hard his knuckles were white. Why would he be doing that? It wasn’t like they did anything they needed to hide. At least she couldn’t remember doing anything. She lifted up the sheets on the bed, relieved to see she was fully clothed. “What am I doing here?”
“Sally stay out of this.” Gerry yelled over his shoulder at her.
“What the hell is she doing in your bed?!”
“I’ll explain if you just give me a chance.”
Rooooaaaaarrrr!
Harry exploded, bulldozing over Gerry. His fists moved lightning fast. Gerry hadn’t hit the floor before Harry was straddling Sally’s body.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I think so.” She felt fine except she still felt the after effects of the alcohol last night. Her head was pounding fierce as the surf after a storm, and she was still having trouble keeping her eyes open because of the morning sunlight streaming through the window.
“What are you doing here?” Harry asked.
She tried to look shocked. The last thing she could explain was how she found herself in Gerry’s bed. “I don’t know. The last thing I remember, I drank too much, and when I was leaving the bar Gerry walked up and was talking to me, but I never—”
“Slept with him? Because that’s what my ex-wife used to tell me, too.”
“Harry, I know this looks bad…”
“Hell yeah, ya think?”
“Harry, listen to me. It isn’t what it looks like. Honest.”
“I can’t believe I was worried about you.” He moved to leave her on the bed alone. “When I couldn’t find you, I called the Rosenthal’s and the police. I thought I needed to ask my family for help, and yet here you are...with my asshole brother.”
“Harry nothing happened.” She tugged at his shirt sleeve.
“I can’t believe I trusted you enough to marry you.”
“I would remember if he did anything.”
“Damn, I can’t stand your lies woman. Just go break someone else’s heart.”
“He’s gay, Harry.” She blurted out. Surely, Harry would understand they were innocent. Nothing had happened.
“Lies, lies and more lies, but you have one little problem, my dear. You need to tell them to someone who cares.” He turned his back on her and stormed out the door. Her head protested loudly when he slammed it.
Sally burst into tears. How could he possibly not trust her?
She loved him.
* * * *
“Ow.” Gerry cringed away from the ice bag Sally pressed against his black eye. “Not so hard.”
“Stop being a crybaby.” Sally was done being patient. Her wedding had been called off by the only man she’d ever loved. It was impossible not to blame Gerald. It was all his fault.
“You hold it if it hurts so much. I am not feeling real sympathetic at the moment.”
“Fine.” Gerry took the ice bag and readjusted it on his swollen eye. It had only been an hour but it was already tinged black and blue.
“We have to talk to your brother.”
Gerry shook his head. “You saw how he was. He hits first and asks questions later.”
“Harry only acted like he did to protect me. I’ve never seen him lose his temper. He’s always so calm and sweet.”
“Maybe that’s your experience, but it sure isn’t mine.” Gerry muttered.
“You ruined my life and you’re worried about getting beat up? I don’t think so. Harry is never going to marry me if he thinks we slept together. You have to fix this.”
“Just exactly do you expect me to do? You saw how Harry punched me. You think he’ll talk to me?”
The hotel door rattled and someone knocked. Loud. Gerry and Sally turned to stare at the door.
“I’ll get it. It’s probably my mother.” Gerry grabbed his cane and limped to the door.
“Kai, what are you doing here?” Gerry blocked the other man with his body and the door.
“You said I should come back this morning for our date. Oh brother, what happened to you?” Kai asked.
“It’s nothing, really.” Then he removed the ice bag to show the damage. “See?”
“I don’t call dat nothin’. Who did dat to you, mon?” The man, Kai, sounded angry. He shoved past Gerry and stormed into the room.
Sally stifled a smile when she saw Kai for the first time. He was short and his sleek brown skin and thick wavy jet-black hair made it clear he was of island descent.
“Hey!” Gerry moved to stop him, but Kai had already come in.
“Did you do dis?” Kai’s angry face reminded Sally of one of those little ankle-bitter dogs. The man actually growled at her. She tried not to laugh, because he was so small and delicate, she couldn’t imagine him doing anyone any harm.
“No, it was my brother.” Garry was quick to assure Kai.
“Brah’s don’t do this to each other.”
“I was just trying to talk Gerry into going to see Harry. They need to talk it out, but Gerry won’t go.”
“I go.” Kai said firmly.
“Do you think you could help talk some sense into Harry? He’s acting like an ass right now.” Sally hated pushing Gerry’s buttons, but it seemed to be working. Gerry was pacing around and grumbling. She’d gotten under Gerry’s skin and he didn’t seem to want Kai to step in and save his butt.
She had no idea who Kai was, but Gerry didn’t want him to step in and “help.” If Kai went, then she was sure Gerry would want to go to keep an eye on Kai.
Sally decided then and there, she didn’t care who Kai was, but it would be a good idea to take him with them to talk to Harry.
“Yah man, I talk sense into him.” Kai pounded his fist into his open palm for emphasis.
“Hey, hey! You can’t just walk up to someone and beat the crap out of them.” Sally protested even if Harry did deserve it, she didn’t want to see him hurt.
“That’s what happened to you isn’t it, Gerry?” Kai badgered.
Sally put her hand over her mouth. For some reason the two men reminded her of an old married couple.
“Sally you aren’t helping.” Gerry hobbled slowly into the middle of the room.
“So, does that means you’re coming with us? I think it’s long past time you two men talked out your differences. I’m past caring if it means I don’t get a wedding. Harry hurts inside every time your name is brought up.”
“That’s why I think it’s best if we just leave this whole thing alone.”
“Did you fly all the way out here to leave this thing alone?”
“No, but things are different now.”
“How so?”
“Sally, you aren’t giving me a chance. I just want to see Harry happy. I don’t want to cause him pain any more than you do.”
“Then fix this.” Sally pleaded.
“Fine.” Gerry let out a long sigh. “I give up. You are as relentless as a shark that’s smelled blood.”
“So I’ve heard.” She smiled, smug.
“I can’t wait to meet dis guy.” Kai crossed his arms while leaning against the dresser.
“You’re not going Kai. This is none of your business.”
“What’s your business, is my business.” Kai flexed his muscles. Sally had to admit the man took care of himself. He had a great set of arms and a nice broad chest. No wonder Gerald was enamored of Kai.
“God, I can’t believe I am saying this, but you can come if you promise to behave. Kai, I won’t have any more fighting.” Gerry ran a hand through his hair in frustration. The act reminded her of Harry when he got agitated. It was easy to see the resemblance between the two brothers.
Kai nodded but didn’t say anything. Sally took that as a yes.
“Well let’s go.” Sally piped up before picking up her car keys on the nightstand. “I’ll drive since I have to pick up my car from the valet service downstairs. It’s not a Lamborghini, but you guys don’t mind squeezing into a BMW do you?”
Sally didn’t expect any complaints.
* * * *
Kai was the first one up to the door. Sally was helping Gerry to the entrance, and couldn’t see anything over his shoulder. She hoped Kai would behave as promised. Kai knocked on the door and when Harry answered, she heard him ask. “Are you Harry Ford?”
“Yeah, who’s asking?”
“I have a knuckle sandwich for you, brah.”
And that was all the warning Harry got before Kai’s knee slammed into his balls, and his leg kicked in the side of Harry’s knee bringing him down to Kai’s level. Harry didn’t even have time to react to the first hit before Kai’s fist impacted with his face. Harry’s nose gushed blood and Kai was on him like a little rat terrier. Swift fists hit Harry in the head.
Harry crouched on the floor holding his balls in one hand and covering his face with the other.
“How do you like it, eh brah? You like to pick on da handicapped, but don’t like it when someone smaller than you picks on you.”
“What the fuck?” Shock blew through Sally’s body. She hadn’t expected mayhem from two civilized men.
“Kai stop!” Gerry seemed to have more working brain cells than she did at the moment because at least he kept moving so he could eventually intervene in the fight. It took him a few more seconds to limp up the steps but he pulled Kai off Harry by the collar of his shirt. “What were you thinking?”
“You my friend brah and I protect my friends. Just because you’s gay gives him no right to beat you up.”
“Harry didn’t…” Gerry shook his head and put his hand to his forehead in frustration. “I deserved the black eye, Kai.”
“You didn’t deserve to get hit.” Sally crooned over Gerry’s shoulder. “Harry, however did.”
“Yes, he did deserve it.” Harry sat up from the ground with one hand on his man parts and the other on his nose.
“Harry, stop acting stupid and listen for once. You weren’t supposed to get your ass kicked.”
“It was good for him.” Kai quipped. “Serve him right.”
“Get away from me, you little fuck. Damn, did you break my knee?”
“It not broken. Just slipped a little so you ken not run away like a girl.” Kai laughed cruelly. “I fix later.”
Sally pushed him to the side. Kai was acting downright mean.
“Come on honey, let’s get you inside.” She helped hoist Harry to his feet and led him inside his room.
“Great. Now they can leave.” Harry was hanging onto Sally for dear life. “What is the matter with that little Tasmanian Devil?
“No. You brothers waited too long to get this out in the open. Gerry has something to tell you and you need to shut up and listen.”
“Maybe I should make some coffee first.” Gerry offered, making his way to the tiny coffee maker at the back of the room.
“Just get to the point, Gerry. I think you have procrastinated long enough.” Sally was ready to knock the brother’s heads together if it would help them listen to each other’s stories. Talk about stubborn. They could work things out if they would open their ears and hearts to each other.
Gerry cleared his throat. “I am sorry. I am truly sorry for everything. For your ex-wife. For Sally. I didn’t mean to meddle in things either time. I just want to see you happy.”
“Don’t bullshit me.” Harry pulled himself up on the bed, sat down holding his knee, and gave Kai a really nasty scowl. If looks could kill, Kai should be dropping over dead any minute now.
“I can explain last night, but if you’ve already made up your mind, you’re not going to believe me. If you can’t trust the women you love or the brother you used to love, then things are never going to work out.”
“I trust her. It’s you I don’t trust. You could have drugged her with that date rape drug to get her to sleep with you.”
“He didn’t drug me, Harry.” Sally’s voice trembled. How can you accuse your brother of such a terrible thing? Sometimes I just want to knock you in the head—you are so damn dense.
“Do you remember what happened last night, Sally?” Harry asked her.
“No, but it shouldn’t matter.” Sally was getting irritated.
“You no make sense, haule. Gerry wouldn’t have slept with her. He was in my bed last night. All night.” Kai sounded way too smug. “And I’m glad, because all his loving would be wasted on a woman.”
“Whoa.” Sally was suddenly very icked out. She held both hands on her ears. “That is TMI.”
“What did you say?” Harry asked Kai.
“We’re lovers. I’m gay, Harry. I’ve been trying to tell you for years. There was just never a good time or place. I’ve tried to hide it all my life because I wanted our family’s approval. I wanted your approval. Everything I did was done for you and I was stupid.”
“You fucked my wife for me? Fuck you very much. Don’t try and blame me for your stupidity.” Harry was having no part of Gerry’s sudden outpour of emotion.
“And for that, I am truly sorry. If I had known how it would end, I never would have done it, but Marta begged me.”
“It’s not fair for you to accuse a dead woman when we can’t hear her side of the story.”
“She was married to you for two years Harry. Two years, and all she ever wanted was a baby. Did you ever think she would stop at a no?”
“I tried to give her a baby. God just didn’t plan our lives that way.” Harry looked really hurt, his face pinched with pain from years past.
“When you wouldn’t go to the doctors for help she came to me for help.”
“Why would she do that? She said she was okay with not having a baby.” Harry’s shocked expression worried Sally.
“She loved you but she wanted a baby more than a marriage. She figured because we were brothers the baby would look like you. Since you couldn’t give it to her, I was the runner-up.”
“Well weren’t you lucky.” Harry looked like shit and sounded even worse.
“I am sorry.” Gerry placed a hand on Harry’s shoulder. Harry surprised everyone by leaning into Gerry’s hand for comfort. “I should have told you. I never meant to hurt you.”
“It’s okay. I am in shock, but I’m not hurt.” Harry was visibly shaken.
Sally had a hard time believing it.
“You’re not?” Sally sat on the other side of Harry. “But Harry you talked about this when we first met. You wouldn’t have brought it up if it wasn’t a burden on your heart.”
Harry swallowed and then he looked at her with love in his eyes. “I can’t say what’s different between Marta and you Sally but there is a big difference between what I feel now versus then.”
“I wish you didn’t have to get hurt so bad, Harry.” She tried to swallow the lump that lingered in her throat.
“I am not the same man.”
“I know.” She watched his expression with acute and loving anxiety.
“It’s okay because my heart healed the day I met you Sally.” He gave her a meaningful look. “You’re my soul mate. It just took me a long time to figure it out.”
“Two weeks?”
“Okay, so I knew it on the first day. I just didn’t think you would take my proposal on the beach after I stepped on the jelly fish.” He cracked a smile and pulled her against him.
“So does this mean the wedding is back on?” Sally was so relieved. She didn’t want to lose Harry.
Calling off the wedding permanently would have broken her heart. Not to mention, her father would kill Harry for cancelling at the last minute when so much of her family was flying in for the celebration from New York City.
“Are we all forgiven now? You brah’s make up with each other?” Kai intervened.
“Yeah, we’re all friends now. Except for you Kai. You didn’t have to beat me up or fuck up my leg.”
“You needed beating to listen. You no beat—you no listen. I fix now, yeah?” Kai didn’t wait for Harry to say yes. He moved around to stand in front of Harry and placed his leg between his knees and then twisted the kneecap with a quick jerk.
Harry screamed. His face the picture of pure agony. A few seconds later Harry rubbed his injured knee with a curious expression on his face. “What did you do?”
“It all better now, yeah?”
“Yeah, but what did you do?” Harry asked again.
“I fix it.” Kai looked content. “Study Kung Fu for fourteen years. Not bad, eh?”
“How old are you? You don’t even look eighteen years old.” Harry asked.
“Old enough to kick your ass again, brah.”
“Not if I can help it. Come here you imp. You’re mine and I expect you to keep your hands off my brother.” Gerry pulled Kai into his lap and gave him a playful kiss. “There will be no more ass kicking unless I am intimately involved. Understand Kai?”


Chapter Tenwelve


Sally stood in the slide-by window leading to her lanai and watched the late afternoon rain. The rain never lasted long, and after living on the island for many years, she knew it would end soon.
For the first time, she was worried the rain wouldn’t stop in time.
Today was the most important day of her life and it was raining cats and dogs.
She checked the clock on the bedside table. Only an hour and a half to go and it was still raining.
Tears formed in her eyes and she waved her hands in front of her face to stop them. Luckily, she was wearing waterproof mascara or she’d look like a raccoon.
She was dying to get dressed, but her mother told her it was too early. Sally was tired of waiting. It was her day, and she wanted to do what she wanted to do, when she wanted to do it.
Where was Harry? What was he doing? Was he watching the rain and wishing it would end? Or, was he relaxing, having a celebratory drink with her father?
He’d better not be.
The last thing she needed was a tipsy groom. Bless him, Harry was frequently a klutz, and she could handle that, but a tipsy Harry was the last thing she wanted at her wedding.
Make that their wedding.
Sally gave up watching the rain and began pacing around her room. Was she making a mistake? No. She loved Harry with all her heart. She was just suffering from pre-wedding nerves.
A tap at the door and Mrs. R walked in smiling from ear to ear.
“So, dear, how are you doing? Are you getting those second thought blues?”
Sally stopped pacing long enough to nod. A moment later she was back to wearing a path in the woven rattan carpet.
“Well, if it will make you feel better, Sally, Harry is just as anxious as you. He’s not real happy with your rule of not being able to see his bride before the wedding. I think he’s afraid you’ll change your mind about marrying him.”
“I am not going to change my mind. I love Harry with all my heart. I can’t wait to become Mrs. Harrison Ford. I was hoping to have his babies, but I can live without having kids.” She looked Mrs. R in the eyes. She sighed. “Can’t you just picture three or four little Fords running around naked on the beach? They would be so damn cute the naked rules would change just for our little ones.”
Mrs. R. giggled. Sally had never heard her boss giggle before. “Honey, they didn’t change the rules for my little tykes, what makes you think they’ll change the rules for yours?”
There wasn’t going to be any babies unless they did some pretty fancy medical work. Only problem was, those kind of medical procedures were expensive.
Harry had agreed to accompany Sally to a specialist. He had even agreed to having a sperm count done. When the specialist told them there was a slight chance they could conceive, they had both wept for joy. There was one problem. The procedures were very expensive.
Sally ran her hands down her flat tummy and prayed for a miracle.
* * * *
“Time to get dressed, honey,” Sally’s mom interrupted her thoughts.
Sally didn’t say anything, she just sat on a stool in front of the bathroom mirror while her mother did her hair. She pulled all but a few curls away from Sally’s face and using rhinestone clips fastened her hair behind her ears. Golden-red curls spilled down Sally’s back.
Her mom turned the stool around and did her make-up. Sally remained silent. “Are you feeling okay, Sally?” her mother prodded.
“I’m fine. Just nervous. What if he doesn’t show up, Mom?”
Her mom gave her a hug. “He’ll be there, dear, don’t you worry. Gerald, your father, and Mr. R are all making sure he’s dressed properly and he’ll be on the beach waiting for you with time to spare.”
Sally let out a sigh of relief. Not only was Harry a little klutzy, but he had a tendency to forget to watch the clock. He was always running on Hawaiian time. Slow.
As expected, the last of the rain had blown away, just as it did every day. In its wake, it left the tropical scent of flowers and salt. Every plant and tree was washed to a sharp, brilliant green.
Her mom pinned a delicate branch of tiny, white orchids in her hair and wound pearls through the flowers and curls.
She stood back to admire her work. “Oh, darling, you are gorgeous. Harry is a very lucky man.”
In the bedroom, Sally removed her clothes and underwear. She stepped into a lacy thong and her mother and Mrs. R held the dress for Sally to step into it. They slid the bias cut, white silk gown up and settled the tiny straps on her shoulders. Mrs. R pulled up the hidden zipper and stepped back.
Both older women had tears in their eyes.
“What’s wrong?” Sally queried.
“Nothing, darling.”
Sally stood in front of the mirror on the back of her closet door and couldn’t believe the beautiful woman in the glass was her.
* * * *
“Hurry Sally, the sun is about to set. Everyone is on the beach waiting for you.”
“Is Harry there, Mom?”
“Oh yes, and he’s as nervous as a bunch of cats in a room full of rocking chairs.”
Mr. R and Sally’s father met the women at the door leading to the broad stone steps leading to the beach. The women hurried ahead and joined the group gathered close to the ocean.
Each man took one of Sally’s arms and they all walked slowly down the steps and across the sand.
Sally’s bare feet sank into the warm, damp sand and she smiled. It was here she’d met Harry, it was only right that they be married in the same place at sunset.
Harry’s mouth dropped open when Sally and the two older men arrived at the back of the crowd. The group parted like Moses parted the sea and there was a wide aisle for them to walk down.
Her father kissed her and gave her hand to Harry, before he moved to stand next to her mom.
He kissed her on the right cheek and whispered, “You are so beautiful. What did I do to deserve you?”
She smiled and whispered back. “Nothing special. You were just you, and I fell in love the minute you landed in the tide pool in front of me. It was the kelp on your head that got me. You were adorable.”
“I love you, Sally,” Harry whispered soft as the wind.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” the pastor intoned gathering everyone’s attention. “We are gathered here today to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony. If anyone knows why this couple should not wed, should speak now or forever hold your peace.”
Only the sound of the sea filled the air.
Sally and Harry clasped hands and faced each other.
The sun sat on the horizon, lighting up the evening sky with a brilliant rainbow of color.
The pastor finally finished the ceremony and said, “Ladies and gentlemen may I present Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Ford.”
Harry pulled Sally close and kissed her long and hard while the group whistled, clapped and a chorus of children sang the Hawaiian Wedding Song.
“Forever and ever, Sally. I love you.”
“Always and ever, Harry. I love you.”
The sky turned dark purple and navy blue while Harry and Sally continued to kiss.
A blaze of light shot across the sky and disappeared into the night and an old Hawaiian woman said it was a sign of good luck and many babies.


Epilogue


“Here she is, sweetheart, our little Lalanii.” Harry handed over a tiny bundle of pink blanket.
“Come on boys, gather round and say hello to your new baby sister,” Harry held out his hands and two sets of twin boys joined him at the side of the bed.
“Oh, Harry, she’s so beautiful.”
“Yep, just like her mother.”
“Happy seventh anniversary, darling.”
“I love you, Sally. Thank you for the best anniversary present a man could ask for.”
Sally smiled at her little group.
The old Hawaiian woman had been right. The shooting star had brought them many happy days and many adorable children.
Always and forever.
Harry and Sally’s life was truly blessed.








Sneak Peek into

the follow-up story


Bareback on the Beach

Available from Sugar and Spice Publishing
And at various ebook distributors

Bareback on the Beach 

Chapter One


As soon as Gerald Ford got off the plane the humidity about knocked him over. It was hot and the air was thick and humid. The air conditioning at the airport did little to help. He was dripping sweat in only a few minutes. It would be a long time before he was used to this and he couldn’t imagine ever growing used to this crazy tropical weather in the short time he had before he left the tiny island.
Then again, a few rainstorms would be nothing compared to the wrath of his brother. His brother didn’t know he was coming and this whole trip could go very badly. Badly meaning he would be leaving in a casket.
He tried not to think about any details of his trip as he waited patiently for the crowd to thin and his mother to go first before using his cane and limping into the empty waiting area. He had a small bag with his laptop in it slung over one shoulder which made it a little more difficult than normal to keep his balance.
The twelve hour expedition with the nine hour plane ride and two stopovers was just about done and he was more wound up than ever. He was in paradise—he should be happy as hell but he was here to support his mother and be here for his brother’s wedding. 
A brother he hadn’t spoken to in too many years to count. A brother who didn’t know he was coming across the country to see. He hoped by now that Harry forgave him but he wouldn’t be surprised if Harry still wanted to kick his ass. If their positions were reversed he might feel the same way.
Then again, Harry had a pretty bad temper. 
Gerald couldn’t blame him really. Harry had never forgiven him when he found out he had been fucking his wife. Not many people could get over something that big, and the way he had found out was horrible. Gerry and Marta had just checked out of a hotel room and were on the way back home when they were struck by a sixteen wheeler. Marta had died instantly but the accident left Gerry a cripple for life. That one moment in time changed his forever and it destroyed Harry to lose his wife.
Marta had always been a friend, even before she fell for Harry. They knew each other from grade school and grew up in the same town. It felt natural that she should be the first one he told he thought he was gay and she seemed supportive. 
At first.
The whole situation where he found himself in bed with her was a bad accident and he regretted it now because it cost him his brother’s friendship. She suggested that to be sure he was gay, he might try sleeping with a woman. 
Her, specifically. 
If things didn’t work out, it wouldn’t matter because, well—they were friends. That wasn’t so bad because it was way before she and Harry had gotten married.
He had not sex with anyone before that night and he couldn’t even say sex with her was that good. But one night led to another and when she found out Harry had a low sperm count and wanted a baby, it just kept going. It was one excuse after another to keep him as a lover chained to her bed. It felt wrong and sex with her made him feel used and dirty.
Gerry should have just held out for the right guy to come along. After all these years, he still hadn’t had a steady guy in his life and Marta couldn’t fill that hole in his life no matter how much she tried. She didn’t take it well. She promised to reveal him and their secret relationship. She wouldn’t let go no matter what Gerry did or said and yet, she wasn’t about to leave Harry, either. She did her best to hang on to both him and Harry.
Gerry recognized Harry across the empty waiting area immediately.   
He looked good. Tanner than normal—happier than ever and a ring of flowers dangled from his hand that was probably meant for their mother. He was dressed in a ridiculously fruity tropical shirt and khaki shorts. He had a pair of leather sandals on his feet and looked so relaxed and happy. Gerry knew the instant Harry recognized he was there at the airport.
He changed immediately. The smile dropped from Harry’s face and his demeanor grew stone cold. Harry’s muscles seemed to lock up in his arms and legs, making him look straighter, and more awkward. A muscle in his jaw ticked. 
Yeah, Harry recognized him all right.
Gerald gathered up the courage to come closer, using his cane to limp after his mother and closer to his red-faced brother. 
“What the fuck is he doing here?” Harry asked.
“Gerry came to see you get married. Isn’t that nice?” His mom tried to act like it was all Gerry’s idea to come. She flashed both of them a smile and then pulled him closer to Harry. As if she had no clue there was a storm brewing in Harry. The man was ready to fight and bringing the two of them together probably wasn’t a good idea. Not that she would ever admit to it being a bad idea.
Gee thanks, mom.
Harry wasn’t amused in the slightest. He looked mad enough to spit. His face was bright red and his muscles in his neck pulsed with restrained anger. “You should have saved your money. You are not welcome at my wedding, brother.” Harry turned to walk off but his mother held on to his sleeve.
“Wait—son. It was my idea he come.” Finally the truth came out. His mother looked embarrassed to admit it, but it was all her idea. She worried her bottom lip between her teeth. Gerry should have known better to come at all, even with all his mother’s pleading. He was such a softie when it came to her. “Please don’t hold this against him.”
“I’m not discussing this here, mom,” Harry snarled and dismissed Gerry with a wave. “We’re in a public place.” 
Gerry would hate to see what would happen to him if Harry met him in a dark alley somewhere. With no rules of society to hold him back, he could be a dead man or at least a badly broken one. 
“Then we can discuss it later but it’s time we had you boys get this out in the open.” Their mom remained immoveable in her position on this argument. She loved confrontations and getting things out in the open. It was why she became a lawyer and stayed in the same career field for so many years. 
“Not unless you want to see a boxing match.” Harry folded his arms indignantly.
“You have to work it out sometime. You can’t avoid this forever, Harry.” Mommy dearest couldn’t force the issue but Gerry did see one thing as a positive. This was the longest amount of time Harry had spent in Gerry’s presence since the funeral.
“No? But I’m a grown man and I can live my life the way I want—just like him.” He pointed to Gerry, “He can live life the way he fucking wants on the other side of the fucking world for all I care.” 
“Fucking go to hell, Gerry.” Harry growled. 
Harry stomped off and Gerry watched his mother try to catch up with him. Harry took a step and she had to take four just to keep up with his pace. 
Things were going to be okay. The meeting was more than he expected. Harry spoke to him. For some reason he never expected to get this far. Maybe his mom was right, maybe his brother would come around now that he found another woman to fill his life again. 
Gerry would catch up with his mom later at the hotel and find out if his older brother calmed down at all. It may be a few more years to before they had a real relationship but maybe by then Harry could tolerate him for family gatherings or in small doses. 
It hurt like hell to watch his brother walk away like that but Gerry understood why he was so mad. Even if Harry forgave him for what happened, he wasn’t sure things would ever be the same. Harry might be capable of forgiveness, but the trouble was Gerry wasn’t sure he could forgive himself either for what happened. 
****
Gerry did his physical therapy religiously. It was his only hope of not being a fucking cripple for the rest of his life. When he got to the hotel and found it had a gym, he decided it was probably a good idea to use up some of this nervous energy instead of beating himself up about what happened this afternoon.
It was out of his control.
He did his normal routine like a robot, counting the repetitions until he got to the leg lifts. It was painful and he pushed himself to do more weight than normal. Half of his muscles were missing and the doctors had to graft skin over the wound to replace what was missing. The scarred and twisted leg drew many stares when he wore shorts but he had learned to ignore most of them. It still bothered him but he pretended it didn’t. It was a tough façade to put up for the rest of the world.
The muscles that were left had to work twice as hard to support his weight and help him move.  That was why he had to make sure to do the exercises, no matter how painful they were. He gritted his teeth with each painful extension, fire streaking through his calf muscle straight into the tip of his toes. 
Every day he lived with this physical pain, but he hoped one day this would eventually go away. The mental anguish never seemed to get any better. Every day he kicked himself for making the choice to have an affair with Harry’s wife and now he had to live with this heartache for the rest of his life.
From across the room, he spotted a young man, whom Gerry guessed was about twenty-something, that kept staring at him. It gave him goose bumps. 
Being stared at was nothing new to Gerry. He tried to ignore it, but his attention kept getting drawn back to the young man again and again. He looked like a local island boy, with his short, dark black hair and brown skin. Those dark eyes haunted him. 
He was without his cane, so he had a more pronounced limp than ever as he made his way to the towel rack. He grabbed one and mopped the sweat off his brow, throwing it over his shoulder. He walked close to the wall, using it to help him support his weight and make his way back to the locker room. He didn’t feel like going up to an empty hotel room just yet, but he could relax his tired muscles in the sauna and then get a shower. 
Island Boy got the same idea at the same time and seemed to follow him. Keeping his distance, of course. 
Gerald did his best to ignore him. It was probably his imagination after all, and hurriedly undressed in the locker room. He wrapped a towel around his waist and made his way down the hallway to the sauna. He wasn’t worried about being undressed because this hotel featured a Men and Women’s Sauna. No one of the opposite sex was going to be there.  
Just him and his sexy tag-a-long he affectionately named Island Boy.
He pushed the door open and was hit in the face with hot steam and the clean smell of wood. He sat down in a corner, laid his head back against the wall, and closed his eyes. 
Gerry heard the distinctive sound of a door open and close. He didn’t bother to look up. He knew instinctively who it was. 
“Aloha. Do you mind if I join you?” Island Boy spoke to him for the first time. He was wrapped in a small white towel like Gerry but he was much smaller than him. He was skinny, short and with not an ounce of extra fat on his body. He was half the size of Gerry.  
Gerry looked at him directly, frowning as he did. The kid was cute and if he was back at home he may have made a pass at him, but right now the last thing he wanted was company of any sort. He felt defensive, protective of himself after his brother refused to talk to him this afternoon. That defensive wall was a protective mechanism. He shrugged his shoulders. “It’s a free country.”
“Thanks.” Island Boy flashed a sexier than hell smile, his white teeth contrasting starkly with his dark skin. Even without saying much of anything he had this bubbly personality that came across in a look. He was happy from the heart with a real happiness, not the fake thing Gerry had to dredge up and pretend was a smile. It felt like a grimace and he knew he was pretending to be happy for other people. It just felt wrong to even try. 
Gerry just didn’t feel like being social today. He couldn’t handle putting on another happy face. He hated feeling fake and Mr. Sunshine here next to him wasn’t helping him.  He leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes again while Island Boy came into the cramped room and sat down. 
“You not from around here, are you?” Island Boy didn’t seem to take a hint from Gerry’s closed eyes and spoke directly to him. 
Gerry jumped, surprised that Island Boy decided to sit right next to him. His chocolate brown eyes seemed to stare right into his soul. It was slightly unsettling and oddly erotic. 
“No, is it that obvious?” Gerry said sarcastically. It had to be obvious. He was a white man, at a hotel, on an island in the middle of nowhere. Well, technically it wasn’t nowhere. He was on a tiny little island on the outskirts of Hawaii.
“Where you from?” Island Boy ignored his bad attitude.
Gerry couldn’t seem to throw him. So instead he gave up, squared off his shoulders and finally responded, “Nashville, Tennessee.”
“You long way from home,” Island Boy replied in a kind of clipped broken English. One curious eyebrow arched high above his brown eyes. “Here to get away from work?”
“No, this ain’t a vacation for me. My brother decided to get married and I wanted to see him happy again.” Gerry shrugged. This entire trip wasn’t for him. He took it to make everyone else happy but there was no way he could say it was for him to be happy. It might be different if he were visiting the island to sightsee without any family. He could play in the waves, see about finding a romantic rendezvous in one of the local gay clubs or just think about doing something for himself. At the moment he couldn’t think about going for a massage or anything so selfish.
Everyone else came first.
“But you no look happy,” Island boy said quizzically. 
Gerry crushed the desire to reach up and run his fingers through Island Boy’s thick, wavy, jet black by balling up his hands into fists. This guy was a complete stranger and it wasn’t like he was making a move on him. This guy was just being nice and starting a conversation. Nothing illegal about that.
“No, I can’t say I am,” Gerald replied honestly.
“That’s why I wanted to see you brah. I thought you looked sad and needed some cheering up.” Island Boy smiled at him and he noticed him shift in his seat. The edge of his towel had come undone giving Gerry a view higher up the towel. Island Boy wasn’t wearing anything under that towel. There was nothing but skin. Gerry swallowed, trying to pretend it wasn’t effecting him. 
At least that was one nice thing he could say about today. He couldn’t complain about the view. 
God, he shouldn’t even be looking at him like this. Island Boy had to be ten years younger than him. Younger. Sexier. So much better and what did he have to offer the other man even if he was interested? He was a fucking cripple. He had to use a cane. There was nothing he could offer sexually that the other man couldn’t get from someone else even better looking.
“Yeah well…thanks. What’s your name?” Gerry asked.
“Kai Kaiopio,” Island boy said the words slowly, enunciating every consonant and Gerry still wasn’t sure he could repeat the name again. It didn’t even sound American. 
“Is that your first name? I’m not sure I could pronounce that if I tried.” Gerry laughed imagining the trouble the kid in front of him must have had trying to learn to spell his name.”
“No, just call me Kai.” Island Boy pronounced the sound like the word guy  but with a K sound. “My mother named me in the Hawaiian tradition. It means ‘pure of heart’.” He smiled and Gerry felt a fist go around his chest. It was like being next to Kai just made him happier. 
“That’s nice. My mother named me after the President, Gerald Ford. It was more like a joke than anything.” Gerry responded and then gave a choked laugh at the end. 
“Gerald?” The name sounded so formal on Kai’s tongue Gerry cringed. He hadn’t heard that name since grade school from Mrs. Clark. He used to hate the way she refused to use his nickname and singled him out on reading aloud when he had a stuttering problem in the fourth grade. 
“Just call me Gerry. It’s what my friends do.” Gerry shrugged pretending it didn’t matter what Kai called him. Somehow having him use the nickname made this feel more intimate and like there was the possibility for whatever this was to blossom into more.
“I like it. It’s a cool name like Jerry Springer, or Jerry Seinfeld.” Island Boy gave him a cheeky smile but Gerry’s eyes drifted lower. He couldn’t help but notice the dappling of light hair covering his chest and a stronger line at his naval leading lower to the treasure below the towel. 
“Thanks.” Gerry was beginning to warm up to the guy. Kai was trying to be friendly and he shouldn’t hold that against him. “It could be worse. I could have my brother’s name, Harrison Ford.” 
“The actor in Star Wars?” That was at least something the island boy recognized. They must have at least one movie theatre on the island. 
“No, just a poor guy named Harry.” Gerry laughed just a little, then his thoughts returned to his brother and his mood darkened. Things were never going to be the same because he was such a fuck up. 
Kai seemed to sense this change in him instantly. “You no like this Harry?”
“I do. I love him, but he doesn’t like me anymore. I…made some mistakes and I never told him I’m gay.” Gerry had always been afraid of coming out with his family. His Dad was practically homophobic and the rest of them followed his lead. Even though his father was dead now, he didn’t want to lose the relationship he had with his family. He was scared and it had been a hell of a lot easier to tell a complete stranger than the ones he cared for most.   
“You think he’ll care that much? Hey look, I knew there was a reason I needed to talk with you. I’m gay, too. I came out last year and told my family.”
“You’re gay?” Gerry suddenly had a lot more respect for this kid. Kai might be young but he had the kahunas to do something he never had the nerve to do in the thirty years he had been alive. 
“Yeah.” Kai nodded and then he did something totally unexpected, the young man put his hand on Gerry’s knee.
“I know you are visiting family, but anytime you want to go sightseeing or just for a swim, I’d be happy to show you around the island.” It was the simplest offer and nothing would please Gerry more than to make a friend, especially with the man in front of him.
“I’d like that.”
“I work downstairs as a waiter in the restaurant. They give me free use of their pool and the gym so you can see me around anytime, but in case you want to call me, I’ll give you my number.” 

****

The Books in this series in order are:
Sex on the Beach (Male/Female)
Bareback on the Beach (Male/Male)
Beach Bound (Male/Male)

These books are currently available online in ebook form at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and all major ebook distributors. 


About the Authors

Missy Lyons is a mother of two young girls and married to the man of her dreams. Writing is just as much a part of her life as her family. She can’t imagine life without sharing her stories with the world. You can find out more at her website www.missylyons.com or on Twitter @missylyons.

She is also on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Romance-Author-Missy-Lyons/312367250083

Cherie Denis is a mother of two women that have grown up and have kids of their own. She works in the insurance field by day writing about red hot alpha men by night. She looks forward to retiring one day and writing full time. She loves to hear from readers and authors alike. You can find out more about her here: http://cheriedenis.blogspot.com.

Cherie and Missy grew to be friends when they met at a local romance writers group and look forward to collaborating on future projects. So stay tuned!
Readers Reviews are always welcomed!

If you happen to have your browser open to the same website you purchased this book, please consider leaving a review at the site or on any of the book sites such as Shelfari, or Goodreads. 
It only takes a minute and it helps other readers make a decision about the quality of reading experience of this book.
We also use the feedback to help us develop and write better stories and improve our work. 
Thank you!!  

