
SEXY BAD NEIGHBOR
MISTI MURPHY & TAMI LUND

Sexy Bad Neighbor original copyright © 2017 by Misti Murphy & Tami Lund
All rights reserved.

This book is a work of fiction. Any similarity to real events, people, or places is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced or distributed in any format without the permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations used for review. If you have not purchased this book or received a copy from the author, you are reading a pirated book.

Edited by Julie Sturgeon
Cover Design by Clarissa at Booming Covers


Questions, comments, or desires to seek permission to use any part of this book for your own purposes should be directed to sexybadbooks@gmail.com.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABOUT THIS BOOK
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
EPILOGUE
ALSO BY MISTI MURPHY
ALSO BY TAMI LUND

ABOUT THIS BOOK

What happens when your neighbor hires you a stripper?

It starts one hell of a prank war. A war that involves goats, phallic chandeliers, stolen kisses in the rain, strawgasms, and eating out on the kitchen counter.

A war that could damn well involve two hearts and a plan. Her plan doesn’t involve falling in love. His life doesn’t involve plans.

This could be a problem.



Sexy Bad Series:
Sexy Bad Neighbor
Sexy Bad Daddy 
Sexy Bad Boss
Sexy Bad Valentine
Sexy Bad Escort
Sexy Bad Halloween

CHAPTER ONE

CHLOE

What am I doing here? Taco Tuesday? Seriously? Tacos are sloppy and delicious and it’s far too easy to eat too many. I’m not an overindulging kind of person. And I really hate contrived social situations.
But my boss said I need to do something to de-stress because otherwise I’m going to have a heart attack by the time I’m forty, and that isn’t as far away as I’d like it to be. Actually, he suggested I get laid, but I don’t do messy, nor do I do sex with strangers, and who has time to get to know someone? I suppose that’s ironic considering I’m about to walk into a room full of strangers and pretend I want to befriend them.
At least it’s supposed to be exclusively women at this shindig. Women don’t intimidate me, which is the only reason I agreed to James’s ridiculous idea. “Who knows,” he said earlier today as he pushed me out the door, “you might actually make a friend or two.”
“Maybe a new client,” was my response, and he’d rolled his eyes and told me not to return to the office without at least one outrageous story to tell. 
I consider not opening the door, not stepping into the sports bar where a group of strangers are likely becoming friends over spilled guacamole and too much tequila. But I will never hear the end of it if I turn around now, and besides, I’m not a quitter, whether the task is climbing the corporate ladder or attending a stupid function I have no interest in.
So I grasp the pilsner glass-shaped door handle and walk into the dark, loud place that smells of nachos and spilled beer. This is not my scene. 
Bitch face in place, I pause to let my eyes adjust to the dim lighting. I can feel gazes on me. Lecherous, sleazebag gazes. Guys with names like Paul and Chad and—the worst of them all—Marcus. 
Conveniently, my bitch face is seriously scary, so they all leave me alone as I smooth the front of my silk skirt and straighten my already flagpole-like spine. Sticking my nose in the air, I strut through that bar like I own the place. Actually, one of my clients does, so I know there are a handful of semi-private rooms toward the back, and that’s the most likely location for this silly gathering I’m supposed to attend.
When I reach my destination, I note that semi-private means there’s a party on each side of a smaller bar area, with one bartender tending to both. He’s one of the tall, dark, and handsome types, so the females in one group, which appears to be some sort of birthday party, are all gathered around the wood and laminate boxing him in, trying to garner his attention. Several of them are doing that classic grab-a-guy’s-attention stance, leaning against the bar, resting on their elbows, which are pressed against their sides, so the girls are pushed up and together, no doubt providing the lucky tender plenty of fodder for his fantasies later tonight. Assuming, of course, he goes home alone, which doesn’t seem likely.
The other gathering is a bunch of bored-looking middle-aged women wearing expensive yet understated clothing and each holding a glass of wine in one hand. No margarita in sight, and the taco station is pristine, like everyone is afraid to touch it. I’ve been out of touch with the social scene for far too long if this is what a Taco Tuesday after work party looks like.
A young woman with blue hair and black lipstick separates herself from the birthday party and heads my way. I deliberately make eye contact. “What’s that party over there?” I ask, nodding at the other crowd.
She shrugs. “Some party for old, working women.” After giving me a quick once over, she adds, “No offense.” And then she hurries through the heavy wooden door.
“None taken,” I mutter while narrowing my eyes and watching the group of women who are probably just like me: Career-driven, single-minded, determined to shatter every glass ceiling we encounter. My stomach grumbles at the sight of all those delicious taco toppings, yet I know I will be just like all these other women and snub my nose at a perceived uncouth display.
I need wine if I’m going to make it through this shindig. Since he’s at least ten years younger than me, I don’t feel as intimated by the hot bartender as I might if he were closer to thirty-five, so I belly up and let out a shrill whistle to get his attention.
“What the fuck was that?”
I whip my head to the side, prepared to provide a tongue lashing to whomever dared approach me in a bar. Ugh. It’s another sexy guy. And sloppy. That shirt looks like he swiped it off the floor and dragged it over his shoulders as he made his way out the door without stopping to look in a mirror. And it’s flannel. Why won’t that particular fashion statement die?
In ten seconds flat, I’ve determined he is everything wrong with the male species, and he hasn’t even smiled at me yet. Actually, he’s looking at me like I’m a loon.
“What’s your problem?” Might as well get defensive right off the bat. That’ll scare him off for sure.
“I think you blew my eardrum with that whistle. What, do you train dogs for a living?” For emphasis, he grabs his earlobe and shakes it, like that’s going to do anything except draw my attention to his slightly too long hair and the glasses that frame his face way better than they should. He probably doesn’t even have a prescription. I bet he wears them deliberately to pick up women.
Not this woman.
“Do you have a better idea? In case you haven’t noticed, the bartender’s rather preoccupied at the moment.”
“I noticed. But I’ve also been to a bar before, so I know if I do this—” He pulls his wallet out of his pocket, giving me a glimpse of a far too tight ass under that wrinkled shirt, and then he waves a twenty in the air. Like a dog sniffing out a juicy steak, the bartender drops his entourage and hurries toward us. Tall, Dark, and Sloppy tosses a smirk my way while the younger version asks for his drink order.
“What are you drinking?” my worst nightmare asks. Why won’t he leave me alone? Can’t he see that I don’t remotely belong to that other party, so clearly I must be associated with the prim and proper ladies hovering in the other corner? And what guy in his right mind would want to hit on someone surrounded by other powerful women? 
Except I’m not, because they are all clustered as far away from Wrinkled Hottie and the group of people clearly having a grand old time on the other end of the bar as they possibly can and still be in the same room. 
“I can get my own drink.”
“You sure can. Although I’d do it while he’s standing here in front of you, because I don’t think your dog whistle is going to work once he heads back to his fan base.”
The bartender winks and grins, like we’re all in on some fabulous joke.
“The nicest red that comes by the glass. And it better not be house,” I mutter, even though I’d really rather have a Bombay and tonic. But everybody else is drinking wine, so I might as well make at least a small attempt to fit in.
“You must be with that group over there,” the guy standing next to me says, shoving his thumb over his shoulder.
“Because I drink wine?”
“Nope. Because you have a seriously large stick up your ass. I’ve never seen anyone stand so straight in my entire life.”
My jaw drops. Is this some kind of joke? I glance around the bar, to see if one of my brothers is here. It would not surprise me in the least if one of my family members set up this entire charade. It’s been years since we’ve attempted to one-up each other with pranks, but that doesn’t mean I should ever let my guard down.
“Must be why you’re coming to the meeting. Add a little... something different.” What I’m really saying is, he’s a complete loser and those women over there will eat him as an appetizer and then look around for dinner. He doesn’t stand a chance. Which makes me determined to convince him to head over there. Just to watch him bleed. 
“You couldn’t handle what I’ve got to offer.”
“That is the worst pickup line ever.”
“It wasn’t a pickup line, lady. You seriously could not handle having me at your Women With Sticks Up Their Asses meeting.”
“Challenge accepted.” I dig a twenty out of my purse and drop it on the bar before snagging my wine and taking a slug. It’s surprisingly not bad. “Let’s go, handsome.” 
He grins.
“I’m not flirting with you,” I clarify. I do not find his messy hair and sexy glasses and abrasive personality attractive. I have a vibrator waiting at home that’s without a doubt a far better partner than this guy could ever be.
“If you are, you aren’t very good at it.”
“All right, that’s it.” I grab his arm, wrap my fingers around chunks of solid muscle, and pull him away from the bar.  
“That wasn’t a challenge,” he says, like maybe he wants to run back to his own party now. But it’s too late. I’m going to show him. Marcus was pretty-boy handsome as well, and while he wouldn’t be caught dead in flannel, he was an asshole, and in my head, I am getting revenge on him vicariously through this guy.
“What’s your name, anyway?” I ask as I herd him toward the sharks in pencil skirts hovering in the corner.
“Painter.”
“Seriously? Like someone who paints houses?”
“No. It has a Y in it. P-A-Y-N-T-E-R. And what’s your problem with my name? I bet yours is Suzy or Marie. No, it’s probably Elaine. Or Joyce.”
I give him a little push when he doesn’t move and ignore the ripple of muscle I can feel through his shirt. So he’s one of those gym rats, too, huh? The guy keeps losing points and I’ve known him for all of seven minutes.
“I get your implication. Like I’m old or something. Well, my age is none of your damn business and my name is Chloe.” Why did I tell him my name? After my soon-to-be new friends and I humiliate the hell out of him, I’ll never see the guy again. Paynter. God, what were his parents thinking?
“Chloe, huh? Wouldn’t have guessed that. It’s an awfully pretty and soft name...”
I’m not an idiot. I know what he isn’t saying. And he’s right. I am hard. And I don’t care whether he thinks I’m pretty. When I was with Marcus, I dolled myself up to impress him, and all that got me was a front row seat while he accepted the promotion that should have been mine. Screw caring what other people think—especially what guys named Paynter think. If I’m remotely attractive, I have made the effort for me, myself, and I only. Well, and my clients. And my co-workers. And my boss. But not a guy I met in a bar who clearly doesn’t know how to use an iron. 
“Now you’re really going to get it.” I’m not sure if he heard me because at about the same time the gathering of Armani and Gucci glide toward us, morbid curiosity carved into every perfectly designed feature on every carefully made up face.
“Hello, I’m Elizabeth.” The first one, a platinum blond wearing a gray and white striped suit and an excellent cleavage-enhancing bra, offers her hand and a toothy smile to my new friend. No, not friend. My victim.
“Nice to meet you, Elizabeth.” Paynter tosses a smirk my way and then takes a pull from his bottle of beer while scoping out the rest of the crowd. Several more introduce themselves before I can get a handle on the situation.
“I’m Chloe Green.” I speak loudly to be heard over the hard thumping music now blaring from the other party. “And I work in corporate real estate. A partner-in-training. As this is the first time I’m meeting all of you, I thought I’d bring along a gift.” Ignoring the sparks of interest in the faces of my cohorts, I add, “A sample of what we don’t want in our lives.”
“I wouldn’t mind having him in my life. Preferably with my legs wrapped around his hips.” 
I’m not sure who made this comment; Elizabeth, I bet, based on the way she’s undressing him with her eyes, but I’m too distracted by his eyes to focus on her at the moment. Behind those dark frame glasses, they’re surrounded by long, thick lashes and they’re blue, but it’s not just any blue. It’s this clear blue, like colored glass. Way too pretty for a guy like him. Yes, I recognize I’m making harsh snap judgments on a guy I’ve only known for a few minutes, but so far, he hasn’t proven me wrong.
And then I pull my head out of the clouds or my ass or wherever it is that I even remotely consider him in a positive light, and I say, “No, that’s not what we want. We are powerful women, and the number one enemy of powerful women is...” I let my sentence trail off, hoping one of my new tribe will run with the thought we’ve all undoubtedly had.
“Bosses who want us to sleep with them in order to get ahead?” someone offers.
“Add married to that title,” another says, sounding as if she’s had experience in that arena.
“Yeah,” another pipes up. “Sleazy married bosses who promise you the world if you’ll get down on your knees behind their desk for about seven minutes. Twice a week.” She nods for emphasis and I see several other heads bob in apparent agreement.
Okay, this conversation has veered into a direction I did not see coming. Paynter is not trying very hard to hide his laughter, which I know is directed at me. Oh, for that scathing comment that will knock him down a few pegs. Maybe my boss—who, thankfully, has never asked me to get on my knees nor has he ever hit on me as part of a promise of a promotion—is right. Maybe I do need to get laid.
But Paynter and getting laid should never, ever go together. That’s what my vibrator is for. It’s clean, it doesn’t talk back, and I even keep it in the bathroom so I can immediately take a shower afterward. Sex with Paynter would be messy, dirty, filthy...
 “As terrible as those men are,” I say, cutting off the true confessions conversation that has erupted, “there are other men who are far worse. I bring you exhibit number one.” I wave my arms at Paynter, a la Vanna White. 
All the other women in the group give me blank stares for several long seconds, until a brunette whose name is Christine, I think, says, “Every guy I’ve ever dated has been just like him. Twice now I’ve missed out on golden opportunities at work because I called in sick so that we could have a naked Tuesday. Or Wednesday. No wait, it was three times. Two different guys. But yeah, I could be so much higher in my company if I hadn’t been dating them.”
Several others in the group commiserate with her. I glance at Paynter, who is listening with seemingly rapt attention. This wasn’t quite the angle I was going for.
“My last boyfriend called my boss a dyke at the company holiday party.”
A collective gasp goes up around me.
“Although, she had been a closet lesbian her entire life, and for some reason, his calling her out made her decide to come out. I actually ended up getting a raise out of the experience, and she’s now living with Carmen from the IT department. I think they’re planning on getting married, and I know for a fact Carmen wants kids.”
“Uh...” I cannot fathom how to respond to a story like that. I was not looking for positive experiences here.
“At our last company golf outing, the guy I dated for six years deliberately beat my boss, even though I told him my boss was a sore loser. And then he got drunk at the luncheon and told everybody that I told him my boss wore a toupee.” 
“Oh my God, I had a similar experience with my ex-husband. I lost my job over it. Such a jackass.”
“Yeah, what is it with guys and golf outings? They always do the stupidest things, even if we prep them first. Who doesn’t know you’re supposed to let the boss win? That’s business etiquette 101.”
“Business etiquette 102 is don’t get so sloppy drunk you end up puking on the boss’s $400 dollar Italian leather loafers.”
“And 103 is...” Finally, this conversation is exactly where I want it to be. Like any gathering of women, they begin to feed off one another and soon are commiserating over lost business opportunities as a result of poor choices in partner material. And they’ve all turned up their collective noses at Paynter, whereas twenty minutes prior, I swore I heard Christine suggest he meet her in the coatroom. 
My mission here is complete.
Before I can gloat, Paynter leans toward me and I get a whiff of something that makes me think of the woods and lumberjacks and ... sex. What the hell is it with this guy? 
“Chloe, one, Paynter, zero,” he says, low and close to my ear. I can feel his breath. It’s hot and it makes my hair flutter. I said hair, not heart. There is no heart fluttering here. My heart is cold and dead and locked away and I threw the key into a deep ravine the day I figured out Marcus was using me so he could steal my promotion.
“And now I’m out of here, before these piranhas decide to lynch me for all the past crimes you’ve reminded them other men have done to them. Watch your back, Chloe. I don’t lose well.” He touches his bottle to his forehead and struts away, not looking at all like he lost anything. In fact, he looks as though he owns the entire damn world, and it infuriates me that I can’t stop imagining what he’d be like lying on his back in my four-poster canopy bed, with me astride him, encouraging him to hold out just a few minutes longer because I’m so close, oh, so close...
Shaking my head, I turn away from the sight and the fantasy. I will never see that guy again. He is some random loser I ran into in a bar. And I put him in his place.
A song I recognize from the seven million times I’ve secretly watched Magic Mike starts up and gradually becomes louder and louder. This is strange because aren’t most sound systems stationary? Not to mention, the music should be coming from that party on the other side of the bar. It should not be moving toward the Taco Tuesday gathering where the attendees have finally attacked the taco bar. Strippers are not on tonight’s agenda, I’m sure of it.
And then the music is so close, it’s practically in my ear, vibrating through my body and making me remember what it was like to have sex with another person in the room. It’s been a long time. Since that one guy I forced myself to pick up after Marcus screwed me over. It had been sloppy and quick, in a hotel room. To be honest, I’m not even sure if it was good or bad. I don’t remember the details. And while my partner lay on his back and snored, I quickly dressed and rushed from the room, crying before I reached my car, and when I got home, I stood in the shower until the water ran cold, and I vowed to never, ever do that again.
While I’m reliving this particular bad decision, I feel a hardness rubbing against my ass. All the women in the meeting are staring at something directly behind me, mouths hanging open, eyes glazed, salsa and guacamole dripping from taco shells held inches from their faces. A few are panting.
I am afraid to do it, but I whip around anyway, and come face to face with ... a stripper?
“Hey, birthday girl,” he croons while gyrating against my leg.
I push at his shoulder and my hand slides down his arm. He’s covered in some sort of sickly sweet smelling oil. And that’s pretty much it, save a pair of chaps slung low around his hips.
“Wrong party,” I say, trying to step out of his grip. But he’s got an arm around my waist and waves the other in the air as he shouts, “Yee-haw” and grinds against me. The music, I now see, is coming from a phone that is strapped to his bicep. 
“That’s what the guy at the door told me you’d say,” the stripper says as he flips me around so he can rub himself against my ass. “He said you’d insist you’re the wrong girl, but that’s because you like to play hard to get. He gave me an extra fifty and told me to finish out the song, no matter how much you protest.”
“This skirt is silk.” I am envisioning my dry cleaning bill. “Wait, what guy?” 
Realization dawns. Paynter. That bastard. I twist my head back and forth, trying to see if he’s still here. Cowboy stripper decides to accommodate me and turns so that the party where he was undoubtedly supposed to be the main attraction can watch us. 
And there’s Paynter, laughing so hard I can actually see the tears in his eyes from across the room. All I can do is stand here and be humiliated by this oiled up, fake tanned body that is gyrating behind me, encouraged by the whistles and catcalls from the powerful women who a short time ago I might have considered as friends. 
If I ever see Tall, Dark, and Blue Eyes again, I am so getting revenge.

CHAPTER TWO

PAYNTER

Garrett strolls in from outside with the last box for the kitchen. Setting it down on the marble counter, he thrusts his hands in his pockets and surveys my new digs for what seems like the hundredth time today. My older brother has barely been here for half an hour, and his contribution to getting everything moved in is dismal. I knew I should have told him I was moving next week. 
He wanders around the gourmet kitchen, stopping by the door of the adjoining stately dining room and letting out a low whistle. “This is impressive, Paynter.”
Collapsing another of the smaller boxes, I add it to the stack near the folding doors that look out over the deck and expanse of lawn to the wooden jetty on the lake. At least the house has private access to the tree-lined shore in its favor. That was the one thing Bernadette hadn’t been pleased with when she’d gone on and on about her dream house, and the only asset that sold me on buying it. 
“After what I paid for it, it ought to be.” 
“True.” He stares at the baseboard near his feet. Blue eyes, not unlike my own, crinkle around the corners, making his exhaustion more obvious. 
It can’t be easy raising a two-year-old on his own. My niece is cute as hell, but a handful, and Garrett’s had to learn how to be a sole parent in a matter of months. He didn’t even know he had a daughter until her mother dropped her off at his office six months ago. Apparently Abby didn’t quite fit into her life, so it was better she live with her father. 
Garrett clears his throat, and I can tell he’s itching to say something about my ex, and how I’m not moving on, since that’s where most of our conversations have led recently. Especially since he’s still managing to squeeze in a date every other week and rarely with the same woman. “That chandelier in the foyer couldn’t have been cheap.”
Bernadette had insisted the fixture would be the perfect grand extravagance to greet guests as soon as they stepped inside the stately home she’d visualized as the crown jewel of her goals. It’s just another reminder of how far I was willing to go to make her happy. Not that it had meant a damn thing when she’d up and moved across the country. 
I might be stuck with that glass and crystal monstrosity in the foyer, but at least it reminds me that Miss Hoity-Toity Five-Year Plan is past tense. I’d been holding her back, according to her email. Guys like me just weren’t husband material for someone like her. If only I’d gotten into a field of work that meant something, she might have been able to see us as the power couple she needed to be part of, but I’d never been reliable when it came to her life ambitions.
It had been perfect timing really. The moment everything I’d worked toward fell into place as she’d bowed out. Though I’m a little put out at moving into this pretentious neighborhood without her. I’m not even sure whether I’ll keep the house or put it back on the market. It’s a giant “fuck you” reminder, though, to not get involved again. At least not with a stuck up, heartless woman who would crush anyone in her path to get ahead. Like that chick at the bar last night, Chloe. 
I smirk a little as I use a cutting knife to slice through the packing tape on the last box. That pole she was sporting was shoved so far up her ass I had no trouble imagining the thing protruding from her head. For a minute there, I’d thought she was hot in a “not my type of woman” way and had considered the fun in replacing that damn pole with my own. My mistake. 
She was very clear about what she thought of me, and all I did was ask her what she wanted to drink. Then there was that whole dynamic with those women she was meeting. Bernadette had been involved in something like that too. Women who have plans and couldn’t care less who they trod on to achieve their goals. Except that one woman whose partner vomited on her boss’s shoes. That guy should have been trying harder to support his woman.
“So the chandelier? How much did that set you back?” Garrett’s voice breaks my train of thought. 
“You have a whole house to pick on and you choose the lousy chandelier?” Opening the box, I check the contents. Silverware and kitchen towels.
“I’m just trying to shed some light on the fact that this isn’t really your style.”
“Do you think I’m unaware of that?” Of course he would make a bad play on words. Pulling out the towels, I stack them into a drawer. I still have no idea what happened to the iron, since I unpacked everything else last night and this morning. Guess I’ll have to buy another next time I go to the store. “You’ve got a handle on the lame dad jokes, I see.” 
“Part and parcel of being a father, I’m afraid.” He snickers, moving to the refrigerator and opening one of the French doors to snag a beer. “I don’t know why you didn’t sell the place and buy something a little more you.” 
“Like what?” 
“I suppose there aren’t many houses marketed as basement living.” He lifts his brows, a wide smirk crossing his face while he uses a corner of his shirt to twist the lid of the bottle in his hand. If I have learned anything in thirty-odd years, it’s that my older siblings are always going to give me flack for staying so long in our parents’ basement. Serial killer, nerd, geek are all words Garrett and my sister have thrown around. Nerd and geek are titles I’ve come to accept, since my career is in coding and apps, but the jabs are getting old. 
Tossing the last of the silverware into their separate spots in the top drawer, I get my own beverage. “You know it wasn’t my plan to live there as long as I did. I was just helping our parents out.” 
I take a swig of my beer as I cross to the folding doors and step out onto the deck. There’s not much garden, just a long stretch of lawn boxed in by trees, but from the deck I can see into the neighbor’s backyard. 
“You didn’t show up last night,” I accuse Garrett. “You talked me into going to that shindig and bailed on me.” 
“Sorry about that. The sitter cancelled at the last minute.” 
“It would have been nice if you called me. I could have gotten more of the house in order. Or stretched out with a beer or two and admired this view.” Which would have been preferable to making small chat with people I don’t know. Not that I’d been exactly bored. Last night had come with its own unique entertainment. 
If only Chloe could have seen her face while the cowboy stripper was grinding all over her. The woman had turned a mottled shade of puce. If the hostility in her dark blue eyes had been laser beams, I have no doubt I’d be dead, but there was nothing she could do but endure it. I laugh as I scrub my hair back from my forehead, and Garrett side-eyes me as though he thinks I might have lost my mind since it seems I’m laughing at nothing. At least not something I plan on sharing with him anyway. 
Best money I’ve ever spent. 
Surprisingly, watching the stripper rub up against her had turned me on. Despite my eyes stinging and my abs aching from laughing, I’d gotten aroused to the point of having to adjust the crotch of my jeans at the idea of taking the cowboy’s place. Of hooking my hands around her hips, having her close, maybe brushing my mouth along the soft skin behind her ear. She probably wouldn’t have enjoyed it. Thankfully, I’m never going to find out. 
“I thought you might have met someone, had a bit of fun. You’ve barely been out since Queen B took off.” Garrett strolls down the length of the deck. It’s a multi-level deck that runs the length of the spacious house, so I follow him around to where the view beyond the lake is broken up by mountains that point into the sky like rough diamonds. “You can’t wait for her to hand you back your balls. You have to take them.” 
I glance down at my crotch. “Jesus, it’s been months. She sure as hell doesn’t have my balls stuffed in the bottom of her purse. I’m just not interested in being some woman’s sex toy. They have vibrators for a reason, you know. To spare us from having to deal with the fact they’re too uptight to get off.” 
“That’s not true,” Garrett says. “I have no issues in that department.” 
“I didn’t say I did.” I scowl at him. Although having sex with Bernadette had been like fucking a dead starfish. I got more mutual action from my hand. 
My next-door neighbor wanders out into her yard. That distracts Garrett from my love life. Actually, she’s kind of hot from what I can see of her as she carries a laundry basket to the clothesline. Sweats hug her hips and make her legs go on forever, and her black hair is pulled back in a loose ponytail high on her head. The ratty University of Michigan sweatshirt bags around her waist, a couple sizes too big for her. She’s probably the housekeeper or nanny for some rich, professional family. Although I haven’t seen any kids around, so perhaps not. Still, the owner of a house like these in this neighborhood wouldn’t look like that, would she? And hanging her own laundry on the line, no less…
She bends over to place the basket on the ground, and I get a glimpse of her profile. Cute and comfortable. Now that’s what I’m talking about. That’s the type of woman I would want in my life if I wanted any one at all. Taking off my glasses, I buff them with my shirttail while we watch her methodically hanging shirts, pants, and skirts. Hold on. She’s not pulling any underwear out of the basket. I push the frames onto the bridge of my nose. I am such a pervert. In a minute she’ll notice us staring and call us out for being peeping toms. I should probably turn away instead of consider plausible explanations for the lack of delicates on her line. 
“Wonder if your neighbor’s single.” Garrett leans over the wooden railing, trying to get a better view. “You could introduce yourself. Perhaps suggest Lazy Sundays or, even better, Naked Sundays. She looks like she has about as much interest in putting in an effort to meet people as you do.” 
“Wouldn’t matter if she were single. I’m not interested in dating anyone, especially someone I live next door to.” I spread my feet and rest my elbows on the tigerwood beside him, my almost-forgotten beer between my hands. There’s something about her hourglass figure and graceful movements. “She reminds me of someone. One of those actresses Mom likes to watch.” 
“Liz Taylor,” Garrett says. “That’s who. I don’t know how many times Mom made us watch Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. I swear you’ll never catch me watching another one of those old movies.” 
“Whatever you say.” I take a swig of my beer, making sure to mumble into the bottle, “We all know you had a crush on Greta Garbo.” 
“And you had a thing for Liz,” he parries my blow with his own. “Just another reason you should get to know your new neighbor.” 
The cute girl next door finishes hanging her wash and turns to head back in the house. Maybe it isn’t that she has that classic beauty that reminds me of a bygone era after all, though I have to admit she does look like Liz. No, the reason she looks familiar is because she’s the chick from the bar last night. 
Chloe. 
I roll my gaze to the sky and huff. “You have got to be kidding me.” 
“What?” Garrett asks, preoccupied with my snobby new neighbor.
“I didn’t tell you earlier, but I met someone last night.” 
“You met someone?” Why does he have to say it slowly and deliberately like he’s having a hard time fathoming that I can meet new people if I want to? 
I can see the instant Chloe recognizes me. The steel in her spine as she jerks upright, her face pinched. I bet she’s trying to murder me with her gaze again. The washing basket lands sideways on the ground as she marches toward us, her arms crossed against her chest. 
I breathe in through my nose, holding it for a second before expelling it through my mouth. 
“Her.”
Garrett’s eyebrows couldn’t get any higher. The almost comical look of surprise on his face would be enough to make me laugh, if the woman glaring up at us didn’t shock it right off him. 
“You.” 
She’s shooting daggers at me, her tits rising and falling noticeably despite their ample covering. A nice set I might have imagined getting my mouth on before she tried to humiliate me in front of her friends last night. “You…” 
“Asshole?” Garrett offers, trying to help her out. 
“Yes. We could use that word to describe your friend.” 
“He’s my brother, Garrett.” I bite my lip and smile at her. She’s fierce when she’s angry. Wonder if she gets this passionate about other areas of her life. I get a vivid image of her riding my cock, her head thrown back, those tits bouncing. Damn, if it doesn’t make me half hard. Jesus. 
“He’s your brother?” Her voice goes up several octaves as she addresses Garrett. “Did he tell you what he did to me last night?” 
Oh shit. Now Garrett’s going to think I slept with her. 
“Did you enjoy your cowboy?” I ask.
Garrett’s expression is somewhere between a choked pigeon and a cat’s ass. 
“I was mortified,” she snaps, and her cheeks go the same shade of red they were while the action had been taking place. “I’ve never been so embarrassed in my life.” 
Is the heat in her face all anger, or did she get a little hot and bothered like I did? “I thought you needed something to help loosen you up.” 
“Who on earth needs a stripper to loosen them up?” She purses her lips, her eyes overbright. “It was clear that I was there for a business function.” 
“You bought her a stripper?” Garrett chuckles. He’s saying little, but clearly our conversation amuses him. “Why?” 
“Later,” I mutter. 
She’s so riled up I have the urge to march down to the property line where she’s holding her ground and kiss that puckered mouth. A stupid idea. The stripper didn’t make her laugh; she’s hardly going to melt in my arms.
“Come on, sweetheart.” I’ve never called anyone sweetheart and don’t plan to start now, but I know it’ll get to her. “You started it. You’re the one who decided to try to humiliate me for not being the kind of schmuck to live up to your ridiculous standards. You don’t even know me, but I know your type. I’ve got your number.” 
Why I gave her a second glance is beyond me. She is exactly the type of woman I want nothing to do with. 
If it’s possible, she straightens her spine even more. At this point, a decent gust of wind would snap her in half she’s so stiff. Ignoring me, she gives Garrett a smile. It’s probably meant to be sweet but doesn’t get past a slight curve. I doubt she uses those muscles much—too afraid her face will crack. It’s a shame because she really is pretty. 
Twisting to face Garrett, she asks him, “Does your brother visit often?” 
Of course she would assume it’s Garrett who lives here. And it probably isn’t because his polo shirt’s still holding creases from the dry cleaners and he’s wearing the rather impressive watch James gave him for his birthday last year. There really isn’t much difference between Garrett’s and my appearance other than a couple of years. But she wouldn’t be able to fathom how the guy who doesn’t measure up to her expectations of what the male species should be could own this house. I am so going to enjoy the expression on her face when I break this news. 
“I just moved in. Guess that makes you my neighbor.” 
“You’re my neighbor?” she sputters, her face losing color so that her red cheeks and how big her eyes are becomes noticeable. Dropping her arms to her sides, she glances over her shoulder at her own house before glaring at me. “You’re not serious?” 
“Sorry.” I couldn’t care less what she thinks of the situation.
“That’s just great.” 
“Good.” I push away from the edge of the deck, ready to end this lovely introduction to the new neighborhood. “See you around, Chloe.” 
“I’m going to pay you back for your stunt last night,” she calls out.
“Sure.” I chuckle at the idea of her trying to get one up on me. “Give it your best shot.” 
Whipping around, she marches back to her house, picking up the discarded washing basket on the way. When she gets to the door, she gives us one last glowering look before flipping that ponytail and sticking her nose in the air. 
“Interesting,” Garrett says. “I’m almost certain hiring a stripper was not the way to make friends in this case.” 
“Do you think?” I roll my eyes and make a beeline back inside with him following, still glancing back at where Chloe disappeared. 
“What do you think she’s going to do?” 
“Nothing.” I set my half-empty beer on the counter. “Other than insulting people, I doubt she could manage to pull a prank. She’d need a sense of humor for that.” 
He places his empty bottle next to mine; his mouth tugs up on one side. “A word of advice. Never underestimate your opponent.” 

***
The keyboard click clacks under my fingers as I work through another page of coding. Time-consuming stuff, but I enjoy creating programs out of nothing. I’ve been doing it since high school. I started off creating games then switched to business programs in college. Now it’s all about apps. 
Saving the program, I sit back and stretch before setting my glasses on the desk and scrubbing at my eyes. The clock in the corner of the larger screen says it’s 4:15 on Friday afternoon. My stomach grumbles loudly while I reposition my glasses on my nose and stroll out of the office toward the kitchen. I lost time again. It happens sometimes when I code. I’ll be sitting down to do an hour or so before bed and the next time I look up it’s the following day. 
Taking a glass from beside the sink, I fill it with water. A knock comes from the front of the house. I’m not expecting anyone. It’s probably one of those door-to-door salesmen, selling siding or new windows or some shit. I gulp down the water while I peruse the contents of my fridge. Salad and a leftover lamb chop from last night will fix the hollow spot in my belly. 
They rap on my door again, more insistent this time. Then again. It sounds like more than one person knocking. Okay, maybe it’s important. Closing the fridge, I wander into the foyer and open the door. 
“Hello.” 
So sometimes when I’m coding I fall asleep on my desk. I have to glance back toward the office to decide whether I might still be there, my face mashed against my hands over the keyboard, or actually standing at my front door. A chorus of hellos greet me from the line of women that starts at my porch and winds down the front path and along the street. “What the hell is going on?” 
One of the three girls jostling for space on the first step pushes in front of the others. She’s wearing a bright yellow sundress and sandals, dolled up as though she’s auditioning for a role on that bachelor show Bernadette liked to watch. “You’re Paynter.” 
“That depends on who’s asking.” I take another slug of water as I run my gaze over the group. There have to be at least thirty, thirty-five women at my door. 
“I’m Adeline, and this is my friend Kara.” Another of the three girls pushes herself forward. “We’re here about the advertisement on Craigslist.” 
Advertisement on Craigslist? “I think you have the wrong house.” 
“Oh no.” She shakes her head. “This was definitely the address.” 
“The address for what? I didn’t put any ad on the website. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“Wait,” the third says as she opens up a small, bright blue purse. “I have it right here.” 
I run my gaze over the line again. There’s a disturbing variety of women waiting for me to acknowledge what’s going on, from the young women on the steps to the woman who is talking about her grandchildren and showing pictures to those around her. I’m pretty sure the tallest one near the mailbox is more than a woman. Most of them speak in hushed tones between themselves. 
“I wonder if the house is as big as it looks.”
“I hope he’ll pick me.” 
 “He’s cute. And those glasses. Don’t you think they make him a little like Clark Kent?”
“Do you think he’s into role playing? I’d love to be Lois Lane to his Superman.” 
“I’d let him fly me around the world, if you know what I mean.”
What on earth is going on? Why are these women here? 
“Here. I found it.” One of the girls pushes a Samsung Galaxy into my hand.  
Wealthy Man Seeks Bride
Wealthy man seeks what? If this is one of Garrett’s stupid attempts to get me back on the dating market, he better be prepared to find himself going prematurely gray over the next month. I bet his dates will love a more distinguished look. 
I scan the rest of the content. Sure enough, my name is at the bottom along with my address and a time to meet. And as a last addendum, my ideal, totally unrealistic, and far-fetched woman must be able to iron. 
“Uh.” I spike my fingers through my hair as I gaze over the group. Considering what was in the ad, I’m surprised so many of them turned up. 
That’s when I notice Chloe in front of her house. She’s made herself at home in a lawn chair, her short, serious skirt tucked neatly around her legs. Back to being prim and proper, I see, and nothing like the cute girl sans makeup I got a good peek at the other day. Smug satisfaction brightens her whole face as she raises a wineglass to her mouth. I fight not to grin back at her. I honestly didn’t think she had it in her to pull off any prank, let alone something like this. Well played. Quite well played. 
And the ironing thing? She must have been checking me out that night. 
“So are you going to interview us?” the girl in yellow asks. 
I bring my attention back to the women in front of me. I could just tell them to leave, that the ad was a joke, but the idea of getting the last laugh from Chloe’s stunt is too tempting to pass up. “Why don’t you all come inside? I’ll whip up some refreshments.” 
“You can cook?” one of the girls asks, her eyes lighting up. “The ad didn’t say anything about that.” 
“That’s sexy,” another exclaims.
Great, now they’re more excited about being here, and I have no idea how I’m going to break the fact this is a stunt to them when they all look so eager and hopeful.
The line moves quickly into the house. Women giggle and chatter animatedly between themselves. 
Three of them stop in the foyer to stare in awe at the ridiculous chandelier. 
“That’s a big—”
“Everything about this place is big. Do you think the man himself has something comparable?” 
“Oh gosh. It really does look like a guy’s...” Her voice drops to a whisper I don’t hear.
Chloe is no longer looking smug. Actually, her smile has been replaced by a thin line, her shoulders pulling back farther and farther. The last woman enters my house, and I smirk and wave. She’s going to have to do better than this.

CHAPTER THREE

CHLOE

He lives next door? Tall, Dark, and Practically Homeless from that evening at the bar lives in my prestigious, two-year-waiting-list-to-get-in neighborhood? It’s a Stepford neighborhood, for God’s sake. He wouldn’t fit in here in a million years, and that’s beside the fact I cannot fathom how he has enough money to actually afford that house.
My dream home. The one I had my eye on when Marcus and I were still together. I could have afforded it only if I’d gotten that promotion. His selfish, underhanded act had not only ended our relationship, it had forced me to purchase a significantly smaller house. 
Bastard.
Just like my neighbor. I can’t believe he’s living in my house. How the hell did he get past the approval committee? I barely passed inspection, and I’m the epitome of who they want living in this stuck-up neighborhood. 
Meanwhile, Paynter doesn’t look like he works. He sure as hell isn’t a doctor or a lawyer. I would have known ten seconds after meeting him. Men in those professions don’t hide it. Everyone is a potential client, after all.
Maybe he’s a business owner. But what kind of business? He did look like a construction worker or lumberjack that night I met him. Not that I have fantasies about those kinds of men. At least I didn’t before I met Paynter. 
I bet he won the lottery. He looks like the type who blows half his paycheck each week on lottery tickets, hoping for the big win so he never has to work again. The kind of guy always looking for the easy way out. He’s probably like that in bed, too. Doesn’t even focus on his partner, just wants to get his rocks off and fall asleep. He’s got selfish and lazy written all over his five o’clock shadowed not-quite-pretty-boy face. Although if he shaved, that smooth skin, those sexy glasses, and those gorgeous blue eyes sure would be pretty. With the whiskers, he’s more... scruffy, sexy in a, well, a lumberjack sort of way.
What am I doing? That stunt with the stripper earned my hatred. I came home that evening and had a rather spectacular date with my vibrator, and then I’d lain in bed and imagined all the ways I would get my revenge, if I ever had opportunity to see the guy again.
And now he’s my neighbor. I will potentially see him every single day. Never mind that I can no longer be myself in my own backyard—none of the other people living in this stuffy place ever use their yards, so I’d thought I was safe in my sweats and ponytail and no makeup.
I have to get him back now. I seriously cannot remember the last time a guy saw me in the middle of the day without makeup. I don’t even answer the phone on the weekends, let alone the door. Just in case. In case of what … well, that’s between me and my therapist.
After hiding in my house all weekend, the idea comes to me while I head into work on Monday morning. The ad. The wording. That bit about the ironing, that’s pretty damn genius, if I do say so myself. James always shuts down the office early on Fridays, unless we have a big project due, so I set the time in the ad for 4:30. I don’t even mind that I’ll have to remain in my suit instead of change into sweats as soon as I arrive home. It will be worth it.
When the first vehicle pulls up and parks at the curb in front of Paynter’s house, I spare a moment to worry that the homeowners’ association will get upset, but a line of cars comes tooling down the street, so it’s too late now.
Paynter’s house looks quiet, like there’s no one home. But I know he’s there, because I saw the light flip on in his kitchen a short time ago, caught a glimpse of his torso as he’d passed a curtainless window. His shirt was as wrinkled as ever and he’d pushed his glasses onto his head and was rubbing his eyes as if he’d just woken up. He probably did sleep all day.
I’ve never watched that bachelor show on television, but it can’t possibly be like this. It’s far too popular, so there must be cattiness and drama. These girls, however, are all sweet as pie, polite and considerate, making friends even as they each hope to be the luckiest of the bunch by the end of the evening. They’ll all be let down eventually, and probably I shouldn’t have gotten them excited like this, but I wasn’t thinking about anything but getting Paynter back when I’d logged into my Paypal account and sent the funds to pay for the ad.
The sky is dark and the air is thick with humidity and it’s probably going to rain soon, but I’ve put enough hairspray on my tresses to ensure they don’t frizz. I need a front row seat for this show. And I want him to see me, of course. That’s the most important aspect of this prank. He needs to know exactly with whom he is dealing.
For a moment, I worry he won’t answer the summons, but soon, four of them are rapping their knuckles on wood and the yappy dog across the street is going nuts behind his own door.
And then Paynter is standing there, staring out at the sight of a row of women, all dressed for a date, all watching him with hopeful gleams in their eyes. I drink deliberately slowly while his gaze rises over their heads to catch mine. I am about to burst out laughing, which is so not me, but what the hell? This situation calls for it.
One of the girls must say something, because he shifts his focus to her and then... Wait, why are they walking into his house? Each and every one, thirty-two women in all, are stepping across that threshold like he’s just invited everyone to a party.
That is not how this is supposed to play out. What the hell is going on?
As the last one titters past him, Paynter glances up and catches my eye again. And smirks. And waves. And then the door is closing behind him.
Oh no. No, no, no. He will not win this one. That is not how it works. I scramble to my feet, wine sloshing over the side of my glass as I make my way across his front lawn in my $140 spiked heels and narrow skirt. Why I didn’t take two steps to the right and use the sidewalk, I cannot say. That man makes me do crazy things. Like burst through his front door like I own the place.
Hell, I’ve been in this house so many times when it was for sale, I know it almost better than the one I settled on. Except, wow, that chandelier wasn’t here before. Paynter had that installed? Never in a million years would I have pegged him as quite so pretentious. That thing is even too gaudy for my standards. I cock my head to the side. As long and narrow as it is, it sort of looks like a... 
“Hi there. Are you here about the ad, too?” A cheerful redhead greets me like she’s a hostess. “What are you drinking? I’ll get you a refill.” Does she think Paynter wants a maid? Is that why she’s acting like the hired help?
“I doubt he even has wine in the house, let alone the kind I like.”
“You’d be surprised,” the man himself says, walking toward me, looking as rumpled and sexy as he did the night we met, and holding—for the love of God, is that really a Malbec in his hand?
I lift my glass, allow him to top it off. “Are you spying on me? It cannot be coincidence that you have a Malbec waiting.”
He laughs. “Sorry, sweetheart, it really is pure luck. Although I have now noted your preferred choice of beverage, should we ever find ourselves sitting down by the lake, enjoying a sunset and actually getting along.”
“Not on your life.” I love sitting down by the lake, enjoying the sunset. Especially at this time of year, when the weather is cooler and the trees put on a spectacular show of color. I’ll probably never do it again, now that I know I might run into him there. 
I sip the wine, grimace because it’s damn good, and say, “So have you picked one yet?”
“Hold that thought,” he says, and makes his way through the throng of women. As he’s a full head taller than anyone else there—except the one who’s animatedly gesturing at her bright orange and pink purse and talking to someone else over by the fridge—I watch him stride toward the deck. Intrigued despite my better judgement, I follow.
“What are you doing?” I demand when I step outside and find him standing in front of a grill. There’s a tray of what looks like bacon-wrapped, stuffed jalapeños sitting next to the grates, while he focuses on pulling some sort of savory-looking tarts off the flames. 
“The ad didn’t mention he was a chef, too,” the woman standing beside me says. “Probably a good thing. Guys who cook are sexy. There would’ve been twice as many of us here.”
“I don’t understand.” 
“Which part?” Paynter asks. He hands a tray of steaming tarts to a woman wearing a black dress with giant cabbage-like flowers everywhere and asks her to take it inside and place it on the counter so his guests can help themselves.
“You cook?” This doesn’t mesh with the image of him I’ve created in my head.
“Gotta eat,” he responds.
Well, certainly. But that is easily accomplished without cooking. I do it every day. There’s this excellent gourmet market on my way home from work that makes fully prepared meals for the busy executive. On Fridays, they make enough to get me through the weekend.
“Who has this sort of stuff just lying around?” I watch as he flips the stuffed jalapeños. My mouth is watering, and I’m pretty sure it isn’t entirely due to the play of muscle that moves across his shoulders while he tends to the task. I take a slug of wine, but all that does is remind me that he now knows it’s my favorite, and I’m not sure that’s a good thing.
“Someone who cooks,” he says. “So are you auditioning, too? I heard I’m supposed to be on the hunt for a bride. Do you iron? Apparently, I need help in that arena.”
“No way. And you do. You dress like a homeless person. And why are you taking this so damn well?”
I hate his laugh, mostly because I like it and I don’t want to like anything about him. Not his glasses or his eyes or his scruffy face. Not the wrinkled T-shirt and faded, snug jeans, and certainly not those hands with long, sturdy fingers that handle whipping up food for thirty people as if he does it all the damn time. Does he own a catering company? Is that what he does for a living? 
“I’m flattered you’ve been checking me out. If it helps, I’ve been checking you out, too. That skirt is hot, but I prefer the more laid-back look from the other day.”
“I am most certainly not checking you out.” I wince at the high pitch of my voice and then again when he laughs. “And what are you talking about? I’m not laid-back.”
A fat raindrop smacks my nose and I glance at the sky. Paynter’s deck is wide open with no cover, other than the small overhang under which his grill is situated. The girls who have been standing around making small talk all hurry toward the house. 
Paynter slides a pile of steaming jalapeño poppers onto a plate and hands it to a passing woman wearing a lime green tube dress with no panty lines. Ignoring the rain that is increasing by the minute, he adds more food to the grill. I watch the finished jalapeños disappear from my sight, their lingering scent making me contemplate following. Especially since Paynter and I are now momentarily alone on the deck.
“That doesn’t seem to be the case, generally, but before you noticed me and Garrett watching you, you were. Speaking of, something about that day’s been bugging me.” He turns away from the grill to give me his undivided attention. “I couldn’t help but notice the lack of undergarments.” His gaze deliberately drops to my hips. 
Impatiently, I brush a few droplets of water off my face. “My undergarments are none of your concern.” I pull my indignation around me like a cloak. It’s easy when we start talking about my underwear. Does he now think I don’t wear panties? 
“What about you?” I try to deflect. “Are you a boxers guy or a brief guy? Or do you go commando?” Never let it be said that Chloe Green is afraid to take on tough topics of conversation. Even the dumb ones she shouldn’t. 
“Wanna find out?” he asks, moving toward me, invading my personal space. He’s trying to get a rise out of me, and I’m letting him, which is irritating as hell. 
The droplets of rain have turned into a steady shower. Paynter’s glasses are splattered with water and his dark, slightly-too-long locks are plastered to his forehead. His shirt is outlining wide, strong shoulders and a series of sharply defined muscles on his torso.
My hair, I know without looking in a mirror, is ruined and my makeup is probably running down my face. Glancing down, I notice my wet silk shirt is quickly displaying the bra I’m wearing under a sheer white camisole. I guess now he knows I at least wear bras.
I should hurry inside, through the house and out the front door, escape to my own home. Except I can’t seem to make my legs work the way they should. Stumbling backward, my butt hits the warm stones that make up the facade of his house. He presses his hands to the wall on either side of my shoulders, caging me in but still giving me plenty of space to slip under his arm and run away.
I don’t do it, and I don’t know why. It cannot be because I find him ridiculously sexy, with water streaming down his face, dripping from his chin, soaking into his shirt. I stare at his bulging muscles. Maybe he owns a line of gym equipment, maybe he tests it all in his basement every day. How else could he be so beautifully defined?
Glancing down, I’m a bit disappointed that wet jeans are not quite so revealing. When I look up again, he’s shoving his glasses onto his head and smirking. He caught me checking him out. Again. Crap.
“I don’t—” 
“I didn’t think you had it in you, Chloe. I admit, I’m impressed. Maybe even a little turned on.”
Did he just say he was turned on? By me? I have to kick up my defensive mode, remind this guy that he isn’t my type. At this point in my life, no one is my type. I don’t have time to ogle sexy neighbors. I have a partnership to achieve, a career to get back on track. 
“You’re just a sleaze looking to get laid.”  
He’s steadily staring at me, and he isn’t laughing. In fact, he looks downright annoyed as he steps so close I can feel the heat radiating from his body. I’m surprised there isn’t steam curling off him. I can also tell, from this small distance, that the five o’clock shadow is actually a carefully groomed goatee framing incredibly plump and kissable lips. No, not kissable. I need to stop thinking about kissing and Paynter in the same context. Because I don’t like him, and I don’t want to know whether he’s refined that particular skill. 
“And you’re the type where affection has to be scheduled. What would it take? All the lights turned off while you direct from on top? ‘Touch me here, fuck me slower.’ Want to boss me around, Chloe?”
I squeeze my thighs together and press closer to the wall, but there’s no more room, I can’t get away from his warmth or that sexy smell that’s now intermingled with rainwater. So his words, his scent, his body, his freaking glasses turn me on. It doesn’t matter. Ryan Gosling turns me on, too, but I’m not jumping his bones on a deck out in the rain.
“Why don’t you ask one of these girls?” I manage to say. “You know any one of them would sleep with you if they thought it meant they were the winner of that fake ad.”
“The ad was fake?” a girl hovering just inside the door asks.
“Practical joke,” Paynter says. “And I am not going to hook up with one of these girls just because they answered some stupid ad on Craigslist. You need to quit judging me based on some preconceived notion you have, probably from some lousy lay that you can’t seem to get out of your head.”
“My judgment of you has been pretty accurate so far.” My gaze darts to his lips and gets stuck there. 
“Has it?”
Are his lips getting closer?
“Are you thinking I’m probably a damn good kisser right about now?”
“Uh-huh,” I say before my brain catches up to my mouth. And now I can’t take it back, because those lips are lifting in a knowing smile and, damn it, they are getting closer.
And now they’re pressed to mine, shifting ever so slightly back and forth for a scant moment before parting and nipping at my lower lip. I open for him as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be kissing my neighbor in the rain while thirty-two other women wander around his home. At least they’re all inside, hopefully distracted by his food and not witnessing this outrageous public display.
I should pull away, maybe even smack him for his audacity, but instead I clutch at his shirt with the hand that isn’t holding a glass of wine. Just a few more seconds won’t hurt. We’re already kissing anyway. His tongue is in my mouth, sweeping along my teeth. I taste rain and wine, the same Malbec he offered to me. I hadn’t expected him to enjoy the fruity, bold beverage. Figured he was a beer drinker, probably the mid-level American kind. 
All thoughts of our potential audience are shoved away as I shift my hips, trying to get closer to the bulge pressing against the fly of his jeans. I need to rub against it, to ease this ache in my lower belly. It’s so hot. I’m so hot. It’s like we’re ablaze, caught in an inferno... 
“Uh, Paynter?” a female voice calls out from inside the house. “Your grill’s on fire.”
“Shit.” He tears his lips away, leaving me feeling cold despite the heat radiating from the nearby grill. 
I fall back against the wall and very nearly drop my wineglass. Holy God, I just kissed Tall, Dark, and Kissable. My lips are numb, swollen. Lifting my hand, I touch them with my fingertips. He’s kissed my lipstick off. He’s also kissed my senses away, because I want more. 
I have never gone weak in the knees, I have never stood afraid to move afterward because I didn’t think I could walk. I have never craved a second hit, as if his lips are a drug. I’ve not had a plethora of practice in the kissing department, but I’ve certainly had enough to appreciate his prowess.
The prowess of my neighbor. Paynter. The guy who hired an oiled up stripper to grind against me for three minutes and forty-two seconds. The same guy who managed to destroy my retaliating prank by actually enjoying it.
Standing in the rain, I watch as he slams the lid down on his grill and blows on the flames shooting out through the grease trap at the bottom. Glancing to my right, I see a cluster of women standing at the door, watching him and talking among themselves. I catch one gal’s eye. She smirks.
“Party’s over,” she calls out. “Looks like he picked a winner.”
Blindly, I stumble inside, shove my way through the crowd, and rush toward the front door. No, no he did not. I did not win.
But I will.

CHAPTER FOUR

PAYNTER

Is she fucking serious?
Laying my laptop bag down against the front door, I march toward my BMW M6. Taped across the windshield in a pattern of colors are little foil squares. I run my fingers through my hair before taking off my glasses and giving them a quick clean with my shirttail. Putting them back on doesn’t change the fact that she’s treated the one splurge I’ve made for my actual enjoyment with contempt.
It doesn’t change the fact that there’s a blow-up sex doll plastered to the hood and held in place by zip ties either. It’s partially blown up, its arms and legs kind of flat compared to its body. The doll’s head is twisted to face my door, her hole of a mouth gaping at me as if to say, I can’t believe she’d do this either. 
And yes, those foil squares are condoms. 
Fuck me. 
God, I hope those ties she stuck the damn doll on with haven’t destroyed the paint, but it’s still damp and windy this morning after the storm that rolled through late last night, so they’ve probably been rubbing at it for hours. Never mind what the homeowners’ association will think if one of them happens to drive by now. I shake my head and stare up at the dirty scatter of clouds sprayed across the sky. Of course, that’s what she’s aiming for, isn’t it? It’s the only thing that makes sense for why she would have spent time putting together such an elaborate practical joke out in the pounding rain. She wants to get me in trouble with the HOA, because even though we had a perfectly good moment and I thought maybe she’d found a sense of humor when she pulled her last little prank, she’s still completely in love with the idea that I’m scum. 
Well, screw her. While I don’t particularly care what a bunch of pretentious twats think of me, I do understand the value of not making my life any more difficult than it needs to be while I’m living in this neighborhood. I’m not here to make friends, especially not with someone as uptight as Chloe, but at the same time I don’t need something like this putting me in the association’s bad books either.  
I glance toward the end of my driveway, fully expecting to see her there with victory written all over her face, those lips of hers turned up in a smirk. 
It’s possible she’s unhinged, pulling this over-the-top prank. She’d had to have gotten soaked while she taped all those squares to my windshield. Wetter than when I kissed her a couple days ago. It was raining then, too. Fat drops that slid down her face, clinging to her skin and her hair before dripping onto her shoulders and that little sliver of skin at the collar of her shirt. She was so damn adamant that she knew exactly what type of man I am, that it made me want to make sure she understood I’m not the man she’s trying to paint me as. 
And she was staring at me, at my mouth, and I’d been too close not to get a whiff of her perfume, of the soft, feminine scent of her skin. Too near not to notice how her eyes darkened, or that, for some reason I couldn’t quite fathom, a current of heat passed between us. 
I couldn’t let her walk away without making sure she knew at least one truth about me. But I had not expected her to give in to the kiss. Hell, she did more than give in. She slid her tongue into my mouth while she gripped my shirt and tried to rub herself against my cock. Obviously, it’s been a while for her. And for me, because if the grill hadn’t caught fire, I’m not sure I would have let her go so easily. Not even with all those other women in my house. 
When she doesn’t appear at the end of my driveway now to gloat, I head back into the house, picking my laptop up on the way. I still have a few packing boxes in the basement. Let’s see how she handles me giving her back her sordid sex doll. 
It takes a while to carefully peel off every condom and toss them in the box, but at least the tape is easy to clean up. The blow-up doll comes away easily enough as well, without any damage to the paint. I’m equal parts grateful and impressed by the level of care she’s taken to keep from causing any real vandalism. It’s as though she isn’t out to do anything more than one-up me. I can appreciate the humor in her little act of sabotage. Unfortunately for her, I’ve had years of practice at getting even with my siblings. If she thinks I won’t do her one better, she’s got another thing coming, but it’ll have to wait since I need to meet Garrett. For now, returning her supplies will have to be enough.
Once everything is packed in the box, I stride across the lawn toward her house. She still hasn’t made her presence known, but her Cadillac CT6 is parked outside. I stalk straight past the sleek charcoal sedan. 
Her house isn’t as imposing as mine, although even its smaller size still screams of this pretentious Stepford neighborhood, from its hewn stone walls and its white pillared balcony over the front door, right down to the large brass knocker that I ignore in favor of using my fist. 
I jostle the box under my arm while I wait for her to answer. It doesn’t take too long before she opens the door. “What are you doing here?” 
Her question throws me, or perhaps it’s the shortness of her skirt or how the top buttons on the pinstriped shirt she’s wearing are undone while the material clings to her breasts in a way that makes me imagine what she’s hiding underneath it. My brain sort of freezes up with the imbalance of blood pumping in that direction. Then it sparks to life. Sure we shared a kiss. One hell of a kiss I’ve enjoyed replaying a little too much, but she’s still a stuck-up snob who just defiled my car. 
“If you want to have sex with me, all you have to do is ask, sweetheart.” I thrust the box at her. “I’m certain we could make a good dent in your condom supply. I’m not exactly sure what you were thinking with the blow-up doll, but I could probably come up with a few things.” 
“I wasn’t. I don’t…” She pushes the box back at me, her cheeks going red while she glances past me out to the street. It’s as if she’s expecting people to jump out from hiding and catch her in the midst of a scandal. “I don’t want to have sex with you.” 
“Sure you do. Otherwise you would have picked toilet paper or Post–It notes for your prank, not condoms.” 
Her eyes widen and she clenches her hands by her sides. “I thought you could use them since you’re such a ladies’ man. I’m sure you must go through a ton of them with the way you treat women.” 
“With the way I treat women?” I choke on my laughter. She seriously has no fucking clue, and I’m not sure I care to enlighten her. Not when it’s clear she truly is another one of those pretentious stuck-up women I want absolutely nothing to do with. “And what about the way you treat men? Doesn’t it ever get old to judge every man you come across by some ridiculous yardstick? Haven’t you ever heard the expression ‘to assume is to make an ass out of you and me’?”
“I’m not wrong about you. I’m not.” The tense muscles in her biceps push her tits together, which serves to make them stand out and harder to look away from. Her spine goes insanely straight, and it makes me want to dig my fingers into her sleek hair, bend her back, and kiss her again. She looked amazing that day she wasn’t perfectly put together, and stunningly beautiful freshly kissed. I have the hankering to see her lose this rigid, straitlaced shell she’s wearing, but she takes a step closer, glaring at me. “You think because you have a pretty face that life should come easily to you, that women and power and prestige should come easily to you.” 
“No, sweetheart, that’s you. I’m not interested in any of that.” I’ve never wasted my time on dreaming about being wealthy, or living a life where I make friends with people who will stab me in the back if it gets them ahead. 
It doesn’t matter that Chloe’s attractive or that the idea of kissing her makes it so I can practically taste Malbec and something a little sweeter and ultimately her; she’s one of those people I don’t want in my life.
I ignore my taste buds’ fading memory as I push the box at her. “Excuse me if I don’t stand here arguing with you. You’ve made up your mind about me, and I can say the same.”
“No.” She takes a step back, moving farther into her house as she grips the door, preparing to shut it on me. “I’m not taking that.” 
“Sure you are.” 
“I don’t want it.” Another step back while her gaze remains plastered on the box, and then she yelps. 
Dropping the box as she begins to fall, I grab hold of her hand before her ass lands on the ground. She’s not even wearing those ludicrously high heels she seems so fond of. Actually they’re laying right beside her on the Oriental rug.  
“Okay there?” I steady her, one hand to her elbow, the other at her waist, because it feels nice to hold her even if it is at a distance. Her warmth twists the synapses in my brain so that they’re making me think about how it would feel to get my hands under her shirt. And now maybe I’m the crazy one for thinking about wanting more than just one little kiss.
“Take your hands off me,” she demands, pushing me away as she straightens up, and then she winces and bends as she lifts her foot again. “Ouch.” 
“You’re not okay.” I take in the watery shine to her eyes and how her body curves in with the pain. 
“I think I twisted my ankle.” 
Scooping her up in my arms, I leave the box on her front step and carry her into the house, past a large antique mirror. Of course she’d have a mirror right next to her front door. I bet she checks it every time before she walks out to make sure she’s immaculate. Her entryway is filled with plants, an antique coat and umbrella stand, and one of those long benches for taking off shoes. It’s homely and has this cottage vibe to it. 
“Which way to the kitchen?” 
“Through there.” She points to the left of the back wall, against which a long hall table boasts a peace lily and several magazines as well as a hammered copper bowl for keys and stuff. The wall is more of a feature. A short hallway runs along behind it and leads to the kitchen. 
I set her down on the counter. Smoothing my hand down from her knee to her foot, I lift it. She has long, sculpted legs with tight calves, slim ankles, and a splash of purple on her toes. Legs that go all the way up under that short, prim skirt and look like they’d be flexible. I can imagine them wrapped around my hips if I kiss her again, if I lift her off the counter and carry her to bed, although the idea of sliding my fingers up her thigh and under the hem of that cute skirt right here is pretty damn tempting on its own. It shouldn’t be. She shouldn’t make my dick twitch and grow hard, she shouldn’t fill my mind with erotic images where she’s naked and on me, all over me, while I move inside her. 
I am so a leg man right now. Normally I’m an ass man. There’s something about a woman with a tight, round ass narrowing into a tapered waist perfect for holding onto that grinds my gears. That was the first thing I noticed about Chloe, other than her face and that ear-piercing dog whistle, but everything about this woman is sexy.
Focus on the matter at hand, Paynter. “I’m going to take a look to make sure you haven’t done any real damage.” 
“Do you know what you’re doing? Perhaps it would be best if I just went to a doctor.” 
“What happened, anyway? I would have thought you’d twist an ankle in those silly shoes, not barefoot. Honestly, it’s beyond me how those spindly stilts you women choose to wear don’t snap right off the minute you walk in them.” I rove my fingers over her ankle and she hisses out a breath, but everything feels intact so I go to her fridge to get ice. 
“I’m not a klutz. I didn’t just fall over my feet. And I know how to walk in heels. I’m extremely good at it. I’ve been doing it for years.” 
“And yet I kept you from falling on your ass.” 
“Yes, well, I was on my way out. I was about to put my shoes on when you tried to knock my door down. I can’t help it that you pushed that box at me and I tripped over my Miu Miu heels.” 
“You’re kidding.” 
“I’m not. And while we’re on the subject, I prefer people take their shoes off at the door. Do you mind?” 
“Seriously?” This freezer is full of store-bought meals and not much else. Does the woman not know how to cook? At least she has ice, possibly for her wine, so that’s something. “Where do you keep your kitchen towels?” 
“In that drawer,” she points to the cabinets below her. “The third one down. And no, I’m not joking about the shoes.” 
“Fine.” I slip off my Sperrys and then bend to get the towel for the ice. I actually like the fact that she likes to be barefoot at home even if it’s probably for the wrong reasons. No doubt it’s because she can’t stand dirt being tracked into her perfect, sterile environment. Except what I’ve seen inside her house doesn’t mesh well with that idea. 
“Your house is different from what I expected.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“It’s cozy.”
“Look, it might not be as grand as yours, but—”
“I mean it’s comfortable.” I don’t need her to compare our houses. I’m well aware of how ridiculous my current residence is, but it’s still only a house, a place to live and eat and sleep. Even if I’d have settled for a much smaller house in a less perfect neighborhood without batting an eye. “I like it.”
“Yes, well, I like to be comfortable,” she says, and there’s an edge to her wistful tone. As though maybe she doesn’t know how to relax in the presence of other people. 
Is it possible I’ve misread her the same way she has me?
Glancing up, I find her watching me. She’s leaning forward, so her hair hangs past her shoulders. Slim, elegant fingers curl over the edge of the counter, and her knees are slightly parted. If I dipped my gaze, I would be peeking under her skirt in this position. The tip of her tongue appears between her lips, and the delicate muscles at the base of her jaw move. 
“Paynter?” Her voice is husky and low. It’s almost soft, the way she says my name, her usual edge fizzling away. 
Shit, I can’t stop my gaze from going to that spot between her knees for a fraction of a second, and when I manage to focus on her face it’s even closer than before. Her blue eyes are framed by thick, black lashes that lie in contrast against her pale skin. Her lips are parted and mere inches away. 
“Jesus.” Straightening up, I scrape the pads of my fingers along her jaw as I bridge the distance to kiss her. The pulse at her throat beats double time under my palm, and she tips her head back, her tongue playing with mine. Her hair is silk against my knuckles. Slipping my fingers through it at the nape of her neck, I shift closer until her knees clench either side of my hips. 
When she bunches up my shirt in her hand and yanks me closer, I groan into her mouth and tighten my hold on the back of her head. Her tongue thrusts against mine, eager and unrestrained. When she kisses she seems to forget who she is, or maybe who she pretends to be. I like this side of her, this open and unchecked woman underneath her haughty outer layers, with her scent like rain, sweet, fresh, and evocative. 
Dropping the towel, I mash her to me. Her hot body curves to mine, those knees coming up higher as she drops a hand to the counter surface to brace herself while she grinds against my erection. God, she’s hot, and so is the scorching sensation that zings in my nerves at every point we touch and becomes raw need in my gut. 
Damn, it’s been a while since anything felt this good. 
I drag my hand from her hair to the buttons on her shirt so I can undo one, and then another while I kiss down her throat to the creamy V of skin flashing beneath her collar. Using my pinkie, I tug the material aside and dart my tongue over the top of one plump breast where the lace of her bra sits flush with her skin. “You’re not as stiff as you pretend to be, are you, sweetheart?” 
“Not as stiff as you,” she says, her hand sliding between us, down my torso. 
Is she going for a crotch grab? I don’t think I could have imagined her making a move like that in my wildest fantasies, and yes, I’ve been imagining her doing more than that kiss we shared the other evening. But sure enough, her hand covers my hardness and squeezes. Her touch is fire as she rubs up and down the length of my rigid cock. 
“Fucking hell.” I hiss between my teeth as I slip a hand between her thighs. She squirms in place, spreading her legs so I can press my fingers to her panties. And now I know the answer to the question I haven’t been able to shake. Her panties do exist, but the silk is soaked right through and the barrier they present is a tease in itself. 
When she moans loudly from the barest whispered touch I’m captivated. “If I’m stiff it’s because of you. You’re turning me on so much, I want to whip down your panties and plunge inside you. That’s what you want, isn’t it?” 
“Uh-huh.” She grips my hair in one hand, pulling me into another kiss. 
I run my finger up and down her seam beneath the silk. “I knew you wanted me to come over here and fuck you. Can’t waste all those condoms.”
“The box.” She gasps, her nimble hands leaving my skin. “It’s still at the door. What if someone sees it?” 
“What if they do?” I lean in to kiss her again, but she pulls back farther. “All they’ll think is you have a fetish for sex dolls.”
She ignores that, which is too bad because it was the perfect lead-in to some seriously dirty conversation. “Do you really think I wanted you to come over here so I could have sex with you?” 
The mask she wears starts at her eyes. The softness and heat leaves her gaze, her jaw becomes sharper, her cheek muscles lock in to an expression of disdain. And then she lifts the nose that three seconds ago I might have called cute into the air and looks down it at me at the same time she pries my hand from between her legs. 
“You have a high opinion of yourself. Do all the women you sleep with tell you you’re good in bed? I bet they lie to you. Most of them probably fake their orgasms.” 
“Want to find out for yourself?” Where the hell did the woman I was getting close with just go? It makes my head spin and kills my boner better than a bucket of ice water.
“Is that how you made your money? Are you in porn or some kind of gigolo?” She busies herself, combing the snags out of her hair, smoothing her skirt, and fixing the buttons on her shirt. 
With a snort, I roll my gaze to the roof and thread my hands together on top of my head. “You really don’t give people a chance before you form opinions of them, do you?” 
“Well, am I right?” She snaps her attention to my face.
“No, sweetheart. You’re dead wrong.” Snatching up the towel, I wrap a handful of ice into it and hand it to her. “Why? Are you curious?” 
“No. I don’t care what you do.” She pulls her foot up on the counter, angling her legs to block any more chances of me getting a glimpse between them, while she puts the ice to her puffy ankle. “I know enough to be able to make an informed opinion.” 
God help me, she’s just another stuffy, conceited princess, isn’t she? No matter how attracted to her I am, the last thing I’m looking for is a woman where nothing will ever be good enough, big enough, expensive enough. Where her only interest is what will distinguish her above everyone around her. No doubt Chloe has a five-year plan for making that happen. Each little detail written down, outline style, and it’d probably take an act of God for her to deviate. She’s more stuck-up, more pretentious than anyone I’ve ever met. Almost. Which is why I’m done with this woman already. She can keep her opinions to herself, because I’m sure as hell not interested enough to care. Just because I’m attracted to her doesn’t mean I need to act on it. 
“Do you want me to help you down from there?” 
“No, I think it’s time you left.” She doesn’t bother to look at me. “And take that box with you.” 
“Fine.” I push my feet back into my shoes and head out the way I came. “But if you ever decide you’re sick of making assumptions, you know where I live.” I don’t know why I practically invite her over. If anything, I should tell her to stay the hell out of my yard and away from my car. It’s probably best we don’t even try to be friends. Yet, for some reason that eludes me, I hope that she takes me up on the offer, and I’m already planning revenge that will make her efforts seem pathetic in comparison. It’s only because I want to see her face when she realizes she’s wrong about me. I’m not curious about the woman who slips out of character from time to time. 
I tuck the box under my arm as I make my way down the pavement to my house. I was on my way out before all this happened. Shit, now I’m running late to meet Garrett. 

CHAPTER FIVE

CHLOE

“Thanks for staying late and helping me finish this project, Chloe.” 
My boss, James Frost, clamps a hand onto my shoulder and gives it a couple of squeezes. It’s affectionate but not in a do-I-have-to-worry-he’s-hitting-on-me? way. To tell you the truth, I’ve worked for him for nearly a year and I honestly don’t know if he’s straight. He dresses almost better than me in his tailored, body-hugging suits, and he gets his hair trimmed religiously every two weeks at noon on Friday. He’s noticed his temples are starting to gray, and he can’t decide if it’s making him look distinguished or if he needs to add a regular dye appointment to that twice-monthly cut. 
My thoughts stray to my wrinkled shirt-wearing, broad chest-baring, kissing king of a neighbor. No question there at all. That man makes me want to climb him, despite my best intentions. James makes me want to sit across from him in an armchair with a roaring fire between us, each absorbed in our own book while we share a bottle of aged brandy.
“Anytime,” I say.
He glances at the Rolex on his wrist and a frown mars his brow. “Damn, that took longer than I expected. I suspect I missed them.” He whips out his phone and taps out what I presume is a text message.
“Hot date?” I can’t help asking. 
“My siblings,” he says. He’s watching his phone while he talks. “We were all supposed to get together tonight.” He snorts. “Why the hell did they pick that place?” And then he sighs. “It’s literally on the other side of town. If I go, it’ll be midnight before I get to bed tonight, assuming I get there before they decide to leave. And I have to present this project to the board tomorrow.” I can hear the frustration in his voice as he tries to work out whether he’s going out or staying in.
“Well, that’s my cue. I’ll see you tomorrow.” I don’t want him to ask my opinion, because I would choose going home alone. In fact, my own home is calling, my haven, the place I can be me and not worry that someone might be whispering or thinking about how I look, what I’m wearing, whether I’m successful enough.
Except I can’t even be me there anymore. The thought hits me while I’m driving home. I rub at my chest like the thought is an itch, maybe a tick that’s gotten under my skin. It’s not fair. Just because Paynter lives next door doesn’t mean I should change anything about my routine. I should still be able to spend all day Sunday in my pajamas, not bothering with makeup or even a shower. I should be able to hang my laundry on the clothesline, not to save energy but because I love it when the smell of nature permeates what I wear. Even my undies and bras. 
There’s a newer model hybrid SUV parked at the curb in front of Paynter’s house, but his vehicle, that sweet-ass Beamer, is not in the driveway when I pull into my own. Nor are there any lights on in his house, with the very distinct exception of the brass and glass faux gas lantern hanging over his front door. Is he out? On a date?
I don’t care. Wait, I do. He’s out and there’s a full moon in a cloudless sky, clearly illuminating the path to my favorite place to escape: the lake bordering our backyards. I haven’t been down there since he moved in, because I’ve been so paranoid about him seeing a side of me that isn’t the tough-as-nails woman in power. It’s bad enough I forget how to breathe, let alone how not to act wanton every time his lips are anywhere in my vicinity.
I sit in the car and watch for any sign of movement. Nothing. He’s really not home. And I really want to go sit on the dock and enjoy a cocktail, with no one but the frogs and fish to keep me company. There’s a nice breeze, so I won’t even have to worry about swatting mosquitoes. This evening cannot possibly be any more perfect.
And I am taking advantage, now, before it’s too late. My neighbor could return home—possibly not alone—and ruin my evening.
Scrambling out of the car, I hurry into the house, my limp almost entirely gone thanks to icing my ankle every day for the past week and wearing low heels with my power suits. Too bad I can’t get away with wearing sensible shoes every day. I wince because I’m the only one dictating what I put on my feet.
But I want to make partner, and tall women get noticed. 
Dropping my briefcase and purse on the bench near the front door, I reach inside the bag and grab an elastic band. I kick off my shoes and pad through the house in bare feet while securing my hair into what I’m certain is an incredibly sloppy ponytail. I can’t wait to put on the pajama bottoms I pretend are yoga pants and my favorite baggy, old-as-dirt U of M sweatshirt. I even replace the bra with a cami before dragging the worn, soft cotton material over my head.
A quick pit stop in the kitchen, where I make myself a vodka tonic—a double—and then grab a pre-made cheese and cracker platter courtesy of my favorite gourmet grocery store. With one more swift glance to ensure Paynter definitely isn’t home, I slide my feet into a pair of flip-flops and I’m heading through the backyard toward the water.
It’s a small, private lake with no public access. The houses butting up to the shore pay significantly higher taxes, but it’s worth it to be able to sink into an Adirondack chair, stare out at the water, and feel like you’re the only person who even exists at the moment. 
I’m two steps onto the sand and contemplating taking off my flip-flops when the first explosion hits. The sand underneath my feet flies upward, like a mini volcano, and there’s a loud popping noise that causes me to drop my drink and food and fall to the ground. Is my neighborhood under attack? What the hell is going on?
I try to crab crawl toward the cover of trees when another mini volcano erupts under my hand. Jerking it away, I cross both arms over my chest and roll, leaving explosions in my wake. My God, I really am under attack. What the hell have I done? Did I accidentally cross the mob in one of my more lucrative business deals?
Would the mob plant bombs on my beach?
No. Terrorists. Heaven help me, terrorists are after me and I don’t even have my phone so I can call 9-1-1.
Another explosion slaps sand into my face, and I choke on the dust and granules. I freeze where I am and carefully look around, searching for any sign of my attackers. If I can figure out where they are, hopefully, I can run in the opposite direction. 
I see nothing but deep shadows against the clear sky. The beach is almost glowing with the light from the full moon. I notice little craters of sand all around me, and it finally occurs to me that despite the explosions, some of which I am certain made contact with my skin, I am uninjured, save possibly having aggravated the almost healed injury to my ankle.
That’s strange. Although, now that my heart begins to slow, not quite as strange as the idea of someone tossing bombs at me on my beach. A swift glance at Paynter’s house … lights are pouring through the windows, painting designs on the grass.
That son of a bitch. He just about gave me a heart attack with this latest shenanigan. 
Gritting my teeth, I stand and hurriedly brush the sand from my clothing while stalking across the beach—setting off one more harmless explosion, which solidifies my suspicion that he deliberately buried some sort of fireworks on my property.
A shadow passes by one of the windows, followed by another. He has company, but that doesn’t stop my forward motion. We’ve had confrontations in front of other people before; why should we break that habit now? I’m so fired up, I need to yell at him, and I’m not waiting for a more convenient time.
Stalking up onto his deck, I head toward the door leading into his kitchen, forcing my mind away from the memory of the wet and hot kiss we shared only two feet to the right. I am furious with the man right now. I do not want to snog him.
I see Paynter standing inside, holding a lowball glass and laughing, as if he’s sharing a joke with someone I can’t see. Probably talking about how he scared the crap out of me a few minutes ago. Was he hiding in the bushes and made a mad dash to the house after the second hit? Or did he stay and watch me roll around in the sand like a demented scaredy-cat? 
Before I reach the door, Paynter glances over and spies me. A wide grin splits his face and for a second, my steps falter as I stare at the sheer beauty of the man. 
“Chloe,” he calls out, heading toward the door. “Is that you, sweetheart? Is that my sexy as fuck neighbor?”
Sexy as fuck? Did he just call me sexy as fuck? I’ve never even been called sexy before, let alone with the “as fuck” added to the end. Why the hell does that make me squirm, make my thighs heat, make me wish for…
I can’t finish the thought because I’m distracted by Paynter, who’s lurching toward me. He tugs open the door and stands there, looking at me through the screen. A dark-haired, petite woman steps into view behind him.
Was he out on a date and brought her home? If that’s the case, why is he acting so happy to see me? Is she in on the prank he pulled down at the beach? He’d better not be sharing that frustrating aspect of our relationship with her. Yes, I recognize the insanity of feeling proprietary over something that so gets under my skin, but truthfully, I’m feeling that way about the man himself, too, at the moment, and if there’s anything that gets under my skin, it’s definitely Paynter.
“Who’s that?” the woman asks.
“My neighbor,” Paynter announces, flapping his arm drunkenly. “She’s right here. Standing on my deck.”
“I can see that,” the woman says, laughter in her voice. “Why don’t you invite her in?”
“Why don’t I?” He fumbles with the latch on the screen door. There’s still a wide grin on his face. His eyes are a bit glassy behind his spectacles, and his button-down shirt is untucked and as wrinkled as ever, which should absolutely not be appealing. 
“I have a bone to pick with you,” I say as I step into his house and kick off my flip-flops. A small pile of sand lands on the tiles near my feet.
Apparently ignoring my words and my tone, he raises his arms, like he’s about to give me a hug, but then he stops and stares instead. “You aren’t wearing a power suit.”
I look down at my pajama bottoms and sweatshirt. That deflates a little of the wind from my sails. There is nothing to do but to own my dishevelled appearance. 
“Nope.”
“And you have sand in your hair.”
I start to run my hand through the strands, but my fingers get caught in the sloppy ponytail. “Yes, I do. And it’s all because of your stupid—”
“Fuck me, you’re even sexier now.” 
“What?”
He throws his arms around me and we struggle for a few seconds while I try to keep us both from toppling into any nearby furniture and he attempts to kiss every bit of me he can reach, which is mostly my hair and shoulder. I get a whiff of bourbon when I finally manage to balance us both.
“Are you drunk?” I ask.
“Family tradition,” he announces and then flaps an arm over his shoulder, presumably indicating the woman standing behind him. “We always take each other out and get them drunk on their birthdays.” Another person walks into the room and comes up short when he spots me.
“Chloe,” Paynter’s brother Garrett says. “It is Chloe, right? I should know this. Paynt’s been talking about you all damn night.”
Probably about how he expected me to react to his latest prank.
“I have,” Paynter confirms. “All good things. Really good things. And it’s my birthday,” he abruptly announces. “So you should kiss me.”
“Er…”
“Come on. You know you liked it when we did it before. I know I did. Wanna know what else I want to do with you? Have I told you how good I am with details?”
Laughter bubbles up my throat and escapes while I try to catch his hands, which are determined to grab my ass—no, my boobs. Okay, both. He’s like an innocent, eager teenager trying to shock his principal—minus the zits.
“Oh-h-h, you’re not wearing a bra. How about panties? Are you wearing those?”
I snag his wandering hands and say, “Maybe you should introduce me to your friend.”
“My friend?” He swings around, as if he has no idea who I’m talking about, and I have to grab his waist because I almost lose my balance with the sudden loss of his touch. He clamps his hands down over mine and tugs me close, until I’m hugging him from behind. I can feel every one of those hard ridges on his back, and I’m not talking about his spine. The man has the most muscular back I’ve ever had the pleasure to touch. 
Turning his head, he manages to drop a smacking kiss on my nose before I can twist my head to the side. 
“That’s my brother. You’ve met Garrett already, haven’t you?”
Garrett chuckles. “Nice to officially meet you, Chloe.”
“I told them your pranks are funny,” Paynter says in a stage whisper that probably reaches the neighbors on the other side of the lake. Garrett practically chokes on his laughter, and I can hear the woman snickering, too. “And your kisses are hot. I told you guys that, didn’t I?”
“Actually, you told us you wanted to—” 
The woman cuts off whatever Garrett was about to say. “He really did have nothing but good things to say about you,” she says. “I’m Veronica, by the way. Their sister.” She stabs her thumb over her shoulder to indicate Garrett then nods at Paynter.
“Ronnie,” Paynter declares. “You can call her Ronnie. She doesn’t let many people, but you can.”
Veronica—Ronnie, whatever—gives a throaty laugh. “He’s right. Only family and friends call me Ronnie. Feel free.” 
I don’t want to know that Paynter talks about me to his siblings, and whatever he’s told them doesn’t make them hate me. And I don’t want his sister to like me so much she’s already decided I belong in some inner circle of people who are allowed to call her by a nickname, even if I think Ronnie’s a cool nickname for a girl.
This is not part of my plan. My life would be so much easier if they all disliked me and Paynter and I drew a line in the sand and each agreed to stay on our side. No more pranks, no more kisses. Just neighbors. I have goals to achieve and he’s a distraction. Too much distraction. 
“Wait, were you talking about my sister? She’s not my friend,” Paynter says.
Huh? Oh right, I called her a friend a moment ago, when I thought she was a date he’d brought home. Apparently I need more practice speaking drunken rambling. 
“Thanks a lot,” Ronnie responds.
“Not like you’re my friend,” he says to me. “You’re one of the funnest friends I have.”
Me?
“Funnest?” Ronnie says with a snort.
“And cutest,” Paynter adds.
Me?
“We don’t even like each other,” I say, desperately trying to find my equilibrium. It disappeared somewhere between funnest and cutest. 
“What?” Paynter is all mock indignation as he twirls around to face me. “We do too like each other. People who don’t like each other don’t kiss like we do.”
“We don’t kiss,” I say weakly. “I mean, I know we have, and yes, it was pretty spectacular, both times, but we aren’t right now, nor should we in the future. We’re neighbors. And, apparently, friends. That doesn’t generally include kissing.”
“Glad to know you don’t go around kissing your other neighbors, but I should be excluded from that particular rule.” He stabs a thumb at his chest and affects a serious, albeit drunken look. 
 “I…” I try to voice my thoughts, but nothing comes out.
“It’s my birthday,” he says. “You at least owe me a birthday kiss.” 
Before I can work out how he’s managed to come to this conclusion, he’s grabbed my arms, pulling them toward him so that I’m hugging his waist. And then his hands come up to cup my face, his fingers threading into my hair. I can feel the strands being tugged out of my ponytail, the sand sprinkling my shoulders and the floor, and I can only imagine what I must look like right now. I try to tell myself I don’t care what these people think of me, but the reality is, I’m practically praising God the lighting in his house is dim.
While I’m saying my ridiculous prayers, Paynter’s lips descend, and I become focused. Those plump promises of sensual delight are the only aspect of my world. I am unable to close my eyes as his face draws nearer, as his eyelids flicker closed behind his glasses, as his lips pucker slightly. My tongue slips out, moistening my upper lip a scant moment before he’s claiming that birthday kiss.
Tilting his head to the side, he opens his mouth and thrusts out his tongue. I answer by parting my lips, and then he’s invading me, devouring me as if he finds my taste divine and can’t possibly get enough. My fingers curl into his shirt. I’m holding on for dear life. If I let him go I may be swept away into a black hole.
He untangles a hand from my hair and drops it to my ass, squeezing and pulling me closer. His erection presses into my belly, and I stand on tiptoe, trying to adjust my stance so it’s pressing between my thighs instead. I want that friction. I’m craving it right now. He’s the most decadent chocolate, the finest wine, the most perfectly seasoned and prepared steak. Just because I don’t cook doesn’t mean I don’t appreciate food. Or a man who can kiss like it’s his mission in this life.
He pulls his lips from mine and whispers them across my cheek to my ear, where he nibbles for a moment before murmuring, “Spend the night with me, Chloe.”
My knees almost buckle. Is he serious? Yet I’m thinking about it. There are so many reasons not to, and only one reason why it makes sense: Because my vibrator is not going to cut it tonight, not knowing this utterly kissable man is sleeping only a short distance away. To hell with being just neighbors. I want to be sexy, bad neighbors. 
“That’s some birthday kiss.” Ronnie’s voice penetrates my brain. We are not alone. I’m supposed to be angry at him, not slurping at his face like he’s the tastiest damn hot fudge sundae. 
I love fudge. But this cannot happen. I should still be upset about that prank. I need to tell him to stop—stop the pranks, stop the kisses, stop looking at me like he likes me, like he wants to get to know me, all of me, physically and emotionally. I don’t do emotions, not anymore. I do corporate ladder climbing. 
I try to disentangle myself from his arms, but Paynter doesn’t seem to want me to go. “Come ‘eer,” he says, puckering up like he’s ready for round two.
“No. You—you—you set off fireworks on my beach!”
He drops his arms and blinks bemusedly for a few seconds before a laugh bursts from his lips. Those damn kissable lips.
“I didn’t set off fireworks—you did. I just buried them in the sand,” Paynter says, as if I’m supposed to find his sense of humor amusing. And maybe I might have—grudgingly—if Garrett didn’t add his two cents. 
“Oh shit,” he says, laughing. “I forgot we did that earlier today.”
Clenching my fists, I glare at Paynter. “You had your brother help prank me?”
“That’s what you two were doing down at the beach?” Ronnie adds. At least I know she wasn’t in on it too.
“Hey, I had to get you back for the condom incident,” Paynter replies.
“The condom incident?” Garrett repeats, his eyebrows shooting so high they get lost in his hairline.
“Not what you think,” Paynter says without taking his gaze off me.
“Definitely not,” I add while staring him down. What am I doing? Daring him to make it what Garrett thinks? Am I crazy?
“But it could be,” Paynter says, apparently reading my mind.
“No, it can’t. I can’t.” This—this thing between us, whatever it is, is getting out of hand. I cannot let his siblings think there is anything going on between us. And despite the temptation his kisses create, despite my highly smutty thoughts constantly heading in that direction, there will not be anything, either. I have other priorities in my life right now, and I have every confidence that if I let him in any further, Paynter will ruin everything I’ve worked for, everything I’ve had to re-work for after Marcus screwed me over and forced me to start a new climb up that corporate ladder at a different company. 
Because Paynter is blocking an easy exit out the door onto the deck, I stride through his kitchen, heading toward the arched entry leading into the foyer.
“Sweetheart, where are you going?” he calls out. “My bedroom’s that way.” I glance over my shoulder and see him point at the staircase, that silly, drunken grin still on his face. Damn it, screw how adorable he looks like that.
I look to the heavens as if seeking divine intervention, only to find that horrible chandelier dripping from the ceiling, on proud display, mocking all the normal furniture in the house. 
“Why on earth did you choose that chandelier?” I ask, unable to stop myself. 
“Oh my God, isn’t it the ugliest thing you’ve ever seen?” his sister says, almost screeching the words.
I think I love her. 
“Yes.” I may have said that word a bit emphatically, but the thing is atrocious. All long, lean lines of dripping crystals, shaped like a, well... It’s terribly phallic-looking, to say the least. 
“I hate that chandelier,” Paynter says, and I drop my gaze and arch my eyebrows, asking without really asking. The previous owners had been hunters, and their chandelier had been made of dead deer antlers. This chandelier was added after he bought the house. 
“He didn’t pick it out,” Garret supplies.
“Shut up, Garrett,” Paynter responds.
“What? You don’t want the next girlfriend to know what the last one was like?”
Uh-oh. I hear the strangest sound in my head, like a siren of some sort, warning me of something. The rocks, Oedipus! Will Robinson, watch out!
“Yeah, I’m not his next girlfriend,” I try to say, but Paynter dives at Garrett and claps his hand over his brother’s mouth. I’m not sure what Garrett does, but I’m pretty sure it involves licking, because Paynter pulls his hand away and swipes it on his pant leg.
“Gross. You’re such a fucking adolescent,” he complains.
“Takes one to know one,” Garrett says in a singsong voice. I have to agree with Paynter on this one. Initially, based entirely on their looks, I would have pegged Garrett as older, but now I wonder.
“So anyway,” Garrett says as if continuing a previous conversation, “just to be clear about the chandelier. I’m about 70 percent positive that’s not Paynt’s taste.” 
“That’s not exactly clear,” I point out.
“It’s Bernadette’s taste.”
Who the hell is Bernadette? Please tell me she’s their mother.
“Shut the fuck up, Garrett.” Paynter sounds almost lucid, but then he lunges at his brother like they’re in the ring at those ridiculous cage match things I occasionally see advertised on television. Garrett rushes into the formal dining room, and Ronnie and I watch as Paynter chases him around the table for several laps.
“Is this normal?” I ask her.
“Yep. Especially after a half dozen shots of bourbon, each one chased by a different beer. We were at a craft brewery tonight,” she explains.
“Lovely.” 
“Bernadette,” Garrett shouts as he rushes by. “Queen B. That woman had the biggest fucking stick up her ass. I don’t know how there was room for Paynt’s dick.”
Biggest fucking stick up her ass. Isn’t that how Paynter described me, the day we met? Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. I have to get out of here.
“But he managed. For five years he managed. We kept telling him he was an idiot, but her pussy must’ve been like a drug or some shit, because he refused to listen. Even started talking about proposing. And all that crazy-ass, stuck-up bitch wanted was for him to fit into her life plan. Didn’t give a shit about love or forever after or anything. Or even him. She just wanted him to conform.”
Her life plan. She had a plan. And she had a stick up her ass.
“Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Garrett.” Paynter sounds angry, irrationally so. Which makes sense, since he’s drunk as a skunk.
Do skunks actually get drunk?
My mind is bouncing around, trying to find a safe place to settle, and finding only landmines, explosives, and bad history that can never be undone.
“I have to go.” The words tumble out of my mouth, even as I hurry toward the door. “Dog. I have to let the dog out.” I don’t have a dog, of course. They’re messy and require upkeep and attention and training. Like Paynter.
“I have to get out of here.” 
I catch a glimpse of Ronnie’s face as I stumble past her, blindly making my way across the foyer. She looks concerned, confused. Me, I’m not confused. Paynter is one of those guys, and I’m one of those girls.
And the two do not mix. Not even for one night.

CHAPTER SIX

PAYNTER

For the life of me, I can’t concentrate on these damn updates I promised my brother I’d finish for the program I created for his office. They’re not exactly difficult changes to make. A few lines of code here and there will make the processes they use run smoother, but I can’t wrench my mind away from my neighbor. I don’t know her last name or her phone number, though she lives right next to me. I have no idea what she does to have to dress the way she does, but obviously she works in an office. 
I pull in a deep breath and expel it while I remove my glasses and drop them on my desk. I’m working through small chat with her in my head because I don’t want to focus on the fact that I should have gone after her when she raced from my house the other night. 
Getting up, I stretch the kinks from my back and rub roughly at the taut muscles in my neck. The doctor diagnosed my acute pain and headaches as stress related. But they’d gone away months ago. I shouldn’t be getting stressed out about my cute neighbor and whether my brother offended her. It shouldn’t even matter that she noted the underlying similarities he spoke of and applied them to herself. But clearly Garret’s rant upset her. 
Trying to get him to shut up, watching her face as she got the gist of what he was saying, made me hotheaded. It was one of those moments where being drunk only helped to clarify and solidify the differences. She stood in my kitchen and not once did she look down her nose at my family. Instead, she bantered with Ronnie and made fun of that god-awful chandelier. All while rocking sweats and this ponytail that made me want to pull the band out and run my hands through her hair. 
I should have at least made sure she was okay, but Garrett was still shooting his mouth and Ronnie had dragged him out right behind Chloe. By the time she’d gotten him in the car, my neighbor had disappeared into her dark house. 
Ronnie had simply clicked her tongue when she caught me staring at Chloe’s house and told me to give the girl time before I harassed her any more. 
Striding to the window, I stare across the way. She’s kept a low profile all week. There’s been no friendly bickering, no practical jokes, no getting my arms around her. Clearly she took Garrett’s idiotic rambling to heart. I don’t even know why I’m letting it bother me, except it was my brother who put his foot in his mouth. 
I need to fix it. Or at least I need to make sure she didn’t take it as a personal affront. Garrett’s only seen her in sweats, so he wouldn’t pin her as that type out of nowhere.
Her car comes into view at the end of the street, and I watch it until it rolls to a stop outside her house. There’s really nothing else I can do but go see her and apologize for Garrett’s lack of manners. Stalking out of the house, I cut across my lawn and hers. I’ll just have a quick word and then get back to the coding. 
She’s half in the car, half out of it, her ass and those shapely legs the only part of her visible as I come up behind her. I get a kick of anticipation as I wait for her to exit the vehicle. She may want to believe I’m a thorn in her side, but boy, does that make the challenge of breaking her down until she gives in enjoyable. Especially when each time we clash it ends up with my arms around her waist and her mouth locked to mine. 
I spike my fingers through my messy, overworked hair—a bad habit I have when I’m concentrating on script. It gives my hand something to do that won’t involve getting yelled at, slapped, or sending her scurrying to disappear into her house. Her ass wiggles as she slowly backs out of the car, and my dick twitches. It can’t be helped; I’m hardwired to be affected by her. The view is far too sweet. I could stare at it for the rest of my life.
She emerges with a bag filled with plastic takeaway containers. Must be more of that stuff she keeps in her freezer. “Oh. Paynter. You scared me. Don’t you have anything better to do than loiter outside my house?” 
When she turns around, I forget about staring at her ass. She’s flawlessly made up. Her hair is swept up in a neat ’do. Even after what I presume is an entire day at the office, there’s not a strand out of place. Oh, how I want to ruffle her, drag the pins or whatever from her hair and push my fingers through it until the tresses tumble loose. I want to kiss those perfectly stained lips, too, and then I want to step back and admire her pretty eyes and the way she looks when she’s not made up to be Corporate Barbie. 
But I don’t do any of it. “I wanted to make sure you weren’t offended by what Garrett said the other night. I figured since I hadn’t seen you all week, you must have taken it personally.” I cover the distance between us as she shuts the car door. “I don’t want you thinking he was in any way directing those comments at you.” 
“I know he wasn’t.” She presses the lock on her key fob and then again as though she’s not certain she did so the first time. She busies herself with the bag in her hand and her briefcase, all the while leaning away from me. “That doesn’t change the fact that he’s right.”
“He’s not right.” I have this deep down need to set her straight on what she believes of herself. For all her trying to be this uptight, image-perfect, world-conquering, man-hating—I could come up with a lot of words for the kind of woman my ex was, the kind of woman Chloe likes to imagine she is —I don’t believe her. Grasping her wrist, I catch her as she tries to hurry away. 
“There’s more to you, isn’t there, Chloe? Women like that don’t kiss guys like me, they don’t make out with them in public or laugh with my family.” 
“She kissed you, didn’t she? A woman like that?” Her gaze flashes with heat, and she juts out her chin. “She probably made out with you in public, too. Which, by the way, wasn’t meant to happen. You kissed me.” 
“You sound a little jealous.”
“Do I?” She says it as though she can’t quite believe that she does. “There’s nothing to be jealous about. That woman and I aren’t different. Your brother might not have been talking about me, but it’s plain she and I are alike and that you and I should steer clear of each other.”
To hell with steering clear of her. I want to get a lot closer. She thinks she and Queen B are similar, but there’s a girl who rocks pajamas and ratty old college sweatshirts inside her that I need to know more about. That’s the woman I want to hang out with. I can’t stop thinking about getting her into my bed and tasting more than the sweet kisses we’ve shared. Hearing her laugh and the way she becomes breathless when we’re so close I can feel her body heat sucks the air right out of me and makes my pulse beat harder. 
“I disagree,” I say softly. 
With a grimace, she pulls her hand out of mine and tries to look down her nose at me. “But that’s exactly who I am, Paynter. I am the woman with the plan.” 
I can’t bring myself to tell her she didn’t hide the slight disappointment that steals across her face, that she’s not as convincing as she’d like to be. “So what’s your plan?” 
“Right now?” She glances at the bag clutched in her hand. “I plan to have dinner.” 
“That’s not a plan,” I say, because it isn’t at all what I expected her to say. It’s not even color coded, and there’s nothing about her career. “And that’s not dinner.” 
“Yes, it is. It’s healthy and it goes well with my wine.” 
“So you’re going to go into your empty house and eat a quiet, lonely dinner? And you’re calling it a plan?” 
“I have wine.” 
I bite my lip and grin at her. The affronted look she gives me shouldn’t be as cute as it is. “So do I. Come have dinner with me.” 
A quick glance at my house and she jingles the keys in her fingers. Her tongue peeks between her lips and her eyelids flutter. When she brings her gaze back to me, she shakes her head and the tiny diamonds in her ears sparkle. “I don’t think that would be a good idea.” 
“Live a little.” I step in closer, my hand on her wrist again. She wants something from me, but I don’t know what. It isn’t dinner, it might just be my mouth on hers, but I’ll give her both if she lets me.
“I do live.” She says it quietly, unconvincingly. 
“Again, eating dinner that comes from takeaway containers by yourself is neither a plan nor living.” 
“And I told you I have wine waiting for me.” 
“You’re talking about wine like it’s your boyfriend.” 
“So?” 
“You’re going to eat dinner with me.” I take the plastic bag from her hand so that I can capture it in my own. “I promise it won’t be as painful as it sounds.” 
We stand there, staring at each other until she attempts a half-hearted shrug and gives in. “Just dinner.” 
“Whatever you want,” I say. Her palm is warm against mine, her skin satiny smooth where I rub my thumb over it. Is it wrong that I hope she wants me to kiss her again, to take it further? Would she whisper my name and hold on tight if I pushed her up against my door, yanked her panties aside, and plunged my cock inside her? Would she ride me like a cowgirl on the stairs to the second floor? Would she suck me off for the pleasure of it? Yeah, I would do all of it, if that’s what she wanted. 
She places her case next to the door as I close it then follows me into the kitchen where I stow her supply of deli meals in the fridge and crack open a bottle of wine. Pouring some into a glass, I hand it to her then get myself one. Does she drink beer? Does she have an opinion on IPA or dark? Or is she strictly a wine girl? I have no issues with either, depending on the circumstance. Right now there’s a sort of odd peace between us, and I figure I’ll roll with it and go with her obvious love for Malbec. 
She rolls the wine around the glass before taking a sip. “How do you know about wine? Is it because of her? Your ex?”
“Of course. How else would a guy like me know anything about the complexities of a good wine?” I pull a tray of chicken breasts out of the fridge and set them down individually on a wooden board before going back for Camembert, bacon, green beans, and baby potatoes. “That’s what you’re expecting me to say, isn’t it?” 
She studies the nail polish on one hand for a moment. “But that’s not the case?” 
“No.” I butterfly the breasts and flatten them with my palms. She watches me as though she’s never touched raw meat before. 
“What then?” Leaning forward, she places her glass on the counter, her fingers still on the stem. 
“There’s a couple punnets of strawberries in the fridge. Do you mind getting them?” 
“You’re going to make me work for the answer?” 
“Now that’s an idea.” I grin at her. Those fingers keep turning the glass. Does she want to put them on something else? Me, perhaps? I have half a mind to tell her to come here and kiss me for every answer she wants. “But no. You ask, and I’ll answer.” 
Her heels click as she goes to the fridge for the strawberries. “Anything else you need?” 
I need to touch you, but that’s more of a want. Except I can feel it under my skin, this creeping kind of energy that makes me want to pull her to me so I can bury my nose in her hair and be intoxicated by her scent, or nibble on her bottom lip just for a taste, or undo those buttons on her blouse so I can see more of her satiny skin. 
“There’s a bowl under there.” I point at the door she’ll need to open. “And why don’t you kick off those shoes while you’re at it. You don’t have to maintain your rigid professionalism with me. Remember, I’ve seen you in your pajamas.” 
“How could I forget?” She sets the bowl and the strawberries down between us while I pack the breasts with Camembert and tie them up with thin slices of bacon. 
Once they’re laid out on a tray, I wash my hands and pass her a knife. “You’re doing that.” 
The look on her face is priceless. She takes a full step away from the counter, her gaze locked on the knife in my hand. A soft shake of her head that makes the light glisten on her dark hair does nothing to cover the jerky movement of her throat as she swallows. “I don’t cook.” 
“I can tell. You have a lot of frozen deli meals.” I pop the knife down beside the strawberries with a chuckle. “But trust me, you can’t mess this up. Just start with cutting off the tops and slicing them in half.” 
“Okay.” One tentative half step forward and then resolve takes her all the way to the counter where she opens the punnet of strawberries. She picks up one of the juicy red fruits and scowls at it. “All right, but I’m telling you right now if there is a way to mess this up, I will find it.” 
I want to laugh at her because I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone look at a piece of fruit like they wish it would die. But I hold back the chuckle that catches in my throat and the sudden urge to circumvent the counter, take her face between my palms, and wrap my lips around hers. To hell with it, I will anyway. Just not right now. A little later when she’s not wielding a knife. 
“So your knowledge of wine?” She slowly gets into the methodical swing of cutting.
“One of my uncles owned a vineyard. We used to spend summers there when I was younger. We worked hard, learned a lot about the process and the different wines.” 
“Really?” 
“Not what you were expecting, huh?” I dice up some potatoes, drizzle them with olive oil, garlic, thyme. I’m not exactly showing off in the cooking department, though she probably thinks so. 
“What do you do now? Is it something to do with cooking? I know you said you weren’t a chef, but…” She points the tip of her knife at the food in front of me. 
“No one made it to their teenage years in our house without knowing how to cook at least three meals. Even if one of those meals was toast. But, no I’m definitely not a chef, and I don’t make porn. Though for you, I could probably strip down while I cook.” 
“T-that’s not really necessary.” Her fingers are covered in the juice from the strawberries, her skin slightly shiny and pink as her face heats, but it’s her eyes as they rove my chest down to the point where the counter cuts off visibility that tell me she’s imagining me doing just that. “Please don’t.”
Her gaze is almost like a caress, creating that same antsy prickling under my skin as every other time. And I’m fucking hard behind the counter, my dick straining at the fly of my jeans. I’m tempted to discard my shirt and shuck out of my jeans anyway. It’s a completely immature reaction, but then so are all the pranks we’ve played on each other.
“I’m kidding.” I pass her the sugar canister and a bottle of balsamic vinegar. “You’d really have to ask me nicely.” 
“I’m not going to.” She gives me a withering look. One designed to make me feel little better than the chopped fruit. Except her voice has that breathless quality I like so much, and she rubs her lips together to wet them as though she’d like nothing more than for me to kiss that look off her face. 
I shrug it off, like I don’t have a second thought to give her and her lips and her sky- high fucking legs and the way I first met her panties and that soft sliver of skin where her pulse fluttered under my lips. “Your prerogative. Let me know if you change your mind.”
“What’s the vinegar for?” She picks up the bottle and studies the label a little too closely. 
“Slop in about ten spoons of that and five of the sugar.” 
“Sounds appetizing.” With her nose scrunched, she starts spooning the measures I told her. “Maybe I can’t ruin it after all. It doesn’t sound like it would be much to start with.” 
“Don’t worry, the sugar and acid will balance each other out.” Sort of like it is now, between us. I take a moment to slide the pans into the oven. No, we don’t balance each other out. This is just a temporary truce. Hell, I don’t even know her. She sure as shit doesn’t know me, but she’s here, in my house, asking questions and holding back on her judgments. That’s something, isn’t it? 
“I’m a coder.”
“Okay. So you’re a coder. As in computer tech?” 
“Yes, I can fix computers, build them from scratch, but no, I write programs, some apps.”
“Apps? Would I know of any of the ones you’ve created?” 
“Possibly. I’ve done quite well from a couple of them.” Well enough that I could look after my parents financially so they can enjoy their retirement, and afford this house. 
“You’re intelligent then. You have a good career.” She holds up the bowl of strawberries for me to check. “What do I do with these now?” 
Shit. Does being intelligent and having a decent career make me a check in some of those boxes I’m sure she has? Do I want her to be ticking me off? Do I want another woman in my life who thinks she can control me? Hell no. No fucking way. 
“They go back in the fridge.”
I pour another glass of wine, consider knocking it back. I could practically see it in her eyes while she checked boxes on me. Next thing she’ll be asking if I plan to still be coding in five years’ time. Then exactly how much money I make. I grit my teeth and pour a measure for her too. I don’t want her drunk, don’t want to be drunk. Not when the last time is still a little too clear for my liking. 
Coming up beside me, she picks up her glass. I glance at her, waiting for her to ask one of those questions that will encourage her to check off another box. Maybe I should have listened when she said she was one of those women. I mean, I know she is, but she’s different, too. I’m sure of it. Isn’t she?
“Paynt?” She touches my shoulder. It sears me through my shirt. I’ve been waiting since we walked in the front door for her to let her guard down enough to do so, but not if it’s going to come with one of those damn questions that turns a man into an asset or liability. Still, I wait for it. Wait for her to speak, and pray it’s something entirely different from what I’m expecting. 
“Could I borrow a sweatshirt?”

CHAPTER SEVEN

PAYNTER

Did she really just ask that? 
“You want a sweatshirt?” 
“Or one of your flannels, I guess. I, uh, don’t usually stay in these clothes once I get home. I can just nip home and get one.” She frowns at her wine before setting it back on the counter. “It’s not a big deal. I’ll just go home and change.” 
“No, no that’s…” That’s fucking hot. She wants to wander around my house in one of my sweatshirts. I want to see that. Besides, if she goes home, there’s no guarantee she won’t think better of coming back. And I don’t think going after her and carrying her back in a fireman’s hold is going to do either of us any favors. “Jesus, Chloe. That’s sexy as fuck.” 
“I don’t know about that.” She buries a nervous laugh in her drink. 
“You don’t know if making yourself comfortable in my home, in my clothes, is sexy? Or you don’t know if you are?” 
“Does it matter?” She takes another quick swig of her wine while the tops of her ears turn pink. 
I steal her drink from her and tangle my fingers with hers while I put the glass down. “You are sexy as fuck.” 
“As fuck?” Canting her head to the side, she raises an eyebrow. “What does that even mean? You can’t just add ‘as fuck’ to the end of a sentence.” 
I draw her to me, bring her right up against me, our hands locked between us. My free hand goes to her hair so I can pull some of those pins free. “I’ve wanted to do this since you got out of your car.” 
Her hair tumbles out of its neat ’do, and I run my hands through the shiny strands. They feel like silk on my fingers. 
“You’ve wanted to mess up my hair?” She tries to sound indignant but fails. Her tits rise and fall inside her serious little blouse, and there’s a fine shake in her balance, as though I’m making her weak at the knees. Staring up at me with parted lips, she watches me, waiting. 
“No. Not just that.” I take a strand of her hair between my fingers, follow the length of it behind her ear and along her jaw to her cheek. Cupping it, I lean in. Lean in so close I can feel her breath on my face, smell the wine mixed with her scent. A little closer still until her breath hitches and she can no longer look at anything but my lips. Her fingers are tight around mine, squeezing the bones together. “I want to mess up all of you. I want to put wrinkles in your solemn little skirt, make your skin flush. And, yeah, I want to make your hair fluff up from my hands in it.” 
She wets her lips, uses her tongue and her teeth to try to ease the anticipation. But it’s been there all along. 
“Paynt?”
She rises up on her toes as I mash my mouth to hers. Her fingers grip my bicep for a moment as she opens to me, then they move to my chest, bunching up the cotton for leverage. Twisting her head to the side, she pushes her tongue against mine. If I thought about kissing my neighbor when I first met her, I never expected it to be like this, but each time we kiss she turns wanton and eager and I crave it more than I’m willing to admit. 
Letting go of her hand, I grip her hips and pick her up, depositing her on the counter surface. Fingers pull at my hair, scrape at my scalp while she thrusts into my mouth. We war for dominance in a kiss that steals my breath and has her panting as I bite at her bottom lip. My hands splayed on either side of her, I lean over, and she clings to my shoulders, my shirt. One hand holds her up from the surface, the other works on pushing up my T-shirt and touching every damn inch of my abs before tickling over the trail of hair at my waist. 
I break the kiss long enough to shed my flannel outer shirt and yank the cotton one over my head. I’m so turned on by her, my gut aches with need and my erection stands rigid inside my jeans. Her gaze catches there for a moment, her pupils heavy with lust, and she scrapes her teeth over her bee-stung bottom lip. God, I want to take a bite out of her, want to strip her naked and sink my teeth into her skin while she rides my cock. 
She sheds her jacket, her eyes on me the whole time. They’re luminous, a little tempestuous and nervous. Being looked at by her, like this, it stutters my heart and tightens my throat. It’s been so fucking long since I wanted a woman as much as I want her.
I push her knees apart and shift between them, covering her mouth with mine again before I nibble at her jaw and flick my tongue over the sensitive spot near her ear, at the place where her pulse races hard, at the dip between shoulder and throat I expose when I undo the buttons on her blouse and push it down her arms. Slinky satin and lace contrast her creamy skin, the outline of nipples like bullets point the fabric, and I lift her hand and suck her fingers into my mouth, lick them, and bite at her knuckles. They’re sweet from the strawberry juice and sugar. 
Pulling them from my mouth, I brush my lips along her wrist and down her forearm. She closes her eyes, her whole body pulling tight and releasing. 
“Want to run away, Chloe? Or do you want to spend the night with me?” 
“I didn’t run. I walked out because your brother had a point. And you were drunk.” 
“I’m not drunk now.” I wrap an arm around her waist and yank her to me. 
Her knees tighten at my hips, the heat of her thighs cradling me as she crosses her ankles behind me and the heel of one foot digs into my muscle. 
“But he still has a point. What are we doing? Is this wise? Do you think—”
“It’s a simple question, sweetheart.” Every other time I’ve called her that, I’ve been trying to irritate her into dropping her prissy act, but for some reason the word slips out sounding so normal. It rolls around my head as though I meant to call her that and intended it the way it sounded. Like she’s more than just my hot neighbor. 
My hot neighbor whose legs are wrapped around my hips, and whose hands are exploring my body.
“Is it?” She’s not asking me, not really. She’s debating with herself. Her hands are on my chest, flicking at a flat brown nipple in a way that shoots directly to my balls. Palming her ass, I drag her over the bulge in my pants. Her skirt crinkles under my hand while I touch my lips to her ear. 
“Two answers, you make a choice. No, you have dinner and go home.”
She whimpers as I roll my hips against her. “And yes?” 
“Then I’m going to take the rest of these clothes off you and put my mouth to every inch of your skin. I’ll whip those panties down your thighs and fuck you with my fingers until you ask for my cock. Then we’ll do it again until you’re a dirty, sweaty mess. The only pole up your ass you’ll be able to think about is mine.”
“Are you trying to insult me?” 
Cupping her breast in my hand, I enjoy the weight of it pushing into my palm. Insulting her now would be a daft move. Especially when my entire body is straining to hear her say yes. “Stating facts. That’s all.”
“Facts? You think you’re that great? Is this your big seduction routine?” 
“Look, I don’t have some big plan. I’m not that guy.” Except maybe to fuck her in every room and on every surface of my house. Only stopping for necessities. And then there’s her house. It could take weeks. Now that’s a plan I can get on board with. Making this woman in front of me feel good over and over, making her come—definitely a strategy I want to put into action. Something I could see myself putting a lot of time and effort into. 
I flick my thumb across a diamond hard nipple, and she arches with a hiss. “You can’t tell me you haven’t thought about having my face between your thighs. You can’t tell me you haven’t thought about whether I’d be the dirty fuck that makes you scream.”
She swallows hard, her voice barely a whisper. “Yes.” 
“Did you just say yes?” I’m rock hard from one word. Like concrete, and with my pulse racing and heating me up inside. My cock throbs with the need to take her, and I want to grasp her hand and put it on the bulge in my pants to show her what she does to me. 
“Yes.” She clears her throat. “Yes, I’ll stay tonight.” 
“Jesus.” I swoop in to kiss her. Her mouth melds to mine, our tongues dancing in a rhythmic parry while I pick her up and set her feet on the ground. My fingers brush up her exposed thighs, pushing her skirt up to her hips to reveal a thong that matches her bra. Turning her to face the counter, I wrap one arm around her waist and hold her to my chest. My cock pushes at her ass, and I slip a hand in the front of her panties. “You’re a vixen in hiding, aren’t you? Under all your professional garb is a woman who needs to be dirty.” 
She moans when I touch her clit. Immediately. Wet and swollen and needy. “It’s been… this isn’t … I don’t…” Another moan as I swirl my finger through her wetness and over the sensitive spot. “Do this.” 
“But you want it.” 
“You make me. Oh God.” Her knees shake as I slide one finger into her pussy. It clenches around me while I stroke her gently. Nudging her hair to one side, I nip at her neck, and she turns her mouth to me. Her breath is heavy, laced with need. 
“I what?” I’m sliding my finger in and out of her, tracing her clit each time. And she bucks into my hand, silently pushing for more. No, not silently. She might not use words to tell me she wants more of my hand, faster, deeper, harder, but the air between us is filled with the squelch of our movements and tiny whimpers. “I make you want to what?” 
“I don’t know.” Her hand creeps down my forearm to her panties and covers mine, pushing me deeper while she rubs against my palm. 
“Get dirty.” I growl in her ear, my body responding to my brain imagining her saying the words. “That’s what you were thinking, right? I want to hear you say it.” 
Moving a little faster, my fingers work her until it’s only my arm around her waist holding her up. She cries out as she pulses in my hand, and I kiss her again. 
I linger over her mouth, turning her into me so that her hands are resting on my chest and the heat of her skin warms me. “I think we need to go to the basement.” 
“Why?” she asks, as I scoop her up. I know she’s a grown-ass woman, but let’s face it, my legs are longer and I’m in a hurry. Besides, I want her mouth right where it is. On mine.
For now. 
I chuckle. She’s probably going to be shocked, her eyes bugging out of her head, when she realizes the only condom supply in the house is the one she delivered. 
“Believe it or not, I don’t go around fucking every woman I meet like you seemed hell-bent on believing. Condoms are in the basement.”
“Why would you keep them there?” 
I put her down as we enter the area where I keep my gym equipment. There’s a punching bag hanging from chains attached to the ceiling in the far corner. My weight bench and free weights sit more in the middle of the far wall. Crossing to where some of my moving boxes are still stacked, I pick up the one from her prank. 
She peeks over my shoulder at the sex doll’s wide mouth gaping out from under the foil squares. “Oh God, I can’t believe I did that.” 
“It’s funny as hell,” I tell her, and it’s true. It wasn’t at the time, but her sense of humor is a beautiful thing. 
“It was awkward and unwarranted.” She laughs. “But you started it.”
“Admit it. You were thinking about my dick when you did it. Your great idea came to you while you were lying in bed touching yourself to a fantasy of me.” 
“Never.”
“What? You don’t touch yourself?” I pick out one of the condoms and put down the box before turning to her. 
“I don’t fantasize about you.” She steps back. 
“You don’t, huh?” 
“No.” Another step. 
“Not at all?” I follow where she leads. Behind her, a large sectional takes up most of the back wall. 
“Not once.” Her knees hit the edge of it and I catch her. 
“That’s too bad. I would have liked to hear what you thought about me doing to you. Maybe done a little re-enactment.” I turn her around and undo the zipper on her skirt before pushing it down her hips. “I guess you’ll just have to settle for whatever I want to do to you.” 
“What do you want to do to me?” 
I guide her to face me then crouch at her feet to peel that itty bitty thong down her thighs. She’s still wet, her pussy glistening and pink. I thumb her swollen clit. There is so not enough time for what I want to do to her right now. Unless I let dinner burn. To hell with it. Who cares if the house fills with smoke and the alarms start going off? I cup her ass in my hands and slide the tip of my tongue between her thighs. Hot, wet, heaven. My obituary will probably read, “died in a basement surrounded by kitty,” but I don’t give a hot damn.
I lick over every sweet inch of her pussy until she’s gripping my hair, pulling me closer and closer. When I look up at her, she’s watching me from behind heavy lids. Her mouth is open, and low seductive sounds tumble from her throat. With a groan, I bury my tongue in her, gobbling her up until her whimpers become whines. 
“I need…”
Knowing she wants to say she needs my cock, even if she won’t actually spit out the words, makes me groan. Getting to my feet, I kiss her.
 “You need me inside you, don’t you?” 
“Yes.” 
Shedding my pants, I open the condom and roll it over my cock. The entire time she doesn’t take her eyes off me, off my erection. Gripping it, I work my hand up and down the length as I wrap an arm around her waist and pull her close. The seriously shit thing, or perhaps it’s our saving grace right now, is that I’m not going to last long. I’m already so close because she turns me on like nothing else. 
Pulling her onto my lap on the sectional, I brush my lips over hers while she takes me in her hand and sinks onto me. My heart thumps so hard, my breath catching at how tight and hot she is. I’ve thought about this so many times since that night in the bar, and it’s perfect.
“Jesus. You’re sexy.” Gripping her hips, I grind into her. Feel her suck me in, feel her inner walls stretching around me. 
She closes her eyes, her hands to my shoulders, lifting herself along with me. Taking me deep and then easing almost all the way off.
“Oh shit, Paynt.” 
I grasp her tighter. I’m so gone already. Hearing how close she is makes my balls heavy, and I grit my teeth while I slam into her. Her tits bounce in my face. Nipples like pink, shiny buttons point to the sky as she rides me, and I pull one into my mouth, licking at the diamond-like point while I push a hand between us to rub at her clit. Crying out from my touch, she shudders, her insides squeezing me. 
I can’t last. She feels too good, too perfect.
Upstairs a timer starts to ding while hot pleasure shoots up my cock and I empty myself into her tight pussy. 
For a few minutes we rest against each other. I can feel her pulse racing under the sweat damp skin when I squeeze the back of her neck. 
“Is that dinging the oven?” She pushes herself up and wriggles off me. 
My dick plops on my thigh with a wet splat. I’m already semi-hard and wanting her again. “Certainly is.” I peel off the condom and tie the top before wandering into the laundry on the other side of the basement to discard it in a bin. She’s back in her panties when I return with one of my sweatshirts to wear. 
“Hungry?”
“Yes.” She pulls the soft fleece over her head and wraps her arms around herself, giving me a smile. And I’m absolutely certain I’ve never seen anything so damn sexy in my life.

***
“Do you think it’s the moon?” Chloe touches her hair, scooping it back from her face.
She’s been doing that the entire time we’ve been out on the deck eating dinner. Smoothing it back every time it falls forward, but I like the way it’s untameable right now. 
“I’m not sure what you mean.” 
“Because it’s full.” She pushes her empty plate away. “Don’t they say people act crazy when there’s a full moon?” 
“Trying to convince yourself that the moon made you have sex with me?” I gather up our dishes and stand up. 
“When you put it that way it just sounds ridiculous.” She follows me inside where I dump the dirty plates beside the sink and grab the strawberries from the fridge. “I’m fully responsible for my own actions, but I can’t say I expected to end up wearing your sweatshirt tonight when I woke up this morning.”  
“Maybe just enjoy it.” I scoop some of the fruit into bowls and add a dollop of cream before heading back outside. “Now come try some of this dessert you made.”   
She crinkles her nose as she curls up in a seat beside me. “I don’t think so. That concoction can’t possibly taste any better than it sounded when you told me to put vinegar in it.” 
“I promise you’ll like it a lot more than you think.” I scoop up one of the strawberries with my fingers and hold it up to her mouth. “Be adventurous.” 
For a moment she contemplates the fruit in my hand. Then she gives in, her lips closing around my fingers as she takes the morsel and sucks the juice from my skin. “Oh wow, that’s … mmm.” 
Eyes closed, head tilted back, she moans as she chews. I lean back, threading my hands behind my head and enjoying the view. Stars stud the sky above us, glittering bright. The night sky is a good part of what I like about living here, but I can’t tear my gaze away from the woman in front of me. 
“That tastes amazing,” she says, opening her eyes. This time she doesn’t balk when I offer her a bowl. “It’s like an orgasm for your tastebuds. Who would have thought? What are they called?” 
“Strawberries with balsamic vinegar.” The noises she’s making while she eats make me shift about uncomfortably. 
“They should be called mouthgasms. No. Strawgasms.” She screws up her brow and pops another piece of fruit in her mouth. 
 “I’ve got a mouthgasm right here if you want it.”  
Her laugh is surprisingly uninhibited. “You have a dirty mind for someone in computer programming. Isn’t that supposed to go against every nerdy fiber in your body?” 
Leaning across the space between us, I take her face between my hands. “You would be amazed at how much tech heads know about the workings of the real world from hands-on experience. I’m just confident enough to admit what I want.” 
Getting out of the chair, she drops to her knees in front of me, my sweatshirt barely covering her thighs. Her hands squeeze my knees and then scrape up my thighs to undo my pants and take hold of my cock.  
In the quiet darkness, with flame shadows dancing over her face and making her eyes shine, she strokes the length of my erection and guides it to her mouth. Jesus, it’s a beautiful sight. Her lips part and the tip of her tongue flicks across the head and she makes a sound not unlike the noise she made over the strawberries. 
Then she wraps her lips around my shaft and starts to suck and lick and hum. 
Afterward, I lift her to her feet and kiss her while I try to remember how to walk. I’m so wrung out it takes me a few minutes. Then I scoop up our bowls and wineglasses, depositing them in the kitchen as I lead her through the house. We have all night, hours of darkness, and she has my undivided attention. 
We sleep a little when the sun rises, in a tangle of limbs and sex. The scent of her shampoo tickling my nose and the smell of sex heavy in the air. At some point I wake to the sound of a car, a knock on the door. 
Chloe’s still asleep beside me, and I try not to wake her as I slip out of bed and make my way down the stairs. Opening the door, I eye my brother warily. Normally, his stopping by wouldn’t bother me, but then normally I don’t have a woman in my bed. A woman who would take one look at James in his suit, his power tie perfectly knotted around his neck, his Rolex on his wrist, and tick every single one of her boxes. “You, of all people, should know how to use a phone.” 
“Apparently, you woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Or was it the desk?” James enters the foyer. “Since I missed your birthday, I figured I’d stop by, see if you want to grab breakfast or something.”
And give up this fun little sex bubble Chloe and I have going on? I was kind of hoping to devote the rest of the morning to it, actually, and no version of bacon and eggs could convince me breakfast with my brother is a better deal.

CHAPTER EIGHT

CHLOE

There’s something to be said for a night of debauchery with one’s sexy, bad neighbor. Even if it was only one night. Because that’s all it was meant to be.
Even if I did spend the night in Paynt’s bed, with him wrapped around me like the softest, warmest fleece. As I dozed, right around dawn, he’d curled his arm around my waist, tucked me into his body, and swung a leg over both of mine. It had felt so right, so comfortable, I hadn’t even considered getting up and going home, which is what I should have done.
Nope, I spent the night. All night. And woke up in his arms. Wait, no, I didn’t, because he isn’t in the bed with me. His side of the bed is cool to the touch when I reach for him.
Stretching like a cat, I yawn so widely my jaw pops. Sleeping with Paynter was pure joy. Besides the vigorous nocturnal activities, the actual snoozing part was pretty nice, too. Early this morning, he kissed my shoulder and dropped his head to the pillow and almost immediately begun snoring. Not too loudly, though. It was more of a gentle breeze, with only a slight sound. Not loud enough to keep me from falling asleep.
Marcus snored like he was using a gas-powered chainsaw in an echoing cavern. I disliked spending the night with him because of it. If I didn’t fall asleep first, I wouldn’t at all, unless I got up and headed into the living room to curl up on the couch. And what’s the point of spending the night with your boyfriend if you’re not going to actually sleep with him?
Boyfriend. Paynt. Nope. One night, remember? 
Sure, I can sleep through his snoring—in fact, I had no issues whatsoever with anything he did or did not do last night. And he strikes me as the sort of person who doesn’t hide a damn thing—what you see is what you get with him. So if I didn’t have issues sleeping with him last night, I probably won’t at any point in the future.
Still—he’s not my boyfriend. Last night was great sex—okay, phenomenal sex—comfortable conversation, amazing food, and probably the most domestic I’ve ever been in my life. But it was not the start of a relationship.
I can’t. There is too much at stake. I have something to prove, namely that I can reach the top of that corporate ladder without anyone’s help—especially a guy’s help. Extra especially one I’m sleeping with.
Swinging my legs over the side of the bed, I wince at the slight tremor of pain shooting down my inner thighs that tells me last night was every bit as spectacular as I recall.
I know I just convinced myself this was a one-night stand, but what if we keep this purely physical … would he want to get physical again tonight? Or maybe all day today. I have nothing pressing to do this weekend. I planned to rake leaves, clean the house, maybe take a trip to Target to stock up on laundry detergent and other household supplies. 
I’d much rather celebrate Naked Saturday with Paynt. 
After rummaging around in his bathroom and coming up with a plastic-wrapped toothbrush—who doesn’t have at least one unused toothbrush from their last dental appointment?—I give Naked Saturday serious consideration as I stand in the middle of his bedroom and try to recall where my clothing might be. The basement. That’s where this whole shift in our relationship—no, not relationship—our friendship started. Well, it started the moment he paid that stripper to embarrass me, I suppose, but wanting to have sex with him and actually doing it are two very different situations.
Neighbors with benefits? Maybe he’ll buy that. We could go our separate ways during the day and come together for explosive sex each night. No strings, no expectations, just straight up pleasure under the cover of darkness. No one would need to know.
Grabbing the sweatshirt lying on the floor, I pull it over my head and smile a little. James and his recent lectures about my stress levels. I wonder if he’ll realize I got laid this weekend, when I see him Monday morning. Probably. He’s damned perceptive. Maybe now he’ll stop warning me of an imminent heart attack. Just last week he’d threatened to withhold my promotion to partner if I didn’t figure out a way to enjoy myself outside the office.
 “Work gives me satisfaction,” I’d replied. “It makes me happy.”
“No, it doesn’t. You have some fucked up idea in your head that you have to prove yourself to someone, but there’s no one watching but yourself. And why do you need to prove anything to yourself?”
“Because I do,” I’d said and abruptly ended the conversation. He didn’t understand. Hell, recently, I’ve wondered if I even understand my own motives. But I can’t change my plan three quarters of the way through. That’s what happened last time, when Marcus stole my promotion. If I don’t succeed now, I probably never will.
Enough introspection. It’s time to find coffee. God, I hope he’s a coffee drinker or at least keeps a dusty old Coffee Mate for overnight guests.
I should probably seek out my sexy neighbor, too. I rarely partook in morning sex when I was with Marcus because I was too damn worried about what I looked like, but Paynt claims I’m hot with no makeup and my hair a disaster, so maybe it’s time to see if he speaks the truth. Last night, when he’d had me seated on his kitchen counter and his hands were all over me and his tongue was firmly planted in my mouth, I’d wanted him right then, right there on that cool, smooth marble.
I snag a couple condoms from where we’d deposited them on the bedside table last night—I want to finish that scene. Now. Or at least this morning. Maybe after the first cup of coffee, but still, I want to be seated next to the sink, him standing between my thighs … or maybe bent over, his face getting up close and personal with my pussy. That man can do things with his tongue that could shame the devil. Or make him jealous.
I’m practically skipping when I leave the bedroom and head down the hall, giddy with anticipation of the pleasure I’m about to experience—again. I could seriously become addicted to my hot new neighbor.
I am about to walk across the balcony overlooking that hideous chandelier and the foyer when I realize Paynter and I are not alone in the house. 
“Since I missed your birthday, I figured I’d stop by, see if you wanted to grab breakfast or something.”
I pause before the wall opens up and shows me the men standing at the bottom of the stairs. That voice sounds familiar. 
“Again, you couldn’t call?”
Wow, Paynt sounds annoyed. Because this guy interrupted our little bubble of sexual bliss? Maybe he was hoping for a Naked Saturday too.
“What’s up your ass? Did you party last night, too, and now you’re hung over? Actually, you look like you haven’t slept.”
That voice sounds really familiar…
“Thanks a lot, even though you’re right. I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night. So I think I’ll pass on breakfast.”
“Well, at least give me the grand tour first. I haven’t got to see the digs yet—holy hell, what is that monstrosity hanging from the ceiling?”
I know why that voice sounds so familiar. Because it’s just like my boss, James. It’s a little creepy, actually. He has a pretty distinct tone, so it’s crazy to hear someone else with the same inflections. 
“It’s called a chandelier, numb nuts.”
“It’s horrendous. Why haven’t you replaced it?”
“Actually, that is the replacement. The original was a bunch of antlers and shit.”
“And this is an improvement? This doesn’t fit your style at all. The antlers would have been better.”
I have to agree with him.
“It’s hers, isn’t it? She picked it out.”
Wait. She who? Not me. I’d never in a million years select something so gaudy and so incredibly phallic. 
“Just shut up and go away, James.”
James? James? It’s a common name, but what are the odds? My boss—the guy standing downstairs, talking to Paynter—is it really a coincidence?
As carefully and quietly as I can, I slide to the edge of the wall and lean out, peeking over the railing at the two men standing in the foyer, one wearing nothing but plaid pajama bottoms and the other in an impeccably tailored three-piece suit. I whip back around and make a startled eep sound before slapping my hand over my mouth.
Why the hell is my boss visiting Paynter on a Saturday morning—or at all for that matter? How do they know each other? Okay, it’s feasible they know each other through the business world—but well enough to come calling on Saturday morning?
Running my hand through my dishevelled hair, I tug at the strands until my scalp prickles. It’s a habit I developed after Marcus stole my promotion. In one ten-minute meeting, he’d managed to alter the course of my life. I’d felt as though I had to start over—everything. My career, my plans for purchasing a home, my love life. 
Now, in retrospect, I can admit that I deliberately purchased the home next door to this one when there were half a dozen other perfectly acceptable houses in this same neighborhood that would not have forced me to look at what I lost every single day.
But that reminder kept me going, like that morning I’d backed my car out of the driveway and prepared to meet James for the first time, to convince him he should hire me because I would be a damned important asset to his company. I’d pressed the brake and stared at the still-empty house, the one I could no longer afford, and vowed to never let another man interfere with my career again.
My first instinct is to run, but I know Paynter will come after me when he realizes I’m gone. Besides, I’m damned curious as to how they know each other, and why the hell my boss is calling on a Saturday morning. Paynter doesn’t know where I work—does he?
Shit. This isn’t a re-enactment of my relationship with Marcus—it can’t be. Paynter has no reason to sabotage my career. He’s a computer programmer or coder or whatever, for crying out loud. I broker corporate real estate deals. While computers are involved in every damn career on the face of the earth, I cannot see how stealing my promotion will make any difference to his own career. At least with Marcus it made sense; he and I did the same thing, had the same aspirations. It’s just that he’d lied and told me he didn’t feel he was ready for the promotion, when it turned out he needed me to smooth the way to him getting in front of the president and pleading his case. Sneaky bastard.
Paynter isn’t sneaky. At least, I don’t think he is. But I don’t really know him, do I? I hadn’t realized Marcus was, either, until he was shaking hands with the boss while I stood out in the hall, watching the entire thing from the sidelines and unable to interfere, to convince them they were wrong in their decision to choose him over me.
I can’t let that happen again. I can’t let a man get in the way of my goals.
For all I know, Paynt is ruining my shot at partner. I should make my presence known, stop him from destroying my life, but I can’t seem to move from where I’m glued to the wall, my heart pounding a million miles a minute, my breathing ragged, my head swirling with all the pent up frustration after watching my career handed over to my now ex-boyfriend.
And then there’s the sound of the door opening and closing and footsteps beating a path up the stairs. When Paynter sees me standing there, he pauses, his hand on the wooden railing.
“Hey. I was just coming back to join you. Sort of hoping you weren’t quite ready to get out of bed yet.”
I shake my head. I can’t speak.
“Something wrong? You look like you saw a ghost. Was it a spider? This house was empty for a while, so they’re all over the damn place. Do you need me to kill a creepy crawly for you?”
He’s trying to be funny and charming, and actually, he is. But I can’t do this. I didn’t see a ghost or a spider, just my boss, standing in his foyer. Which, really, is so much worse than either of the other two options, no matter how scared I am of arachnids. 
I still don’t know why James was here or how they know each other, and suddenly, that’s far less important than it was a few minutes ago. With an agonized sound that I’m pretending wasn’t a sob, I flee, running from him, from myself, from everything I’ve been afraid of since Marcus screwed me over. 
I won’t change who I am, who I want to be. I already did that once. I don’t have the energy to do it again. I shouldn’t have to. It’s my life, I should get to live it however I damn well please, so long as I’m following the rules set forth by my country and my homeowners’ association.
My heart and my body don’t get a say. They don’t get to tell me I can have it all—the guy and the career—because it’s not true. Marcus taught me that.
“Never trust the guy you’re sleeping with, babe,” he told me when I confronted him. “We’re all in it for ourselves. Most guys just want the orgasm, but me, I have bigger aspirations. I have a plan.”
Paynter shouts my name as I rush down the stairs, under that horrible chandelier, and out the front door. I don’t even bother grabbing my shoes before I run across the dew-soaked lawn, escaping to my own house. I lock the front door behind me and then hurry through to the back door to make sure it’s locked, too. I don’t know if Paynter is the type to stroll into someone’s house without knocking, but I don’t want to take the chance.
Fists are beating on the front door. I try to ignore it. I should go upstairs and shower. The sound of the running water will drown out the incessant noise.
“Open the door, Chloe.” Paynter’s voice bleeds through the thick wood as if he’s standing on this side of it. “I’m going to cause a racket, going to make the homeowners’ association come over and start asking questions.”
The man really doesn’t play fair.
Fuming, I stride through the house and jerk open the door. He’s standing on the doorstep in his pajama bottoms, no shirt, and bare feet. The woman from down the street who looks like she stepped off the set of Housewives of New Jersey prances down the sidewalk with her prissy Pomeranian. She waves and then narrows her gaze, staring at Paynter. I grab him and pull him inside and slam the door on her nosiness. 
“You couldn’t get dressed before coming over here?” His outfit—or lack thereof—is distracting. His messy hair, the concern in his eyes, those kissable lips—everything about him is distracting. “Go away. Through the back door, if you don’t mind.”
“I mind.” He advances on me, the concern turning stormy. I back up and feel a sense of déjà vu, except this time we are not going to end up bouncing around naked on the couch. No matter how badly I want to.
Because I want my career, my future, more.
“What the hell is your problem? Why’d you run away like my house is on fire?”
“How do you know James?” I counter.
His brow furrows. “James? My brother?”
His brother? That cannot be. I can’t even… “Get out. Go away.”
“What the fuck is your problem? I know the sex didn’t suck. You looked too goddamn happy for that to be the case.”
“God, you’re so crude. Look, thanks for last night. Dinner and … everything else. But it was a mistake.”
“A mistake? You mean I accidentally stuck my dick into your pussy and gave you—how many orgasms was it again?”
Five. No, six. Oh Lord, why am I walking away from this? “My mistake. I shouldn’t have engaged when we were at that bar. I shouldn’t have involved you in corporate Taco Tuesday. I shouldn’t have talked to you when I found out you were my neighbor. And no, I shouldn’t have kissed you. Or responded when you kissed me. I’m not even sure who started it, and it doesn’t matter. All that matters is I have a life plan and you are not part of it.”
It’s like I flipped a switch or something in his brain. His face droops, his shoulders slump, even his hair seems less inclined to stick up every which way. I don’t know what I’ve done, but he is suddenly an entirely different person, and I have an almost impossible urge to reach out to him, to hug him, to comfort him. 
“Fucking life plans,” he mutters, and then he shakes his head. “Fine. That’s what you want, I’m out. I’ll leave you the fuck alone, and you stay the hell away from me. I never asked for any of this shit anyway.”
He turns away and heads for the front door, and I swear I hear him say, “I can’t fucking win.” And then he’s gone. Exactly what I want.
So why do I feel so damn empty? 

CHAPTER NINE

PAYNTER

Life plans are like assholes. Everyone has one. Garrett has a plan to raise his daughter and play the field at the same time. James has a plan to keep his company synonymous with corporate real estate and retire early. Ronnie has a plan. God knows what it is other than having her interiors on the glossy pages of magazines like Martha Stewart Living and Elle Décor. She always had those littered around our parents’ living room. The point is, everyone has a plan, including me, but there’s a huge difference between having goals and dreams to accomplish and micromanaging every single aspect of your life to some ridiculous expectation. 
There’s no air around people like that. I don’t know why I figured Chloe was different. I was so wrong, it’s laughable. But I’m not laughing. 
Instead I’m playing golf with James and trying not to consider his role in Chloe’s grand scheme and why his appearance at my house the morning after she’d spent the night in my arms sent her into a tailspin. 
“Your swing’s off,” James says as my ball flies into the rough for the twelfth time this morning. “You haven’t played this badly since—”
“Don’t say it. I don’t want to hear it,” I snap, picking up my tee. The last thing I want to talk about is women, with their calculated plans that involve getting away from me so they can run into the arms of people like him. 
I’m proud of my elder brother for being driven and successful. And it’s understandable that he looks the part, but what the hell is with Chloe freaking out when she heard him in my house? Obviously they know each other, and recalling our first meeting she did say she works in corporate real estate. It would be understandable for them to mingle in the same circles, wouldn’t it? I’m almost certain James would know every player in his field on some level, but Chloe’s reaction came across as much more than friendly, or not so friendly, competition between rival companies. It almost seemed personal. Did they date at some point? Does she want to date him? Is that why she lost it— because she spent the night with the wrong brother when she planned to get her mitts on James?
When he swings, the ball soars through the air with almost uncanny accuracy, landing on the green. “Look, I know you get tired of our bringing her up, but we worry about you. That house isn’t your style at all. The chandelier.” He shakes his head, since there’s really nothing to say about how damn awful it is. “It’s like you’re living with a ghost.” 
“Well, I’m not.” I grimace. I can see where he’s coming from, looking in. Bernadette’s stamp is still on my life, but it’s only a house. “It’s a great house, in a great location where I happen to like living. I’m socializing again, but you know my work is mostly solo.”
“Garrett did say you met someone,” he says, as we hop into the cart and drive along the fairway toward where we last saw my ball. 
“What did he say?” After everything Garrett said that night, I’d still believed he was wrong, but apparently, I have a type. The more stuck-up and emotionally unavailable, the better. But the first step in dealing with a problem is recognizing you have a problem. Whatever there was between Chloe and I is over. It’s not worth analyzing. 
“He said you were hitting it off with one of your neighbors.” 
He leans on his golf club while I poke around in the rough, locating my ball. Chloe and I had certainly been hitting it off, if that’s what James wants to call it. Then he waltzed into my house, and she went ice cold on me. I check my swing before I thwack the ball back onto the fairway. It bounces a couple times and rolls to a stop close to the green. “He should probably learn to keep his mouth shut.” 
“That’s not Garrett’s style. You know that.” He checks his Rolex. “This’ll have to be the last hole. I have a business luncheon at the club.” 
“You’re always working.” I shoulder my golf bag and lead the way to where our balls wait. “When was the last time you actually went out and had fun for the hell of it?”
“You’re one to talk. Up all night at that computer of yours. I bet you still sleep at your desk more often than not.” 
“The difference between us is that work isn’t the be all and end all for me. I’m not trying to accomplish anything.” I’m not working my ass off because it’s part of some grand scheme to have the perfect life. As far as I’m concerned, the one I’ve got is as damn close to ideal as I need to get. Unlike James, who is always shooting for something better. Unlike Chloe. 
“I suspect you might know my neighbor. Or at least I think she knows you.” 
“I know your neighbor? Is this the one Garrett’s been talking about?” He shifts his iron from hand to hand with a puckered brow while he waits for me to take my next shot. 
“I assume so.” I adjust my stance and bring my club up as I focus on where I want the ball to land. My grip on the stick is almost as tight as the joints in my jaw just remembering how Chloe called being with me a mistake, and how she’d ousted me because she has all these big plans. “She ran out of my house after you left like her ass was on fire.” 
“Because of me?” He massages his temples, blocking out the sun with his hand. “Who is she?” 
I swing and connect with my golf ball, sending it flying. This time it lands on the green feet from his. “Name’s Chloe. I’m not actually sure of her last name. She definitely works in your field.”
“Chloe? Dark hair, blue eyes? A little reminiscent of Liz Taylor?” 
“Yup, that would be the one.” I nod. 
He chortles and his shoulders shudder. “You’re joking, aren’t you?” 
“Do I look like I am?” I glare at him, picking up my bag and marching toward the green. I’m grateful we’re almost done here if his reaction is anything to go by. There’s clearly a relationship of some sort between the pair. 
“You’re hitting it off with Chloe Green?”
“I was.” I give a half-shrug. “Until she saw you.” 
“Wait.” His brows draw together in a line over his eyes. “Do I detect jealousy in my little brother? Is that why your game is off today? Because you think Chloe and I—” 
“I think she saw you and decided she wanted to have nothing to do with me.” I’m not going to waste my time trying to convince her that I’m worth her time when she’s obviously more interested in landing a guy who’ll further her career and whatever the hell else she thinks is so important. 
“That’s probably because I’m her boss. She’s a partner in training, and she works directly under me.” 
“Please don’t say under like you’re on top of her.” 
My normally unruffled brother hoots. “You’re taken with her.”
“Nope.” There’s nothing to be taken with. She was transparent about how she felt about being with me. I don’t know why I wasted my time with her. I glance at James’s ball lying a mere yard from the hole. “I believe you’re up.” 
Sliding his iron back in his bag, he pulls out his putter. “I’m not surprised she freaked out at the idea of dating her boss’s brother. Work is her life. But I like the idea of you two together. It actually makes sense and might help her loosen up a little. Just don’t be an ass to her.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“Look, I like Chloe. She’s fantastic at her job. Dedicated. Probably the hardest worker I know. But she puts herself under a lot of stress.” The little white ball travels over the green before tipping into the hole. “I’ve been trying to get her to go out and socialize, to do something that isn’t wrapped up in work, but she’s got a bee in her bonnet.” He puts away his putter. “She came into the job with some serious hang-ups.” 
He lifts his palm as I open my mouth to ask what he thinks her problem is. “I don’t know what, I don’t want to know. Unless she wants to tell me, it’s none of my business. All I’m saying is, she has something to prove to someone, maybe only to herself, but it isn’t going to be easy for her to let it go.” 
“What makes you think she wants to let it go?” I knock my ball across the green and watch it circle the hole. Either my brother is wiser than the rest of us give him credit for or this should be fair warning to stay the hell away from my sexy neighbor. The last thing I want to be is some woman’s chess piece on her way to proving herself. But given how she ran when Garrett was ranting about Bernadette, and the way she took off after James came to my house with a wild, fearful, glazed look in her eyes, I’m not as certain it’s directed at me. 
***
I’m raking leaves in my front yard. Dragging them into a pile and then gathering up heaping armfuls and tossing them into the bin. Most of my neighbors pay gardeners to come in and do yardwork for them, but I enjoy the chill in the air and the damp sweat that sticks my clothes to my skin with a bit of hard work. The fresh outdoor scent is invigorating, even if it doesn’t clear my mind the way I hoped it would. 
Neither had Mom’s key lime pie and freshly brewed coffee when I stopped in to check on them on my way back from golf with James. What he said about Chloe has my brain wrapped up in knots. I glance at her house every now and then as I tackle the huge pile of fall leaves. Red, brown, and orange crackle and crunch in my gloved hands. I should probably consider whether I want to decorate for Halloween soon. Instead of considering whether I should go talk to Chloe. What’s there to say, anyway? It’s not like she wasn’t clear about the fact I’d only get in the way of what she wants. 
Propping myself up with the rake, I wipe the back of my wrist over my forehead to dash away perspiration. The air might be chilly, but it’s a beautiful day and the sun still has kick to it. I shed my shirt and tuck it into the back pocket of my jeans. 
A dog yaps somewhere close by, and I turn to see that same orange fluffball and its owner from the morning I made a mad dash to Chloe’s in my pajama pants. Both of them gawk at me before sticking up their noses and continuing down the path. I hold in a laugh; both human and dog manage to have the same expression. The women in this neighborhood could host a competition to see who has the biggest pole shoved up their ass, and I’m pretty sure that prissy dog would come a close second. 
“I can’t believe you would do this.” Chloe barges into my yard. “You have some nerve. I thought I made myself clear.”
If the woman walking her dog had issues with my half-naked state, I bet the look she gave Chloe was a lot worse. Dressed in one of those suits she favors and a pair of heels that sink into the ground with each step she takes toward me, Chloe shoots me a glare that would kill if facial expressions had that power. In her hand she holds the end of a length of rope. At the other end is a kid. By that I mean she’s walking a baby goat. On a leash. As if that’s a completely normal thing to do. 
“Nice, uh, pet?” I smirk. 
“Don’t you dare.” She hauls on the rope and the goat bleats and trots behind her. “Don’t smirk. This isn’t funny.” She throws one arm back, gesturing at the road. “Helena Warburton, whose ex-husband is a managing director at Goldman Sachs, just saw me walking a goat. Can you imagine what she’s going to tell the other neighbors?” 
“I can’t say I particularly care what that woman thinks or has to say. She should mind her own business.” 
“Well, I care, and I can’t believe you would go this far.” She comes to an abrupt halt in front of me, and the goat starts munching on a leaf. 
“Wait.” Is she blaming me for that woman catching her walking her goat? “You think I had something do with this?” 
“Of course you did. Why are you pretending you didn’t?” She scowls. “This is obviously one of your pranks. You set this creature loose in my yard to get back at me because I told you I don’t want to see you.” 
“Hold up.” I drop to a crouch and pet the goat’s head. It nuzzles my hand before going back to grazing. I almost wish it were one of my pranks. “However this little guy got into your yard had nothing to do with me.”
“It didn’t?” She stares down at me, slack-jawed. “You didn’t put it in my yard?” 
“No, I didn’t.” Standing up, I push my thumbs through my belt loops. “Do you think I’m so desperate to have you yell at me again that I’d pull a stunt like this? Believe me, if I wanted an earful, I would have knocked on your door, sweetheart.” 
Which was what I’d been close to doing before our four-legged friend intervened.
“I-I thought you wanted…” She shakes her head, clearing whatever she was considering. “Never mind. What am I supposed to do with a goat?” 
“Looks to me like you have it sorted.” I chuckle at the idea of her keeping it as a pet, walking it around the neighborhood and feeding it out of a dog bowl.
“I can’t keep it.” Her voice rises several octaves. “And this isn’t funny.” 
“Come on, it’s funny.” I wiggle my eyebrows at her. “Admit it.” 
“No. It’s not. Dogs are bad enough. Dirty and smelly, and always needing to be looked after. A goat has to be worse.” 
“So now you have something against dogs. I guess if it doesn’t wear a suit, it doesn’t fit your lifestyle. You’re probably allergic to human kids, too.” 
“I’m not. I happen to like kids. As long as they aren’t mine. I don’t have time to look after anyone or anything else.” 
“Too busy shooting for the top of the corporate ladder?” 
She huffs out a breath, and her shoulders fall. “Can we just concentrate on the goat? I can’t keep it. What am I supposed to do with it?” 
“Give it to me.” I thrust out my hand and take the rope from her then scoop up the kid. “Well, Dog, it looks like you’re going to be living with me. At least until I can work out where you came from. Although it might be time I got myself a pet. Might have to see what we can do about keeping you around.” 
“Dog?” Chloe follows me as I cross the yard to enter the house. “You’re going to keep it as a pet and call it Dog? It needs a real name.”
“Dog’s a great name for a goat.” I traipse through the house into the kitchen and set the goat on the floor. Its hooves tap on the tiles as it wanders around sniffing. I’m going to need a bucket out on the deck for water, and build a pen or some kind of shelter. 
“Dog’s a ridiculous name.” 
I glance at her standing in the middle of my kitchen. I’m not sure if it’s the fact she keeps arguing with me about the goat when it’s now none of her damn business or it’s purely because she followed me into my house without an invitation that ticks me off. 
“So it’s all right for you to wander into my house whenever you feel like it, like we’re friends, but I come to you and I get told to stay the hell out of your life?” 
She freezes. 
Okay, that was probably a bit harsh. I close my eyes and breathe through my nose. Somehow she pushes my buttons, and I’m not talking about the ones that make me irritated and tense. It’s the fact that even after we both declared we desire to have nothing to do with the other, I can’t stop myself from wanting to wrap my arms around her and kiss her. Or just have that girl in my sweatshirt, curled up at my side while we converse about nothing and everything. She frustrates the fuck out of me with her hoity-toity attitude one minute and her one-eighty relaxed sensuality the next. 
“Forget I said that. I didn’t mean to snap at you.” 
She smooths her hands down her jacket then tucks a lock of hair behind her ear. Her cheeks mottle. “No, you’re probably right. It’s your house. Your goat.” She snorts nervously and covers her mouth. “I should go.” 
“No, wait.” I move in front of her, take one of her hands between mine. She doesn’t yank it away, which must be a good sign. Maybe James is right. She’s hung up on something, but she’s still here, standing in my kitchen. Do I want to let her keep running? “So what do you think we should call the damn goat?” 
“I don’t know. It just shouldn’t be Dog or Goat. Maybe Spot. It has one on its back.” 
The goat butts the back of my knee and bleats. I reach down to pet it. “Think she likes it?” 
“I don’t know. How am I supposed to know what a goat likes?” 
I don’t bother pointing out that goats are meant to be stubborn beasts, and certain parallels could be drawn. Instead I address the newly named Spot. “What do you think, little buddy? Are you going to come to Spot?” 
It head butts my shin this time before rubbing its forelock against my leg. I scoop her up and carry her outside, down off the deck into my backyard where I tie the rope to a support beam. I don’t want her getting too close to the lake, so the rope will have to do until I get a chance to build her a run. 
Chloe follows us outside, standing on the deck and overseeing the whole thing. “I shouldn’t be surprised that you’d take her in like she’s a pup, should I? You’re definitely not who I thought you’d be when I first met you.”
I jog up the stairs to join her. Now that she’s not peeved about Spot, her posture is more comfortable and her gaze roves my torso. I forgot about the shirt hanging out of my pocket, but I’m pleased it means she ogles me. Still, I give her space. Not too much, though. I get close without actually brushing up against her as I head back inside. “Do you drink beer, Chloe? We should toast to my new pet.” 
“Just one,” she says. “Then I should leave you alone.” 
I fish two bottles from my fridge and knock the tops off before handing her one. We stand facing each other on the deck as we each take a swig. A little of the amber liquid escapes her parted lips and drips down her chin. Before she can swipe it with the back of her hand, I catch it up with my thumb and suck on it. She might have a plan she doesn’t think I should be part of, but her quick intake of breath and the way her tits rise tells me part of her wishes it weren’t so. 
“But you don’t want to let me alone, do you? That’s why you were so upset about Spot. You wanted me to come get you, to change your mind about letting me in. How long did you wait before you brought her over?” 
“I didn’t,” she says, straightening her spine. 
I’ve had just about as much of this as I can take. Dropping my hand to her waist, I slide it to the small of her back and bring her against me. “How long did you wait?” 
Her body melts into mine, her voice feathery soft. “Too long.” 

CHAPTER TEN

CHLOE

I swear, when I found that damn goat munching on my chrysanthemums, I knew its presence was Paynt’s doing. And after my initial irritation over having an animal in my yard, my heart thawed, just a bit.
He’d planted the goat on purpose, a prank to goad me into interacting with him again. Despite the way we’d left things the last time we spoke, he still wanted to see me, to talk to me, maybe to do ... other things.
Like kissing. And maybe not just on the mouth. Maybe on more intimate areas.
After I’d wrangled a rope around the surprisingly docile animal’s neck, I’d stood next to my house, hidden in the shadows created by the sun, and watched Paynter methodically rake leaves. He’s probably the only person in this neighborhood who actually does that task himself, and I can’t help feeling a bit envious. Who the hell gets jealous over someone raking leaves?
It’s just he looks so ... comfortable. And hot. Literally, apparently, because after a while he takes off his shirt and provides me with a glorious view of those pecs and abs I’d licked and nibbled only a few nights ago. God, it feels like a lifetime. I swear, the man has turned me into an addict. He must have, because it’s only a few minutes after he’s stripped half naked before I’m charging across the lawn, ruining my Jimmy Choos and dragging the poor goat behind me, working myself into a lather so I can lash out at him instead of grab him and shove my tongue down his throat.
And somehow he’s taken ownership of the goat, even though he swears it isn’t his prank, and I can’t help but think how sweet it is that he’s willing to take in a stray, no questions asked. Not even a dog or cat, but a goat, for crying out loud. A barnyard animal. I’m pretty sure it’s against the homeowners’ association code for the thing to even be in our yards, and he’s undoubtedly going to get a nasty letter, since Jersey Housewife—who I swear is stalking him, since she always seems to be around when he’s not wearing a shirt—saw him carry the animal into his house.
Now we’ve named this animal together and he’s actually making plans to keep it. This can’t be good, not for his standing in the neighborhood nor for my heart, which keeps sighing and melting and swooning in my chest.
My head, on the other hand, is staunchly against this entire scene and keeps reminding me of that life plan I’ve been working on for so long I’m not sure I know any differently. Since I graduated top of my class from grad school, my focus has been on the next prize, reaching the pinnacle of my chosen profession. Even when I started dating Marcus, love and forever and all the crap that came along with relationships was always secondary. 
And now Paynter’s in my life, he and that damn goat, and I can barely refrain from throwing myself at him.
Scratch barely, because when he places his hand on the small of my back and exerts the tiniest bit of pressure, I’m a goner. I shift forward and practically fall against him, so eager am I to touch his body, to relive the way he’d fit so damn perfectly against my own. 
“You shouldn’t have waited so long to bring me something to pet,” he says with his lips next to my ear, and somehow it sounds so tantalizingly naughty. He nips at my earlobe and my entire body clenches like I’m about to have an orgasm.
“Friends,” I whisper, turning toward him, desperate to taste him.
“Let’s be more than friends.” He shoves his glasses onto his head and brushes his lips over mine, gently, coaxing, while his hand slides up my back to cup my neck.
“Benefits. Neighbors with benefits.”
He chuckles before crashing his mouth against mine, as if he, too, can’t wait a moment longer. I make a noise, something animalistic and not at all me, but then again, I’m not the person I’ve created in my mind right now. When I’m with Paynter, I’m me, the wanton woman I’ve suppressed for far, far too long. The one who likes to wear sweats and her hair in a sloppy ponytail and who prefers to go without makeup on the weekends. Who thinks Naked Saturdays should be a damn weekly requirement. 
A woman whose career doesn’t rule her life.
“I need to keep you separate,” I say.
His tongue is in my mouth, licking, searing a path straight to my core, which is molten lava right now, ready to boil over and consume me, consume us both. He pauses to take a breath and I’m already missing the feel of his lips pressed against mine.
“Separate? As in magic tricks? Like you want to pretend to saw me in half? Sounds kinky. I’m in.”
I gurgle out a half-laugh while one of his hands twists in my hair, holding my head so he can plunder my mouth to my heart’s delight. The other roams south, flattening against my chest for a moment before drifting down to massage my breast through three layers of silk and satin. It’s too much—clothing, I mean. But I have to focus, as hard as it is. I need him to understand the parameters of our relationship. Or lack thereof. 
“No, silly. You and my career. James—I can’t believe my boss is your brother.”
“Your brother?”
“No, your brother. Are you listening to me?”
“Uh-huh.” He’s kissing my neck, nips and licks that are setting me on fire, while one of his hands is wandering again. The left is still kneading my breast, but the right has gone to the hem of my skirt before it slides under, all the way to the edge of my panties. His fingers tease, toy with me, before he slips them under the elastic to cup my ass.
I need to get this out before I lose all sense of reality.
“The only way ... this is going to work is—oh, yes—if I keep you separate from my career. So-so you can’t tell James you know me, okay?”
He’s stroking me, his fingers rough against my sensitive skin, my body’s lubrication making his task all that much easier. I swear mere seconds have gone by and I’m already about to explode.
He’s panting, his hips moving against my leg, like he’s as lost in the moment as I am. “Whatever you say, sweetheart. Just please get out of this suit, sooner than later.”
“Yes, yes, yes.” My fingers fumble over the buttons on the coat, but I manage to get it over my shoulders, where it traps my arms for long moments, during which Paynt takes full advantage. Wrapping one arm around my waist, he bends me back while he leans forward and licks the exposed skin over the top of my camisole. The slight sense of helplessness ratchets my body temperature up several degrees until I’m breathing so heavily I’m afraid I sound like an asthmatic dog. Or a goat.
“Should we—should we go inside?” I manage to ask. “Spot.”
“Spot?”
“The goat.”
He stops teasing the tops of my breasts to glance over his shoulder at the animal, munching away at the grass at the edge of his deck.
“If you really want a threesome, I’d prefer another human.”
I giggle and flap my hand, attempting to smack him, but I’m still trapped by my own suit coat. “Don’t be crass. I’m suggesting we go inside so we don’t corrupt the goat.”
He laughs and finally tugs the coat all the way off my shoulders before dropping it onto the deck so he can sweep me into his arms. “You are the oddest woman I’ve ever met.”
“And you are the sexiest neighbor I’ve ever met.” As he carries me past the kitchen, I squeeze his bicep. “Stop. Here. I want to—you, me...”
He groans. “Are you seriously going to ask me to stop now?”
I shake my head and point at the counter. “There. I want—I want you to, uh...” I broker million-dollar real estate deals, speaking with utmost confidence when a simple signature is all that stands between me and my next bonus, and yet I cannot tell the man I’m about to sleep with that I want him to bang me on his kitchen counter.
“I gotcha,” he says wisely, and I see the wicked gleam in his eye as he carries me over and places my ass on the cool marble. Thank God the man can practically read my mind. “Hang on.” 
He hurries away, around the corner, and reappears seconds later, holding two foil packets in his hand. “You forgot these when you ran away the other day.”
My laugh is nervous. “I had hoped to talk you into this then, actually.”
He steps up in front of me, drops the small squares onto the counter, and smooths his hands up my thighs. “You should’ve stuck around. I’m more than happy to see to any of your desires, sweetheart. So long as they involve the two of us getting naked, preferably together.”
“Well, you’re certainly halfway there.” I touch his chest, trail my fingers down to the waistband of his jeans. He grabs the hem of my camisole and flips it over my head.
“Let’s get you there, too.”
My bra is next, and my nipples pucker when they meet the cool air. He lifts his hands and cups them, skimming his thumbs over the sensitive nubs. I arch my back, craving more. I want more of his touch, more of him, more of everything having to do with Paynter. At the moment I cannot fathom why I keep running away from this man. Surely, I could have my career and him. They don’t need to interfere with each other. He’d already agreed not to tell James about us. So long as I keep them separate, I can certainly have my cake and eat it, too.
Or be eaten.
I gasp when he lifts me off the counter, efficiently disposing of both my skirt and my panties, and then places my bare backside on the chilly surface. I’m seated before him, utterly naked save my silver and black heels, with my legs spread wide and his thick erection only a foot or so away, and he’s staring at me like I’m that strawberry dish he helped me make the other day. Like he wants another strawgasm.  
“Hold that pose,” he says, and then he sprints away and returns carrying one of the chairs from the dining room.
“What are you...?” 
Placing the chair before me, he sits and shifts closer, his face between my legs, his hands stroking my inner thighs as he moves nearer to the prize.
“This. I like this,” I say, salivating as if he’s about to feed me, when in reality, I’m pretty sure his plan is exactly the opposite. 
“Me too,” he says, and he kisses my pussy, featherlight but enough contact to cause me to jerk as if he’d electrocuted me. “It’s definitely one of my favorite pastimes.” 
I lean back until my head rests against the wall, and I watch him through the valley between my breasts as he uses his fingers to spread my outer lips and give me a lick and then another. While I make noises that are wholly inappropriate for the kitchen, he thrusts his tongue into me, mimicking sex, and I reach down and cup the back of his head, holding him while I grind against his face, until my orgasm hits me so hard, the spasms cause me to slide off the counter. Luckily, he catches me and pulls me into his lap, where I straddle him while he’s sitting on the chair.
“Hey there.” He grins and half his face is glistening with my juices. It’s so incredibly hot, I press my palms to his cheeks and kiss him, soul deep, tasting myself on his tongue, lapping at him as if I might never get enough.
Breaking the kiss, I say, “Keep going. I need you. Inside me. Hurry.”
He snags one of the condoms from the counter and shifts me lower on his thighs so he can shove his jeans down just enough to sheath himself while I’m still sitting in his lap, my body tense, needy, desperate for him to fill me, give me what I want most.
Him.
Us, connected in the most intimate way known to the human race. Right now, I don’t care that I insisted we keep our lives separate except for these stolen moments. Right now, all I can imagine is that Paynter is mine, forever and ever, that he will never share this sort of intimacy with another woman ever again. Only me. If he had any inkling of my feelings, he’d be able to negotiate any sort of deal he wanted, even an exclusive and real relationship. 
Thank God he doesn’t realize how I feel.
The condom in place, while I’m still straddling him, I press my heels to the floor to leverage myself so I can sink onto his shaft. With a satisfied groan, I close my eyes and breathe deeply, relishing the pleasure shooting through every nerve ending in my body.
He’s not giving me time to revel, though. He’s kissing me, every part of my face, until he finds my lips, and then he’s thrusting his tongue into my mouth, keeping rhythm with our bodies, which have begun to move of their own accord. It’s not slow, not even at first, but that’s not what we want anyway. At least, it’s not what I want, and judging by his actions, I don’t think Paynter does, either. With one hand on his shoulder and the other grasping the back of the chair, I bounce in his lap, my thighs slapping against his, and he holds my hips, letting me lift up before slamming me back against him again, over and over, until we’re both slick with sweat and another orgasm is welling.
“Come for me, sweetheart. Come. Hard. All over me.”
“Yes, yes, yes.” I grind against him, shifting my hips to pull him deeper, again and again, and then time stands still, the whole world freezes, while my body turns into a rocket and shoots into the sky, exploding into a million sparkling lights before gently drifting back to earth.
“Was it good for you?” he says with a chuckle some time later, probably because I’m draped over his body like one of those ragdoll cats, the ones that, when you pick them up, their bodies go limp like, well, ragdolls. My head is on his shoulder, my eyes closed, my entire body more relaxed than it’s been in ... well, since the last time we did this.
I should make a habit of hooking up with this man.
“Mmm hmm.” I shift my hips because the poor guy needs to enjoy a climax too, but he grabs my waist and stills me.
“I’m gonna fall out at this point. I think I’m dehydrated from how hard I just came.”
“Oh.” I was so lost in my own pleasure, I hadn’t even realized he’d found his too.
He holds the condom in place while I slide off his lap and stagger around the kitchen, retrieving my clothing. As I pull my camisole over my head and tuck it into my skirt, I notice he’s snapping his jeans and staring out the window at the backyard.
“Spot,” he says, and it takes me a moment to realize he’s talking about the goat. “She’s gone.”
“What?” I hurry to his side to look out the window, too. The rope is still tied to the post, but there’s no goat. “Where is it?”
“Her. Spot’s a girl. And I don’t know.” Paynter is pulling his flannel shirt over his shoulders as he heads toward the door leading to the deck. I follow, grabbing my suit coat as I go. My heels sink into the earth as I hurry across his backyard, but they’re already ruined at this point anyway. 
When he reaches the beam where he’d secured Spot, Paynt bends over and picks up the frayed end of the rope. “She chewed through it.”
Twisting my head back and forth, I automatically search for the goat, hoping she only meant to graze outside the reaches of her tie-down, and she isn’t, as I fear, wandering about our uppity, too-many-rules neighborhood.
Paynt points at a cluster of razed hydrangeas lining the north side of his house. “I think she went that way.”
“Not to downgrade what we just did—at all—but we weren’t in there for very long. She can’t have gone far.”
“You’d be surprised. Goats like to eat. A lot. And they’re inquisitive, too.” 
Paynt jogs around to the front yard, and I chase after him, wishing I could change my footwear, but my house is in the opposite direction.
“How do you know so much about goats?” I ask when I catch up to him.
“We used to go to the 4H fair every year when I was a kid. The goats were my favorite exhibit.” He shrugs. “When I’m fascinated by things, they stick with me.” 
Is he fascinated by me? Because I sure seem to be sticking with him, even against my better judgment. 
“Over there.” He points at a dishevelled group of leaf bags that look as though a tornado has torn through.
As we hurry through the quiet, tree-lined streets, my sense of unease grows with each house, each mess, we pass. I can feel our neighbors watching us, using their fingers to provide just enough space between the blinds to see without being seen. We are certainly a sight, him in his jeans and rumpled shirt—I swear, I’m going to buy the man a damn iron—and me in my suit—which is also dishevelled, so I suppose I shouldn’t judge—and my four-inch heels and sex-sloppy hair. The wind that has kicked up isn’t helping my attempts at smoothing my locks into something resembling style, or at least presentable.
A child giggles somewhere nearby, and I turn toward the sound—and spy our mischievous goat, enjoying a scratch behind the ears from a delighted little girl who can’t be more than three or four years old.
“There she is,” I say, pointing. “Spot,” I call, as if the goat is a dog—one that’s already been trained, at that.
While Paynter jogs ahead of me toward the duo, the goat looks up and gives a bleat before lowering its head to nibble at the hair of the doll the little girl has dropped on the sidewalk.
“Doggy,” she says to Paynter when he snags the small bit of rope still wrapped around Spot’s neck.
“Yeah,” he says, smiling down at her. “My doggy. Thanks for watching her for me.”
“Bye-bye, doggy,” she calls in a singsong voice, and Paynt scoops the goat into his arms and walks toward me.
“Told you we should have named her Dog.”
I can’t help it—I laugh as we head back to his house together, the crisis momentarily averted.
“Looks like I’m going to spend the rest of the day building a pen for Spot, since it’s obvious I can’t keep her tied up with a rope. Will you babysit while I head to Home Depot for supplies?”
I’m surprised by my desire to go with him, but after that escape, I know we can’t leave the little kid alone. “Sure. That’s fine.”
“I’ll make it up to you later,” he promises when we step into his house and he deposits Spot on the floor, where her hoofs scrabble on the gleaming wood for a few seconds before she’s able to toddle off to explore. “With chocolate syrup on top.”
“Now I really can’t say no.”
“I know you can’t.” He grabs his car keys from the counter, pulls me into an embrace, and then kisses me until my knees wobble. A crash from some other room jerks us apart. “Don’t let her destroy my house, please.” And then he’s gone, leaving me to try to keep an inquisitive kid contained.
***
After Spot knocks over the trash bin, manages to climb onto the dining room table, and then begins chomping on the fringe of what looks like a handmade blanket draped over the back of Paynter’s couch, I find another length of rope and lead the goat out the back door, figuring it will be safer to hang out outside with her until he returns.
We make our way over to my yard, and even though I cringe at the idea of letting the animal into my own house, I do so because I want to change into comfortable clothing and pour myself a glass of wine, which makes it infinitely more bearable to meander about the yard with a goat on a leash.
After I wander down to the lake and laughing at the way Spot dances to the edge of the water and then scurries away over and over, as if she can’t quite work up the nerve to investigate this strange substance, my wineglass is empty, so I head back to the house in search of a refill. 
When we emerge from the trees surrounding the lake, we’re actually on Paynter’s lawn, so I veer right, toward my house, just as a woman appears between our properties, carefully picking her way over the grass and fallen leaves. Even from this distance, I recognize those shoes as Louis Vuitton and that suit as one I’d passed over because the price tag was too steep, no matter how gorgeous it was. Her hair is the perfect shade of blonde; her skin is porcelain. A living, breathing China doll with taste in clothing I’ll only be able to afford after I make partner. And even then, it’ll be a stretch. But I’ll figure it out, damn it, because, God, those shoes are fabulous.
“Careful,” I call out, rushing toward her, momentarily forgetting I’m dragging a goat of all things behind me. But I cannot let her ruin those heels. “Here, step onto this paver.” Holding out my arms, I guide her toward the stones that make a path around Paynter’s house from his deck, past the decimated hydrangeas, to the driveway.
She follows my direction, but the scowl on her otherwise beautiful face doesn’t change. “Do you live here?”
“I wish,” I say with a nervous laugh, before shoving my thumb over my shoulder. “I live in that one.” 
Her immaculately manicured brows—exactly two shades darker than her ash blonde hair—quirk as she gives my house a disdainful look before swivelling her gaze toward Paynter’s deck. “So you’re trespassing?”
“I, ah, we’re friends. Neighbors. Paynter and I. He-he doesn’t mind if I’m on his lawn.”
“With a goat?” She says it like I’m carting around a cockroach on a leash instead of a docile, oddly endearing, if mischievous, four-legged animal. One that has done absolutely nothing at all to offend this woman. 
Unless, of course, Spot knocked over her trash or ate the woman’s begonias on her earlier rampage through the neighborhood. 
“Er ... I’m baby, ah, goat sitting. For a friend.”
“We don’t allow kids in this neighborhood.”
“Kids?” I don’t remember reading that in the bylaws, and I’d read them from cover to cover to ensure I never, ever did anything to cross the esteemed homeowners’ association. 
“Baby goats.” Her gaze drops to glare at poor Spot, who obliviously butts her head against the woman’s leg, which kicks out and narrowly misses stabbing the animal with a heel resembling the stem of a crystal wineglass. I gather the innocent goat into my arms and take a step away from the impossibly beautiful woman.
“Right. Actually, it states all animals must be fenced in or on a leash. It doesn’t say anything specifically about goats.” Even though I am certain no one in this stuffy neighborhood would ever imagine taking on a goat as a pet. Except Paynter. 
“It should. That thing belongs on a farm, not in this community.” She even adds a sniff to the pretentious comment. “Maybe I need to revise the homeowners’ association bylaws.”
“Who are you?” Only the HOA board can revise bylaws. I’ve met the president and the board, and I don’t recall having come across this beacon for all sophisticated, professional women.
Her smile is pure Cheshire cat. She reaches out like she’s about to offer her hand to shake, drops her gaze to Spot, and pulls back again.
“I’m the new president of the homeowners’ association.” 
“What happened to Dr. Gertney?” I’ve only lived here for a year, but according to my neighbors, Dr. Gertney has been the president of the HOA since the first house went up, forty years ago. 
“Died. Lung cancer. Very sudden.” She didn’t even pretend to have a bit of sympathy for the poor man.
“Wow. I didn’t even hear about it.” Of course, I’d been a bit preoccupied lately with thinking about and then getting naked with Paynter. “And you’re the new president. Were you on the board?” If she was, she hasn’t been to any of the quarterly meetings I’ve attended. 
Flipping her hair over her shoulder like a movie star, she says, “I moved into the neighborhood about three months ago. But I’m quite aggressive.” She flashes a toothy grin that makes me think of sharks. I clutch the goat to my chest and take another step away. 
“When I want something, I get it. Every time. Well, not every time, I suppose.” She glances at Paynter’s house. Did she, too, want this one but ended up with her second choice, like I had? 
“There isn’t a bad house in this neighborhood.”
“Some are certainly better than others.”
I couldn’t argue.
“You say you’re friends with Paynter?”
I nod. “You’ve met Paynter?” I’m not surprised, really. Besides the fact that he’s beautiful even just to stare at, the man works from home, so he would have significantly more opportunity to meet the neighbors than someone like me, who works too many hours at an office and then escapes to the privacy of my home without bothering to wave at people who walk or drive by.
Ignoring my question, she asks, “Do you know if he’s replaced the chandelier?” 
I chuckle. “Yes, although I’m not sure the replacement is much better. Actually, I’ve seen both, and I can tell you, the original is way better.”
“You liked the original?” Is that an almost genuine smile on her lips?
I shrug. “Like I said, it was better than what’s there now.”
She’s staring at the house like she wants to go inside and check out the new light fixture in the foyer. I understand the feeling, because I loved this house, too, once upon a time. Although it’s funny, the more time I spend there, the more it seems to be about the man and not the abode. 
She isn’t a particularly pleasant person, but she is the president of the HOA and she personifies everything I strive to be, or so it appears on the outside. And if Paynter plans to keep Spot as a pet, I should probably attempt to make friends with the person who has the authority to force him to give up his new kid. I open my mouth, prepared to invite her into his house, figuring she’ll find the chandelier as horrendous as the rest of us, when Paynter’s voice cuts me off. 
“Hey, Chloe, you back here?” he calls out as he rounds the corner, balancing a bunch of metal poles on his shoulder. “Can you help me carry this stuff? There’s this tractor supply place about ten miles away, so I went out there to get feed and straw and stuff for Spot, plus they had the perfect supplies to make a pen and...” He stops in his tracks when he sees me and the president of the HOA, and a moment later, the metal poles go crashing to the ground.
“What the fuck are you doing here, Bernadette?”

CHAPTER ELEVEN

PAYNTER

When I get back and start unloading the poles for the pen, Chloe’s standing in my yard with Spot in her arms, talking to another woman. It takes me half a second to recognize my ex, to freeze while the poles thud to the ground around my feet. 
It’s the oddest thing, seeing Bernadette again in my backyard of all places. She’s supposed to be on the other side of the country, wheeling deals and employing some ponce to be her perfect candidate for future husband. Not right in front of me, talking to Chloe. I’ve thought about running into her more times than I want to admit, thought I’d be angry or perhaps relieved to put the past to bed. I’m neither. I don’t feel anything toward the woman I once planned to marry. A growl vibrates in my throat at her talking to Chloe though.  
 “What the fuck are you doing here, Bernadette?”
The two women look at me for a startled moment. Then Bernadette smiles and picks her way across the lawn on her ridiculous heels. Her smile is stiff, fake. Did she have Botox? Or plastic surgery? She went on and on about it when we were together, but I always thought she was beautiful as she was. 
But now there’s something off about her face. We’ve known each other for a long time, we were friends even before we started dating, but the woman who reaches up to clasp my shoulders and air-kiss each cheek isn’t who I remember. “Get some work done, B?” 
“You noticed?” She flicks her blonde hair back from her shoulder. “You always had a good eye for detail.” 
Shame it wasn’t better, since I can’t see a damn thing about her now that attracted me in the first place. 
Chloe’s eyes widen, and she sweeps her gaze between me and plastic fantastic Barbie before reaching to tug at her hair. She did that the morning she flipped out about James. It must be a nervous habit or stress related, but I’m not in the mood to watch her bolt now. 
“I was just talking to your neighbor about that barnyard animal. She said she was watching it for a friend, but I’m assuming she meant you.” Bernadette slips beside me, her hand going to my arm. “I shouldn’t be surprised that you’re behind this goat tomfoolery.” 
Crossing my arms over my chest, I ignore her attempts at whatever it is she’s trying to accomplish by fluttering her fingers over my bicep. It’s annoying in the way a fly is, and I want to swat her away, especially when she addresses Chloe with disdain. “Paynter here always did have a thing for strays.” 
Chloe stops playing with her hair and rears back as though she’s been physically slapped. A quick glance at her attire, and she draws her pretty eyebrows together. She’d probably find it easier to keep her bearings if she were still dressed in her suit, but I know from firsthand experience that Bernadette can tear down anyone if she gets it in her mind to do so. 
“Bernadette,” I caution. I couldn’t give two fucks what she thinks of me now, but I won’t hear a bad word said about this woman who is managing to be gracious and genuine to my ex at the moment. 
Stalking to Chloe, I stop right in front of her. I want to clasp her face in my hands and kiss her or wrap my arms around her waist and pull her against me so that she knows the woman behind me means less than nothing. And so that same woman knows I’ve moved on to something so much better. But I’m uncertain how Chloe would react, and whether Bernadette would make this already uncomfortable meeting worse. “Don’t take it personally, okay?”
“Of course not,” Chloe says and pushes Spot into my arms.  “Here, hold my goat.” 
Hot damn, this woman must be formidable when selling real estate to be able to pull off the haughty look of contempt she aims at Bernadette while dressed in a worn sweatshirt and yoga pants. She steps around me, moving across the yard.
 “I’m sure you weren’t categorizing me alongside the goat. Paynter took it the wrong way, didn’t he? You wouldn’t come to his house to insult his friends. People like you and I are too professional to sink to that level.” 
“Friends?” Bernadette folds one arm delicately over her chest, clasping her elbow with her hand. “Is that what you are?” 
“Friends,” Chloe raises her voice a notch. “Very good friends.” 
Bernadette toys with one of her long diamond earrings while she smiles. It’s like watching Animal Planet, When Sharks Attack. “Look, sweetie, I’m sure you think you’re on my level and that you’re very good friends, but Paynt has taste. He’s used to quality. Whatever this is,” she gestures between the two of us while peering down the long ridge of her nose at Chloe, “is just Paynt’s way of distracting himself.” 
“That’s enough, Bernadette,” I snap as I get between them, putting the kid down on the grass. Hopefully, she won’t wander too far. “I won’t let you talk to Chloe like that. Say what you have to say and get the hell off my property.” 
I swear she ignores me. “You do realize that the chandelier in Paynt’s foyer is mine?” 
“That phallic monstrosity is yours?” Chloe snickers. “And you’re talking about taste?” 
“It’s still there, isn’t it?” Bernadette preens, touching her hair. “Even after I left, he didn’t get rid of it. I bet it’s not the only part of me he’s held onto all this time.” 
I catch myself holding my breath and let it out in a whoosh. I should have gotten rid of that chandelier, and the box of letters, and the velvet ring box that was never opened. Because not one part of me understands how the hell I ever thought I loved this woman enough to want to marry her. She’s ice and bite, nothing but show and a whole lot of bitterness. 
Chloe hesitates, flicking a glance at me for confirmation.
Bernadette goes in for the kill. “I’m back now, and Paynt and I have a lot to sort out, so you can scurry off home. Perhaps take the goat with you. The two of you look like you belong together.” 
 The nerve in my jaw ticks like a bomb waiting to go off and the muscles in my neck are hard as cement thanks to her insinuation there’s something left unsaid between us. My chest burns with my escalating temper and the idea of Chloe running because of Bernadette. 
Gripping Chloe’s wrist, I pull her close and wind my other arm around her waist. Her heart is beating fast, so fast. She’s rigid; I can barely bring her back to my chest, but she hides it well. 
“She’s not going anywhere,” I bark at Bernadette over the top of her head. 
“Chloe and I are together and I’m fucking happy.” Or I will be when Queen B gets out of my yard and leaves us alone. Chloe takes a deep breath, and I wait for her to dispute my words, but instead she finally relaxes into me. 
Bernadette cants her head and stares at us through slitted eyes. “You’re not really. You can’t mean that. You loved me, enough to want to marry me, Paynt. And we were good together; we have so much history. I know there are things we need to sort out, but we could be great together. Better than last time. Better than this.” 
I shake my head and press my mouth to the top of Chloe’s locks. Does the woman not see how ridiculous she is? “Maybe one day you’ll realize that your crazy expectations of what is better aren’t going to make you happy, Bernie.” 
All the anger that has built up under my skin dissipates. In a way, I feel sorry for her, because she’ll never be happy. I, at least, have a chance. Chloe, at least, has a chance, because try as hard as she does to stick to her plans of bigger and better things, when we’re together she seems to forget them. But Bernadette won’t unless she works out that all her goals and aspirations of perfection won’t bring her joy. 
“Chloe’s not a distraction. She means much more to me than that, and she’s who I want. I won’t have you treat her the way you just did.” 
“But the chandelier.” For the first time in as far back as I can remember Bernadette seems to lose her footing on that pedestal she’s built for herself. I get a glimpse of the woman I first became friends with and then found myself attracted to, but now she looks lost. 
“I didn’t bother taking it down because I didn’t know if I was going to stay here long term. Let me call someone in to pack it up. I’ll have it delivered to you as soon as it can be arranged.” I tighten my hold on Chloe’s waist. I want to make it clear in no uncertain manner that I’m moving forward and Chloe’s the only girl I’m interested in. She wraps her hands around my forearm, holding onto me, and I welcome the support it lends and the possessiveness. “I’ll try to find Spot a home too. Whatever it takes to get you to stay out of my life.” 
“You don’t mean that?” Bernadette tries to frown, but her brow stays immovably smooth. “I’ll admit I made a mistake, maybe two. But—”
“You did me a favor,” I tell her. “Good-bye, Bernadette. Pop your address in my mailbox on your way out so I can make sure the chandelier gets delivered to the right house. Hopefully, you’ll get more enjoyment from it than I ever did.” 
Taking Chloe’s hand, I leave Bernadette to find her own way out of my yard while we chase after Spot, who’s wandered down near the lake. Chloe’s quiet while I round up the goat and carry it back to the house. Bernadette’s gone and the irritation over our clash has dispersed, but I don’t like the silence. Hopefully, she isn’t thinking about what Bernadette said about the chandelier, because the only thing that should symbolize is pretty damn obvious. 
 “So Spot’s your goat, huh?” 
“What?” 
“You told me to hold your goat.” I wrap an arm around her shoulders as we head up to the house. 
“Oh, uh. Did I?” She studies a length of her hair, probably trying not to look affected by the encounter. “So that was your ex Garrett was ranting about. Even with what he’d said about how stuck-up and mean she is, I never expected her to be like that.” 
“She’s unique,” I say. “I almost feel sorry for her, because I don’t think she’ll ever be able to just enjoy the life she has. She’ll always be too busy trying to make everything perfect.” 
Skirting the house, we head for the car where I still have supplies to unload. As we enter my front yard, Chloe asks, “Are you really going to get rid of Spot?” 
Her concern over our pet when only hours earlier she’d berated me about the little beast is touching. “I’m still going to try to find out where she came from. If I can’t find her home, I’ll take her to my parents. They’ve got a big enough yard, and my mom could probably do with the company. At least for a while.” 
Setting Spot on the ground, I gather from the trunk a length of chain and a collar that I’d bought to secure her while I build a pen. “I’m sorry she attacked you like that. But damn, you were something with the way you threw down. I was seriously impressed.”
“You were pretty impressive too,” Chloe says. “Thank you for what you said, and making her back off.”
“I meant it,” I say quietly. Then I clear my throat, because I want her to know that I don’t want to be friends only with her. “I told her the truth, and I won’t let anyone treat you like that. When you asked me earlier if we could keep this thing detached I shouldn’t have said yes. Telling you I can do that would be lying to you, because I don’t want this to be about sex only.” 
“Good sex.” 
“Great sex.” I grin. “But it’s more than that, for me. You’re important to me, and that means I’m going to defend you against people like Bernadette.”
“She only reacted like that because she still has a thing for you. That must have been as clear to you as it was to me.” 
Is that what’s bothering her? Not the fact I made it evident we’re together but that she thinks there’s something between Bernadette and me? Standing up, I gather her into my arms. “She thinks I’m a toy, something she has ownership of, and some other woman is playing with it so she wants it back. There’s nothing there, sweetheart, not even good memories.”
“But the chandelier. You held onto that awful, awful thing.” She shakes her head. “Why would you do that unless it was because she means something to you?” 
“For the same reason I told her. This house was about her, and when I moved in I didn’t know if I’d stay or sell. It wasn’t home, it was just some monstrous ode to how ridiculous people can be when they’re putting on airs. So I really didn’t give a fuck about some stupid, gaudy chandelier. Plus, it was a reminder not to get involved with women like her.”
“Women like me?” Chloe murmurs to herself. 
“No, not you.” I grip her chin until she looks at me. “Do you really see yourself as someone like that? I know you have goals to accomplish and they’re important to you, but I don’t think they’re everything you want now, are they? Look at you, in my front yard, not caring if anyone sees you in your less-than-perfect attire, with a man you didn’t think was worth your time, and a goat you expect to ruin your standing in the neighborhood. Women like Bernadette would never be real like you are.” I press my forehead to hers and brush my lips across hers. “They certainly wouldn’t let me kiss them like this.” 
“I’m not sure why I’m letting you kiss me like this.” 
Covering my hand with her own, she opens under the pressure of my mouth. I lick into her, stroking my tongue along hers while I drop my hands to her ass and pick her up. With a whimper, she winds her legs around my hips, her fingers gripping my hair. A dog yaps excitedly somewhere behind us, but neither of us moves to break apart. 
“We’re supposed to be building a goat pen,” she says breathlessly as she kisses her way up my jaw. 
I tighten my hold on her and run one hand along her spine to squeeze her neck as I take long strides across the yard to the house. “Later.” 
“But Spot.” She moans as I capture her mouth. 
The kid bleats and bumps against my legs as it trots to keep up, the chain pulling her along with us. Chloe and I slam up against the front door, and I fight with the door handle until it swings open. Inside, I shove it closed with my foot and drop the chain. 
Chloe’s legs around my waist hold her up while I yank at her sweatshirt until it’s over her head. Sucking in her bottom lip, she works on mine. Her skin is hot on my own, her tits pressed to my chest as I smash our lips together. I stumble across the foyer and press her to the wall while I yank on the strap that keeps her bra in place so I can lick and suck at her tits. We stagger halfway up the stairs, crashing into the wall. 
“Paynt,” she pleads. “Need you now.” 
Dropping down on a step, I let her go so she can stand, and help her out of her yoga pants. Stretchy fabric might be my favorite given how easy it is to remove. Then I hook my fingers into her panties and rip them down. Using my shoulders to support her, she steps out of them and slides onto my lap, struggling with my belt. It clinks as she knocks it aside. The hard ridges of the stairs bite into my back as I lean into them and shift my hips to push my pants down to free my cock. There’s a condom in my pocket, and I pull it out and tear it open to sheath myself. 
Shifting forward, she grasps my erection as I clasp her face between my hands and kiss the fuck out of her. Then she’s sliding onto me, rolling her hips to take me deep. Staring into her eyes, I have to admit I’m pretty enamored with her. I thrust into her, ignoring the hard surface we’re on and the slight discomfort that comes with it as she shuts her eyes and throws her head back in abandon to the pleasure of our bodies moving together. 
Her movements speed up, her face is a mask of concentration. 
“Open your eyes, sweetheart, I want to see you come.” 
Her lashes lift over blue eyes dazed with pleasure. Her lips part, and her hands knead my chest as I grip her hips, her movements becoming jerky and uncoordinated. “Yes. Paynt. Ooooh.” 
I get swept up in her, my own climax shooting through me as she collapses onto me, knocking my head back against the step. I wince from the sudden pain. Then I chuckle as I wind both arms around her and hold her close. Nothing picture-perfect could ever be this good. 
“The goat,” Chloe says a few short minutes later as she scrambles up. “Oh no, no, no. Where do you think she’ll have gotten to?” 
“Mmm hmm, what goat?” Oh, right. Spot. “Shit.”

CHAPTER TWELVE

CHLOE

I suddenly can’t breathe. I gotta get out of here. 
Everything Paynter said about me was sweet, eloquent, sexy even—and wrong. The only reason I let him kiss me while we’re standing on his front lawn and I’m wearing my old college sweats is because I forget everything when I’m with him. It doesn’t mean I don’t still care about my image; it means I’ve had a momentary lapse in judgment that I’ll regret as soon as I come down from the high he’s taken me on.
I care about what other people think about me, about my clothing, about my actions. I care what the HOA thinks, although, truthfully, I do hate that we live in a place where he thinks he can’t keep Spot. Okay, sure, the thing eats practically everything and won’t stay off the dining room table, but she’s so endearing. The idea of giving her up hurts my heart, although not as much as the idea of giving up Paynt.
Still. 
He’s wrong. I think.
I grab my clothes as I go, pulling on my sweatshirt as I stumble into the living room and see Spot munching on the afghan draped over the back of the couch. Man, she loves that thing. Hopefully, it isn’t valuable, because an entire section is now in the goat’s stomach.
When Paynt wanders into the room without a shirt and with his jeans tugged up over his hips but left unsnapped, I avert my gaze and blurt, “I have to go. I forgot my parents are expecting me for dinner.”
“Okay.” 
“I need to stop—pick up something—I told them I’d bring dessert. And there’s no time to make strawgasms. Which I’m not sure I really want to introduce my parents to, anyway.” He isn’t questioning me, doesn’t look like he’s suspicious of the plans I’ve supposedly suddenly remembered, yet I can’t stop talking. “And wine. They like Merlot. Even with steak. But I think Mom’s making lasagna actually.”  
Now his brows draw together, and I know it isn’t my excuse so much as my inability to shut up that makes him curious. I give him a quick smack on the lips and then rush for the door. “Football is on tonight, and if I don’t get there early enough, we can’t drag Dad away from the TV to eat dinner with us.”
Then I’m gone, across the front lawn and secured inside the sanctuary of my own home, where I bang my head against the wall for a moment because crap, now I have to go visit my parents. 
And damn it, Paynter is wrong. 
***
On Sunday, I hide in my house and watch through the bay window in the dining room while Paynt and Garrett build a pen for Spot. They’re digging holes in the yard and pouring cement and everything. Sure seems permanent, given his claim to either find the goat’s original home or give it to his mom. But that’s Paynt, isn’t it? He makes a plan, he sticks with it, regardless of what anyone else thinks. Even the homeowners’ association, which, if Bernadette has her way, will rewrite the rules to make it clear he can’t keep the hapless kid.
I wish I were like that. Just make a decision and barrel ahead, everyone around me be damned. Or maybe I did, with this obsessive need of mine to be the perfect image of the perfect corporate woman, striving to reach the top of the ladder, preferably shattering a few glass ceilings along the way.
My problem is—okay, one of my problems is—that I actually love my job. I like that euphoric feeling when I close a deal; the sense of satisfaction when a client sends a follow up thank-you letter after I’ve convinced them to sign away millions of dollars for a piece of real estate.
And I like wearing pencil skirts and spiked heels. I like the way they make me feel; powerful, confident, and sexy at the same time. Guys have tailored suits, I have Gucci. And Miu Miu. And maybe, someday, Louis Vuitton.
But secretly, I like my pajamas bottoms and ratty old sweatshirt, too. I like not wearing makeup and dragging my hair into a ponytail and then forgetting about it. I like not spending a whole lot of time worrying about what everyone else thinks about me.
Hello, oxymoron.
To make this whole self-revelation bullshit even worse, Paynter actually likes me—that side of me that isn’t putting on a show for everyone else. And he’s making me question who I am, which part of me I really want to be. 
Goddamn it, I’m almost there—almost to the top. Again. And once again a man is getting in the way. But this time, it isn’t on purpose. Hell, Paynter doesn’t even realize what he’s doing to me. He has no clue he’s making me question everything about myself, making me wonder if I want to be the person I’ve convinced myself everyone expects me to be. Is it possible to still continue my climb and yet allow my natural self to show? 
Do I even remember how to be natural, be myself, around other people?
I do when I’m with Paynter, but I don’t want to put him on that pedestal, to create that expectation. I don’t want to convince myself I can only be me when I’m with him. Hell, I haven’t even accepted the idea of actually being with him yet.
Although it’s more tempting by the minute. I want to go over there right now, to hang out and chat while they dig holes and put up fencing. Maybe even help set up Spot’s new home. And later I want Paynt and I to head to the shower, together. I want to get dirty and clean all at the same time. And then I want to spend the night with him, to wake up in his arms, to brush our teeth while we stand side by side at the double sinks in his bathroom. Or maybe mine. His house is bigger, but truthfully, mine’s warmer, and all my stuff is here. He only has to get up and wander down the hall to his home office, whereas I have to look presentable for my co-workers and clients. 
And for myself. Really, just for myself.
A dark-haired little girl darts into view, running on stubby legs, holding what looks like a dog leash, with Spot trotting along next to her. Paynt says something to her and points at the lake, probably a warning to stay away from the water, and I have a sudden vision so real, it steals my breath away.
Paynt. Me. A little girl. And her pet goat. All one, big family. We’re content, and I’m wearing yoga pants, and I’m not standing at the top of that corporate ladder, arms on hips, looking down on everyone else.
And I’m happy. 
Even after Garrett and the little girl, whom I presume is his, leave, I don’t go over to Paynter’s house and he doesn’t come knocking on my door, either. I don’t know why he doesn’t, but screw analysing it, because truthfully, I’m relieved. I’ve had this little epiphany, but I haven’t yet processed all I’ve discovered about myself, all I need to do to try to become myself again.

***
Monday morning, I head into the office, wearing my favorite boots, which are brand-name knock-offs I impulsively bought from Target and usually wear only when I’m with my family or going someplace where I’m certain no one will know me and judge me based on my footwear. 
It’s my first attempt at being me, a person who wears footwear because she likes it or it’s functional and not because the shoe speaks of her financial status. It is arguably one of my most difficult fashion decisions since I’ve started dressing myself. 
My office is located in a glass-encased high-rise owned by my boss, who happens to be Paynter’s brother. I’ve momentarily forgotten this fact while I mull over my decision to attempt to make choices based on my own wants and desires and not what I think others expect of me.
James was out of town for most of last week, and Friday he worked from home, so I managed to avoid looking him in the eye, knowing I banged his brother on the couch in the basement, on the kitchen counter, in his bed.
Today, I won’t be so lucky, based on the sticky note I find attached to the door of my office when I return from the restroom. It’s mid-morning, and I’ve been working my way through my emails, trying to clear my inbox, because my afternoon is full of back-to-back meetings. With a sigh, I head down the hall to the corner office. 
“Love those boots, Chloe,” his admin says as I show her the note before proceeding into James’s domain. 
“Hey, Chloe, lookin’ good,” he greets me. “Those boots are great.”
“Seriously? When’s the last time you complimented my footwear? The shoes I wore yesterday cost half a week’s salary.”
“You spent too damn much on them, then.”
Leave it to a man who wears Rolex and Armani like he was born to model their goods to point out that sometimes, the price tag doesn’t make the shoe. Or person.
“So, change of subject in order. Was the trip successful?”
His brow scrunches and he abruptly shoves out of his chair and stalks over to where a coffee station is set up on a shelf built into the bookcase. “Coffee?”
“Sure.” 
He’s agitated. I immediately fear Paynter has told him about us but no, I don’t see him as a guy who breaks promises that are clearly important to the other person. 
James pours coffee, adding flavored creamer to mine without asking because he already knows, and offers me the matte black mug with the red logo that matches the one on the building we are currently standing in. I take a sip and make my way to one of the chairs facing his desk while he pours coffee for himself and adds the barest dollop of cream.
“How successful it was remains to be seen,” he says as he sits behind his desk and places his mug on a ceramic coaster. “Myra told me your calendar is clear until one. I need you to sit in on a meeting for me.”
“Sure. When?”
He glances at his watch, thick and heavy and solid gold with a cut crystal face. “Fifteen minutes.”
“Oh. Well, I guess you’d better fill me in.” 
He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Some guy from our biggest competitor is downstairs, sniffing around, probably trying to figure out how to steal our clients. Usually they aren’t so ballsy as to actually show up and demand a meeting.”
He pauses and I wait, knowing he’ll give me more information, won’t send me into a meeting blind.
“I’m double-booked. I could easily reschedule my other meeting, but truthfully, I think it’ll be more fun if you take this one. Shut the guy down. Hell, make him cry if you want to. Remind him that no one can touch our status as the number one corporate real estate acquisitions and management company in the Midwest.”
Hell, make him cry if you want to.
This is the person I’ve created. The reason James hired me, and the reason I’m likely to make partner before I’ve been with the company a year. 
But I’m not that person, not when I’m with Paynter. He would laugh if James said something like that in front of him and then he’d say, “Chloe isn’t like that. I wouldn’t be sleeping with her if she was.”
Oh God, will I have to choose after all? If I let this thing between Paynter and I grow, see where it goes, will I eventually be forced to become my college professor, the one who told us her story of climbing almost to the top, only to give it all up to teach at university when she got pregnant with her third kid? 
“You okay, Chloe? You look a little pale.”
Blinking rapidly, I clear my throat and give James a tight smile. “Fine. I’m fine.” No I’m not, but I can’t tell my boss that. I can’t say, I’m sleeping with your brother, he’s making me question everything about myself, and now I’m afraid I don’t even know who I am anymore.
“So you’re good? Your teeth razor sharp and ready to go?”
As if on cue, the phone on James’s desk beeps, and then Myra’s frostier than usual voice says, “The security guard in the lobby just called. Your ten-thirty is here, boss.”
I glance at James, arching my brow in silent question. He shifts the knot on his tie while his cheeks turn a mottled red, which surprises me because James is rarely ruffled. And then he clears his throat.
“Thank you, Myra. Tell Phil to escort him to the main boardroom. Chloe is taking this meeting for me, but don’t tell him that.”
“Of course. You can trust me.” The phone beeps, indicating Myra has dropped the line.
“Er, everything okay with Myra?” I ask.
“Fine,” he says, standing and pacing back to the coffee pot. “She’ll be fine. She’s just irritated about a decision I made while out of town. Thinks I made a poor one.”
I chuckle. “Sounds like you need to start taking your admin with you when you travel.”
His coffee must go down the wrong pipe, because he bursts into a coughing fit that takes a long moment to recover from. 
“Right. Yes. Well, anyway. Thanks for taking this meeting.” He nods, the usual sternness back in his eye. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
Not feeling at all like a tiger or any sort of vicious, goal-driven beast, I head down the hall to my office, where I touch up my lipstick and grab my leather-enclosed notebook, and then I take the elevator down to the lobby. 
The main boardroom is overkill for a meeting between only two people, but James made his choice deliberately, I’m sure. It’s a large, cherry-wood panelled room with a long, glass table surrounded by twenty-eight luxury leather desk chairs, and the latest in top-of-the-line presentation equipment. Depending on the nature of the business, there are hidden panels that will reveal a fully stocked bar or an espresso machine. One time, James had a popcorn maker brought in and popped the popcorn ahead of time so that the room smelled enticingly like a movie theater, which was precisely the type of real estate he was attempting to sell that day.
I nod at Phil the security guard as I exit the elevator and round the corner, heading toward the room at the end of the hall. As I stalk past the public restrooms, a man steps out and I come to a stuttering halt.
“Paynt.”
He grins while he straightens the glasses that do not at all detract from his gorgeous, glassy blue eyes. “Hey, Chloe. I was hoping I’d see you while I’m here.”
“What are you doing here?” I glance around, checking to ensure no one is around, even though we aren’t doing anything that would make our relationship status obvious. Or non-relationship status. Whatever. I don’t want anyone in this building to be aware I have slept with this man and desperately want to again.
“James has been bugging me to take a look at one of his programs, see if I can come up with something more efficient.”
I grab his arm, which, for once, is not covered with a wrinkled flannel shirt but instead a basic, black, men’s walking coat, open to reveal a striped button-down shirt that’s actually tucked into his slacks. He’s discovered how to use an iron; he looks dapper and practically edible.
“Remember, you promised not to tell him about us,” I say.
“Him? Who? What?”
That ridiculous Who’s on First Abbot and Costello skit pops into my head. 
“James,” I say through clenched teeth. “About us. You said you wouldn’t tell him.”
“I did?” I hate the way his brow scrunched together and there’s a frown on his lips, like he has no idea what I’m talking about. 
“Yes.”
“When?”
I don’t just roll my eyes, I lift my face to the heavens, seeking … something. Anything to get me through this conversation. If he told his brother we’re sleeping together…
“We were out on your deck. Er, you know, making out. Spot was there.”
“If we were making out, I’m pretty sure the only words I heard were you telling me to go faster or harder, Chloe. I sure as hell don’t remember having a conversation about my brother. In fact, that sounds like a boner killer to me.”
I clutch his coat sleeve. “You responded. You said uh-huh.”
“Yeah, in my head you probably said, Let’s get naked. Seriously, I don’t recall talking about James, except for that day you got pissed at me when you found out he was my brother.”
Does that mean he told him? Shit. Before I can open my mouth to ask the question, his phone blares “Like a Virgin” by Madonna. He chuckles as he silences it and reads the text that popped onto the screen. 
“James,” he explains. “He hates that ringtone.”
“I can’t imagine why.”
“I gotta get upstairs.”
“Please don’t tell him.”
A dark cloud passes over his face and I almost recoil at how angry he looks, but then he shakes his head and says, “Unless you work in IT, I doubt your name will come up.”
“Thank you.” I try really hard not to let him see how relieved I am, as I point at the closed door to the boardroom. “I have an appointment, too. I’ll see you later.” 
He strides away, and I watch, mesmerized, until he rounds the corner and disappears from my sight. I hear Phil call out to him by name, but then again, Paynter’s probably been here numerous times before if his brother owns the place. I’d say it’s amazing I’ve never run into him, but it’s really not. I’m always heads down when I’m here, always working. I don’t even socialize at the water cooler, and I never sit in the break room to eat lunch.
Yet more proof I am the woman I thought I wanted to be. The one I’m not sure I like anymore. Shaking my head, I reach for the door to the boardroom, twist the knob, and step inside.
“Chloe. What a pleasant surprise.”
I pause in the act of closing the door to stare at my worst nightmare, haloed by a brief flash of sunlight streaming in through the window, before a bank of clouds drowns everything in shadows. I can clearly see the blond hair, slightly wavy, perfectly groomed, coated with enough gel to keep the strands in place in anything less than a category four hurricane. Brown eyes, framed by lashes a few shades darker than his hair. They used to remind me of dark chocolate. 
His face is probably as smooth as a baby’s butt and has an olive tone that hasn’t faded with summer. His navy suit is as impeccable as James’s and no doubt equally as expensive. Hell, they probably use the same tailor. He extends his hand as he walks toward me, and I see the flash of an overlarge gold ring, encrusted with a shining ruby. He won some contest when he was in college and the ring was the prize. It sparkles as if it’s new, even though he’s been out of college as long as I have. 
“I didn’t realize you’d landed here.” My ex-boyfriend, Marcus, the snake who stole my promotion, glances around at the elegant, formal boardroom. I recognize that sharp look in his eye. He wants something, but I have no idea what it is. “This is the number one company in our industry.”
“I’m fully aware of that statistic.” 
“Of course you would be. I suppose what I meant was, I didn’t expect to be meeting with you today. I requested a meet with one of the partners.”
“And here I am.” I spread my arms and give him my best fake smile, and I hope James backs me up if he and Marcus ever come face to face. Hell, maybe I will be partner before that ever happens.
His dark blond brows shoot up his forehead. Surprise isn’t a good look on him. “Partner? Already? Really? Have you even been here a year?”
“Yes, well, when there aren’t asshole boyfriends around to steal my promotions, I somehow manage to achieve them.”
“Ouch,” he says, slapping a hand against his chest as if I’ve shot him. If only.
“What do you want, Marcus? I have real meetings to prepare for.”
“You are as cold-blooded as I remember, aren’t you?”
“Colder,” I assure him, despite my earlier self-revelation. But he doesn’t need to know that I might be going soft. After all, maybe I’m not. Maybe this visit is all I needed to remind me of what’s important in my life. My plan. My goals. My career.
He gives my boots a disdainful look. “Your taste in footwear has certainly changed in the short time since we parted ways.”
I want to punch him. Only the fact that I am aware there are security cameras hidden in this room keeps me from doing so. Marcus is the type who would sue for something like that, and he’d hire lawyers who would demand to see the footage of our interaction. 
Damn it.
“You could say my perspective has changed.” Quite recently, as a matter of fact. “So are we done here? Did you just want to see for yourself that I managed to achieve what you stole from me last year?”
“Slow down. I didn’t steal anything. I earned that promotion fair and square.”
The laugh that bursts from me echoes and bounces off the walls. When it ends on a snort, I slap my hand over my mouth and snicker. Marcus, on the other hand, purses his lips and crosses his arms over his chest while he waits for me to pull myself under control.
“Sorry,” I say. “That was possibly the best joke you’ve ever told in your life.”
“You really have changed, haven’t you?”
Sobering, I nod. “Actually, yes. Trust me, you wouldn’t like the person I may be morphing into. Which is a good thing, actually. Means I’m doing it right. Now why don’t I show you the door?”
“I’m not done with you yet.”
I pause in the act of turning toward the door. “I’m done with you. Have been. For roughly a year, as a matter of fact.”
“Is it weird that this is turning me on?”
“Yes. Now get out.”
“Not quite yet. I have news. Must be why the owner sent you to speak to me. He wanted you to know first.”
Suspicion blooms in my mind. No, it doesn’t bloom; it explodes. Like that giant mushroom cloud over Japan when the United States exacted revenge for the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
“I’m coming to work here, Chloe. We’re going to be business associates again. Isn’t that great?”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

PAYNTER

I take the elevator to my brother’s floor and stride past his assistant. “Morning, Myra.” 
“Good morning, Paynter,” Myra singsongs from her desk outside James’s office. She’s been an amiable face since James founded his company, even when his offices were half the size of the building they currently inhabit, but she glances icily at his door as she shoos me through. “He’s expecting you.” 
“Thanks.” Hurrying past her, I step inside James’s domain and automatically drift toward the coffeemaker. There’s already a cup perched on a coaster on his desk where he’s clicking the button on his mouse, a grim twist to his lips. Fixing a cup of joe in a mug beside the machine, I take it with me and drop into one of the chairs on the opposite side of his desk. “One of those mornings, huh?” 
“What?” James lifts his head, giving me his partial attention, though his gaze strays to the computer screen. “Oh, not really, no more than usual.” 
“But something’s up.” I sip the dark brew. 
“There’s a meeting going on downstairs.” He pushes away from his computer and gives me his full attention. “But that’s not what you’re here for.” 
“No,” I agree. Although my mind is currently in the same boardroom as his. “I’ll run the updates this morning and make sure there aren’t any glitches in the system. Once it’s looking good, you’ll just have to let me know if you need it tweaked at all.” 
“Right. I’ll let you get on with it.” His attention is drawn back to the screen and he leans forward. 
“What on earth are you watching over there? Porn?” I’m half-tempted to circle his desk and take a peek. 
“Of course not.” He flicks a quick glare my way then drums his fingers on the edge of his desk. “What do you know about security systems and audio?” 
“That’s not really my wheelhouse.” I go to set my cup down then realize I don’t have a coaster and don’t want to be harangued for it. “Some, maybe. Enough. Why?” 
“We’ve been having some difficulty with the audio from downstairs. I’d wait for the security firm to deal with it, but they’re not available until mid-week.” 
“And you want it now?” Chloe is downstairs in a meeting right now. Is that who he wants to spy on? Is he worried her performance is slipping because of me? He’s the one who thought I’d be good for her. “Tell me you aren’t snooping on that conference downstairs. I never thought you’d turn into that boss. We both know Chloe is dedicated to you.”
A little too much. 
“Can you fix it or not?” He huffs. 
“It won’t be a problem with the program because it was working before. Someone probably just fooled around with something they shouldn’t. And as long as it hasn’t been manually turned off downstairs, it should be an easy fix.” Circling the desk, I reach over his shoulder to click through to the security program. I may have to retrace his steps if he’s fiddled with the program. My brother is brilliant in his field but almost mind-bendingly lacking in any kind of tech skills. “Have you tried anything to fix it?” 
“If you’re about to tell me to turn it off and then on again…” he grumbles in warning. 
“I would never.” I click my tongue to avoid snickering. If he hasn’t learned yet, he certainly isn’t going to. Scanning the pages as I bring them up, I click through to the advanced controls section. 
The guy in the room with Chloe is a slick piece of work. Facing her in his expensive tailored suit and gelled hair, he exposes a row of perfectly white teeth. My hackles rise as he smoothly shifts into her personal space. James threw her in to swim with a shark. Though clearly it doesn’t faze her if the way she converses with him is anything to go by. Actually, she looks to be in her element. 
“She can handle herself,” James says, eerily reading my mind. “I’m more interested in why one of our competitors would request a meeting.” 
One push of a button later and audio bursts through the speakers of his computer.
“Clearly, you’re mistaken. Now should I ask security to escort you out of the building, or can you find your own way out?” 
“That’s all you have to say?” The guy adjusts the knot in his tie. “I thought—”
“I really do have to cut this meeting short.” Chloe strides to the door and holds it open for him. “Next time you want to waste our company’s valuable time, don’t.” 
When he gets to her side, he hesitates, reaching out to touch her elbow in an overly friendly manner. “Chloe, do you think we could forget about this meeting? I’d prefer if we could keep it between us.” 
And then she gives him this withering look, glancing at his hand and up to his face. “It’s Ms. Green to you, and trust me, this conference has been recorded. Now if you don’t mind...”
My face mirrors his as he cringes. This is why James said she could handle herself, but damn she’s ruthless. 
Then he’s no longer in the visual, and a few short seconds later neither is Chloe. James turns off the audio and rises to his feet. “Join me for golf on Saturday? We’ll have lunch at the club.” 
“Sure.” I want to tell him that I’d rather spend naked Saturday with Chloe, but I’m not sure she’ll be willing to go for that after I confess James has known about us for a while. And with the frosty display we just witnessed, I’m not thrilled at the idea of her turning that same cold attitude toward me. Though he was a competitor and I’m not, so I’m uncertain of why I get this nervous feeling about my next conversation with her. 
 “I have a lunch meeting at eleven-thirty,” he says, coming around his desk and ushering me toward the open door to his office. “And I should probably speak to Chloe before I leave. Text me if you need. Otherwise I’ll see you Saturday.” 
“James, did you really consider hiring Marcus Newal?” Chloe rushes past Myra, not taking a breath between words. “The man has no ethics, no morals. He’s a thief and a liar. I’ve worked with him before so I know he’s not the kind of person you would want to represent you.” She halts abruptly as she comes close enough to notice me. “Oh, you have company.” 
Company? Seriously? 
James gives us both a confused look. “Chloe, you know my brother, Paynter.” 
Of course she does. Intimately, some might say.  
“Oh yes, actually, we’re neighbors, aren’t we?” She smiles overly brightly, while her gaze doesn’t quite meet mine before going back to James. 
“Neighbors?” Well it isn’t a lie exactly. Her trying to hide the truth might be funny if it weren’t for the fact that she’d rather deny having any kind of relationship with me than drop her heavy hitting corporate act for one second. “Is that all?” 
“We’re acquainted.” 
“Oh, come on, is this some strange foreplay between the two of you?” James asks. “Why are you acting like you don’t know him?”
“I asked you not to tell your brother,” Chloe exclaims.
I hold my hands up in surrender as she glares at me. “He already knew. I was going to tell you the next time we had a chance to talk.” 
“So you told him, but you didn’t think it was pertinent information to tell me? Your brother’s my boss, and my career is in his hands.”  
“Look, Chloe, it’s not that cut-and-dried,” James offers. “You’ve met Garrett and his big mouth.” 
“Garrett filled him in after that night you came over when we were drunk.” I duck between James and the door to get to Chloe. 
“But James didn’t know who I was.” Holding her ground, she touches her hair. “You lied to me. You knew he already knew and you told me you would keep it our secret. I’m sleeping with my boss’s brother. In what office is that a good idea?” 
“I shouldn’t have gotten distracted and told you I wouldn’t tell him. I’m sorry for that.” I try to take her hand, but she pushes it away. 
“It’s really not an issue,” James says. “If that’s your main concern then I have to tell you, you’ve been on the short list for promotion for a while now.” 
“A promotion that’s well deserved after that display we just witnessed,” I agree sarcastically. She certainly deserves her spot at the top of the corporate shark tank. 
James groans. 
Chloe ignores him. “What display? I came from the conference room. Where there are security cameras.” Cluing in, she raises an eyebrow at James. “You were watching?”
“Paynter was taking a look at a bug in the program,” James admits. 
She taps the toe of her boot on the carpet as she stares me down. “So on top of telling your brother all about us, you just decided it would be a good idea to watch me in action while I dealt with our competitor?”
“Yes, but it’s not like I wanted to watch you rip shreds off that guy. James wanted me to check the audio because it wasn’t coming through with the picture. And why the hell am I explaining myself like I’ve done something wrong? I know you didn’t want James to know, and no doubt you would have preferred to have control over how he found out, but it’s not that big a deal.” 
“Yes, it is. There’s an unwritten rule when it comes to dating colleagues and members of the boss’s family. I learned my lesson the last time, when my career plan was completely derailed. That guy who was here earlier? The competition? Yeah, I dated him. And he stole my promotion. I had to start from the bottom again, and I’m not going to jeopardize my career again. Not for—” Her eyes widen as she stumbles over the last couple of words. 
“Hold up.”  She dated that shark? Is he the reason she’s so neurotic about relationships and her career to the point where she’s almost ready to throw ours away just because my brother is her boss? “Don’t you think you’re taking this a bit far? James clearly doesn’t have an issue, so I’m not sure why you’re so worked up about it.”
“Of course you wouldn’t. But this is my career, Paynter. I won’t let you ruin everything I’ve worked so hard to achieve.” 
“Are you seriously suggesting that I would sabotage your career?” 
“Well, you do hate plans. And you told your brother about us when I asked you not to.” 
“I told him before I even knew you worked for him.”
She ignores me, directing her attention to James. She touches one of the diamonds at her ear and lifts her nose in the air. “I am so sorry about this. Would you mind if I took an early lunch?” 
It’s a gut punch, an almost déjà vu moment, only the last time a woman made me feel like I was little more than a hindrance I told myself I was done with women like that.   
"Why don't you take the rest of the day off?” James glances at his watch. “You and Paynter should probably use the afternoon to sort this out. Come in tomorrow morning with renewed focus.” 
“There’s nothing between your brother and I to sort out. But thank you. I’ll see you tomorrow, and I promise I’ll be back to my usual self.” 
“Hang on.” I grab her elbow. “Did you mean that?” 
“My career is my priority.” She flicks her gaze at me. “I thought I was clear on that point.” 
I drop her arm and she races back the way she came, around the corner to where the elevators are. I honestly have no fucking clue what I was thinking, getting involved with another neurotic, power-hungry princess. It’s amazing how easily some sexy lingerie and a few breathy uses of my name can make me forget that I don’t just dislike her kind. I swore on one well-hung chandelier that I was done with them. 
Done with Queen B. 
And now done with Chloe “Oh God, my promotion” Green, who I am not going to chase down yet again. She can go ahead and run in those spindly heels of hers. The ones she isn’t actually wearing, thankfully, because otherwise she’d probably break an ankle or snap her neck with the way she bolts.   
“So that was interesting,” James says as we both return to his office. “What are you going to do about it?” 
“Nothing.” I shrug. What is there to do about it? “I’m pretty sure she just ended whatever was between us for the sake of her career. Or at least that’s what it sounded like, didn’t it?” 
And why would I want to get more deeply involved with anyone like that? Just because when she’s not acting like her head’s lodged up her butt, she’s the most sexy, adorable woman I’ve ever met doesn’t mean she’s not completely unbalanced when it comes to her goddamn plans.  
“You know, I don’t think I’ve ever seen her so out of sorts.” James collects his briefcase from under the desk. “Maybe that means something and maybe it doesn’t, but it might be worth looking into.” 
“I’m not sure I want to find out,” I tell him as we head for the elevators. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

CHLOE

Why is it whenever I momentarily lose control over my life, it’s always because of a man? Marcus, who I thought would be the Mr. Corporate to my Ms. Corporate, until he backstabbed me. James, my boss, who has been grooming me to be a partner in his company and who has never seen me as anything less than the perfect business associate, witnessed me lose my cool with his brother. In his office, no less. I’ll be lucky if I have a job to go back to tomorrow, and I know I can kiss that partnership good-bye.
And then there’s Paynter. I don’t even know what to think about him. I want him, I probably could have had him, if not for that scene with Marcus. I thought he’d seen me at my worst when he caught me hanging laundry on my clothesline, but to him, watching me give my ex a dressing down while wearing one of my power suits is far, far worse.
Because it reminds him of his ex and the reasons they aren’t together anymore.
I swipe at annoying tears and then flip on the wipers to clear away the raindrops battering the windshield. I’m almost home. In a few minutes I can slip inside my second-best house and lock the doors and turn off all the lights and drown myself in a bottle of wine and a two-pound bag of peanut M&Ms. I might just add a bag of Sour Patch Kids to the mix. Sugar always makes me feel better. At least until the stomach ache hits, but right now, I don’t care about consequences. I just want to disappear, be alone, wallow in my misery for a while. Reality will still be here tomorrow. Unfortunately.
Damn it, I hate crying. I brush away more tears and sniffle, and then I dig around in the console, searching for a tissue or a napkin, something to wipe my dripping nose. I guide the car down my street and then glance down when something stabs my palm. A pen. Not going to help get the waterworks under control. 
Shifting my focus back to the road, I let out a shriek as I clench the steering wheel and slam both feet against the brake. The car skids to a stop, but I feel it anyway. A bump. Ohmigod, I hit something. Please tell me it was a squirrel or a raccoon or a mongoose or better yet, a rat. An animal I have no concern for whatsoever.
But as I scramble out of the car, practically falling on my ass on the wet pavement, I know it was not a rat. Whatever hopped out in front of my vehicle and then stopped and stared, mesmerized, was too big to be a rat. It was brown with floppy ears and a big white spot on its head.
It wasn’t a rat.
“Please tell me this is not happening.” Now I’m talking to myself. “This day has been bad enough, but this, this will definitely be the pinnacle. This will—oh no, it is!”
Spot is lying on the pavement, one leg twisted at an odd angle. She looks up at me and shakes her head, sending water droplets everywhere, and then she lets out this pitiful bleat that is nearly my undoing. 
When she tries to stand, I drop to the ground and gently lift her into my lap, cradling her like the injured animal she is. She strains her neck and gives my face a swipe with her tiny pink tongue and somebody makes a sobbing noise. Shit, that’s me. I’m crying like a baby, bawling because I’ve just hit my goat with my car and I don’t know what to do now. I’ve never taken care of anyone but myself, and clearly I’ve done a lousy job at that, if my current predicament is any indication. So how am I supposed to fix this goat that I broke in the first place?
I hear the rumble of an engine over the sound of the rain splattering the ground, and it grows louder, indicating a car has turned down the street. I duck down, my wet hair slapping against my cheek. Burying my head against Spot’s sopping coat, I hope whoever it is isn’t a Good Samaritan and just keeps going. I don’t want to deal with any of my neighbors right now. I don’t have the strength to explain that yes, this is a goat in my arms, and yes, I hit it with my car, and yes, I’m crying because damn it, I didn’t mean to hurt her.
“Chloe? What are you doing down there?”
Of course it has to be that neighbor, although I’m actually relieved. Although I’m not thrilled that he’s seeing me sitting on the ground with wet hair, a ruined suit, and black mascara that’s probably streaking down my cheeks. 
On the plus side, he seems to have a decent amount of goat knowledge, so maybe he’ll know what to do about Spot’s injuries.
He crouches and peers at me through rain-speckled glasses. “Why are you sitting on the ground in the rain? What’s wrong with Spot?”
“I hurt her.” I practically wail the words, the last one catching on a sob. Another escapes and then another, and then I’m a snivelling, snotty, soaked mess. So maybe Paynt hasn’t yet seen me at my worst. Until now.
“How?” he asks, not sounding fazed in the least over my pitiful crying.
“I-I-I...” I can’t even get the words out. “Tissue. Console. Wasn’t looking. Wh-what was she doing in the road?”
“Did you run her over?” He jerks out a hand to touch her fur, letting out a sigh when he feels her sides rise and fall with her breaths.
“Slammed on the brakes. But I think I-I t-tapped her or something. Her leg.” I finally sit up enough that he can bend over and inspect the animal, who seems perfectly fine with all the attention and especially seems to like the lapel of his coat, which she starts munching on until he leans out of reach. 
“We should take her to the vet. I’m worried her leg might be broken,” he says.
“The vet?” Of course. I’m such an idiot. Even a dog and cat veterinarian would know how to inspect a baby goat for damages, I would think. “We?”
He shakes his head and hooks his hand under my arm, pulling me up with the goat clutched to my chest. “Yes, Chloe, we. As in you and I. Together. As a couple. A couple of goat parents.”
I half laugh, half sob. “I’m no goat parent. I can’t even take care of myself.” 
“According to Garrett, they don’t give out manuals when the kid is born, and unless you want to listen to the advice of a thousand people—all of whom will tell you something different—you’re pretty much going to have to wing it.”
I don’t think he’s talking about goats.
“Come on,” he says, guiding me toward his vehicle. “Let’s get you out of the rain. I’m sure we can figure this out together.” 
I sit on the plush leather of his BMW’s passenger seat, despite the fact I’m pretty sure my backside is caked with mud or, at the very least, soaked with rainwater. 
“I’ll be right back,” he says, and he jogs to my car. I watch as he climbs into the driver’s seat and moves my Cadillac closer to the curb before killing the engine and heading back toward me. When he slides into the driver’s seat, he hands me my purse, and my brain finally kicks into gear.
“This isn’t your problem. I can handle this. Taking her to the vet is entirely logical. I’m sorry to have bothered you. I hope I haven’t ruined your seat. I’ll pay to have it detailed.” I reach for the door handle and he grabs my arm, giving me a squeeze to draw my attention.
“This is too my problem. That’s my goat, remember? You gave her to me.”
“But—”
“So I need to ensure she’s taken care of, and since you were actually there when she was injured, it’s only fair you come with me.” He doesn’t wait for me to argue. Shifting the gear, he does a U-turn in the middle of the road and starts cruising away from our houses.
We ride in silence for a few minutes, until he says, “So, you want to tell me about him?”
“Not really.”
“Why don’t you anyway?”
Hugging the goat to my chest, I stare at the rain battering the windshield. After that blow up in James’s office, I’m not sure what to tell him. The truth is, I am just like Bernadette, or I was when I was with Marcus. And I haven’t changed all that much, even if I am comfortable hanging out in sweats with Paynter when I’m not at work. But that meeting with Marcus proved I’m that other woman, too. The one Paynter doesn’t want to be with. 
As if he knows I need time to gather my thoughts or maybe I need to hear someone else’s story, he starts talking.
“We were almost engaged. I had a ring. We dated for five years. The entire time, she was grooming me to be the perfect socialite’s husband. Except I didn’t give a shit about all that superficial stuff she cared about, so I wasn’t very good at following her rules. But I thought I loved her, so I kept trying and I kept failing, and our fights kept getting worse.
“In the meantime, we started house shopping. I had no interest whatsoever in moving into our neighborhood, and I sure as hell had no interest in the house I got stuck with when we ended. But at least I got out with my balls intact. My brothers were starting to worry toward the end.”
I smile, because I can almost visualize the conversation between him and James. And Garrett already made it damn clear how he felt about Paynter’s ex. 
“Bernadette.”
“Yep. Queen B, as my siblings call her.”
“She picked out that chandelier.”
“Sure did. Wrote it into the damn purchase agreement that it had to be installed before she would move in.”
A thought strikes me. “You just moved in. So you and Bernadette haven’t been separated for very long.”
“Don’t get any ideas in your head, Chloe. We’re through. We were through for months before she walked out without warning. It’s been about four months since she supposedly moved to California. I closed on the house but didn’t move in right away. I debated flipping it immediately, but I knew I’d take a bath financially, and frankly, I just don’t give a shit about Bernadette anymore. So I figured I’d move in, live in it for six months or a year, and if I didn’t like it, sell it. Hopefully, I could make at least what I paid for it.”
He reaches across the console and cups my thigh. Spot licks his hand.
“I don’t regret it at all that I made that choice. I think I might be developing a thing for my neighbor.”
A thing. 
He stops for a red light, and I stare at water gushing from a broken gutter on the building to my right instead of asking him to clarify what he means, mostly because I think I know and I’m not sure I’m ready to address such a complication. Since he moved in next door, my life has become so twisted, I hardly recognize it anymore. The strangest part is, I’m beginning to think I don’t mind. But admitting that out loud is a bit more than I can handle right now.
He gives my thigh a squeeze, and it’s my turn to share. I’m not good at this, at opening up, talking about my past. I’ve worked so hard to bury it; bringing it to the surface is a frightening prospect. But then again, Marcus showing up at my office, claiming James had hired him … hell, my past just slapped me in the face. Maybe talking about it will help me get my equilibrium back.
“Marcus and I were that couple Bernadette was trying to turn you all into.” I say the words very fast, needing to get them out, past the initial stumbling stone. And then it gets easier to speak, as if I’ve cleared out a dam and the words could now flow like water.
“We were together for almost a year. He was exactly what I convinced myself I wanted in a husband. Connected, from the right family, good-looking—”
“What the hell am I, chopped liver?”
Rolling my eyes, I say, “I’d define you more as sexy.”
“I can live with that.”
“Anyway, Marcus was also successful but with plenty of opportunity to grow in his career. My career. We did the same thing. Do. We’re both in corporate real estate, both hungry, eager to make the next sale. We both like to see our names in the trade magazines. ‘Most Successful Under Forty.’ ‘People to Watch in Name-Your-Year.’ 
“We made a plan. We deliberately selected this neighborhood, your house—”
“My house?”
I nod. “I wanted your house. I’ve walked through it two dozen times, attended every single open house. I remember the chandelier that was there before you bought it.”
“If you wanted it so badly, how’d you end up next door?”
“Because I couldn’t afford your house without the promotion I was up for. That I knew I’d get. I knew it.”
“I assume we aren’t talking about my brother’s company here.”
“No. His biggest competitor, actually. And I trusted my boyfriend so much that he was able to steal my promotion from under my nose, and there wasn’t a damn thing I could do about it. Except, of course, quit both him and the job. Which I did.”
“Don’t forget your chance at future happiness.”
I don’t contradict him. That hadn’t been my plan, of course, but I’m beginning to fear it’s worked out that way. “I didn’t want to get hurt again. And I didn’t want to fail again.”
“You didn’t fail. You got screwed. Big difference. And frankly, that guy’s a raging asshole, so you should consider yourself lucky you didn’t get saddled with him.”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe?” He practically barks the word as he guides the car into a parking space in front of a house that has been converted into a veterinary clinic. “You know what I’m sick and tired of, Chloe? Your lack of confidence. Even when you’re wearing those sexy little suits and walking around like there’s a stick up your ass, you’re still just waiting for someone to come along and knock you down a few pegs.” 
He slams out of the car, and for a minute I think he’s going into the clinic without us, expecting me to hurry along behind him. But then the passenger side door is pulled open and he’s standing outside under an umbrella, holding the door and waiting for me to climb out.
Is he right about me?
Cradling Spot in my arms, I carefully exit the vehicle and we hurry toward the building. When we step inside, the reception greets us with a smile and a, “Who do we have here?”
“I’m Chloe and this is Paynter—”
“Not you, silly. Who’s this adorable creature in your arms?”
I look down at the animal, who I swear is preening. “Spot,” I supply. “She’s-she’s a goat.”
“She’s a cutie,” the bubbly woman corrects me. “We don’t see many of these guys. Lucky for you, though, our doctor not only did his residency on a farm, but he grew up on one, too. In fact, the only reason he’s here taking care of cats and dogs instead of out in the country, helping to birth calves and foals, is because his wife insisted she needs to be close to shopping.” She laughs at her own snarky comment while Paynter and I glance at each other and arch our brows at the same time.
“Come on, let’s get you into a room and I’ll let Dr. Benedict know you’re here.”
The room is maybe four by four square, with a sink and small counter in one corner and a stainless steel platform jutting into the middle of the space. Two well-used chairs are parked next to the wall. I seat myself on the one farthest from the door and try to contain a squirming Spot, while Paynt drops into the chair next to me.
“Every animal I’ve ever known has an inborn sense about the vet,” Paynter says casually, as if we haven’t left our previous conversation unfinished. “They always get agitated here.”
“I do have confidence,” I say, because I can’t stop thinking about what he said in the car. “I’m damn good at my job. Apparently, I’m good at picking out non-expensive boots that still look good. And I know how to do all the right things to make sure I’m pleasing to others.”
He glances at my legs. “Those the boots? Because they do look damn good on you. I wouldn’t mind seeing what you look like in those and nothing else.”
I feel my cheeks heat as a man with a head full of white hair steps into the room and clears his throat before introducing himself as Dr. Benedict. “What’s going on with our little fella today?” he asks as he extracts Spot from my arms and carries her over to the stainless steal platform. A woman wearing blue scrubs steps into the room, ready to assist with whatever he plans to do with my goat. Paynter’s goat.
Our goat?
He pokes and prods Spot, checks her ears and inside her mouth, bends and twists the three legs that are not obviously broken, and then sticks a thermometer up the kid’s butt, which causes her to bleat pitifully. I wrap my arms around myself to keep from reaching out to the poor animal, which is looking at me with accusation in her eyes. I can’t believe I ran over my own goat.
Our goat.
I glance over at Paynter and we lock gazes. He’s staring at me while I’m watching the goat. Is that accusation in his eyes, too?
“So tell me what happened to her,” the vet says.
“I...”
“She was hit by a car. I don’t think the car was going very fast, though.”
Paynter’s covering for me.
The vet purses his lips and does some more poking and prodding, much to Spot’s annoyance. “I’d like to take her to the back for x-rays, see if there’s any internal damage, and to check out this leg. Then I’ll set the leg in a cast and let you know if I need to do anything else. Okay?”
“Sounds good,” Paynt says before I can, and then with a nod, the vet and his assistant both leave the room, taking my bleating goat with them.
Our goat. 
“Why didn’t you let me admit I hit her?”
He shrugs and slouches lower in his chair. “Does it matter who hit her? To him, I mean?”
I guess not. I didn’t do it on purpose. The vet doesn’t have to fear animal cruelty. “How did she get out anyway?”
I’m surprised by Paynt’s blush. “The pen isn’t done, so I had her outside on a lead. I was running late to meet James and I forgot I left her out until I got to his office. The lead was a chain, so I thought she’d be okay. But I guess she figured out how to get out of her collar.”
“She certainly appears to be an escape artist. Our goat is Houdini.”
“She is. Our goat.”
Canting my head, I look at him and say, “Why does it sound like we’re talking like we’re a family?” 
“Maybe because we are. Or at least I am. Because I think that’s what I want. You and me, taking care of Spot. Together.”
My heart pitter-patters. Is he saying what it sounds like he’s saying?
“But.” 
Uh-oh. I hold my breath while he pauses. 
“But first, I need you to be you. This thing I want, I want it with you. The real you, not the person you try to present to the world. I want the woman who hangs her laundry on the line, who’s comfortable walking around in sweats and her hair up in a ponytail. Or better yet, in my sweatshirt. God, you are sexy as fuck when you’re wearing my clothes.”
I lift my right leg. “I wore cheap boots today. That has to count for something, doesn’t it?”
“I’m not talking about your clothing choices, Chloe. I’m talking about your state of mind. You said you and that asshat were the couple Bernadette was trying to turn the two of us into, but I don’t think you were happy as that couple. Were you?”
Was I? I mean, before I knew Marcus was a backstabbing bastard, was I happy? “I think ... I think I got caught up in the dream. I wanted to be this ... this strong, powerful woman, and the only way I figured I could do it was through my career. So my entire life has been about my career. I’m not even sure I was in love with him in the first place. I think I was into the idea of being in love with someone who was just like me.”
“And are you happy?”
“With my career? Yes, actually.”
“Are you happy?” He drapes his arm across the back of the chairs and leans toward me, his eyes serious, his beautiful face pensive.
I know what he’s asking. Am I happy in general? Is my life complete? Or am I missing something? Something big.
“Like love.”
“Huh?” he says, confusion crawling across his face.
I turn my body toward him and reach out, grasping the lapels of his coat. “I am happy. But that’s because I met you. I’m happy in my career and my personal life. I don’t think I’ve ever felt this way before. Hell, I didn’t believe I could actually have both things, not after Marcus.”
His grin is slow and cocky, at least it is until I jerk him forward so that his lips crash into mine and his glasses get knocked askew. He’s a quick study, though. It takes him no time at all before one of his hands is tangled in my damp hair while the other slides along my hip to squeeze my ass. With our lips still locked, I climb into his lap, straddling him and the chair, stabbing my fingers through his hair, tilting my head, my tongue warring with his, while I grind against his erection like a sixteen-year-old who desperately wants to lose her virginity. 
What I really want is to lose these clothes. All of them. I want to be skin on skin, touching every part of him, while he explores every inch of my body. I want to feel him all over me, inside me. Oh, how I want him inside me.
“Let’s get naked,” I mumble around our kiss while I begin working at the buttons on his shirt. He laughs and clamps his hand over mine.
“We’re in the vet’s office, Chloe. Not exactly the right place.”
A throat clearing from behind me makes me cringe. Reluctantly, I glance over my shoulder at the white-haired doctor holding a sedated and freshly bathed Spot in his arms. Her back left leg is wrapped in white plaster. The lady in scrubs who was in the room earlier is standing behind them, holding what dog and cat owners call a cone of shame, which I presume is for Spot. Poor kid.
I climb off Paynter’s lap, smooth my skirt and hair, sit down in my own chair with as much dignity as I can possibly muster, and force myself to look up at the older gentleman as if he hadn’t just caught us making out in one of his waiting rooms.
“Keep that up and you’ll end up making some human kids to keep this one company,” the vet pipes up before chuckling and placing Spot on the stainless steel examination table. Paynt snickers and I punch him in the arm. 
“Okay, now that you’re composed, tell me something. How did you come about this goat?” the doctor asks.
I glance at Paynter. “Uh, she was wandering around in my backyard.”
He nods. “Do you live anywhere near the Gibraltar Goat Farm?”
“Gibraltar Goat Farm…” I repeat slowly, trying to place it in my head.
“Yeah,” Paynt says. “It’s across the lake from us. Probably ten, fifteen miles driving, but if she wandered through the fields and around the lake, it’s not too far.”
“How do you know that?” I ask him.
“I told you I was into goats when I was a kid. That farm always took a ton of ribbons and trophies at the 4H fair. They breed some pretty impressive animals.”
The vet nods again. “Including this one. They reported her missing about a week ago.”
My heart plummets to my feet. We have to give up Spot. I hate the idea. I feel like Spot may have brought us together, and I want her to be part of our family.
He extracts a business card from his pocket and offers it to Paynter and I. “I’ll let you call them.”
I stare at the card, embossed with the picture of a shaggy white goat. “What do goat farms do?”
“This one raises angora goats. Uses their coats to make clothing. They also produce milk and cheese. And occasionally, meat for dog food.”
“Meat for dog food?” I turn to Paynter, wide eyed.
“Relax,” he says, squeezing my shoulder. “She’s just a baby. They aren’t going to chop her up for dog food.”
They better not. Not my Spot.
Our Spot.
“Okay,” the vet says, motioning for us to join him at the stainless steel table. “Come on over here and let me explain what’s going to happen here. This little girl is going to need some T.L.C. over the next few weeks, and once the sedatives wear off, she’s probably not going to be too happy about it. Let me give you an idea of what you’re in for...”
Paynter and I both stand. I glance at him. He smiles. And then he grasps my hand, squeezing.
“We can handle this,” he says.
I hope he’s right.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

CHLOE

Spot is sound asleep in my arms when we arrive at Paynter’s house.
“Bring her inside and let’s put her in the bed I set up in the laundry room.”
I do as he suggests, but I don’t have the heart to wrap that stupid plastic contraption around her head, not when she looks so peaceful and innocent. 
When I step into the kitchen, Paynt greets me with a glass of wine and a smile. “Hey.”
“Hey.”
Before we can get deeper into conversation, my phone chimes from inside my purse. I dig it out and see James’s name on the screen. “I have to take this,” I say, showing Paynt the screen before answering.
“Everything good?” James asks.
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“I meant between you and Paynter.”
“Oh. Um, sure. We’re fine. Thanks for asking.”
“Great. So have you thought about the promotion?”
“The what?” 
Paynter is leaning against the counter, one ankle crossed over the other, holding a glass of wine and watching me. I turn away from the sight.
“Did you say promotion?”
“Yes. I told you when you and Paynt were in my office. I’d like to give you a promotion. Especially after the way you handled that asshole from the competition, I can’t think of anyone better to handle our new Kansas office.”
“Kansas? As in two states away?” I glance over my shoulder at Paynt, who’s staring at me like he’s waiting for something to happen. I hurry through the arched doorway into the formal dining room. 
“I see you know your geography. Yes, that’s the Kansas I’m referring to. It’s a wide open market. I’m looking to expand, and I think that’s a great place to start. And you’re the person I want to run that office.”
“You … want me to run an office for you?” Never mind that he thinks Kansas is the place to start expanding; this is even more than I’ve dreamed. Me, in charge of an entire office. Brand new, something I can grow from the ground up. I’m practically vibrating with excitement.
Paynter steps up behind me. “What’s this about Kansas?” he asks.
“Nothing,” I say and move into the foyer. 
“Yes,” James is saying. “You’re my number one. You’re perfect. Say you’ll do it, Chloe.”
“Um…” What about Paynter? What about Spot? What about us?
What about my dream? I’ve worked so hard for this, and my train was knocked off the rails once, entirely out of my control. This time, it’s up to me. If the guy gets in the way, it’s on me. My choice, my decision.
My life.
A thud draws my attention and I turn to see Paynter dragging a ladder into the foyer. “What on earth are you doing?” I ask.
He sets up the ladder slightly to the right of the chandelier. “I’m sick of this thing. I know you hate it, and I hate it too. It’s time for it to go.” He stalks from the room again.
“What’s going on?” James asks.
“Paynt is planning to take down the chandelier.”
“Tell him to leave that to the professionals.”
The foyer goes dark, which I assume is because Paynt turned off the electricity. A few moments later, he’s back, carrying a pair of bolt cutters. “James says you should leave that to the professionals,” I tell him.
“Really? What does James know about taking down chandeliers?”
“As much as you do, I assume. Which is why he suggested calling someone.”
“Tell him to mind his own damn business. And why are you two talking about Kansas and a promotion in the same conversation?”
“He—he offered me a promotion.” I’m still holding the phone to my ear and I’m watching Paynt, who is standing near the base of the ladder, gripping the bolt cutters.
“In Kansas?” He says it like the words leave a bad taste in his mouth.
“Yes?” My inflection makes it sound like a question, because I’m not quite ready to have this conversation. It’s all so new, all so much to absorb.
“Are you going to take it?” Paynt demands.
“I don’t know. He just asked two seconds ago. I’m still processing.”
“What’s to process? It’s a yes or no answer.”
“What’s your problem?”
He throws his hands into the air. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe the fact that you’re seriously giving this move consideration? Like you really plan to move to fucking Kansas.”
“Wait a minute,” I say, pulling the phone away from my ear and clenching my fists at my sides. “Why wouldn’t I give it serious consideration? This is exactly what I’ve been working for since the minute I graduated from grad school.”
“What about us?” he says, echoing my thoughts. When I don’t answer right away, he grabs the ladder and begins climbing toward the top.
“What are you doing?”
“Cutting down this goddamn thing. I’m sick of looking at it.”
James has probably hung up by now, so I set my phone on the bannister and stalk over to the ladder. “Come down here so we can talk like civilized human beings.”
“What the hell is there to talk about? You’re moving to Kansas. You don’t even need to confirm it. This is your dream, remember?”
“Yes, I remember, and yes, we need to talk about it. Maybe … maybe I’ll turn it down.”
He’s at the top, positioning the cutters around the base of the chandelier. 
“Did you hear me?”
He slams the tool onto the top of the ladder. “Yes, I heard you. And I think you’re an idiot for even thinking about turning it down.”
I grasp the ladder and stare up at him. “Wait a minute. Didn’t you just say ‘What about us’?”
“Yeah, I did. But I’m not an asshole. This is your dream. Your future. Everything you’ve worked for. So yes, I think you’re an idiot if you turn it down.”
“So what about us?”
He shrugs and starts to work at cutting down the chandelier again. “It’s only been a few weeks. You can’t base your future on something this new.”
“What I can’t do is have this conversation while you’re way up there and I’m down here.”
“It’s going to have to wait then. I can’t take living with this stupid phallic light fixture anymore.”
“Fine.” I grasp the side of the ladder and step onto the first rung. “Then I’ll come up to you.”
I climb the ladder, going up the opposite side from where Paynter is standing on the third rung from the top, staring down at me as if I’ve just announced I’m joining the circus.
“What the hell are you doing? You’re going to get us both killed. Get off the damn ladder, Chloe.”
“No. Not until you hear me out.”
“I can hear you just fine from here.”
I speak as I climb, one rung at a time. “Yes, but you aren’t listening. And this is important. I need to look you in the eye.”
That eye is wide, warily watching me. “Fine. I’ll go down.”
“Too late,” I say, having successfully reached the top. I place my hands on top of his, which are gripping the sides of the ladder. “I’m here now, so we might as well have that chat.”
He glances at the ground. “I’d rather talk with both feet planted down there. Closer to Earth. I’m not in a very good mood, Chloe, and whatever you plan to say is probably going to make my mood even fouler.”
“Paynter, stop,” I say, stomping my foot for emphasis. Which shakes the ladder. He pulls his hands out from under mine and reaches for me. Which tilts the ladder. The cutters slide off the side and Paynter tries to grab them. 
“Oh no.”
“Shit! Grab the chandelier, Chloe,” he shouts, and I do exactly what he says as the ladder falls sideways and crashes to the tiles, leaving us both hanging from the long, narrow light fixture, staring at each other, swaying gently above the ground, which is a good twelve feet below us. I see fear and trepidation in his eyes. I’m sure it’s mirrored in my own. This is not an ideal situation, not by a long shot. Still...
“Can we talk now?”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” he shouts, and the chandelier shivers from the vibration. He glances down. “How the hell are we supposed to get down from here?”
“I love you, Paynter.”
“Goddamn it, Chloe, I said—wait. What did you just say?” His gaze flies to my face. I’m smiling serenely, trying not to gloat. He is about to be stuck with this stubborn woman. I’m not even worried that he can handle me. I know he can.
“I said I love you.”
“Okay, I admit it; I did not see that coming.”
“I can tell.”
“You climbed up the wrong side of a ladder to tell me that?”
“Well, and that I don’t want to go anywhere unless it’s with you.”
“You’re talking about the promotion, right?”
“Yes. I don’t want to take it. Well, I do, but only if you go with me. I don’t want a long-distance relationship. I want to sleep in the same bed with you, every single night. I don’t want to have phone sex. I want to have real sex, anytime I crave it. Which seems to be all the time these days. If you don’t want to go, I’ll turn it down. I—”
“Chloe, I really appreciate this revelation—seriously, I do. But I have to be honest here. I’d really, really rather have this talk when we’re both down there.” He nods at the floor.
I adjust my grip on the brass ring and glance down. “This was clearly not one of my better ideas.”
“Nope, it really wasn’t.”
“You don’t have to agree quite so readily.”
“Sweetheart, if the shoe fits...”
“Seriously? You’re calling me ‘sweetheart’ now? When we’re hanging twelve feet in the air and you’re calling me an idiot again?”
“I didn’t say you were an idiot.”
“You agreed this was an idiotic idea.”
“It was. But that doesn’t mean I love you any less. Probably more, actually. Assuming we figure out how to get down from here without breaking something.”
Letting it go—for the moment—I glance down again. “Okay, what do we do now?”
He nods at the railing running along the second story hallway overlooking the foyer. “If we can get enough momentum going, we should be able to swing it far enough that you can jump and make it over there. Then go downstairs and grab the ladder to get me down.”
“You’re insane.”
“Do you have a better idea?”
“Don’t you have your phone in your pocket? Can’t you call someone?”
“No, it’s not in my pocket, and besides, I’m not sure I want to let even one hand go at this point. How about if you climb down my body? That should get you close enough to jump to the ground without injuring yourself.”
Climbing his body sounds like a marvellous idea, although I’m certain we are not thinking on the same wavelength at the moment. “I’m way too heavy. You won’t be able to hold on.”
“Stop being so goddamn contrary and do as I say!”
Arching my brows, I say, “You’re kidding, right?”
He rolls his eyes. “Come on, Chloe. Work with me here. I’ve got a firm grip on this thing. You need to climb down my body. And you need to hurry, because I’m not confident it’s going to hold much longer. It’s not meant to carry all this weight, and I’ve already cut part of the chain.”
I don’t like his idea, but I don’t have any better ones and my arms are getting tired. Clearly I need to work on strengthening my upper body next time I make it to the gym. Sucking in a deep breath, I shift my hands sideways along the brass bar I’m clinging to, moving painstakingly slowly toward Paynter. This is not how I envisioned this afternoon would go. I was certain we would be naked by now, celebrating the beginning of what hopefully will be a forever happily ever after. Never would it have crossed my mind that we’d be hanging from a chandelier, far enough from the ground to be concerned about serious injury or even death should we fall.
There is an ominous sound, one of those scary, dark noises that only happens in the movies, and the chandelier shudders. I let out a shriek as the side Paynt and I are hanging from abruptly droops lower than the rest while dust and chunks of plaster rain down on us.
“Fuck. It’s coming out of the ceiling,” Paynter says. “Get over here, Chloe. We need to get the hell off this thing.”
“I’m moving as fast as I can.” 
“That’s not fast enough.”
“Are you always this damn bossy?”
“Normally you don’t complain.”
“Normally we aren’t hanging from a chandelier. But seriously, what about other important situations? Are you going to act like this? Because we’re likely to run into a few bumps in this road of life, and I want to know what I’ll be dealing with.”
“Can we get the hell down before starting this conversation?”
“I suppose, but—”
The door swings open and James steps into the foyer. “Holy Christ, you really are hanging from the chandelier.”
“How the hell did you know that?” Paynt asks.
James points at my phone, perched on the bannister. “Chloe never disconnected the call. I’ve been driving like a bat out of hell, listening to you two the whole damn time, hoping I made it here before you killed yourselves.”
“Well, hurry the hell up and get the ladder,” Paynter says, shaking his head, which causes the chandelier to shudder again. 
James must sense the danger of the situation—hell, we’re hanging from a chandelier, so I suppose it doesn’t take much to get the impression we might be in a tad bit of trouble. Within seconds he’s righted the ladder and holding it steady while I climb down first and then Paynter. As soon as his feet touch the ground, Paynt stretches out his arms and herds both of us out the front door.
And then the glass and brass monstrosity of a giant penis hanging from his ceiling comes crashing to the floor, sending shards of shrapnel every which way.
“Spot,” I yell.
“It’s okay,” Paynt says, gripping my arm. “The vet said she’d be out for hours.”
My legs start shaking, from the adrenaline rush, I guess, and I sink to the grass with a shudder. Paynt drops to the ground next to me.
James stands there and stares at the mess we can see through the open front door. “Well, Garrett can now no longer say Queen B has the biggest dick he’s ever seen.” He glances at Paynter. “Are you going to sweep it all up and ship it to her?”
Paynter shakes his head. “It’s going in the trash. Along with every other thing that might possibly tie me back to our relationship.” He rolls over and splays his hand on my chest, pushing me back against the grass. And then he’s hovering over me, his hands pressed to the ground on either side of my head. “Did you mean it?” he demands.
I glance at James, who is pretending to inspect his suit coat for lint or wrinkles.
“Maybe.”
“Not good enough. Say it again.”
“Wait, what are you talking about?”
“You told me you love me.”
“Oh. That. Yes, I meant it.”
“Then say it again.”
I glance at James again. Paynter shakes his head.
“This isn’t business. You’re off the clock. I want to hear it. I nearly died a minute ago. I think I deserve a heartfelt admission, even in front of my brother.”
“If you’re referring to being in love,” James says, “I already figured it out weeks ago.”
“Then why the hell are you trying to send her to Kansas?” Paynt demands.
James shrugs. “Chloe would be great running that location. Although, actually, the more I think about it, I may want to keep her here after all. She has a stellar reputation in Chicago, and I think it pulls in clients I might not otherwise secure.”
“I don’t want to go,” I blurt, watching Paynter and refusing to look at my boss. Probably, eventually, my brother-in-law.
“If that’s the way to your promotion, you’re going,” Paynter says. He glances at James. “She’s taking it.”
“No,” I insist. “I want to be here with you.”
“I can work from anywhere, and this promotion is what you’ve been working for, for what? Your entire adult life?”
“Yes, but I now realize that isn’t what’s most important. Love, happiness, finding my soul mate. You. That’s what’s important to me. The rest is just necessary to survive. Well, so are you. I don’t think I can live without you. I don’t want to try.”
“I just said I’ll go with you. If you’ll have me.”
I twist my hand into the front of his shirt. “I want you. Anyway I can get you. Anywhere I can have you.”
“Excuse me while I go barf,” James says, making gagging noises for emphasis.
Paynt chuckles. “You go do that. Meanwhile, I’m going to ravish the woman I love, right here on the front lawn.”
“That sounds divine,” I say, throwing my arms around his neck.
“Before you do that, Chloe, do you want the promotion?” James asks.
I stare into Paynter’s eyes while I respond to my boss. “I need some time to think about it.”
“Well, if it helps, I’d rather you stay here. And I’m willing to make you partner.”
Cupping my face, Paynter dips down for a kiss, licking his way into my mouth, his tongue dancing with mine. 
“Is that a yes?” James asks.
“Yes,” I say, the word muffled by Paynter’s lips.
“Good. My work here is done. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’d really rather not watch this display.”
I’m pretty sure he walked away at that point. Distantly, I hear the sound of a car motor revving, but I’m too focused on my man to pay much attention. 
I cling to Paynter, wrapping my legs around his waist and twisting my ankles behind his back. I hear a yip yip and I’m sure it’s Jersey housewife, taking her damn dog for a walk. For once, I don’t care that she’s witnessing Paynter and I practically having sex on the front lawn. Her condemnation means nothing to me. All I care about is what Paynt thinks. And judging by how swiftly his hand snakes under my shirt to cup my breast, I have a crystal clear idea what he’s thinking right now. 
“The only disappointing thing about not moving to Kansas,” he says, interrupting my thoughts as I try to determine if there’s a piece of furniture we haven’t yet christened, “is that for a minute, I was really looking forward to seeing you in a pair of sexy red heels. And nothing else.”
“We don’t need to go to Kansas for that to happen.” 

EPILOGUE

PAYNTER
Chloe stands in the entry to the kitchen, her phone in one hand, a smile spread from ear to ear, when I look up from the vegetables I’m preparing. It’s been a couple of weeks since the chandelier came crashing down, and Chloe and I finally came to an agreement on what this thing between us is. It’s not perfect by any means, but it is real and so far shifting from neighbors with benefits to a relationship that even Chloe’s colleagues know about has only made it clear that I’m in love with her. And that her first instinct is no longer to bolt. Though I admit I enjoyed the chase, I much prefer her toned legs wrapped around me, instead of running away. 
“What’s got you so happy?” I ask, moving to the sink to wash my hands. 
“That was the vice president of the homeowners’ association.” She glides toward me barefoot. “It seems your ex decided this neighborhood wasn’t for her after all.”
“That is good news,” I say. About a week ago, Bernadette contacted me to console me over my break-up with Chloe. She was irritated when I told her that her gossip was wrong, which led to some remark about Marcus Newal and how men these days always left something to be desired. That was the last of our conversation. 
“Her house is up for sale.” Chloe is practically buzzing with excitement. “And the board needs a new president.” 
“And you volunteered?” 
“Of course. It’s about time someone changed the bylaws to include goats as pets, don’t you think? We went to all the trouble to buy her from that goat farm. We don’t want Spot thinking she isn’t welcome in this community.” 
“You bought her. Hell knows, you wouldn’t let me get between you and acquiring our goat.” She refused to give me an inch, though I’d tried to talk her into letting me buy Spot, since I was the one who initially planned to keep her. 
“I’m sorry. It’s natural for me want to beat out competitors.” 
“She’s a goat, not property.” 
“Our goat. Our little mischief maker.” Chloe doesn’t stop smiling. It’s hard to believe the woman who couldn’t handle the idea of a goat in her yard just two months ago now looks at one as her pet. It’s fucking adorable, actually. 
“Mischief maker is right. She chewed up another pair of your heels this morning.” 
“She what? Oh no.” Chloe covers her mouth with her fingertips. “Which ones?” 
“The black and silver spiked heels.” 
“Damn it, Spot.” Her eyes get a little watery over the lost shoes. 
“Yeah, but I got you something.” I leave her to go to my office and come back with a box. 
“Louis Vuitton?” She reverently runs her hand over the top of the box while she eyeballs the insignia. “You didn’t.” 
“Open it.” 
She places the box on the countertop and opens it to find a pair of sparkly red heels. “They’re gorgeous.” She pulls one shoe out of the tissue paper and cradles it. “Exquisite, but I don’t need them.” 
My chest swells with warmth over the awe on her face. “Oh, I think you do. I’ve been fantasizing about you in those heels and nothing else all damn day.” 
“But they’re too much.” She slips her feet into them. “You have no idea how many times I tried on Louis Vuitton and put them back because they cost too much. And I have a decent salary.” 
“Remember those apps you asked about when I first told you what I did for a living? The ones you said you might know? I created them for the corporate sector. I made a few million from the sales on two of them. Just because I don’t like people who make their whole lives about showing off how important and wealthy they are doesn’t mean I don’t have the ability to buy you a pair of shoes if I want to.” 
“Well, I love them.” She sidles up to me, slipping her hand in the back pocket of my jeans. “And I love you.” 
“What did you say?” I rest my cheek against her hair. I know what she said, but I enjoy hearing it. 
“I love you, Paynter.” She rises on tiptoe and winds one arm around my neck. “Want to christen the counter again? I’ll leave the shoes on.” 
I groan deeply. She might hate cooking, but she loves, loves, loves the kitchen. “We can’t. James and Garrett are coming for dinner, remember?” 
“After?” She glances longingly at the surface. 
“We can start there.” I slowly rasp my lips over hers. “And move onto the dining table.” 
“And against the banister.” She deepens the kiss. 
“On the deck.” I grasp her ass in the navy pencil skirt she’s still wearing, and she winds her legs around my waist.  
“Your office.” Her fingers pluck at the buttons on my flannel shirt until each one comes undone. 
“Finish up by getting clean in the shower?” I murmur against her mouth. 
“Only if we can get dirty again in bed.” She yanks the material off my shoulders. 
With a sweep of my hand I send vegetables rolling across the counter and seat her in their place. Then I undo the necktie on her silk blouse. “I changed my mind. I don’t think I can wait.” 
***
A little while later, we’re showered, changed, have disinfected the counter, and we’re back in the kitchen getting ready for dinner with James and Garrett. It’s the first time we’ve done something like this with James, which makes me believe she might be coming around to the idea that she doesn’t always have to be on when it comes to her career. Or her boss. Our relationship is all about baby steps, just like teaching her to cook. 
“Are you certain you want me to do that?” Chloe turns her nose up at the tenderloins spread out on a tray. “After I burned potatoes boiling them, last time I tried to help cook, I’m not sure this is a good idea. Your brother is still my boss. What if I give him food poisoning?” 
I grin as I slide the salad vegetables I’ve cut up into a glass bowl. She’s so cute when she wrinkles her nose like that. “You’ve got this. The marinade’s already mixed. You just have to baste the meat. You’re not going to ruin the meat by painting it with flavor.” 
“You never know. I might.” She picks up the basting brush and the jar of my special BBQ mix. “And then I’d lose my job and my house and—”
“Enough of that.” I circle the counter to stand behind her. Clamping my hands on her shoulders, I use my thumbs to massage the knots along her neck, and she tilts her head to the side with a murmur. “James isn’t going to care that you can’t cook. In fact, he’s not much of a cook himself. He never quite got the hang of it the way the rest of us did. You’ll see. He’s bringing desert. I bet it’s something he picks up from a patisserie.” 
“He can’t cook?” She glances over her shoulder at me in surprise. 
“Now I didn’t say that. He’s great at making toast, but other than that, I don’t think I’ve seen him cook anything in years.” 
“He’s a very busy man.” 
“With a maid and a catering service that keeps his fridge stocked.” I drop a kiss onto her shoulder. “And you are not going to lose your job. Not now, not ever. He sure as hell isn’t going to care if you don’t put the marinade on thick enough.” 
“That’s true. I’m incredible at my job.” She focuses on the marinade. “What about Ronnie? Is she coming tonight?” 
“Ronnie’s based in New York. She doesn’t make it home much and she was just in town for my birthday, but next time she visits we’ll have dinner again.” I love how easily Chloe fell into place with my family. Where they all hated Queen B, each one of them was in Chloe’s corner before they even knew her. 
“I’d like that,” she says. 
“It looks so much better in here without that horrendous chandelier,” Garrett yells out, announcing himself before entering the kitchen. 
“You know you could knock on the front door,” I tell Garrett. 
“And miss catching you two in a potentially embarrassing situation?” He chuckles as Abby sprints toward me and latches onto my leg. “Yeah, I probably should have.” 
“Uncle P, where’s Spot?” Abby asks, looking up at me with wide eyes. 
“Outside in her pen.” I crouch down to her level and hug my niece. “Do you want me to bring her in for you? I’ll put her on a leash and you two can play.” 
“Please.” She scampers to the deck door and presses her nose flat to the glass. “I want a Spot at my house, too, but Daddy says we can’t have one.” 
“That’s because you’re about as much mischief as your daddy can handle.” 
“That’s true,” Garrett says. “Especially since I have to find a new nanny.” 
“What happened to the last one?” James asks, entering the kitchen with a bottle of champagne in one hand a paper bag in the other. “Please tell me you weren’t mixing business with pleasure.” 
“Not when it comes to Abby, no.” Garrett scowls at James. “Besides, Mrs. Peters was fifty-seven years old. She’s moving to Ohio to look after her own grandchildren.” 
“We’re going to get the goat.” I herd Abby outside to find Spot.  
When we come back with the goat, Chloe’s finished with the steaks and James has cracked open the bottle of champagne. True to my word, there’s a boxed up cake sitting on the counter, and I catch Chloe’s gaze and nod at the dessert. She smirks as she lifts her glass to her lips, more at ease than I expected her to be. 
“So your foyer’s looking empty now.” Garrett stands in the arched doorway and nods at the other room. “Chloe, what are you planning on putting there instead?” 
It’s only been a few weeks. This whole thing is so new. Even so, when he says that, I know she’s going to be the one to choose which light fixture goes in the foyer. Maybe not this week or this month. Perhaps not even this house when all is said and done, though she did tell me she was obsessed with the place before she met me and she hasn’t stayed a night in her own home since she decided she wanted to be with me. 
I think I’ll ask her to move in with me. Officially. I’d rather be sexy, bad roommates anyway.


THE END

The next book in the Sexy Bad Series:
SEXY BAD DADDY

Once upon a time Garrett Frost, bad boy of professional golf, found out he had a two-year-old daughter.

Okay, okay, it wasn’t that long ago. His escapades are still in the media, and his sponsors are all in a tail spin, but his daughter sure is cute. 

That’s where I come in. I’m his nanny. The kid’s nanny. Of course, I’m not his. He’s older, my employer, totally off limits. And I can’t forget that, even if he makes me want to fall for him with every lingering gaze, each secret touch. 

He’s trying so hard to reform his professional image and be the father his daughter deserves. If anyone knew he was screwing his nanny it’d be all over the media, ruining his sponsorships, and affecting his relationship with his daughter. Or worse, convincing everyone we could be a family. 

But Garrett Frost’s family is the game and his daughter. There’s no room for me. So why does it feel like I’ve finally found my forever?

Chapter One

ERIN

“I gotta pee,” I tell my best friend Danny, who nods without taking his gaze off the flat-screen TV behind the bar, where a hockey game is in the last few minutes of the third period. And it looks like St. Louis is winning by a goal. Danny’s not going to be fun to be around if his precious Chicago Black Hawks don’t pull through. 
I make my way through a throng of people, most of whom are as focused on the TVs as Danny—did I mention we’re in the playoffs?—until I reach the restrooms located in a far back corner of the bar. After taking care of business, I head back to my drink and my buddy, but I’m waylaid by an arm snaking around my waist.
“Hey, beautiful. Can you do us a favor?” 
This Romeo with his paw on my person is good-looking, I guess. He has short, dark hair and a few days’ growth on his cheeks, and a dimple flashes when he grins at me like he doesn’t care that his hand is resting on my hip more intimately than a perfect stranger has a right. I feel the bulge of muscle under his designer golf shirt and note the watch on his slim wrist is Rolex. 
I sure as hell can’t afford the labels he’s wearing, but it’s hard not to notice when you’re surrounded by it every day. And when you’re a nanny to the upper-echelon-with-kids, well, let’s just say that some of my charges will, on their sixteenth birthdays, drive far nicer vehicles than I ever will in my lifetime.
The guy seated across from him in the booth has dark hair, too, and wears glasses; Armani, I think. I’m not usually into eyewear, but they work for him. 
“Probably not,” I say as I step out of his grip and he flexes his fingers, snagging my belt loop and pulling me back to him.
“Come on, it’s easy,” he says. His partner shakes his head and takes a swig of beer.
“What?” I ask, watching him through narrowed eyes and twisting out of his grasp again. The bar’s packed, so I could easily fade into the crowd at this point, but the beers I’ve ingested make me curious enough to stick around.
“I’m Garrett, and this is my brother, Painter.” He waves at Mr. Eyeglasses, who lifts his hand in greeting.
“Painter, like your parents pre-determined your profession?” I ask.
“That never gets old,” the brother says, looking at Garrett instead of me.
“It’s spelled with a Y,” Garrett explains to me.
I clear my throat. “Um, right. Sorry. Nice to meet you guys.”
“No sweat,” Paynter-with-a-Y says.
“So anyway, Paynt here thinks I’m not nearly as good at picking up the ladies as I am,” Garrett says.
“Actually, what I said was, you shouldn’t be,” his brother corrects him. “He sleeps around too damn much,” he explains for my benefit.
I bite my lip to keep from laughing. I’m guessing they’re drunk, or at least Garrett is.
“So tell me,” Garrett says, glancing up at me with puppy dog eyes that no doubt are at least partially to blame for the whole sleeping-around-too-damn-much issue his brother says he has. That muscle tone under his shirt certainly wouldn’t be a deterrent, either.
“I have a boyfriend,” I blurt. Danny’s not remotely my boyfriend—he’s more like my sibling, or maybe the perfect just friend to tag along when you want to hang out at a sports bar—but I need an out here. I know my own shortcomings when it comes to good-looking, older guys who smell like money. Best to put up that wall before this conversation goes any further.
“Too bad,” Garrett says. “But for the sake of argument, pretend you don’t. If I hit on you, would you go home with me?”
Before I decided to try to grow the hell up and get my life on track, the answer might have been yes, but for all the wrong reasons. Not anymore, though. I’m a new woman. A better woman. 
“She’s hesitating.” Garrett stabs his finger at Paynter. “Told you. They can’t resist me.”
“You’re such an ass,” Paynter says.
“Nah, I’m living the dream. Just because you’re tied down to a goat and a hot executive doesn’t mean you gotta beat up on my perfectly satisfying lifestyle.”
A goat and a hot executive? I can’t decide if I want to stay and learn more or run away. 
“I’m not sure I like you referring to Chloe as a ‘hot executive,’” his brother says.
Garrett lifts his bottle like he’s saluting me. “For the record, it isn’t what you’re thinking.”
“So it’s not something to do with a threesome between him, a woman in a pencil skirt, and an animal?” I ask.
Garrett roars with laughter while his brother shakes his head and mutters something about rumors and a game of telephone.
“I mean, hey, whatever floats your boat,” I add. “I’m not one to judge.” Like I have any right to.
Once he catches his breath, Garrett turns his focus to me again, and I’m momentarily drowning in gorgeous, glassy, blue eyes. Holy crap, they’re beautiful. I take back my “I guess” about this guy being good-looking. Those eyes are straight off a romance novel cover. Does he wear colored contacts? 
“So, back to you, beautiful. What’s your name?”
“Erin,” I say before I remember that I’m a changed woman.
“She has a boyfriend, dumbass,” Paynter says.
“Score!” Garrett and Paynter both shout at the same time, and they—along with pretty much everyone else in the bar—leap out of their seats, high-fiving and clunking their beers together. I’m guessing the Black Hawks tied the game.
“Yes,” Garrett yells, and he sweeps me into a hug, one of those full-body embraces, where every inch of me is touching every inch of him. And it makes me tingle in places that are not supposed to feel that way about guys like him. He’s loaded, he screws around too much, and he’s way too confident. Not. My. Type.
Not anymore.
“Boyfriend, remember?” I manage to choke out, my pitiful attempt to convince him to let me go despite my hands clinging to his beefy biceps. 
My phone vibrates in my back pocket, and Garrett finally releases me. I tug it out and glance at the screen. “Oh crap, this is my one night out all week, and now it’s getting cut short.”
“Why’s that?” Garrett asks, blatantly looking at my phone.
“The wife of the family I nanny for wants me to call her. Usually, that means they’ve had as much as they can take of their kids and they want me to rescue them.”
“You’re a nanny?” The intensity of his blue-eyed stare makes my insides squirm and wiggle like Jell-O. No, no, no. I don’t hook up with guys like him. 
“Yeah. Real glamorous, I know. But it pays the bills and gives me a place to live.”
“I need a nanny.”
Oh shit. Not only is he hot and confident—and screws around too much—but he’s married with kids. Not in a million years. 
I wave the phone, which starts ringing. It’s Mrs. Danish. Guess she couldn’t wait for me to call her. “Already employed. Sorry.” 
I turn away while at the same time answering the call. Maybe if she hears all the noise in the background, she’ll cut me a break and let me stay a little longer. 
“Erin?”
“Hi, Mrs. Danish. Sorry, I’m watching the Black Hawks. They just tied up the game, so it’s a little loud right now. I can call you back when I leave.”
“No, that’s quite all right. This won’t take long. You’re fired.”
“Huh?” I twist around so I’m facing Garrett and his brother, like that’ll somehow help me hear her better. Because surely she didn’t say what I think she said. Garrett’s watching me, his brow furrowed, but I’m too stunned to walk away from his obvious curiosity.
“I said: You’re fired. I’ll leave a check for this week’s pay and a substantial severance on the dresser in your room. I’d like you to be out by morning. Actually, tonight would be better.” Her husband is talking in the background and she snaps at him to shut up.
“Why?” I finally manage to ask. This has been my best nanny gig to date. Mrs. Danish is a normally sweet woman with curly, dark hair and generous curves, while her husband is a plump man with graying, thin hair and a constantly even-keel disposition. Other than their overfull social calendars, working for them has been a breeze. And let’s be honest; the only person I hang with on the reg is Danny, so even the fact I tend to watch their kids every evening as well as day doesn’t bother me.
Mr. Danish says something again and his wife’s voice is this low, stage whisper as she says, “It has come to our attention … that you have a history of, er, dallying with the husbands of your employers.”
Well, shit.
“Who was that?” Garrett asks when I tap the screen of my phone to disconnect the call. I don’t answer right away, and he pushes an icy cold bottle of beer into my hand. “Here. You look like you need this.”
I lift it to my lips and chug, letting the carbonated, hoppy drink numb my senses. When I finally stop to catch my breath, I’ve drained more than half the bottle.
“Wow,” Paynter says.
“So, bad news?” Garrett asks.
I stare at my phone. “I just got fired.” I don’t know why I tell him. I don’t know him, and when I leave this bar, I’ll never see him again. I should make my way back to Danny, so I can cry on his shoulder. He’ll tell me I’m an idiot for continuing to try to stay gainfully employed in a profession that clearly doesn’t want me, and I’ll tell him I’ve vested too much of my life into this nanny gig and if I switch careers now, I’ll have to start at the bottom, and who the hell wants to do that after eight years of doing something they love?
“Why?” Garrett says.
“Er…” I can’t tell him why. There’s too much backstory, and besides, it isn’t true. Well, not entirely. I may be into older guys, but even I have my limits. Mr. Danish is nice but he reminds me of my grandpa. Thinning hair, a paunch, and a propensity to blather on about insoles are definitely not turn ons for me. 
“So why’d they fire you?” Garrett asks again. I have to give him something. Well, I suppose I don’t, not really. I could just walk away. And start updating my resume. 
Again.
Instead, I say, “They, um, don’t need me anymore, I guess.”
“And they chose to call you on Friday night to tell you this? Are you getting two weeks’ notice? Did they find a replacement? This seems awfully abrupt, doesn’t it?”
“Why are you so concerned?” I knew I should have walked away. “Look, I need to get back to—”
“Because I need a nanny. I’ve been interviewing them for—how long?” Garrett looks at his brother, apparently waiting for an answer.
“At least a couple months. You’re damn lucky your brother works from home and thinks your daughter is cute as hell,” Paynter says.
“Right. So anyway, I’m curious. What should I be looking for in a nanny? Every one I’ve interviewed hasn’t felt right, y’know?”
“Actually, I do know. You definitely need to click with the person. And so does your child. You have just one?”
“Yeah, a daughter. She’s three. And Paynt’s right. She’s cute as hell.”
I smile. Of course she is. 
“So you need someone who’s good with toddlers. Who will get down on the floor and play with them at their level, as well as teach them. Someone who will take her to the zoo and to see Sue, the most complete fossil of a T-Rex ever found. At this age, they should get a healthy balance of fun and education to help prepare them for school in a couple years.”
He’s giving me this look. It’s a combination of respect and maybe admiration, and I hope that’s not attraction, too, because this is definitely not going anywhere.
“Anyway, I need to get back to my, er, boyfriend—” I practically choke on the word because trying to picture Danny as my significant other makes me puke in my mouth a little. “So, um, good luck in your nanny search.” 
I take another swig of beer and place the bottle on the table before walking away. Garrett calls out, “Wait,” but I ignore him. Given the reason I got fired from yet another nanny gig, the last thing I need to do is consider offering up my services to a man with bedroom eyes and guns made for holding up a woman while he fucks her against the wall.
Want more? Keep reading here:

SEXY BAD DADDY


Hey, Sexy Bad Readers! 
Thank you so much for joining us on this journey. We hope you enjoyed Sexy Bad Neighbor, and fell in love with Paynter, Chloe, and a little goat named Spot, just like we did. If you want to keep in touch with us, so you know when we’re releasing more Sexy Bad Books, you can sign up for our exclusive mailing list at: http://www.subscribepage.com/SexyBadBooks
Or if you want more of the Sexy Bad Universe you can join us on Facebook at The Sexy Bad Lounge. 
And if you have even three words to say about this book, such as “Sexy Bad Awesome,” consider leaving a review. We’ll sexy bad thank you for it. 
Turn the page to find out more about our other books. Misti writes dirty talking bad boys with hearts of gold. And Tami writes kinky chefs and brooding FBI guys. 
Misti & Tami xx

MISTI MURPHY & TAMI LUND CO-WRITTEN BOOKS

Find Misti & Tami’s books here:
SEXY BAD BOOKS

The Sexy Bad series
Sexy Bad Neighbor 
Sexy Bad Daddy
Sexy Bad Boss
Sexy Bad Valentine
Sexy Bad Escort
Sexy Bad Halloween 

No Jerks on Monday 


MISTI MURPHY’S BOOKS
Find Misti’s Books HERE

The A-List Rebels
Hollywood Rebel
Hollywood Rogue

Bad Boys Need Love Too series
Trademarked
Dating Dutch

The Line Up series
I Dare You
The Fourth Guy
The F Word
Breaking Bro Code
Hate You More xx

Tangled Desires series
Tease Me
Lady Killer
Cocky F@#ker
Maximum Rush

The Casey Brothers series
This Radio Love
It’s Holy Matrimony, Baby

The Misters series
Sugar
Catching Mr. Right
Keeping Mr. Sweet

The Vice Agency series
Playing Hero
Playing Royal

Magnetic Desires series
Compulsion
Addiction
Immersion
Fixation
Obsession 

Christmas Candy

You should stalk Misti on social media:

Facebook ~ Website ~ Facebook Group ~ Newsletter Signup 


TAMI LUND’S BOOKS
Tami’s written a lot of books, and you can find them HERE

Bryant Brothers Series
Racing Home
To Love & Protect
The Right Tool
Picture This


Detroit Mafia Romance
Detroit Mafia Series Box Set Books 1-3
Paid by the Mob
Trapped by the Mob
Freed from the Mob
Destined for the Mob
Born into the Mob
Controlled by the Mob
Return to the Mob


Tough Love Series
Naked Truth
Undercover Heat
Delicious Deception

Baby, I’m Home

Separation Anxiety


Tami also writes Paranormal Romance ~

Taming the Dragon Series
Dragon His Heels
Hungry Like A Dragon
Dragon in Denial
Bewitching the Dragon
Let Go My Gargoyle


Lightbearer Series
First Light & Broken Light (prequels)
Into the Light
Dawning of Light
Light Beyond the Darkness
Change in the Light
Cupid’s Light


Twisted Fate Trilogy
Of Love and Darkness
Prim and Proper Fate
Prisoner of Fate


(Blood Courtesans Vampire Series, written by multiple authors)
Resist
Eternity


Holiday Romance
Mirror, Mirror
Santa’s Destiny


Dark Moon Falls
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Lyall
Benjamin
Anthony


Which Witch Series
How I Fell Into Bed With A Demon
The Demon You Love

(Immortal Keeper Vampire Paranormal Romance Series, written by multiple authors)
Vampire’s Ghost 


Gods of Thunder MC series
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Art of the Hunt 


You should also stalk Tami on social media:
Facebook ~ Insta ~ Facebook Group ~ Newsletter Signup 


Thank you for reading!
~Misti & Tami 
