




Shameless


Book One in the Nashville Nights Series



Cheryl Douglas

Copyright © 2012 Cheryl Douglas 
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, including photocopying, graphic, electronic, mechanical, taping, recording, sharing, or by any information retrieval system without the express written permission of the author and / or publisher. Exceptions include brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. 
Persons, places and other entities represented in this book are deemed to be fictitious. They are not intended to represent actual places or entities currently or previously in existence or any person living or dead. This work is the product of the author’s imagination. 
Any and all inquiries to the author of this book should be directed to:

info@cheryldouglasbooks.com


Copyright © 2012 Cheryl Douglas 

Smashwords License agreement

This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase any additional copy for each reader. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 








Dedication
To my mother,
who believed in me long before I learned to believe in myself.

Table of Contents


Prologue
Chapter One 
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three 
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine 
Chapter Ten 
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chapter Fourteen 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chapter Sixteen 
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen 
Chapter Twenty 
Chapter Twenty-One 
Chapter Twenty-Two
About the Author 
Coming Soon 

Prologue
Five Years Earlier


The sexy little waitress stretched to offer her neck as Trey Turner prepared to do another body shot at the urging of his inebriated friends. He licked the salt off her neck as he felt a small hand grip his shoulder. 
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” 
He turned to see his wife, Sierra, staring up at him, disgust darkening her bright blue eyes. He heard a few of his friends mutter curses as the crowd broke up and went back to drinking and dancing. 
“Baby, I was just havin’ a little fun.” His words slurred and he wondered how many body shots he’d had before Sierra intervened.  
The waitress slid her hand down his chest, hooking a finger through his belt loop. “That was fun. How ‘bout we pick up where we left off later?” 
Sierra turned away, not waiting for his answer as she began weaving her way through the crowd. 
“Sierra, baby, wait,” he called, trying to push his way through the throngs of people before she reached the door. He grabbed her wrist just as she was about to cross the threshold. “Wait. Please, don’t go.”
“It’s over, I’m done with this shit,” she said, trying to shake loose of his grip. 
He had more than a foot and a hundred pounds on her. She wasn’t going anywhere until he decided he was ready to let her go, which wouldn’t happen in this lifetime. “What’s that supposed to mean? Where the hell do you think you’re going?”  
“Home to pack.” 
He felt the room begin to spin out of control. “What did you say?” 
“I’m leaving you. Our marriage is over.” 
His grip on her wrist tightened. “No, you can’t leave me.” 
She pressed a hand to his chest. “It’s been over for a long time. I’m just making it official.” 
“We’re not having this conversation out here in front of a hundred people,” he said, pulling her through the horde of friends he’d invited to his private party. He opened the door to the small dressing room usually occupied by the nightly entertainment that performed at Jimmy’s bar. “We’ll have some privacy in here.”
She was finally able to shake free of his tight grip. “I’ve already said everything I have to say to you.” 
He gripped her waist. “Don’t do this, Sierra.” He bent to kiss her neck. “I love you, baby. God, I love you so much. I can’t live without you.” He backed her toward the couch as he lowered himself down on top of her. 
“You’ve been living without me for the past year, Trey. You’ve spent your days on a tour bus and your nights in a stadium or bar.” Her voice broke. “We lost our baby girl and you don’t seem to care.” 
“Don’t say that,” he whispered furiously. “Don’t ever say that I didn’t care about Callie. I loved her, Sierra. It damn near killed me when we lost her.” 
She glared at him. “Really? Is that why you boarded that goddamn tour bus a week after her funeral?” 
“I’m a musician; it’s what I do.” He knew the excuse was weak. Sierra was right. He’d been trying to run away from his grief and sadness instead of staying at home where he belonged, supporting his wife. 
She shook her head, looking defeated. “It’s what you do—it’s who you are. Trey Turner, country music’s award-winning, platinum-selling mega-star. What about my husband? Callie’s father? Where is he?”
He closed his eyes, feeling disgusted with himself for letting her down again. “Baby, I’m sorry. Look, I know I’ve made mistakes, but let me make it up to you, okay?” His hand eased up her shirt to cup her breast. 
Her head rolled back and she closed her eyes. “No, we can’t do this. It won’t fix the problem.” Making love to her may not solve all of their problems, but it would buy him some time to figure out a way to convince her to give him and their marriage another chance. “Just relax,” he whispered, licking her neck. 
“Hmm, that feels so good.” She wrapped her denim-clad leg around his. “But then you had lots of practice with your girlfriend right before I got here, didn’t you?” 
He cursed himself for indulging in the adolescent drinking game and giving his wife reason to question his fidelity yet again. “Sweetheart,” he whispered, flipping the button on her jeans. “You’re the only one I want; you know that.”
She squeezed her eyes shut as she shook her head. “No, I don’t.” 
He hated that he had given her reason to doubt herself, to doubt them. “Let me prove it to you, then.” 
His tongue traced the soft fullness of her lips until she finally parted for him. He groaned, taking her mouth with a savage intensity. His mind raced; fear warring with panic as he realized this may be the last time they made love, the last time he had the right to touch her. “God, I love you,” he whispered, reaching up to pull her shirt over her head. “You are so beautiful.” He pressed the sparkly closure at the front of her bra and bent his head. His tongue caressed her swollen, sensitive nipple until she was rubbing herself against his thigh. 
“Trey,” she cried, thrusting her fingers into his hair. “I need to feel your hands on me, please.” 
He eased off the leather couch and quickly shed his clothes before removing hers. “Sit up,” he said, his voice raspy. “I want to taste you.” 
She sat up, levelling her feet on the coffee table behind him. “Like this?” 
“No.” He grabbed her inner thighs to spread her legs as he settled on the floor in front of her. “Like this.” 
He went down on her, his tongue tantalizing her swollen bud before dipping his tongue inside of her. 
She lifted her hips, her fists pressed into the couch at her sides. “Oh…ah…that feels amazing. God, I’ve missed this.”   
He moaned against her, creating an intense vibration. “Me too, baby.” He set out to devour her, making her scream and writhe and call his name before finally surrendering to her orgasm. “Now, I need to feel you do that while I’m buried deep inside of you.” He poised his body above her, holding onto the back of the couch as he slid inside of her. “Yesss,” he hissed, waiting until he was fully seated before thrusting into her furiously. There was no way he was going to let her leave him without a fight. She was the most important person in his life, whether she believed that or not, and he intended to prove it to her the only way he knew how.   
She gripped his ass as he continued to drive into her relentlessly. “Yes, that’s it. Just like that...” 
“Come for me, baby.” He leaned down to claim her mouth again. “God, you feel so good.” 
“Trey, I, oh...” 
He felt her muscles clench around him before her body began to tremble with the intense release. 
“That’s it, sweetheart,” he said, shoving his hands into her hair to tip her head back. “Just let go.” He watched her gorgeous face contort as she reached for the pleasure she needed. “Yes.” Watching her, feeling the intensity of her orgasm, was powerful enough to propel him over the edge. He waited until his breathing returned to normal before opening his eyes to look at her. 
A tear slid down her cheek and she brushed it away. “I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have let that happen.” 
The shock of fear paralyzed him. “What are you talking about? That was amazing. Don’t apologize.”
“But it doesn’t change anything. I’m still filing for divorce.” 
Anxiety ripped through him like a bullet. “You’re divorcing me?” 
She lowered her head and glanced at the site where they were still joined. “I came here tonight to tell you I can’t live like this anymore. I never intended to let this happen,” she whispered.  
“Then why did you?” 
“I don’t know. I’m sorry, Trey. I didn’t mean to lead you to believe that...” 
He got up, getting dressed on autopilot as her words began to sink in. She was leaving him. His marriage was over. “Just tell me what I can do to fix this. I’ll go to counseling. I’ll go to AA meetings, anything. Please, just give me a chance to make things right.” Her back was facing him as he watched her dress.  
“It’s too late for that. I think we both know that it’s been over for a long time. It’s time one of us finds the courage to end it, so we can both move on with our lives.” 
He grabbed her shoulders, holding her back against his chest. “I don’t want to move on with my life, not without you. Please, don’t do this, Sierra.”
She stepped out of his arms. “I’m sorry.” She reached for the door handle. “I have to. If you love me, you won’t fight this. Please, just let me go.”  
Chapter One 


Trey Turner tipped the plastic bottle and watched the little white pills scatter across the desktop. One would take the edge off; twenty would end it all. He considered his options. He wasn’t ready to give up; he couldn’t do that to his family.
He put one of the pills on his tongue and swallowed it with a mouthful of scotch as the phone rang. He knew it was the morning radio show calling to interview him. His manager, Luc Spencer, had arranged it and, despite his protests, Luc insisted it was necessary. The public was demanding answers; it was time to end the speculation. 
He checked the call display and pushed the button to activate the call. “Hello.” 
“Trey, Johnny Madson, KX790 in Nashville. How the hell are ya this mornin’, buddy?”
Trey rubbed his eyes, willing the pill to take effect. “I’m good.” 
“We’re going live in three minutes. Stand by.” 
Trey endured the longest three minutes of his life as he waited for the radio host to return. He glanced at the list of questions and answers his publicist, Avery, had provided. He’d been doing this long enough to know they always surprised you with questions they knew were off-limits. He hoped he was sharp enough to dodge the bullets this morning. 
“Trey, we’re live. Our listeners are anxious to hear about what’s been happening with the king of country music. Where’ve you been, man?” 
“I’ve been in the studio working on the next album.” 
“That’s what we like to hear. Tell me, when do you plan to release it?” 
“By early next year, I hope.”
“Can we assume you’re planning a world tour to promote the new album?” 
In his current state of mind, just the thought of a tour was overwhelming, but he owed it to his fans and his label. “That’s the plan, Johnny.” 
“Good stuff. I know your fans are looking forward to that. We get calls and emails about you every day. People want to know what you’ve been up to. They’re dying to know when the new album’s coming out.” He laughed. “The pressure’s on, man.” 
“Yeah, I know. I plan to deliver the goods.” If only he could figure out how to break through the mother of all creative blocks and write a song he wouldn’t be embarrassed to attach his name to. 
“So why did you decide to sign with a new record label, Trey?” 
Because my old label was putting pressure on me to get off my ass and produce a record, he thought, considering the fall-out if he came clean. He was tempted to tell the truth and accept the ramifications. He was so tired of living a lie, pretending to be the man, the musician, everyone expected him to be. “There was just a difference of opinion with the old label. No hard feelings.” 
“Are you expecting this album to go platinum like all the others?” 
Platinum, hell he would be satisfied if it didn’t end his career. “We’ll see what happens, Johnny. It’s up to the public to decide.” 
“So, you’ve been spotted around town with some of the most beautiful women in Nashville. Is there anyone special in your life right now?”
He clenched his jaw in frustration. He had come to expect this question, but he still resented it. “No, not really.” Megan would take offense, but he didn’t care.
“You are one of the most eligible bachelors in the world. Think you’ll ever marry again?” 
“No.” The only woman he wanted to call his wife was determined to forget he was alive. He’d had his one chance at forever and he blew it. He sure as hell didn’t deserve another one. 
“Can you tell us about the car wreck you were involved in last year, Trey? We understand a woman and young child were killed. Your Hummer and their mini-van were hit by the driver of a tractor trailer who fell asleep at the wheel, right? Rumour has it you were lucky to escape with your life. That would have been a hell of a loss for country music, man.”  
Trey wanted to tell him the loss of life that occurred was much more valuable than his, but he kept his mouth shut. He could imagine the headlines: Country Superstar Trey Turner Wishes He Had Been the One to Die in Fatal Crash.
“I’d rather not discuss that, Johnny.” 
“Sure, I understand. We’ve all heard you’ve fallen off the wagon after three years of sobriety. Is that true, Trey?” 
He glanced at the highball of scotch to his right. “I’d rather not get into it.” Which he knew was akin to admitting guilt. His manager and publicist would go ballistic, not to mention his record label. He had to end this call or risk digging himself a deeper hole. “Look, man, it’s been good talking to you, but I gotta roll.” 
“Yeah, sure. Thanks for talking to us, Trey. We’re all looking forward to the new album, so don’t keep your fans waiting too long.” 
“I’ll try not to. Thanks, Johnny.” He pressed the button to end the call. 
His hand shook as he reached for the crystal glass. He took a long swallow of the amber liquid, savouring the familiar burn on the way down. He knew it was toxic, eating him alive from the inside out. He hated that he needed it, hated the fact that alcohol was the only thing that seemed to take the edge off and calm the fear and anxiety so he could get through another day. 
He looked up at the ceiling. “What the hell am I gonna do?” he whispered. He needed help, was desperate for guidance, but had no idea where to turn. His faith had been tested to the limits, and he couldn’t face the idea of admitting the truth to his friends and family. He had never felt so alone. 
He knew that every day he lived without creative inspiration was another day closer to sealing his fate. He couldn’t stall his manager and record label forever. They expected answers and he knew he had to tell them the truth; his career was over. But every time he tried to tell his best friend and manager, he panicked. He was terrified that, without music, he was looking into the abyss of a dark, empty, meaningless future. His music was the only thing he had left. 
He pulled the newspaper clipping out of his desk and stared at the black and white photo of the little girl who had died in the fiery crash. Six years old, the same age his daughter would have been. Trey couldn’t comprehend why he had been spared when a little girl with her whole life ahead of her had been taken. If he could, he would have traded places with her in a heartbeat, given her a chance at the life his daughter deserved.  A knock on the door of his studio interrupted his reverie and he silently wished he could escape. Escape the questions and expectations of a world where he no longer felt he belonged. 
“Come in.” 
His sister poked her head in the door. “Hey, just heard you on the radio, big shot.” 
He smiled. His sister was one of the few people who could still make him smile. Perhaps because she didn’t see him as Trey Turner, money machine. She simply saw him as her over-protective big brother.  
He and his sister had always been close, especially before and during his marriage. Marisa and his ex-wife had become fast friends, bonding like sisters soon after they met. She tried not to take sides, but he knew she blamed him for the marriage falling apart. Marisa made the effort to maintain contact with him, but their relationship hadn’t been the same since his divorce. Nothing in his life had been the same since his divorce. 
He sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. He rubbed his eyes and stroked the two-day growth of beard. He knew he must look like hell, but he couldn’t summon the energy to care. “What’s up, Marisa?” 
“I could ask you the same. You look like you’ve been on one hell of a bender.” She eyed the highball of scotch on the desk. “Have you?” 
“No, just not sleeping much.” Truth be told, he felt like he hadn’t had a decent night’s sleep in years. 
She glanced at the glass again, sighing. “Isn’t it a little early for that, Trey?” 
He chuckled, the sound unfamiliar to his own ears. It had been a long time since he’d had any reason to laugh.  “Honey, it’s gotta be five o’clock somewhere.” 
She folded her arms across her chest and glared at him, but he could see the fear and disappointment lurking beneath the anger. 
“Damn it. It’s not funny, Trey.” 
Her expression softened and he saw the pity. God, he hated to be pitied almost as much as he hated feeling useless, inept, and washed up. 
“I’m worried about you. So are Mama and Daddy. You haven’t been the same since the accident.” 
He slid the newspaper clipping under a stack of documents. He didn’t want her to know he’d been obsessing about the past again. Why couldn’t he just let it go, look to the future? Maybe he could stand the thought of a life without music if he wasn’t facing it alone. He sighed. No sense wishing for the impossible. 
“Nothing to worry about, sis. I’m fine.” 
“Prove it.” She claimed the chair across from him. “Come to Jimmy’s tonight. You and I haven’t spent any time together in months.” 
He shook his head. He hadn’t been back to his old haunt since the night of the accident. He had been on the wagon that night, not a drop to drink, not that it mattered. Two innocent people still lost their lives and he lost what little remained of the life he’d known. If he hadn’t gone to the bar that night, he wouldn’t have been on the road at two a.m., wouldn’t have rushed to the aid of the minivans’ passengers. He wouldn’t have been holding the hand of that little girl as he watched her slip away.  
“Sorry, not interested.” 
Marisa reached across the desk and put her hand on his arm. “Trey, please do this for me.” 
“That’s the last place I want to go tonight.” He glanced at the date on his phone, a neon reminder of that fateful day exactly one year ago. Not that he needed to be reminded. The visions were burned in his memory like a bad horror flick on perpetual rewind.   
“I think you need help.” 
He knew he needed help, had for years, but the only person who could help him wanted to forget he was alive. “Spare me your dime-store psychology, Marisa. Stick to what you know best, clothes and shoes.” He knew that would hit a nerve, piss her off enough to drive her away. 
“Do you think we’re going to sit by and let you self-destruct again, Trey?” 
Again.  Like he had five years ago when Sierra left him and he lost his will to live. 
“You were sober for almost three years. Why the hell are you doing this?  You’re punishing yourself for an accident that wasn’t even your fault.”  
He saw the tears in her eyes and hated that he was causing the people he loved so much pain. He knew they would be better off without him. Maybe he should just disappear. Hole up somewhere far away and drink away the past six years of his life. 
“This may not have been my fault, but what about the other accident?” The accident that took my baby girl and the woman I loved, he thought.  
“You have to stop punishing yourself for that. It wasn’t your fault.”
He wondered, was it an accident or divine intervention? Maybe God was punishing him for every thoughtless, selfish thing he’d ever done. Maybe He disapproved of his tactics, trampling anyone and everyone on his mission to dominate the country music industry. It was never enough. No matter how many awards he’d won, records he’d sold, or millions he’d made, it had never been enough. He had worked longer and harder every day in his quest for supremacy until he finally wound up alone. 
He propped his elbows on the desk, dropping his head in his hands. “Maybe it was an accident. I don’t know. What I do know is that my stupidity, my recklessness, caused Sierra to go into labour ten weeks early. If I hadn’t been arguing with her, I wouldn’t have been distracted. I would have been able to stop in time.” He swallowed hard, trying to dislodge the grief blocking his airway. 
“We lost our daughter because of me, Marisa.” 
She reached out to him, but he pushed her away. He didn’t want her sympathy, didn’t deserve it. 
“Sierra has forgiven you, Trey. I think it’s time for you to forgive yourself.” 
“Never,” he whispered. 
To forgive himself would dishonor Callie’s memory. He had come to terms with who he was: a self-indulgent, power-hungry, control freak, and because of his failings, his angel had died before she had a chance at life. He wasn’t worthy of forgiveness. 
She leaned back in her chair, staring at him like she was looking at a stranger. “Is that why you haven’t been able to get past this accident? Because it reminded you of what happened back then?” 
He got up and crossed the room, feeling trapped, like a caged animal desperate to escape the confines of a life behind bars. Only he was trapped by gaping wounds that time and booze couldn’t heal and mistakes that he couldn’t make up for, no matter how much he wished he could. 
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore, Marisa. Please, just go.”
She hesitated and he knew she wanted to object. 
“Fine,” she said softly. “I’ll leave, but only if you promise to come to Jimmy’s tonight.” 
He just wanted to be alone, alone with his misery and memories. “I’ll be there. Just go now, please.” 

***

“Sierra, please tell me you’ll talk to him.” 
Sierra Brooks turned her back on her former sister-in-law. She couldn’t allow herself to get drawn in to her ex-husband’s world again, not when she had spent the past five years fighting to rebuild the life he had worked so hard to destroy. She loved Marisa, loved her parents, but her love for Trey had cost her everything. She couldn’t go back, not when she’d worked so hard to move forward. 
“I can’t. Please try to understand.” 
Marisa grabbed her hand, spinning her around until they were eye to eye. Trey and his sister were alike, yet different in so many ways. They definitely shared the same genes: olive complexion, startling blue eyes, ink-black hair, and both were athletic and competitive to a fault. 
But that’s where the similarities ended. Marisa was warm and compassionate, open and communicative, while Trey was often cold and reserved, valuing his privacy more than relationships. Marisa was modest, while Trey wore his accomplishments like a badge of honor. Perhaps that’s why her relationship with Marisa had withstood the test of time, and her marriage had failed. 
“I’m afraid for him, Sierra. I haven’t seen him like this since before you left him. He’s out of control. He’s drinking again, every day.”  
That damned bottle had been his best friend and her archenemy during the final months of their marriage. Together, they could have gotten past the accident, shared their grief over the loss of their baby, and rebuilt their shattered marriage, but instead he chose to drown his grief in his career and the bottle, effectively shutting her out of his life until she got the news that finally sealed their fate.    
“I’ve moved on with my life. Your brother is not my problem anymore.” 
“You still love him.” 
The truth of those simple words felt like a weight on her chest that had never lifted. Her love for him would never die, no matter how hard she had tried to smother it with years of anger and resentment.   
“I’m getting married, Marisa.” She cursed her vulnerability where this man was concerned, swiping at the tears that slid down her cheeks. “I have to think about my future, not my past.” 
“I know.” Marisa brushed away her own tears. “I know it’s not fair of me to ask this of you, but I don’t know what else to do. I’ve talked to his AA sponsor and he hasn’t been able to reach him. You’re the only person I can turn to.” 
She embraced her friend. She knew how much it hurt to watch someone you love destroy their life. His family had once been her family and, in her heart, they always would be. Even if it meant sacrificing her hard-fought resolve to help them, she would do it. “Fine, I’ll talk to him. I just hope he’s willing to listen.”     

***

Trey nodded to the bouncers who ushered him into the crowded bar, followed by his head of security and personal bodyguard for the night, Josh Cooper. Josh was one of the few people he trusted with his life. They’d been on the same football team in college and had remained close friends ever since. It hadn’t been easy to lure the career cop away from the force, but he finally made him an offer he couldn’t refuse. 
Trey hated having to travel with an entourage, but it was necessary most of the time. In cases like this, safe zones, where he’d been numerous times without incident, he was able to convince his handlers to let him get away without the protection of an army. Fortunately, now that Josh had joined his team, it felt like he was just hanging out with a good friend instead of living his life in a protected bubble.   
It took him a moment to adjust to the dim lighting. With any luck, he might be able to sneak under the radar tonight, pretend he wasn’t who they thought he was. He felt like an imposter most days, so it wouldn’t require much effort on his part. 
It still felt surreal, being back in a world he’d once belonged to, once dominated. Now, he stood on the periphery, watching the crowds of people dancing, talking, laughing, living. He tried to remember a time when he’d been that happy and carefree. It had been years, too many years. 
Marisa came up behind him, sliding her arm around his waist. At six foot, three inches, he was a foot taller and able to tuck her neatly under his chin as he drew her in for a hug. If only he could keep everyone he loved safe, holding them close, never letting go. But it was too late for that. The people he loved and longed to protect were gone forever. 
She smiled at Josh, her gaze lingering as she spoke to her brother. “I’m glad you came. I was afraid you’d change your mind.” 
He would have, but he knew his stubborn little sister well enough to know she would be banging his door down, waking half the neighbourhood, if that’s what it took to get him down here.
“Don’t think I didn’t think about it, darlin’.” 
“How does it feel, being back?” 
“Different.” Jimmy’s held so many memories for him, both good and bad. It was a place where his dreams were born and later died. He found his voice on that stage and watched his wife walk out those doors and out of his life for the last time. 
Images of her flashed through his mind: her smile as she tipped her beer glass, her laughter as they tore up the dance floor, the sweet sound of her voice as they sang a duet, the tears in her eyes as she asked him not to fight the divorce.  
A curvaceous waitress in a denim miniskirt and thigh-high boots made her way through the crowd toward him.  She gave him a thorough once over and winked. “What can I get you, Trey?”  
Someone bumped her from behind and she brushed against him, giggling. “Sorry, sweetheart,” she whispered, flattening her breasts against his chest.    
He took a step back. He wasn’t in the mood to flirt tonight, not here. This place always made him feel raw, as though it had been five days instead of five years since their separation. “Tequila. And keep ‘em comin’.” If he was lucky, maybe a little liquid poison would make him forget. 
“Josh, Marisa, you want anything?” 
Josh shook his head. “You know I don’t drink when I’m on duty, man.” 
Marisa grabbed his arm. “Trey, wait...” 
A wannabe cowboy in crisp jeans and an over-sized cowboy hat made his way to the center of the small stage and seized the microphone. “Ladies and gentlemen, have I got a treat for y’all tonight. I want y’all to put your hands together for a little lady who first graced this stage way back in the day. Let’s hear it for the beautiful and talented, Ms. Sierra Brooks!”  
The applause thundered in Trey’s ears until his head felt as though it would explode from the mounting pressure. 
His mind flashed back to the last time he saw her. That night, he’d been drunk and his stupid pride enabled him to pretend she wasn’t ripping his heart out when she’d told him she wanted out of their marriage. Five years without her had proven there wasn’t enough booze in the state to drown his memories of her. As for his pride, he’d gladly trade it for just one more night in her bed. 
When she walked onto the stage, sexy as sin in low riding jeans, cowboy boots, and a snug western shirt, he felt the air leave his lungs as surely as if he’d been kicked in the gut. “Oh my God.”   
“You can say that again,” Josh whispered. “Wow, she looks amazing.”
Marisa grabbed Trey’s hand and pulled him toward a small table tucked in a rear corner of the dark bar. He was grateful when she pushed a chair beneath him, forcing him to sit down.  Josh claimed the chair beside him, his intense eyes fixed on the curious crowd. As always, he was ready to react at the first sign of mayhem. 
Trey barely noticed the hundreds of eyes fixed on him; he was too busy watching her. She was stunning: thick, blond waves spilling down her back, cobalt-blue eyes teasing and tormenting her male admirers as she strutted across the stage, and a sweet little body that still turned him inside out. 
He remembered fisting his hands in her hair, making her beg for him, and finally hearing her scream his name as she climaxed. Those were the memories he wanted to hang on to. He got hard just remembering how hot it was between them. The thrill of performing for 40,000 fans had never been able to compare to the rush of losing himself in her lush little body every night. 
His mind wandered back in time. A knee injury had ended his college football career and his dream of making the pros. She was the one who’d picked him up, restored his faith, and helped him set new goals. She’d convinced him to pursue his love of music, helped him celebrate his first record deal, and co-wrote several of the tracks on his first album. Sierra was his biggest fan; she had believed in him long before he’d learned to believe in himself. 
The waitress set a shot glass down on the table. Beneath it was a napkin with her name and phone number. A different time, a different place, and he might have taken her up on the offer, but tonight there was only one woman on his mind: Sierra Brooks. 
He hated the fact that she’d reclaimed her maiden name after the divorce. He’d secretly hoped she’d at least keep his name as a reminder of their time together. But the painful truth was that she didn’t want anything from him after the divorce. Not his name, their home, money, cars, or jewelry. She’d walked away with nothing. She told his lawyers she didn’t want it, hadn’t earned it. She claimed the money was his, but he knew that without her, he would be nothing today.  
“I can’t believe she’s here,” he whispered. He pushed the drink away. He’d been drunk enough to drive her away the last time she’d seen him and he’d be damned if he let her see him that way tonight. 
“Are you mad that I didn’t tell you?” Marisa asked. 
He looked at his sister, reading the angst in her eyes. How could he be mad? In spite of his fear, she’d given him a second chance to say all the things he should have said five years ago. “No, I’m not mad.” 
He was lost, mesmerized, listening to Sierra sing a Carrie Underwood song about getting even with her cheating boyfriend. She had the sweetest, purest voice he’d ever heard. They had made beautiful music together a lifetime ago. He’d tried to convince her to pursue her own musical career, but she had other plans. She’d been pursuing a graduate degree in social work when their marriage ended. She’s always claimed it was her mission to give back to a world that had blessed them with so much. His heart twisted at the memory of the idealistic girl who’d wanted to save the world. He’d never been worthy of her, not then, and definitely not now. 
“Why is she here?” he asked, his eyes never leaving the stage. 
He kept waiting for their eyes to connect, for that moment when he would be able to read her thoughts. Would she be angry, anxious, or surprised to see him? Would looking at him evoke the same barrage of memories for her or would she treat him as nothing more than an old acquaintance? He could deal with her rage and hurt, but he couldn’t cope with indifference, not after everything they’d shared. 
Marisa glanced up at the stage. “You’ll find out soon enough.” 
People were starting to recognize him, pointing, whispering, and staring. He knew it was only a matter of time before they started approaching him, asking for autographs and pictures. He was normally happy to oblige his fans, but tonight he wished he could fade into anonymity, be a nameless face in the crowd.  
He glanced at his friend. Josh was carefully surveying the excited crowd. As a third degree black belt in karate, the man’s hands were lethal weapons. Trey had watched him take down four rowdy drunks outside of a honky-tonk in Jacksonville a few months ago. He knew he could let his guard down as long as he had Josh to watch his back. 
Minutes ticked by as Sierra finished her first set to the rousing applause of drunken cowboys swarming the stage to get her attention. 
Trey’s gut clenched with the wrenching jealousy only she could evoke. She was still oblivious to the effect she had on the opposite sex. It had driven him crazy when they were married. Back then, men had enjoyed looking at her, but they would never be crazy enough to lay a hand on his wife. But that was then; divorce had a way of changing the rules in the minds of drunken cowboys hoping to score. Divorce decree or not, Hell would freeze over before he watched another man put his hands on her.
“I wanna thank y’all for comin’ tonight. You may have noticed I’m not your regular Saturday night entertainment.” She flashed a bright white smile at the cowboys’ antics to get her attention. 
“But my old buddy, Jimmy, was nice enough to let me take the stage to help raise some money for a cause that’s near and dear to my heart, The Rainbow Fund. I started this charity several years ago to support parents who have lost a child. We provide grief counseling, ongoing support, and help with funeral expenses.” She paused while the crowd cheered her cause.
Trey felt her words twist his heart in a vice-like grip. She had spent the years since they’d lost their baby making a difference in the lives of countless families who’d suffered the same kind of loss they had, and he had wasted those years on self-indulgence to ease the pain.  
“Trey, it’s good to see you.” Jimmy claimed the chair across from him and extended his hand. 
He followed Trey’s eyes to the stage. “She looks great, doesn’t she?” 
Trey took his hand. “Yeah, she sure does. It was nice of you to do this for her, Jimmy.” 
The old man smiled, his blue eyes crinkling at the corners. “Hell, you know she was always like a daughter to Edna and me. I’m real proud of her.” 
Trey stared at his old friend, realization dawning. “You’ve kept in touch with her?” 
“Sure have. You know she lives in Oklahoma now?” 
Trey shook his head. He knew so little about the woman who had once been his whole world. It would have been easy enough to find out where life had taken her, but it hurt too much to even think about the fact that she had been able to move on without him. He had been going through the motions the past five years, making music, touring, partying, but definitely not living. “No, I didn’t know that.”  
“Edna and I get up there to visit when we can. She calls and emails us a couple of times a month.  She’s worked real hard, got a nice life for herself.” He eyed the shot glass on the table. “I wouldn’t want to see anything mess that up, son.” 
Marisa laid her hand over Jimmy’s, smiling affectionately at him. “No one wants to hurt her, Jimmy. We all love Sierra.” 
He nodded, accepting Marisa’s assurance. “We haven’t seen you around in a while, boy. Have y’all been on the road?” 
Trey’s eyes followed Sierra as she left the stage, the swing of her shapely hips, the click of her spiked heels on the scarred wood floor, the toss of her hair over her shoulder as she slid through the crowd, smiling at the dozens of men trying to capture her interest. “No, been in the studio working on the new album.” 
“How’s it going?” 
Trey thought about confiding in his old friend, the man who had given him a break when no one else would, but his gaze slid to his sister and he thought better of it. He didn’t need to give his family any more reasons to worry about him. “It’s comin’ along.”
“Glad to hear it. I’ll be lookin’ for it.”
“Trey.” 
Just the sound of her voice stirred something in him, making him feel alive again. “Sierra.” 

Chapter Two


Sierra couldn’t believe she was standing face-to-face with her ex-husband after all these years. He looked the same, yet different somehow. His cocky, trademark smile gave way to uncertainty as he searched her face. The confidence he always wore like a second skin was replaced by a slight slump to his broad shoulders. He was still the most attractive man she’d ever laid eyes on, but he looked tired, defeated.  
Before she could find the words to bridge the gap, she was in his arms. She didn’t know if she’d moved toward him in an unconscious attempt to ease his pain or he’d given in to the urge to pull her into his arms. Either way, it was so sudden, so unexpected, that she didn’t have time to prepare herself for the riot of sensations. The familiar scent of his spicy aftershave, the strength of his muscled biceps, the way her traitorous body reacted, moulding her soft curves against his hard muscles as though her body had been made to respond to him and only him. Being in his arms again was like a bittersweet homecoming, familiar and comfortable, yet torturous. 
Shaking her head, she pushed against his chest. No. She couldn’t allow herself to go there. He wasn’t her lover anymore; he wasn’t even her friend. She had moved on with a new life, a new love, and she’d be damned if she would let him draw her back in with memories of the past. 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have done that. It’s just so damn good to see you.” 
He smiled that familiar, crooked smile, revealing straight white teeth.  That was the smile she’d fallen in love with the first time she saw him on the college football field seventeen years ago. The same smile she had learned to hate, mocking her on magazine covers after the divorce, claiming he was happy to be a free man and ready to move on with his life. 
“Just don’t let it happen again, cowboy. You gave up that right a long time ago.” She refused to feel guilty when a flash of pain shot through his blue eyes. He made his choices years ago; now he had to live with the consequences.   
Marisa stood to give her a hug. “You sounded great, Sierra.”  
“Thanks.” 
Sierra grinned at Trey’s bodyguard, who had once been her good friend in college. “I heard you were getting paid to protect his sorry ass now. Used to be you had to do it for free on the football field.”
Josh coughed, masking a chuckle. “It’s a job.”  He stood and drew her into a hug. “It’s good to see you, sweetheart. It’s been way too long.” 
She fought back an unexpected wave of sadness as she returned Josh’s embrace. He had been like family to her when she and Trey were married. While Josh maintained a friendship with her younger sister, Lexi, his allegiance was to Trey, which naturally excluded her from his inner circle. “It’s good to see you too, Josh.” 
She cleared her throat and forced a smile when she turned to Jimmy. “I’m glad you and Edna talked me into doing this, Jimmy. I’d forgotten how much fun it is to be on stage.”   
“How ‘bout singing with me, for old times’ sake?” Trey asked, folding his arms over his chest. His body language said he was either challenging her or trying to protect himself against the inevitable rejection. Knowing him, it was likely a challenge. He expected her to back down.
He was about to find out that she wasn’t the same naïve girl his divorce lawyers had driven out of town, homeless and penniless. She was older, wiser, and life had taught her how to stand up to a challenge. 
“Sure, why not? I’d do just about anything to raise money for my cause. Even if it means sharing a stage with you.” She turned to Jimmy. “Can we use this, Jimmy?” 
He tipped his cowboy hat back on his head to reveal a shock of silver hair. “What did you have in mind?” 
She inclined her head toward Trey. “Maybe raise the price of drinks during our set and let people know they’re paying a premium to hear him sing, but additional proceeds will go to the charity?” 
“Tell you what. How ‘bout all proceeds go to your charity during this set? Hell, it’ll be a pleasure just to see you two sing together again. Remember how you two used to pack this place?” Jimmy laughed, sobering quickly as he regarded the two of them. “You sure you want to do this, darlin’?”
Trey stepped forward before she could respond. “Let me address the crowd, see if I can’t get them to be a little more generous.” 
“You would do that?” She hadn’t meant to sound awed, but she was. Her ex had been a self-centered egomaniac, fixated on his rise to the top. He spent years teasing her about her altruistic ideals. Now he wanted to help her raise money for charity? He used to give a small fortune away to various causes every year, but according to him, that was just good public relations. He always drew the line at lending his name to a cause if it meant taking away from time he could spend solidifying his standing as the reigning king of country music. 
His fingers wrapped around her forearm. “I have a lot of respect for what you’re trying to do for those families, Sierra. I’ll do anything I can to help.” 
She reared back when she felt his touch sear her skin through the thin barrier of cotton. He shouldn’t be able to make her feel this way, not after the pain he’d caused or the abuse she’d endured at the hands of his legal team. The only thing she should feel for this man was contempt, so why couldn’t she draw on the protective barrier of resentment she had cultivated since the divorce? 
“Okay, well, would you like some more information about the organization before you go up there?” 
“You know me, honey, I don’t give speeches. I speak from the heart.” He grabbed her left hand to kiss it and brought his lips to her diamond engagement ring instead. 
She saw the question in his eyes when he dropped her hand to her side. She wanted to feel triumphant, wanted to brag about her new man and her new life, but she couldn’t bring herself to form the words. “Well, good luck then.” 
“Thanks,” he whispered, brushing past her. 
Maybe time had softened old wounds or maybe her newfound happiness allowed her to let go of some of the resentment toward her ex. Whatever it was, she couldn’t conjure up the anger she’d expected to feel when she saw him tonight. She just felt sad. Maybe she was finally ready to mourn the loss of their relationship in a healthy way and find closure with Trey so she could move on with her wedding plans.	
“How y’all doin’ tonight?” Trey laughed at the response of the raucous crowd. 
Sierra knew these were his people, his place. He was in his element here and she felt something akin to pride. This was the man she once knew. So confident on stage he could bring the house down. Whether he was performing for 40 people in a honky-tonk or forty thousand in a sold-out stadium, he was a performer who poured his heart into his music, and she had no doubt that these patrons were in for an unforgettable night. 
“I know you’re all here to have a good time tonight, but I’d like to ask for just a minute of your time. I’m up here tonight because of a cause and a lady who’s real important to me.” He raised his arm toward the back of the room. “Y’all got to hear what an amazing singer Sierra Tur- Brooks is, right?” Trey laughed when the crowd responded with a chorus of “Hell yeah.” 
“Some of you may also remember Sierra as my wife.” 
A murmur moved through the crowd. 
“I don’t like to talk about my personal life, but I’m gonna make an exception tonight. Sierra founded The Rainbow Fund because of a personal tragedy she and I suffered a long time ago— the loss of our baby girl. She was born premature and she was with us for only eight days, but she was the light of my life.” 
Sierra sank into the chair Trey had deserted. She hadn’t been ready for this tonight. She knew that coming back to Jimmy’s would be hard, but she wasn’t prepared to see her ex again, wasn’t prepared to hear him stand up in front a room full of people and talk about something he hadn’t even been able to share with her: his grief. 
“When she died, a part of me died too. That experience changed me, changed my life, and no matter the circumstances surrounding the loss, there is no pain in the world greater than losing your child. For those of you who have children, go home tonight and tell them you love them. Hold them tight for those of us who wish we still had the chance to do just that.” 
Sierra brushed away the tears, determined to hold it together, terrified of letting him see her fall apart. It had been years since she’d allowed herself to succumb to the grief. She’d forced herself to channel those dark, debilitating emotions into something productive. So how could his words still have the power to devastate her after all these years? Because these were the words she’d longed to hear when they lost their little girl. She wanted him to talk to her about his feelings, about the hopes and dreams that would never be realized. Instead, he’d shut down, shut her out, and found his solace living on a tour bus, sinking in the depths of a bottle.
Marisa reached across the table and took her hand. “Hey, are you okay?” 
She nodded her head, afraid to speak, afraid to free the emotions clawing for release.  
“I want to ask y’all to do me a favour tonight. I know that times are tough, but I wanna ask you to reach into your pockets to support this amazing cause that Sierra has poured her heart and soul into. Sierra and I are going to be singing a few songs for you in just a little bit and Jimmy was generous enough to donate proceeds from these ‘premium’ drink sales to The Rainbow Fund.” 
The crowd applauded Jimmy, who stood and tipped his hat. 
“I think I see a donation jar set up on the bar over there and I’m sure Sierra would be happy to give you some more info on how you can help this amazing cause. In addition, I’d like to step up and donate $100,000 to The Rainbow Fund.” 
The crowd cheered and clapped, and the women surrounding the small stage looked at him with adoration in their eyes. 
He looked toward the table where she sat, having no idea she was battling a deluge of feelings that had been buried behind the safety of a protective barrier too long: bitterness, disappointment, anguish, and the ache of a destructive love that threatened to consume her with its intensity. “Sierra, could you stand up for just a minute?” 
She was crazy to think they could make amends. He clearly thought he could walk back into her life, throw some money at her, and make up for the tragedy he’d left her to face alone. There was no amount of money in the world that could repair her broken heart or erase her agonizing memories of those months after their daughter died. His need for money and power was one of the reasons their marriage fell apart, and now he wanted to use that money to make himself look like a hero to his fans. They could hold on to that idealistic image of him, but she knew the truth. Her ex-husband was a liar and a coward.  
Reluctantly, at the prodding of Jimmy and Marisa, she stood and glared at him. 
“Sierra, on behalf of all the parents who have lost a child, I want to thank you for all The Rainbow Fund does to help the families of these children deal with their loss. You are an angel.” 
She wasn’t about to stand there with a smile and a wave, making nice with this man, accepting his false gratitude and praise for the cause that was her lifeline.  She’d watch his money burn before she’d allow him to use it to ease his guilty conscience. It was too little, too late. 
She should have trusted her instincts and left the past where it belonged: dead and buried. 
Before he could continue his hypocritical tribute, she forced her way through the stunned crowd, fleeing to the safety of a dressing room that was more of a prison of memories than a safe refuge. 
Chapter Three 


Trey watched Sierra beat a hasty retreat to the dressing room and knew he’d just blown the only chance he may ever get to make amends. She still hated him; that much was obvious. He couldn’t blame her. He hated himself for the mess he’d made of their marriage. 
He knocked on the door to her dressing room and walked in before she could tell him to get lost. The room looked exactly the same as it had the night she told him she was filing for divorce. 
Memories shouldn’t have the power to render you speechless, but these did. It was like he was stepping back in time. Same room, same girl, and she was still distraught because of the pain he’d caused. Only tonight, he was stone-cold sober and he’d do whatever it took to make things right between them. He’d be damned if he let her walk out of his life with so many things left unsaid. 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, sliding his hands into the pockets of his jeans so he wouldn’t be tempted to reach out and touch her. 
“For what?” She sniffled and dabbed at her eyes with a tissue. 
“Everything.” He lowered himself to the leather couch, the same couch where they’d made love countless times. He stroked the aged, distressed leather and remembered a time when her body had been so warm and willing. Now, it was trembling with unshed tears and he hated knowing that he was the cause. 
“I thought I could handle this,” she whispered. She paced the small room. “I thought I had put this behind me.” 
“I was just trying to make up for the past the only way I knew how, baby.”
She turned on him, her blonde hair fanning out around her shoulders. “Don’t you dare call me that.”
“I’m sorry.” He’d always called her that when they made love. At least she remembered. “You really do hate me, don’t you?” 
“Yes, no. Hell, I don’t know.” She sank into the chair across from him and tucked her legs under her. “I want to hate you. I should hate you, but I’m tired of living with this anger.  I just want to let it go so I can move on with my life.” 
He looked at her engagement ring. It was big, bright, and sparkly. It mocked him with its brilliance. It was three times the size of the engagement ring he’d been able to give her when he proposed. He’d promised one day to replace it with the ring she deserved. Apparently, some other guy had beaten him to it. “It looks like you’ve already moved on with your life.”
Her eyes flashed with anger. “Don’t say it like that, like I don’t have the right to be happy.”
He sighed, frustrated that everything he said incensed her. “Of course you deserve to be happy.”
She scoffed, bitterness flashing in her eyes. “Just not with any other man, is that it?” 
He chuckled, in spite of his foul mood. “Hell no, I don’t even want to picture you with another man. It makes me crazy.”
She gave him a half-smile. “You always were a jealous, possessive, overprotective jerk.” 
He shrugged his shoulders, unable to deny the claim. “I guess some things never change.” 
“How do you think I felt?” 
He frowned. “What do you mean?” 
She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the back of the chair. “Seeing your face with countless women, each more beautiful than the last, splashed across the cover of every magazine in the country weeks after I left.” Her voice broke. “You said you were glad to be free. That you weren’t cut out for marriage.” 
He leaned forward in his seat, knowing how important this was. He had made so many mistakes. He couldn’t afford to screw this up. “I’m so sorry for the things I said back then. I was drunk every day for almost a year after you left. I couldn’t form a coherent thought. Every statement I made to the press was just the ramblings of a drunk, bitter man who was destroyed because the woman he loved more than life itself dumped his sorry ass.”
She opened her eyes and smiled through her tears. “Thanks for saying that. I needed to hear it. I hated believing that our marriage meant so little to you.” 
“Our marriage meant everything to me,” he whispered. 
She brushed away the tears. “Then why didn’t you fight harder to try to save it? Why did you refuse to even acknowledge me after Callie’s death? God, Trey, I felt so alone.” 
He got up and moved to the edge of her chair, pulling her into his arms. He didn’t know if she would let him console her now, but he had to try. “I’m ashamed of the way I acted after Callie’s death. I hated myself and I just assumed you hated me too. It was my fault.” 
She leaned into him, resting her hand on his thigh. “No, it wasn’t your fault. It was an accident. You have to forgive yourself, or you’ll never be able to move on with your life.” 
He moved to sit on the coffee table in front of her. He needed to look into her eyes, try to read her reaction. “What if I don’t want to move on with my life?” 
“You have to move on. You have to get past all this anger and self-loathing, Trey. We both made mistakes. Maybe I should have stayed, tried harder, insisted we get counseling.”
He grabbed her hand and he was relieved when she didn’t pull away. “Why didn’t you?” 
“I’d already lost you to the bottle. I didn’t know how to fight that. I just got so tired of trying.” 
She glanced at their joined hands before meeting his eyes. “You knew that my father was an alcoholic. I couldn’t go through that again.” 
“I know, Sierra. I’m so sorry. God, you deserved so much better than that.” 
“Now I’ve found it.” 
He hated that she’d moved on, found someone else, but he couldn’t begrudge her happiness. 
“I’m glad.” 
“You deserve to be happy too, Trey.” 
He rolled his eyes. He knew there were special places in Hell for self-centered, egotists like him. 
“You do, but you’ll never find it at the bottom of a bottle.” 
He got up and crossed the room. He was ashamed of himself, his weakness. “How did you know I was drinking again?” 
“Your sister told me.” 
He eyed the liquor bottles on the side table. “Marisa should learn to mind her own damned business.”   
She crossed the room and grabbed his shoulders to turn his attention away from the bottles. “She’s worried about you. So are your parents.”
He felt her hands slide down his biceps and it took everything in him not to draw her closer, press her body against his. “How do you know so much about it?” 
“I’ve kept in touch with your family, Trey.”
She was close enough for him to inhale her fragrance, a hint of sultry perfume and her. The heady scent that had always aroused him still had the power to bring him to his knees. “God, you’re beautiful.” He caressed her cheek with the back of his hand and watched with satisfaction as her eyes drifted closed. 
“Trey, please,” she whispered, flattening her palms against his chest. “Don’t do this.”    
“I can’t help it. I was never able to get close to you without wanting to touch you. We used to be so good together, remember?” She stepped out of his embrace and he cursed himself for having said too much. 
“I don’t want to remember.” She turned away from him. “I can’t live in the past anymore.”
He pulled her back against his chest and felt her stiffen before relaxing into him. He bent down to whisper in ear. “I can’t let go of the past. I can’t let go of you.” His hands spanned her waist and he nudged her against his arousal. “Do you remember what it felt like? How good it was between us?” 
She took a deep breath. “No.” 
He chuckled in her ear. “Liar.” His hand snaked around her waist and he pulled her body flush with his.  
“Is it like this with him?” He knew he was taking a risk, but he couldn’t help himself, he needed to know. 
“It was explosive between you and me,” she whispered. “It doesn’t have to be like that to be good.” 
“Mmm.” His tongue flicked against her earlobe and he felt her sharp intake of breath as she sank against him. “It was amazing, baby. Like nothing I’ve ever experienced before or since. You?” 
She seemed to rally the strength to step out of his arms and took a step away before turning to face him. “You’re an amazing lover, Trey. The best I’ve ever had, but that doesn’t change anything.”
He clenched his fists at his sides, knowing his touch would be unwelcome. How could she belong to another man when she still responded to him as she always had? They were always a word or caress away from hitting the sheets; the sexual tension in the room proved that was still the case. “Did you ever respond to another man like this when you were with me?” 
She folded her arms over her chest. “What does that have to do with anything?” 
A snap on her shirt had come unbuttoned and he glanced at the swell of her breasts over the cups of her lacy bra. He stifled a primal growl. “Answer me. Did you ever want another man while you were sharing my bed?” He knew he was taking a risk. She could tell him to go to Hell, walk out on him again, but he had to know the truth. 
She worked her bottom lip between her teeth. “No, of course not.” 
“But you want me now and you’re sharing his bed. What does that tell you?” He knew he was pushing too hard, too fast, but he was suddenly desperate to make her acknowledge they still had a connection. He didn’t know when she planned to marry her fiancé, but something told him he had to act now or risk losing her forever.     
She went to the other side of the room to retrieve her purse. She pulled her phone out of an inside pocket and feigned interest in the screen. “I can’t believe you have the nerve to question my relationship.” 
He walked toward her, able to read her body language because he knew her so well. Nervous, agitated, definitely aroused. “You’re not sleeping with him, are you?” He saw the truth in her eyes before it was replaced with a flash of anger. 
“That’s none of your business.” 
He felt like someone had thrown him a lifeline; maybe he still had a prayer of undoing the damage he’d done. “How can you marry a guy without knowing whether you’re compatible in bed?” He grabbed her phone, forcing her to look at him. 
“You are such a Neanderthal. Is everything about sex with you?” 
He laughed, realizing he’d smiled more in the last hour than he had in weeks. She brought out the best in him, always had. “You have to admit it makes life more interesting.” 
She glared at him, clearly not amused. “That may be true for you. Some of us have to be in love with someone before we’re willing to jump into bed.” 
Realization dawned as he took a step back, dumbfounded. Was it possible? Had he been her last lover, her only lover? “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” 
“I don’t know.” She pretended to scour her purse. “What do you think I’m saying?” 
“Sierra, when was the last time you had sex?” 
“I’m not going to answer that!” 
He smiled, feeling more satisfied than he had when he’d won his first Country Music Award. She could deny it all night long, but he knew she hadn’t given her body to another man because, in her heart, it still belonged to him. “You don’t have to answer the question. I can see it in your eyes.” 
“Fine, believe whatever you want. Can I have my phone now? I need to respond to Eric’s text message.” 
He felt the weight of despair begin to lift. Maybe it wasn’t too late to reclaim the life he thought he’d lost. Slipping the phone into his breast pocket, he asked, “Why don’t you come over here and get it, sweetheart?” 
“You’re such an ass, Trey.” She pulled on the fabric of his shirt, drawing him closer. Her eyes settled on his as her teeth nipped her lower lip. 
A knock on the door prevented him from sweeping his tongue across her lower lip, halting her internal battle. 
Jimmy poked his head in the door. “Everything okay in here?” 
Sierra turned her head and smiled at Jimmy. 
Her smile hindered Trey’s breathing. He needed to be the man to make her smile, every day for the rest of her life. Engagement or no engagement, he had to get her back.    
“Yeah, everything’s fine, Jimmy. We’ll be out in a minute,” Sierra said. 
“See that ya are now. That crowd has swelled to twice the size and they’re gettin’ restless.” 
Trey couldn’t take his eyes off her. He wanted her, needed her, now. “We’ll be right there, Jim.” 
“Okay.” The door closed behind him with a soft click.  
“Sierra, I...” 
She pressed her fingertips against his lips. “Don’t, please don’t.” She snatched her phone from his hand before going to the small make-up table in the corner of the room. “Can you give me a minute alone?”
He wanted to object, but he knew he had no choice. “On one condition.” 
She glanced at him in the mirror. “What’s that?” 
“We finish this conversation before you leave tonight? I have a proposition for you.” 
“Your proposition won’t change anything, Trey.” 
“We’ll see about that,” he whispered, closing the door behind him. 
Chapter Four 


Trey knew he was going to have to break down Sierra’s defences to get her to agree to his plan. He had something she wanted, and she had something he needed. He just had to make her believe their partnership could be mutually beneficial. 
Despite his reckless lifestyle, he had been raised in a strict Baptist home and he lived his life by the moral code he’d learned at his daddy’s knee. Two of the lessons he’d heeded were to be faithful to your woman and never tread into another man’s territory. God help him, he was about to break one of his daddy’s commandments.  He didn’t give a damn about Sierra’s fiancé. As far as he was concerned, a man who couldn’t satisfy her in the bedroom didn’t deserve to have her in his bed. The thought of crossing that line wouldn’t have occurred to him with any other woman, but with Sierra, all bets were off. His heart and his gut told him she would always belong to him, just as he would always belong to her. Now he just had to make her believe that. His chest constricted when he saw her making her way to the stage. He loved her now more than ever. It terrified him how much he still wanted her, needed her in his life. 
She climbed the stairs leading up to the stage and caught him off guard with a brilliant smile, all bright white teeth and dimples. 
“You ready to do this, hotshot?” 
He grinned. “Bring it on, baby.” 
He’d taken a few minutes to bring the band up to speed on his song choices and, since he hadn’t briefed her, she would have no choice but to follow his lead. He’d purposely chosen songs that she would know. Some of their old favourites, including a song he’d written for her on his debut album. 
He addressed the crowd and got them fired up, before singing the first few bars of their song. He saw the silent protest in her eyes as realization dawned. He knew he was hitting below the belt, but if this was his only chance, he was determined to make it count. 
She was a professional and didn’t miss a beat. She sang his words back to him with the angst of a woman fighting to hold on to a lost love. He knew her too well to think she was putting on a show for the benefit of the crowd. She still felt something for him and that gave him something he hadn’t had in a long time: hope. 
By the time their last song ended, Sierra was desperate to escape the haunting memories he evoked. He was like her drug of choice, dangerous, just a heartbeat away from dragging her into that destructive, old pattern that had nearly destroyed her.  
He was systematically lowering her defences, drawing her in with familiar words, bone-melting perusals, and intimate caresses. Whatever his proposition, she knew she would have to stay strong to resist him. She wasn’t willing to jeopardize her hard-fought peace of mind for a few all-consuming nights of passion. 
She knew he wanted to prove a point. He wanted her to believe that Eric wasn’t the man for her because he wasn’t able to satisfy her in the bedroom. He may have been able to convince the naïve girl he’d married that sex was the foundation of a good relationship, but the battle-weary woman he divorced knew better than to believe that sex, no matter how good, could obliterate all of the problems in a relationship. She and Trey were able to relate on a carnal level up until their last night together, but the emotional connection had died months before. That’s why she now chose friendship before love and passion. She loved her fiancé, not in the same foolhardy way she’d loved Trey, but with the maturity of a woman who’d been married and divorced and now realized that love didn’t have the power to conquer all. 
She let him take her hand as they took their last bow for the crowd and tried to ignore the tingling sensation skittering up her arm. She had to get out of here now, before she did or said something she would never be able to forget. She tried to pull away, but he kept a firm grip on her hand as he led her through the throngs of people pleading with him for an autograph. Fortunately, Josh and several bouncers were there to control the crowd and give them the space they needed to make their way to the dressing room. 
Trey closed the door and turned the lock before turning to face her. “We still have that magic. Don’t tell me you couldn’t feel it.” 
She was still reeling from the music, the fans, and their adoration for this man who had once been her whole world. She wanted to pretend she wasn’t affected by him, but it was futile.  He was too sexy, too virile, and it had been too long. 
She took a shaky breath and tried to reclaim her composure. “Whether we do or not is irrelevant. Look, Trey, I did what I came here to do. I reconnected with some old friends, made some money for my charity, and kept my word to your sister. Now, I’d just like to go back to my hotel room and spend some time with Eric.”
She knew her words would cut deep, but it was her only hope of escaping the temptation to pick up where they’d left off five years ago. 
He clenched his jaw and withdrew her phone from his pocket. “Fair enough, I’ll give your phone back in exchange for five minutes of your time.” 
She sighed, sinking into the chair behind her. She knew better than to argue with Trey once he had made up his mind. She would give him five minutes and not a moment longer. “The clock is ticking.”
He claimed a seat on the sofa across from her and propped his booted feet on the coffee table between them. “Do you still write music, Sierra?” 
She frowned, surprised by the question. “Sometimes. Why do you ask?” 
He took a deep breath, tossing her phone on the cushion beside him. “Did you hear about the car accident I was in a year ago?” 
“Of course. It was front page news. I’m glad you were okay.” Truth be told, she’d been terrified when she’d heard about the accident. She had picked up the phone to call him a dozen times, just to make sure he was okay. But in the end, she’d settled with second-hand accounts of his condition from his parents and his sister. 
“You must have also heard about the people who lost their lives.” 
She leaned forward, wishing she could do something to ease his pain. She could only imagine the effect that must have had on him, given the way they lost their own daughter. “I was so sorry to hear about that little girl and her mother. It must have been difficult for you.” 
“There’s something that never made the papers.” He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. “I was with her when she died. She cried and told me she wanted her daddy. I told her she would be able to see her daddy real soon, but that I’d stay with her until help arrived.” 
She moved to the seat beside him, setting her phone on the table. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered. 
“She asked me to talk to her until the ambulance got there.” He opened his eyes and shifted his body until they were facing each other. “She was in bad shape, barely able to whisper, but she asked me questions.”
She took his hand in hers, sensing he needed to tell someone his story. “Like what?” 
“She recognized me.” He smiled at the memory. “She asked me to tell her what it was like to be famous. She said she’d hoped to be a famous dancer someday.” His voice cracked. “I told her to hold on to that dream.”
She allowed the tears to fall unchecked. “Go on,” she whispered. 
“She asked me if I had any kids.” He looked her in the eye. “I told her I’d lost my little girl. She asked how it had happened.” 
She squeezed his hand. “Did you tell her?”
He took a deep, steadying breath. “I didn’t want to, but I didn’t want to lie to her, either.” 
Her heart broke for him, unable to imagine how he must have felt watching that little girl slip away and being helpless to stop it. “You did the right thing, Trey.” 
He nodded, his pale blue eyes filling with tears. “She asked me if I thought Callie was in Heaven.” He cleared his throat. “I told her I did.” 
“You know she is.” 
“She asked me if I thought she’d go to Heaven too.” He choked back a sob. “I told her I did. She told me she’d say hi to Callie for me, and then she was gone.” 
She moved into his embrace and held him while he fought for control. She and Trey had been through so much together, but never had she seen him look so defeated. He had always been the strong one in their marriage, her shoulder to lean on. Now, she was able to return the favour, and if she could do anything to ease his pain, it would be worth the risk to her heart. 
She pulled back to look at him. “I can’t even imagine what that must have been like for you. I’m so sorry you had to go through that.” 
“Thanks for listening. I’ve never been able to talk to anyone about it. I knew you were the only person who would understand.” 
“I do understand.” She touched his cheek, wiping away the path of his tears. “I know how you feel about counseling, but I think you may need it before you can put all of this behind you.” 
He sighed. “You might be right. I’ll think about it.” He took her hands in his, looking her in the eye. “I need your help.” 
She took a deep breath, afraid of her answer as much as his question. She knew how difficult it was for him to let his guard down and ask for help. It would be difficult to say no, even for the sake of self-preservation. “Go on.” 
“Sierra, I really need your help on this album.” 
She let out the breath she’d been holding, relieved that he hadn’t asked for a favour of a more personal nature. “I don’t understand. How could I help you with that?”
“We wrote some amazing songs together for my debut album.” 
“So?”
He looked away, glancing at the minibar. “I haven’t been able to write anything since the accident.” 
She gasped before she could rein in her reaction. “Are you serious?” She knew Trey’s writing was his therapy. She could only imagine how tormented he must be now, having all of his creativity locked in the prison of his mind. 
He scrubbed his face with his hand. “I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to get it back.” 
“I thought I heard you were due to release a new album soon?” 
“I am; that’s the problem.” 
She hated to suggest it, knowing how much he would hate the idea. “Have you thought about using another songwriter’s material?” 
He feigned a smile. “You’re kidding, right? I just signed with a new label. If they found out about this, I’d be history.” 
She shook her head. “I don’t believe that. You’re at the top of your game. Everything you touch turns to gold, Trey.” She grinned, trying to lighten the mood. “Make that platinum.” 
He looked her in the eye, exposing his vulnerability. “Tell me you’ll collaborate with me on this album. It might help me to get the creative juices flowing if I have someone like you to feed off. Please say you’ll do this for me. I’ll make it worth your while, financially.” 
She thought about what that kind of money would mean for the foundation and was tempted to accept his offer, but when she thought about the effect it would have on her relationship with Eric, she knew she would have to decline. “I’m sorry. I can’t.” 
“I know you don’t owe me anything, Sierra. But I think this could be win-win. You help me and I could help you with your charity.” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“I could be your spokesperson.” 
The air drained from her lungs. A spokesperson of Trey’s status would make her charity a household name. It was everything she’d ever hoped for, but never dreamed possible. Dare she accept? How could she not? Those families were counting on her. “I’ll do it, on two conditions.” 
He grinned. “Just name it. Anything you want.” 
“I want you to promise me you’ll stop drinking.” 
His smile fell. “Damn it,” he whispered. 
“I know it won’t be easy, but I can’t work with you otherwise.” 
He shook his head. “Fine, I’ll do it, whatever it takes. What’s the other condition?” 
“Our relationship has to remain strictly professional. You need to respect the fact that I’m engaged to another man. I don’t want you to think of me as your ex-wife; I want you to think of me as your partner on this project, nothing more.” 
His hot gaze travelled the length of her body. “I think it’ll be easier to give up the bottle, baby.” She glared at him and folded her arms over her chest. “I’m serious, Trey.” 
His gaze finally settled on her eyes. “Okay.” He extended his hand. “It’s a deal.” 
Chapter Five 


Trey woke up the morning after his talk with Sierra feeling better than he had in years. He’d finally been able to share his secret. He had Sierra back in his life and a reason to feel hopeful for the first time in a long while.
He wandered down the expansive hallway, admiring the original oil paintings Sierra had chosen when they built their dream home. Most of the time, her cherished possessions had served as a bitter reminder of the fact she was gone, but today it kindled the hope that had started to stir last night. 
He may have made countless mistakes during their last year together, but nothing could erase the ten amazing years they’d had before that, or the amazing chemistry that still burned hot enough to ignite a raging inferno between them.    
He smiled at the sight of his live-in housekeeper, Valerie, squeezing orange juice into a crystal pitcher at the kitchen counter. She had been the one constant in his life for the past fifteen years. 
She had been with him soon after the release of his first album, throughout his marriage and divorce, the loss of his daughter, and his bouts with alcohol. She had also been one of the few people brave enough to call him out this past year when he’d been hiding from the world. He couldn’t imagine his life without her. 
He bent over to kiss her wrinkled cheek and she giggled like a schoolgirl. “Morning, beautiful.” He sat down at the huge mahogany table, anxious to share his news. Val loved Sierra fiercely and was devastated when they gave up on their marriage. 
She glanced over her shoulder. “What put you in such a good mood this morning? It’s been months since you’ve hauled your behind out of bed before eleven o’clock.” She set fresh blueberry muffins in a basket and turned the oven timer off. 
“I ran into an old friend last night.” As he said it, he realized it was true. Sierra had been his best friend for eleven years and he missed having her as his confidante almost as much as he missed having her as his lover.   
Val snorted as she set the muffin basket on the table. “Must be a woman to put a smile like that on your face.” She looked down the hall toward the master suite. “Is she still here?” 
Trey grinned and snagged a warm muffin. “I wish I could say she came home with me last night, but she didn’t.” 
Val turned back to the counter to retrieve the butter dish. “You must be losing your touch.” 
“We’ll see about that.” He checked his watch. “She should be here in about half an hour.” 
Val turned toward him, her hands fisted on her ample waist. “When are you going to grow up, Trey Turner? How do you expect to get your life together if you continue to waste your time with these money-grubbing airheads?”
Trey placed his tongue firmly in cheek. “This one’s not an airhead, Val. In fact, she has a master’s degree in social work.”
She fluffed her grey curls and snorted. “Is that what she told you?”
He laughed as he stirred a lump of sugar into his coffee. “It’s true. She’s amazing. She’s even started a charity for families who’ve lost a child. It’s called The Rainbow Fund.”
Val sank into the seat across from him, her face ashen. “You saw Sierra last night? She’s coming here?”
He pointed his butter knife at her. “Ah ha! I knew you’d kept in touch with her after the divorce.”
Val dismissed his accusation with the wave of her hand. “Of course, we all have.”
Trey set his knife down carefully. “What does that mean?”
“Me, Jimmy, Edna, Marisa, your folks.” She shrugged her shoulders. “We loved her too, Trey. Why should we cut all ties just because you were too thick to know a good thing when you had it?”
Trey laughed and took her hand, kissing the back soundly. Val didn’t pull any punches and it made him love her all the more. “I still can’t believe my folks have maintained a relationship with her. They never said a word to me about it.”
Val frowned. “I don’t see why that should surprise you. They loved her like she was their own daughter. Hell, we all felt that way. Sierra always tried to be so strong, but there was this sad, vulnerable quality that made you want to protect her.”
“Tell me about it,” he muttered. 
She glared at him, swatting his hand when he reached for another muffin. “You were the one who vowed to protect her and keep her safe. You let her down.”
Trey looked his old friend in the eye, feeling ashamed he’d disappointed her. “I’m sorry for all the mistakes I’ve made, Val. I want to try and make up for it.”   
She passed him the fruit platter. “It’s too late for that. She’s got a new man in her life. They’re getting married.”
He dipped his head, concentrating on the colourful platter. It still felt like a blade to the chest whenever he thought about her marrying another man. “She told me.”
“You’d better not have any ideas in that fool head about trying to break them up.”
Busted. Damn, she knew him too well. “What makes you think that?”
She pointed a chubby finger at him. “You get that idea out of your head right now, young man. That girl has been through enough. If she’s found happiness with this new man in her life, then you owe it to her to wish her well.”
He propped his elbows on the table and folded his hands. “I don’t think I can do that, Val. I still love her.”
She touched his arm. “If you love her, prove it. Let her go, son.” 
Trey strolled along the flagstone walkway connecting his sprawling ranch bungalow and music studio. He’d tossed and turned all night thinking about what it meant, having Sierra back in the home they’d shared, making music in the studio where so many number one hits had been born. It had been a magical place for him before the accident and he was confident he and Sierra could make magic there again. His friends and family thought he was crazy to keep the house after the divorce, but to sell it would have meant letting go of the only thing he had left from their marriage, that and the diamond wedding band he still wore. 
He wondered if she’d noticed the ring last night, understood the significance of it. It was more than a band of gold to him. It represented a life he hadn’t been able or willing to relinquish. 
Trey stopped short at the sight of the unfamiliar car parked in front of his studio. A dark blue Mercedes sedan didn’t seem like the kind of car Sierra would drive unless he was sorely mistaken. A social worker didn’t make enough money to afford the rims on one of these cars. Even when they’d been married and he offered to buy her the wheels of her choice, she’d opted for practicality in favour of flash. So, who did the expensive car belong to, and how did its owner get past the security guard at his gatehouse? 
Before he could approach the car, Sierra was getting out of the passenger’s seat. A distinguished-looking man in a dark suit walked around the rear of the car to claim her hand. He smiled down at her and tucked her hand in the crook of his arm before turning toward Trey. 
He extended his hand. “Trey Turner, I presume.” 
Trey acknowledged the man, taking the hand he offered. He sized him up: late fifties, well built, designer suit, Rolex watch, none of which bothered him.  What irked him was the fact that Sierra was looking up at the man with a familiar affection that she used to reserve for him. 
“And you would be?” 
The older man chuckled, looking down at Sierra. “I’m Sierra’s fiancé, Judge Eric Cortright.” 
Trey didn’t know whether to be amused or concerned. He imagined Sierra’s fiancé would be someone much younger, maybe a social worker who shared her passion for helping people. He could have handled a man like that. The judge, on the other hand, looked like a man ready to be reckoned with. 
Not that Trey could blame him; he would have done the same in his situation. Hell, he would never have allowed Sierra to agree to this cozy working relationship with her ex in the first place. 
“Trey, was that Val’s car I saw when we drove up?” Sierra asked. 
“Yeah, she’s in the kitchen.” He crooked a thumb toward the house. “You should go on up and say hello before we get started.”    
Sierra grinned. “I think I will.” She looked up to the man at her side. “Eric, would you like to come? I’d love for you to meet Val.” 
He glanced at Trey. “I think I’ll give you ladies a chance to catch up. I’ll join you in a few minutes, sweetheart.” 
She squeezed his arm. “Okay, I’ll see you soon.” 
Trey watched her walk away. Damn, taking things slow was not going to be easy. Not when he wanted her even more than he had when they met all those years ago. Only then, she was single. Now she was engaged and he had a lifetime of sins to atone for. 
“I know what you’re up to, Turner.” 
Trey turned to see the judge glaring at him. “What do you mean?” 
Eric folded his arms across his chest. “You’re trying to make inroads with my fiancé and you’re using that damn charity to do it.” 
He considered his response. Should he tip his hand or was it too soon? “I admire Sierra’s commitment to The Rainbow Fund, Eric. I’d like to help if I can.” 
“Is that why you offered to donate $100,000 to the cause? Or was that a pathetic attempt to impress your ex-wife?”
Trey struggled to repress his raging temper. He hated this situation, hated being called to task by this arrogant jerk, but if he fought with Sierra’s fiancé, their working relationship would no doubt end before it began. “I don’t owe you an explanation.” He stalked past him and opened the door to the studio. 
“The hell you don’t. She’s my fiancé. Anything that affects her, affects me.” Eric pushed the door open and followed behind him. “Can’t you see that she’s moved on with her life?” 
Trey chuckled. “If that were true, you wouldn’t be here.” 
The judge’s cell phone rang, but he chose to ignore it. “Excuse me?” 
“Why the hell are you here? Sierra’s capable of making her own decisions, and she’s already decided to work with me.” 
“I need to know more about this project before I can allow that.”
Trey laughed. He knew Sierra well enough to know she wouldn’t allow anyone to make decisions on her behalf. He claimed a stool, hooking his cowboy boot over the rung. “Sierra and I are going to be co-writing songs for my new album. In exchange, I’ve offered to be a spokesperson for her charity. End of story. Are you satisfied?”  
“You’ve got a smart mouth, boy. I can’t say that I care for your attitude.” 
Trey smirked. “I can’t say that I care what you think.” He propped his elbows up on the bar top behind him. “Now, it’s my turn to ask a question. Why are you marrying Sierra? I mean, you must have twenty years on her.”
Eric glared at him. “I don’t give a damn about the age difference, and neither does she. Sierra is the most amazing woman I’ve ever met. But I don’t have to tell you that now, do I?”  
Trey was well aware of his former wife’s attributes, which is the reason he’d never been able to get over her. “Have you ever been married?” 
“For twenty-three years. My wife died of cancer seven years ago.” 
Trey lowered his head in deference. “I’m sorry to hear that.” 
“She was a good woman, gave me four beautiful children. I never thought I’d fall in love again, but then I met Sierra and everything changed. She gave me a new lease on life.” 
Trey understood how that could happen. Sierra had come into his world and turned it upside down. “How’d you two meet?”
“I’m something of a philanthropist. I attended a fundraising event for her charity. I was awestruck when I saw her, even more so when I heard her speak about the cause.”  He smiled at the memory.  “I knew right then and there that I wanted to make her my wife.” He chuckled. “Of course, it took me almost two years to convince her.” 
Trey had fallen in love with her at first sight, too. It had taken only a year to convince her to be his bride. 
“I wanted to marry her right away. She wanted to wait,” Eric said. 
“Why?” Was she having doubts about the relationship?
“She has a lot of benefits planned for the charity this year and the idea of planning a wedding seemed like a daunting task. Of course, I offered to hire a wedding planner, but she wouldn’t hear of it. Hell, I offered to fly her to the island of her choice, whatever it takes to make her my wife.” 
Trey thought back to their own wedding, simple and elegant, with their closest friends and family. She had fussed over every detail for months. It was a magical day and she’d been happier than he’d ever seen her. What a fool he’d been. He should have done everything in his power to make her that happy every day. If he had, she would still be his wife. 
“Why the rush to get married?” 
He scowled. “I’m not getting any younger, boy. I know what I want. Why wait?” 
“Perhaps there’s a reason Sierra’s not in a rush to walk down the aisle again.” 
The judge chuckled. “Given the way your marriage ended, I can certainly understand why she would feel that way.” 
The man had a pair; Trey had to give him that. “You don’t know anything about my marriage.” 
“I know everything I need to know. Sierra and I were friends long before we were engaged. She told me about the lonely nights she spent in this house while you were busy promoting your career. She told me about the partying, the drinking, and the women.” He looked at him pointedly. “You were a damn fool. You sure as hell didn’t deserve a woman like Sierra.”
Trey folded his arms across his chest. “If you think I cheated on my wife, you’re dead wrong.” 
“Maybe you did. Maybe you didn’t.” He shrugged his shoulders. “It doesn’t matter what I think. What matters is that your wife was sitting home alone every night, reading about your escapades in the tabloids.” 
Trey glanced at the carefully arranged bottles of liquor. Day one and he was already itching for a drink. “Look, I know that I made mistakes with Sierra, but I loved her more than anything.” 
Eric walked to the window, his hands in his pockets. “If you’re holding out hope for a reconciliation, you can forget it. Sierra’s committed to marrying me.”     
“Is that why she hasn’t been willing to set a date?” 
Eric walked toward him, giving him a look that probably intimidated defendants and lawyers alike. “If you think that means she’s having second thoughts about marrying me, you’re dead wrong, boy.”
Trey smirked. “If you say so, man.”
Eric took a step closer. “I don’t know what you’re up to, but if this is a bid to win Sierra back, you can forget it.” 
Trey decided it was time to lay his cards on the table. “I’m not gonna lie to you. Allowing Sierra to divorce me was the biggest mistake I’ve ever made in my life.” He stood up, standing toe-to-toe with his adversary. “The only mistake that could rival that would be letting her marry another man.” 
Eric clenched his fists at his sides. “Are you telling me you’re still in love with her?” 
“Damn straight.” 
“Bloody hell.” He turned on his heel and began to stalk the room. “You had your chance with her, and when the going got tough, you ran away like the coward you are.” 
“I don’t give a damn what you think of me.” Trey reclaimed his seat on the stool and tried to control the urge to lash out. As much as he hated to admit it, the man was right. He had been a coward. He walked away when he should have fought to save his marriage. “The only opinion that matters to me is Sierra’s.” He sighed. “Look, I’m not proud of the way I handled things, but I’m willing to do whatever it takes to earn a second chance with her.” 
Eric glanced at the bottles in the cabinet above the bar. “You still drinkin’, boy?” 
“Not that I owe you an explanation, but I was sober for several years. I had a setback, but I plan to quit, starting today.” God willing. 
Eric slid into a leather club chair, looking weary. “I see at least a dozen men pass through my courtroom every day because they can’t control their addictions. Sierra doesn’t need that in her life. She grew up with an alcoholic father. She sure as hell doesn’t need the stress of living with another good-for-nothing alcoholic. You’re no better than her father, you know. You may be rich and famous because you were born with a good singing voice, but underneath it all, you’re still a worthless drunk.” 
Trey clenched his teeth so hard he was afraid he may crack a molar. “Why don’t we let Sierra decide whether she thinks I’m worthless?” 
Eric glared at him. “I think she sent that message loud and clear when she divorced you. I know you may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but even you should be able to understand what that means. She’s done with you.” 
“A million bucks says she calls the wedding off inside a month. Are your pockets deep enough to accept that kind of wager, old man?” Trey wasn’t used to wielding money like a weapon, but this man had a way of zeroing in on his deepest fears and insecurities.  
“If you were my son, I’d whoop your ass, boy.” 
Trey chuckled at the older man’s audacity. “Good thing I’m not, ‘cause you’re not man enough to take me on.” 
Eric withdrew a cigar from his pocket. “Didn’t your daddy ever teach you to steer clear of another man’s woman?”  
Trey nodded. “He did.” 
“Well?” 
“Sierra was my woman long before she was yours.” 
“That was then. This is now.” He snipped the end of the cigar and set it between his teeth. 
Trey laced his fingers behind his head. “We’ll see about that. I’m always up for a challenge. May the best man win.” 
“What the hell am I, a blue ribbon at the county fair?” 
Trey glanced over to see his former wife standing in the doorway with a murderous look in her eye. That look used to mean he had two choices: beg forgiveness or carry her off to the bedroom and make her forget his indiscretion. Since he was pretty sure the judge was packing heat, he chose the former.   
Chapter Six 


Trey had the gall to smile at her. She remembered that smile too well. It meant, Busted, but let me make it up to you. She wouldn’t give him the satisfaction, not this time. 
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. Obviously, we were out of line,” Trey said, glancing at his adversary. “I think Eric and I can agree to disagree.” 
Sierra took a deep, steadying breath. She felt like she was dealing with two petulant children instead of grown men. She turned toward her fiancé. “I’m only going to say this one more time, Eric. I’m working with Trey on this project because it will benefit the organization. He understands the ground rules.” She turned toward her former husband. “Isn’t that right, Trey?” 
He shrugged his broad shoulders, feigning indifference. “I think after last night I know exactly where we stand, sweetheart.” He winked at her. 
She wanted to smack that smug smile off his face. This was her life, her future, he was toying with, and she’d be damned if she’d let him get away with it. 
Eric pointed his finger at Trey, his carefully controlled façade slipping. “Goddammit, Sierra. Can’t you see this man for the opportunist he is?” he shouted.  
Trey got up off his stool and stepped between them. “I don’t think I appreciate your tone. You’ll speak to her with respect or you can get the hell off my property.” 
She recognized the fury radiating from Eric. He was an intimidating man, used to getting his own way. In his world, his word was law, and he resented anyone who challenged his authority. 
“That’s enough, both of you.” She grabbed Trey’s arm, forcing him to turn toward her. “Eric and I need a moment alone. Please.” 
Trey turned his head to glare at the other man, considering her request. “I’ll be down by the pool. Just shout if you need me.” 
Eric watched Trey walk out the door before directing his anger at her. He threw his hands up in the air. “How do you expect me to rest knowing you’re here with that, that snake?”
She took a deep breath, trying to diffuse the situation. She knew Eric was furious with her. They’d spent the better part of last night arguing about her decision. He finally relented when she told him he either trusted her enough to make her own decisions or she wouldn’t be able to move forward with their wedding plans. “You know why I have to do this, Eric.” 
“No, I don’t,” he shouted. “You’ve given everything to that goddamn charity. Now you’re sacrificing yourself, too? When is it ever going to be enough?”
They’d had this argument countless times over the past two years. He didn’t understand her commitment to the foundation. He resented the fact that it took away from her time with him. In fact, he’d suggested on more than one occasion that she should find a successor so they would be free to travel once he retired. She’d told him in no uncertain terms that would never happen. Their failure to reach a compromise was yet another reason she had been reluctant to set a wedding date. 
Unfortunately, as of late, the cons were outweighing the pros in their relationship and that scared her. Maybe this time away from him was exactly what she needed to gain some much needed perspective about their relationship. Of course, her attraction to her ex wouldn’t help her to see things more clearly. If anything, it confused her even more.         
“I want you to leave, Eric. Go home. I’ll call you tonight.” 
“So that’s it, then? You want me to just leave you here with him?” 
She folded her arms across her chest. “Don’t you trust me?”
“I trust you. It’s him I don’t trust.” 
“Be that as it may, I’m the one calling the shots. Trey needs me more than I need him. If I feel uncomfortable with the situation, I walk.”
He took a step toward her, taking her hands in his. “Don’t let him tear us apart, sugar.”
She touched his weathered cheek, smiling up at him. “I won’t. Don’t worry, Eric. Go back to Oklahoma. Keep the good citizens safe from those ruthless criminals.” She tried to lighten the mood and ease his fears. She understood why he was afraid of losing her. She was afraid too.  
“Promise you’ll come home to me?” 
She forced a smile. “Of course, I’ll be home before you know it.” 

***

Trey waited in a lounge chair by the pool, trying to relax every tense muscle in his body. Sitting here, doing nothing, went against every instinct he had to protect Sierra. He saw the other man possessed a hair-trigger temper and suppressed rage lurked beneath the surface of his cool veneer. 
If he ever struck out at Sierra, Trey would have to kill him. Judge or not, no one would ever hurt Sierra as long as there was breath in his body. 
He breathed a sigh of relief when he heard her heels clicking on the pavement. He closed his eyes, feigning a sense of calm he didn’t feel. It was too soon for her to know the depth of his feelings for her. She wanted them to maintain a professional relationship. If he pushed for more, he would risk pushing her away. She had to come to him on her own, in her own time. 
“Did you get things settled?” he asked when he heard her claim the chair beside him. 
She sighed. “I don’t know. He’s gone, if that’s what you mean.” 
Trey opened one eye and glanced at her. She was resting her head on the pillow and her eyes were closed. His gaze travelled the length of her body. She wore high-heeled boots, skinny jeans, a tight black tank top, and cropped leather jacket. Her long, blond hair fanned out around her face. Lord have mercy. 
“What are you lookin’ at, cowboy?” 
He laughed. “I didn’t promise I wouldn’t look. I’m not a saint.” 
She opened her eyes, letting her gaze travel his body. “No, you’re definitely a sinner, Turner.” 
He shook his head and chuckled. “Why him, Sierra?” 
He saw her gaze drift to the rolling hills along the property line. 
“I don’t know. He makes me feel safe.”
He didn’t respond at first. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to know anymore. “Why?”
“I know he loves me. Would never cheat on me.” She looked him in the eye. “I know that I’m enough for him.”
“God, Sierra,” he whispered. “You honestly think you weren’t enough for me?” 
She shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. There were groupies everywhere, Trey. The parties, the tours, it was hell.” 
He took a chance and reached over to grab her hand. “I never cheated on you. I need you to believe that.” 
She looked over at him, her eyes searching his face. “I do believe you. I think I would have been able to tell.”
He squeezed her hand, never wanting to let go. “What do you mean?” 
“Like you said, it was intense between us. When we made love...” 
He waited, holding his breath. “Go on.” 
“It was like there was no one else in the world but the two of us. You looked me in the eye every time we came together. I kept waiting for that to change, especially toward the end, but it didn’t.”   
He thought back; she was right. He looked her in the eye when he made love to her because he was trying to express with actions what he couldn’t express with words. “You didn’t think I’d be able to look you in the eye while we were making love if I was having sex with someone else?” 
She nodded. “It may seem silly, but I held on to that hope.” 
“You were right.” He let go of her hand, throwing his legs over the side of the chair so he could face her. “The bedroom seemed like the only place we still connected toward the end, didn’t it?” 
She nodded, looking sad. “Yeah, I kept holding on to that connection, hoping it would be enough to get us through, but it wasn’t. Hell, you were so drunk the last time I don’t think you would have known the difference, me or someone else, as long as you had a warm body underneath you.” 
Her words cut deep. He hated that he’d allowed his drinking to come between them. “I’m sorry.” 
“How long before you slept with someone else?” she asked. 
Shit. He couldn’t lie to her. He hesitated, knowing his answer may prevent him from earning the second chance he so desperately wanted. 
“Forget it,” she said, quietly. “You don’t have to answer that. I’m trying to move forward. I can’t do that if I’m living in the past, can I?” 
She was giving him an out, but he wasn’t willing to take it. “It was the night you told me you were filing for divorce.” 
“Shit,” she whispered. “I wish I hadn’t asked.” 
He slid her legs over so he could sit at the bottom of her chair. “Sierra, you’ve got to understand. I was wrecked that night.” 
She kicked him in the gut with her high-heeled boot, knocking him off balance. “You slept with me that night, you son of a bitch.” 
He pinned her ankles to prevent her from kicking him again. “I’m sorry.” His hands slid up her legs, resting on her thighs. “I was already loaded, and when you told me you wanted a divorce, I couldn’t handle it.” He tipped her chin so she was looking at him. He cursed the tears sliding down her cheeks. “I had a feeling you were going to ask for a divorce, but when we made love, I thought you’d reconsidered. Fuck, you blindsided me, Sierra.” 
She swiped at the tears with the back of her hand. “That was a mistake. We shouldn’t have had sex that night.” 
“We didn’t. We made love, just like every other time.” He took her hand and she glanced down at their joined hands. 
“What the hell is this?” she asked, sliding his wedding ring around on his finger. 
He smiled. “What does it look like?”
“It looks like you’re trying to use our past to get to me.” 
“You think I put this on for your benefit?” 
She scowled at him. “Of course. What other reason could there be?” 
“Could be that I’ve never taken it off.” 
“You’re lying.” 
“No, I’m not. Look at the pictures; there must be dozens of them on the net. You’ll see that I’m wearing this ring in every single photo.” 
“Why?” she whispered, looking him in the eye. 
“Isn’t it obvious?”  
Chapter Seven 


Sierra tried to ignore the tingling sensation sliding over her skin as she led the way up the winding path toward his music studio. She could feel his eyes boring into her backside, the heat of his gaze making her feel vulnerable and exposed. 
As soon as they entered the studio, she eyed the familiar black leather book on the low table. There was a folded note sitting on top. 
The note read, “Sierra, You left this in the car. I’m sorry for the way I acted. I’d like to talk more tonight. Please call me when you get back to the hotel. I love you, Eric.” 
She fisted the note and tossed it into a nearby garbage can. She didn’t want to think about Eric or their relationship right now. The time would come when she would have to make some difficult decisions, but right now, she just wanted to focus on the task at hand. 
“Are you ready to get started?” Trey asked. 
She slid her palm over the soft leather of the treasured album and wondered whether she was ready. Last night, it seemed like a good idea to share her songbook with Trey. She thought it might spark his creativity, but now the prospect seemed terrifying. Sharing her lyrics would be like reliving their relationship all over again.  
He reached for the book. “May I take a look?” 
“You remember?” He had the monogrammed album custom made for her when she earned her undergraduate degree. He told her he was so proud of her, but he didn’t want her to lose her creativity, her essence, in her quest to care for others. Reluctantly, she relinquished the book. 
He ran his fingertips over the gold embossed initials, S.B.T.  He opened the book carefully, re-reading his imprinted inscription. 

Sierra, 
You always have been, always will be, my muse. You inspire me in countless 
ways every day.  Your influence has made me a better artist, and more 
importantly, a better man. I only hope in some small way I have inspired you 
to be the best you can be. I believe in you more than I have ever believed in 
anyone, myself included. I know you will accomplish great things in life; this is 
only the beginning of your journey. I am so proud to call you my wife, my 
lover, my best friend. 
I love you, 
Trey  

He swallowed, visibly affected by the words.  “I had it all, Sierra.” He looked her in the eye. “I had you, a baby, my career, more money than I could ever spend. How could I have been so stupid?” 
She couldn’t stand to see him in so much pain, blaming himself when she deserved to share the blame for what happened to their marriage. She painted him as the villain in her mind because it gave her the strength to move on, but it was time for her to admit the truth. She gave up when she should have stayed, fought for him, honored their marriage vows. “Don’t do this, Trey. It isn’t entirely your fault.” 
“Don’t. Please don’t,” he whispered, his voice breaking. “I don’t want you to give me a pass for the things I did. I was a thoughtless, selfish bastard. I didn’t deserve you, Sierra.” 
She reached out to him, pulling him into her arms. “I want to put the past behind us, Trey.” She felt the steady beat of his heart and wished there was something she could do or say to make him forgive himself for his perceived sins. No one deserved to suffer this way. “I want us to be friends.” 
He set the book down on the bar behind her and drew her into his arms, holding onto her as though he never intended to let go. “I need you,” he whispered. “It’s true. You were my inspiration. You still are.” 
She felt the power of his hands on her back, kneading her flesh, awakening dormant desires. She knew she should pull away, but her heart raged against her conscience. Her hands encircled his solid biceps and she pulled back to look at him. “We can’t. I can’t do this.” She made the mistake of glancing at his full, sensuous mouth, open in invitation. She wanted to forget the past, the future, and just get lost in this moment.   
“Don’t think. Just feel,” he whispered. He lowered his head and brushed his lips across hers, waiting, welcoming, pleading. 
She shook her head and pushed out of his arms. “No, I can’t. I won’t.” She scraped her hands through her hair. “I wouldn’t have cheated on you and I won’t do that to Eric. He’s a good man. He deserves my loyalty.” 
He laid his palm against her cheek and she fought the urge to turn into it, accept the comfort he offered. 
“Just tell me what you want.” 
She was terrified of what she wanted, terrified of what he wanted. “I don’t know.”
He tipped her face until their eyes met. “That’s a lie. You know exactly what you want. You want me, right here, right now.” 
She tried to shake her head, to deny his accusation, but he held her firm. 
“If Eric weren’t in the picture, would you consider it?” 
She didn’t know how to answer that question. The idea of making love to her ex-husband would have seemed inconceivable just twenty-four hours ago, but now, she couldn’t deny it was tempting. It had been five long years since she had taken her satisfaction in someone else’s arms and the throbbing between her legs, coupled with the quivering sensation deep in her belly, told her that was five years too long. 
“Why haven’t you made love to your fiancé, Sierra?” 
She didn’t want to have this conversation. It was a betrayal of Eric’s trust. “I don’t want to talk about it.” 
“Is it because he can’t?” he asked gently. 
Her eyes shot to his, shaken by his insight. She tried to shutter her expression, but it was clear that she was too late. He already knew the truth.    
He sighed, his hands slipping to her shoulders. “You are the sexiest, most passionate woman I have ever known, sweetheart. Why would you agree to marry a man who isn’t able to satisfy your needs?” 
She shrugged her shoulders, unable to acknowledge the truth. The thought of making love to another man after Trey seemed distasteful.  Being with Eric made it easy. She didn’t have to force herself to live a lie, pretending her fiancé was someone else when they made love. She could slip between the sheets alone, getting lost in her fantasies, her memories. 
“Okay, forget about Eric. What about the men before him? You must have dated after the divorce?” 
She was embarrassed to admit the truth. No other man would ever compare to Trey, in or out of bed. “I didn’t have time for dating. I was working fourteen-hour days trying to start the foundation.” 
“Part of your job is to rub elbows with high society to raise money for your cause. Are you telling me men didn’t ask you out at these benefits?” 
She laughed. “After every benefit, I’d get dozens of calls from men willing to donate to the cause if I’d agree to have dinner with them.  A few even offered an obscene amount of money if I’d sleep with them.” 
He took a step back, his hands fisted at his sides. “You’re kidding me, right? Please tell me you’re kidding me.”
She smiled, taking perverse pleasure in the tortured look on his face. After his admission about the night she left him, turnabout was fair play. “It’s true. Why is that so hard to believe?” 
“It’s not.” He grinned. “Hell, I might consider it myself if I thought I stood a chance.” 
She pushed against his chest, causing him to stumble backward. She laughed at his dramatic antics. Given the fact he weighed twice as much as she did, she knew she wouldn’t have been able to budge him had he not been willing. Their shared laughter triggered a flood of memories. 
They had spent so many years together, laughing, loving, having fun, until it all fell apart. He frowned. “Hey, what are you thinking about?” 
“Nothing. Let’s get down to work, Trey.” She grabbed the leather book and slipped behind the safe barrier of his desk. 
“Sure, whatever you say.” He took a chair across from her and propped his booted feet up on the opposite end of the desk. “Bring that book over here; I wanna see what you’ve got.” 
She considered her options: continue to live in denial or acknowledge the truth. She came around the desk and sat on the chair beside him, passing him the book. “Okay, but don’t expect too much. I just thought it might help to get the juices flowing.”
He chuckled, stroking his chin as he leered at her. “Baby, I’m willing to bet your juices are already flowing.” 
“Shut up.” She thrust the book at him, catching him in the gut with the rounded edge. 
His smile fell as he turned the first page. “Shit, I think I’m going to need a drink to get through this.” 
She drew a deep breath. “Don’t even think about it. We had a deal, remember?” 
He leaned forward, bending over the book. “This is amazing, Sierra. Wow.” He whistled under his breath. 
She watched him rake a hand over his hair, a gesture she knew he only resorted to when he was feeling unsettled. “If it’s too much, we can...” 
“No.” He took the sheet music out of the book and walked toward the piano. 
She watched him settle in behind the baby grand piano, taken with the striking vision. The instrument was positioned in front of a wall of windows that took advantage of the westerly views of the magnificent gardens and rolling hills that seemed to stretch for miles beyond the panes of glass. The sunlight shone through, making his black hair reflect a shade of blue that mirrored his eyes. She held her breath as she waited for his skilled fingers to caress the keys, knowing it would be sweet torture to listen to him sing her words back to her. She had written the song only days after she left him, when she was still raw, agonizing over the state of her life. 
She listened, enraptured, his velvet voice wrapping around her like a heavy cloak. 

Some said our love would never last, I guess they were right. 
‘Cause no matter how much I love you, I can’t continue this fight. 
I’m losing myself in all this sadness and despair, 
Not able to recognize who I am and too tired to care. 

You’re never here, I’m always alone,
I long to hear your voice when I pick up that phone. 
I dial, then hang up, too afraid to say hello. 
I can’t find the courage to ask when you’ll be home. 

Are you there with someone else, sharing your dreams? 
I hate to admit that’s how it seems. 
I still ache to feel your touch, your arms around me, 
But I lay here alone, that’s not how it was supposed to be. 

CHORUS

You promised to love me a day after forever
Yet here we are, always apart, never together.
How can we go on, living this lie? 
It’s time to admit the truth; it’s time to say good-bye.   

You were my first love, my life, for so many years
You were my saviour, my hero, the one who dried my tears. 
How can I go on and live my life without you? 
Yet, I know that’s my only choice, what I have to do. 

Don’t try to convince me or beg me to stay, 
‘Cause I’m not strong enough to stay another day. 
I’ll never regret a moment we’ve shared,
I can’t even regret the soul I bared. 

REPEAT CHORUS

You gave me the strength to face my fear, 
And you forced me to look in the mirror. 
It’s because of that strength I can walk away,
Because of that strength, one day, I’ll be okay.  

***

Trey dipped his head on the last note, struggling to find a voice that had never failed him. It felt like someone was grinding broken glass into his chest, piercing his heart. When she walked out on him, he was blinded with pain and rage. He wanted to hurt her the way she was hurting him. It never occurred to him she was hurting as much, maybe more.  
He thought back to that day five years ago when he watched her walk out the door for the last time. Every hope and dream he had for his future left with her. He was broken, defeated, and lost. When the waitress knocked on the door to ask if she could bring him anything, he invited her inside, needing a distraction from his dangerous thoughts. She was a nameless, faceless body to take away the pain. She was the first woman he’d been with since he laid eyes on Sierra more than a decade before. 
Unfortunately, losing himself in her hurt more than it helped. It made him realize there was nothing that could take away the pain, not a willing body, a double shot of Jack Daniels, or sold-out concert tour. The pain of losing her was always there, lurking just beneath the surface. 
Sierra slipped in beside him on the bench. “Are you okay?’ 
He was not an emotional guy by nature; many said he was too strong, detached to a fault, but with this woman, he’d always bared his heart. “No, I’m not okay.” He took a shuddering breath. “I’m definitely not okay.” 
She put her hand on his knee. “Let’s start with that.” She grabbed a notepad and pen from the top of the piano. “Write about what you’re feeling.”
He looked at the blank piece of paper, terrified. “I can’t.”
“Yes, you can.” She stroked his back. “Okay, start by telling me what you’re thinking.” 
“I was thinking about the night you walked out on me,” he whispered, looking at the hand that rested on his knee. Her engagement ring winked back at him, reminding him that she now belonged to another man. 
“Go on.” 
“I was thinking about her.” He hated to say it, hated to remind her, but it was time for full disclosure. 
She withdrew her hand, resting it in her lap. “What about her?” 
“I don’t remember anything about her. I just remember how I was feeling when you walked out. I wanted something to take the pain away, so I turned to her.” 
She shifted her body until she was facing him. “Why didn’t you ever write about our break up?” 
He shook his head. “No way. It was too raw, too painful. I had to pretend I was fine with it. That was the only way I could go on.” 
“Maybe now’s the time to face it, together.” She picked up the pen and handed it to him. 
He scribbled the first thing that came to mind. 

Please, baby, just say you’ll give me one more chance. 

She glanced at him, refusing to meet his eyes. “That’s a good start. Keep writing. Don’t think about it. Just write.”
She was right; he had been over thinking it, trying too hard to make it work.

I’ll do anything to make up for the mistakes I’ve made.

He wasn’t thinking about whether it fit, whether it was lyrical, whether it would strike a chord with fans. The only person he cared to impress was her. He was writing it for her, to her, about them. If it became a hit song, so be it. If it helped him get over his writer’s block, great. But if it helped him to win her back, that meant everything. 

I lie awake thinking about the past, the way it used to be.  

She looked at him, her eyes searching his. 
The time for empty promises had passed. Now, he had to show her how much she meant to him. 
He scribbled furiously, waiting for her reaction. It was like writing a letter to her, pouring his heart out as she watched, waited, critiqued. 

I can’t go on this way, living without you,
Self-medicating, hating who I’ve become. 

She touched her fingertips against her lips to conceal the tremble. “Trey, I...” 
“Ssh.” He stroked the back of his left hand against her cheek. “I need to do this.” 
His hand poised over the paper, the words continued to flow effortlessly, as though they had been buried inside, waiting to be released. 

I know I haven’t been the man you needed me to be. 
I’m so much less than you deserve. 
But if you still believe in us, baby, please tell me. 

She got up abruptly, crossing the room to stare out the window. 
He watched her, her head bowed, shoulders trembling. She was crying. He cursed himself for being so insensitive, so cruel. He had no right to dredge this up again, no right to ask for her forgiveness. Hell, he had no right to interfere in her life at all. He got up and walked toward her slowly, giving her time to warn him off, but she said nothing, just continued to cry quietly, almost soundlessly. 
He pulled her into his arms. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. This was a mistake. I shouldn’t have asked you to do this.”
She buried her face in his shirt, her tears dampening the fabric. “It’s not your fault, Trey. I thought I was ready.” She sobbed through the words. “Now, I don’t think I am. I’m sorry.” 
His heart raced, keeping time with his mind. If she walked out the door now, she would never come back. Any chance he might have had to get her back, to get his life back, would be gone for good. “Listen. Let’s start with something light, something fun. How ‘bout that?” 
She shook her head, fisting his shirt in her hands. “You don’t understand. I made a commitment to another man, yet...” Her voice trailed off. 
Just when he thought hope was lost, it resurfaced. “What is it, sweetheart?” 
“I’m not over you,” she whispered. “I thought I was. I pretended I was, but I’m not.”
He wanted to pump his fist in the air and bellow a victory cry, but he had to remain calm or risk scaring her away. “That’s exactly why you need to stay, baby. We need to sort this out. If you walk away now, you’ll always wonder what might have been.”
She looked up at him. Tears were streaking her face and smearing her make-up, but she had never looked more beautiful to him. “I don’t know if I could ever trust you again, Trey. We can’t build a relationship if we don’t trust each other.” 
He held her hands between his. “Let me earn your trust. I’ll do whatever it takes. Just give me a chance.” 
“How can I do that? I’m marrying another man, remember?” 
He ground his teeth in frustration. He wanted to tell her to forget about him, to focus on them, but he couldn’t risk alienating her. “Sierra, don’t you want to have a family?” 
She looked out the window at the thoroughbred horses she used to love riding. “I haven’t thought about that in a long time.” 
“You wanted to be a mother more than anything.” He tipped her chin, forcing her to look at him. 
“I can’t believe you just gave up on that dream.” 
Her eyes hardened. “I had to give up on a lot of dreams when we divorced. I have new dreams now.” 
“But you still want to be a mama. That will never change. Hell, you talked about having a baby on our first date.” He laughed at the memory. “You scared the hell out of me.” 
“You may think you know me.” She stepped out of his arms. “But I’m not the same stupid, naïve girl you divorced five years ago.” 
He frowned, confused by her sudden hostility. “I never thought you were stupid or naïve, Sierra.” 
She sneered. “Your divorce lawyers certainly thought so.” 
He shook his head to clear it. He felt like he had just stepped off a runaway train. “My divorce lawyers? Okay, what are you talking about?” 
She stalked away from him, snatching her songbook from the piano. “Don’t pretend you don’t know what they put me through, Trey.”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about, sweetheart.”
She turned around and glared at him. “They made sure I walked away with nothing. Are you telling me they weren’t acting on your orders?” 
“What? No. Are you kidding me?” His mind was spinning. He was trying to recall meetings with his divorce lawyers, but he was panic-stricken when he was sober and hostile when he was drunk, so he told his lawyers to deal with it. He told them to make sure she got whatever she wanted. He didn’t care how much money she took; she had already taken everything else that mattered to him.
“They told me I wasn’t entitled to a thing aside from the gifts you gave me during our marriage. Everything, including our house, belonged to your corporation.”
He had a team of people to deal with his holdings; he didn’t have time or the inclination to deal with it personally. Was it possible the people he trusted were trying to protect him by ensuring his wife walked away from their marriage with nothing? Damn. She must have despised him for screwing her out of the settlement she deserved. 
“I swear to you. I had no idea. I was told you didn’t want anything from me. Why didn’t Marisa say anything to me about it?” 
She sighed, sliding onto the leather sofa. “I didn’t want to get your family involved in our settlement. It was hard enough for them, trying to come to terms with the divorce.” 
He settled beside her on the couch, dropping his head in his hands. “God, what a mess.” 
She shook her head. “It doesn’t matter anymore. It would have been nice to have some money at the time. It would have allowed me to finish my degree without working nights and I would have had seed money for the foundation, but it all turned out for the best.” 
His gut clenched with guilt and remorse. “You had to work nights to finish your graduate degree?”
She smiled. “It wasn’t so bad. I waited tables at an upscale restaurant in Oklahoma for the last year while I worked on my thesis. The tips were good; people were nice and getting out helped me to stay sane.”  
“I hate that you had to do that, sweetheart.” He took her hand, expecting her to pull away, but was relieved when she didn’t. “If I’d known, I would have ensured you had a generous settlement, house, car, cash, whatever you needed.” 
She looked at him. “I have to admit, it didn’t seem like you to be so spiteful. I knew you were hurt and angry about the divorce, but I couldn’t believe you despised me enough to want me to wind up homeless.” 
The thought of her living in a shelter, alone and destitute, made him cringe. He would find out who was responsible for this and make them pay. “Please tell me it didn’t come to that.”
She laughed and squeezed his hand. “No, but it was pretty close. I was only able to afford this tiny studio apartment for the first couple of years. It was the size of my dressing room in this house.” 
“And now? Do you and Eric live together?” He prayed that was not the case. 
“No. Eric has asked me to move in with him, but I like having my own space. I was able to buy a little condo downtown last year. It’s not very big, but it suits me.” 
“Pick the house of your dreams,” he said, impulsively. “Anywhere you want. I don’t care how much it costs. I want to buy it for you.” 
She threw her head back and laughed. “You’re crazy.” 
He turned toward her, sliding his arm along the back of the couch behind her. “I’m serious. I want to do this for you. You deserved a decent settlement and I want to make sure you get it. And the house is only the beginning. You deserve so much more than that. I’ll make sure my lawyer draws up the paperwork tomorrow.” 
She flattened her palm against his chest. “No, Trey. I don’t want your money.”
He tried to think straight with her hand resting against his chest, but his mind kept wandering, wishing she would bridge the gap of fabric so he could feel her hands on his bare skin again. He couldn’t help himself. He grabbed her hand and slipped it inside his shirt, popping two of the decorative snaps. He felt her pulse quicken under his fingertips, but she didn’t pull away. “We’re talking about a lot of money,” he whispered, sliding closer until his knee butted against hers. 
“I don’t care about your money,” she murmured, her eyes fixed on his lips. 
He slid his other hand into her mass of silky hair.  “What do you care about, baby?” 
“You. I care about you.”  
Chapter Eight 


He leaned in and she could detect the familiar scent of the candy mints he favoured. Everything about him felt so familiar, so right. Being in his arms felt like coming home, but that sense of familiarity also scared her because nothing was the same now as it had been then. She was different. He was different. Their lives had changed in so many ways. 
Before she could decide whether to melt into his arms and savour the kiss she had been craving, the entry door slammed open, hitting the doorstop with enough force to make it bounce back. 
An angry-looking Luc filled the doorway, a scowl on his handsome face. “So, it is true.” He glared at Sierra. “You’re back.” 
Trey bounded off the couch. “Get the hell out of here before I throw you out.” 
Luc pointed at Sierra. “Not until I say what I came here to say.” He sliced his hand through the air. “This is a bad idea. A public relations nightmare.” 
“I don’t think anyone asked for your opinion, Luc,” Sierra said, smiling sweetly. She despised her ex-husband’s best friend and the feeling was mutual.
“I get millions to make it my business, sugar. What about you? What are you getting out of this?” 
“None of your damned business,” Trey shouted. “I said get out.” 
Sierra held up her hand. “It’s okay, Trey. He’s going to find out eventually. Trey has agreed to be the spokesperson for my charitable organization, The Rainbow Fund.” 
“Like hell he is,” Luc said, glaring at her. 
Trey shoved him, getting his attention. “Who the hell do you think you are? I make my own decisions. If I want to be the spokesperson for this charity, I will. Is that understood?”
Luc stalked over to the bar and poured scotch into two highball glasses. He passed one to Trey. 
Trey set the glass down on the bar without taking a drink. “Look, I know you have your reasons, but so do I. This cause is important to Sierra, and it’s important to me too, man. You’re just going to have to get on board or stay out of my way. Got it?” 
Luc threw the scotch back and poured another. 
Trey consulted his Rolex watch. “It’s not even noon, man. Go easy on that stuff.”
“Don’t lecture me.” He belted back the second shot and grimaced. “You have no idea what I went through last night.” 
Trey leaned against the bar, crossing his arms over his chest. “I’m listening.” 
“I got a text from a friend about your little performance at Jimmy’s. I went over there to do a little damage control and guess who was there?” 
Trey responded, tongue in cheek. “No idea.” 
Luc gripped the empty glass until his knuckles turned white. “Your sister. And do you know who she was cozying up to in a dark corner after you left?” 
Trey shrugged, feigning innocence. “I’m sure you’re gonna tell me.” 
“Josh. She was making out with Josh,” he shouted. “Can you freakin’ believe that? We pay him to watch your ass, not my girlfriend’s.”
“Ex-girlfriend,” Sierra said, stretching her legs and propping her booted feet on the coffee table. 
“You were the one who didn’t want to make a commitment, remember? Did you expect her to wait for you forever?” 
He thrust a finger in her direction. “Don’t think I don’t know you’re the reason she broke up with me, lady.” 
Sierra scrolled the new e-mail messages on her phone. “I simply told her to stop wasting her time with boys and find a real man.” She giggled to spite him. “So glad to hear she took my advice. Josh is definitely a real man.” 
Trey held his hands up. “Enough. I don’t wanna waste any more time listening to you two go at it. Luc, I’ll see you tonight.” 
Luc glanced in his direction, clearly not ready to end the argument. “That’s right, it’s your old man’s birthday party tonight. Is your sister bringing a date?” 
Trey rolled his eyes. “What is this, high school? How the hell should I know?” 
Sierra had her thumbs poised over the keypad on her phone. “Should I text her and tell her to bring Josh?”
“Do you get off on pushing my buttons?” Luc asked. 
She grinned. “You betcha.” 
He set his empty glass down beside Trey’s untouched glass. “Nice to see you haven’t matured at all in the last five years, sunshine.” He crossed the room to the door.
She laughed. “Right back atcha, cowboy.”  
“Trey, I’ll see you tonight.” He gripped the door handle and turned around to face his friend. 
“Hey, you bringin’ that hot little redhead? What’s her name, Megan?” 
Sierra had to admit, he hit his target. Luc rarely left a room without getting the last word. Except this time. “No, he’s taking me, Luc.” She wiggled her fingers in a wave. “See you there.” 
Luc slammed the door behind him, rattling the doorframe.

***

Trey resisted the urge to pull up to the hotel’s valet parking area, slipping into a nearby guest parking spot instead. He wasn’t in the habit of allowing a date to walk down to his car unescorted. Of course, Sierra insisted this wasn’t a date; she was attending the party as a family friend. As long as she was willing to spend time with him, he refused to dwell on semantics. 
He kept his eyes on the front doors of the hotel, watching anxiously as the uniformed doorman ushered patrons onto the walkway. He jumped out of the Porsche as soon as he saw her flash a smile at the young man. The poor kid knocked his hat off in the process of tipping it, turning three shades of red as it landed at her feet. Not that Trey could blame him; he probably would have reacted the same way. 
She looked stunning in a fitted silk dress with a shark-bite hem that resembled a kaleidoscope of blue and green. The best feature had to be the shoes, Trey thought, biting back a groan. Silver, sexy, strappy, with a four inch spiked heel. He took a deep breath and tried to slow his stride. 
He reached her just as she stepped off the sid€ewalk. “Hey, beautiful.” He brushed a kiss across her cheek, just as the wind picked up to deliver a powerful whiff of her perfume. He closed his eyes briefly, fighting the urge to draw her into his arms and bury his face in the delectable hollow of her neck. He was getting turned on just thinking about it. 
“Hey, you okay?” 
He opened his eyes, embarrassed he’d allowed himself to get lost in the fantasy. “Yeah, sorry. I was just thinking about...” 
She frowned, drawing a crease on her forehead. “Thinking about Megan?”
He laughed, attracting the attention of passersby. “She’s the last thing on my mind, sweetheart.” He took her hand and led her toward the car. 
She looked around nervously. “People are staring, Trey. I told you I would meet you in the car.” 
He cast a glance at the curious onlookers, hoping they would reach the car before he was bombarded by autograph seekers. “I wish you’d just stay at the house, Sierra. I have half a dozen guest suites and you have to admit, it would be more convenient.” 
“Right. And Eric would have a coronary.” 
“One can only hope,” he muttered, squeezing her hand. 
“I heard that.” 
He grinned as he opened her car door. “Your chariot awaits, my lady.” 
Once they were settled in the car, she turned toward him. “I called your mom and asked if she minded that I was crashing the party. Of course, she did extend an invitation a few months ago when we were talking on the phone, but I declined. I didn’t think I would be in Nashville at that time and I thought it might be awkward, you know, with us.” 
He pushed a button to select his favorite satellite radio station and the car was infiltrated with the sound of his voice. He lowered the volume. 
She laughed and turned it up. “Hey, I love this song.” 
He groaned. “I’m sick of the sound of my own voice.” 
She reached across the gearshift and squeezed his leg. “I happen to love the sound of your voice, so indulge me.” 
“Whatever you like, sweetheart.” He glanced at her. She was tapping her manicured nails against the armrest, bopping her head and singing along to the up-tempo party song. God, he loved everything about this woman.  
When the song ended, the disc jockey went on to talk about the upcoming release of Trey’s new album and how much his fans were looking forward to it. 
Trey gripped the steering wheel. “No pressure or anything.”
“Hey,” she said, touching his arm. “I thought we made good progress today, didn’t you?” 
“Yeah, sure.”  In fact, he had written more today than he had in the past year. No obstacle had ever seemed insurmountable when she was by his side. “Enough about my career. What did my mother have to say?” 
“She said they would always consider me part of the family, and I was more than welcome.” She looked out the window. “Your parents were the kind of parents I wished I’d had. They were always so supportive, never judgmental.” 
He grabbed her hand. “Hey, I know it wasn’t easy for you, baby. With your father’s problems and your mom dying when you were so young, you had to raise yourself and your kid sister. I can’t even imagine what that must have been like for you.”  
“It was hell. That’s why I wanted to give our baby the kind of childhood I never had: stable, loving, secure.” 
He kissed her hand. “We would have.” 
She sighed. “I like to think so, but that wouldn’t have been easy with your career and...” 
He knew she was thinking about his drinking. “I went to an AA meeting after you left today.” 
She looked up at him, seeming surprised. “You did? That’s great, Trey.” 
It was exactly what he needed to refocus on his sobriety. He’d stayed behind to talk to his sponsor, explain his relapse, acknowledge his motivation for getting sober. Of course, his sponsor told him he had to make the decision for himself, not because of undo pressure from others. He also warned against the perils of getting involved in a relationship when his sobriety was still tenuous. He knew if things with Sierra fell apart, he would be at risk of falling into old patterns again, but he had to take it one day at a time and hope for the best possible outcome.
“I’ve also been thinking about what you said about counseling.” 
She squeezed his hand. “Really?”
“Yeah, I think you’re right. I do need help letting go of the past, coming to terms with everything. Obviously, I haven’t done such a great job of that on my own.” 
“I think you’re making great progress.” 
“We’ll see how it goes.” He didn’t want to think about the past tonight. He wanted to enjoy the present. “Speaking of your sister, how is she?”
Sierra smiled, her eyes lighting with pride. “Lexi’s fantastic. I’m so proud of her.” 
Trey thought back to the shy, insecure teenager Lexi had been when he and Sierra first met. It was hard to reconcile that image to the successful real estate investor she was today. “Still raking it in, is she?” 
“She definitely has a knack for it.” Sierra slipped her phone out of her small designer handbag. 
She scrolled through the images until she found the one she wanted. “Here she is accepting an award at a national business convention last fall.” 
Trey glanced at the screen. “Wow, she looks great. Good for her.” 
“Yeah, but I worry about her sometimes. She’s so focused on her career that she doesn’t have time for anything or anyone else.” 
“She’s still single?” That was difficult to believe, given how beautiful she was. 
“Yeah, used to say she wanted to be financially independent before she thought about settling down. Now she’s telling me she never plans on getting married or having a family. I think she saw what happened to me and she’s just being overly cautious.” 
He swung the car into the parking lot and pulled up to the valet area. “Listen, about that...” 
She held her hand up, halting him in mid-sentence. “I told you. I don’t want to talk about the past tonight. We’re simply two old friends enjoying each other’s company.” 
He watched her slide out of the car, revealing an expanse of smooth, bronze leg. She wanted to be his friend? He took a deep breath and gripped the steering wheel. At least it was a start.   
Chapter Nine 


Sierra spotted Luc and his date immediately. They were lounging by the bar, enjoying a glass of wine. She was a stunning redhead, tight black dress, too much make-up—fake from her nose to her toes—definitely Luc’s type.
Sierra smirked. “If Luc’s trying to make your sister jealous...” 
“I’m gonna kill him,” Trey muttered, slipping his arm around her waist. 
“Who?” She looked up and her eyes followed his. He was watching Luc and the redhead. Megan. 
Apparently Luc was getting the last word after all. Damn him. 
“That’s your...” She couldn’t say the word, girlfriend. 
“She’s just a friend,” he said carefully, steering her in their direction. 
“There you are,” Megan said, launching herself at Trey. “I thought you’d never get here.” She crushed her breasts against his chest and snaked her arms around his neck. “I’ve missed you, honey.” 
He tried to disentangle himself while glaring at Luc over the top of her head. “I’ve been busy.” 
She glanced over her shoulder at Sierra. “So I’ve heard. This must be the ex-wife, huh?” She giggled. “Honey, I should thank you for setting this one free. Now the rest of us get to enjoy him, too.” 
“Megan, I...” 
Before he could finish, she kissed him full on the mouth. When he stepped back, pushing her away, she traced a red lacquered fingernail over his stained lips. “You snuck out on me the other morning, you naughty boy. I thought we would have time for a little more fun before you left.”  
Sierra muttered, “Excuse me.” She walked as quickly as four inch heels would allow, finally passing through the heavy glass doors. She was frantic to find a restroom, but when she heard the distinct sound of hurried footsteps behind her, she bolted out the front door and straight to the valet. 
“Will you call me a cab, please?” she asked, trying to sound calm while her stomach was twisting in knots. 
“Of course I will, ma’am. Is anything wrong?” 
She struggled to find her voice. “I’m just not feeling very well.” 
“Forget the cab,” Trey said to the valet. 
The uniformed man looked uncertainly between Sierra and Trey. “If you say so, sir.” 
Trey gripped her upper arm, turning her toward the entrance doors. “You’re not leaving,” he whispered. 
“Like hell I’m not.” She struggled to break free of his grip without making a scene. “Take your hands off me.”
“Not until you calm down, Sierra.” 
She whirled around, facing him. “You want me to calm down?” She thrust a finger at his chest. “Your girlfriend made a fool of me in there and you’re telling me to calm down?” She knew she was raising her voice, attracting attention, but she couldn’t help it. “I’m leaving town, tonight. Damn it; take your hands off me.”
He stared at her, disbelief clouding his eyes. “Are you serious?” 
“Dead serious. I’m going back to Oklahoma tonight.” 
“Why?”
She choked back a sob, shocked by the fury raging through her. “How can you ask me that?” 
“Is it because I’m sleeping with her?” 
She slapped him across the face hard enough to leave an imprint. 
Her trembling hand flew to her mouth. “Oh my God, I’m sorry. I had no right to do that.” 
He rotated his jaw, looking furious. “We need to talk, now.” He grabbed her hand and led her inside. 
People were milling about; fortunately no one she recognized, though many of them smiled and nodded at Trey. She could only imagine what they must think of the fiery imprint on his cheek. 
“Wait right here,” he said. He knocked on the door to a small office and a man in a dark blue suit appeared. He and Trey exchanged a few words and he un-locked a door beside his office. Trey nodded to Sierra, gesturing for her to follow him into the private room. She had no choice but to follow, unless she wanted to risk another scene. 
He slammed the door and locked it behind them. “Now tell me what the hell I did to deserve that?” He slid his hand over his cheek. 
His lips were still stained with lipstick, and the sight of it made something inside her snap. She came at him, fists clenched, beating him against the chest. She sobbed angry, frustrated, mortified tears. “I hate you. I hate you for what you did to me, to us. I hate you for sleeping with all those other women. I hate you for pushing me away, letting me leave.” 
“Oh, baby,” he whispered, seizing her wrists and holding them against his chest. “Don’t you know those women meant nothing to me? It’s you, it’s always been you.”
She struggled to break free. “I don’t care what you say anymore. I don’t believe you. I don’t want to hear about all of the women you’ve slept with since I left.” She saw the wedding ring he still wore and the rage resurfaced with a vengeance. “You screwed all those women while you were wearing my wedding ring? You’re one sick bastard.”
He pinned her hands behind her back, pressing her breasts into his chest. “I wear this ring because I don’t want to forget what it was like between us.”  
“I don’t want to hear this. I just want to go home to my fiancé and forget I ever met you.” 
He stepped forward, pinning her against the desk. “You want to go home?” He dipped his head and nipped her neck. 
She gasped, struggling against him. “Stop it.” 
His tongue glided up her neck, slowly, thoroughly, setting her on fire. He knew her hot spots, knew just where to apply enough pressure to command her consent. “You want to go home to that cold, empty bed?” he murmured, drawing her earlobe into his mouth. “Hmm,” he groaned, low in his throat, sending vibrations along her sensitive flesh. “You wanna live the rest of your life pleasuring yourself while you’re fantasizing about this?” He ground his rock hard erection into her abdomen. “Or do you want the real thing?” 
She sobbed, torn between her conscience and the throbbing ache between her legs. He boosted her up on the desk, moving between her open legs. 
He cupped her face between his hands and stared at her. “You still love me,” he whispered. 
She shook her head, trying to deny his claim. 
“Yes, you do,” he said, nibbling her bottom lip. “That’s why it makes you so crazy, thinking about me with other women.” 
“No,” she cried. “I don’t care.” 
“Liar,” he whispered. He slid the thin straps off her shoulders and let her dress fall to her waist, exposing her bare breasts. He dipped his head, drawing first one nipple, then the other, into his mouth. “Tell me you care.” He swirled his tongue around her nipple, moistening it and then blowing on it before sucking it into his mouth again. 
She cried out, wriggling against him, trying to guide more of her nipple into his hot, wet mouth. He pulled back, refusing to give her more of what she needed. “I need to hear you say it, baby.” 
“Fine. I can’t stand the thought of you making love to anyone else.” She held her breath and waited to feel his mouth on her again. “Please, don’t stop.” She instinctively closed her legs around him, wrapping her arms around his neck. She fought the wave of sensation, trying to deny the tremor building, the juices flowing. 
“That’s it,” he whispered. “Just let go, baby. I always could make you come this way. Let’s see if I still can.”
She planted her hands on the desk behind her for support, inviting him, begging him to feast on her.
He dropped to his knees, cupping her breasts in his hands. He devoured them, kissing, licking, sucking, kneading until she finally came apart in his arms. 
She rode the wave of her orgasm, desperate to prolong the pleasure. 
He stood up and leaned over her, locking their hands behind her back. “Come home with me tonight, baby. I need to make love to you.” 
She shook her head furiously. “I can’t. Eric.” She sobbed, the guilt wracking her.  
“I don’t even want to hear his name. You’re mine,” he growled. “You’ve always been mine.” 
She let her head fall against his chest. “I’m engaged, Trey. We’re getting married whether you like it or not.”
“Not gonna happen.” He grabbed her chin, forcing her to look at him. “Do you hear me? You’ll marry him over my dead body.” 
The tears flowed down her cheeks. She was so confused, so torn. She loved Trey, but she didn’t trust him. She cared for Eric. She trusted him, but she didn’t love him, not the way she loved Trey.
“It’s okay, sweetheart,” he whispered, tracing her tears with his fingertips. “I know you don’t want to hurt him, but...” 
She knew what she had to do. This relationship had already cost them too much grief; she couldn’t risk that again. “I’m not leaving Eric. I’m going home to plan my wedding.” 
Trey felt like someone had punched him in the gut. “What did you say?” 
“I said I’m getting married.” She grabbed a calendar off the desk. She quickly scanned the dates. 
“April 14, we’re getting married April 14 in Maui.” 
April 14 was the day they met. Maui had been their honeymoon destination. She was trying to prove a point, trying to erase the past with the promise of a better future. 
He grabbed the calendar and tossed it into the wastebasket. “Are you crazy? You actually think I’m going to let you marry him?” 
She raised her chin defiantly. “You can’t stop me. I’ve already made up my mind. You’re just going to have to find a way to deal with it.” 
Everything was slipping away. He’d come so close to getting her back, so close to having her back in his bed, his life. “Please don’t do this, sweetheart,” he whispered. “I’m sorry if I pushed too hard. We can take it slow...” 
She righted her dress and ran her hands through her hair. “No. It’s too late for that. I know what I need to do. Eric was right. I can’t work with you, Trey. We have too much history. I’m sorry.” 
He hated feeling so powerless. He wanted to tie her to the desk and make love to her until she was begging him to take her home. “So you’re just going to pretend this never happened?” 
She wouldn’t meet his eyes. “I’ll tell Eric the truth. Hopefully he can forgive me.” 
“How the hell can he blame you for looking elsewhere? He can’t give you what you need.” Trey was trying to rein in his temper, but when he thought about her spending the rest of her life with another man, it ate him up inside. 
“He does give me what I need, in ways you never could.” 
“What the hell does that mean?” 
“He loves me. He’s there for me, and he listens.”
He couldn’t argue with her reasoning. There were too many nights, especially toward the end of their marriage, when he wasn’t there for her when she needed him. 
He reached out to brush the hair off her shoulders. “I love you, baby. God, I love you so much. Please, don’t do this.” 
She wiped away the trail of tears and pulled a compact out of her bag, checking her reflection in the mirror. “I’d like to stay for a few minutes, wish your dad a Happy Birthday, say hello to everyone. If that’s okay with you.” 
He swallowed the lump in his throat. “Yeah, sure. I’ll take you back to the hotel whenever you’re ready.” Maybe once she had a chance to cool off, he could convince her to stay.  
“No. I want you to stay; spend some time with your family. I’ll take a taxi to the hotel.” She looked him in the eye. “I meant what I said. I’m leaving tonight.” 
He grabbed her hand, but she withdrew. “Is there anything I can say, anything I can do, to change your mind?”
She shook her head, looking down at the ground. “No, I’m sorry. Good luck with the album, Trey.” 
Suddenly the career he had been fighting so hard to save seemed meaningless.   
Chapter Ten 


Marisa rushed up to them as they crossed over the threshold of the ballroom. “There you are. I thought you’d left.” She hugged Sierra before turning to her brother. “Is everything okay?” 
Sierra tried to keep her gaze from wavering, searching the expansive ballroom for the woman who would undoubtedly be sharing Trey’s bed tonight. “Everything’s fine. Unfortunately, something’s come up. I have to leave tonight.” 
Trey glared at her, his blue eyes darkening. “Why don’t you tell her the truth, sweetheart? You’re running away again.” 
Marisa grasped Sierra’s forearm. “No! I thought you two were going to be working together on this album. When we talked on the phone, you said...” 
“Things have changed, Marisa.” She forced a smile. “It’s for the best, really. I have a benefit coming up and a wedding to plan.” 
Marisa looked from her friend to her brother. “But I thought you two were...” 
“So did I, but I guess we thought wrong. If you ladies will excuse me, I think I need a drink.” 
Sierra and Marisa watched him walk to the bar. Within minutes, a crowd of people surrounded him, Megan included. 
“She makes me sick,” Marisa said, glaring at the backside of the woman in question. 
“You know her?” Sierra asked, tearing her gaze away from the small group. 
“I’ve met her a few times.” She shrugged her shoulders. “She’s just like all the rest, fake from the inside out.”
Sierra sighed, wishing it didn’t matter, wishing it didn’t hurt so much to see him with another woman. “Whatever makes him happy, I guess.” 
Marisa grabbed her hand. “But that doesn’t make him happy. You make him happy, Sierra.” Her eyes filled with tears. “Why can’t you two find your way back to each other?”
Sierra struggled to find the words to explain to her friend. “I wish it were that easy. I love your brother. I probably always will. But...” 
Marisa squeezed her hand. “No, don’t make excuses. You love him. That’s all that matters.” 
Sierra shook her head. “I wish it were that simple.” She nodded her head toward the bar where Luc was running interference for Trey. “You’ve been in love with Luc since you were a teenager, but that doesn’t mean he’s good for you, honey.” 
She sighed, looking despondent. “I guess you’re right.” She hugged her friend. “I wish you didn’t have to go. I thought we were going to be able to spend some time together over the next few weeks.” 
“I know. Listen, I’ve got a benefit coming up next month. Why don’t you come? You could bring Josh. It’ll be fun.” 
Marisa smiled. “Okay, I’ll ask him.” Her eyes wandered to her brother. “I’m so worried about him.” She watched him tip a crystal glass to his lips. “I don’t know how we’re going to get through to him.”
“You just have to keep trying. Don’t give up on him; he needs you.” 
Trey watched his parents greet Sierra. They lit up when they saw her, especially his father. 
Even from a distance, he could see that Sierra was fighting back tears. He didn’t understand why she was making this harder than it had to be. She still loved him, loved his family as though they were her own. She belonged in Nashville with him. 
He excused himself from the group, begging off when Megan offered to join him. He crossed the dance floor, anxious to find out whether his family had made inroads with Sierra. He watched her watching him. She was engaged in conversation with his mother, but her eyes never left him. 
He extended his hand to his father, who pulled him into an embrace, slapping him on the back. He grinned at the old man, marveling at how good he looked. “Happy birthday, Dad.” 
“Thanks, son, glad you could make it. And you couldn’t have brought a prettier date.” He slipped his arm around Sierra’s waist. “This little lady is like a fine wine, just gets better with age.”
Trey regarded her carefully, waiting for her to correct his father’s assumption about her status as his date. Instead, she reached up and kissed his father’s cheek. “Thanks, Dad.” 
Trey’s gut clenched. She had always called his parents Mom and Dad when they were married. He couldn’t believe she still did. Apparently, Val had been right, his parents still thought of Sierra as a daughter, in spite of the divorce.
His mother put her arm around his waist. “We were just asking Sierra if we could impose upon the two of you to sing a few songs for us, honey.” 
He looked at Sierra, waiting for her to make an excuse so she could leave the party early and avoid any more intimate encounters with him. “Really? What did she say?” 
She avoided his gaze, looking up at his father instead. “What could I say? I wouldn’t want to disappoint your father on his birthday.” 
His father squeezed her shoulders. “That’s my girl. I can’t wait to hear you two sing together again.” He cast a glance at the crystal glass Trey held. “That better be Sprite, son.” 
Trey chuckled; his father could never be accused of subtlety. “Club soda, sir.” 
He nodded. “See that you stick with that.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Jared Turner took his daughter’s hand. “Come, your mother and I have to mingle and you have to get back to that date of yours.” 
Marisa rolled her eyes. “Yes, Daddy.”   
Trey turned toward Sierra, pinning her with his gaze. “I thought you were leaving, running back to your fiancé.” He knew he sounded angry, bitter, but he couldn’t help it. He was tired of sounding desperate. At least holding on to his bitterness meant he could maintain some modicum of pride. 
She twisted her handbag between clenched fists. “I didn’t want to disappoint your parents. Is that a problem?” 
He gripped his glass until he was sure the lead crystal would shatter. “No problem.” He took a step closer, brushing a strand of hair off her cheek. “So, how do you want to play this?” 
She looked up into his eyes, her eyes darting to his mouth. “What do you mean?” 
“You want me to pretend we’re just friends?” He took another step closer, the fabric of his suit brushing the silk of her dress. He leaned down to whisper in her ear. “Am I supposed to pretend that I’m not getting hard just looking at you right now, Sierra?” 
She closed her eyes. “I, we...” 
Her voice trailed off when he brushed his lips against her ear. “Ssh, don’t say it. Don’t even think it.” If Trey had to hear that man’s name on her lips one more time tonight, he would not be able to hold his temper. She may be hell bent on spending the rest of her life with another man, but tonight was his and he intended to make the most of it.

***

Sierra smiled as she saw Val cross the dance floor, a handsome man on her arm. Based on their phone conversations and emails, she knew the man was Terrance Walker, the man Val intended to marry. She hadn’t told Trey yet because marrying Terrance meant executing their plan to retire and move to Florida. Given Trey’s emotional state over the past year, Val couldn’t bring herself to leave him. She promised she would break the news to him soon. 
Trey stepped forward and drew Val into his arms, kissing her on the cheek. “I’m so glad you could make it, Val.” He extended his hand to the other man. “Good to see you again, Terrance.” 
Val hugged Sierra. The familiar scent of lavender tickled her nose, sparking memories of a time when Val insisted on tucking little lavender sachets into the drawers in the baby’s nursery. 
That had been the happiest time of her life, preparing for the birth of her first baby. But in the heat of the moment, desperate to escape his demands, she’d told him she would marry Eric as planned. She’d picked the date and the place to hurt him. But if she went through with it, she feared she may be hurting herself and Eric even more. One thing was clear, she needed to go home and make some definite decisions about her future. 
Chapter Eleven 


Trey sat at a large round table in the center of the decked-out ballroom watching Sierra making her rounds, greeting his parents’ friends and family. It was obvious she was comfortable working a crowd, unlike the early days when his career had required endless public appearances at all the hot spots. She had begged off, claiming she didn’t feel at ease in that environment. She was definitely not the same shy, insecure girl he’d met all those years ago in college. That girl that had been forced to deal with the trials of poverty, an alcoholic father, and terminally-ill mother. 
Yet she had taken on the responsibility of raising a younger sister when she was barely more than a child herself. She had finally evolved into the woman he always knew she would become: strong, confident, outgoing, and tenacious. 
He watched her, thinking how proud he was of her, though he hated to admit that she had become that woman in spite of him, not because of him. Jimmy and Edna claimed the seats beside him. He stood to greet them, kissing Edna’s cheek and shaking Jimmy’s hand. “Glad you could make it.” 
Jimmy laughed. “Are you kiddin’ me, boy? Your pops and I were raisin’ hell before you were even thought of. I wouldn’t have missed his 70th birthday bash for anything.” 
Trey smiled, recalling some of the stories Jimmy and his father had told of him of their escapades over the years. The two men were more than friends. They were like brothers. 
He would have said the same of his relationship with Luc before today. Now, he had to wonder if his best friend really had his back. He thought back to the conversations he’d had with Luc before and during his divorce. He wouldn’t have thought to question his friend’s motives then, but now he had to wonder. 
Luc had always been so focused on building Trey’s career that everything else, including his marriage, was nothing more than an obstacle on the path to success. Luc and Sierra had been at odds since the first day they met. At that time, Luc was already managing some of Nashville’s hottest stars, and he promised Trey he could put him on the fast track to the top. Trey knew he was ruthless, but he trusted him to manage his career. 
Sierra often argued that Luc didn’t want to manage his career; he wanted to manage his life. He approved or vetoed everything from songs, interviews, public appearances, record deals, and tour dates. Trey may not have agreed with tactics, but Luc was responsible for building the brand, the corporation, that was Trey Turner. 
Trey realized too late that he should have objected more strenuously to Luc’s interference in his marriage. Luc kept pushing harder when Trey wanted to pull back and spend more time at home. Trey wanted Sierra to tour with him, but Luc insisted it would be a distraction. He should have fought harder, insisted his marriage was more important than his career. He had believed then that topping the charts and making millions were the most important things in life. He could not have been more wrong. 
Now he knew what mattered: having someone in your life to share that success with at the end of the day. He had so many regrets, but he couldn’t blame Luc or anyone else for his mistakes. It was time for him to man up and take the blame for his own failings. 
“Penny for your thoughts,” Edna whispered, patting his arm. Her eyes followed Trey’s directly to the object of his distraction, Sierra. “She looks wonderful, doesn’t she?” 
“Gorgeous,” he said, thinking that didn’t begin to describe her accurately. He glanced at Edna, thinking this may be the time to start uncovering the truth. “Jim tells me you guys have kept in touch with Sierra?” 
An uncharacteristic blush crept up her neck, staining her pale cheeks. “We have; does that bother you, Trey?” 
He grabbed her hand and held it. “Not at all. I’m glad you were there for her.” 
“We love Sierra, you know.” She looked him in the eye. “We love you, too. We only wish the two of you could find your way back to each other, before it’s too late.” 
He shifted his chair until he was facing her. “You’re talking about her engagement?” 
Edna nodded, her thin lips pulled tight. “He’s not the man for her, Trey.” 
Trey felt his heart soar. Finally, someone agreed with him. “You’ve met him?” 
She frowned, folding and refolding her linen napkin. “We’ve met him.” 
Trey considered his options carefully. He knew Edna too well to think she would betray Sierra. 
“What did you think of him?”
She stole a peek at Sierra. “Like I said, he’s not right for her.” 
Trey bit the inside of his lip to thwart the smile. “Why do you say that?” 
“He’s arrogant, opinionated, and bossy. That man doesn’t need a wife; he needs a dog he can train to obey his commands.” 
Jimmy took his wife’s hand, kissing it. “Now, sugar, you know we shouldn’t say that about Sierra’s intended. It’s her life, her choice. We have to respect that.” 
Edna glared at Trey. She was a tiny woman, but after raising four boys of her own, she knew how to command respect. She shook a bony finger at Trey. “I blame you for this mess, Trey Turner. If you had treated that woman the way she deserved to be treated, you two would still be together.” 
Trey grinned. He was lucky to have so many strong, opinionated women in his life. “I’m not arguing with you, Edna. I was a jackass.” 
She tapped her fingers against the table. “Now that we’re in agreement, how are you going to get your woman back?” 
Trey sighed, sneaking another peek at Sierra. She was tucked away in a corner with Josh and Marisa, talking and laughing like she was having the time of her life. This is where she belonged, here with him and his family, the people who loved her. “I don’t know, Edna. She told me she’s going back to Oklahoma tonight.” 
“The hell she is,” Edna said, raising her voice. 
Trey threw his head back and laughed, drawing the attention of other guests, including Sierra. She smiled and waved at Jimmy and Edna. He sobered, remembering her threat. “She set a wedding date. Looks like I only have a couple of months to change her mind.” 
Jimmy whistled under his breath. “Last I heard, she wasn’t ready to set a date. What the hell did you do to piss her off, son?” 
Trey couldn’t very well tell them the whole, sordid story, so he opted for a partial truth. “Let’s just say she doesn’t approve of the way I’ve been living my life.” He glanced at Megan, who was passing time flirting with the bartender.  
Edna didn’t miss the fleeting look. “Lord have mercy. When will you learn?” She rolled her eyes. “Sometimes, I think you’re as thick as a brick.”
Trey would have been insulted had anyone else had the nerve to insult his intelligence, but this was Edna, and he knew she had his best interest at heart. “You’re right, Edna. I’ve made some stupid mistakes, but I sure as hell would like to make up for them. Have you got any ideas?” 
“Well, we’ve got to think of a way to keep her in town.” She slapped her leg. “I’ve got it.” She looked at her husband. “Have you found anyone to fill in for Jules yet?” 
He snorted. “No, I was going to start auditions tomorrow.” 
Trey knew Jules was their weeknight entertainment at Jimmy’s. “What happened to Jules?”
Jimmy slapped his forehead. “Would you believe she’s run off to some crazy cult with a convict she’s known for three weeks?” 
Trey chuckled. “That sounds like something Jules would do. In fact, I’m amazed she’s stayed with you as long as she has. You know she’s a free spirit, Jimmy.” 
Jimmy guffawed. “Is that what they’re calling it these days?” 
Edna picked up Trey’s glass and raised it to her nose. 
Jimmy frowned at his wife. “What are you doing, woman?”
She set the glass down beside Trey. “I’m just making sure this one’s still off the sauce, Jimmy.” Trey loosened his tie and undid the top bottom of his custom dress shirt, suddenly needing more oxygen. If only she knew what the past year had been like for him. 
“Lay off, Edna,” Jimmy warned. 
“He’s already put her through hell. I’ll be damned if I’m going to help him do it again.” 
Trey cleared his throat. “Excuse me. I’m still sitting here. Remember?”
“I know. I know.” She regarded Trey carefully. “You sure you’ve got your act together, boy?” 
He took his suit jacket off and put it on the back of his chair. Man, it’s getting hot in here, he thought. “I’m takin’ it one day at a time, Edna. You know what they say in AA.”  
She nodded. “Okay, as long as you’re on the right track, I think I have a plan.” 
Jimmy cleared his throat. “Edna, I’m not sure we should be gettin’ involved in this. It’s up to Trey and Sierra to work this out.” 
She chuckled. “Right, and they’ve done a bang-up job of it so far, haven’t they, Jim?” She pointed a finger in Sierra’s direction. “Just look at her. She’s barely taken her eyes off him since we sat down.” 
Trey spun around in his chair, hoping to catch her in the act, but Edna’s gesture must have tipped her off. “Really? She’s been checkin’ me out?” 
“Oh, shut up,” Edna said, slapping the back of his hand. “You’re not in junior high anymore. This is serious business.” 
Trey saluted her, tongue in cheek. “Yes, ma’am. So fill me in, what’s the plan?”
“What’s this your sister told your mama about you and Sierra working together on an album?” 
Trey turned to glare at his sister, thinking there was nothing wrong with the grapevine in his family. “We were, until she got pissed off at me tonight. Now she says she going to go back to Oklahoma to start making wedding plans.”
Edna sliced her hand through the air. “I don’t want to hear any more of that nonsense. She’s staying right here until you two can work this out. She’ll fill in for Jules until that one comes to her senses. She can have her old apartment above the bar.” 
Her old apartment was also the first home they shared after they were married. They’d lived there for six months before Trey signed his first record deal and they were able to afford a house of their own. 
“Uh, Edna, I don’t know if she’ll go for that.” 
“Why wouldn’t she? It’s free room and board, after all. Better than paying for some pricey hotel, which I assume is what she’d planned to do if she stayed here to work on the album.” 
“Actually, I was planning to cover her expenses while she was here. But, we, uh, have a lot of memories in that apartment, Edna.” They hadn’t been able to keep their hands off each other in the early days. It was nothing short of a miracle they were married for so many years before she got pregnant. 
She winked, patting her soft grey curls. “You don’t say. Well, I guess that’s just the icing on the cake then, isn’t it?” 
Trey laughed; indeed it was. There was no way she could live there and not recall some of the best times they ever spent together. “You really think she’ll go for this?”
Edna looked at Trey as though he really were dense. “Have you ever known Sierra to refuse a friend in need?”
Trey shook his head. “No, can’t say that I have.” She was right; Sierra would give the shirt off her back to a friend in need. If only he were that friend. 
Edna nodded, triumphantly. “Exactly. I’ll just explain that Jules left us in the lurch, but she really is like family, so we want to hold the spot open for her in case she changes her mind.” She folded her hands in her lap. “Since the job is only at nights, she’ll have her days free to do whatever...” 
Trey smiled. “Like help me with the album?” 
Edna’s blue eyes widened. “Gee, I hadn’t thought of that. But you know Sierra does like to be kept busy, so that could work out.” 
Trey wrapped his arm around Edna’s shoulder. “Do you plan to suggest this to her?” 
She shrugged. “I just might.” 
He kissed her soundly on the cheek. “You’re the best.” 
“I know, and don’t you forget it.”    

***

“So when will you be leaving, Sierra?” Luc asked, tipping the wine bottle to refill Megan’s glass. 
Sierra looked around the table at her friends, Jimmy, Edna, Val, Josh, Marissa, Jared, Elaine, and, of course, Trey. It would be difficult to say good-bye to these people again and even more difficult the longer she stayed. They had a way of making her feel safe, like she was among family. But this wasn’t her family. This was Trey’s family. She was just someone who was lucky enough to have passed through for a time. One day Trey would remarry again, and these people she loved so much would become his new wife’s family. Her heart ached at the thought of it. She had already lost Trey. She couldn’t imagine losing the people who had been her lifeline for so long.  
“Tonight,” she said quietly, thinking about what was waiting for her back in Oklahoma. There was Eric and a small condo filled with nondescript furniture, neutral walls, and boxes that had yet to be unpacked. The condo suited her, like she’d told Trey, but it didn’t feel like home.  
“I’m sure that’s for the best,” Luc said, smiling. He tipped his wineglass in her direction. “Safe travels.” 
“Shut up, Luc,” Trey warned, gripping his crystal glass. 
Luc settled his arm on the back of Megan’s chair. “What’s your problem, buddy?” 
“Actually, I wanted to talk to you about your plans, Sierra,” Edna said, setting her utensils beside her plate. “Jimmy and I have run into a bit of a problem and we were hoping you could help us out.” 
Sierra looked past Trey, trying to avoid the intense look in his eyes. “What kind of problem?” 
“Jules has run off with some character she just met, and she’s left us without a singer for Monday night. Doesn’t that just beat all?” she asked, looking around the table. 
Everyone muttered and nodded their assent. 
Sierra shifted uneasily in her seat. She felt an ambush coming on. “I’m sorry to hear that, but as I said, I have to get back to Oklahoma tonight.”
“Really?” Marisa asked, blotting her lips with a napkin. “Why’s that?” 
Sierra took a drink of water, trying to buy time while she considered an excuse they would accept. “I have a benefit coming up next month.” 
Marisa nodded. “But you told me you could plan that from here.” She laughed lightly. “Come on, Sierra. This is the age of technology. There’s very little that can’t be done from your laptop or Blackberry.” 
Luc glared at his former girlfriend. “Perhaps Sierra has to get back to her fiancé, Marisa. Did you ever consider that?” 
“Did you ever consider minding your own business, Luc?” she asked, smiling sweetly. 
Jared Turner raised his hand. “That’s enough, both of you. This is Sierra’s decision to make.” He smiled at her. “You know we would all love it if you stayed, honey, but you have to decide if that’s right for you. Either way, we’ll understand.”
She smiled at her former father-in-law. He was kind, generous, and understanding—qualities her own father had never possessed. “Thanks. I appreciate that.” 
She looked at Jimmy and felt a pang of guilt. He wasn’t getting any younger and, from their phone conversations and visits, she had suspected the business was getting to be more than he could handle. “Have you tried to find a replacement for Jules?” 
Edna sighed. “That’s just it; we don’t want to replace her. My gut tells me she’ll be back in no time, but until then, we don’t have a singer. It would just be temporary, sweetheart. I’m thinking a couple of weeks, tops. You could even stay in your old apartment above the bar while you’re here.”
Sierra felt a rush of nostalgia as she thought of the one-bedroom apartment they shared when they were first married. It was a joke to Trey, smaller than the bedroom he occupied in his parent’s huge ranch house, but it was the first place they had ever called home and she loved it. 
She risked a glance at him and felt the heat of his gaze sweeping over her. She didn’t have to be a mind reader to know he was thinking about the fantasies they had brought to life behind the confines of those walls. She felt the color creep up her cheeks. She was mortified that she was getting aroused just thinking about it.  
“I, uh, I don’t know. I do have a wedding to plan.” 
“Have you and Eric set a date?” Elaine asked, darting a glance at her son. 
“I was thinking about April 14,” she said quietly. 
“April 14, but that’s the date...” Elaine looked from Trey to Sierra. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“She’s also thinking about getting married in Maui.” Trey turned toward her. “Isn’t that right, Sierra?” 
She felt all eyes settle on her. She felt like a traitor. She had said that to hurt Trey. She certainly never intended to go through with it.  
Luc laughed. “Sure, why not Maui?” He looked at Trey. “Beautiful spot, isn’t it, buddy?” 
Sierra wished she could just disappear. 
Megan looked around the table. “Am I missing something here?” 
Trey’s jaw clenched. “Sierra and I went to Maui on our honeymoon.” 
She looked at Sierra as though she had sprouted a third head. “Okay, why would you want to get married there? Wouldn’t that be kind of weird?” She inclined her head toward Trey. “You know...” 
Marisa caught Sierra’s eye and started to laugh, prompting others at the table to follow suit. Sierra was just grateful that the tension had dissipated. “You’re right, Megan. I may have to rethink that.” 
Trey tipped his glass to his lips, pausing to ask, “The marriage or just the destination?” He grinned. 
She hid her smile behind her napkin, refusing to indulge him. 
“So, what do you say, Sierra?” Edna asked. “Do you think you can help us out for a few weeks?” Sierra looked at the expectant eyes around the table, finally settling on Trey. She smiled, shaking her head. As if there was ever any doubt what her answer would be. “Yes, Edna. I think I can help you out.” 
Trey grinned, raising his glass. “Here’s to having friends you can count on.” Everyone raised their glasses. “And here’s to you, Dad; happy birthday.”
Jared touched his glass against each of theirs. “It sure is now.” He winked at Sierra. “Welcome home, honey.” 
Chapter Twelve 


Trey realized his luck was finally beginning to change when the disc jockey played a release from Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood, “Remind Me.” 
He extended his hand to Sierra. “Would you like to dance?” 
She looked at the other couples on the dance floor and smiled. “Sure, I’d love to.” 
Megan scowled at them, but Sierra didn’t seem to notice as she slipped her hand into his and followed him to the dance floor. He took her in his arms, wrapping his arm around her waist while holding her hand against his chest. He drew her close, reveling in the moment. He closed his eyes and lowered his head just enough to allow the delicate scent of her perfume to assail his senses. He heard her sigh and felt the tension melt from her body as she leaned into him, allowing him to hold her closer. Their bodies melded in a familiar rhythm that time and distance had done nothing to dissipate. She still fit with him as no other woman ever had. 
She tilted her head back to look up into his eyes. “I love this song.” She smiled. “The first time I heard it, I thought of you, of us.”
His heart began to race. He saw something familiar in her eyes, something akin to love. “What made you think of us?” 
She leaned her head against his shoulder and he wondered if she intended to respond when she finally lifted her head to look at him again. 
“Do you ever wonder what might have happened if we had tried harder to make our marriage work?” 
He gave her a half-smile, laced with sadness and regret. “Just about every day, sweetheart. How ‘bout you?” 
She sighed, looking over his shoulder instead of looking him in the eye. “Of course I do. How could I not? Divorcing you was...” 
He waited, holding his breath.  “It was what?” 
She looked up, tears spilling down her cheeks. “The hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. I didn’t know how I was going to get through those first few months.”  
He slid his hands up to cup her face, brushing her tears away with his fingertips. “You know I would have taken you back in a heartbeat.”
She looked down. “I know, but I couldn’t go back to the way things were, Trey. You were gone all the time and I was there alone, reading all the tabloid reports about your out-of-control behaviour, the drinking, the partying, the women.” 
He tipped her face until she was looking him in the eye again. “I’m not going to lie to you. I was out of control. I was never unfaithful, but I was definitely out of control. I was scared to death of losing you, baby.” He struggled to find the words to explain his torment. “I knew we were growing further apart. I could hear it in your voice whenever we talked on the phone. I wanted to come home, to try and make things right, but I was afraid when I did come home, it would be too late.” 
“I guess it was too late. You were on the road the last six months of our marriage, Trey.” She loosened her grip on his shoulder and he could feel her pulling away. “You went out on tour two weeks after Callie died. How could you do that?” 
His heart broke, hearing the despair in her voice. He tried to pull her closer, bridge the gap between them. “I’m so sorry, Sierra. I was sick with grief. I blamed myself for… hell… I blamed myself for everything.”
Her hand snaked up his back, drawing his head down until he was forced to look at her. She looked fierce, determined. “Listen to me. Callie’s death wasn’t your fault. You have to believe that.” 
For the first time, he was starting to believe it was an accident, nothing more than a cruel twist of fate. He felt inner peace begin to unfurl; knowing the mother of his child didn’t hold him responsible for her death meant he could start to let it go and start to heal the old wounds that had been holding him prisoner for too many years. 
He tipped her face up and kissed her lips gently, tentatively. “Thank you; you have no idea how much that means to me.”
She smiled, wiping away the sheen left behind by the lipstick. “You’re welcome.”  
“I’m glad you’ve decided to stay, Sierra. This is where you belong.” 
She shook her head, flattening her palms against his chest. “I don’t want you to misunderstand. I did that as a favor to Jimmy and Edna. It had nothing to do with you, or us.” 
He smiled, not believing a word she said. “Really?” 
She moved her arms to his biceps, holding him further away. “You really are shameless. You’ll do whatever it takes to get what you want, won’t you?” She held her hand up when he would have defended himself. “I meant what I said earlier. We can’t work together. I’ve already done things I wish...” 
“Don’t,” he said firmly. “Don’t say that you regret what happened earlier. I don’t what to hear it.” 
She dropped her head against his chest, allowing him to continue to keep pace with the music. “I didn’t say that.” She looked up, her eyes dark with desire. “It was amazing.” 
He growled, feeling his arousal growing between them. “You have no idea what you’re doing to me right now.” His hands spanned her waist, drawing her closer, until there was no room for doubt.
“I want you, Trey. I’ve always wanted you. That was never the problem between us.” 
His hands traced the smooth skin of her bare back. “I know, but things could be different this time.” 
She closed her eyes. “I want to believe that, but I can’t take that kind of risk. Our break up almost destroyed me the first time. If it happened again, I don’t think I could ever pick up the pieces...” 
He touched his fingertips against her lips. “That would never happen, sweetheart. I would spend every day for the rest of our lives making sure you knew how much I loved you.”
She looked at him, her eyes desperate, pleading. “Don’t you think I want to believe that? I still love you. I’ll probably always love you, but I can’t take that kind of risk again.” The song ended and she withdrew from his arms. 
He watched her walk across the dance floor and through the exit doors toward the restrooms. His instincts told him to go after her to do anything, say anything, to make her believe him. But before he could act on his impulse, Megan was at his side, settling into his arms as a new song began to play. 
“I thought she’d never leave,” Megan muttered, drawing him closer. 
He set her at arm’s length, unable to take any pleasure in the solace she offered. He had spent too many years imagining the woman in his arms, the woman he was making love to, was Sierra. He couldn’t waste another minute of his life pretending. 
“Trey, please,” she whispered, looking at the curious onlookers dancing around them. “I’m just asking for one dance.”
He sighed, guilt permeating his resolve. They had been dating for more than three months, sleeping together. The least he could do was explain to her why he couldn’t see her again. He drew her in closer, but still kept a respectable distance between them. “Why did you come here tonight, Megan?”  
She pouted, her glossy red lipstick staining her teeth. “I wanted to see you.” 
“So why did you come with Luc?” 
She shrugged, causing her strapless dress to dip lower, revealing an impressive amount of cleavage. “He asked.” 
Trey glanced over at the table where his friend sat, talking to his parents. “Why the hell would he do that?” 
She traced a manicured nail up and down his shirtfront. “He said your ex-wife was back in town.” 
“And?” 
She sighed. “And you still had it bad for her. He said if I had any hope of keeping you, I’d better do some damage control.” 
He stilled her hand, looking her in the eye. “Megan, I think you’re a sweet girl, but I made it clear from the start that this wasn’t going to go anywhere. I wasn’t looking for a serious relationship.” 
She grunted. “Huh, sure didn’t look like that from where I was sitting.” 
He hated to see a woman cry, hated to know he was the cause. But he knew there was little he could do to halt the inevitable. “I’m not gonna lie to you; I’m still in love with Sierra.” 
She looked up at him, the tears spilling over her cheeks, leaving twin streaks of mascara in their wake. “Why? She’s engaged to another man. You’re Trey Turner; you could have any woman you want. Why do you want the one woman you can’t have?” 
He wished he could answer that question without causing her more pain, but this was the time for full disclosure. “She’s the only woman I’ve ever wanted. She’s the love of my life, Megan. I’m sorry if it hurts you to hear that, but it’s true.” 
She put her head down, sniffling. “I knew this was too good to be true. Why would a guy like you want a girl like me, right?” 
He tipped her chin until she was looking at him. “Don’t say that. I meant what I said; you’re a great girl, Megan. You’re going to find the right guy, but you can’t do that if you’re wasting your time with me.” 
She sniffled again, louder this time. “But, I love you. I want to be with you.” 
He looked up and saw Sierra standing in the doorway, talking to his sister, looking thoroughly disgusted with him. “Look, I’m just trying to be honest with you. I hope you understand. Maybe we can still be...”
She poked her finger into his chest. “Don’t you dare say friends.”   

***

“Can you believe him?” Sierra asked Marisa, glaring at Trey and his dance partner. “No sooner I leave and he replaces me with the next warm, willing body. I guess some things will never change.” Sierra thought back to their last night together, cringing at the knowledge that as soon as she walked out on him, he welcomed another woman into his bed. 
Marisa glanced at them. “Please, that woman has been trying to hook Trey since the day she met him. Trust me, he’s not into her.” 
Sierra turned her back on the couple and faced her friend. “He’s sleeping with her; I’d say he’s into her, literally and figuratively.” 
Marisa shrugged her shoulders. “He’s a man, Sierra. If a woman is going to throw herself at him, he’s gonna go along for the ride.” 
“That’s the problem. He’s Trey Turner; women will always be throwing themselves at him.” She struggled to keep her voice level, not wanting to betray her insecurities, even to her closest friend. “I can’t compete with that.” 
Marisa took her hands and looked her in the eye. “Honey, you don’t have to compete. You’ve always been the only woman for my brother. I can’t imagine that will ever change.” 
“I can’t take that chance, Marisa.” She squeezed her friend’s hands and withdrew. “I love your brother, but I can’t trust him to be there for me when I need him. We can’t build a relationship without trust.” 
Marisa sighed, looking disappointed. “I understand how you feel, Sierra. I know Trey wasn’t there for you after Callie died, and the way he’s been living his life since has done little to prove that he’s ready to change, but if you were to give him another chance, I really believe that would give him the incentive he needs to turn things around.”
“But what if it didn’t? What if he’s not capable of changing, no matter how much he wants to? Where does that leave me?” She fought to hold back the tears. She had already shed more tears in the last twenty-four hours than she had in years. “It leaves me in exactly the same position I was in five years ago. Living in that big, empty house alone and wishing he would come home. I don’t want to go through that again. I can’t go through that again.”
Marisa stroked her upper arm, offering comfort. “So, where does that leave things between you and Trey?” 
“I can’t get involved with your brother again, Marisa. I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear.” 
She didn’t want to risk her friendship with Marisa or her relationship with Trey’s friends and family, but she couldn’t put herself in harm’s way to appease them. 
Marisa drew her in for a hug. “You know I would never want to see you get hurt, honey. I love you and I love Trey. I just want to see you both happy, whether or not that means being together.” She drew back to look her in the eyes. “You know I’ll support you no matter what you decide.” 
Sierra hugged her friend again, needing the comfort, the support. She had been on her own, except for her sister, when she met Trey, and she had come to depend on his friends and family more than she wanted to admit. She couldn’t imagine what she would do when the time came to say good-bye to them. 
“Thanks, Marisa. You don’t know how much that means to me.” 
“Can anyone join this party?” Jared asked, slipping his arm around his daughter. 
Marisa winked at Sierra. “Just a little girl talk, Daddy. Nothing you would be interested in.”
“Be that as it may, I think your date’s itchin’ to twirl you around that dance floor.”
Marisa sighed dramatically. “I guess duty calls.” She squeezed Sierra’s hand. “We’ll talk later, okay?”
Sierra nodded and smiled. “Of course, go. Have fun with that gorgeous man of yours.”
Marisa winked, whispering, “I intend to, girlfriend.”
“How ‘bout you, pretty lady? Would you like to dance with an old man on his birthday?” 
Sierra smiled up at her former father-in-law, her heart filling with the love and affection she felt for this man. He had accepted her as a part of his family from the first time she set foot in his home more than seventeen years ago and time, distance, and divorce had only strengthened their bond. 
“I’d love to.” She accepted his crooked arm as he led her onto the dance floor. 
He enveloped her in his big, strong arms and she felt safe, protected. He was so much like his son, yet so different. He was strong, opinionated, and determined, but he stood by and protected those he loved without reservation. He didn’t run away or take the easy way out. She looked up into his smiling eyes and knew Trey would look exactly like him in thirty years. A part of her wished she would be around to see that version of the man she loved. 
“My son is a damned fool, darlin’.” 
Sierra laughed, not surprised by his comment. Jared always said exactly what was on his mind. “How so?”
“You were the best thing that ever happened to him, and he let you get away. Hell, he drove you away.” 
She tightened her grip on his shoulder, considering her response. She had never discussed the breakdown of her marriage with her former in-laws. She hadn’t wanted to depict their son in a negative light.
“It was a difficult time,” she said carefully. 
“It sure as hell was for everyone, and my son was off on some damn tour bus when he should have been at home supporting his wife.” 
Sierra touched his creased cheek. “I know how difficult it was for you to lose your first grandbaby.”
“We were devastated.” His blue eyes filled with tears. “You never get over something like that.” 
He glanced at his son, standing in the corner of the room, surrounded by a small crowd of people. “I know Trey never got over it. He’s never been able to forgive himself for what happened to his little girl.”
“I know,” Sierra whispered, her voice broken. “I wish he could; he needs to let go of the past.” 
He tore his eyes away from his son. “Maybe you could help him with that? He needs you, honey.”
She closed her eyes, wishing she could grant this man the only favor he’d ever asked of her. “I’m sorry. I wish I could, but...” 
He held his hand up. “Say no more. You don’t owe me any explanation, darlin’.” 
“But...” 
“No, I mean it. You’re a good woman and you were a good wife to my son. You left him because he didn’t give you a choice. I just thought I saw something between you two tonight.” He shook his head. “Must be my eyes playin’ tricks on me.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, almost afraid of the answer. 
“I saw something in the way you looked at him tonight. Thought maybe you were still in love with him.” 
He looked her in the eye and she had no choice but to admit the truth. “I am, but...” 
“No, it’s simple. Either you’re in love with him or you aren’t.” 
“I am,” she said softly.
He looked across the dance floor at his wife, now dancing in the arms of her son. “If you’re lucky, you find the love of your life. I know some people who never get that lucky.” He smiled at Sierra. “I met mine when I was seventeen and I’ve thanked God for her every day since. Hell, I don’t know what I’d do without that little lady; she’s my rock.”
She struggled to swallow the lump of emotion in her throat. That’s the kind of love she wanted, a love like Trey’s parents had: devotion and commitment that spanned a lifetime.
He looked her in the eye again. “This man you’re marrying, Eric, is he the one? Is he the love of your life, darlin’?”
“I, uh...” 
“Not a difficult question, Sierra. If he is, you’d be able to tell me right away. If he isn’t, well, I’d sure hate to see you make another mistake.” 
“Meaning you think I made a mistake when I married your son?” 
He smiled, the light never reaching his eyes. “No, I think you made the mistake when you divorced him.” 
Chapter Thirteen 


“What’s wrong, Trey?” Elaine Turner asked as they twirled around the dance floor. 
He smiled down at his mother, trying to put her mind at ease. She had spent the better part of his life worrying about him. It was time for her to slow down, relax, and enjoy life. He hoped the three-month world cruise he was giving his father for his birthday would be a good start. 
“Nothing, Ma. Everything’s fine.” 
She scoffed, her brows drawn together in a deep line. “Don’t lie to me, Trey Turner. I can see right through you.” 
He sighed, looking up at the ceiling. “Okay, I’ve completely screwed up my life. Is that better?” 
She laughed, sweeping a hand over her stylishly cropped salt and pepper hair. “At least you’re being honest; that’s a start. Do you want to talk about it?” 
“I wouldn’t know where to begin.” 
“Why don’t you start by telling me what’s going on between you and my daughter-in-law?” 
Trey laughed. “She’s not your daughter-in-law anymore, Ma.” 
She waved a manicured hand in the air. “That’s merely a technicality. A piece of paper doesn’t change the way you feel about someone.” She looked at him pointedly. “In my heart, she’ll always be my daughter.” 
He looked into his mother’s clear green eyes, thinking how much he admired her loyalty. She was a kind, gentle woman, but a force to be reckoned with if crossed. “I’m sorry. I never thought about how my actions must have hurt you and Dad.” 
“You mean the divorce?” she asked, glancing at Sierra. 
He shook his head. He hated that word, hated the finality it represented. “I didn’t think about anyone but myself back then.” 
She patted his shoulder. “You were grieving, son. Everyone grieves in their own way.” 
He dropped his head, feeling ashamed to be admitting to the mistakes that his mother tried to prevent him from making. “You tried to warn me. You told me if I left Sierra to go on tour, she may not be there when I got back. She was there physically, but she’d already checked out emotionally.” 
His mother pinned him with the intensity of a stare that still made him squirm. “Can you blame her?”  
“No, of course I don’t blame her. It was my fault. I own that.” 
“So, what are you going to do about it?” 
“I’m going to do everything in my power to regain her trust. I still love her; hell, I still want to spend the rest of my life with her.” 
She smiled. “Then don’t give up, Trey. I have a feeling Sierra may want the same thing.”

***
    
Sierra woke up the morning after the birthday party cursing the ringing phone on her bedside table. She tried to focus on the bright red numbers on the digital alarm clock: 6:32 a.m. 
She picked up the phone, mumbling a barely audible, “Hello.” 
“Would you care to explain what the hell you were doing screwing your ex-husband last night?” 
Sierra shot up in bed. “Eric, what are you talking about?”
“The pictures are all over the internet, Sierra. You had sex with that man last night, didn’t you?” 
She thought about trying to defend herself, but was too ashamed. It didn’t matter whether they had engaged in sex or not; the truth was, she had been unfaithful. “I’m sorry, Eric,” she whispered. “I was going to tell you what happened.” 
“That’s mighty big of you. Do you have any idea how this makes me look? I have a reputation to consider, you little twit.” 
She bristled at his words, but her own actions prevented her from turning this around on him. 
She needed to take responsibility for what happened last night. She pulled her fingers through her tousled hair, considering her words carefully. “I’m sorry, Eric. I made a...” She hesitated to call it a mistake. How could something that felt so good, so right, have been a mistake? 
“I should have known this would happen. That man is a no good, lying, cheating scumbag. He has no morals, no conscience...” 
“Eric, please stop. This isn’t Trey’s fault. I was a willing participant.” She closed her eyes, remembering just how willing she had been. 
“Is he with you now?” he demanded, his voice shaky. 
“What? No, Marisa and Josh dropped me off at my hotel room last night.” In spite of Trey’s vehement protests, she thought. 
“We need to talk face-to-face and I want to have a word with that ex of yours. No one is going to take what’s mine without a fight. I’ll clear the docket and...” 
“Eric, wait.” She took a deep breath, trying to find the courage to say what he needed to hear. “I hate that I hurt you, but...” 
“It’s okay, Sierra. I’ll admit I’m furious, but I don’t blame you. You were a victim in all of this, star-struck by some jackass who enjoys using women to make himself feel like more of a man.” 
Star struck? She rarely thought of Trey’s notoriety. To her, he was the man who ran out to get her ice cream in the middle of the night, rubbed her feet at the end of a long day, gave her a massage to relieve tension before an exam, bought her stuffed teddy bears because she’d never had any growing up, paid her father’s funeral expenses, and held her when she cried. He was the love of her life. She sat in the middle of the bed staring at the phone, stunned. How could she have been so blind? She was so fixated on everything Trey had done wrong that she forgot about all the things he had done right. She had allowed a few bad months to erase eleven amazing years. Trey was right; they did deserve a second chance. 
“I don’t want to have this conversation over the phone, but I don’t see that we have a choice. I can’t marry you, Eric. I’m sorry.” 
There was a long pause. “I know you feel guilty about what happened, but that’s no reason to call off our engagement. You agreed to marry me and I trust you’ll honor that commitment. Now, if you don’t want me to come there, then you should come home. We’ll sort out this mess when you get here.” 
He hadn’t heard a word she said. “Eric, I can’t marry you. I’m still in love with Trey.” 
“That’s nonsense. How can you be in love with a man who abandoned you when you needed him?” 
“Maybe he didn’t abandon me. Maybe I abandoned him. He was going through hell after Callie died, and instead of trying to help him through it, I left him. Maybe it’s just as much my fault as it is his.” 
“Quite frankly, I’m sick and tired of hearing about this great tragedy you suffered. I see people using their sad stories as an excuse for abhorrent behaviour every day in my courtroom. I’m going to tell you what I tell them: get over it.” 
She stared at the receiver in her hand, the dial tone the only sound in the still room. Had she been so desperate to have someone in her life, someone she could count on, that she would have married someone so callous and insensitive? 
Was that the reason she wanted Trey back, because she was afraid of being alone? Was she making excuses for him, rewriting history because she couldn’t stand the thought of living and dying alone, as her father had? She walked numbly toward the shower, trying to sort out the riot of her emotions tumbling around in her head. 
Trey was on hold, waiting to ream out the hotel manager when his doorbell rang. Not that it was the hotel manager’s fault, but Trey was furious and he needed someone to blame. He knew better; he should have been more careful. He knew there were photographers at his father’s birthday last night. He should have made sure the blinds were completely closed and the room secure. Hell, he should have brought Sierra back to his house, to their house, to make love to her instead of taking her on a desk during his father’s birthday party. 
He stalked across the room when the doorbell rang. He swung the door open, expecting to see Val with an armful of groceries. Instead, Megan sauntered in wearing low-slung Juicy sweatpants, a cropped hoodie, and flip-flops. Her hair was twisted and secured in a metal claw and her face was scrubbed free of make-up. Worse, it looked like she’d been crying. 
His gut twisted; something was wrong. Either she had bad news, or she was crossing the line from disgruntled girlfriend to psycho stalker. Either way, it couldn’t be good. 
“How did you get past the guard at the gatehouse?” he demanded. He pushed the button to disconnect his call. Blaming the hotel manager for his stupid mistakes wouldn’t make him feel better, though it may help to relieve some stress. 
“The guard was distracted with the paparazzi swarming out there so he just waved me through.” 
He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “This day just keeps getter better.” He glared at her, challenging her to make it worse. “What can I do for you, Megan?” 
She looked at the ground, refusing to meet his eyes. “We have a problem.” 
Great. That’s just what he needed, another problem. “What is it?” 
She pulled a stick out of her over-sized handbag. 
The room started to spin and he felt the beads of perspiration forming on his hairline. He had only seen a stick like that once before, but he knew what it meant. “You’re pregnant?” He sank down on a bench in the foyer, not trusting his legs to support his weight. “That’s not possible. We were so careful. I’m always so damned careful.”
She knelt in front of him, her eyes swimming with tears. “I know; I’m sorry.” She shrugged her shoulders, looking away. “I guess it broke. They’re not 100%, you know.”
He dropped his head in his hands. “This cannot be happening, not now.” 
She jumped up, pacing back and forth on the Persian rug. “Why? Because you think you have a chance with your precious Sierra?” 
Sierra. How was he going to tell her that he had fathered another woman’s child? Especially after their argument last night? Any chance he may have had to reconcile with Sierra was slowly slipping away. God help him, he needed a stiff drink. 
“How do you know the baby is mine?” He felt a moment’s remorse when her bottom lip began to tremble, but he wasn’t about to sacrifice another chance with the woman he loved based on false assumptions. 
She stopped and stared at him, hands on hips. “How can you even ask me that? I was faithful to you, Trey. Can you say the same?” 
If this was a bad dream, now would be a good time to wake up. “We weren’t exclusive, Megan. You know that.”
The tears began to flow freely, falling in a steady stream down her cheeks. “Then you were sleeping with other women while we were together?” 
Pleading the fifth didn’t seem like a good idea, so he opted to deflect the question instead. “I don’t see how that’s relevant. The fact is that you appear to be pregnant and we have some decisions to make.” 
She narrowed her puffy eyes at him. “What do you mean? Are you suggesting...” 
He held his hands up. “No, I’d never suggest that.” After the way he lost Callie, he couldn’t imagine losing another baby under any circumstances, even if that baby’s mother wasn’t Sierra. 
“Then what are you suggesting?” 
He sighed, trying to clear his head so he could think logically. But he kept hearing Sierra’s voice, seeing her face. This was one mistake she would never be able to forgive. “Have you seen a doctor?” 
She shook her head, looking despondent. “I don’t have insurance.” 
“It doesn’t matter, Megan. Just set up the appointment and have them send me the bills. Let me know when the appointment is. I want to go with you.” 
The color drained from her face. “You do?” 
“Of course, I want to talk to the doctor myself.” 
She folded her arms across her chest. “You still don’t trust me, do you?” 
He needed a drink or maybe a meeting. “I didn’t say that. Listen, I don’t want to argue about this; just make the damn appointment and text me with the details.” 
“Fine.” She stalked toward the door, slamming it with enough force to rattle the paintings on the walls. 
Chapter Fourteen 


“You have caused me a lot of sleepless nights over the past five years, Trey, but I may not sleep for a week trying to sort this mess out.” 
Trey poured his publicist a well-deserved glass of wine and set it in front of her on the desk. 
“I’m sorry, Avery.” He settled into his deep, leather swivel chair, propping his feet on the desk. “I wish I could help you put a positive spin on this, but...” 
She peered at him over the top her trendy tortoiseshell glasses, making him feel like a suspect preparing for a long interrogation. He had hired Avery because she was gorgeous, sharp, and tenacious. Four years ago, she had been the perfect distraction, but even after their attraction waned, he kept her on his payroll because she was brilliant at maintaining the image that kept him on top. 
She set her tablet down on the desk and rubbed her temples with her fingertips. “Let me see if I’ve got this straight. The paparazzi took photos of you in a compromising situation with your ex-wife, who happens to be engaged to a judge. These images then go viral the same day your girlfriend tells you she’s pregnant. Have I left anything out?”  
He stared longingly at a bottle of scotch, wishing he could drink his problems away, even for a little while. “No, that’s about it.”
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say somebody has it in for you.”  
Luc stalked into the room, stabbing a finger at Trey. “I knew this would happen. That woman has been nothing but trouble for you, man.” 
“Megan?” Avery asked. 
“No, Sierra, the ex-wife.” 
Trey stood up and leaned over the desk. “I’m warning you, Luc. I’m not gonna listen to you trash-talk Sierra. If that’s the reason you came, get the hell out and don’t come back.”
Luc glared at Trey. “Fine. I’ll keep my mouth shut, but don’t ask me to clean up the mess when you finally get your head out of your ass and realize you’ve pissed away the reputation and career it took me a decade to build.”  
Trey kept his mouth shut only because he knew his friend was right. He wouldn’t be where he was without Luc and he owed him a debt of gratitude. Any damage his career suffered as a result of his poor choices was his fault, and he had to be willing to accept responsibility for the potential fallout.   
Luc walked over to the bar and poured himself a glass of scotch. “So, how are we going to handle this, Avery?”
She slid her glasses off, propping them on top of her head. “I’m still trying to figure that out. We could discredit the girlfriend. Are you sure it’s your baby?” 
Trey shrugged his shoulders. “We’ve been together a few times over the past couple of months, but I was always careful. When I asked her if she’d been with anyone else, she denied it.” 
Avery rolled her eyes. “Of course she did. You didn’t expect her to admit it, did you?” 
“Since Trey won’t know whether the baby is his until it’s born, I think we have to assume that it is, right?” 
Trey felt like his head was going to explode. Over the counter pain relievers had done little, if anything, to ease his pain. “I’m going to go to the doctor with her and find out if we can narrow down the date of conception.”
Avery raised her eyebrows. “Sounds like you’ve been through this before?” 
“When Sierra was pregnant. Her pregnancy was a welcome surprise, but unexpected to say the least.”
She pulled her long hair loose from the ponytail holder she often used to contain it. “I see. Okay, I’m gonna run a background check on both ladies and the judge, but I’ll dig up what I can from the net and my sources first. Anything else you can tell me?” 
He shook his head. “Avery, I don’t want you digging around in Sierra’s past. It’s an invasion of her privacy.”
Luc slapped his palm against his forehead. “You still don’t get it do you, Turner? Your career is going up in flames, and all you’re worried about is protecting Saint Sierra.”  
Avery shook her head in agreement. “I hate to say it, but Luc’s right. Besides, you’re being naïve if you don’t think the paparazzi are going to be all over her. If she has any skeletons in her closet, they’ll find them. That’s why we have to find them and expose them first, so we can be proactive… put our own spin on it.” 
He hated knowing that he had put Sierra in a position to be picked apart by the vultures in the media. The only mistake she made was trusting him again. “Fine, do what you have to do, but I want a full report before you prepare any statements.” 
“You got it, boss.”   

***

Sierra stared at her cell phone, her finger poised over the ignore button until her conscience interceded. “Hey, sis, what’s up?” 
“You’re asking me what’s up. What the hell?” 
Sierra settled onto the bed, preparing for a long lecture. Her sister had strong opinions about everything and Trey was no exception. “I guess you’ve heard?” 
“Of course I’ve heard. I live in Little Rock, not under a rock.” 
Sierra chuckled. At least her sister was able to maintain her sense of humour. She wished she could say the same. “I haven’t turned on the TV, radio, or computer since Eric called a few hours ago. To be honest, I don’t want to hear what people are saying about me, at least not yet.” 
“Speaking of Eric, what did he have to say about all of this?” 
Sierra settled her feet under the turned down duvet. In fact, she would like to bury herself under the covers and shut off the phone. “It’s over. The engagement is off.”
“At least something good has come of this.” 
Sierra winced. Her sister was many things, but sensitive was not one of them. “Thanks for the support, Lexi.” 
“Hey, you know how I feel about him. He’s arrogant, bossy, controlling, and manipulative. Need I go on?” 
She snuggled under the covers, curling up in the fetal position. “No, I’ve heard it all before.” 
“Good, then I won’t have to waste my breath. Now, about that ex of yours...”
“You love Trey.” 
“You’re right, I do. But I don’t love the way he treated you toward the end; he was an insensitive jerk.” 
“Do you think I tried hard enough to save my marriage, Lexi?” The pregnant pause spoke volumes. “You don’t think I should have divorced him, do you?”
Lexi sighed. “No, I don’t. Trey loved you, and I know you loved him. He may have had his faults, but don’t we all?”
Sierra thought about her own laundry list of faults, and Trey’s didn’t seem so inexcusable. “Why didn’t you say something at the time?”
“I was twenty-three years old when you and Trey started having problems. Who the hell was I to give you advice about relationships? I’m still no expert, but if Trey wanted me, I sure as hell wouldn’t be wasting my time with someone who’s old enough to be my father and can’t satisfy me...” 
“Enough, Lexi.” 
“Anyways, this is all a moot point if the redhead is having his kid, right?”
Sierra bolted up in bed, her heart thumping in her chest. “What did you say?”
Lexi groaned. “Are you telling me you didn’t know his girlfriend was pregnant?”
“His girlfriend; you mean Megan?”
“Yeah, says here her name is Megan Scott. She’s a model slash actress.” Lexi chuckled. “Aren’t they all?”
“I met her last night at Jared’s birthday party.”
Lexi laughed. “I saw the pictures; it looks like some party. I’m sorry I had to miss it.” 
Sierra blushed. She could only imagine what those photos revealed, but that was suddenly the least of her worries. “I can’t believe she’s pregnant.” She thought of the woman flaunting her toned little body while tipping back expensive glasses of Bordeaux. “She sure as hell didn’t look or act pregnant last night.”
“Apparently, they’ve only been dating a few months. If she’s only a couple of months along, you wouldn’t have been able to tell, right?”
She couldn’t believe this was happening. She was finally in a place where she’d allowed herself to believe that she and Trey may have a future together only to find out he’d already committed to being some other woman’s sperm donor. “I can’t believe this, Lex. What am I going to do now?”
“I take it you’re still in Nashville?” 
“Yeah, I promised Edna and Jimmy I’d help them out at the bar for a few weeks.” 
“Do you really think that’s a good idea, under the circumstances?”
“I don’t know...” A knock on the door interrupted her thoughts. “There’s someone at the door. I’ve gotta go.” 
“Wait, make sure it’s not a reporter. You know they’re going to be hounding you for the next little while.” 
She pulled her hand through her hair, massaging her scalp. “God, I hadn’t thought of that.” 
“Maybe you should just go home and lay low for a while, huh? Or better yet, why don’t you come here and spend a couple of weeks with me?” 
The knocking persisted, distracting her from her thoughts. “Yeah, maybe, I don’t know. I’ll call you back and let you know what I decide.” 
“If you need me, I can be there before you know it.” 
Sierra smiled in spite of her heartache. “Thanks, honey. I love you.” 
“What are sisters for? Talk to you later.” 
Sierra tightened the sash on her short, black bathrobe, wishing she had time to put clothes on before answering the door. She stood on her tippy-toes to look through the peephole. Trey. 
She considered telling him to go away, but she knew she had to see him eventually. Might as well get it over with.
She opened the door and stood just behind it so hotel guests wouldn’t have to witness her state of undress. “Come in,” she said, quietly. 
His eyes travelled the length of her body before finally settling on her eyes. “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”
“Eric told me about the pictures. Lexi told me about the pregnancy. Anything else you’d like to share?” She didn’t know if she could stand to hear anymore. 
He walked over to the bank of windows stretching across one end of the small room. He pulled the heavy brocade curtains closed, making sure they were secure. “The paparazzi have been doggin’ me all day. They’re outside the building now. Hotel security can try to keep them off the premises, but they’ll still be waiting outside when I go down.” 
“Where’s your security team?” 
“They’re monitoring the halls, securing the elevators and stairwells.” 
She pulled the sash around her robe tighter, conscious of the gaping neckline. She felt ridiculous being self-conscious in front of a man who had seen her naked more times than she could count, but things were different now. “How did you find out which room I was in? I didn’t think hotel staff was allowed to divulge that information.” 
He laughed. “Honey, celebrities can buy just about anything in this town. It may not be right, but that’s the way it is. Are you upset that I came?” 
She looked up at him, noticing the faint circles under his eyes. She wondered if he’d had a drink today, but couldn’t bring herself to ask. “No, we need to talk.” 
He dropped onto the bed, propping his elbows on his knees as he lowered his head. “I’m sorry I dragged you into this mess, Sierra.” 
She felt his pain, but she was too busy feeling sorry for their loss to pity him. She had finally been ready to trust him with her heart, and instead, he’d broken it all over again. “I guess this is good-bye, Trey.” 
He looked up at her, appearing stunned. “What are you talking about? You’re leaving?” 
She lowered herself to the bed beside him, careful to keep a respectable distance between them. 
“You need to be a father to your child.” 
He reached for her hand, but she pulled back, just out of reach. “If this baby is mine, I will be in their life, but that doesn’t mean you and I can’t...” 
She held up her hand to halt his words. “Yes, it does. I can’t do this. I’m sorry.” 
“Why the hell not? I know you still love me, Sierra. Why won’t you give us another chance?” 
Her love and hatred for this man continued to rage an all-consuming war inside her. Couldn’t he see what he was doing to her? Was he selfish enough to ask her to play step-mommy to a child that would be a constant reminder of everything she’d had and lost? “I couldn’t watch you raise a child with another woman. That may be wrong. It may be selfish of me, but that’s how I feel. I would end up resenting you and I don’t want things to end that way.” 
He fixated on the floor. “I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know how to let you go again.” 
She shifted closer, resting her hand on his back. “I’m glad I came back. Glad we had this time to sort things out, get some closure so we can both move on with our lives.” 
He looked up, his eyes locking on hers. “You had a nice life going until I came along and turned it upside down. I’m sorry.” 
She shook her head sadly. “No, I was just trying to convince myself I was happy. I wasn’t.” 
He shifted closer. “What do you mean?”
“I was going through the motions, engaged to a man I didn’t love, living in an apartment that didn’t feel like home.” She looked away, ashamed to admit her failures to a man who had succeeded at almost everything he had ever attempted. He would never be able to understand her shortcomings. “The only thing I am sure about is my career. I’ve poured my heart into the foundation and it’s helped me to fill a void in my life. I feel like I’m making a difference, helping those people in some small way.” 
He took her hand in his. “I’m so proud of you.” 
She wanted to tell him that his praise still meant everything to her. “Thanks.” 
He rubbed his thumb against the back of her hand. “You mentioned Eric...” 
She watched his thumb move up her arm, tracing lazy circles over her pulse point. “I ended things with him.” 
His hand stilled. “Why?”
“He found out what happened last night.” She sighed. “Obviously, he was furious. He said some hurtful things that made me realize he wasn’t the man I thought he was.” 
He looked her in the eyes, his gaze falling to her lips. “Is that the only reason?” 
“No.” 
She allowed her focus to shift to his lips for a nanosecond, but that’s all the invitation he needed. He leaned in closer, close enough to entice her with his familiar scent, and she was lost. Lost in the memories of the life they once shared, lost in the memory of the pleasure only he could promise. She knew it was wrong. They could never be together; he needed to be a father to his child and she needed to move on, learn how to give her heart and body to another man, but she decided to ignore the practical and focus on the possible. It had been so long, too long, since she had felt the exquisite pleasure of being joined with another person, feeling his hands all over her body, focused only on bringing her pleasure. She wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him closer, parting her lips in invitation. 
He groaned, his hands spanning her waist as his mouth settled on hers. It was tentative at first, as he let her set the pace. 
She was beyond the point of no return, beyond the point where logic dictated her actions. She was too deep in the sensations, his hands slipping inside her robe, searing her skin. His hot, slick tongue probed her mouth, demanding more. 
“Trey,” she whispered, bracing her hands on his shoulders so she could climb onto his lap. She felt the rough brush of denim against her sensitive, swollen flesh and she ached with the desire to give in to the climax that was building deep inside. “I need you.” 
He slid the robe off her shoulders, kissing and licking the exposed skin. “I need you too, baby.” He fisted his hands in her hair, pulling her head back so he had access to the sweet spot at the base of her throat. He licked and sucked the sensitive skin, swirling his tongue over her skin until she was grinding into him, begging for release. 
He flipped her over, pinning her on the bed beneath him. “No, we’re gonna take this nice and slow. I’ve been waiting five long years for this, and I’ll be damned if I’m gonna rush it.” He leaned up, pulling his shirt over his head and tossing it to the floor. 
She wrapped her legs around him while reaching for his belt buckle. 
“Let me,” he said, standing.
She watched him make quick work of undressing and marveled at how little his body had changed in the last five years. Same powerful thighs, wide chest with a dusting of dark hair, broad shoulders, honed biceps, and washboard stomach. Her mouth watered just looking at him. 
She began to panic. How would she ever be able to give herself to another man? This image of Trey would be burned in her memory every time she tried to be intimate with another lover. She forced herself to take a deep breath; she wasn’t going to ruin this by dwelling on tomorrow. She would find a way to forget, to move on, but today, she was going to enjoy living in the moment.
“Dammit,” he whispered, climbing on top of her. “I don’t have protection.” He stared hungrily at her naked breasts. “I didn’t expect this to happen.” 
Now would be the time to tell him the truth. The odds of her having any more children were slim to none. She’d found out shortly after Callie died, but he was gone and she knew their marriage was coming to an end, so she didn’t feel the need to tell him about her diagnosis. “It’s okay,” she whispered. 
He stroked her breast, drawing her taut nipple between his fingertips. “You’re on the pill?” 
She closed her eyes, partially because she was enjoying the sensation and partially because she couldn’t look him in the eye and lie to him. This was a one-time deal; he would never have to know the truth. “It’s not the right time.” 
“Open your eyes and look at me, Sierra.” He waited until she acquiesced. “I have been with other women, but I swear to you I’ve been careful. I don’t know how this thing with Megan happened, I...” 
She placed her fingertips over his mouth. “Sssh.” She didn’t want to be reminded about the woman who was carrying the baby she would never be able to give him. “It’s okay. I trust you, Trey.” She realized it was true. She did trust him, in spite of everything that had happened. 
He smiled and leaned down to kiss her. He kissed her gently. “I love you. I’ve always loved you.” 
Her heart soared and then plummeted. He may love her. She may love him, but that wasn’t going to be enough for them to build a future on. “Don’t,” she said, turning away so he couldn’t see the tear sliding down her cheek. “This isn’t about the past or the future. I just want to enjoy this moment with you.”
He grinned. “Oh, I intend to make sure you enjoy it, sweetheart.” He pinned her hands above her head with one hand and slid down her body, releasing her only when he reached his destination. 
He parted her gently, tasting tentatively, until her hair trigger response prompted him to seek more. 
She watched him making love to her with his mouth, giving her the kind of pleasure only he could give. Every time she was close to the edge, her heart racing, her pulse pounding, her body burning with the need for release, he would pull back, kissing the inside of her thighs tenderly until she cried out in protest. “Please, Trey,” she begged. “I need you to make me come.” 
With a few quick flicks of his tongue, he sent over the edge. 
She saw dark flashes behind her eyes, the intensity of the orgasm rocking her to the core. Just when she thought she couldn’t stand anymore, he started working her again and, impossibly, she felt another climax building. She pushed against his shoulders, trying to pull away. “No, Trey. I can’t. It’s too much.” 
“I’m just getting started, baby,” he whispered. “I have five years of lost time to make up for.” 
She raised her arms above her head and decided to stop fighting him. The fear, the sadness, the disappointment, was lost somewhere in the periphery of her mind as long as she gave herself over to the pleasure. 
After another shattering orgasm, he finally relented, easing his way up her body, stopping only to kiss, caress, and taste her slick skin along the way. He stopped long enough to look her in the eyes before slowly easing into her. “Ahh.” He threw his head back, eyes closed, teeth clenched. 
“You are so tight.” He opened his eyes to look at her. “So hot.” He took her mouth, matching the stroke of his tongue as he withdrew. “So wet.” 
She moaned in his ear, helpless to contain the mounting pleasure. She buried her face in his neck, tasting the salty sheen dampening his skin as he stroked her. She could feel his tenuous hold on control as the muscles in his biceps tightened while she scraped her nails down his back. 
He kissed her, dipping inside her mouth, then plunging deeply with his tongue until she was reaching up, grinding into him, seeking her release. She was wild, desperate with a need that felt like it was clawing her from the inside out. 
“That’s it, baby,” he whispered. “Let go, I’m right there with you.” 
His reassurance took her over the edge, and he went with her, pumping into her with a deep, guttural moan. She felt him watching her as she thrashed her head from side to side, whimpering, then crying out as another orgasm claimed her. 
He waited until their orgasms subsided before pulling out and drawing her into his arms. 
“Definitely worth waiting for,” he whispered, shifting her body until she was leaning against his chest. 
She smiled. “I have to agree.” 
“Any regrets?” 
She couldn’t see his face, but she knew him well enough to read his thoughts. He was feeling insecure, uncertain about their future. She wanted to put his mind at ease, but knew she couldn’t make false promises. He deserved to hear the truth. She turned toward him, resting her palm against the dark stubble roughening his cheek. “I love you. I probably always will...” 
He rolled over on his back, covering his eyes with his forearm. “I don’t think I want to hear this.” 
She propped herself up on an elbow. “Trey, I don’t want to hurt you, but you know as well as I do that this isn’t going to work.”
He rubbed his eyes. “Why?” 
She sighed. There were so many reasons: their history, his drinking problem, his obsession with his career, her foundation, his travel schedule, the baby he was having with another woman, the baby they would never be able to have together. 
“Nothing has changed, Trey. You’re still devoted to a career that keeps you on the road most of the year. You’re still trying to beat your battle with the bottle, and to top it off, you’re about to become someone’s Daddy. Your life is about to change in ways you can’t even imagine. The last thing you need is a relationship to add to the stress in your life.” 
He turned toward her, brushing the hair off her face. “Having you in my life makes me happy. It makes me feel as though I can handle anything.” He traced her bottom lip with his thumb. “Please don’t leave me, Sierra. I need you.” 
He was breaking her heart. She wanted to be there for him, but she had to protect herself. “I’m sorry, Trey.” She looked up at him, afraid to ask the question, but knowing she had to put an innocent baby’s needs before her own. “Are you going to marry Megan?”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
She stroked his forearm. “Don’t you think that would be in the best interest of your baby?”
He fell against the pillow and closed his eyes. “I can’t believe this. We just made love and you’re suggesting I marry another woman?”
Maybe if Trey married another woman, she would finally be able to get on with her life, though just the thought of it made her feel physically ill. “This may be your one and only chance to raise a child, Trey. Do you really want to risk screwing that up by being a part-time presence in the child’s life, someone who sends them expensive presents on birthdays and holidays, but is never really there for them?”
He shook his head. “You know that’s not the kind of dad I want to be, Sierra.” They had talked about it countless times over the years. He wanted to be the kind of father his father had been. The one who took him fishing, threw the football with him, taught him the difference between right and wrong.   
“You never get over having the kind of father I did.” She fought back the tears. No matter how many years had passed, she still longed for the childhood she never had. “Don’t be the kind of man my father was; be someone your son or daughter can count on.” 
He stared at her. “Why are you doing this?” 
“Because I love you enough to let you go, Trey.”
Chapter Fifteen 


Sierra had made the rounds and said her good-byes to Marisa and Josh, Jared, Elaine, and Val. 
Her last stop was Jimmy’s. She wandered in with a heavy heart. They had gone to great lengths to help her and Trey find their way back to each other. It wasn’t going to be easy to tell them their efforts were in vain.
“There she is,” Edna said, with a smile and wave from behind the bar. “We wondered when you’d get here.” She looked toward the front door. “Where’s your stuff, honey?”
Sierra settled on a bar stool in front of Edna, trying to decide where to begin. 
“Looks like you could use a drink. What’ll it be?”
Alcohol wasn’t going to solve her problems. Nothing would. “I’ll just have a ginger ale, thanks.”
“Comin’ right up, sugar.”
Sierra watched her, trying to find the right words to explain her decision. 
“There you go,” she said, setting the tall glass in front of her. “Now why don’t you tell me what’s got you so down?”
She took a sip of the cool liquid to coat her dry throat. “Guess you haven’t heard the news?”
She wiped her hands on the apron tied around her midsection. “If it’s bad, I don’t want to hear it.”
“I guess that depends on who you ask. Trey’s gonna be a daddy.”
Her head shot up. “Are you tellin’ me you and Trey...”
“No, Trey and Megan are going to have a baby, Edna.” 
Edna frowned. “Megan? Isn’t she that redhead from last night? Wasn’t she Luc’s date?” 
Sierra nodded. “Apparently, she and Trey have been seeing each other for a couple of months.” 
Edna swiped a damp cloth across the bar top, scowling. “That damn fool. He should know better than to...” 
Sierra interrupted. She hated to even think about it, much less discuss it. “He said he took the necessary precautions, but it wasn’t enough.” 
“Well ain’t that a kick in the pants?” She put her hand over Sierra’s. “I’m sorry, honey.”
She tried to smile, but her lip trembled instead. “Thanks, Edna. Hey, it is what it is, right? I’m sure Trey will be a great daddy. That baby is going to be lucky to have him.” 
Edna nodded, agreeing. “What about the mama?” 
“I don’t know what Trey is going to do.” She looked at Edna. “I told him I thought he should marry her.”
“You know I’m of a different generation, honey. We believed a baby needed a mama and daddy livin’ under one roof, but times have changed. There are lots of babies who do just fine with one parent.” 
She wrapped her hands around the glass, needing something solid to hold on to. “Depending on the parent, I guess. I know what it was like in my house after Mama died. Daddy was drunk all the time. I had to practically raise my little sister by myself. It wasn’t easy.” 
“No child should have to go through that.” 
“No, every child deserves to know they have two parents who loved them enough to at least try to give them the home they deserved. That’s why I told Trey to marry Megan. Maybe it’ll work. Maybe it won’t, but they won’t know unless they try.” 
“What about you? What are you gonna do, honey?” 
“About the job offer...” 
“You’re not gonna stay, are you?”
She tried to blink the tears away. “I can’t, Edna. Is that going to be a problem for you and Jimmy?” 
She smiled, patting her head. “Don’t you worry about us; we’ll be fine. You just do what you need to do.” 
She propped her elbows on the bar, chin in her hands. “That’s just it, Edna. I don’t know what to do. I ended things with Eric.” 
“Can’t say that I’m sorry to hear that, if you wanna know the truth.” 
Sierra chuckled. “Now you sound like my sister.” 
“Smart girl, that one.” 
“Yeah, well, now I have to figure out where to go from here.” 
“Nashville has always been your home, honey. Why don’t you stay?” 
“I can’t, Edna. It’ll be hard enough to see Trey’s picture splashed all over the newsstands. Living here, we’d be bound to run into each other. I don’t think I could deal with that.” 
“So you’re going back to Oklahoma?” 
“For now, at least. Lexi is living in Arkansas; I might go out there and stay with her for a while, see if I like it. I’ve got a lot going on with the foundation, which should help to keep my mind off things.”  
“You’re gonna find your place, girl. I know it.” 
“I thought I had, Edna. I thought my place was here, with all of you, but I guess that wasn’t meant to be.”
“Hey, I don’t want to hear you talk like that. We’ll always be here for you, darlin’. As far as Jim and I are concerned, you’re family.” 
“Thanks. That means a lot.” 
“You’re gonna find that man. The one who wants what you want: a simple life, a house full of babies, and...” 
Sierra started to cry in earnest. She dropped her head into her hands, ashamed of her outburst. 
Edna came around the bar and drew her into her arms. “Hey, what did I say, sugar?” 
“I can’t have any more babies.” She allowed the tears to fall unchecked. Eric was the only other person she had ever told. Given his age and condition, it was a given they would never have children. Sierra suspected that was the reason she had agreed to marry him when he asked. She would have the support of a life partner without having to feel as though she were cheating someone else out of their dreams of having a family. 
Edna stroked her hair. “Oh, sweetie, I’m so sorry. When did you find out?”
“I found out after Callie died.” She sniffled. “Trey was on the road and by the time he got back, I knew our marriage was over, so I didn’t see any point telling him.”
Edna held her at arm’s length. “He was still your husband, Sierra. You should have told him.” She looked at her carefully. “Did that figure into your decision to divorce him?” 
Sierra looked away. “I knew how much he wanted a baby. Our marriage was already falling apart. If he had learned about my condition, he would have stayed because he felt guilty, but eventually he would have come to resent the fact that I couldn’t give him the family he wanted.” She eased out of Edna’s arms, settling back on the stool. “Now, he’s getting what he’s always wanted, a baby and a family of his own.” 
Edna sat on the stool beside her, grabbing her hands. “Trey loves you, girl. Don’t ever doubt that. You’re the one he wants, the one he’s always wanted. If you hadn’t been able to have a baby the old-fashioned way, you would have found a way to make it happen another way. That was no reason to give up on your marriage.” 
She suddenly felt bone tired. It had been a grueling few days and she just wanted to fall into bed and sleep for a week. “Is that why you lured me back here? You thought Trey and I might be able to work out our differences?” 
Edna sighed, not looking the least bit contrite about being ousted. “I knew his family was worried sick about him and I knew you weren’t happy, no matter how hard you tried to pretend you were.” 
“I’m glad I came back. Thank you, Edna.” 
She snorted. “Hell, I don’t know why you’re thankin’ me. I’m surprised you’re still speakin’ to me.”
Sierra leaned over and gave her friend a quick hug. “I know you were meddling because you care.”
“I love you both,” she said, seizing Sierra’s chin in her hand. “I just want you kids to be happy.” 
“We will find a way to be happy, just not together.” 

***

Trey walked in the door and the familiar scent of cinnamon rolls assailed him, Sierra’s favorite. He followed the scent toward the kitchen and saw Val with her back turned to him, looking out the kitchen window. “You haven’t made those in years. What’s the occasion?” 
She turned to face him, tears in her eyes. “Sierra was here to say good-bye.” 
He felt the news physically, like a fist to the gut. “So she really is leaving? I was hoping she’d reconsider.” 
Val pulled out a chair at the kitchen table. “Sit down, Trey. We need to talk.” 
He knew Val well and could always tell when something was wrong. He straddled the chair next to her so he could look her directly in the eye. “What is it? What’s wrong? You’re not sick, are you?” 
She smiled and touched his cheek. “No, I’m fine. Better than fine.” 
He frowned, puzzled. She didn’t look fine. She looked distraught. “Are you sure?” 
She withdrew a tissue from the pocket of her apron and dabbed at her nose. “Trey, I’ve made a decision.”
He braced his hands against the chair, trying to prepare himself for the news. “Why do I get the feeling I’m not going to be happy about this?” 
“I hope you’ll be happy for me.”  She looked at him, her eyes filling with unshed tears. “I’m getting married.” 
He got up and knelt down at her side, pulling her into his arms. “Congratulations, Val. I’m thrilled for you, really.” 
She hugged him back, hard. “Sit down. There’s more.” 
He reclaimed his chair, waiting for her to continue. 
“Terrance and I are moving to Florida, honey.” 
He felt the room shift almost as though a tremor had moved through and once again rocked his world. “Are you serious? Why Florida? Why not stay here with the people who love you?” 
She smiled, touching his forearm. “I never thought I’d fall in love again after George died. We had twenty-five wonderful years together, and when I lost him, there was a huge void in my life. That’s when I came here to work for you and Sierra. You two became like family to me, the children I never had.” She wiped at the tears sliding down her cheeks. “It was hard to watch you two drift apart, and after Callie died, well, nothing was ever the same, was it?” 
He tried to swallow the lump threatening to choke him. It was hard enough to think about losing Sierra, but it was nearly impossible to think about the baby they’d lost. 
“I’d never seen two people more in love than you and Sierra.” She smiled wistfully. “Reminded me of George and me when we were young.” 
He gripped her shoulder, understanding the pain she must have endured when she lost the love of her life. 
“This house was a home then, Trey. You were both so happy, excited about the future, planning a wonderful life together. Then she left. This home that you two built together became an empty shell, sort of like you.” 
He knew Val was right. He felt empty and hollow inside and his house definitely wasn’t a home anymore. It was a museum, a sad tribute to the life they’d once shared. “You’re right about everything. I’m sorry; I guess I was so wrapped up in my own grief I didn’t think about what that must have been like for you, how difficult it must have been for you to live in a place that didn’t feel like home anymore.” 
“I’d like to make a new home with Terrence, Trey. I hope I have your blessing.” 
He reached over to kiss her tear-stained cheek. “You know you do, but does it have to be in Florida?” 
“He has family there, two children and four grandchildren. He bought a little house there a few years back and that’s where he wants to retire.” 
“What about you? Is that what you want, Val?” 
She shook her head. “It is, honey. I’ve thought about this for a long time. Leaving you will be the hardest part; you’re like family.” 
“I don’t know what I’m gonna do without you,” he admitted, drawing a deep breath. Just when he thought he had nothing else to lose, he learned he did.  
“You have some difficult decisions to make, young man. Have you decided what you’re going to do?”
“Sierra told you about the baby?” 
“Yes. She thought I would have heard about it already.” She looked at him as though she was trying to gauge his reaction to the news he was going to be a daddy. “How do you feel about this?” 
He let his head fall forward. “I don’t know. Part of me is thrilled that I’m gonna get the chance to be a father again, but I wish things could have been different.” 
“You wish Sierra were the mother of your baby instead of Megan?” 
He shook his head. “I do, more than anything. Is that terrible?” 
She chuckled and shook her head. “No, son, that’s honest. But you have to deal with the situation as it is. So, have you decided how you’re going to handle it?” 
“I want to be a father to this baby, but I don’t know if I can marry her, Val.” 
“Who says you have to marry her?” 
His cell phone buzzed, but he chose to ignore it. “Are you saying you don’t think I should?” 
“It’s not my decision to make, Trey. It’s yours. You have to decide what kind of relationship you intend to have with the baby and his or her mama.” 
“I want to be a good dad, Val. I just don’t know if I’m ready for this. It’s crazy, right? I couldn’t have been more excited when Sierra was pregnant with Callie, yet here I am almost six years older and feeling like I’m totally ill-equipped to be a father.” 
“It’s not crazy. You’re at a different place in your life now.” 
“What I wouldn’t give to go back and do it all again. I would do it so differently. I wouldn’t put anything above my marriage, not my career, my fans, nothing.” 
“You can’t go back, but you can learn from your mistakes so you don’t repeat them.” 
“I know. Listen, enough about me. I want to hear about your plans. When are you and Terrence tying the knot?” 
She shrugged. “I don’t know. We’ll probably just go down to the courthouse and do the deed.” She laughed. “At our age, it seems silly to make a big production of it.” 
He slammed his hand on the table. “Like hell you will. You’re going to have a beautiful wedding right here in this house. We’ll fill it with friends and family, flowers, food, and decorations. For at least one day, it’ll be a home, just like in the old days.” He winked at her. “How does that sound?”
She linked her hand with his. “It sounds wonderful, Trey. Thank you.”     
Chapter Sixteen 


Sierra was stepping out of the shower when she heard a knock on the entrance door. She thought about ignoring it until it became evident that her visitor did not intend to go away quietly. Cursing, she quickly toweled off and slipped into a terrycloth robe and slippers before making her way across the small condo to the front door. She threw the door open, fully intending to tell her guest she was not in the mood to buy what they were selling when she saw her sister standing on the other side. 
She launched herself at Sierra, nearly knocking her over. “It’s so good to see you.” 
Sierra hugged her back with as much enthusiasm. “I can’t believe you’re here, kiddo. I’ve missed you so much.”
Lexi pulled back to look at her, rolling her eyes. “We talk, text, or email almost every day, sis.” 
“It’s not the same and you know it.” She grabbed her hand and pulled her over the threshold. “Get in here already.”
Lexi laughed. “Relax. I’m not going anywhere.” 
Sierra paused to look at the sister who was eight years her junior. She looked gorgeous. Her ash-blond hair was tastefully highlighted and cut to her shoulders in bouncy waves. Her complexion was flawless, as always, and her blue eyes sparkled with mischief. 
“God, just looking at you makes me want to hit the gym,” Sierra groaned. Her sister trained to run at least three marathons every year. She claimed it helped her to relieve stress, though Sierra couldn’t imagine how running over twenty-six miles could qualify as stress relief.  
“Please, you haven’t gained an ounce.” Lexi eyed her critically. “If anything, you’ve lost a few pounds. Have you been following that clean-eating program I emailed you? It’s amazing, trust me. You’ll feel and look better than ever.”
Sierra didn’t bother to tell her that her appetite in the past weeks had been almost nonexistent, not to mention the bouts with nausea. She was sure she’d caught a nasty virus, but didn’t want to worry her sister. “I’ve been trying, though I’m probably not as committed as you are.” 
Lexi shed her cropped leather jacket and tossed it on the sofa. She looked around the small apartment. “Sierra, it looks like you just moved in. It’s been almost a year, hasn’t it?” 
She shrugged. “More or less.” She hadn’t been able to muster enthusiasm for anything lately, least of all an interior decorating project that would imply she was putting down roots in a place that would never feel like home. 
Lexi wandered around, finally standing in front of the window. “At least you’ve got a good view. Even with market conditions being what they are, I bet the place has gone up at least five percent since you bought it.”
Sierra settled on the couch, suddenly feeling tired. The past several weeks she hadn’t been herself and she was beginning to consider the possibility she would have to book an appointment with her doctor next week. “You’re probably right; units in this building seem to sell quickly.” 
If there was one thing her sister knew well, it was the real estate market. She had turned a small loan into a multi-million dollar portfolio of residential rental properties in less than seven years. 
Lexi turned to face her. “Hey, are you okay? You look a little pale, honey.” 
Sierra laughed, tugging on her damp waves. “Of course I look pale; I don’t have a lick of make-up on.” 
Lexi claimed the seat next to her. “You still look gorgeous. So, tell me. What’s been happening since you came back from Nashville. It’s been about a month, right?” 
“You know about as much as I do. Trey is going to be a daddy, though I can’t say when. I haven’t heard a word from him, nor have I heard any wedding rumors, so he may be holding off on making the announcement. Unless he’s decided against marrying her.”
“Speaking of marriage, have you heard from Eric?” 
“He stopped by the day after I got back. He brought flowers, apologized for the things he said. He seemed genuine, but it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t change the fact that I don’t love him. At least, not the way I should.” 
“So if Trey does decide to marry the girlfriend, how are you going to handle that?” 
She leaned her head against the over-stuffed cushions. “I don’t know, Lex. I guess I’ll find a way. What other choice do I have? Hey, maybe I should cancel my Internet and cable subscriptions, cut off all ties to the modern world, and move to a remote region in Tibet where they’ve never even heard of Trey Turner.” 
Lexi looked at her closely. “Tell me what happened between you and Trey when you were in Nashville.” 
Sierra shrugged her shoulders. “There’s not much to tell. Can I get you something to eat or drink?” 
Lexi grabbed her hands. “Why are you trying to change the subject? There’s something you’re not telling me, isn’t there?” 
“Don’t be silly; you know I don’t keep secrets from you.” Except for the secret about her fertility problems. Not that it was an issue when you didn’t have any potential sperm donors on the horizon. Unless she was to follow through on her plan to adopt a baby on her own. 
“You have that look on your face,” Lexi said, pointing her finger. 
She feigned innocence, knowing her sister would see right through her. “What look is that?” 
“That look you get when you’re busted.” Lexi leaned back against the cushions and tucked her legs under her. “Okay, spill. What is it you haven’t told me?” 
Sierra sighed. The time had come; she had to come clean with her sister. “After Callie died, I got some news that I didn’t share with you or anyone at the time.” 
Lexi grabbed her hand. “What kind of news?” 
She looked down at their joined hands, thankful she wasn’t as alone as she felt. “I found out the chances of me ever being able to conceive naturally again were slim to none. In fact, the doctor said it was surprising I had been able to conceive the first time, though Trey and I hadn’t been using protection for years when we conceived Callie.” 
She leaned forward to hug her, whispering in her ear, “I’m so sorry, honey.” She pulled back and wiped the tears streaming down Sierra’s face. “I know how much you’ve always wanted a family.”
Sierra nodded, not trusting herself to speak. 
“You didn’t even tell Trey about it?” 
She reached for a tissue from the box on the table. She had used so many tissues lately she would have to start buying them in bulk. It seemed the sight of Trey’s face in a magazine or the sound of his voice on the radio was enough to set her off. “I didn’t see any point. It was already over between us.” 
“Is that why you decided to divorce him, Sierra?” 
“It was part of the reason, but there was more to it than that. If I hadn’t found out about my fertility problem, I may have tried harder to make it work with Trey.” She shrugged. “I guess we’ll never know now, will we?” 
“Just because you can’t have a baby the traditional way doesn’t mean you can’t have a baby. There are so many other options available now.” 
Sierra leaned into the couch cushions. “I know. I’ve been giving that a lot of thought lately. Do you think it’s crazy of me to think about adopting a baby on my own, Lex?” 
“Not at all, sweetie.” She rubbed Sierra’s knee. “Hell, you practically raised me. You’re the most compassionate, responsible woman I know. Any baby would be lucky to have you as a mama.”
Sierra smiled through her tears. “Thanks, sis. I just feel this emptiness, this longing for a family, you know?”
Lexi chuckled. “I can’t say that I do. You know I’m not into the marriage, kids, white picket fence thing, but if that’s what you want, I say go for it.” 
“I would love that, but I’m tired of waiting around for it to happen. I love Trey, but we can’t be together and I’m not sure I’ll ever find the right guy at the rate I’m going. Hell, after Eric, I’m not even sure I trust myself to choose the right guy. Besides, I’m not getting any younger and my biological clock is starting to keep me awake at night.” 
Lexi rolled her eyes. “Thirty-seven is not that old, Sierra.”
“Maybe not, but I’m just tired of waiting for the life I want. I think I’m ready to start making things happen for myself. You know what I mean?”  
Lexi laughed. “Look who you’re talking to. You know I don’t believe in waiting around for things to happen.” 
Sierra nodded, suddenly seeing things clearer than she had in a long time. “I think I’m going to take a page from your book, Lexi. I’m going to start taking risks and living my life on my terms. To hell with what everyone else thinks.” 
Lexi gave her a quick hug. “Good for you. You know whatever you decide, you have my support. Now, about this,” she said, pulling an embossed invitation out of her Gucci handbag. 
“Are we going to Val’s wedding or not?” 
“You bet we are. In fact, I can’t wait.” 

***

More than a week after her sister’s impromptu visit, Sierra sat in her doctor’s office awaiting a myriad of test results that would hopefully explain her loss of appetite, fatigue, nausea, and depression. 
The middle-aged, female doctor entered the small room and took the small swivel chair behind the scarred wood desk. 
Sierra took in her professional appearance, no nonsense haircut, sensible shoes, and white lab coat.  For some reason, focusing on her doctor’s appearance put her at ease, made her feel less anxious about the potential for a grave diagnosis. 
The doctor smiled and clasped her hands on the desk in front of her. “I know you’ve been anxious to get these test results, Sierra. I just wanted to be sure, so I asked the lab to run the test a second time.” She put on a pair of wire-framed reading glasses and opened a manila file folder. “The good news is that the symptoms you described can be easily explained.” She peered at Sierra over the top of her glasses. “You’re pregnant. Judging by the HcG levels, I would say about five weeks.” 
Sierra felt a shift in the room. The sunlight filtering through the blinds seemed brighter and the pictures on the walls, pictures of fetuses at various stages of development, seemed to come to life, demanding her attention. “I can’t believe it,” she whispered. 
“I’m aware of your medical diagnosis and I have to say that I concur, but obviously this is one of those rare instances where medical science cannot explain why you were able to conceive naturally.” She closed the file. “I assume this is good news?” 
“Yes,” Sierra whispered, still unable to believe her good fortune. She was going to have a baby of her own. 
“This pregnancy may prove to be difficult for you. May I ask if you have the support of the father?”  
How was she going to tell Trey about this? Would he think she’d gotten pregnant on purpose after she assured him they wouldn’t have to worry about the risk of pregnancy? “I’m sure he’ll be surprised. We’re divorced, Dr. Lloyd. This pregnancy wasn’t planned.” 
The doctor removed her glasses and leaned forward. “I’m not here to pass judgment, Sierra. Normally I wouldn’t ask, but your former husband is Trey Turner, correct?” 
Sierra felt her cheeks grow warm under the scrutiny. “Yes.” 
“I thought I’d heard of your recent involvement on one of those entertainment shows. I hope he’ll be there to offer his support should you need it.” 
Sierra felt uneasy. “Is there something you’re not telling me, Dr. Lloyd? Is my pregnancy at risk?” 
“In cases such as yours, it’s often difficult for women to deliver full-term babies. Given your history, we may need to put you on bed rest at some point. We’ll monitor the situation closely.” She withdrew several small booklets from her desk drawer and handed them to Sierra.  
“For now, the best thing you can do for yourself and your baby is to minimize stress, get plenty of rest, maintain a healthy diet, limit weight gain to no more than eight to ten pounds per trimester, and take your pre-natal vitamins. The nurse will schedule your first ultrasound appointment at the desk. Do you have any further questions for me?” 
Sierra shook her head numbly. She had just been given the best news she could have hoped for; she was going to get a second chance to be a mother. But how would she survive if she lost this baby too? 
She shook the doctor’s hand, thanked her for her time, and stepped out of the office. She closed the door behind her and leaned against it, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. She said a silent prayer that her baby would remain safe and protected for the next nine months.  
Chapter Seventeen 


Trey leaned back in his chair, feeling a sense of satisfaction that had eluded him since before the accident. He was finally able to write music again, and if his instincts were correct, he had the makings of another platinum-selling album, thanks to Sierra. Ever since the day they spent together in the studio, talking, laughing, and writing, it had been like he found the key to the vault where his creativity had been hiding. The emotion that had been stored away for years came pouring out in the form of lyrics he was finally ready to share with the world. For years, the thought of sharing his personal pain seemed unbearable, but now he could see that sharing his trials had the power to help him heal the past and move forward. 
“Knock, knock,” Marisa said, sticking her head in the door. “Can I come in?” 
He closed his laptop and gestured to the seat across from him. “Sure, take a load off.” 
That was another change that taken place in recent weeks: he no longer felt the need to shut himself off from the rest of the world. He was starting to spend more time with friends and family, spending time in the studio with his band, and even granting a few interviews. The life he had known behind the walls of his studio the past year had gradually started to open up and make way for the world he had cut himself off from. He felt like he was finally starting to forgive himself for the past and accept the fact that he had the potential to be a good father. If only he could share the experience with Sierra instead of Megan. 
Marisa snagged a bottle of water from the mini-fridge and sank into the armchair with a deep sigh. “What a day. I went dress shopping with Val.” She winked. “I finally talked her into wearing white.” 
Val’s wedding made him think of her departure, something he wasn’t ready to face just yet. It was hard to imagine his house could still feel like a home without her. 
The wedding planner he hired had dropped by earlier to share her vision for the grounds, thousands of flowers and sparkling lights, hundreds of yards of imported silk, and impressive tents and botanical arches coming together to create every bride’s fantasy wedding. He couldn’t help but remember another wedding: his and Sierra’s. But there was no sense dwelling on the past; she had made her feelings clear and there was nothing he could do now but respect her wishes and give her the time and space she needed to move on with her life. A life that clearly didn’t include him. 
“Val told me about the wedding present you gave them, a Caribbean cruise. That’s so sweet.”  
“She deserves it after putting up with me all these years. I’m glad she’s happy, but I’m not gonna lie to you, Marisa. I’m going to miss her.” 
She reached across the desk to grab his hand. “I know you will, but it was time for her to move on. I guess it’s time for you to make some tough decisions too, isn’t it?” 
He had been putting off the inevitable for weeks, hoping something would happen to change his circumstances. After a lot of soul searching, he realized he was ready to be a husband and father again, but not like this. Not when he didn’t even like, much less love, the mother of his child. 
He thought about what Sierra said about giving his baby a home with two parents, but he couldn’t imagine how sharing a home with Megan would make him or his baby happy. “I’ve already decided I’m not going to marry Megan.” 
She sat back and stared at him. “Good for you. I think you’re making the right decision, Trey.” 
“You do? I’m surprised to hear you say that. Our parents seem to share Sierra’s opinion about what I should do. I thought you’d agree with them.” 
She crossed her ankles and leaned her head against the chair frame. “Honestly, the idea of having Megan as a sister-in-law doesn’t give me a warm and fuzzy feeling, but it’s more than that. I stood by and watched you make a mistake with Sierra. I don’t want to see that happen again.”  
“You think marrying Sierra was a mistake?”
She shook her head. “No, dummy, I think divorcing her was a mistake.” 
He chuckled at his sister’s candor. He could always count on her to be honest with him. “It’s not like I had a choice. She told me she wanted a divorce and there was nothing I could say or do to change her mind, so there was no point fighting it. I’d already hurt her enough. If she wanted to leave me, I had no choice but to let her go.” 
“Ever wonder why she was so adamant about it?” 
Trey took a sip from the bottle of water in front of him. He had begun to replace alcohol with water and found he was feeling better, both physically and mentally. There was no more dehydration, headaches, hangovers, or dizzy spells. Things had definitely begun to come into clear focus since he stopped using alcohol as a tonic to heal all that ailed him. 
“Of course I’ve wondered why Sierra insisted on a divorce instead of a trial separation. I can’t tell you how many hours I’ve wasted trying to figure out where it all went wrong, how I could have done things differently.” 
“It’s just not like Sierra to give up on something without a fight, you know? I know you guys were in a bad place after Callie died. You were on the road, drinking, partying, but why didn’t she ever try to reach you, to force you to go into marriage counseling?” 
“She mentioned that to me recently. She said maybe we should have tried harder to make our marriage work.”  
Marisa worked at peeling the label off the plastic bottle. “That’s what I mean. Something doesn’t make sense. If there’s one thing I’ve never doubted, it’s how you two feel about each other. Why would she be willing to just walk away from that?” 
He propped his elbows on the desk, dropping his face into his hands. He was tired, tired of trying to make sense of a situation that didn’t make sense. There was no logical reason for two people who loved each other as much as they did to walk away without a fight, then or now. He looked across the desk at his sister. “You’re right; it doesn’t make sense to just walk away.” 
She frowned. “Isn’t that the point I was making?” 
“I’m not talking about what happened back then. I’m talking about now.” 
“Okay, I’m listening.” 
“I’ve respected Sierra’s wishes for the past couple of months. I’ve kept my distance, haven’t contacted her, though Lord knows I’ve wanted to at least a thousand times.” 
Marisa smiled. “I’ll bet you did.” 
“I’m allowing her to push me away again, even though that’s not what I want. I need her in my life and I think she needs me too.” 
“Agreed. So what are you going to do to convince her to give you another chance?” 
“I don’t know yet. I’m going to see Megan today. She has a doctor’s appointment and I’m going with her. Maybe we can talk, agree to some kind of arrangement. I could certainly make it worth her while to be reasonable about this. If I can work this out, maybe Sierra could find a way to accept this baby as part of her life.” 
“You know how much Sierra loves children, Trey. I don’t think that would be as much of an issue as some of the other things she’s concerned about. Namely your career, the travel schedule, not to mention the drinking.” 
He reached into the desk and pulled out a small, circular chip. He slid it across the desk. “Sixty days sober. I know this is a battle I’ll have to fight every day for the rest of my life, but I feel like I’m in a good place now. I’m thinking clearly and I know what I want.” 
She grinned at him. “I’m so proud of you. All I’ve ever wanted is for you to be happy.” 
He smiled back. “As for my career, I don’t know how that’s going to play out. God knows I’ve made enough money to quit whenever I feel like it, but I’m not sure that I’m there yet, you know? I feel like I’ve still got a lot of good years left to make music. But if I had to choose between Sierra and my career, I’d choose Sierra.” 
Marisa smiled. “Seriously? You’d give up everything just to be with her again?”
He didn’t even have to think about it. “I’d give it up in a heartbeat, sis.”
“Maybe you won’t have to. Maybe you guys could find a way to have it all. She could tour with you, collaborate with you. You could bring her into your world instead of trying to keep her out.” 
He looked at his sister intently. “You think I did that last time, tried to shut her out?” 
“Yeah, you did. But I trust you’ve learned your lesson?” 
“Oh yeah, I can guarantee I’ll never be repeating those mistakes again. That is, if I can find a way to convince her to give me another chance.”
Marisa smiled, looking wistful. “I hope she does. She’s lucky to have a man who loves her as much you do. What I wouldn’t give to have someone like that in my life.” 
“What about Josh? Things not working out?” 
She sighed. “He’s a great guy, but we’ve decided we’re better off as friends.” 
“Why’s that?” 
She rolled her eyes. “I think you know why.” 
“Luc?” 
“Hasn’t it always been about Luc?”
“I think it’s time that guy got his shit together. Doesn’t he realize that you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to him?”
She came around the desk to give him a hug. “Thanks for saying that. I needed a shot of self-confidence today.”  

***

Trey eased his Porsche into a parking space in the visitor’s lot of the newer apartment building complex and cut the engine. He stared up at the nondescript windows, wondering whether he was ready to have this conversation. He had rehearsed it in his mind dozens of times, consulted his legal team about the offer he planned to make, and prayed that he would be able to help Megan see reason. Everything was riding on this; he had to make her understand that this arrangement would benefit everyone involved. 
He got out of the car and pulled his cowboy hat down so it was covering his eyes. The press hadn’t been as relentless lately, but if they found out about this appointment, he was sure to have unwanted company. His security team wanted to accompany him, but he had insisted on doing this alone. An entourage would only draw attention to him and he needed to preserve his privacy now more than ever. 
He turned his back to the security cameras and used the wall phone to call up to her apartment. It was a nice enough building, he noted, but it didn’t compare to the luxurious penthouse suite she would be able to afford with his generous settlement offer. 
“Hello,” she said. 
“Megan, it’s Trey. I know I’m early, but we need to talk before your appointment. Can I come up?” Silence. “Megan, are you still there?” 
“I’m still here. Okay, I’ll buzz you up.” 
“Thanks.” He hung up the phone and waited for the lobby doors to slide open. He took a deep breath, thinking about the power of a drink to calm his nerves. It hadn’t been the first time he’d thought of indulging over the past twenty-four hours, but he’d remained steadfast in his commitment to remain sober. He couldn’t give in to the temptation, not when he was so close to getting everything he wanted. 
He was grateful to step onto the elevator and find it empty. The building was quiet. He’d yet to see another visitor or resident roaming the halls. He stepped off the elevator and knocked on her door. Minutes felt like hours as he waited, knocking repeatedly. He began to wonder if she’d changed her mind when the door finally opened a crack. He set his cowboy boot in the open space, in case she was inclined to close the door in his face. 
“Megan, let me in,” he whispered, looking down the hall to see an elderly couple locking their apartment door. They looked in his direction, but he was quick to turn his back, shielding their view of his face. 
She hesitated, but the door finally swung open. She stepped back to allow him to enter. 
He took in the tidy, nondescript furniture and accessories before turning to face the woman carrying his child. It looked like she had been crying. “Hey, you okay?” 
She wrapped her arms around her midsection. “Come in, Trey.” She walked toward the small sofa, gesturing to a nearby armchair. “Have a seat. Can I get you anything?” 
He noted her disheveled appearance. Judging by the drawstring sweatpants, stained tank top, and tousled ponytail, she had forgotten their appointment. “No, I’m fine.” He took the seat she offered, sitting on the edge, though he preferred to stand. There was no sense getting comfortable; she could quite possibly throw him out as soon as she heard his proposition. 
“How’ve you been feeling?” he asked. His eyes drifted to her flat stomach. She must be three months pregnant by now. Weren’t women supposed to start showing evidence of their pregnancy by the third month? 
“Fine,” she said, picking at a piece of lint on her cotton pants. “I haven’t seen you in a while.” 
“I’m sorry about that. I’ve been spending a lot of time in the studio working on the new album.” 
She nodded. “That’s what I figured when you didn’t return my calls.” 
He leaned forward, placing his hand on her knee. “Megan, we need to talk about our situation.” 
She looked at his hand before looking away. “What about it?”
“Do you want this baby? I mean, are you prepared for the fact that this baby will change your life forever?” 
She frowned, looking confused. “What are you suggesting, Trey?”
He withdrew his hand, gripping the armrests of the chair instead. “I have a proposition for you. I’d like you to agree to let me raise this baby.” 
“You? Are you serious?” 
He tried to calm the tight fist of anxiety coiling in his chest. “I’m very serious. I could help you start a new life wherever you want. I know you want to be an actress, so Los Angeles would seem like a logical move, don’t you think?” 
“It sounds like you want to buy this baby, Trey.” 
He jumped off the couch. This was not going well. If he wasn’t careful, she would throw him out and go to the press with her claims that he tried to buy her off. He wandered toward the window and took a deep breath to collect his thoughts before he turned toward her again. “I’m not suggesting that at all. I’ve given this a lot of thought, Megan. I’m ready to be a father, but you and I would never work. Surely you must know that?” 
Her face tightened into a scowl and he saw the first sign of hatred in her eyes. 
“It’s because of your precious Sierra, isn’t it? If it weren’t for her, you would have been willing to marry me.” 
“I told you how I felt about Sierra; nothing’s changed.” 
“Does that mean the two of you intend to raise this baby together if I agree to hand it over to you?” 
“That would be my hope, though I haven’t talked to Sierra about it yet.” 
She stood and walked toward him, glaring. “Too bad that’s not gonna happen, honey.” 
He tried to rein in his temper. He needed to remain calm if he had a prayer of making her see things his way. “We could give this baby everything they need. Think about it, Megan. They would have a loving home, access to the finest schools...” 
“There is no baby, asshole.” 
He took a step back, feeling as though someone had struck him. “What are you talking about? Did you have a miscarriage?” 
“That’s what I’d planned to tell you after we were married. The fact is this baby was just a figment of your imagination.” 
“So you were going to pretend to be pregnant so I’d marry you and then fake a miscarriage?” He took a step toward her, his rage rising like a living, breathing entity that threatened to overtake him. 
She stood up to him, refusing to back down in the face of his anger. “It would have worked too if my partner in crime hadn’t been so goddamned inept.” 
He clenched his fists. He never had, never would strike a woman, but he wasn’t above taking his anger out on a sheet of drywall. “Who the hell put you up to this, Megan?”
She smiled, looking smug. “Why, the good judge, of course. It seems he did a little research on you and saw a few pictures of us together. He called me the night of your father’s birthday party and we hatched this little plan to keep you and your precious Sierra apart.” 
Just when he thought his blood pressure couldn’t get any higher, he felt it skyrocket. His head was spinning and he felt light-headed. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, forcing himself to calm down or risk a medical episode that could land him in the hospital before he had a chance to kill the good judge with his bare hands. 
“This happened the night of the party? Are you telling me Luc knew about this?” His friend was a lot of things, but he couldn’t stomach the thought of him being a traitor. They had been through too much together over the years. 
“No, Luc didn’t know about it. I called him that night. He mentioned the party and I talked him into taking me.” 
He stared at her in disbelief. There was no baby. He had spent every day for the past two months making plans for a baby that didn’t exist. “How could you do this?” He looked at her flat stomach and felt the tears sting his eyes. “I had already fallen in love with that baby.” 
For the first time she looked ashamed, remorseful. “I just wanted you to fall in love with me, Trey.” 
“If you had any idea what it’s like to lose a child, you wouldn’t even consider putting another person through this. What did I do to make you hate me so much?” 
The tears shimmered in her eyes and she reached out to touch his forearm. “I’m sorry. I didn’t think about the fact that you’d already lost one baby...” 
He held up his hand. “Don’t say another word. I don’t ever want to see your face or hear your name again. Is that understood?” 
He didn’t wait for her to agree before he stalked past her. He couldn’t waste any more time talking to her. He had a plane to catch and a score to settle. 
Chapter Eighteen 


Trey stepped out of the airport, trying to blend into the crowds of people looking for their rides or attempting to hail a cab. He stepped up to the only black Cadillac limousine waiting at the curb. 
A uniformed driver jumped out, rushing around to the passenger’s side of the car. He tipped his hat and opened the rear door. “Good afternoon, sir.” 
Trey handed the man his black leather carry-on bag and slid into the backseat. He eyed the mini-bar, selecting a small bottle of water instead of the small bottle of liquor that was beckoning him. 
The driver got into the car and looked at him in the rear view mirror. “Mr. Spencer told me your destination when he booked your reservation. Has anything changed, sir?” 
“No.” 
“Very well, we should arrive at your destination in approximately twenty minutes. Please buzz me if you need anything.” He pressed a button to raise the privacy glass and focused his attention on navigating the airport traffic. 
Trey was grateful it was Saturday, which meant the judge would likely be home, instead of at the courthouse. Killing a judge in the middle of a courthouse full of people seemed like a bad idea. He’d had several hours to consider his options and decided that as much as he might like to, killing Sierra’s ex-fiancé was probably not in his best interest. He would take pleasure in making him squirm, but he would let him live. Although if he had been face-to-face with him in that apartment a few hours ago, he may not have been so rational. 
He selected his sister’s number on his speed dial and completed the call. 
She answered on the first ring. “Hey, what’s up, Trey?” 
“I’m gonna be out of town overnight. I just wanted to give you a head’s up.” 
She hesitated. “That was sudden. Is there a problem?” 
He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. He felt the mother of all headaches looming. How could he tell his sister he been conned by a gold-digger who was trying to trick him into marrying her? 
“Okay, why am I getting a bad feeling about this? What’s going on? Where the hell are you?” 
“I’m in Oklahoma City.” 
“What are you doing there? Are you going to see Sierra?” 
“I am, but I’m going to see that son of a bitch she was engaged to first.” 
“Oh no. I definitely don’t like the sound of this. What the hell happened?” 
Kind of like tearing a bandage off a wound, he had to do it quickly and get it over with. Except this time, the only wound was to his pride and that would take a lot longer to heal.  “Would you believe he hatched a plan with Megan to try and trap me into marrying her? She was never pregnant, Marisa.” 
“Oh, honey, I’m so sorry.” 
“Yeah, it came as a shock to say the least. Anyway, I’m going to deal with him, and then I’m going to see Sierra. I need to fill her in; hopefully this will change things.” 
“Promise me you won’t do anything stupid when you see Eric. The last thing you need is negative publicity right now.” 
“I’ve had a chance to calm down. I’ve got it under control now.”
“Do you want me to tell the folks about this?” 
He sighed. How were their parents going to react to the news that their chance of being grandparents had been snatched away yet again? “Yeah, go ahead and tell them.” 
“You know they want grandchildren, but not like this. They’ll be fine with it as long as you are.” 
“To be honest, I don’t think I’ve had time to process it yet.” He thought about his plans for that baby and the second chance he had begun to think he deserved. “It’s weird. I know she was never pregnant, and I sure as hell wouldn’t have chosen her as the mother of my child, but that baby was real to me, you know? I was already starting to think about baby names and...” He paused. 
There was no sense torturing himself with something that was never going to happen. 
“I know how hard this must be for you, Trey. But listen, you could still get your chance to be a father. Maybe now that Megan’s no longer a factor, Sierra will give you another chance and you two can have that family you’ve always wanted.” 
That was what he wanted more than anything, but his conscience questioned whether he really deserved a second chance with her after the way he’d let her down during their marriage.  
“Does Luc know you’ve left town?” 
“Yeah, I called him when I was on my way home to pack a bag. He’s pissed at me for not taking Josh with me, but he understood that I needed to do this alone.” 
“Were you mobbed at the airport?” 
“No, I signed a few autographs, but I was basically able to keep a low profile.” 
“Good. I still can’t believe that bitch lied to you about being pregnant. I’m tempted to pay her a visit myself.”
Trey grinned. “Easy, slugger. She’s not worth the effort. I’m just glad to be rid of her so I can move on with my life.” 
“That’s what you need to focus on right now, getting on with your life. I know you’re gonna be a great dad someday, when the time’s right.” 
He ran his fingertip over one of the small liquor bottles in front of him. “Thanks. Hell, maybe it was for the best. I’m still wrestling my demons, ya know?” 
“You haven’t had a setback because of this, have you?” 
He couldn’t afford to have a setback. If he had a prayer of convincing Sierra he was a changed man, he had to be able to assure her of his sobriety. “No, not that I wasn’t tempted.” 
“I’m proud of you for staying strong. Okay, well, good luck with Sierra. Let me know what happens, okay?” 
“Will do. Talk to you later, sis.” He disconnected the call and selected Luc’s number. His friend was not going to be happy about his decision, but he didn’t care. 
“Hey, you in Oklahoma, man?” Luc asked.
“Yeah, the driver’s taking me to Eric’s house now. Thanks for taking care of the arrangements.” 
“No problem. What are friends for? I just wish you would’ve let me come with you. I’d like to take a shot at that old bastard myself. What they did to you was crazy, man. If I didn’t say so before, I’m sorry.” 
Trey smiled. His best friend had his faults, but he was nothing if not loyal. “Thanks, buddy. Listen, I need you to do me a favor. Get Sumners off the golf course and tell him I need to talk to him, pronto.” 
Luc groaned. “Why do you need to talk to your lawyer?” 
“I hope to be getting married again soon and after the shit you two pulled last time, I don’t want to hear anyone mention the words prenuptial agreement to Sierra ever again. Is that understood?” 
“Are you serious? Man, you’re actually considering marrying that girl again? What is it they say about an insane person repeating the same behaviour and expecting a different result?” 
Trey laughed. “I’d agree with you, but it’s gonna be different this time, Luc. I’m not going to let anything interfere with my marriage, not even my career. I know what’s important now.” 
“Trey, you’re at the top of your game, getting ready to release another album and start a new world tour. You have to be focused on your career right now.” 
Trey eyed the diamond ring flashing on his left hand. It may have taken him too many years, but he finally had his priorities straight. “I’m gonna ask Sierra to come on tour with me.” 
“What about her charity work?” 
“I’m pretty sure she can take care of that from anywhere. Listen, I’m not saying this is gonna be easy, but I’m determined to make it work. Are you with me on this or do I have to fire your ass?” 
He was only half kidding. He would do whatever it took to make his marriage work, even if that meant giving his best friend his walking papers.  
“Do I have a choice, Trey?” 
“No, but you do have a choice about whether you’d like to be my best man.” 
Luc laughed. “No, I don’t. You’re like a brother to me. Of course I have to be your best man.” 
“You know, you’ve never told me why you have a problem with Sierra.” 
“For one, she’s too damn good for you.” 
Trey laughed “I know, but other than that.” 
“She’s the kind of girl who could throw a guy off his game.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Please, you take one look at her and you think about lazy days lounging in bed instead of keeping your eyes on the big prize.” 
“She is the big prize, man. She’s all I’ll ever need to be happy.” 
Luc groaned. “Shut the hell up before you make me lose my lunch.”
Trey chuckled. “What about you? Am I gonna have to kick your ass for hurting my sister again?” 
“I haven’t even spoken to your sister in weeks. Last I heard, she and Josh were heating up the sheets and I was thinking about kicking his ass.” 
“If that’s the way you feel, why are you wasting time? Marry the girl already.” 
“No way, not me, never gonna happen. I don’t do marriage or that happily-ever-after shit. After watching my parents nearly kill each other for twelve years, I can’t imagine why anyone would put themselves through that.” 
He knew about his friend’s parents, their volatile marriage, and bitter divorce. Given everything Luc had witnessed growing up, he couldn’t blame the guy for being a little gun-shy. “Not all marriages are like that.”  
“You’ve heard the stats, Trey. Half of all marriages end in divorce, which means half of all kids come from broken homes. You may not know what that does to a kid, but I do. That’s why I decided early on I was never gonna get married or have kids. It’s not worth the risk.” 
“I’m not gonna lie to you, Luc. I love you like a brother, but I sure as hell wish my sister had the good sense to fall for a guy like Josh instead of you.” 
“I thought she was into Josh?” 
“Not anymore; she told me they stopped seeing each other.” 
Luc whooped. “Well hot damn, that’s the best news I’ve heard all day, buddy.” 
Trey shook his head. He would never understand the dynamics of that relationship. “You don’t want her, but you don’t want anyone else to have her. Is that right?” 
“I didn’t say I don’t want her, I do. I just don’t want to do the whole marriage and babies thing and she won’t settle for anything less. So hell no, I don’t want anyone else to have her.” 
“You know someday she’s going to meet someone who’s going to give her everything she wants, don’t you?” Trey thought they may have lost the connection when his comment was met with a long silence.
“I know that. I want her to be happy. Hell, I wish things could be different, but I can’t change who I am, Trey.”
He wanted to argue, to tell his friend that anything was possible if they wanted it badly enough, but he didn’t think Luc was ready to hear it, so he decided to let it go. 
They were pulling up in front of a traditional colonial home in an estate subdivision and Trey realized it was time to confront the man who’d almost destroyed his life. “Listen, man, I’m here. I’ve gotta go.” 
“Fair warning, you’re gonna have one angry manager and publicist if this ends badly.” 
“Relax. I just want to make sure he knows that if he messes with me or Sierra again, I’ll make him wish he hadn’t.” 
Luc laughed. “Okay, but do me a favor and keep your hands to yourself.” 
“Will do, boss. Talk to you later.” 
The chauffeur walked around to his door and opened it. Trey got out and shoved his hands into the pockets of his leather bomber jacket. His friend offered good advice. He came here to make a point, not to get thrown in jail for assaulting a judge.    
He rang the doorbell and forced himself to wait thirty seconds before ringing it again. 
A matronly woman wearing a maid’s uniform answered. “May I help you?” 
He tipped his cowboy hat. “Good afternoon, ma’am. I’m here to see Mr. Cortright.” He decided he would stand a better chance of gaining access to the house if she didn’t see him as a threat. 
He would prefer to have the element of surprise in his favor when he saw the old man. He could only hope she wasn’t a fan of country music. If she was, she would no doubt be aware of his connection to her employer.   
Her thin lips twisted into a slight smile. “Is the judge expecting you?” 
“No, ma’am, but the judge and I do have some business...” 
“Liz, did I hear the doorbell?” Eric came down the winding staircase, dressed for a round of golf. 
Trey flattened his palm against the heavy wood door. “Eric, we need to talk.” He didn’t wait to be invited in. He pushed past the surprised housekeeper and stalked to the foot of the stairs. 
“Who the hell do you think you are, barging into my house this way?” 
Trey noted his firm grip on the edge of the banister. His knuckles were turning white and there was a slight tremor to his hand. 
At least the man had the good sense to recognize danger when he saw it in the form of a 6 foot- 4, 230-pound former linebacker who had earned his reputation bringing down men twice his size. The stakes had never been this high during a football game. Everything that meant anything to him was riding on this. 
Trey smirked at him. “You know you’re gonna need that six-foot-high bench and an armed bailiff to protect you from me, don’t you, old man?” 
Eric drew himself up to his full height, looking indignant. “I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about, boy. I’ve never been intimidated by anybody in my life. It’s the other way around. I talk and people listen.” 
Trey laughed. “Ah, but I haven’t committed any crimes.” He glared at the much smaller man. “At least not yet.” 
The color drained from his face. “Are you threatening me?” He looked past him, toward the front door where his housekeeper stood listening. “Did you hear that, Liz? I do believe this boy just threatened me. I think you’d better call the police.” 
Trey smiled at the older woman. “You may want to hold off on that, Liz.” 
He turned back to Eric. “Unless, of course, you want the world to know about your sordid little deal with Megan.” He made a tsk tsk sound and waved his finger in the other man’s face. “That’s not exactly behavior befitting an honorable judge now, is it?” 
Eric cleared his throat and stepped past Trey. “That will be all for now, Liz. I’ll call you if I need anything.” 
She bowed her head, obviously trying to hide the smile on her face. “Yes, sir.”
Trey followed Eric into a paneled library and closed the door. He leaned on the edge of the desk and crossed his booted feet. “Now, where were we?” He folded his arms over his chest and watched Eric pour two glasses of scotch. “That’s right. I was about to kick your ass for the scam you tried to pull with Megan.” 
Eric tried to appear unaffected by the threat as he offered Trey one of the glasses.
Trey declined the offer with a firm shake of his head. 
“I may have had a few brief conversations with your girlfriend.” He gripped his glass until his knuckles turned white. “After all, we had a mutual interest: your relationship with my fiancé.” 
“From what I hear, she’s your ex-fiancé and my relationship with Megan was casual, to say the least. I never intended to let it get serious and she knew that.” 
Eric took a drink of scotch. “But you were sleeping with her?” 
Trey ground his teeth in frustration. “Not that it’s any of your business, but that was before Sierra came home.” 
He paced the room. “Nashville is not Sierra’s home; this is her home.” 
Trey shrugged. “For now, maybe. But that’s not the point, is it? You tried to trick me into marrying a woman I didn’t care about just so you could have Sierra.” 
He turned to Trey, his blue eyes dark with suppressed rage. “I had Sierra until you came along and screwed everything up.” 
Trey threw his hands up in the air. “What the hell did you have to offer her? You’re old enough to be her father. You could never give her a family.” 
Eric emptied his glass and reached for the second. “You think Sierra is holding out hope for a family?” He let the statement hit its mark before posing the next question. “She didn’t tell you, did she?” 
Trey tried to remain calm, but he felt an uneasy feeling taking root deep in his gut. “Tell me what?” 
He grinned, revealing perfect porcelain teeth. “Sierra can’t have any more children.” 
In the time it took for him to take a step back, Trey was on him, fisting the front of his shirt in clenched hands. “You’re lying, you miserable son of a bitch.” 
He shook his head frantically. “No, I’m not. Go and ask her for yourself.” He pointed a trembling finger toward the door.
Trey dropped his hands and pointed his finger in Eric’s face. “If you ever come near Sierra again or so much as utter her name, I will ruin you.” 
Eric glared at him, clearly not used to being on the receiving end of a threat. 
“And you know I have the money and power to do it, old man.” Trey shoved his hands in his pockets because he could no longer trust the thin grip he had on his control. “Consider this your last warning. One more misstep and I promise you, you’ll wish you’d never been stupid enough to cross me. Is that understood?” 
Eric paused before nodding his head. 
“Good, now get the hell out of my way.” 
He quickly stepped aside. 
Trey glanced at a picture of Sierra on a nearby table and snagged it, holding it up. “Forget you ever laid eyes on her, or I swear to God, you’ll wish you never had.” 
He threw the door open, the noise ricocheting off the walls.      
Chapter Nineteen 


Sierra had just hung up the phone after a long and arduous discussion with one of her board members about potential venues for the holiday fundraiser when the phone rang again, three short rings, indicating someone was buzzing up from the lobby. She wasn’t expecting company and she certainly wasn’t dressed for it. She considered ignoring it, but curiosity got the better of her. 
She picked up the receiver. “Hello?” 
“Sierra, can I come up? We need to talk.” 
He needed no introduction; his voice still haunted her dreams at night and flooded her stereo’s speakers during the daylight hours. “What are you doing here?” 
“Sierra, please, let me come up. We can’t have this conversation while I’m standing in your lobby.” 
She considered her options, but realized she had none. She couldn’t send him home, not yet. “Fine. I’ll buzz you up. It’s suite 302.” 
She stood and checked her hair in the wall mirror. It was a tousled mess and she hadn’t bothered with make-up after her earlier bout with morning sickness. She pulled her hair out of the elastic and finger combed it, but it still looked like she just hauled her butt out of bed to answer the door. That was the blessing and curse of working from home most days. She could wear her pajamas and hold off on showering and brushing her teeth until she felt like it. She panicked, trying to remember whether she had brushed after her last bout with the porcelain goddess. Thank God she had, not that she intended to get up close and personal with him. 
A rhythmic knock on the door sent her into a fresh wave of panic. She looked at her clothes: black yoga pants and a cropped black hoodie that revealed at least two inches of her mid-section. She was seriously regretting her decision to forgo the tank top. She only hoped he attributed her slight weight gain to a healthy appetite or, better yet, didn’t notice at all. 
She placed her hand over her stomach in a futile attempt to settle her nerves before she opened the door. “Hi, Trey.” She took a step back and ushered him inside. Taking a deep whiff of his cologne as he stepped inside, she cursed her weakness. She felt like a chronic dieter, desperate for a taste of a forbidden delicacy. She only hoped she had the willpower to resist, especially when her first instinct was to devour him whole. 
He smiled, his eyes travelling up and down her body before finally settling on her face. “Did I catch you at a bad time, darlin’?”
She swallowed convulsively, trying to find the lost power of speech. “Uh, no, I was just...” She gestured toward the small desk in the corner. “Working,” she finished lamely. 
He grinned again. “I thought maybe I’d dragged you away from a nap.” 
Nap. Bed. This conversation and her thoughts were treading into dangerous territory. “No, I...”
What was wrong with her? Why couldn’t she formulate a coherent sentence? Could it be the fact that she was keeping a life-changing secret from the man and he could find out at any moment? She glanced over to the desk where she had taped her ultrasound picture to one of the shelves. She was so busted. 
He wandered around the small apartment, his hands shoved in the pockets of his leather bomber jacket. “Nice place you got here.” 
She cleared her throat. “Thanks. Can I get you something to drink?” Her only thought was of getting him out of the room and away from the picture. Given the fact the apartment was small, that left only the kitchen. Unless of course you considered a bedroom with a big bed and a bathroom with a shower stall built for two, neither of which were a good option under the circumstances. 
“No, I’m good. Thanks.” He took his jacket off and draped it over a nearby armchair. 
She couldn’t help but notice his powerful chest and biceps beneath the tight cotton shirt. She didn’t know what it was about being pregnant, but her sexual fantasies had become more and more vivid and they always centered on this one man. 
He settled on the small couch and propped a booted foot up on his bent leg. “Aren’t you gonna join me, sweetheart?” 
At least if they were seated in the small living area, his back was to the desk and, for the moment, that was the best she could hope for. She finally claimed the armchair across from him, crossing her arms over her midsection. “Are you making progress on the album?” 
“I am, actually. No one’s more surprised than I am, but it feels really good to be in a creative place again, ya know?” 
She nodded. Her eyes traveled to his left hand. He was still wearing the wedding ring. Why? What did that mean? “I’m happy for you, Trey. I talked to Val last night; she sounded nervous, but excited, about the wedding.” She smiled. “That’s a really nice thing you’re doing for her.” 
He shrugged his shoulders. “It’s the least I could do, given all the years she’s been there for me.” 
“Everything else is going well? Still going to meetings?” she asked. 
He grinned. “What you really want to know is whether I’m drinking again.” He leaned forward and looked her in the eyes. “I’m not, Sierra. I swear I haven’t had a drink since the day you came back to town.” 
She didn’t know why his words should give her a sense of satisfaction, but they did. No matter what happened between them, or whether he chose to be a father to their baby, she wanted to see him beat his addiction. “I’m glad to hear that, Trey.” 
He stared at her a moment too long. “There’s something different about you. I can’t figure out what it is.”
Her heart began hammering in her chest. It was only a matter of time before he figured it out or saw the ultrasound picture. How was she going to make him understand? “I, uh, don’t know what you mean.” 
His eyes scanned her body, as though he were looking for some clue to unravel the mystery. Finally, he shook his head. “I can’t put my finger on it.”
She took a deep breath and decided her best hope of keeping her pregnancy a secret was to get him out of her apartment and her life as quickly and painlessly as possible. “Trey, I have to get back to work. Why don’t you tell me what you’re doing here?” 
He got up suddenly and walked toward her. “Come here,” he whispered, reaching down to pull her up and into his arms. 
She tried to resist the temptation, but it was futile. She wanted nothing more than to feel his arms around her again. 
He tightened his arms around her waist until one hand travelled up to the nape of her neck. His hand eased into her hair and he tilted her head back. “You are so beautiful, sweetheart,” he whispered. 
She closed her eyes and let herself enjoy this moment. She felt his lips on her skin and he kissed her slowly, gently, reverently. She wanted to give in, to wrap her arms around him and savour the taste of his lips on hers, but that would only lead to more disappointment. “Trey, please stop.”
He pulled back to look at her. “Sierra, there’s something you need to know. It’s about the baby.”
She felt her airway constrict; she couldn’t draw enough air into her lungs. How could he know about the baby? She hadn’t told anyone, not even her sister.
“Megan isn’t pregnant. She lied to me.”
She let the words sink in. He was talking about Megan’s baby, not her baby. Only Megan apparently lied about the baby she didn’t have, while Sierra was lying about the baby she did have. How was he going to be able to understand, to forgive her for not telling him the moment she found out she was carrying his child? 
“She told me today. She also told me Eric put her up to it.”
She was getting dizzy and the room started spinning. She grasped his shoulders for support. 
“Hey, are you okay?” He stroked her face. “You look a little pale and you feel like you might have a fever, baby.” He eased her down on the chair, forcing her to sit down while he knelt in front of her. “Can I get you anything? Do you need a drink of water?”
She shook her head, biting her bottom lip. “I can’t believe this is happening,” she whispered, dropping her head in her hands. 
He stroked her back. “I know this must come as a shock...”
“You have no idea,” she mumbled. 
“I went to see Eric.” He pulled her hands away from her face. “He told me something, but I need you to tell me if he was lying. Either way...”
She knew Eric had betrayed her confidence. Perhaps it was for the best; this would give her a chance to explain everything when the time was right. Maybe it would help him to understand the choices she had made. “He told you I couldn’t have any more children, didn’t he?”
He nodded, stroking her hair. “Is it true? I mean, even if it is, it doesn’t matter. I still want...”
“The doctors told me shortly after Callie died.” 
He eased back to sit on the edge of the coffee table, facing her. “Why wouldn’t you tell me this? You confided in Eric, but you couldn’t tell me? Jesus, I was your husband. Didn’t you think I had the right to know?” 
She tried to suppress the emotions bubbling up inside, guilt, anger, frustration. “When was I supposed to tell you, Trey? You were never there. Our daughter had just died. We buried her, and then you hopped on that damned tour bus. You didn’t care about me, about how I was coping with the loss.” 
“That’s not true,” he whispered. “I thought it would be easier for you if I wasn’t around.” 
“Easier?” she shouted. His words stoked the anger and frustration, quashing the guilt. “You thought it would be easier for me to clear out our daughter’s nursery by myself? You thought it would be easier for me to donate Callie’s things by myself? You thought it would be easier for me to erase her existence from our home if I were all by myself?” She pushed hard against his chest. “You selfish bastard, I cried myself to sleep every night. You weren’t there to hold me or comfort me. I was completely alone.” 
He stood, trying to pull her into his arms, but she pushed him away. “I’m sorry, honey. I wanted to be there for you, but I didn’t know how to help you, how to take away your pain.” 
“There was nothing you could have done to take my pain away, Trey. But at least you could have been there to hold me, to reassure me, to help me believe that life would go on.” She looked him in the eye. “Because I didn’t believe it would. I wanted to die too.” 
He closed his eyes. “I know. I felt the same way, sweetheart.” 
“Then the doctors told me I wasn’t going to be able to get pregnant again. Do you know what that did to me?” 
He grabbed her hands, holding them between his as he kissed them. “I can only imagine.” 
“You called me the day I found out. Do you know what you said to me?” 
He shook his head, his eyes filling with un-shed tears. 
“You said it would be okay. We’d have more babies. I knew that’s what you wanted and I couldn’t give it to you. I felt I had no choice but to leave.” 
He dropped her hands, looking stunned. “Wait a minute. Are you saying that’s why you divorced me?”
She expected him to be disappointed she hadn’t had more faith in them, but he was beyond disappointed. He looked appalled. She knew there was no way to excuse or explain her decision. Her only choice was to own it and hope he could find a way to live with it. “That’s part of the reason. We were drifting apart already, but once I found out about my condition, I knew it was over for us.” 
“Are you serious? You actually thought I wouldn’t want to be with you just because you couldn’t give me a baby?” 
She refused to confront the fury in his eyes. “It was more than that.” 
“Like hell it was. Look at me,” he shouted. “Do you have any idea how much I love you?” 
She shook her head. She thought she did, but maybe she was wrong. Maybe he had loved her enough to overlook her shortcomings. 
“I would have given anything to make our marriage work. Counseling, AA meetings, hell, I would have given up my career if that’s what it took. But you never gave me the chance. You just walked away and never looked back. How could you do that to me, to us?” 
He turned his back on her and she wanted to reach out to him, but couldn’t take the risk.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered. 
“You’re sorry?” He turned on her. “You’re sorry that you walked out on me or sorry you gave up on me? Or maybe you’re sorry that you lied to me? Which is it, Sierra? What exactly are you sorry about?”
She knew he had a right to be confused, hurt, even angry, but not nearly as angry as he would be once he learned of her latest betrayal. A little voice inside her head urged her to tell him the truth, but fear kept her lips firmly sealed shut. “I don’t know what you want me to say. I made mistakes. I was still grieving.” 
He glared at her. “So was I, Sierra. I was grieving, feeling guilty, blaming myself for everything. Do you have any idea what it’s been like for me these past five years? I couldn’t even look myself in the mirror. I thought I had caused the accident, destroyed our marriage, and drove you away. Now you’re telling me you left because of a goddamn medical condition.”
She realized how much her omission had cost him five years ago. He didn’t deserve to go through that again, but it was too soon to tell him about the baby. The doctor told her if she got through the next few weeks, her odds of carrying the baby to term would increase significantly. 
She would tell him then, when she had reason to believe she may actually beat the odds and deliver a healthy, full-term baby. She didn’t know how he would cope if they lost another baby. She had to keep this to herself for a little while longer. For his sake.
“Aren’t you going to say anything?” he asked. 
“What do you want me to say, Trey?” 
He stared at her as though he were seeing her for the first time. “You’re right. I guess we don’t have anything left to say.” He took a step toward the door. 
“Trey, wait. About the wedding...” 
He didn’t bother turning around. “Come, don’t come. I don’t care anymore.”

***

Sierra had barely moved from the sofa in days. She curled up on the couch, under the comfort of her duvet with a tissue box and wastebasket at her side and cried until her head ached. She cried for the childhood she’d lost, the baby that had been taken from them, and the love they had once shared. There was one thing she was sure of: he didn’t want anything more to do with her. She’d called him numerous times, left voice messages, emails, text messages, but he chose to ignore her. Not that she could blame him. 
She had been given a chance most people never get. She had been married to the love of her life, her soul mate, and instead of fighting for what they had, she walked away from it and him. And when fate had blessed them with a second chance, she ruined that too. She should have told him about the baby when she had the chance. Hell, she should have jumped on a plane or hopped in her car the moment she found out about the baby. Now it was too late. He wasn’t even speaking to her. When he had asked her to forgive his mistakes and give him another chance, she had refused. Now she understood how devastated he must have been. 
The phone rang. She grabbed it, hoping the number on the call display would be his, but it wasn’t. “Hi, Marisa,” she said, forcing herself to sit up. 
“Hey, it sounds like you have a cold. Are you okay?” 
“Probably just allergies.” 
“Liar. You’ve been crying, haven’t you?” 
She knew it was hopeless to try to suppress the tears. Once they started, it was like opening the floodgates. She sobbed into her blanket, trying to control the tremors wracking her body. “I’m sorry.” 
“Hey, don’t be sorry. Just tell me what the hell is going on with you.” 
“I’ve made such a mess of things.” She wiped her nose and tossed the used tissue in the basket at her feet. “I don’t know what I’m gonna do.” 
“Does this have something to do with Trey coming to see you the other day?” 
“He didn’t tell you?” 
“No, he’s been biting everyone’s head off since he got back, so I assumed it didn’t go well, but I was afraid to ask him. What the hell happened?” 
She stared at the ultrasound picture on the coffee table. Not only was she ruining her own life, but she was running the risk of ruining her baby’s life as well. “I told Trey I divorced him because I found out that I couldn’t have any more children.” 
Marisa gasped. “I knew there was another reason you left him.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“It just didn’t make sense to me. Sure, he was on the road touring a lot, but that’s his job. Even if the timing sucked, I couldn’t believe you would divorce the guy just for doing his job.” 
She thought back to how she was feeling at that time and she knew her friend was right. She couldn’t blame him for being the man she fell in love with: determined, focused, driven to succeed. 
She was the one who had changed, not him. She was feeling insecure, unhappy with herself, and she resented the fact that he had found his place in the world while she had yet to find her purpose. Ironically, when she finally found her purpose, she had no one to share it with. “I began to resent his career. I hated that it took him away from me so much.” 
“You could have gone with him.” 
“I know, but I had school, and then I got pregnant. Besides, I didn’t feel like he wanted me to go on the road with him.” 
Marisa laughed. “Sierra, I love you, but you are clueless sometimes. That man loves you like crazy; he hated being away from you as much as you hated not having him at home.” 
“I wish I could just relive the past seven years, Marisa.” 
“That may be asking for too much, but you do have today, so why are you wasting it?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Get your ass on the next plane to Nashville and tell my brother how you feel about him.” 
Sierra wished it were that easy. “There’s something else. Something Trey doesn’t know, and I don’t know how he’s going to react when I tell him.” 
“What is it?” 
“I’m pregnant with his baby.” Sierra held the phone away from her ear when her friend started squealing.  
“Oh my God, girl! That is the best news I’ve heard all year.” 
“You think Trey’s going to be happy about this?” 
Marisa laughed. “Are you kidding me? My brother is going to be thrilled. Okay, you need to get ready right now. I’ll book your flight and text you the details. I’ll give you a few hours when you get there to enjoy your own private celebration. Then I’m bringing everyone over for a proper celebration. This is so exciting; I can’t wait to tell everyone.” 
Sierra was trying to temper her excitement with a harsh dose of reality. “Maybe we shouldn’t tell everyone just yet. My pregnancy is considered high-risk because of my condition. What if...” 
“I don’t want to hear any negativity. You are going to be fine; my brother is going to be ecstatic and my niece or nephew is going to be born healthy. Is that understood?”
Sierra laughed and dried her tears. “Okay, I guess I’ll see you soon then. Thanks, Marisa; you’re the best.” 
Chapter Twenty 


Trey was just stepping outside when a taxi pulled up his circular drive. He cursed the guard at the gatehouse for letting the car through until he saw the figure in the backseat. He tried to slow his racing heart. He tried to convince himself he didn’t want to see her, but as soon as she stepped out of the car, he knew he was only kidding himself. Not only did he want to see her, he needed to see her. 
She stood by the car, looking up at him, waiting for him to invite her in or tell her to go to hell. 
He walked down the stairs to meet her. “What are you doing here, Sierra?”
She looked back at the driver, who was waiting expectantly. “I wasn’t sure if I should ask the driver to stay and wait for me?”
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a large bill to cover the fare. “Keep the change,” he said, handing it to the driver through the open window, 
“Wow, thanks,” the man said, looking at the bill. His eyes narrowed as he looked at Trey. “Hey, you’re that country singer, Trey Turner, right?”
Trey nodded, wondering what he would have to do to get rid of this guy. Sierra looked like she was beginning to regret her decision, and he couldn’t take the risk that she would bolt before they had a chance to talk. 
“That’s right,” he said, hoping to sign an autograph and be done with it. 
“Hey, my niece loves you, man. She says you’re the sexiest man alive.” The guy snorted. “Course she’s only fifteen, so what does she know?” The guy grinned. “Bet you’re used to women throwing themselves at you, huh?”
Trey glanced at Sierra and chose to ignore the comment. The last thing he wanted was to remind Sierra of all the reasons she’d left him in the first place.  
“Course with a hot little honey like this to come home to at night, why would you want any other woman, right?” 
Trey never ceased to be amazed by the audacity of strangers who thought they knew him just because they saw him on TV or heard him sing on the radio. 
“My niece will be crushed when I tell her you’re off the market, man.”  
Sierra laughed and winked at Trey, her uneasiness seeming to vanish. “Not as crushed as she would be if you told her you met Trey Turner and didn’t get his autograph for her.” 
“Geez, you’re right.” He pulled the pen off his sun visor and handed Trey the pen and a piece of paper. “Would you mind, man?” 
Trey thought about telling the guy to get lost, but it would probably take less time to sign the autograph. He rested the paper and pen on the roof of the car. “What’s your niece’s name?” 
“Trena.” He looked at Sierra. “So, you guys married or what?” 
Trey handed him the piece of paper. “Or what. Have a nice day and say hello to your niece for me.” 
“Will do.” He waved at Sierra. “Just call the office and ask for Bill if you need a ride back to the airport, honey.” 
Trey clenched his jaw. “Don’t count on it, Bill. Don’t let us keep you; I’m sure you have other fares to pick up.” 
He chuckled and smiled at Sierra. “I’m in no hurry.” 
Trey hit the top of the car a few times for good measure. “You’re wasting your time here, buddy.” 
“Huh, so you two are...” 
“Yes,” he said quickly. He glanced at Sierra, who looked surprised by his admission. “We are.” 
“Can’t blame a guy for tryin’, man.” 
“Wanna bet?” Trey knew he was being ridiculous. There was no way Sierra was going to be interested in an obnoxious cabbie, but his jealousy seemed to kick into overdrive whenever he saw another man making a play for her. 
The guy put his hands up. “Say no more.” He looked up at Trey and laughed. “You’re a big dude, man. I don’t wanna mess with you.” 
Trey smirked and Sierra laughed as he pulled away, waving at them in his rear view mirror.  Once the car was out of sight, Sierra turned toward Trey, looking uncertain. “Are you upset that I came? I would have tried to call first, but I knew you wouldn’t answer my calls.” 
He kicked himself for being an idiot. He’d received all of her messages and fought with himself over whether to respond. He should have called. In spite of everything, he still missed her.
“Why don’t we talk inside?” He led her up the steps. 
“It looked like you were on your way out. I wouldn’t want to keep you.” 
“It can wait.” He unlocked the door and gestured for her to enter. “So, what’s this about?” He knew he sounded cold, but he couldn’t help it. He was still hurt, angry, confused. But more than anything, he was terrified. His gut told him it was over, for good this time, but his heart wasn’t ready to let her go. 
She stood in the foyer, looking around as though she wasn’t sure where to go. 
He inclined his head toward the great room. It was a comfortable room, high ceilings, floor to ceiling windows, and a limestone fireplace dominating one wall. It was the room where they had spent most of their time, talking, watching TV, listening to music, enjoying a bottle of wine. There were a lot of good memories for them in this room. 
She slid her hand over a gilded wood side table with mother of pearl inlay. “You haven’t changed a thing. It looks exactly the same,” she whispered. 
“I didn’t want anything to change, Sierra. I was happy with the way things were.” 
She sat perched on the edge of an oversized chair that had once been her favorite reading chair. “I said I’m sorry, Trey. I was wrong. I know that now.” She pulled her jacket tighter around her midsection. “I don’t expect you to understand or forgive me...” 
“Is that what you want, for me to forgive you? You came here today because you want closure so you can move on with your life?” She was crazy if she thought he was going to make this easy for her. She may choose to walk out on him again, but he intended to make sure it was the hardest thing she’d ever done. 
She frowned, looking confused. “No, I came here because I wanted to apologize again and...” 
He crossed the room toward the mini-bar. His hand shook as he picked up the coffee carafe and poured two cups of strong, black coffee. He handed her one of the cups.
“No, thanks. I don’t drink coffee anymore. It’s not good for the—it’s not good for me.” 
He set the second cup on the low table between them. “Since when did you give up caffeine? I remember a time when you couldn’t haul your butt out of bed until you had your first cup of coffee.”
They looked at each other and smiled at the memory. 
“I didn’t say I didn’t miss it.” 
“Guess we all have to make sacrifices for the greater good, don’t we?” He would rather be having this conversation with a stiff drink in his hand, but coffee would have to do. 
“Where’s Val?” she asked, looking out into the hall. 
“She’s running a few errands.” 
“Have you started interviewing other housekeepers?” 
“Let’s cut to the chase, Sierra. Tell me why you’re really here.” 
She got up and crossed the room. She stood in front of him, close enough to reach out and touch him, but she didn’t. “Were you disappointed when you found out Megan wasn’t pregnant?”
Of all the things he’d expected her to say, he hadn’t expected that. “Why?”
“I guess I want to know how you feel about the possibility of being a father again.” 
His heart started beating faster. He had thought about little else over the past several days and he realized how much he wanted the chance to be a father, but he couldn’t imagine sharing a baby with any other woman. Whenever he thought about it, Sierra was holding the baby, rocking her and singing a lullaby as she fell asleep. 
If he admitted as much to Sierra, she would always question whether he was satisfied with a child who wasn’t biologically his. He knew it wouldn’t matter as long as they were a family, but he didn’t know how to make her believe that. “I’m not going to lie to you; I do want a family, Sierra. But there are a lot of ways to make that happen.”
The tears fell unchecked down her cheeks and she tentatively raised her hands, flattening them on his chest. “How would you feel about having a baby with me, Trey?” 
He closed his eyes and imagined what it would be like to share a beautiful, happy, healthy baby with the love of his life. “It would make me the happiest man alive.” 
“You still feel that way, even after I left because of...” 
“Sssh.” He touched his fingertips against her lips. “That’s forgiven and forgotten, sweetheart. Lord knows I’ve made my fair share of mistakes. You’ve made a few too. I guess that makes us human, doesn’t it?” 
She smiled through her tears. “I do forgive you, but I may need a little help forgiving myself,” she whispered. 
He touched his lips against hers and smiled. “I can help you with that. Wait right here, I have something for you.” He set his mug down and walked toward the writing desk. He withdrew a small velvet box from a locked drawer. “I bought this before I left for Oklahoma. I wanted to give it to you then, but I made the mistake of getting caught up in the past instead of concentrating on the future.” 
She put her hand over her mouth, the tears flowing freely down her cheeks. 
“It doesn’t matter what happened in the past, Sierra. What matters is that we won’t make the same mistakes again. I’ll do whatever it takes to make this work, honey. I love you. I had no idea how much until I’d lost you. I can’t stand the thought of losing you again.” He opened the box to reveal a flawless three-carat, marquis-cut diamond on a narrow, white gold band. “Please, say you’ll marry me.” 
She shook her head. “I can’t, not yet.” 
He felt the tension coiling in his gut. This was his worst nightmare; she was turning him down. “Are you saying you don’t love me or you’re not ready to marry me?”
She grabbed his hand. “Trey, I do love you. I want to marry you, but first, there’s something I have to tell you.” 
“What is it?” 
“I’m pregnant.” 
The words echoed in his head. Logically, he understood what they meant, but he couldn’t allow himself to believe them. “How is that possible? I thought you said...” 
She shook her head. “That’s what the doctors thought, Trey. I was so sure it wasn’t possible that I thought it was safe to make love without birth control. I’m sorry; I know this must come as a shock to you.”
He threw his head back and laughed. “You’re sorry? Are you serious? You’re carrying my baby and you’re sorry?” 
She still looked scared, uncertain. “I didn’t want you to think that I’d tricked you or that I’d gotten pregnant on purpose. The odds of me getting pregnant were slim to none, or so I thought.” 
He smiled, cupping her face in his hands. “Then I guess we got our miracle, didn’t we?” 
She looked into his eyes, smiling. “I think so too.” Her smile faded. “But I’m not out of the woods yet. I haven’t passed the three month mark and the doctor said bed rest may be required at some point.” 
“Then I’ll just have to wait on you day and night until our beautiful baby is born.” He kissed her lips gently. 
“I couldn’t ask you to do that, Trey.” 
He kissed her again. “You didn’t ask. I offered.” 
“What about the album, the tour?” 
“Maybe it’s time I thought about taking a hiatus.” 
She looked at him, wide-eyed. “What are you talking about? Why?” 
“Because I’ve realized some things are more important than my career. Namely, you and this sweet baby you’re carrying.” He placed his palm over her stomach. “Nothing means more to me than that, sweetheart.” 
She stood on her tippy-toes to wrap her arms around his neck. She kissed him repeatedly, giggling between kisses. “I love you so much.” 
He laughed and held up the ring box. “Does that mean you’ll agree to be my wife again?” 
She laughed and held her left hand out. “Yes, yes, yes.” 
He noticed the slight tremor in her hand as he slid it on. “It’s a perfect fit. That’s the ring you deserved the first time around.”
“Sssh. I don’t want to think about the past anymore. I want to think about today and tomorrow, and every day after that.” She grabbed his left hand. “In fact, I think it’s time we took this off.” 
She looked at him as she slipped the diamond-encrusted wedding band off his finger. 
His first impulse was to stop her. He hadn’t taken that ring off since the day she put it on. 
“Why do you want me to take it off?”
“It represents our past, Trey. I want to give you a ring that represents our future.” She held up her own left hand. “Just like this ring does.” 
He smiled. “Whatever you want, baby. As long as I get to make you my wife, I’ll tattoo a wedding ring on my finger if that’s what makes you happy.” 
She grinned, tugging on the front of his shirt. “I like the sound of that.”  
He seized her hand, leading her back through the foyer down a long hallway toward the master suite. She paused at the double door entry to the room. He knew what she was thinking, but he hadn’t been able to bring himself to make love to another woman in their home, much less their bed. “I haven’t been with another woman in this bed, Sierra.” 
She looked up at him, surprised. “How did you know what I was thinking?” 
He chuckled. “I know you better than anyone, sweetheart.” He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close. “I’m not going to pretend I’ve been a saint, but some things are sacred to me. Like our home and our bed.”
She looked around the room. “I’m glad you didn’t erase all of our memories. I’ve always loved this house.” 
He tipped her chin with his finger. “So do I, now that you’re back. The last few years it’s seemed like more of a mausoleum than a home.” 
She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Let’s start making new memories here.” She kissed him deeply, thoroughly, until he kicked the door closed with his boot and backed her up against it. She shed her coat and let it fall to the floor at their feet as he tangled his hands in her hair. 
“I need you,” he whispered, grinding his arousal into her stomach. He pulled back suddenly. “Wait, is this safe? I mean, we’re not going to hurt the baby, are we?” Even if he had to take a dozen cold showers every day for the next seven months, he would do anything to keep his baby safe. 
She smiled and stroked his cheek. “The doctor assured me it’s perfectly safe, don’t worry.” 
He picked her up and carried her across the room, setting her down gently in the middle of the king-sized bed. He leaned over her, bracing his weight on his hands. “It’s feels like I’ve been waiting for this forever, having you here, back in our bed.” 
She stroked his shoulders and tried to draw him closer. 
“Wait,” he said, stepping back. His fingers flew over the buttons of his shirt, anxious to shed the obstacles between them. Once he was rid of his shirt, he reached down and began to unbutton hers, slowly, reverently. He wanted to enjoy every second of their reunion. He watched her closely as her eyes drifted closed. 
Her tongue peeked out, moistening her bottom lip. 
He bit back a groan as he spread her shirt open. She had gorgeous breasts, even fuller now than they had been the last time. His trembling fingers worked the front closure of her black, lacy bra until it fell open, revealing a delicacy he was desperate to feast on. He lowered his head and drew a taut, rosy nipple into his mouth. 
She moaned and threaded her hands in his hair. “Ah, yes, Trey.” 
He squeezed her breasts together so he could give both equal attention. He laved and sucked her nipples in a lazy circle until she was thrusting her hips off the bed, begging for more. Releasing her button and zipper, he slid her pants down her toned legs. He paused at the end of the bed, indulging in the image of her nearly naked, aroused, and begging him to make love to her.  
“Trey, please,” she whispered, spreading her legs. 
He slipped her black, lacy thong off and let it fall to the floor. He slid her down to the edge of the bed and wrapped his hands around her thighs, spreading her legs as he knelt down in front of her. “I need to taste you, sweetheart,” he whispered. The first touch of his breath teasing her intimate flesh set her off like a volcanic eruption of hot lava pouring over his tongue and into his mouth. He continued to stroke and probe her until she was throbbing and begging him for mercy. 
He stood and quickly discarded the rest of his clothes. Easing his body over hers, he was careful to support his weight on his forearms. As he lifted her hair away from her neck, he sought the sensitive spot at the base of her throat. Drawing the sensitive flesh into his mouth gently, he caressed it with his tongue until she began torturing him by rubbing her nipples against his chest. He devoured her mouth, intent on punishing her for stripping him of his hard-fought control, but as soon as he penetrated the warm cavern of her mouth and felt her tongue stroking his, he forgot about the need for revenge and focused solely on his need to pleasure her. He made love to her with his mouth, slowly and thoroughly as she matched him stroke for stroke. When he knew she was on the verge of coming again, he slid into her gently until he filled her to the hilt. 
He pulled away to look into her eyes. “You okay, baby?” 
She shook her head furiously. “I’m better than okay. Make love to me, please. I need you, now.”
He smiled as he met her demands. Closing his eyes, he allowed himself to get lost in her. He felt every stroke of her hand, heard every moan, sensed every thrust as her hips rotated to mimic his body’s rising need for release. His sole purpose in that moment was to give her as much pleasure as possible, to make up for all the time they’d lost. 
His hands glided over her smooth skin as he tried to focus on maintaining control. He could feel her tightening around him, squeezing him deeper until he almost lost it. He pulled out, knowing she was perched precariously on the edge and desperate to go soaring over. 
“Trey, please,” she begged, wrapping her legs around his waist.  
Her words were his undoing as he thrust inside of her with all thoughts of retaining control gone. His only goal was to give her the pleasure she sought and take his own. He felt it building as she cried out, shuddering in his arms. Finally, he let go with a harsh groan and emptied inside of her. He waited until the throbbing subsided to pull out and haul her to his side. 
“That was amazing,” she whispered, reaching up to kiss his lips. 
He smiled, his eyes closed. “That’s one word for it.” 
“I’d love to tempt you into another round, but I’m afraid we’re going to have to wait until tonight.” 
He scowled. He had no intention of waiting to take her again, unless of course she was sore or... He leaned up on his elbow, looking down at her. “Hey, you sure you’re okay?” 
She giggled. “I’m sure, but we’re going to have company soon.” 
“Company? Please tell me you’re kidding.” 
“I’m afraid not. When I told Marisa I was pregnant, she insisted I hop on a plane so I could tell you in person that you were going to be a daddy.”
He grinned. “God, I love the sound of that.” 
She kissed his lips. “Anyways, Marisa was so excited for us, she wanted to get everyone together to celebrate. I hope you don’t mind?” 
He laughed. “I’m not gonna lie, honey. I’d love to spend the rest of the day in bed with you, but I suppose I can control myself for a few hours.” His hand slid to her waist. “Or maybe not.” 
She laughed and slapped his chest. “I’ll make you a deal. How about you join me in the shower, handsome?” 
He glanced at his diamond Rolex watch. “How much time did you say we have before they get here?” 
“About an hour.” 
“Perfect.”
Chapter Twenty-One 


“Okay, Marisa told us you two have big news,” Edna said. “We’re getting tired of waiting; let’s hear it already.” 
Laughter erupted around the large dining table. 
Trey and Sierra looked at each other. “Where do we begin?” he asked. 
“Tell me you two are getting back together,” Marisa said, squeezing Sierra’s left hand. 
She had slipped her engagement ring off before greeting their guests. The surprise wouldn’t remain a secret for long once they saw the evidence weighing down her finger. 
“First, let’s bring everyone up to speed on what’s been happening over the past couple of days,” Trey suggested. “Some of you may not know about Megan’s pregnancy.” 
“What about it?” Val asked, setting her utensils down on her plate. “Did something happen to the baby?”  
“There was no baby,” Trey said quietly. “She faked the pregnancy. Apparently, she thought I would agree to marry her if I thought she was having my baby.” 
“Why, that little...” Lexi began. 
Elaine patted her back. “We all feel that way, Lexi. Lying about something like that is inexcusable.” 
Sierra picked up her glass of water and took a sip to coat her dry throat. She could only hope they would understand why she had chosen to keep her pregnancy a secret and wouldn’t lump her in the same category as Megan. 
“Hey, you okay?” Trey whispered in her ear. 
She forced herself to smile and nod. 
“What kind of woman does a thing like that?” Jared asked. “Hell, it’s almost as bad as a woman trying to keep a man’s child from him. It’s unforgiveable; that’s what it is.” 
Marisa squeezed Sierra’s hand. “Hey, I think we’re getting a little off track here, aren’t we? Let’s give Trey and Sierra a chance to share their news with us.”
Sierra felt ten pairs of eyes on her and she had to resist the urge to squirm under their intense scrutiny. She looked to Trey, silently praying he would help her find the words to explain her decision to their friends and family. 
He put his arm around her and drew her close. “I wanted y’all to be the first to know that Sierra has made me the happiest man in the world by agreeing to be my wife again.” 
Whoops of delight and laughter rang out around the table and Sierra felt her body relax. These people loved her and Trey; they just wanted them to be happy. 
Jared reached across the table to fill Sierra’s empty wineglass. “This calls for a toast.” He raised his glass while everyone at the table followed suit. “I would say welcome to the family, honey, but you were always a member of this family. I’m just glad my stubborn son finally swallowed his pride and came to his senses.” 
Trey laughed and raised his water glass. 
“Seriously,” Jared said, smiling. “We wish you two the long and happy life you deserve, and may yesterday’s mistakes be overshadowed by the promise of a better tomorrow. Cheers.” 
The clinking of glasses and a chorus of cheers around the table fortified Sierra. She was ready to admit her mistakes and ask for forgiveness. 
“There’s something else I’d like to share with all of you,” she said, looking around the table. “You know how difficult it was for Trey and me when Callie died. We began to drift apart when we should have been relying on each other for support. He blamed himself. I blamed myself, and instead of communicating about it, we just shut down.” 
Trey put his hand on her leg under the table, letting her know he was there to support her. 
“When Trey was on the road, I had a follow-up appointment with my doctor.” She paused as her voice trembled. She would never forget how she felt in that moment, the doctor’s words, how alone she felt. “The doctor told me the chances of me conceiving another baby naturally were slim to none. Needless to say, I was devastated.”
“Oh, honey,” Elaine said quietly. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
“I didn’t tell anyone at the time, not even Trey.” She looked up at the man she loved and was so grateful and humbled to see the forgiveness and understanding reflected in his eyes. “I knew how much he wanted a family. It was something we both wanted. I couldn’t stay married to him knowing how much he wanted the family I would never be able to give him.” 
“Are you serious?” Luc asked, looking incredulous. “Did you really think that would change the way he felt about you?” 
Sierra was shocked by Luc’s outburst. His friend had never supported or approved of their marriage. It was difficult for her to believe she had misread his feelings and that he actually may have cared.
“You have no idea what it did to him when you walked away, Sierra.” He threw his napkin down on the table, looking disgusted. 
Trey held up his hand. “Luc...” 
“No, let’s be honest, people.” He looked around the table. “We were all there to watch him self-destruct. He was a mess when she walked out on him. Now she’s telling us that she left because of a medical condition that wouldn’t have mattered one damn bit to Trey?” 
“I’m sorry...” Sierra said, lowering her head. She wouldn’t give Luc the satisfaction of seeing her cry.
“You’re sorry?” He turned to his friend. “Does that make up for the five years of hell she put you through, Trey? Does that excuse the fact that she walked out and never looked back?” 
“Luc, that’s enough,” Josh said, grabbing his shoulder. 
“Why does she get a free pass? You people claim to love Trey. You’re his family, for God’s sake. I never claimed to know much about family, but if there’s one thing you guys have taught me, it’s that families are supposed to have each other’s backs. Yet, you’re all sitting here with smiles on your faces, ready to welcome her back into the fold even though she almost destroyed his life once. How can you be so sure she won’t do it again?”
Sierra felt the awkward silence fill the room. It stretched on for several minutes and she knew everyone was considering Luc’s words and, as much as she hated to admit it, she knew he was right. “Excuse me,” she whispered, scraping her chair across the hardwood floor. The gilded wood chair almost toppled over in her haste to leave the table. 
She heard Trey’s angry voice filtering through the glass door as she made her way to the patio. 
“You just don’t know when to keep your mouth shut, do you, Luc?” 
“I don’t care if you’re pissed, Trey. I know you love her, but that woman is gonna be the death of you.” 
“At least he’s willing to take a chance, Luc,” Marisa said. “He’s not a coward like you are.” 
“Right, and look where that’s gotten him, Marisa,” Luc shouted. 
Sierra closed the door and leaned against it, trying to slow her ragged breathing. She walked over to an iron bench and looked out over the grounds. She couldn’t help but wonder if Luc was right. She loved Trey, but what if they were destined to continue down this path of pain and destruction? 
She heard the faint click of the door and felt his presence beside her. He drew her into his arms. 
“I’m sorry about that, sweetheart. I should have kicked his ass for calling you out like that.” 
She shook her head. “I’m glad you didn’t.” She turned toward him. “I’m afraid he may have been right, Trey.” 
“What the hell are you talking about? Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts because of what Luc said?” 
“I’m scared,” she whispered, brushing away the tears. 
He leaned in closer. “What are you afraid of, sweetheart?”
“What if we lose this baby, Trey? I don’t know if we’re strong enough to survive that kind of loss again.” She couldn’t even stand to think about what it would do to him, to them. 
“I won’t even consider that,” he said, brushing a strand of hair off her face. “We’re going to have a beautiful, healthy baby. I refuse to even consider the alternative.” 
“What if we don’t?” she asked, voicing her deepest, darkest fears. “How would you handle that? Could you promise me you wouldn’t start drinking again? Could you promise me you wouldn’t go back out on the road just to put some distance between us?” 
He reared back as though she slapped him. “How can you ask me that? After everything we’ve been through, I thought you finally trusted me to be there for you no matter what.” 
She sighed, feeling her heart breaking all over again. “I do. At least I think I do.” 
“But you’re not sure?” 
She had to be honest with him and herself. “There are no guarantees in life.” 
He stared at her. “I guess you’re right. I thought things had changed, maybe I was just seeing what I wanted to see.” He got up and walked toward the door. 
“Trey, wait. Don’t go.” 
Luc met him at the door. “Mind if I have a word with Sierra?” 
“Suit yourself,” Trey said, walking inside. 
She watched him disappear into the house and her every instinct told her to go after him and apologize for doubting him and explain her misgivings, but fear kept her rooted to the spot. 
Luc stood at the door, his hands in the pockets of his tailored pants. “Marisa told me about the baby. Congratulations, Sierra.” 
She looked up at him, trying to read his face, but the shadow of nightfall made it impossible. “Thank you.” 
“I didn’t come out here to apologize. I meant what I said in there.” 
She tried to quash her frustration. Every exchange with Luc ended in an argument. She didn’t know why she thought this one might be different. “So why did you want to talk to me, Luc?” 
He sat down in a chair across from her, leaning forward. “You’re an amazing woman.” 
“Is that why you can’t stand me?” 
He chuckled. “Is that what you think?”
She wrapped her arms around herself to ward off the chill. “It’s the truth, isn’t it?” 
He stood and slipped his blazer off. He wrapped it around her shoulders before reclaiming his seat. 
“Thanks,” she said, surprised by his kind gesture. 
“I’m not the jerk you think I am.” He smiled. “I meant what I said; I think you’re amazing. You’re beautiful, smart, compassionate, sexy, and independent. Hell, it’s obvious why Trey’s never been able to get over you. He may have women throwing themselves at him every night, but women like you only come along once in a lifetime.” 
She knew it must be the pregnancy hormones to blame for the tears welling up in her eyes again. It couldn’t be the kind words of a man she’d believed hated her for almost half of her life. She wouldn’t allow herself to admit that his acceptance was important to her. “Thanks, Luc.”
He shrugged. “You know me; I call it like I see it.” 
She grimaced. “You certainly do.” 
“Sierra, I know I may have made your life miserable while you and Trey were married and I will apologize for that, but it was my job to try to protect him.” 
“You were trying to protect him from me?” 
“From you, from himself… I don’t know.” He looked down at his clasped hands. “Trey has probably mentioned the fact that my parents are divorced?” 
“Yes.” 
“He may not have told you all the gory details.” He covered his face with his hands and rubbed his eyes. “It was nasty. Not just the divorce, but the entire marriage.” 
“Why are you telling me this?” 
He shook his head. “I don’t know. I thought it might help you to understand why I feel the way I do about you.” 
He had definitely piqued her curiosity. She had been trying to unravel that mystery forever. “Go on.”
“My father was a politician. My mother knew about his political aspirations when she met him. As time went on, she began to resent the time away from home, the travel, the parties, the socializing to further his career.”
“Sounds familiar,” she said. 
“She knew who he was when she married him, but she still resented him because of it. She made his life miserable. She’d get drunk and humiliate him at parties and the fights when they got home could last all night. This went on for years because he felt the need to keep up appearances and I think she just enjoyed humiliating him to punish him for not being there for her.” 
“You think I came to resent Trey’s career even though I knew how important it was to him when we got married?” she asked, afraid to consider the possibility he may be right. 
“Sierra, Trey is one of the most gifted musicians I’ve ever met. He’s passionate about making music and sharing that music with his fans. It’s more than what he does; it’s who he is.” 
She couldn’t deny Luc was right. “I know that.” 
“Do you really?” 
She felt her ire rising and she had to admit the truth hurt. “What are you getting at?” 
“Ever since I met you and Trey, he’s been trying to balance his love of music with his love for you. Why should he have to choose?” 
“I never said he had to.” 
“Really? Are you telling me you never made him feel guilty for touring, spending days holed up in his studio, going to parties, or spending time away from home to build his career?” 
“I never meant to,” she said, quietly. 
“I believe you never meant to, but you did, whether you realized it or not,” he said. “What if Trey asked you to choose between him and your career? How would that make you feel?” 
Her heart ached at the thought of having to choose between the two loves of her life, but she knew Trey would never ask her to make such an impossible choice. Yet that’s exactly what she was asking him to do. 
“I get it now, Luc,” she said, sighing. “I understand why you can’t stand me.” 
He chuckled. “I promise you that’s not the case, Sierra. I’m just looking out for my buddy. I don’t want you guys to make the same mistake twice.” He stood and opened his arms to her. 
She stood, stepping into his arms as she laid her head on his shoulder. “Thanks, Luc. You’ve given me a lot to think about.” 
He kissed the top of her head. “Good, I’m glad.” 
She looked up at him. “Now about you and Marisa...” 
He laughed. “Don’t even go there, sweetheart.” 
Sierra followed Luc inside and her stomach lurched when she realized the house was eerily quiet. Everyone had gone home and Trey was nowhere in sight. “I wonder where he went.” She looked up at Luc. “You don’t think...” She couldn’t even say the words aloud. If her actions had cost him his hard won sobriety, she would never forgive herself. 
Luc shook his head as he slipped his blazer off her shoulders and put it on. “No, if I know Trey, there’s only one place he’d think of going right now.” 
They looked at each other and spoke at the same time. “His studio.” 
His studio was his safe zone, his music his salvation. Why had it taken her so long to realize she had been forcing him to make an impossible choice? She prayed it wasn’t too late to make things right.
“You want me to walk you down there before I leave?” Luc asked, walking with her toward the front door. 
“No, thanks. I need a minute to get my thoughts together.” She grabbed his arm. “Luc, I want to thank you for everything you said tonight. It wasn’t easy to hear, but it was necessary if Trey and I are going to have a chance at making it work this time.” 
He smiled. “I have no doubt you and Trey will make it work. What you guys have comes along once in a lifetime, if you’re lucky. I know you wouldn’t let that slip away again.” 
She stepped up to kiss his cheek. “You’re right. Whatever it takes, we’ll make it work. Thanks, Luc.” 
He grinned. “Just doin’ my duty, ma’am.” 
She smiled as she watched him descend the steps to his car. A sense of peace settled over her as she realized she finally understood why she and Trey had struggled in the past and what she needed to do to ensure their relationship would last this time. She just hoped it wasn’t too late to make amends. 

***

Trey strummed his acoustic guitar, letting the sweet sound wash over him. It was a new song, one that captured his angst over his relationship with Sierra. He was struggling with the decision to put it on the album, even though Luc was sure it would be a number one hit. It was too personal, made him feel too vulnerable, too exposed. He realized it may be a moot point now. He may have to choose between his career and his fiancé. There was no choice; he could live without music, but he couldn’t live without her and their baby. 
He closed his eyes and recited the words from memory. 

I lie awake at night tortured by thoughts of you,
Asking myself where did I go wrong, what did I do? 
How did I go from having it all, to lying here alone, 
When all I want is to reach over and pick up the phone. 

I ache to feel your arms around me, making me feel strong, 
Telling me you love me, you have all along.
I know I’ve made mistakes, left when I should have stayed, 
But I’ve paid the price. Lord knows how I’ve paid. 

I know I don’t deserve it, but I’m asking you to take me back, 
Help me heal this broken heart, ‘cause I need you, baby, that’s a fact.
I know it makes me weak to admit I can’t live without you, 
But I don’t give a damn what people think ‘cause I know it’s true.   

You have my heart in your hands, now you must decide, 
Will you let our love live or has it already died? 
Baby, just tell me, ‘cause I can’t stand this holding on, 
Lying here night after night, bringing in the dawn. 

I ache to feel your arms around me, making me feel strong, 
Telling me you love me, you have all along. 
I know I’ve made mistakes, left when I should have stayed. 
But I’ve paid the price. Lord knows how I have paid. 

You have to tell me now, what’s it gonna be, 
Will you hold onto my heart, or will you set it free? 
Do you love me still, or do you have to let me go? 
Either way, please tell me, I have to know. 

I can’t go on this way, barely surviving day by day, 
So it’s time to tell me now, will you go or will you stay? 
I won’t blame you if your answer is no, 
I’ve given you too many reasons to go. 

I ache to feel your arms around me, making me feel strong, 
Telling me you love me, you have all along. 
I know I’ve made mistakes, left when I should have stayed. 
But I’ve paid the price. Lord knows how I’ve paid.

Baby, could you find it in your heart,
To grant us that fresh new start?
To forget and forgive the pain of those years, 
Please, just let me hold you and wipe away those tears.

He took a deep breath, fighting the tidal wave of emotion coursing through him. He had recovered his ability to write music, but it was a double-edged sword that cut deep. He could release all of the emotions he had been hiding from for years, but it meant having to face them in the bright light of day and admit he was flawed. Admit it to himself, his fans, but most importantly to Sierra. 
“That was beautiful,” she whispered. She stepped further into the room. 
He had been so caught up in the music, he hadn’t heard or felt her presence. He wasn’t sure whether she would show up at all. She had left him before and he couldn’t be sure she wouldn’t leave again. He hated living with the fear, the never-ending doubts, and the insecurity. He was used to being strong, fearless, in control. But this little bit of a woman brought him to his knees, making him beg for mercy every time he thought about the possibility of losing her.
He turned toward her, afraid of what he might see in her eyes. “I told everyone about the baby. I hope you don’t mind.” 
She shook her head and stroked her flat stomach. “I don’t mind. How did they react?” 
He thought of their tears, their elation, and smiled. “They were happy for us.” 
“I’m glad.” She came over and claimed the stool beside him. “I had a nice talk with Luc.” 
He had to get out of the house or risk knocking his best friend’s teeth out. He knew Luc was just looking out for him, but if his words had caused Sierra to reconsider their marriage, he would never forgive him. 
“What did he have to say?” He refused to look at her, strumming his guitar instead. 
She reached over and stilled his hand, forcing him to look her in the eye. “He made me realize how wrong I was, Trey.” 
Here it comes, he thought. This is the part where she tells me she was wrong to accept my proposal, wrong to think we could have a life together again. He tried to steel his broken heart against the beating it was about to take, but it was no use. It was already too battered.
“He made me realize that I was asking you to make an impossible choice. I was forcing you to choose between me and your music.” 
“There is no choice,” he said simply. “I want you and the baby you’re carrying. That’s all that matters to me.” He set his guitar down at his feet. “If I never pick it up again, I’m okay with that, as long as I have you and our baby.” 
She slid off the stool and stood between his thighs. “Do you have any idea how much I love you? How much it means to me that you would be willing to make that kind of sacrifice for me, for us?” 
He shrugged his shoulders. “It’s a no brainer, baby. I’ve lived the last five years with only my music to fulfill me. It doesn’t. It doesn’t even come close. I need you.” He wrapped his arms around her waist, drawing her closer. “I need you, Sierra. I’m not gonna lie. That still scares the hell out of me.”
She smiled and stroked the stubble on his face. “I know how you feel. I feel exactly the same way. You have the power to break my heart, Trey.” 
“Never,” he whispered. 
She looked into his eyes for a long moment. “I believe you. I trust you with my heart; can you do the same?” 
He nodded, too overwhelmed to say the words aloud. 
She smiled and kissed his lips. “Good, now that we have that settled, I want to talk about this album of yours.” 
“I haven’t decided what I’m going to do about that, Sierra.” 
“I have.” She threaded her hands through his hair. “You’re going to release it on schedule and promote the hell out of it, and that includes a world tour.” 
He shook his head. “I’m not sure I wanna do that. I want to be here with you and the baby, sweetheart. I don’t want to miss all of those important firsts: first time they sit up, first words, first steps. I’d never forgive myself.” 
“You won’t have to worry about that because we’ll be right there with you.” She kissed his lips. “You won’t have to miss a thing.” 
He held her at arm’s length. “I can’t ask you to do that. You guys need some stability, and what about the charity?”
She stroked his face and his hair. “I can run the foundation from anywhere. I have an amazing support system in place to help me. Besides, we can get some help with the baby while we’re on the road, if we need to. We’ll find a way to make it work, Trey.” 
Hope bloomed in his chest, but he was afraid to believe he could have it all, the music he loved and the woman he loved. “Are you sure about this?” 
She kissed him again, drawing him closer. “Honey, your music is a part of you, one of the best parts. Why would I want to take that away?” 
He drew her into his arms, burying his face in her hair. “God, I love you so much.” 
“What’s the name of that new song you were singing?” she asked, stroking his back. 
“‘Will You Love Me Again?’” 
“The answer is yes, Trey. I’ve never stopped loving you and I never will.” 
Chapter Twenty-Two 


The day was bittersweet for Sierra. It was her wedding day, the first day of the rest of her life with Trey. But it was also the day she would have to say good-bye to Val, a woman who had been like a second mother to her. 
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Lexi asked, hugging her. “I thought you’d be on top of the world today.” 
“I am.” She tried to blink back the tears. “This house just won’t be the same without Val. I’m going to miss her so much.”
“Hey, Florida is just a plane ride away. Besides, I have some news,” Lexi said, winking at Marisa. “Should I tell her now?” 
“Yes,” Marisa said, bouncing on the edge of the bed. “I can’t wait to see the look on her face.” 
Sierra looked between her sister and her best friend. When these two were caught conspiring, it usually meant trouble. “Should I sit down for this?” she asked, grabbing the back of an armchair for support. 
Lexi laughed, grabbing her hand. “I don’t think so.” She took a deep breath. “I’m moving back home, Sierra.” 
“Home, as in Nashville?” Sierra asked, scarcely able to believe her wish to have her baby sister nearby was finally becoming a reality. 
“Nashville is home, silly.” Lexi held her at arm’s length. “Are those happy tears?”
“Damn you,” Marisa complained. “You should have waited until after the wedding to tell her. Now we’re going to have to call the make-up artist back to do some emergency repairs.” 
“I don’t care,” Sierra said, not even trying to control the tears streaming down her face. “This is the best news ever. But why did you decide to move back home now?” 
Lexi stroked her hair. “You’re the only family I’ve got, sis. Now that you’re going to be having a baby, I want to be nearby so I can spoil my niece or nephew rotten.” 
Sierra smiled at her sister. She was so proud of the woman she had become: strong, confident, yet compassionate and loyal. She felt so blessed to know that their baby would have so much love in his or her life. 
“Tell her the best part,” Marisa said, checking her reflection in the mirror. 
“My future brother-in-law has offered me the guest house for a while, until I can find a place of my own.” 
Sierra never ceased to be amazed by Trey’s love and generosity. He not only gave Lexi a loan to start her business years ago, now he was opening his home to her. She felt like the luckiest woman alive to be given a second chance with this remarkable man. “I can’t believe he knew about this and didn’t tell me.” 
“Don’t blame him; I swore him to secrecy,” Lexi said, patting her tear-stained cheeks with a tissue. 
“Tell her the other reason you decided to make the move now, Lex,” Marisa said with a wink. 
“There is no other reason,” Lexi said between gritted teeth. 
“We both know you’re lying,” Marisa said in a singsong voice. 
“Okay, what am I missing?” Sierra demanded. 
“Lexi’s hot for Josh,” Marisa said, laughing. 
Lexi threw a cushion at her. “I am not.” 
Sierra’s mouth fell open. “Are you serious? Josh?” The man was gorgeous, generous, salt of the earth, and all wrong for her sister. 
“Not that I’m admitting that I’m interested in him, but if I were, would that be such a bad thing?” Lexi asked, folding her arms across her chest. 
“Honey, I know you and I know Josh. Trust me; you two are all wrong for each other. He’s ten years older than you. He’s got two teenagers, for God’s sake, Lexi.” 
She shrugged her shoulders. “So what? You were about to marry a man old enough to be your father. He had four grown kids. Who the hell are you to judge me?” 
Sierra knew that tone of voice. Her sister was pissed beyond the ability to reason. “I’m not judging you. I just know the kind of man Josh is and what he’s looking for in a woman.” 
“And I’m not it. Is that what you’re saying?” 
Sierra sighed. “Josh left the police force because he was tired of the risk, the danger. He wants a nice, simple life with a woman who wants the same thing. I happen to know he’d love to settle down and have more kids.” 
Lexi rolled her eyes. “Who the hell is talking about white picket fences and happily ever after, Sierra? I’m talking about a few dates and maybe heating up the sheets. You know I don’t do the whole commitment thing.” She shuddered, as if just thinking about it gave her chills. 
“Hah,” Marisa said. “Sounds like you and Luc would be perfect for each other, Lexi.”
Lexi held her hands up. “Oh no. That’s never gonna happen. Trust me.” She smiled when Marisa looked offended. “I didn’t say he wasn’t hot. Obviously he is, but that would be breaking girl code and that’s something I would never do.” 
Marisa scowled. “It’s over between us. You’re welcome to him.” 
Sierra and Lexi shared a knowing glance. “Whether it is or not, I’m still not interested.” 
“Back to Josh,” Sierra said. “You and he want totally different things out of life, Lexi. You would make each other miserable.” 
Lexi laughed. “Would you relax? I’ll let him know up front that I’m just looking for a little fun. He’s a big boy; he can decide for himself whether he’s interested.”
As far as Sierra was concerned, this was a disaster waiting to happen. If she could stop it, she felt obligated to protect her sister and her friend from potential heartbreak. “Are you telling me you intend to proposition Josh?” 
Marisa giggled. “Don’t ask her what she’s wearing under that dress.” 
Sierra eyed her sister’s strapless, floor-length black gown. She could only imagine what kind of racy lingerie she had hidden under the elegant sheaf. Despite her penchant for running marathons, Lexi had managed to maintain the lush curves that routinely brought grown men to their knees. Poor Josh didn’t stand a chance if her intent was to seduce him. Just as Sierra was about to lecture her sister about the perils of toying with a man like Josh, a knock on the door interrupted them. 
“That’s our cue to leave,” Lexi said, grabbing Marisa by the hand. “We’ll be back soon.” 
Sierra watched their retreating backs as Val slipped into the room. “You look beautiful,” Val whispered, her eyes tearing. 
“So do you,” Sierra said, fighting back her own tears. “You don’t know how much it means that you and Terrence would offer to share your wedding day with us.” 
She came forward and took Sierra in her arms. “I wouldn’t have it any other way. I love you. You know that.” 
“You’ve told me a thousand times, in a thousand different ways over the years, Val,” Sierra said, sniffling. “This house won’t be the same without you, but I’m glad you and Terrence have found each other. You deserve to be happy.” 
“So do you, dear. You’ve brought Trey back to life and I’m so grateful for that.” She led her to the sitting room in the large bedroom. She waited until they were both seated before asking the question. “Trey tells me you plan to go on tour with him?”
Sierra nodded. “I don’t want us to be apart for months. Being on tour is a part of his life, and I want to support him and his career, just as I know he would for me.” 
Val smiled and patted her hand. “I’m glad; I think you’re making the right decision. Have you started interviewing nannies to travel with you?” 
Sierra sighed. “No, but I suppose I’ll have to when we get back from our honeymoon.” 
Val grinned. “Not necessarily.” 
“What do you mean? I need help while we’re on the road. I still have the foundation to run.”
Val laughed. “I know that, dear, but I know someone who may be able to help you.” 
Sierra was willing to accept any recommendations Val had to offer. She knew she wouldn’t think of suggesting a caregiver unless they were highly qualified to care for their baby. “Who is it?”
“Me.” 
“You? Omigod, are you serious, Val?” 
Val laughed and squeezed her hands. “I’m very serious. Terrence and I have talked about it, and our plan was to travel when we retired. This would give us the chance to see the world with people we love. It would be perfect.”
Sierra hugged her tightly, thinking this day couldn’t get any better. She was about to marry the man she loved and she was going to have the support of Val while they were on the road and her sister while they were at home, which was more than she could have dared hope for. 
“Thank you,” Sierra whispered. “You don’t know how much this means to me, to us.” 
Val patted her back. “You and Trey are like the children I always wanted, sweetheart. Spending time with your beautiful baby will be like watching my own grandbaby grow up.” 
“I love you,” Sierra said, smiling through her tears. 

***

Trey took his bride in his arms for their first dance as husband and wife as cameras descended upon them in a crescendo of flashing lights. They had invited a few members of the press to witness their nuptials, though he suspected even with heightened security that it would be impossible to keep the circling paparazzi at bay. The invasion of his privacy would have infuriated him on any other day, but today was his wedding day and he wasn’t going to allow anything to rob them of this moment. 
“I love you,” Sierra whispered, leaning her head against his chest. “I never dreamed we would be here again, but I’m so grateful we are.” 
He smiled down at her, oblivious to the couples taking the dance floor around them. “This time it’s forever, sweetheart.” 
“I know.” She looked around the dance floor and sighed. “I just wish everyone could be as happy as we are, Trey.” 
He let his hand trail down her bare back, his thoughts drifting to their wedding night. “You’re thinking of Luc and my sister?” 
She nodded. “Them as well as Josh and my sister.” 
He looked at the couple in question, looking decidedly intimate in a close embrace. “I had no idea they were interested in each other.” 
She bit her bottom lip. “That’s the problem. I’m afraid they’re interested, but in totally different things. She wants a good time without the commitment, and he’s looking for forever. That’s a disaster waiting to happen and I care about both of them too much to see them get hurt.” 
He tipped her chin and kissed her lips gently. “Your sister and Josh are both adults, honey. They have to make their own decisions. Besides, maybe she’ll be too caught up with her business and her duties as auntie to get involved in a relationship, casual or otherwise.” 
She tipped her head back to look at him and smiled. “About that, you’ve been keeping secrets from me.” 
He grinned. “I prefer to think of it as a surprise rather than a secret.” 
She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Whatever you call it, thank you. I am so grateful, Trey. The thought of having Lexi and Val with us makes me so happy.” 
He dipped his head to kiss her again. He would never tire of the sweet taste of her lips. “Making you happy is the most important thing in the world to me, baby. I don’t want to give you reason to doubt that ever again.” 
“You’ve already made me happier than I ever thought I could be,” she whispered. “I can only hope our daughter will be lucky enough to find a man like you someday.” 
He stared at her, trying to process her words. “Are you telling me we’re having a baby girl?” 
She smiled through her tears. “I had a doctor’s appointment while you were in San Antonio last week. I didn’t want to say anything until I spoke with the doctor again. But I’ve finally passed the three month mark and the doctor said there’s no reason to expect any problems with the pregnancy. When she did the ultrasound, she asked if I wanted to know the sex of the baby. I couldn’t resist. I hope you don’t mind.” 
He laughed as he picked her up and swung her in a low circle. “Mind? Are you kidding me? I couldn’t be happier. This is the best wedding present you could have given me, Sierra.” 
She winked. “Just wait ‘til you see what I have in store for you later.” 
He couldn’t wait. He scooped her up and crossed the dance floor to the cheering and laughter of their friends and family as he carried her towards the waiting limousine.  
About the Author


To learn more about Cheryl Douglas please visit her online at 
www.cheryldouglasbooks.com
Question and comments about this book may be directed to:  info@cheryldouglasbooks.com
Now Available  


Fearless – Book Two in the Nashville Nights Series 


Lexi Brooks has overcome adversity to build a successful real estate business that will enable her live life on her terms. The life she envisions includes travel, fun, and excitement, not marriage, kids or commitment. But will Trey’s sexy bodyguard throw a wrench into her plans? 
Being a cop taught Josh Cooper to take calculated risks, but he’s tired of living with the daily threat of danger. He’s ready to settle down with someone who wants to be a step-mother to his two teenage sons. Too bad Lexi isn’t that woman. She’s smart, sexy, and head-strong, and they’re totally in sync in the bedroom, but she isn’t willing to ‘settle’ for a life of domestic bliss. Or is she
