Shattered Dreams
Book One of the Freedom Trilogy
By Brenda Kennedy
•••
Copyright 2014 by Brenda Kennedy
SMASHWORDS  EDITION
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedicated to Doris and LeRoy and to Karen and Bob
This story is part of a trilogy. Books 1 and 2 have cliffhangers.
•••
Chapter One: Combat Boots and Baby Shoes
Emma
“Push, Emma, I can see him!” Max says excitedly, as he stands at the head of the hospital bed, holding my hand.  
“Emma, one more big push should do it. When I tell you, I want you to give it all you have,” the doctor says as he looks at me.  
I only nod; I am exhausted. I don’t know how I am going to push any more. I have been in labor for nearly 19 hours.  
“Ok, Emma, here we go. Take a deep breath, tuck your chin into your chest, and on the count of three… push,” the doctor says. 
Max whispers into my ear. “Come on, Em, in just a few minutes we get to meet our son. I love you and I am so proud of you.” Max lightly touches my earlobe and I open my eyes. I look into his piercing blue eyes. I can see his smile in his eyes.  
Max lifts my head for me and I tuck my chin into my chest, as I have done many times before. I take a deep breath, close my eyes, and push with all the strength I have left in me. Max bends down and counts softly into my ear. When he says ten, I open my eyes.  
“Em, look in the mirror. Do you see him? That’s our boy, Em, our son: mine and yours.” Max says sweetly without raising up and away from me. He lowers my head back down to the bed. He wipes the tear away from the corner of my eye before it trickles down. 
“Emma, you’re doing great. Rest until the next contraction and then I want you to push just like you did this time.” 
“I can’t,” I whisper, so only Max can hear me. 
Max rubs his thumb back and forth over my earlobe. He has done that since our first date in high school. He kisses me and says, “Em, I know you can do it once more. Our son is right there waiting to meet us.” He kisses me again.  
“This is it, Emma,” the doctor says, scooting his stool closer to me. 
Max lifts my head and I don’t open my eyes. “On the count of three.” I wait for Max to count before taking a deep breath. I push then I feel a tug. “Open your eyes, Em, you’re going to miss it.”  
I open my eyes and the doctor is suctioning the nose and mouth of a blond-haired baby. I smile and watch. Max leans in closer and whispers into my ear. “God, he’s beautiful. He looks just like you.”  
We watch intently as the doctor gently pulls our baby the rest of the way out. I think I hold my breath until our son fills his lungs with air and cries. I turn my head towards Max; he is also crying.  
“God, Em, I swear I didn’t think I could love you anymore, but I was wrong.” I smile and he kisses me. “Thank you, thank you so much for giving me my son, a family.” 
Max takes the camera and snaps several pictures of our son.  
The doctor places our crying son on my belly and asks Max if he wants to cut the umbilical cord. Max stands tall and proud, then nods. I watch as the nurse hands him a pair of medical scissors and Max cuts in the area she instructs.  
My eyes fill with tears. Max is still wearing his Army fatigues, boots, and a camouflage shirt. He was in the field for a training day when I went into labor. I am three weeks early so none of our parents are here. It’s just Max, me, and our military family.  
Once the umbilical cord is cut, the nurse removes our son from my belly and carries him over to another table on the other side of the room. I keep my eyes focused on our baby. The nurse is rubbing him vigorously with a towel and he continues to cry.  
“Just a few more minutes, Emma, and I’ll be done here,” the doctor says.  
I begin to shiver and someone covers me with a warm blanket. Max leans down next to me and kisses me. “I think we need a name for our little soldier.”  
I turn my head and smile, “I want to name him Maxwell James Greyson Jr.” Max and I have already had this talk and Max doesn’t think he is worthy enough to have his son named after him. He said he didn’t want his son walking in his shadow.  
“Em, look at him. He’s strong and beautiful, a true soldier. He deserves to be named after a hero.” Max takes even more photos of our son. 
“Max, you are a hero, you’re my hero.” 
They wrap our baby up and the nurse carries him over to us. I sit up and the nurse hands him to me. He is swaddled in a light blue blanket and a white cap that covers his hair. He is awake and looking at me. Max sits closely and lightly touches our son’s face with the backs of his fingers. “God, Em, he’s beautiful.” 
“He’s handsome like his daddy.” I look over my shoulder so I can see Max.  
“Dad. I’m a dad. I’m going to be the best dad I can be. I’m going to make you and him proud of me,” Max says seriously. 
“Max, I am already proud of you and I love you so much.” 
Max looks away from the baby and looks at me with a sad smile. “There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for you and him. You know that, right?” 
I nod. My nose begins to tingle; this is a clear sign that I’m about to cry. Max lightly touches my earlobe and I smile. I lean my head into his hand and close my eyes. He leans into me and kisses my forehead. The baby fusses and Max laughs. “He’s already starting to interfere with my alone time with you.” 
Max stands up and takes the baby from my arms. He holds him with confidence and pride. Max cuddles him before removing his hat. “Blond hair like his mother,” he says, smiling. “What can we name him other than Maxwell? He deserves something strong, powerful, and authoritative.”  
“Max, if you won’t agree with Maxwell James, let’s name him James Maxwell. He won’t be a Jr., but he’ll still be named after you.” 
Max looks at his son, “James Maxwell Greyson. No Jimmy, or Jimbo or Jim?”  
“No, we’ll call him James.”  
“James Maxwell Greyson, your mother is very persistent.” Max looks over at me with a smile. 
“Is that a yes? We can name him after you?” I ask, hopefully.  
Max kisses his son and smiles. “I think James suits him, James Greyson. Yes, Emma, I think it’s a perfect name for our little soldier.” 
“I’m sorry, Sergeant. But, there is a waiting room full of unruly soldiers waiting to hear some news about the mom and baby. Would you mind going out there and telling them something?” the nurse asks, smiling. 
“Oh, yeah, I should do that. Most of them have been out there since your labor started.” Max kisses the baby and hands him to me. “I’ll be right back, I love you both so much.” 
“We love you, too. Go tell them to go home and please thank them for me.” 
“They are going to want to see you and the baby, you know.” 
“I know, just tell them we’ll see them once we get home. It’s been a long several hours of labor. They’ll understand.” I am suddenly feeling exhausted.  
“I will.” Max kisses me, then the baby, and heads for the door.  
“Oh, Max?”  
He turns around to look at me, “Yes, Em?” 
“Don’t come in here smelling of cheap cigars. I know how you and your boys are.” 
“Wouldn’t think of it; be right back.” 
Max
I walk out into the waiting room, which is full of our military family. I stand at the doorway bearing an all-American smile. Looking around the room, I see my platoon standing around waiting for an update. Wilson, Lanford, Wagner, Snider, Jamison, Poland, and even Mahoney are here with their wives. They have been a part of our family for the past year, ever since we have been stationed in Fort Drum, New York. I clear my throat and everyone looks up. “We have a beautiful, healthy, baby boy,” I announce proudly. 
The room erupts with cheers. I take a step further into the room and close the door securely behind me, to mute the noise from the room.  
“Sarg, please tells us he looks like Emma?” Mahoney shouts from across the room. His wife, who is standing beside him, nudges him in his ribs, and smiles.  
“Yeah, Mahoney, thank the good lord, he looks just like Em.” 
Lanford and his wife walk towards me. “Does the little soldier have a name?” 
“He does, we decided to name him James Maxwell,” I beam. I clear my throat. “James, no shortening it, no nicknames, just James.” 
Wilson’s wife walks up to me and hugs me. “I think James is a wonderful name, Max. How is Emma doing?” 
“She’s great. I am so proud of her and the baby is perfect.” I raise my voice a little louder so everyone can hear. “Em and I want to thank you all for being here with us and for sharing in the birth of our son.” I clear my throat again. “It really means a lot to us both.”  
“Does this mean we can light up these cigars now?” Wilson says, as he passes them out to each of the guys. The girls crinkle up their noses and I laugh.  
“Party on, but I need to get back in there. But, seriously, thank you all.” 
I open the door and turn to leave before someone calls me by name. “Greyson?” I turn around and Snyder walks up to me with an envelope and a package in his hands. “Here, it isn’t much, but we wanted to get the newest member of our squad something. Tell Emma we are proud of her and can’t wait to see her and the baby.” 
I take the gift and the envelope from Snider. “Thank you, this means a lot to Emma and me.” I turn and walk out the room.  
I walk into Em’s room and she and James are fast asleep. She is holding him to her chest and her hand is resting on his back. The room is dim and no one else is in there. I quietly walk over and stand at the edge of the bed. Emma wakes up and smiles. “Hi.” 
“Hi, I didn’t mean to wake you. You look so beautiful, I couldn’t help but stare.” 
Emma scoots over and lifts the blanket up for me to get under. “You can stare at me all day long, if you want.” 
I sit on the edge of the bed and kiss her head. “The guys got us something,” I say, raising the gift for her to see.  
“They didn’t have to do that.” 
“They know that, but they wanted to.” 
“Go ahead and open it.” She repositions James in her arms so she can get a better look. 
I open the card and see a picture of a little boy playing with a train set. Inside are two crisp $100 bills. The card reads, A little something to help with his first train set. Love, Uncle Mahoney, Poland, Snider, Wilson, Jamison, Lanford, and Wagner. I smile and look up at Emma. 
“A train set?” 
“Yeah, it’s a guy thing,” I say, laughing.  
She laughs, too. “Boys and their toys.” 
I open up the gift and hold it up for Emma to see. It’s a camouflage onesie and matching pants. “Well, I guess I know what he’ll be coming home in,” she says, picking up the small outfit.  
“Like father, like son,” I beam. 
I pick up the baby and hold him. “Thank God, he looks like you. The guys also send their love and they said they’ll see you soon. I thought some of the guys would have left, but they all stayed. Even their wives were out there waiting on the news of the birth.”  
“We are very blessed to be stationed here with such wonderful people.” 
“I think so, too, Em. It makes it a lot easier being away from our home and family. Some great people are stationed here with us.” 
The nurse walks in, and I stand up from the bed with James. The nurse checks Emma and pushes on her belly and checks her vital signs. Emma grimaces and I move over to stand near her. She reaches her hand up to me and I take it in mine. She squeezes my hand and I know she is in pain. Once the nurse is done examining Emma, she asks, “Do you want to try to feed your son?”  
Emma looks at me and smiles. “I would love to,” she says, sitting up in the bed. The nurse walks over and gets an extra pillow from the linen closet. I kiss the baby and hand him to Emma. I don’t walk away from the bed; instead, I sit on the edge so I can be a part of his first feeding. The nurse assists Emma from the other side of the bed, and I watch my son nurse for the first time. Reaching over I lightly touch James’ forehead. He has the softest skin I have ever felt. Emma looks over at me and smiles.  
I say, “I love you so much. You do know that I am the happiest man on the earth right now?” I raise my hand and touch Emma’s earlobe. She leans her head into my hand and I cup my hand over her cheek.  
“Max, I love you so much. Thank you for giving him to me. It’s hard to believe how much I love him, already.” Emma looks down at James as he eats, and touches his small cheek. 
“He’s beautiful. Today is right up there with one of the best days of my life.” 
“One of them?” she asks, surprised. 
“Yes, marrying you is one and James’ birth is another. I feel complete. Everything I have ever wanted is right here. I am the luckiest guy on the planet Earth.”  
Once James is finished eating and Emma swaddles him. I lay him down in his crib. I look over at Emma; she is sitting up in bed with her eyes closed. I lower the head of her hospital bed and cover her with the blankets up to her chin, the way I know she likes them. She tells me she loves me, but she doesn’t open her eyes. There is a recliner in the room I make into a bed for me for the night. I know that she will want me to go home, but I have no intentions of leaving my family in the hospital alone. I kiss her goodnight before I kiss James goodnight. I look on the nightstand; a children’s book is lying on the stand. I open it and see that it is a gift from Emma’s mom and dad. 
For our firstborn grandson. We loved you even before we met you. We love you so much, Grandma and Pap.  
I smile at the thought of how much my son is already loved. He is only a few hours old and so many people already love him. The more people who love him, the better off he will be as a child and a man. The book is called The Grandchild. I pull up a chair and begin to read the book to James before going to bed. 
Emma
“Emma, please don’t lift that. I’ll get it for you.” 
“Max, I am more than capable of carrying our baby into the house.” 
“The baby, yes, but not the baby and his carrier. Here, let me,” Max says, reaching into the back seat and unfastening the carrier from the carrier base.  
“I’m not as fragile as you think.” 
“I know that. I just want you to take it easy for a while. The doctor said no lifting.” 
“Max, he didn’t mean the baby.” And we both laugh.  
“Ok, you got me there. Once we get him in the house, then you can carry him.”  
Max carries the baby and my suitcase and we walk into our military-issued duplex apartment on base. We have lived here for the past year. We share the other half of the duplex with Jamison, a guy in Max’s platoon. Jamison is married to Brooke, and they have two sons: Braden is two years old, and Briley is 6 months old.  
Max opens the door and I smell food cooking as soon as I walk in. He closes the door and Brooke walks out of the kitchen.  
“It’s about time,” she says, smiling. “I thought Greyson got lost.” 
“He didn’t tell me you were going to be here.” I walk over to hug her. “That explains why he took the long way home,” I say, looking back over my shoulder at him. 
“Don’t blame me, I was told to give Brooke time to get dinner ready. How am I supposed to know how long that takes?” he says while lifting James from the carrier.  
Brooke walks over and hugs Max before taking the baby from him. “You’re right. It just seemed like you were gone forever. I’ve been dying here waiting for you guys.” 
Brooke walks over to the couch with our son, and Max and I watch her hold him. She uncovers him and looks at his fingers and toes, she removes his small cap and looks at his hair. I kiss Max and we both go over and sit beside Brooke. She replaces his cap and swaddles him in a baby blanket before she holds him to her chest. We watch as she kisses his cheek and cuddles him. “Oh, Emma and Greyson, he is such a cutie.” 
A knock sounds at the door, and Max stands to answer it.  
“That’s probably Brice; although I am right next door, he’s probably going crazy alone with the boys,” Brooke says. 
Max opens the door and Brice walks in, carrying a crying baby and holding Braden’s hand. Braden sees Brooke and takes off and runs towards her. 
“I’m sorry, Emma and Brooke, but they want their mother.” He looks disheveled and tired. I take James from Brooke and she bends down and picks up Braden. She kisses him before she walks over to the door to join her husband and baby. 
“Food’s done. There’s meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and a salad on the table. The brownies are in the oven; they still have about 15 minutes left on the timer before they are done.” 
“Thank you, you didn’t have to do that.” 
“We know that; we wanted to. Someone in the platoon will be cooking for you once a night for the next week. We want you to take it easy for a while.” She takes the fussy baby from Brice and he instantly calms. 
“Why don’t you stay and eat with us?” 
“No, thank you. This is your time. I’ll be over tomorrow when these guys go to work. If you need me or need anything, come over, text, or call us.” 
“I’m off on paternity leave,” Max says, walking towards the door.  
“You are? You got time off from work?” I ask. 
“I took two weeks off.”  
“Oh, Max, two weeks with you and no work. Just you, me, and James?” 
Max walks over to me, “You’re excited now, but in two weeks, you’ll be singing another tune.” 
“I doubt that.” 
I stand up and we walk over to Brooke and Brice. Max looks at me with concern; I smile. He doesn’t want me to lift anything heavy. I have been carrying James around in my belly for nine months; carrying him in my arms is no different. Well, it is different; it’s much easier. Brice looks over at the baby and smiles.  
“We need to get these guys fed and bathed. Emma, you look great and call if you need anything. Greyson, count your blessings that your son got his looks from Emma and not from you.” Brice laughs as he opens the door for his family.  
“I know that’s right. I’ll see you tomorrow and thank you both,” Max says with his hand on the doorknob. 
“No problem, see you later.”  
I feed and change the baby before Max and I eat supper. Brooke set the table and even placed white taper candles in the center. Max and I talk about him being home for the next two weeks and about my parents coming up for a visit for five days and his parents coming up for another five days the following week. Thankfully, they won’t be here at the same time. This house isn’t big enough for the seven of us.  
Over the next few days, Max and I stay home and try to get a routine down as a family. James is a good baby, as I knew he would be. Max is so calm and patient, I was hoping James would get that gene. I, on the other hand, worry about everything. I was a nervous child, and I am a nervous adult. I do know some things will never change, but it doesn’t stop me from worrying about them.  
I breastfeed James for every feeding and Max sits close. I know he wants to be a part of it. I started using the breast pump his mother got me, so Max can now feed James and James doesn’t miss out on the nutrients of breast milk. Max holds him and watches him closely. We have a camera that we keep out for moments like these.  
“What are you doing?” Max smiles and blinks several times.  
“I’m sorry, I want to get a picture of you feeding James.” 
“I understand that, but don’t you think you have enough pictures?”  
“No, you can never have too many pictures. Besides, he is growing every day, I don’t want to miss anything.”  
Max removes the empty bottle from James’ mouth and puts him on his shoulder to burp him. “You’re changing this diaper,” Max says, laughing. 
We have quickly learned that James poops after every feeding.  
“Ok, but you get the next one.”  
I stand and walk the short distance to the Pack ’n Play where the extra diapers and baby wipes are stored. I collect what I need for a diaper change and go back over to sit beside Max. I watch how gently he handles James. Nothing like the rough and tough soldier he is trained to be.  
“What are you smiling at?” 
I blink a few times and look up at Max’s sweet face. “I was just thinking about how gentle you are with him.” I smile and watch as Max continues to burp James. “If you are this soft as a soldier, I think you are in big trouble.” 
“Soft? Who are you calling soft?” he says, laughing. 
I laugh, too. “I didn’t mean for that to come out like it sounded.” 
“Here, I think he’s done and I definitely think his diaper needs changed.” Max kisses our son and hands him to me. “Soft, huh? I think this is a conversation that needs to remain between us.” 
I take the baby from Max. “I’m not saying it’s a bad thing.” I kiss James and lay out his changing mat so I can change him. 
“A soft soldier is definitely a bad thing.” He shakes his head and walks away.  
I wake up in the middle of the night to an empty bed. I walk down the hall and into the nursery to find Max asleep in the overstuffed rocker with a sleeping baby tucked safely in his arms. I smile and walk back into the bedroom to get the camera. The lamp is on and I pray that is enough light so I won’t need a flash. After I snap several pictures, I pick up the baby and place him back into his crib. Max wakes up and watches me. He stands beside the crib and lightly touches James’ small cheek.  
“Come on, momma. Let’s go to bed.” 
I look up and smile at Max. He has never called me mom, mommy, or momma before. He places his large hand on my waist and leads me out of the room. He lifts the covers for me to climb under. I do, then wait for Max to get into bed so I can curl up beside him. I snuggle into him and he wraps his arms securely around me.  
“Thank you,” he says while gently caressing my earlobe.  
I don’t move my head but ask, “For what?” 
“For giving me everything I have ever wanted. For making my life complete.” 
“James has made your life complete?” I ask, smiling into his chest. 
“Well, I have always thought my life was complete with just you, but he adds to it.” Max kisses my head and holds me tighter. 
“He is pretty sweet, isn’t he?” I ask as I draw the infinity symbol onto his bare chest.  
“Yes, he is. Who knew what we were missing out on? Emma, when I get back from my deployment we should try to have another baby.” 
Max and his platoon are scheduled for deployment overseas in another six months. “Max, I don’t want to talk or think about that.” 
“Ok, I’m sorry.” 
The next few days are filled up with my parents coming in to see their grandson and to also help Max and me out. To my surprise, Max and I have adjusted very well into a routine. James is an extremely good baby. I haven’t needed to fix dinner since we came home from the hospital. The guys in Max’s platoon and their wives have been taking turns making us dinner and bringing it over every night. I guess they decided that would be the easiest and the fairest way for everyone to meet James. They bring dinner and stay for an hour or so visiting. It’s been wonderful seeing everyone and it hasn’t been too overwhelming, since they have been taking turns.  
“Emma, I think he looks like you when you were born,” my dad says, smiling.  
Max clears his throat and smiles at my dad. 
“Oh, yeah, I can see some of Max in him, too,” my dad says, while focusing solely on James. “I think he has your chin, Max.”  
“The dimple in James’ chin definitely came from me.” Max beams. 
My mom takes James from my dad. James also has Max’s nose and his deep-set eyes. I look up at Max — he is standing proud. He walks to and stands over my mom. I have to smile at how proud he is knowing his son resembles him. 
“He has Emma’s blond hair, mouth, and ears,” Max says seriously. He bends down and touches James’ cheek. “I love Emma’s soft blond hair, her full lips, and small ears. He looks so much like his mother, thank God.” 
“He is a beautiful baby and he looks like the both of you. The dimple in his chin certainly comes from you, Max,” my mother says while repositioning James on her lap. 
“Well, if any of you ask me, James has his own look and it’s a very handsome look, at that.” I walk over and pick up James from my mother’s lap. “It’s time for him to lie in his own bed. You all will have him so spoiled, he’ll never want to sleep alone again.” 
I walk the short distance to the bassinet and lay him on his back in it.  
My mother stands up and laughs, “Who wants a spice cake for dessert?” 
“From scratch?” my father asks with a knowing look on his face. My mother always bakes from scratch.  
“Of course, Gene. When have you known me to open a box to bake from?” 
“Never, but since we aren’t home, I wasn’t sure.” 
“Well, if they don’t have what I need, we’ll go to the commissary to get it.” 
My dad stands with my mom and they walk hand in hand towards the kitchen. 
“Gene, don’t get too caught up with that spice cake. We have a train set to put together.” Max looks at the large box leaning against the wall.  
“Let’s make sure Millie has the ingredients for the spice cake and then we’ll put the train set together.” 
“Ok, I can appreciate that,” Max says. 
Max
Gene and I sit in the center of the living room floor looking at the picture of the train set on the very large box it came in. We have a tool box out with miscellaneous tools lying around us. The house is smelling of spice cake and the sound of baby noises fills the otherwise quiet space. I look around and see Millie and Emma cooing at James. This is my life and I couldn’t be happier. I look over at Gene, who is looking frustrated.  
“I think you should be reading the instructions and not looking at the picture,” Millie says.  
“Millie, how many of these have you put together?” Gene asks, looking up from the train set.  
“None, but I have seen you put several together and you always look at the picture first, then after several hours you decide to read the instructions. I just thought I would offer you some advice that will eventually save you some time.” 
“Thank you, but this is how real guys do it, huh, Max?” Gene says, smiling. 
“I’m afraid so, Millie. This is how my dad did it and this is how my granddad did it. It must be the right way.” 
The timer on the oven goes off and Millie stands up to remove the cake from the oven. “Ok, have it your way, but don’t say I didn’t tell you.” 
“Don’t worry,” Gene says, laughing.  
Millie walks out of the room towards the kitchen.  
“Dad, you know she’s right. You always look at the picture first, then you have to read the instructions to complete the project.” 
“I know, honey, but I’m not ready to admit defeat. Max, you read the instructions and don’t let Millie see you.” We all laugh and Millie walks back into the room.  
“What’s so funny?” 
“Nothing. How’s the cake look?” Gene asks.  
“It looks as good as it smells,” Millie boasts. 
“Em, I need you to get that recipe from your mom before she leaves.” 
“I already have it, but mine never comes out like hers.” 
“I need you to get it right before she leaves, then.” 
Later that night we have dinner and dessert. While Millie and Emma bathe James, Gene and I read the instructions to the train set behind their backs. Slowly we get the right pieces into the right places. It would go a lot faster if we didn’t hide our reading the instructions from Millie, but Gene is determined to not admit defeat to Millie. I don’t understand what the big deal is, but Gene tells me one day I’ll understand.  
During the rest of the week, Gene and I get the train set together. The plan is that Gene and I will get it put together, and my dad and I will put it where it needs to be. Millie and Gene spend as much time as they can bonding with James and visiting with Emma. We are stationed in New York, and our parents live in Florida. We all know it will be awhile before they see us again. Once they leave on Sunday, my parents will be here the following week. I am scheduled to return to work on Monday. These two weeks that I have been off have flown by. 
I return home from taking Emma’s parents to the airport to find James and Emma sound asleep in our bed. I shower and climb into bed with them. Emma is very firm about us not sleeping with James or holding him for too long. She doesn’t want him to be dependent on sleeping with us or being held. I, on the other hand, want to sleep with him and hold him during all my free time.  
Once I am in bed, I just stare at the both of them. He reminds me so much of her. They even sleep in the same position; on their side with their arm draped over their eyes. I smile and just watch them. I can never get enough of him or her for that matter. She is the love of my life. I get the camera and snap several pictures of them. When I get deployed, I plan on taking a photo album with me.  
I remember the first time I saw Emma; she was sitting on a park bench reading. She was wearing a floral sundress and white sandals. Her long blond hair was pulled up into a high ponytail. It was a Saturday afternoon nearing the end of summer. I was there playing basketball and just finishing up a game when I noticed some punk harassing her. I walked over to her and I could see fear in her eyes. I heard him saying how sexy she looked in her dress and what he wanted to do to her sexually. He added how good he can make her feel. I wanted to beat him to a pulp, but instead I walked up to them and smiled my all-American smile at her and told her I didn’t know the game was going to last that long and that I was sorry for keeping her waiting. She smiled shyly and stood up from the bench with her book in hand. I stood tall, squared my shoulders, rolled my neck side to side then balled my hands into a fist. I stood in front of the scared girl and looked at the punk and asked him did he want something. He shook his head and walked away. I walked the nameless girl to her car and watched her drive off. We didn’t exchange names or phone numbers. I wanted to, but after her encounter with the creeper, I didn’t want to appear to be a creeper myself.  
The following week at school, I was surprised to see the nameless blond in one of my classes. She saw me in the back of the room and smiled immediately. I knew when I first saw her that she was someone special. She never wore makeup and she didn’t need to; she was just naturally beautiful. She came up to me and thanked me for helping her that day in the park. We started having lunch together and I would walk her to most of her classes. The more time I spent with her, the more I liked her. And the more time I spent with her, the more I realized that she was incredibly beautiful and that her beauty was the least interesting thing about her. 
Emma has the same first name as Emma Peel, the character Diana Rigg played for two years on the British cult TV show The Avengers. The producers wanted a sexy woman to replace the sexy actress Honor Blackman, who left The Avengers to play the character Pussy Galore in the Bond movie Goldfinger. In fact, the producers put a lot of thought into Diana Rigg’s character’s name: Emma Peel = M Appeal = Man Appeal. I think that Emma, my wife, has a lot of man appeal. 
A few months later, I was running late to meet her for lunch. I was running down the sidewalk towards the restaurant as she was coming out. She dropped her shopping bag and bent over to pick it up. I was close enough to her to hear some creeper say, “Hey baby, mind bending over again? I wasn’t quite ready.” The creeper is holding up his cell phone to take a picture. “Hey, jerkoff, take a picture of this!” Emma told him, holding up her middle finger.  
I yell for her so she knows I am here. “Someone picking on you, Em?” I ask. 
The creeper leaves. Quickly. 
“Not anymore,” she says, smiling.  
James stirs and Emma wakes immediately. I am lying on my side, beside them, and just watch. She attends to James before she even notices I am watching her.  
“Hi.” 
I bend down to kiss her. “Hi, yourself.”  
“What are you doing?” she asks, picking James up and positioning him for his feeding. 
“Watching my two favorite people sleep.” 
“Nothing better to do with your time?”  
“No, there is nothing better to do than to watch you and our son.” 
“Would you mind getting me a diaper and wipes? 
I’ll be right back.” I get up from the bed and walk out of the room. 
“And get a burp cloth, too, please.” 
“Anything else while I’m up?” I ask, poking my head back into the bedroom. 
“I could use some water, if you don’t mind.” 
“Water, wipes, diapers, and a burp cloth, got it. Be right back.” 
Later in the week, my mom and dad come to visit for a week and they automatically fall in love with James. Dad and I put James’ train set up in his bedroom. When I was a little boy, I had a train set that ran around the perimeter of my bedroom just below the ceiling on the wall. It took some time but we got the train track shelf mounted to the wall and the train runs perfectly and continuously around James’ room. James is too young to appreciate this train set, but when he gets older, he will love it. Emma let me decorate his nursery in trains. She wanted some little fuzzy bears, but she eventually and reluctantly agreed to the train theme.  
“Son, it looks wonderful,” my dad says as his eyes travel around the room. 
“Wow, Max, I can’t believe it, but it looks great,” Emma says, walking further into the nursery.  
“This is just like the one Max had as a little boy.” My mom smiles in appreciation.  
Mom is holding James and we are looking around the room at the moving train. 
I look around the room and think, This is a great-looking nursery.  
“James, do you like your bedroom?” Emma asks as she turns him around to see everything. He is still too small to know what’s going on, but he looks up towards the ceiling at the lights.  
We all sit down at dinner and have mom’s homemade potato soup with bacon and cheese topping.  
“I forgot how good this soup is, Cheryl,” Emma says, spooning more soup into her mouth.  
“Thank you, Emma.” 
“Mom, you outdid yourself,” I say, scraping the bottom of my bowl. 
“Max?” my dad asks seriously. 
“Sir?” My dad is a retired Army Command Sergeant Major. I always answer him with respect.  
“Did you find out what the meeting is about tomorrow?” 
I look around the table. Emma looks up at me and stops eating. My mom also looks at me with concern. “No, I haven’t heard anything. I guess I’ll find out tomorrow.” I smile at my mom and then at Emma. I don’t want either one of them to worry.  
“Max, what do you think it’s about?” Emma asks, and I can hear the crack in her voice. 
I look into her big, clear, blue eyes. “Em, it’s probably about stepping up security on base or something like that. I don’t want you to worry about it.” 
Emma looks away, breaking eye contact with me. That is a clear sign that she is going to worry. We have troops doing a tour of duty in the Middle East, and there is talk of sending more over to help them out.  
“Em?”  
She slowly looks up and doesn’t say anything. I can see the sadness and worry in her eyes.  
I say, “Don’t worry, we don’t know what the meeting is about. There’s no need to worry.” 
She nods. “If you’ll please excuse me,” she says, before standing and taking her bowl into the kitchen. 
“I’m sorry, son. I didn’t realize she was that worried.” 
“Danny, of course, she’s worried. It’s hard being an Army wife. All she does is worry about him,” mom says.  
“Mom, dad, please excuse me.” I stand and walk into the kitchen where Emma is standing at the window looking outside at the two deer in the backyard. I walk up behind her and wrap my arms around her. She leans back into me and rests her head on my chest.  
“I’m sorry, he didn’t mean to upset you.” 
“He didn’t, I worry anyway.” Emma turns around and looks up at me. She is only 5’3” and is significantly shorter than me. I look down at her and smile. “Max, when your four years are up, I want you to get out of the service, move back to Florida, and raise James around our family.”  
“Emma?” 
“Max, no, you listen to me. When we got married, you said you would enlist for four years. You have two years left. I don’t want to be here and have to worry about you and what kind of training you are doing today or tomorrow, or the next day. I don’t want to know what kind of weapons of mass destructions are in the world. I don’t want to have to worry if you’ll be home tonight or if you won’t be home at all.” 
I look at Emma and I can see her pain. Her eyes are always so honest; they reveal the truth of her thoughts. Her lip quivers, her eyes well up with tears, and her fair-skinned face instantly becomes blotchy. I hold her and wrap her safely into my arms.  
“I’m sorry, Em.” 
She shakes her head. I bend down to kiss her soft smooth hair. She smells like James. I close my eyes and picture my perfect family. “All right,” I say.  
She slowly looks up at me with tear-stained cheeks. “Really? Do you mean that?” 
“I do, I only want you and James to be happy. In two more years, we’ll pack up and move back to Florida.”  
“You won’t change your mind?” she asks, hesitantly.  
“No, if that’s what you want. We’ll move back to Florida.” 
“Oh, Max. Thank you.” 
“Em, I just want you and James. I don’t care where we are, as long as I have you two by my side.” I smile and say, “Always and forever.” 
Emma smiles, too, and says, “Forever and always.”  
We both laugh. Mom and dad walk into the room. “What is so funny?” my dad asks. 
“Your son — he can never get our saying right.” Emma pulls away from me and wipes the tears from her cheeks.  
“Emma, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize the mention of the meeting tomorrow would upset you. That was very inconsiderate of me. I didn’t mean to ruin your dinner,” my dad says. 
“Danny, it wasn’t you. Since I had James, I am just one big emotional wreck. These hormones are going crazy,” Emma says, wiping her cheek and straightening her hair with her fingers.  
“Please accept my apologies. I didn’t mean any harm.” 
“I know that. Do you want to hear some good news?” Emma beams. 
“We would love to,” my dad says, standing tall and confident beside my mother.  
“We are going to move back to Florida in two years. You guys will get to watch James grow up.” 
My father doesn’t say anything, but my mother runs over and hugs Emma. Having been a military wife, my mother can relate to Emma’s concerns and worries. “Oh, Emma, I get to be near my grandbaby. This is wonderful news.” 
I step away from Emma and walk into the living room to get James from his bassinette. As I expected, my father follows me. “Have you thought this through, Max?”  
I lay James down to change his diaper then look up at my father. “I have. Emma worries non-stop about me and I want to be involved in my son’s life.” 
“Max, the military can offer you and your family a great living and unlimited free education, and you can travel and see the world at no cost to you.” 
“Dad, I know that. I want all those things for my family. I would do anything for Emma and for James. Please try to understand, and I mean no disrespect to you or the military. I have a wife I love more than myself and a son I would kill for. I just want to be with them. I don’t want to look back on my life in 20 years and wonder where the time went. I don’t want to count how many of my son’s birthdays I missed.”  
My dad stands tall without slouching and squares his shoulders. “I’m sorry. I wanted to be there for you and your mother.” 
“No, Dad, it’s fine. You did what you thought was right and it worked out for us as a family. We had a good military life and I had a great childhood because we did travel and move a lot. I saw some amazing places and met some amazing people. But now, I want to do what Emma and I feel is right for our family. I hope you can understand that.” I look at my dad and add, “I want to be home with them and be present in James’ life. I’m not sure the Army is right for me to do that. I love being a soldier and I will miss it, but I will miss seeing James and Emma more.” 
Dad walks over and sits beside me on the couch. “I have always been proud of you, but I don’t think I have ever been more proud of you than I am right now.” 
“Thank you.” 
At that time Emma and mom walk into the room smiling.  
“Two years will fly by in no time,” mom says.  
“Look at what has happened in the last two years. We got married, joined the service, got pregnant, and became parents,” Emma says, looking at me, and then she looks at our son. “I guess time does fly.” 
Later that night, I am unable to sleep. I am surprised to see my dad sitting at the dining room table. “Can’t sleep either, huh?” I ask.  
My dad is already dressed and I wonder if he is up for the day. 
“I was hoping to have a chance to talk to you in private,” my dad says, looking up from his coffee cup. 
“I was wanting to talk to you as well,” I say, taking a seat across from him. 
“I just wanted to make sure you are ready for your deployment.” 
“Well, I think I have everything I need.”  
“Are you mentally ready? Are you ready to go over there and fight for your country?” 
“I am. I love Emma and James more than anything in this world. The Army has informed us of the dangers that invade the Middle East at present. I plan to go over there and do what I have to do to protect Emma and James and my country, but I also plan to come home alive when it’s done and over with.” 
My dad nods and drinks the rest of his coffee. “Well, it sounds like you have it all worked out. I am very proud to call you my son.” 
“Thank you. I need you to do something for me while I’m gone. I know they said the deployment would be in six months, but I think you and I both know what the meeting will be about tomorrow.” 
“An earlier deployment. Go ahead, I’m listening.” 
“I need you to make sure Emma and James are taken care of while I’m gone.” My dad nods but doesn’t say anything. “I increased my life insurance policy the other day, and if something happens to me I want you to make sure that Emma and James get every benefit from the Army they are entitled to.”  
“Son, I will. Don’t worry about her and James. If the time comes for those things, I won’t let them fall through the cracks.” 
“Thank you. 
Emma
Max went to work today at 6:00 a.m. and I am staying home with his mom and dad. His dad actually left with Max this morning and was going for his morning run. Danny is so disciplined; even out of the service, he still acts and looks like a soldier. He has the best posture of anyone I have ever seen. Cheryl, Max’s mom, makes breakfast and has it on the table precisely at 8:00 a.m. I am certain this is a routine that has been around for a long time.  
Danny comes in from his run and showers, and Cheryl has the food ready for him when he comes downstairs. I join them at the table and nibble on some toast and ask Danny about his exercise routine.  
Danny explained to me, “I get up, I go to the bathroom, I go for a run. If I don’t go for a run immediately after I get out of the bathroom, then running doesn’t get done. Therefore, I go for a run immediately after I get out of the bathroom — I don’t even have coffee first.” 
Cheryl replied, “While Danny runs, I stay at home and do my aerobic exercise.” 
“She means that she gets back in bed and snores,” Danny said. 
“Snoring is aerobic exercise," Cheryl joked. “I figure that as long as I am alive and breathing without the help of a machine, I am working out.” 
“Actually, Cheryl prefers to do yoga and exercise in the afternoons with her Tamilee Webb DVDs,” Danny said. “Both of us know that if we take care of ourselves in our sixties, we are much likelier to have healthy seventies.” 
After breakfast Cheryl helps me bathe James and once I am ready, we head out to Alexandria Bay for some sightseeing. I know this is Danny’s attempt at taking my mind off the meeting Max’s platoon and their leaders are having.  
Cheryl knows it is a lame distraction, but she goes along with it. I also go along with it. Danny is trying so hard. Getting out and seeing Alexandria Bay and having lunch on the water is very nice. It’s March and still cold in upstate New York. We visit a lot of the shops and mostly sightsee from within the buildings. If this were mid-summer, we would be able to take a boat ride and visit some of the many islands and old castles that surround Alexandria Bay.  
We stop by the store before heading home, I want to grab something special to make Max for dinner. I know Max well enough to know that if today was stressful for me, it was also stressful for him.  
Max comes home from work with a smile on his face. He is still wearing his Army fatigues and combat boots. He greets his parents warmly before walking over to James and me.  
“I have missed you.” He smiles and bends over and kisses me. 
“And we missed you, too,” I say, kissing him back. 
“It smells delicious in here. Seafood?” he asks, kneeling down in front of me. 
“I decided on a clam bake for dinner.”  
“You brought Florida to us?” He smiles as he strokes James’ soft cheek. “Do I have time to shower?” 
“If you hurry.” 
“Good, I’ll be right back. I love you,” he saying, smiling at me, “and you, too,” he says, kissing a sleeping James. 
I smile from a sitting position and watch Max walk up the stairs, taking them two at a time. Once he is out of sight, I place James in his bassinet and walk into the kitchen. I check the two pots of boiling water and add some final ingredients and seasoning. I even bought strawberries for Max’s favorite dessert, strawberry cheesecake.  
Cheryl comes into the kitchen to offer her help. We set the table with a white lace tablecloth and white tapered candles. I step back and look at the table. It looks beautiful. Once Max comes down from his shower, Cheryl and I get the food out on the table. I can see from the corner of my eye Danny and Max talking. I know they are talking about the meeting he had at work today. I also know Max won’t talk about it with me until he is ready. I worry, but I try to put a smile to my lips. 
We sit around the round table and everyone holds hands for the grace. Once Danny finishes the prayer, we begin to eat. 
The boiled red skin potatoes, corn on the cob, clams, crab legs, and boiled shrimp are all laid out on a beautiful white platter. Cheryl even made homemade cornbread, another of Max’s favorites.  
“Emma, this is delicious,” Max says, wiping the melted butter from his hands.  
“She is a wonderful cook, son,” Danny says, breaking a crab leg with his hands.  
“Please, all I did was boil water and throw everything into the pot,” I laugh, because it’s the truth. “Your mom made the cornbread from scratch. She’s the real cook.” 
“Mom, as you already know, this is my favorite. Em, I’m gonna need you to start making these once they leave.” 
“Um, Max, not gonna happen,” I say. And we all laugh. “If you’re lucky, she’ll make some and freeze it for you before they leave, tomorrow.” 
“Mom?” Max asks, looking at her with a sad face. 
“I already did, Max, there is enough to get you by for the next few weeks.” 
Max looks over at me and smiles. He is such a momma’s boy. That explains why he is such a great husband. Any man who loves his mother will treat his wife with a great amount of respect. Before marrying someone, you should watch how he treats his mother. 
“Thank you, Mom.” 
“Let me know when that’s gone and I’ll overnight you some more.” 
“Thank you, and Em, you’re off the hook this time.” He smiles. 
We eat and nothing is mentioned about the meeting. I don’t mention it, but I make eye contact with Cheryl throughout dinner and I know she is also covering up her concern. Once we have finished dinner, Cheryl and I clear the table and start a pot of coffee. Maybe he’ll say something when we have dessert.  
Max and Danny sit at the table with James and talk quietly. Danny holds James and rocks him side to side. Cheryl and I dish out the strawberry cheesecake onto dessert plates and pour the coffee into cups for everyone. Once we are all seated at the table, the atmosphere changes. There is an odd feeling that wasn’t there earlier.  
“What’s going on?” I ask. Usually I wait for Max to start a conversation about the Army, but today feels different. I look at Max, then at Danny and then at Cheryl. I can tell Cheryl feels it, too. 
“Max?” Cheryl says, reaching for her husband’s arm. He reaches out and takes her hand in his.  
I can’t look any longer. I close my eyes. My nose begins to tingle, and I can’t be certain why. No one has said anything, so why do I feel like crying? It’s too quiet, and it’s an eerie feeling. I open my eyes and stare into my lap. I can’t look at him, I fidget with the paper napkin I am holding. “You’re being deployed sooner, aren’t you?” 
I finally look around the table. His mother looks fear stricken, but his dad is expressionless. I reluctantly look over at Max and I already know. His face tells everything he is feeling. My big strong soldier wears his heart on his sleeves and his emotions on his face. Max never fears for himself but fears for me instead. “You are, aren’t you?”  
“Yes.”  
It’s the only thing I can hear. I know he is talking, but all I hear are mumbled voices in the far distance. I can’t tell who is talking and I just stare into space. My nose tingles and I rub it to try to make it stop.  
“When?” I ask and I don’t know if I interrupted them talking or not. No one says anything and I already know it’s soon. 
“When, Max?” I finally look over at him and he looks so sad. The tears fall onto my cheeks and I can’t see. I stand and he takes my hand and guides me to him. I sit on his lap and hug him. He wraps his large arms around me and I cry. When I finally pull away from him, I cup my hands to his face.  
“When do you leave?” 
“Friday, we leave on Friday.”  
“I thought you still had a few more months?” 
“It’s an emergency deployment. They need more troops over there sooner than they expected.” 
I hear a cry come from across the table and I know it’s his mother. I can’t look at her. As much as my heart is breaking, I can’t imagine how she feels. Her only son is leaving to fight a war in the Middle East.  
“But James is only three weeks old. You can’t leave now.” 
“I know, Em, I’m sorry.” 
Max also cups my face and I know it’s so I can’t look away. He gently rubs my earlobe and it brings a small smile to my face. I lean my head into his large hands.  
I clear my throat and try to find my voice. “Who all is going?”  
“Everyone in the platoon.” 
“Everyone?” 
“I’m afraid so.” 
“Emma?” Danny says in his deep, husky voice. 
I turn around and look at him. “Yes.” I try to stand up, but Max holds me tightly to him. 
“I know this is all new to everyone, but we are supposed to leave tomorrow to return to Florida. We can stay longer and help out with James. Max, do you know how long you’ll be deployed?” 
I didn’t think about that. I look back at him and wait for him to answer. 
“We have another meeting on Wednesday, and we’ll know more then.” 
I don’t totally believe him, but I don’t say anything.  
“Emma, you can always come back to Florida and stay with us or your parents during his tour of duty. Maybe we can even house hunt while he’s gone. The next two years will go by fairly quickly,” his dad says, still holding his wife’s hand.  
I look up at Cheryl and I can see hope in her eyes. I try to smile, but I am not sure I succeeded. I can’t make a decision of this magnitude right now. “No, don’t change your plans. Let me talk to the other Army wives and see what they are going to do.” I also think it all depends on how long his tour of duty will be. “Danny, thank you. That is definitely something for me to think about.”  
I get up from Max’s lap and walk over to get a sleeping James from Danny’s arms. I kiss him and hand him to Max. I want Max to spend as much time with his son as he can.  
The next day when Max gets off work he takes his parents to the Syracuse airport. I stay at home with James because it is an hour drive. I kiss and hug his parents goodbye and kiss Max. He lingers behind, and I know he doesn’t want to leave us.  
“Go, so you can hurry up and get back.” 
“Since you put it that way.” 
I walk them to the front door and keep the door closed until they are ready to go.  
“Emma, call us and let us know what’s going on,” his mother says while fastening her coat.  
“Ok, I will.” 
“Emma, we are only a phone call away. If you need anything, anything at all, call us,” Danny says as he hands Cheryl her gloves.  
“I know, and trust me, I’ll call you if I need anything, but I think we’ll be fine. Thank you and Max, you be careful and hurry home.” 
“I will, I love you.” He kisses me sweetly and I just want to stay in his arms. When he finally pulls away, I open the door for them and watch them leave. Max turns around and yells, “I’ll be right back.” I nod and wave before closing the door behind him.  
While they are gone, Brooke and a few other wives come over. We compare notes and talk about what we are going to do about the upcoming deployment. Some of the girls want to return home while their husbands are deployed and some want to stay on base and wait for them. The Army wives are a great support team and great friends. We all are going through the same things together, and it is good to have them to talk to.  
Later that night, Max and I lie in bed; the house seems empty now that his parents are gone.  
“Did you have a nice meeting with the ‘Army Wives’?” he asks, laughing. 
Not sure how he knew I had them over, I laugh, too. “How did you know I had our friends over? 
“One, I suspected you would want to talk to them about the deployment and two, the house smelled of Victoria’s Secret when I came home.” 
“They do like their body spray.” Smiling, I roll over on my side to get a better view of him. He is very handsome. Tall at about 6’0”, brown hair, deep-set blue eyes, high cheekbones, a chiseled jawline with a dimple in his chin. He is a provider, a protector, and a soldier.  
“I had them over to see what their thoughts were.”  
“About what?”  
“Well, depending on how long the deployment will be, some of them want to go back home and some want to stay here and wait it out.” 
“I see. What do you want to do?” he asks, without taking his eyes off mine.  
“This is our home, I don’t think it’s fair to take James from it. I am hoping it won’t be for long and you’ll be back very soon.” 
“You do have a great support team here,” he adds. 
“I do, and I am grateful for that. We have met some really wonderful people here.” 
“That, we have. I’ll know the details tomorrow and we can have everyone over on Thursday if you want.” 
“I think everyone will want to stay home with their own families the night before the deployment.” 
“I’m sure you’re right,” he says, smiling. “They are going to want to get their alone time in.” He scoots closer to me and kisses me sweetly.  
I moan and kiss him back.  
Max
I kiss Emma; she has the softest lips. I haven’t made love to her since before James was born. I was looking forward to the six-week checkup so we could get clearance and I could finally make love to my wife. With me leaving on Friday, I have no idea when I’ll be able to make love to her again. I cup her face with one hand and stroke her earlobe with my thumb and index finger. I can feel her smile on her lips during our kiss. She also has very soft earlobes that I love to touch. I remember our first date; she wore these small gold, diamond-studded earrings that sparkled in the light. It kept drawing my attention to her small ears. After our date ended, I leaned in to kiss her on her cheek and I touched her earlobe with my thumb and index finger. I think I have been doing that every day since then.  
“I’m going to miss you,” she mumbles.  
“Oh, Em, you have no idea. I know you’re not supposed to wish time away, but I can’t wait for the next two years to be over. I plan on spending every minute of every day making you happy. Always and forever.” 
“You already do, forever and always.”  
It’s Thursday night, the night before we leave for our seven-month tour of duty in the Middle East. Seven months! James will be crawling and sitting up the next time I see him. The Army gave us the day off, and Emma and I spent the day in with James. We go through some pictures, and Emma gets me a keepsake box ready to take with me. She selects some of our favorite pictures, anniversary cards, a small bottle of Baby Magic baby lotion and a postcard from our honeymoon in the Florida Keys, Key West.  
“Why the Baby Magic baby lotion?” I ask. 
“I don’t want you to forget what James smells like.” 
And I swear my heart breaks. I can never forget what James smells like. He smells like Emma. I have that smell embedded in my brain.  
We pack my bags and order pizza and salads in for dinner. 
That night, Emma lets James sleep in our bed. She has been very adamant about James sleeping in his own bed from birth. She knew from the beginning that she wanted us to have our alone time, no matter how much she wanted to be near our son. I admire her and her will. I would have just slept with him. Some nights I’ll sleep with him in the rocker after his late-night feeding. I tell her I fell asleep, but the truth is, I just don’t want to be apart from him. Other than Emma, he is the best thing that has ever happened to me.  
“It won’t be so bad. They have internet over there and we are allowed to skype once a week for fifteen minutes,” I say, hoping to ease her anxiety. 
“That’ll be nice,” she says, as she draws the infinity symbol on the palm of my hands. “You’ll be able to see James become a toddler.”  
I feel a tear fall onto my arm. I want to ease her pain, but I can’t. I want to cry with her and tell her I can’t live without her for the seven months I’ll be gone, I want to tell her all those things, but I can’t. If I fall apart, she will, too. I’ll hold it together until I’m out of her sight tomorrow, then I’ll let go of the rage I feel at the Army for taking me away from my family. For taking me away from this time with James that I’ll never get back.  
“I’ll be able to see him crawl and sit up on camera. The seven months will fly by and then when I get back, we can look for a house in Florida.”  
“Do you really think it will go by that fast?” she asks, uncertain that I am telling the truth.  
“I do; it’ll be hard to be away from you and James, but the Skyping every week will definitely help,” I say because it’s the truth. 
“Do you know about phone calls and mail?” 
“No, but as soon as I can I’ll let you know.” 
“I’ll write you every single day,” she says. 
“You may not get anything else done.” I smile and kiss her. 
The next day we are to meet my platoon members and their spouses at the main office on base. This is where our departure begins. We are heading overseas for our seven-month tour of duty. I am wearing my Army fatigues and Emma is dressed in a red, white, and blue patriotic dress. James is also decked out in his Army camouflage onesie and sweatpants the troops bought him. I smile. “Proud to be an American?” 
“Of course, and I am also proud of my soldier husband who is risking his life for his fellow Americans.” 
“You make me sound like a hero.” 
She saunters over to me, “Because you are a hero.” 
I wrap my arms around her and lift her up off the ground. “I thought I was your husband?” 
“Oh, you are definitely my husband and you are also a hero.” 
“I’m not sure about that, but I do like the part where I’m your husband.” 
“Me, too,” she says, kissing me. 
Once we are parked outside the main office, other platoon members start to pull into the parking lot. We remain in the car. I am holding James, who is snuggled up on my chest. Emma is cuddled up with us resting her head on my chest near James. I just close my eyes and pray for time to stand still. I don’t want to leave and I especially don’t want to leave my family behind.  
“Emma?” 
“Mmm.” 
I pull back away from her so I can see her. “Look at me.” She raises her sad face and it breaks my heart. “I want you to keep your cell phone with you every night and make sure it’s charged. If you hear a noise outside or in the house, I want you to hit the panic button on the key remote. The alarm on the car will sound, and if there is an intruder, it may scare them off.” She nods in understanding. “Stay in at night and keep the doors locked at all times.” I watch as a tear slides down her pale cheek. “If you need anything, you call Sgt. Chad Majors. He’ll help you with whatever you need. I already programmed all the important numbers into your phone.  
“You did?” 
“I did it last night while you were sleeping.” 
“I don’t want you to go.” 
More tears continue to slide down her pale cheek. “Em, trust me, if I could get out of it, I would. I love you and James so much. When we return I’ll be the first one off that plane and I want you there waiting for me wearing this exact same dress.” 
She chuckles and wipes away the tears streaming down her cheeks. “This dress?” 
“Yes, this is how I am going to remember you and when I see you, I want it to be just like this. You are beautiful and stunning, and you are my dream come true. I will love you forever.”  
“I will love you, forever and always.” 
“Always and forever.” I kiss her and inhale her and James’ unique baby scent. I swear I am trying to burn this scent into my brain although it is already there. I look up and I see the bus pull into the parking lot. This is the moment I have been dreading. The guys in the platoon and I already decided it would be easier for us if our wives and kids stayed in their cars today for our departure. Emma reaches for the door handle and I stop her.  
“No, stay here. I want you to stay in the car.” 
“Max, I want to see you off.” She does not understand why I don’t want her to get out. 
“Em, trust me. It will be so much easier for me if you stay in the car. Please.” 
She nods and I can see her eyes well up with even more tears. My platoon starts getting out of their cars and I know it’s time. “Stay here and when the bus pulls off, you can move into the driver’s seat, but wait until I’m out of view.” 
“Ok, I love you and you be careful.” She tries to smile but fails miserably. 
“I will and you do what I said. I don’t want to be over there in some desert worrying about you and my son. If anything ever happened to you or him, I swear I would go crazy.” 
“Max, don’t worry about us, I have us taken care of, but please, be careful and worry about you.” 
I lean over and kiss her as sweetly as I can. I love her more than myself. I kiss James and hug him as gently as I can. “Take care of your mother, and tell me if she has any other guys in the house,” I say, looking at James and smiling. 
“Greyson, let’s go.” I look up and everyone is already on the bus. I look around the lot and the families of our platoon are crying in their cars. Even the small kids are crying in their car seats. I kiss James once more and hand him to Emma.  
“Don’t worry about me, I love you and I’ll be back. Stay here until I leave.” 
She nods. I lean over and kiss her one last time. “I love you.” 
“I love you, too.” 
I get out of the car and get my things out of the truck. I head to the bus and turn around to look at her one last time. I smile my all-American smile and yell, “I love you, always and forever.” Then I wave goodbye to her before climbing into the bus. 
Chapter Two: Proud to be an American
Emma
I watch Max climb into the bus. I cry, although I try hard not to. I don’t look around at the other Army wives and kids. I can’t stand to see their pain. I hold James; he doesn’t stir. The bus begins to pull out of the parking lot, and I cry into James’ soft blanket. I see Max poke his head out of the small bus window and I smile.  
I wave to him and he yells, “I’ll be back and I love you always and forever.” 
I don’t say anything, but continue to wave. The lump in my throat prevents me from speaking. Once the bus turns the corner and they are out of sight, the other wives and I get out of our cars and walk with our children to the open area in the parking lot. We hug each other and cry. We all waited for the bus to pull off, as the guys requested, before we got out of our vehicles. I know it is as hard on them as it is on us.  
I have never been so grateful that Brooke and I share a duplex on base. We agree to have playdates for the kids, movie nights, and potluck dinners with the other girls. We vow to stick together and make the best of the situation. 
I drive the short distance home. James and I walk into our already too lonely and too quiet duplex. I’m not sure what to do without Max being home. I want to write him, but I don’t have an address to send a letter to him yet. I just saw him, but I already miss him.  
The door next door shuts, and I know Brooke and the boys are home. I bathe and feed James before taking a hot bubble bath. The sound from the television in the bedroom fills the otherwise silent house with a welcome noise. I loathe television, but Max loves it. Of course, I watch Breaking Bad, and Game of Thrones, and I Love Lucy, and Entourage, and Mad Men, and The Office — actually, I love television. 
I let my hair dry naturally and slip into a pair of sweats and one of Max’s hoodies. I inhale; it smells of him. I pick up James and take him downstairs. I sit on the couch with James and decide to read to him. My phone chirps that I have a text. I am so excited to see that it’s from Brooke. 
Brooke: Can we come over? 
Emma: Yes, I’m lonely. 
Brooke: I have a movie and pizza; be right over. 
Emma: Yay, slumber party. 
Brooke: Yep, for the next seven months. Lol! 
“James, we’re going to have a slumber party. Do you want to see your friends?” I ask in a baby voice that I’m sure I’ll be using a lot. I stand and wait by the front door for Brooke and the boys. When I hear them outside, I open the door wide for them. Braden walks in first, carrying a pillow and a sleeping bag, and then Brooke walks in, carrying Briley.  
“Can you watch them, and I’ll get the pizza from the house?” 
“Yes, of course.” 
She lays a sleeping Briley on the couch, and I put James in his bassinet after I kiss him.  
Brooke walks back in with a large pizza, a two-liter bottle of Mountain Dew, and some movies. I laugh and take the large pizza box to help her. Once she lays everything on the table, she looks at me and smiles.  
“I’ll be back, there’s more.”  
“Ok, I’ll get some plates from the kitchen and get Braden a piece of pizza.” 
Brooke leaves and I get the plates and cups from the kitchen. She returns, carrying a couple blankets and a pillow. 
“I bet you didn’t expect company tonight, did you?” 
“No, and I couldn’t be happier.” 
“Good, I figure you can expect us five nights a week, give or take,” Brooke says, laughing. 
I laugh, too.  
“Do you think the Army will frown if we knock out a wall and turn this duplex into one big house?” Brooke adds. 
“Oh, my God, that is an even better idea.” We both laugh. 
Brooke lays out a blanket in the middle of the floor and grabs the movie she placed on the end table.  
“What movie did you get?” 
“Bridesmaids. I haven’t seen it yet. Brice wouldn’t let me watch it when he was home. He hates chick flicks. So while he is gone, I plan to watch one chick flick a day.” She smiles.  
I have to smile at her humor. I know she is having a tough time with her husband being gone. “I haven’t seen it yet either, and I heard it’s hilarious.” 
Brooke sits Braden on the floor with his pizza and a sippy cup of milk. She also lays out a few easy-to-clean toys and soft plastic books for him to play with. She makes a smaller-sized bed further away and lays Briley down, kisses him, then covers him up. I put the movie in and sit on the couch with a blanket thrown over me. 
We eat the entire pizza and drink most of the Mountain Dew in the two-liter bottle. Once Braden is asleep, Brooke climbs up on the couch and cuddles under the blankets on the other end.  
We watch the movie and laugh so loud we wake the kids briefly. We laugh through the whole movie. Once the movie is over, Brooke and I clean up and I take James and head upstairs to bed.  
Brooke says, “If I knew that the movie was that raunchy, I would have made Brice watch it. He would have loved it, especially the food-poisoning scene.” 
“Max would have liked it, too, and Brooke, thank you. This is just what I needed.” 
“Me, too, tomorrow we’ll work on tearing this main wall out,” she says, pointing to the large wall that divides her place and ours. 
“Sounds like a plan. Good night.” 
“Good night, Boo. I love you.” 
I look over my shoulder at her and she automatically laughs. “Sorry, that’s what I tell Brice every night.” 
“I love you, forever and always. That’s what I tell Max every night.” I turn and start to walk up the stairs. 
“Emma?” 
I stop and turn around and look at Brooke sitting up on the couch.  
“I just wanted to thank you for letting us stay the night. I’m afraid….” 
Brooke stops talking, and I know what she was going to say. “Brooke, me, too. I guess we’ll be afraid together. I’ll see you in the morning.” 
Max and I agreed to not sleep with James. We didn’t want him to be dependent on sleeping with us, but I put James in bed with me tonight because I don’t want to sleep alone and because I want to feel close to Max. I wear Max’s sweatshirt to bed, because it smells just like him. I watch James sleep; he is beginning to look like Max lying there.  
I lean over and kiss James and tell him goodnight and I’ll love him forever and always. He smiles in his sleep and it makes me smile, too. Max would also smile. I know James is happily dreaming because he is smiling. He would be frowning if he had gas. I turn off the lamp, rest my cheek next to his small arm, and dream of the day that Max comes home and we are all three together again.  
James wakes up twice in the middle of the night for his feeding. He eats well and goes right back to sleep. It seems like that when Max was home the feedings took so much longer. Probably because Max would be so involved with changing diapers and burping James. I breastfed so I did the feedings most nights. Sometimes Max would want to feed him and we would have to use the milk I pumped earlier. 
I wake up at 7:00 am for the day. I sit up in bed and burp James. I hear the pitter-patter of small feet outside my bedroom door. When James is older, I will be hearing the pitter-patter of his little feet. A few rapidly passing years after that, I will be hearing the stomp-stomp of his big teenage feet. I left the door slightly cracked and Braden pokes his head in. I smile and say, “Good morning, Braden, want to come in and see James?” 
Braden walks in, carrying his small blanket and a bear in his other hand. I lift the covers so he knows it’s ok to get in bed with us. He tries to climb in our bed, but I have to help him. Once he is in bed with us, he smiles. “It’s wake-up time,” he says, looking out the window. 
I look out the window, too. “Yes, I guess it is. Is mommy awake?” 
“Mommy’s feeding bubby. Baby up?” 
I look down at James and he is looking around. “Yep, baby’s awake. You want to go down and see mommy?” 
“Yep, and bubby.” 
“Ok, lil guy, let’s go see mommy and bubby. Don’t forget your bear.” 
“Get baby,” he says, scooting down off the bed.  
“Be careful and I’ll get the baby.” We walk downstairs. Brooke is on the couch feeding Briley.  
“I’m sorry, Emma, I asked him not to wake you. I think he heard James.” 
“That’s all right, we were already up. Braden said it was wake-up time.” I smile. 
“He thinks whenever the sun is out, it’s wake-up time. Thank his dad for that,” she says, smiling. 
I kiss James before putting him in his swing. “Braden, are you hungry?”  
“No.” 
“Braden?” Brooke says sternly. 
“No, thank you.” 
“He doesn’t eat right away, Emma, but thank you.” 
“That’s all right, do you want to watch cartoons?” 
“Mommy, please?” 
I look at Brooke and she smiles. “For a little while, then you have to eat. On channel 36, SpongeBob should be on.” 
“Yay, ’pongeBob,” Braden says excitedly, clapping his hands.  
“SpongeBob it is for Braden, and coffee for me and Brooke.” 
“That sounds wonderful. Come on, fat man, I think you have had enough milk. I’m going to legally change your name to Milk Hog.” Brooke laughs, as she puts Briley down on the blankets that are still on the floor and spreads a few toys out for the boys to play with. She walks over and picks up James from his swing.  
“Good morning to you, too, Handsome,” she says, in a baby voice I am becoming all too familiar with. 
“Brooke, do you take cream and sugar?” 
“Yes, please.” 
When Brooke leaves to get ready for the day, I check my phone for messages from Max. Of course, there aren’t any yet. I look through my pictures on my phone and find some new ones that Max had taken the night before he left. They are selfies of himself making funny faces and acting like he is asleep and pictures of James. It brings a smile and a tear to my face. I am so happy to see them, but it reminds me of how much I love and miss him.  
I scroll through the videos on my phone, and I am shocked to see two new videos of Max. I play the first one and my nose begins to tingle. It was taped the night before he left and Max is in James’ nursery telling me how much he already misses me and how much he loves me. He tells me I am the best thing that has ever happened to him and how he will spend every day of his life making me happy and trying to be the man that I deserve. I cry and force myself to not feel sorry for myself. I miss Max, but he is the one who is giving up so much. He is my hero, although some soldiers hate it when people refer to them as heroes. Max says he has a job to do and it is no different from any other job. I disagree, but it doesn’t do any good. He is and will always be my hero. 
Brooke comes over for lunch, and while we are cleaning up she asks. “Emma, do you remember that day we went out to eat with the guys and they still had their Army fatigues on?” 
“The time when that older couple came up to Brice and Max.” I smile. 
“Yes, and they thanked Max and Brice for their freedom and told them they were heroes.” 
“What was that Max said to them?” I ask. 
“Using his southern accent, he said, ‘Thank you, ma’am. I’m just doing my job, I hope you both have a nice day.’” 
We both laugh loudly. “Max does have a sexy southern accent.” 
Later on that day, I watch the other video from Max. I was too emotionally upset to watch them both. The other video is to James. It’s Max reading him a bedtime story. My nose begins to tingle again and my eyes water. Max tells James how much he loves him and that he didn’t start living until he was born. He also adds that he loves James always and forever. I laugh and cry. Our saying is ‘forever and always’ but Max always messes it up. I hold my phone and lie on the bed and cry myself to sleep.  
Brooke
The next month goes by in slow motion. I haven’t spoken to Brice yet, but we heard from the commander they are starting to get internet service at the platoon’s location. If it weren’t for Emma and James, I would have returned to my home state of Oklahoma. Emma is a great friend and mother. We are living the same hell, and although I hate it for her I am grateful for me. I am living a nightmare with a wonderful girl, who is trying to hold it together for herself, James, Max, and for us. 
The boys and I have been staying with her and James five nights a week. We eat fattening foods and watch outrageously funny movies. It is exactly what I need and what she needs. In the first couple of weeks, I would fold up the blankets we slept on and take them over to my half of the duplex, but now I just fold them up and tuck them inside the coat closet. No need to take them to my house since I would just be toting them back over to her house in a few hours. 
We have had potluck dinners with the other Army wives every Sunday. It has been working out, and Emma and I realize others share our loneliness and concerns. We make the best of what we have here and are grateful for our friendship. Max’s parents and my parents plan on visiting next month. This will help with the loneliness we both share. James is starting to smile and coo — this has helped Emma to be in a better, a happier place. He is a good baby, and she is an excellent mother.  
After I leave the doctor’s appointment with Braden, I text Emma. 
Brooke: Movie night? 
I already know the answer and head to the Red Box to grab another comedy. 
Emma: Heck yeah, wanna watch Hangover?  
Brooke: You read my mind. Ice cream? 
Emma: I just bought stuff for sundaes. 
Brooke: Perfect, be home soon. 
I grab the movie Hangover and also the sequel, Hangover Two. It may be a night for a double feature; if it isn’t, we’ll watch it tomorrow. Because I have the kids in the car with me, I go to a drive through and get some snacks for us and some juice for Braden.  
I get what I need from my house and head over to Emma’s. The kids and I just walk in and I yell, “Honey, I’m home.” 
“We’re in the kitchen.”  
I take off the kids’ coats and follow the aroma of food into the kitchen. James is sitting in his swing batting his hands at a rattle.  
“It smells delicious in here. What can I do to help?” 
“Thanks, can you chop the tomatoes?” 
“Sure.” I bend over and talk to James who looks up at me and smiles. I kiss him before washing my hands to chop the tomatoes for the tacos. “I’m going to get fat, hanging out with you,” I say, laughing.  
“Good, it’ll teach Max and Brice to leave us again.” Emma smiles.  
“Double hot fudge sundae for dessert?” I ask. 
“Of course, then the gym tomorrow morning?” 
“For sure.” We both laugh, knowing that going to the gym is not going to happen.  
“Do they still offer childcare?” 
“How would I know? I’ve never been there!” I laugh as I chop the tomatoes.  
Emma’s cell phone rings and she runs to answer it. She walks into the kitchen with a smile. I hear her say I am right here and she’ll tell me. I assume it’s from the other Army wives. Emma hangs up and squeals. I smile and wait for her to say something. 
“They’re gonna call! They’re gonna call in about an hour!” she says, smiling ear to ear.  
It dawns on me what she is saying. “What, tonight, they can call tonight?” 
“Skype, they have internet, they can skype for 15 minutes each,” she squeals. Emma turns the meat off and covers it with the glass lid. She picks up James and smiles as she says, “Come on, lil man, daddy’s gonna call. We have to look all pretty for him.” 
“I’ll see you soon. Our prayers have been answered.” I walk with Emma and put the boys’ coats on them before leaving. 
Max
I sit in front of the computer in a makeshift office/tent waiting for it to come to life. It’s hot, sandy, and miserable. I thank God every day that my son and wife are safe. I miss them and just thinking about them helps me to get through these miserable conditions. I have had one hour to prepare myself to see Emma and James. I sit in front of the computer monitor and try to calm my racing heart. We had a care package donated to us with some much-needed hygiene items. I washed the dirt from my face and hands with the baby wipes provided in the care package. When they announced the internet was up and running and Jamison and I would be first, I fell to the ground and thanked my God. Jamison came over to me and asked me what I was going to tell Emma. I know what he is asking and as much as I hate to lie, today I will lie and smile for the first time. I can’t tell Emma that fear and misery loom near. I can’t tell her about the close calls we have had. I can hear the bombing behind me and I pray it remains at a distance. I also pray that Emma will not be able to hear the sounds of the war that is nearby. 
The monitor comes to life; I can barely see the grainy image of Emma. I smile and wait for the monitors and microphone to work. When I hear a baby cry, I know it is my son. The image becomes clearer, and I can see Emma rocking James. She looks beautiful.  
She smiles at the monitor and put her fingertips to the screen. I lean forward and also touch the screen. I can’t feel her, but our fingertips are touching the same place on the screen.  
“Oh, Max.” She begins to cry.  
I get a lump in my throat and I cough it away. “Emma, you look beautiful. How are you and James doing?” 
She removes her fingers and turns James around so I can see his face. He looks around the room until his eyes land on the screen. “Look at daddy, James. Do you see him?” He coos and I get choked up. 
“Hey, James, daddy misses and loves you so much.” He coos again and I smile a genuine smile.  
“How are you?” Emma asks. “You look thin, are you eating?” 
“I am, don’t worry about me. How are you?” 
“Good, your parents are visiting next week, James weighs 11lbs and 6oz., and Brooke sleeps over with the boys five times a week.” 
I smile when I realize how fast she just said all that. 
“Our son weighs over 11 pounds? Wow, he is getting big.”  
“He smiles and coos all the time. Max, he is such a good baby.” 
“Of course he is and my parents are visiting?” 
“Yes, they called and wanted to visit. I think they miss the baby.” 
“Good, if you need anything that needs done, have Dad do it while he is there. Get stocked up on groceries and have them watch James so you can get out of the house. Have lunch with your friends … wait, Brooke stays there with you and James with the boys five times a week? Should I be worried about Brooke spending so much time with my wife?” We both laugh when I realize how fast I am talking. “Sorry, fifteen minutes is going to go by quickly. I want to make sure I say everything to you while I can.” 
“I know. Me, too. It’s nice having them over; it is very therapeutic.” 
“I’m sorry, Em. I didn’t realize how hard this is on you … and James.”  
I hear more bombing in the distance and the computer screen flashes off and on. It takes a minute before the mic begins to work again.  
“Max, are you guys all right? We don’t have an address to send mail or care packages to you. When I ask, they just say they are working on it.” 
I am grateful she didn’t hear the bombing in the background. “I know, Em, That’s what they say when we ask, too. Maybe it’ll be this week or next.” 
“I hope so.” She bends over and reaches for something before coming back into view of the monitor. “I have all these I need to mail to you,” she smiles.  
I smile and reach into my pocket and also pull out a stack of letters for her. “I have these that I need to mail, too. We were advised today that they’ll be collecting mail tomorrow. First time since we got here. You and James will get all these all at once, I’m afraid.” 
“You wrote all those?” 
“One letter a day. I have missed you. Do you want to know what the good news is?” 
“Yes, please.” 
“In 22 months we’ll be moving back to Florida.” 
“That is great news, and it can’t come quick enough. I love and miss you so much.” 
I can hear more bombings and the computer shuts off. I wait for a few minutes before being instructed to take shelter.  
Emma
I wait in front of the black computer screen for I have no idea how long. I hear a knock at the door before I hear Brooke and the boys downstairs. I’m not ready to admit my time seeing Max is over. I remain seated on the bed with James and begin to nurse him. I cry as I wait for the computer screen to come back to life.  
Brooke enters the bedroom with tear-stained eyes. She is carrying both boys and climbs into the bed with James and me.  
“I wasn’t finished talking to him,” I admit. 
“I know. I wasn’t either. The screen kept going blank then coming back on,” Brooke says, rocking Briley back and forth. 
“Max looked thin. Do you think they are all right?” 
“Emma, I don’t know. I guess we’ll know soon. Brice said they are collecting mail tomorrow. So, with luck, we’ll have mail next week. Hopefully, we’ll get an address to mail their letters to them soon.” 
“Mommy, tacos?” 
I put on a fake smile and look at Brooke’s innocent hungry boy lying at the foot of my bed. “That sounds good; come on, I’m hungry too.” 
“Emma, you don’t have to. Stay here, we’ll stay at home tonight.” 
I smile at her, and close my computer. “We have tacos and a movie to watch. Let me burp the baby and I’ll help with the food.” 
The next week Max’s mom and dad return for a visit. I was going to pick them up at the airport, but they didn’t want me to drive that far alone with James. I am glad to see them when they pull into the driveway in a rental vehicle.  
They come into the house carrying bags and bags of groceries. I laugh because Max was worried about me being low on groceries and here they are stocking the house up with food. “Did Max tell you to bring food?” I say, laughing. 
“No, we haven’t heard from him, why?” his dad asks, shutting the trunk of the car. 
“Because when I talked to him last week, he wanted me to stock up on groceries while you were here.” 
"That’s our son,” Cheryl says, carrying the last few sacks into the kitchen.  
I hug them both and thank them. I walk over and pick James up from his Pack ’n Play; he has recently outgrown his bassinet. I hand him over to his grandma and he just looks at her. She smiles at him and she tears up. “He is getting so big and he looks more and more like Max,” she beams. 
Danny stands over her and nods in agreement. “He sure does.” 
“I think so, too, especially when he smiles,” I add.  
While they are here, we mostly stay in the house, although we go out to eat dinner a couple of times. I like to keep James home because it’s easier for me to watch him and I don’t want to expose him to all those germs, just yet. The doctor told me it’ll be good to expose him and it’ll help to build up his immune system. I’m still not ready for that.  
Max is scheduled to skype with us today so we have the computer set up on the dining room table waiting for him.  
Brooke’s family is also in town visiting. I haven’t seen much of her, but I know as soon as they leave we’ll fall back into our routine of eating fattening foods and watching funny chick flicks.  
The monitor comes to life and Max’s grainy image appears. I smile as we all crowd in front of the small monitor. I hold James as I stand beside Max’s mother. Max’s father stands behind us. His father doesn’t smile and stands tall and serious. I wonder what is going on in his mind. Max’s image appears clearly, and he smiles. I automatically place my fingertips on the corner of the screen. Max does the same.  
I cry and try to look away before he sees me.  
“Em, don’t cry, we are one week closer to being together.” 
I wipe the tears away and make myself smile. “I know, I just miss you.” James coos and everyone laughs. “James misses you, too.”  
I hear a noise and the screen goes grainy again. We stand there patiently waiting for Max to appear.  
“Was it like this last week?” Danny asks.  
I don’t take my eyes off the screen. “What?” I ask.  
“The noises and then the interference. Was it like this last week?” Danny asks.  
“Yes, but not as bad.” The screen comes back to life and Max looks thinner than last week. 
“Sorry about that,” Max says. “We are out in the middle of nowhere,” he adds. 
I hold James out for him to see. “Hey, daddy’s little boy. He is getting so big, Em.”  
“And strong, I can barely hold him still,” I say, trying to keep James from moving. 
 “How are you?” Danny asks. 
“Ok, I’ll be glad when it’s over,” Max says. 
“Do you need anything?” 
“No, we are getting a care package once a week and so far it has been enough. They are loaded with hygiene items and some other things; cards, socks and dental floss are the extras. I am very grateful to have them. They started collecting and sending out our mail last week. So far we haven’t received anything from home. The care packages are being donated from schools and churches from the U.S.”  
“We just got a mailing address and I mailed some letters, cards, and a care package from me and James,” I say. 
“Same with us, we just got the address a few days ago. Once you get everything, you should be all right,” Max’s mother adds.  
We hear another noise and the screen goes grainy again. We wait and his dad seems to tense up. “Emma, has Max said that they are in active combat?” 
“No, Danny, he hasn’t said that. Do you think that is bombing?” 
“Emma, I don’t know.”  
Max comes into view and I rush to tell him I love him and how much I miss him. He smiles and I can see the dark circles around his eyes. His mother sobs and I know she sees them, too.  
Max says, “Emma, I love you and James so much. If you need anything, you call Sgt. Majors or my Dad. They both will help you.” 
I nod because I can’t speak. The image comes in and out before the computer screen finally goes blank like it did last week. I stand there and pray it comes back on, although I know it won’t. James begins to fuss, and I go upstairs to change him. I am grateful for the small amount of alone time I have. I love seeing Max, but it takes a toll on me seeing him like that. 
I hear his mother walking up the stairs and shutting the bathroom door behind her. I hear muffled cries and I have to fight my own tears. My nose tingles, and I have to rub it to make it stop. I look over at James and he smiles at me. My son knows who I am and it’s the only joy I have right now. I change James and put him into his pajamas before heading back downstairs. Expecting to see Danny, I am surprised to find the downstairs empty. I lay a small blanket out on the floor and sit James in between my legs. I turn my phone on so Max can read his son a bedtime story. We have done this every night since I first found the recorded bedtime story that Max had recorded. I hold the book and point to the words as Max reads them. I am certain James’ favorite book will be Richard Scarry’s, Please and Thank You Book. I make sure Max reads it to James every night before bed.  
Once the story is over, I hear “Aww” behind me. I turn around. Max’s parents are standing there watching.  
“Oh, Emma.” They are the only words his mother says. 
I smile. “I can’t take the credit — Max did this when I was asleep. Max and I get to read James a bedtime story together every night.” 
“Max did this on his own?” Danny asks. 
“He did. I found it a couple days after he left.” 
“Danny did the same thing for Max when he was in the service,” Cheryl cries. “Of course, it wasn’t on a cell phone; it was on a voice cassette.” 
I hold a sleeping James close to me and kiss his small forehead. “Did Danny leave one for you, too?” I ask, already knowing the answer.  
“He did, mine was instructions about what to do if I needed anything,” Cheryl says.  
“Mine was, too,” I smile. 
Danny removes his phone from his pocket and excuses himself. He doesn’t wait for us to say anything before he heads outside.  
“I didn’t hear his phone ring,” I say, standing with James so I can put him to bed.  
“It must have been on silent. I didn’t hear it either.” 
I walk over to her so she can kiss James good night. “Are you all right? I heard you in the restroom earlier.” 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for anyone to hear that. As you can imagine, it’s very difficult seeing your son like that. I know Danny won’t admit that he is scared, but I’m scared. I just want my son home where he should be. Safe in his own home.” 
“Cheryl, please don’t be sorry. I’m scared and Brooke is scared, too. Six more months and it won’t come fast enough, if you ask me.” I reposition James in my arms, “All we can do is pray. Good night and I’ll see you in the morning. I’ll turn the covers down for you and Danny.” 
“Good night and sweet dreams. Please don’t fuss over those blankets. I’ll do it when we go to bed. Thank you, Emma, for listening to me. I didn’t mean to dump all my worries on you.” 
I start to walk towards the stairs. “You didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know. Good night, and please tell Danny good night for me.” 
I speak to Brooke only a couple of times during the week. She didn’t get good reception when she spoke to Brice the other day either. Her parents are leaving tomorrow, and she says that she’s relieved. Danny and Cheryl are supposed to leave in a few days, but Danny asked me if they could stay a few extra days. He said he wanted to talk to Max again before leaving. I can understand that, and I don’t have a problem with them staying. James loves having them here, and they are a huge help. I actually get to soak in a bubble bath when they are here. 
The mail comes and brings a mailbox full of mail. I laugh when I reach in and pull out all the envelopes with the flag border indicating U.S. Mail. It takes both of my hands to hold all the letters from Max. I carefully walk inside the house and toss everything on the foyer table. I look through the letters and some are addressed to Mr. James, Sir James, and Soldier James. I laugh. All of mine are addressed to Mrs. Max Greyson.  
I remove my coat and shoes and carry all the letters to the couch. Cheryl and Danny are taking James for a walk. It’s still cool outside, but it is finally warming up.  
I sort through the letters and I suddenly feel hope. Half of the letters are for me, some are for James, and a few letters are for Cheryl and Danny. I lay their letters off to the side and look over the letters addressed to James before opening a letter for me.  
I open a letter to me and tears immediately fill my eyes and blur my vision. My nose tingles and I rub it with my hands to try to get it to stop. I haven’t even read the letter, but I know it’ll make me cry. I tilt my head back and will the tears to stop. I begin to read.  
Emma, I hope you and James are holding up. I feel terrible for leaving you so soon after the birth of our son. I was hoping for more time with him and with you. I am forever grateful for the time I did have. I am also grateful for the once-a-week Skype time we have; although the reception is poor, it is far better than nothing at all. Please know how much I love you, and him. You both are my world, and there isn’t anything that I wouldn’t do for either of you. 
The Middle East is everything I thought it would be: hot and sandy. Nothing much is going on so we play cards and write letters in our spare time. The only saving grace is my platoon and the fact that my buddies and I are here together. It’s good to know they have my back and I have theirs. 
If you need anything, call Sgt. Chad Majors or my dad. When I get home, I plan to make up for the time I spent away from you and our son. Em, I love you always and forever and I will be back soon. Max.  
I hear the front door open and James squeal. I wipe the tears from my eyes and stand to greet them. I already know that my face is blotchy and my nose is red. Some days I hate being a blond, fair-skinned girl.  
“Emma, what’s wrong?” Cheryl says in a panicked voice. 
I hate that she scares so easily since Max is deployed. I put on a smile and look at the stack of letters from Max lying on the coffee table. “Max wrote a month’s worth of letters and they just came today. I put yours and Danny’s off to the side.” 
“Oh, thank God,” she says, taking James out of the stroller.  
I walk the short distance over to her and take James from her. “And daddy wrote you, too,” I say in the baby’s voice I use on a regular basis.  
“I’m glad they were able to get their letters mailed out,” Danny says, while folding the stroller up and putting it into the coat closet. He smiles at me and walks over to retrieve his letters from the coffee table. “I’ll be right back,” he says as he walks outside with his letters in hand.  
I have to smile because that is the same thing Max would say. Max always said, “I’ll be right back,” whenever he left. I watch as Cheryl also picks up her letters and heads to the dining room table to read them. I sit James on my lap and remove his coat and hat. He looks at me and smiles. “You want me to read one of your letters from Daddy?” 
I reach over and pick one up from the top of his pile.  
James, I would move heaven and earth if I could just be with you. Unfortunately, things happen and we must be apart. I love you and miss you to heaven and back. I work hard every day so I can see you for 15 minutes each week. Your smiles and coos keep me going to the next week. Every week that passes is one more week closer I am to being with you and your mother again. Son, I love you, always and forever, Daddy.
I decide I can’t read another letter from Max right now, although I have been waiting for them for weeks. His letters remind me of the pain he suffers being apart from us. I have been so wrapped up in my own sadness that I have forgotten about his. James squeals and it brings a smile to my face. “Did you like Daddy’s letter? Let’s get you fed and put down for a nap.” I look over at Cheryl — she is crying. I can feel her pain. I grab a box of tissues from the table and take them over to her before taking James upstairs to feed him. 
Later that night I lie in bed and read some of Max’s letters. I cry and smile at the same time. Neither Cheryl nor Danny shared their letters or the contents of their letters with me. I didn’t ask and they didn’t offer. Danny did ask if it would be ok if they stayed an extra week, and I invited them to stay as long as they want.  
I haven’t seen Brooke lately, but I know her parents are leaving to return home today. I text her to invite her and her sons to dinner.  
Emma: Did they leave? 
Brooke: Just left. 
Emma: Wanna come to dinner? Max’s parents are still here for another week. I could use some company, if you know what I mean. 
Brooke: Are you sure? Three extra people are a bit much. 
Emma: Of course I’m sure. I’ll be over to help you get the kids ready. 
Brooke: That’s ok. As soon as the baby wakes from his nap, we’ll be over. Thank you. 
Emma: That’s ok, Boo. I love you.  
I laugh at myself for some stupid reason.  
Brooke: Haha, very funny, and I love you, forever and always.  
Tonight for dinner, Danny and Cheryl offered to pick up dinner from the Tilted Kilt Pub and Eatery. Max and I love that place and often eat there with Jamison and Brooke. It’s funny I am friends with Brooke and the other Army wives and yet we each refer to the husbands by their last names. 
After dinner Danny and Cheryl leave, and Brooke and I have movie night with the kids. I have missed my time with her and the kids. I cuddle up with Briley while Brooke cuddles up with James as Braden cuddles in between us with his small blanket and his bear. Once the old Disney movie The Fox and the Hound is over, I help her carry her sleeping children the short distance to their side of the duplex. 
James and I go to bed and I leave the door unlocked for Danny and Cheryl. Max will call tomorrow and I find myself anxious for our skype time together. Our time last week was cut short, and I am hoping we have better reception this week.  
I fall into a restless sleep and dream of bombings, shootings, yelling, and minefields. I dream of soldiers being hit by flying debris and flying body parts. I dream of Max and his platoon being in trouble. I can’t see Max’s face, but I see the faces of the other soldiers in his platoon. I wake up to Cheryl sitting on the edge of the bed and I can hardly make out Danny in the hallway. The muted lighting makes it difficult to see.  
“It’s all right, Emma, it’s just a bad dream.” 
I cry into her and wonder whether it was really a dream. I try to calm my racing heart for my own sake and for hers. Once Danny sees I’m ok, he walks away. I lean back away from her and wipe the tears away with the backs of my hands. “I’m sorry, just a bad dream.” 
“Are you sure you’re ok?” 
“Yes, I’m fine. I didn’t mean to wake you or frighten either of you.” 
“Did you dream of Max?” she asks. 
“No,” I lie. 
She looks at me and searches my eyes, from one to the other. I know she is searching for the truth. I blink and look down at the covers on the bed so she can’t see the truth. I don’t want her to see I am afraid for the safety of her son. 
“Ok, good night, and I’ll see you in the morning.” 
“Ok, Cheryl, thank you. I’ll see you in the morning.” 
She slowly stands and walks out of the room, leaving my bedroom door slightly opened. I lie in bed and try to forget my dream. It was so real so why couldn’t I see Max’s face? I saw the faces of the other troops. I turn and lie on my side facing Max’s side of the bed. I scoot closer to his side and rest my head on his pillow. It no longer smells like him. Missing him more and more by the minute, I go into the closet and put on one of his t-shirts. I inhale deeply and smile. That’s better.  
I wake up and have an uneasy feeling. I shower while Cheryl bathes James for me. I want to spend a little extra time on my hair and makeup today. I know when Max calls we usually have a grainy image, but I am hoping it’ll be better today. I am also hoping he looks better this week than last week. I dress James and me in red, white, and blue to show our support for our #1 soldier. I make sure James is fed and changed before our skype time with Max. More than any other time, I need this time with him. The dream last night was and is very unsettling. Danny gets the computer set up and we wait for it to come to life. Danny is standing behind us and Cheryl and I are sitting in front of the screen in chairs. James fusses and I look at the time. Max is three minutes late. This is only our third skype time, but he has always been so punctual. I stand and bounce James while pacing the room. Something doesn’t feel right. The hair on my arms stands straight up, and I shiver for no reason at all.  
“What time is it?”  
“8:07,” Danny answers. 
“He’s seven minutes late. He’s not going to call.” 
“Emma, don’t say that. Sometimes they have problems with the reception,” Danny says. 
I take James and walk over to Brooke’s side of the duplex. I knock before walking in. I know she also has skype time with Jamison at the same time I have with Max. I scan the room and see her and the boys sitting on the couch together. “Did he skype yet?” 
“No, we are still waiting.” She holds up her laptop to show me it’s blank. 
“Max hasn’t skyped us either; just checking, sorry.” 
“Are you all right?” 
“Yes,” I lie before shutting the door behind me. I walk back into the house and Danny is on his phone pacing the room. “Jamison hasn’t skyped Brooke and the boys yet either. It must be interference,” I say, not believing that myself.  
I walk James from one end of the room to the other. I kiss him and rest my lips on his fuzzy head. I hum to him and he goes to sleep. Cheryl doesn’t move from the computer screen and Danny talks softly to someone on the phone. My mind races and I can’t think of anything else. I say my silent prayers and pray Max and his troops are safe. The hair on my neck stands up and I already know something is wrong.  
I excuse myself and walk upstairs with James, before putting him to bed. I dress in Max’s sweats and tee shirt for bed and watch the video Max made for me over and over again. I replay his saved voice messages and laugh when he tells me he loves me, always and forever. He never did get our saying right.  
I get our pictures out from the top of the closet and look at them. He is so handsome and strong. His smile is as big as his heart. Max loves with his entire heart. I know people say that men are afraid to love with their whole heart because they are afraid of getting hurt, but not Max. He loves me with everything that he is as a man.  
I fall asleep and wake up to a crying baby. I pick up all the pictures that are now scattered across my bed, change James, and sit up in the rocking chair in the nursery feeding him.  
The next few days go by with no word from Max. Danny runs every morning and Cheryl and I do yoga and exercise to Tamilee Webb DVDs every afternoon. Danny spends a lot of time on his cell phone talking to I have no idea who. A knock sounds at the door, which Danny opens. I walk up behind Danny thinking I am going to see Brooke and the boys standing there. Instead I see Captain Stewart, Chaplain Newman, and Sgt. Majors standing there with sad looks on their faces. I shake my head and back up from the door. “No, God, no. Please tell me it’s not true. God, please tell me it’s not Max.” 
“May we come in, Mrs. Greyson?” the Captain asks. 
“Danny? What is this about?” Cheryl asks Danny and not the three men standing in the doorway.  
I back up until my legs hit the couch. I sit down, but I can’t hear what is being said. I see Cheryl raise her hands to her face and cry. Danny reaches out to hold her and I can see tears fall onto his cheeks. I watch the events unfold but I can’t hear what they are saying. Why can’t I hear anything? 
Brooke scoots past the three tall men, who are still standing in the doorway. She and the boys come over to me, and she holds my hand. Tears now blur my vision, and I can no longer see what is going on. I can hear everyone crying. I listen and they say there was a booby trap and that Max was killed instantly. I shake my head not believing what I am hearing. I sit on the couch feeling numb. They are here to tell me Max isn’t coming home, that Max is never going to come home again.  
I stand on shaky legs. I need to walk over to them, but my legs refuse to move. Brooke stands with me and holds my hand. Through blurred vision, I see the three men walk over to me.  
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Greyson. We wanted to confirm it to make sure it was indeed Sgt. Greyson before contacting you. We plan to have Sgt. Greyson’s body flown here in the next few days. We’ll be in touch with you about what you have decided about funeral arrangements.” 
The rest of what happens that day is a blur. I don’t even remember going to bed. 
“Em, Emma, wake up.” 
I blink a few times and smile. Max is lying beside me on the bed. He smiles and his clear blue eyes are beautiful. “You’re here?” 
“I am, I have missed you.” He says leaning over to kiss the tip of my nose. He gently caresses my earlobe like he always does. I love you so much.” 
“I love you and I have missed you. I had a terrible dream.” 
“I know, Em, I just came by to make sure you and James are all right.” 
“How long are you staying for? Your mom and dad are still here.” 
“I know, I saw them. James is getting so big. He looks just like you.” 
“I think he is handsome like you.” I lean over and touch Max’s scruffy face. 
“Em, if you need anything, I want you to ask my dad or your dad. Don’t be afraid to ask them; they will want to help you. And please, tell James how much I love him.” 
“I love you,” I say, trying to memorize every word he says. 
“I love you, always and forever?” He smiles at me. 
“Forever and always,” I correct. 
I wake up to the sound of people talking. I look at Max’s side of the bed and it is untouched; he hasn’t been here. The pain in my chest tells me that Max is gone. I have no idea how much time has passed since I heard the devastating news of Max’s death. I remember Max visiting me in my dream and I close my eyes and try to remember what he was saying to me. I hear the sound of faint footsteps outside my bedroom door.  
“Emma?”  
I don’t answer, I don’t want to see anyone. The door creaks as someone opens it. I close my eyes and act like I’m still asleep. I just want to be left alone. 
“Emma?” Max’s mother says in a sad voice. 
I slowly roll over and the devastation is apparent on her face. Her eyes are dark and swollen and without sparkle. She is carrying a tray of food.  
“Emma, I brought you some soup.” 
“I’m not hungry.” 
“Sweetie, you have to eat. Please try to eat some soup.”  
Brooke slowly walks into the room carrying James. My heart breaks a little bit more, if that is even possible. James sees me and let out a squeal. My son, our son, I think to myself.  
I sit up straighter in bed and reach my arms out for James. I smile for the first time in … I have no idea how long, hours, days, I’m not sure.  
“Emma, you need to eat, if you want to continue to nurse him,” Cheryl says.  
“You’re right. How long has it been?” I say taking my too-happy son from Brooke.  
“Just a day.” 
Just a day? I think. I feel years older. 
“I’ll feed him first, then I’ll try to eat something. Thank you.” James latches on quickly and I realize how much I have missed bonding with him. His daddy is gone and he will never know him. Both our lives have changed and he doesn’t even know it.  
“Your parents are at the airport; Danny went to pick them up.” 
I nod because I can’t say anything. I didn’t call them, and I don’t remember anything after hearing the news of Max’s death. I watch James eat and I play with his fuzzy hair. I can see Max in him more and more every day. I am grateful our son will look like his handsome father.  
The next week we prepare for Max’s memorial. His parents needed to identify his body after it arrived from the Middle East. I went with them to the morgue, but I couldn’t bring myself to go back with them to identify him. The military informed us about the condition of Max’s body in an attempt to prepare us for the worse. 
Brooke was a huge help. She cooked and cleaned, and she kept James for me when I couldn’t climb out of my own personal hell to tend to his needs. I remember people in and out of the duplex, but I can’t remember who and what was said. I remember lots of food, flowers, and cards. I also remember feeling alone and isolated in a room full of family and friends.  
The memorial service in Fort Drum was very decorative. All the military was dressed in their dress blues. There was a 21-gun salute and a release of three white doves, as requested by his mother. 
Brice
“Stay here, I’m going in,” Greyson states. 
“We’re going in, too,” I say, following close behind him. 
“Stand down and cover me, Jamison.” 
“Greyson, darn it. We are all going in. We are in this crap together.” 
“I said to stand down and cover me, Private. That’s an order.” Sgt. Greyson, yells, ducking while running into the condemned and dilapidated building. 
“Darn it, Greyson, don’t be a freaking hero,” I yell, but he is already out of view. Lanford, Snider, Poland, Mahoney, Wagner, Wilson, and I all stay behind and cover him. We remain still, hidden behind some bushes and look around for the enemy. My heart races and my palms sweat. I swear I can feel my pulse beating in my neck. We wait and after several minutes I decide to go in. “Screw Greyson and his orders. I’m going in, cover me.” I take a step forward and that’s when the explosion goes off. The sound is deafening and the debris from the building hits many of the members in the platoon.  
When the smoke finally clears, I see that the building Max entered is on fire. Someone calls for help on the radio while the other troops administer first aid to those injured. I run into the building that Max entered and stop only when I see his lifeless body. “No!” I scream.  
That is how I remember his death.  
We are one week post Greyson’s death and the Army has arranged each of the platoon members to call home. Mahoney was sent to an Army hospital due to the severity of his injuries. They also arranged for us to get some counseling for P.T.S.D.: Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. We were all present when Greyson ordered us to stand down so he could enter a condemned building to check for its safety. I will never forget that dreadful day and I will never be able to thank or repay Max Greyson for his selfless actions. If we all had entered that building, none of us would have survived that bomb. 
“Hello, Brice?” Brooke asks on skype. 
“I’m here, Sweetie.” 
“Oh, thank God. Brice, are you all right? Are you coming home? God, I miss you,” she cries. 
“Brooke, I’m ok. I love you, and I miss you and the boys so much.” 
“Are you coming home?” 
“No, Sweetie, we won’t be home. When is Max’s funeral?” I ask, trying to hold in the sobs. 
“Oh, Brice, Max is gone. Emma is a wreck. James won’t even know his dad.” She sniffles. 
“I know, Sweetie. We were there. Do you know when the funeral is for him?” 
“In two days, they are having a memorial for him in two days. It’s so sad. Emma just stares out into space; she doesn’t eat or drink. I want to be there for her, but I don’t know how to be. Are you safe? I just want you to come home.”  
“Sweetie, just being there with her is good enough. I’ll be home as soon as I can. Brooke, my time for skype is up. I love you, and I miss you and the boys so much.” 
“I love you, too. Be safe and hurry home.”  
Chapter Three: Four Years Later
Emma
“Emma, this is the last box,” my dad yells from the empty foyer. 
I walk up to him and smile. “That box goes in the kitchen.” 
I follow him through the maze of boxes leading into the kitchen. “That’s everything,” Danny says, following behind us. 
I laugh and say, “I forgot how much stuff we had.” I look around the small three-bedroom, two-bathroom house I just bought.  
After Max’s death, James and I returned to Florida. I have been staying with my parents and have recently graduated college from the University of South Florida College with a degree in business. I decided it was time for me and James to move out and to be on our own. Danny, Cheryl, mom, and dad have been wonderful in helping me with James and for offering emotional support. Without them, I’m not sure I could have done it, or held myself together.  
Max’s death has taken its toll on everyone. He died a hero and we are so proud of that. We later learned that Max volunteered to enter a building to check for its safety before his troops went in. That was when the bomb went off, killing Max instantly. The first year, after his death, is a blur. We had him cremated as he wished and had a memorial for him in Fort Drum, New York, and another memorial for him in his hometown of Sarasota, Florida. 
After Max’s death, I got insurance money for me, and James got money from another insurance policy Max had set up. James will have access to his money on his 21st. birthday. I also received some military benefits because of Max. I banked the money until I knew what I wanted to do with it. Cheryl and mom found this house, and once I saw it, I knew it was perfect for me and James.  
James comes running up to me with excitement on his face. “Momma, did you see my room?” 
“I did.” 
“Did you see the train in my room?” 
“What?” I ask, looking at Danny and then at my dad. 
“Momma, there’s a big train in my room. It’s on the wall and goes all the way around the room,” James says, pointing to the ceiling and turning around in a circle, indicating where the train is.  
“Really?” I ask, following James into his bedroom. I already know what train he is talking about. I had no idea Danny and my dad had located the train or even had time to put it up. I remember how long it took Max and Danny to place it on the walls in James’ room in our duplex in Fort Drum. Apparently, it took a lot less time than before to set everything up since they already had the train track shelving from our last house.  
I stand at the doorway of James’ room. I am in awe at the train that has been installed on the wall that goes around the entire perimeter of his room. 
“See, momma.” 
I bend down so I can see James face to face. “This is the train your daddy bought for you when you were a baby.” 
“It is?” he asks. 
“It is. Your daddy loved trains and it took your daddy and both your grandpas many hours putting it together and putting it on the walls for you. Daddy loved trains so much that he wanted you to have the best train set ever.” 
“Does it work?” James ask, walking further into his otherwise empty room.  
“James, do you see this light switch?” my dad asks.  
James nods. Dad turns the light switch on and the train slowly begins to move. We all watch as the train travels the perimeter of the room. I smile and my nose begins to tingle as my eyes fill with tears.  
“Momma, it works and I have the best train ever!” James says.  
“Yes, James, I do believe you do.” I look up at dad and Danny. “Thank you,” I mouth. 
“James, you turn it off with this switch here,” Danny says. “Do you want to try it?” 
“Yes, please.” James walks over and turns the switch off, then on. His face lights up when the train starts to move.  
“It’s very important to make sure you turn it off,” my dad adds. 
“Ok, Pap. I will.” 
James calls my dad Pap and calls Max’s dad granddad. Max called his grandfather granddad, so Danny wanted that name to be carried on. I’m sure Max would have wanted that as well. My dad joked and said he is far too young to be a grandpa so he had James call him pap as soon as he could talk.  
“I need to get the U-Haul returned before they charge us for another day,” my dad says, walking out the door. Danny follows behind him.  
“James, stay here with your grandmas,” I say and then follow my dad and Danny down the hallway through the maze of boxes to the front door. “When did you guys have time to put the train up?” I ask, looking from my dad to Danny. 
“Last night we came back over and searched through the boxes until we found the one with the train. I had the screws and screwdriver in my toolbox in the truck and it didn’t take that long,” my dad says, not looking at me but looking at Danny. 
“That didn’t take that long to put up?” I ask, looking from Danny to my dad again.  
Danny laughs, “No, not really. I was afraid it would take a couple of weeks, so ten hours wasn’t too bad.” 
“Thank you, I know James loves it. I didn’t expect to see the train up and running.” I hug them, my nose tingles, and a tear slides down my cheek.  
“Emma, you don’t need to thank us. I did it for my own selfish reasons, I’m afraid,” Danny admits. 
I understand Danny’s reason for putting up the train set in James’ bedroom so soon. I am certain he did it for James and for Max. That is the first thing Max would have done after moving here.  
“Well, whatever reasons you had, you have made a little boy very happy.” 
I know it’s still hard for us to talk about Max. I have a huge hole in my heart that will never heal. I loved him with my whole heart, and as hard as it is for me, I can’t even begin to imagine Danny and Cheryl’s pain. Max was their only child.  
“We better get going; we’ll pick up some pizza for dinner while we’re out,” dad says. 
“We’ll be right back,” Danny says, walking out the door after my dad.  
I get a cold chill every time Danny says that. “I’ll be right back” were Max’s words he spoke every time he left the house. I don’t even think he realizes Max would say the same thing. Like father, like son. James may say those exact same words one day, too. I walk back down the hall and James is walking through the house with both of his grandmothers. He excitedly points out the shared bathroom and the second bedroom. “You can sleep in here when you come over to visit, and we can share this bathroom.” I smile as I listen to James give the grand tour of the house. “And Momma’s room is down here,” James says as he walks his grandmothers down the hallway to the last bedroom. “Momma has her own bedroom. This is her big closet and this is Daddy’s closet over there,” James says. “Well, if Daddy wasn’t in heaven, this would be his closet.” 
I hear a sniffle and I already know it’s coming from Cheryl. “Who wants pizza for dinner?” I ask, looking directly at James. I know Cheryl will be ok and there is no need to draw attention to her sadness. 
“Me, me,” James says, jumping up and down. We all laugh at his enthusiasm.  
“Good, Granddad, and Pap went to get us some for dinner. They won’t be long so why don’t you go and wash up?” 
“Ok, Momma, be right back.” 
I get another cold chill and shiver. I guess he’ll say it sooner rather than later.  
“Emma, this is going to make a perfect family home for you and James, Max would have loved this house,” Cheryl says, and my mother nods in agreement. 
I look out the large bay window at the lanai and the jungle gym in the backyard. The six-foot-high white vinyl fence separates our yard from the neighbor’s yards. “Thank you. I think so, too. The house is perfect, but the A+ school district only adds to its appeal.” 
After dinner, I ask Danny and Cheryl if James can spend the night with them. They are excited to have him and he is excited to stay. “I appreciate it. I want to try to get some of these boxes unloaded. Four years in storage, I’m almost afraid of the condition some of this stuff will be in.” 
“Honey, do you want some help? I’ll be glad to stay and help you,” my mom offers. 
“No, but thank you. So many memories are packed away in those boxes, and I think I need to do it alone. You know, ‘face my fears,’ as they say.” 
“I understand. If it becomes too much or you decide you want some help, call me.” 
“Call me, too, Emma. I’ll come right over,” Cheryl adds. “I know it won’t be easy. I still haven’t been through everything of Max’s at the house. I miss him so much.”  
My nose tingles and I rub it to make it stop. “Me, too, Cheryl, I miss him every day. I would give anything to have him here with us.” 
After everyone leaves, I head to the grocery store to get some food for the new house, but mostly I need some Gain and Downy to wash the blankets that have been in storage for the last four years. I head home and smile at the quaint little white house with yellow shutters that sits at the end of the cul-de-sac road. Our new house. It’s not on the beach, but it’s close enough for James and me to walk there. I go into the lonely house and turn on all of the lights. Since Max’s death, I don’t like to be in the dark. My life was filled with darkness, and I don’t want to go there again. I turn on some country music and sit on the floor in the living room.  
I open the first box, and memories that I didn’t know I had come rushing back to me. I remove the shadow box that holds the neatly folded flag that draped Max’s casket. Even though we had Max cremated, his parents wanted to show him first. I run my fingers along the edge and gently touch it. I cry silent tears and wipe them away.  
My phone rings and I am grateful for the distraction. I look at the number and I am excited to see it’s from Brooke.  
“Hey,” I answer as cheerfully as I can. 
“Hey, yourself, how’s the house?” 
“Great — empty, but it’s great.” 
“What’s wrong?” she asks and I wonder how she can tell something is wrong. 
“You know, going down memory lane.” 
“Emma, who is there with you?” 
“No one, I need to do this myself.” 
“I’m coming down there for a visit,” she says, sternly. 
“No, I’m fine.” 
“Hold on,” she says, and I can hear her talking in the background. “Brice, get on line and get me a ticket to Sarasota, Florida, ASAP.”  
“For when?” 
“For yesterday. Geesh … for tonight, if you can.” 
“Brooke?” I say. 
“What?” 
“You are not coming down here.” 
“They have one leaving out in the morning at 6:00 am,” Brice says, in the background. 
“Brooke, you can’t take the kids out of school.” 
“I know that. I need a vacation, so I’m coming alone. Hold on.” 
“Brice, book it.” 
“For how long?” 
“For a week and call your parents and tell them you’ll need a sitter for the boys.” 
“Brooke, you do not need to come down here.”  
“Yes, I do. I need a vacation and you live in Florida. It has my name written all over it.” 
“It’s booked, you’re all set,” Brice yells.  
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” she giggles. 
“Yay, I get to see my best friend,” I say with a big grin to my face. 
“I gotta go so I can pack. I’ll text you when I land. According to Brice, I’ll be there at 11:15am. 
“Ok, sounds good.” 
“Emma?” 
“What?” 
“Stay out of the boxes that say ‘Max,’ we’ll go down memory lane together.”  
I look at the boxes; some have written on them ‘Max,’ some ‘Emma,’ and some ‘James.’ 
“How do you know the boxes say ‘Max’ on them?” 
“Because I packed them. Promise me, you’ll wait for me.” 
“Ok, I promise. I can’t wait to see you.” 
“Me, either, I love you, Boo.” 
“Forever and always.” 
I hang up and feel the smile still on my face. I get to see Brooke. I haven’t seen her in a long time, although we talk often. I look at the shadow box I am still holding. I look up at the mantle over the fireplace and smile. I told her I won’t go through Max’s boxes, but this box was already opened. I stand up and carefully place the shadow box in the center of the mantel. I get inside the already opened box and see another smaller box that holds all of Max’s medals. I wipe it off and place it beside the shadow box. I step away and admire the mantel. A shrine for Max, perfect.  
I put all the boxes with Max’s name on it in the corner of the room. I open a box and see that it holds towels and washcloths. I start my first load of laundry and open another box. It contains lamps and some knickknacks. I dust them off and place them around the living room. Once the last box is empty, I go to another room and start there.  
I work well into the middle of the night before falling asleep on James’ bed.  
“Em, Emma, wake up.” 
I blink a few times and smile. Max is lying beside me on the bed. He smiles; his clear blue eyes are beautiful.  
“You’re here?” 
“I am, I have missed you,” he says, leaning over to kiss the tip of my nose. He gently caresses my earlobe like he always does. “I love you so much.” 
I lean into his hand. “I love you and I have missed you.” 
“I like the house.” 
“You do?” 
“It’ll be a nice place to raise James.” 
“You watch us?” 
“Everyday.” He smiles.  
“If you can see us, why can’t I see you? I miss you so much.” 
“You can see me. I am everywhere you are. You just have to open your heart.” 
I smile and touch Max’s scruffy face. 
“Em, please, tell James how much I love him.” 
“I love you,” I say, trying to put his sweet face to memory. 
“I love you, always and forever?” he says, smiling. 
“Forever and always,” I correct. 
I wake up to an empty bed. Max visits me often in my sleep. I know he watches over James and me. I smile at the memory of his face and his voice. As long as Max visits me in my dreams, I will never forget his eyes, the feel of his skin, or his dimpled chin.  
I get up and take a bath before Brooke calls me to pick her up at the airport. I eat a bagel and take the empty boxes to the garage. Walking around the house, I am happy with the progress I have made. I start another load of laundry and head out to get James from his grandparents.  
James and I pull up to pick up Brooke from the airport. She is waiting for us outside of baggage claim. She didn’t call when she landed; she called after she claimed her luggage. She hops in and squeals when she sees me. I hug her and I can’t believe how much I have missed her. She pulls away from our hug and looks in the back seat, smiles, and reaches her hand for James’ hand.  
“Hi, James. I’m Brooke. I’m a friend of your mommy and daddy’s.” 
“Hi, Brooke. Momma talks about you a lot.” 
“I have missed her and you. You are getting so big.” She looks at him and smiles.  
“Thank you. Momma says that I look like my daddy.” 
Brooke looks at me and smiles. She looks at James and smiles brightly. “Yes, James, you are very good looking just like your daddy was.” 
“Ready?” I ask.  
Brooke turns around and fastens her seatbelt. “Ready.” 
“Where to first?” 
“Really? You have to ask? I just left dreary Oklahoma, so I want to see the beach first, then I want to see your new house.” 
“Oh, we have the best beaches in the United States. The sand feels like cool baby powder.”  
“I doubt that.” 
“It’s true, Brooke, it is berry soft,” James says. 
She turns around and asks, “Can you build a sand castle with it?” 
“You can, but you have to wet it first,” James informs her. 
“Good, because I am the best sand castle builder, ever.” 
“You are?” James asks excitedly.  
“I am. Do you want to build a sand castle with me?” 
“Momma, can we?” 
I look over at Brooke and smile. “We need to go home and change into our swimsuits first.” 
“Yay, we’re going to the beach,” James says, excitedly.  
We load up the trunk of the car with beach towels and James’ sand toys. Once we are at the beach, I am surprised to see Brooke build a mean sandcastle. Even in this baby-powder soft sand, she knows to wet it to make it stick. Their sandcastle is huge and she even has bystanders stopping and watching her. James is excited and is happy to have someone help him who knows what they are doing. We take several pictures of the finished product before heading home.  
Once James is in bed and Brooke and I have showered, we open a bottle of wine and sit in the living room, catching up. We avoid the boxes in the corner of the room that say, ‘Max.’ She tells me that Brice is working at his father’s heating and air conditioning business. She also reluctantly adds that he is being treated for P.T.S.D.: Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. She tells me that after Max’s death, no one in his platoon re-enlisted in the Army. 
She also tells me that her boys are getting big and they both are taking taekwondo. She also adds that Braden is a straight A student and that the baby, Briley, starts school next year.  
“You guys should come down to visit next summer. We can take the kids to Disney World.” 
“Girl, we may move down here next summer. Florida is just beautiful.” 
“Don’t get my hopes up. I would love nothing more than to have you close again.” 
“We did have some slumber parties together.” 
“We sure did and we watched some chick flicks, too.” I smile at the memory. 
“That was a great way to pass the time.” Brooke also smiles at the memory. “Do you remember me saying that I was going to knock the dividing wall out that separates our duplex?”  
“Of course I remember that.”  
“I wasn’t kidding,” she says. 
“I wasn’t kidding either. I’m certain the Army would have kicked us out for that.” 
“That would have been hard to explain.”  
Once the wine is gone, I go into the bedroom and get a pillow and blanket for her. I walk into the living room, and say, “Sorry, I don’t have an extra bed in the spare room yet.”  
Brooke is standing up at the mantel and looking at Max’s flag, his gold star, and his medals. She looks sad and has a tear running down her cheek. I place the blanket and pillow on the couch and walk over to her.  
“Emma, I’m sorry. If I could change things, I would in a minute. He was such a nice guy and he loved you very much. James looks so much like him. He even has the dimple in his chin, that Max had.” 
I smile a sad smile, because what she said is true. Max was a nice man and James does look a lot like him. “He was going to be such a great dad. I feel bad for James. I at least have memories of Max, but James only has pictures, letters, and a couple of videos of his father. He wasn’t even old enough to remember him.” I pick up his gold star and hold it tightly. 
After several minutes of silence, she asks, “Are you seeing anyone?” 
“No, Max was my soul mate, and I’m not sure how to move on without him.” 
We stand there in silence, looking at Max’s medals. “Well, let’s get to bed. We have some site-seeing to do tomorrow,” I say, walking towards the hallway.  
“Sounds like a plan. Good night, Boo, I love you.” 
I smile before saying, “I love you, too, forever and always.” 
We take James to P.V.K., Pre-Voluntary Kindergarten, in the morning, and Brooke and I decide to take a run on the beach before it gets too hot. After we shower, we decide to sort through some of the boxes marked ‘Max.’ All of Max’s clothes I just leave in the box and put the box in Max’s closet. I’m not ready to get rid of them yet. Brooke doesn’t agree with me, but she doesn’t say anything either. When she loses her husband, then she can tell me when to toss Max’s stuff out. Unless you have gone through it, you have no idea what it feels like to lose your soul mate.  
Sorting through the boxes, I find most of them are Max’s clothing. We open a box and in it are letters. Unopened letters from Max from four years ago. I had no idea these letters even existed. Max’s letters were very slow getting to us. It took two or three weeks for mail to get to us after it was picked up for delivery. Inside the box are letters, cards, pictures, and a calendar with dates crossed off. The last date crossed off is June 16th. Max died on June 17th. I open a letter and see that inside is a list of things Max wanted to do when he got home. Max wrote me every single day and sometimes I think he didn’t know what to say, so he just wrote stupid stuff. I read the letter and laugh. 
“What’s so funny?” Brooke asks.  
“Max sent me a list of some things that he wanted to do when he gets home.” 
“If they’re sexual, I don’t want to hear them,” she says, grinning. “On second thought, maybe I do. I want to hear what a freak Max was.” 
“Listen to this, Brooke: 
Em, another boring day in the Middle East and I would give anything to be home with you and James right now. It is so boring here, I have no idea why we are even over here. The guys and I play cards and they quit after I win. I have been thinking and when we get to Florida these are some things I want us to do with James. 
1. Go to Disney World and stay to watch the fireworks. 
2. Have a picnic at Myakka Park and watch the alligators swim. 
3. Stand under that kissing statue and see if she is wearing panties. (I always wanted to, but was too embarrassed to.) 
4. Take a dinner cruise at sunset. 
5. Drink beer at Epcot. 
6. Lie outside in our yard and star gaze. 
7. Build the biggest and best sand castle on Siesta Key Beach, ever. 
8. Learn to sail (without James). 
9. Go to Halloween Horror Nights and ride the roller coasters at night, drunk (again, without James).  
10. Have a huge party with the platoon and celebrate our freedom.  
11. Live each and every day like it’s your last. 
12. I want my wife to always be loved, to always be happy and to always be treated the way she deserves.  
I miss you and I love you, always and forever. 
P.S. Kiss our son and tell him, each and every day, how much I love him. I’ll be home soon. Max. 
We both sniffle and I wipe the tears away. “What do you think?” 
“About the letter?” 
“Do you want to go to Disney World tomorrow and watch the fireworks?” 
“I’m on vacation. I’ll do whatever you want to do.” 
“Disney World it is. James will be excited.” 
I open a few more letters and read them before I come across one for James. I hold it up for Brooke to see. “It’s for James. It says on the back to open on his 18th birthday. This sounds like Max knew he wasn’t going to make it out of there alive.” 
“I know that Max said he was bored over there, but the stories the guys told when they returned tell what Max left out. Brice said they had long periods of down time with intervals of chaos.” 
“I’m sure they did. Max would never want me to worry. The letter with the list of things he wants to do in Florida. I think it’s his bucket list.”  
“You know, if Max didn’t go into that building alone, none of our troops would have come home alive. Max really is a hero. Brice still has nightmares about being over there. He wanted so many times to talk to you, to call you, but he has so much guilt. He doesn’t know what to say.” 
I watch her through blurred vision from my tears. She sniffles and I know she is crying, too.  
“Is that why no one has stayed in touch with me?” My nose tingles and tears continue to stream down my face, and I can’t stop them. I grab a few tissues for me and hand the box over to Brooke.  
“I can’t speak for them, but I know they all suffer from survivors’ guilt. Brice wishes he would or could have done something to save Max. He would do anything to change the events of that dreadful day.” 
“Brooke, it’s not his fault, or anyone’s fault, that Max lost his life, except the person who set the booby trap.” I close the box and stack it back in the corner of the room. “It’s sad, and no one can change that. James and I are moving on and everyone else needs to as well. Max would want that. Do you still keep in touch with everyone?” 
“Brice does, for sure. Why?” 
“Just asking, it looks like I need to get everyone together and throw a party.” 
“Let me know when; we can plan a party like no other. Oh, you should do it on July 4th. No better time to celebrate our freedom than on Independence Day.” 
“Brooke? That is a great idea. It would be easier if you lived closer.” We both laugh at the ridiculousness of her living right beside me again. “Hey, if we go to Disney World tomorrow, we’ll need some Mickey Mouse shirts.” 
“All I need is a Mickey Mouse bikini,” Brooks says, laughing. 
“You are not getting a Mickey Mouse bikini.” 
“If I want Mickey’s ears to cover my boobs, I can. I’m on vacation and I can do whatever I want. I’ll look like a tourist.” 
“Come on, vacation girl. Let’s get James from school and go shopping for some Mickey Mouse gear. And tourists do not dress like that!” 
Brooke
“James, guess what I found today?” Emma asks, excitedly. 
“My rock? Did you find my lost rock?” 
“I did. I found it in my purse. I also found something else.” 
“My car?” 
 “No, but, I did find a box of letters from your daddy.” 
“You did?” 
“I did, and I found a letter he wrote for you.” 
“Will you read it to me?” 
“I would, but Daddy wants you to wait until you’re older to read it.” 
“I have to put it with my other letters from Daddy.” 
“I already did.” 
“Other letters?” I ask. 
“Once the letters started coming in from Max, Max would write me and he would also write to James. Some of James’ letters he wanted opened up on milestone dates, such as his birthday or holidays.”  
“Momma and I call them ‘letters from heaven,’ huh, Momma?” 
“We sure do, James.” 
Later that night, Emma gets a blanket and we lie in the backyard star gazing. Emma points out to James some of the star constellations. James points out a group of stars that looks like a doggie and we all laugh. I see a shooting star and tell James to make a wish. I explain shooting stars are supposed to bring good luck. He closes his eyes tightly and opens them when he is done. 
James points out the brightest star in the sky and says he thinks that’s his daddy watching down on us. I swear I get goose bumps because I believe our loved ones who have passed before us, can and do look after us.  
Emma smiles, “James, I think you are right. Daddy is an angel and he is probably the brightest star in the sky.” 
The next day we get up early and go to Disney World wearing our matching Mickey Mouse shirts. James wanted everyone to wear matching shirts. We have a great time and ride every ride James can and wants to ride. Emma splurges and makes sure this is a day James will remember. She laughs and is carefree. 
Just before dark we wait near the fence for the fireworks to begin.  
“Momma, did you see that great big firework?” 
“I did, it was beautiful.” 
“Daddy would like this.” 
“Yes, James, I think he would, too. He told me to bring you here in one of his letters he wrote.” 
“Daddy loves me, huh, momma?” 
“He sure does, forever and always.” 
After the fireworks we take turns carrying a sleeping James to the ferry boat and then to the car. Once we are in the car, Emma looks over and smiles. “That was fun.” 
“It sure was.” 
She looks up at the sky and mouths, “Thank you,” before pulling out into traffic.  
Once we are on the highway heading home, I look over at Emma and ask, “Do you like living in Florida?” 
“I do. I love it here, why?” 
“Just asking. What do you like about it?” 
“Well, for one, my family is here. The weather is beautiful year round, and we always have something to do. James is surrounded by people who love him.” 
“What about friends?” 
“Well, since Max’s death, our friends have been scarce.” 
“Really?” 
“I’m afraid so, I think people feel bad and aren’t quite sure what to say to us and it’s hard to make friends as an adult.” 
Once we are home, I go outside and call Brice. I talk to him and check on my boys several times a day. Tonight, I feel the need to talk to him.  
“Brooke, is everything all right?” 
“It’s fine. I just wanted to talk to you.” 
“We miss you.” 
“Me, too, how are the boys?” 
“Good, they’re at Grandma’s because I have work in the morning. How’s your visit?” 
“Good, Emma finally bought a house. It’s perfect for her and James. Max told her to take James to Disney World to see the fireworks, so we did that today. We actually just got home.” 
“Wait? What? Max told her?” 
“It’s the oddest thing. We were going through some of Max’s things and there was a box of unopened letters from Max. She opened some of them and one was almost like a bucket list of 11 or 12 things he wanted to do with her. Max even wrote James letters with instructions of when he is supposed to open them.” 
“That son of a gun.” 
“What?” 
“When we were in the Middle East, I told him I didn’t think we would make it out alive and he kept smiling and laughing, saying this was child’s play. All along he knew we may not make it.”  
“That sounds just like him.” 
“Yes, Brooke. It sure does. So on the list was to spend the day at Disney World, huh?” 
“Yeah, and to stay and watch the fireworks. How are you and work?” 
“It’s fine, Dad still wants to retire and have me take over the business. His best friend, Jack, also wants to take it over. I’m not even sure this is the business I want to be in. Brooke, I’m not even sure this is the best place for us. Other than our family, there isn’t much here for us.” 
“I know what you mean. We’ll have to talk about this when I get home. Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out. I need to get back in there with Emma.” 
“I love you; have fun and hurry home.” 
“Good night, Boo. I love you.” 
Chapter Four: Moving Forward
Emma
While Brooke is outside on her phone, I take the box of mail into my bedroom to begin to sort through it. It’s been four years, and I had no idea these letters were even here. I know the first year I lived in a blur: a fog. Everyone in Max’s platoon sent letters of condolence, some mentioned happy memories of Max and some mentioned memories of the way Max led the squad and always inspired them. The next two years I spent going back to school full-time and this past year I spent trying to decide the best road for James and me. Thankfully Max left us money and we also get survivors benefits; James and I get a monthly check. I lived with my parents so money wasn’t an issue. 
A knock sounds at my door before it opens slowly. “May I come in?” 
“Come on, you don’t have to ask.” 
Brooke slowly walks into the room and sits at the foot of the bed. 
“Everything all right at home?” 
“Fine, what are you doing?” 
“Just walking down memory lane.” 
“How is it?” 
“Full of memories,” I giggle. “Did you pack these away, too? I don’t know how I didn’t know these were here, until now.” 
“After the memorial service and you moved out, there was a large mail delivery for you and I just mailed it with some other items that was left behind to the forwarding address your mom gave me.” 
“Look at this stack of letters for James.” 
Brooke picks up the 12 or 15 letters and smiles. “He wants them all opened on different birthdays. It’s like he knew he wasn’t coming home.” 
“I know. It gives me chills, thinking about it. There are even some letters for me from his platoon.” 
Brooke looks through the opened stack of letters and finds one from Brice. “May I?” 
I look at the letter she is holding up. “Please.” 
She removes the letter from the envelope and carefully unfolds it.  
Emma and James, Words cannot express my heartfelt sadness at Max’s passing. To know I was there with him and couldn’t do anything for him will forever haunt me. Emma, he was my hero and the noblest man I knew. He kept the morale up when we were at our lowest. To know him makes me a better person. He spoke of you and James daily and talked of the wonderful life he had planned for you both when he returned home. Max died saving his entire platoon. He walked into a booby-trapped building to check for its safety. He must have triggered a wire and that’s when the bomb detonated. Emma, I owe him my life. If you need anything, anything at all, please let me know. I loved him like my brother and I love you and James like family. Brice. 
Brooke sniffles and I look away. I wipe away the tears on my cheek.  
“I didn’t know he wrote this. I’m sorry, Emma.” 
“Don’t be sorry, it’s very sweet.” I sniffle. “It feels good to know that Max loved me and James as much as he did. Even in death, I am reminded of how much he loved us.” 
“What’s that saying? Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all,” Brooke says, folding up the letter. 
“Words have never been truer,” I say. 
“What are your plans for tomorrow?” Brooke asks. 
“I don’t have any. I think after today James is going to want to have a lazy day at home. Did you want to do something?” 
“I saw some open houses in your neighborhood for houses for sale. How about for the fun of it, we go to some of those?” 
“Looking to buy a house in my neighborhood, are ya?” I joke. 
Brooke gets up from the bed and walks towards the door, “You just never know. Good night, Boo, I love you.” 
I laugh, “I love you, too, forever and always.” 
The next morning after breakfast, we load up the wagon and walk through the neighborhood pulling James. I am surprised to see the homes that are up for sale. There are five open houses in our subdivision and we walk through all of them. I tag behind Brooke and watch her as she talks about prices, property lines, taxes, and warrantees.  
“You act like you are really shopping for a house,” I say, not taking my eyes off hers. 
“Well, you just never know when the right house will show up.” 
We walk by the beach, pulling the wagon with James in it. After we stop and have ice cream, we walk the short distance home. I am surprised to see my neighbor hammering a for sale sign in his yard that reads, ‘For Sale by Owner.’ 
“Your neighbors are moving?” Brooke asks. 
“It looks like it. I don’t know them since we just moved in last week.” 
“I wonder if they’ll care if I look inside.” 
“Only one way to find out.” 
Brooke steps up her pace, leaving James and me behind her. I watch as she smiles and talks to the elderly man. When James and I get up to her, she is walking towards the front porch as she talks away. James and I walk in with her and Brooke smiles immediately. She asks all kinds of questions as she walks room to room.  
“Momma, I’m thirsty.” 
“Ok, James.” 
“Brooke, we’ll meet you at home. James is thirsty.” 
“Ok, I’ll be right there.” 
The next few days we spend visiting Max’s mom and dad and my parents. Brooke knew them from Fort Drum, New York. While James is at school, Brooke and I have lunch outside at Marina Jacks. We watch the boats and even a few dolphins feeding near shore. Once we leave, Brooke points out the kissing statue down by the road. “Is that the statue that Max was talking about seeing if she is wearing panties?” 
I laugh, “It sure is.” 
“Do you have your camera?” Brooke asks, walking over to the larger-than-life-size couple kissing. The statue is very well known. It’s called Unconditional Surrender. It is a US sailor kissing a nurse in New York’s Times Square because the USA was in jubilation over then-President Harry S. Truman’s announcement of the end of the war on Japan. It was a spontaneous kiss between a Navy sailor and a nurse.  
“I have my phone,” I say, following her down the sidewalk. As we approach the statue, I can’t help but smile. “I am really going to look up her dress to see if she is wearing panties.” 
“You’re not the only one, look at all those people. They’re looking up her dress, too,” Brooke says, as she continues to smile.  
Once we get closer to the statue, Brooke pulls out her phone from her purse. “I have to get a picture of my freaky friend taking a picture of some statue’s panties,” she says, laughing.  
I laugh, too. “Shut up.”  
I walk up to the statue and finally look up. I am relieved to see that you can’t see up her dress. I smile and take a few pictures before walking over to Brooke. 
“Well?” she asks. 
“What?” I reply. 
“Is she or isn’t she wearing any panties?” 
“If you want to know, you’ll have to go look.” I smile. 
“Fine, but unlike you, I won’t be snapping any pictures of her privates,” she says as she walks towards the base of the statue. She looks up the dress of the statue as she gets closer to it, then she looks back at me and smiles.  
“Can you believe Max has us looking up this statue’s dress?” she says with her face red from embarrassment.  
“I can, and he is probably cracking up at us. Even in heaven, he makes me laugh.” 
Over the next few days, we take a picnic lunch to Myakka Park and watch the alligators in the water. James is excited since this is the first time he actually gets to watch them. We usually just see them as we are out driving, but today, we are taking the time to enjoy them in their own habitat while keeping a safe distance away from them. 
“I can’t believe you go home tomorrow.” 
“Me, either, this week has flown by.” 
“Promise me you’ll come back and bring Brice and the boys.” 
Brooke smiles, “I promise, but you may not be thrilled about that once we are here.” 
“I doubt that; besides, I have missed them.” 
“We’ll definitely be back. The boys would love it here.” 
Once Brooke leaves to return home and James is at school, I begin my search for a job. The house is paid for, but I still have bills. I do some online searching and put my résumé in at some places that interest me. James and I sort through the letters from Max, and I cry when I read them. Max’s death will always be hard on us, but together we are making it. 
James takes his letters and places them neatly in his top drawer with the other letters from Max. 
A few weeks later I interview and am offered the job at R.K. Insurance on the spot. I interviewed with the two owners, Brea and Sara, and the girl I am replacing also sits in. They are very sweet, and I am looking forward to this new chapter in my life.  
I call my parents and Max’s parents and invite them to dinner. This is a reason to celebrate. 
“So what’s the special occasion?” my dad asks as he takes a drink of his beer. 
“I got a job today, plus James and I became home owners last month. Life is good,” I say, smiling and looking around the round table at everyone. 
“Congratulations,” Danny says, raising his beer for a toast. I raise my wineglass and James also raises his plastic cup with the red straw in it. I look around the table at all the smiling faces. “To living the American dream.”  
We all clink our glasses and take a drink.  
“Where will you be working, Emma?” Cheryl asks. 
“Over on Stickney Point at R.K. Insurance. I’ll start Monday as soon as I take James to school. They know I have a son and they are willing to work around my schedule.” 
“Is that owned by Sara Roberts?” my dad asks. 
“She’s actually one of the owners. She co-owns it with her friend, Brea Kinsley. I don’t think they are from around here, though.” 
“I think you’re right, they moved down here a few years ago. Sara dates Donovan Martin, the corporate attorney. He’s one heck of a nice guy. My company has used him in the past; he is one heck of an attorney,” Danny adds. Danny and Cheryl are the owners of D&C Floor and Tile.  
I reach into my purse and hand James some crayons and a small tablet to color on. “They were very nice; I think I’ll like working for them.” 
“If you ever need any help with James or need someone to pick him up from school, just let us know,” Cheryl says.  
“I will, thank you.” 
 After dinner I have to argue with everyone to pay the bill. I invited them out to celebrate and I want to pick up the check. Dad and Danny both are hard to argue with, but today, they understand this is something I want to do. I know it’s hard for them to let me pay for dinner and I am proud of them for letting me.  
Bright and early Monday morning, I kiss James and drop him off at school. I park in back of the insurance company in the designated area and cautiously walk into work. It’s my first day and I am a bit nervous. I hear laughter and look around and see Sara, Brea, and Angel standing at the coffee maker.  
“Good morning,” I say, smiling.  
“Good morning, Emma,” they say in unison.  
The day goes by as though I am among friends. I share a desk with Angel, who is leaving and her last day is Friday. I learn the proper way to answer the phones and where to find resources for answers. I have gone to school for insurance, so I already know the Florida laws about various kinds of insurance and Florida requirements.  
I leave on time to pick up James from school.  
“How was your day at work, momma?” 
“My day was great; how was your day?” 
“Good, I find another rock today.” 
“You found another rock today?” I say clearly so he knows the proper word is “found.” 
“Yep, and it’s a good-luck rock.” 
James and I take a walk from our house to the beach and have dinner at a local pizza place on Siesta Key. We walk home before it gets dark and as we get closer to our house, I see our neighbor is removing his ‘For Sale by Owner’ sign from his yard. I wave to him and smile. I haven’t lived here long, and I have spoken to him only a few times. 
“James, it looks like we’ll be getting new neighbors soon.” 
“Momma, will they have kids?” 
“James, I don’t know.” 
“I hope they have little kids I can play with.” 
“Me, too, James. We’ll have to wait and see.” 
After I bathe James and put him to bed, I then soak in a hot bubble bath. My mind reflects on my day: my job, James finding a lucky rock, our walk, and new neighbors. It would be nice to have small kids living next door for James to play with. 
Before going to bed, I text Brooke. 
Emma: Are you up? 
Brooke: Yup, fighting with the hubby. 
Emma: Who won? 
Brooke: Me, of course. 
Emma: Be nice, he worked hard today. 
Brooke: I know, story of my life. What’s up? 
Emma: No need to pack, your house just sold. 
Brooke: What? The house next to you? 
Emma: Yep, that’s the one. 
Brooke: Just my luck. Let me know when the other neighbor’s house goes up for sale. 
Emma: Will do. Sorry. 
Brooke: That’s ok, Brice wasn’t ready to move to Florida yet anyway. Good night, Boo, I love you.” 
I laugh; this will never get old.  
Emma: I love you, always and forever. 
The next few months go by quickly. James and I are all settled into our quaint little home. I have adjusted to working again and love my job. Our neighbors have moved out, but their house remains empty. I talk to Brooke once a week and learned that Brice is opening a franchise of his dad’s business: Jamison Heating and Cooling. His father is excited that his business will be carried on by his son and that he can finally retire and his business will grow. The oldest employee will take over the business in their state of Oklahoma, and Brice will — or is considering — moving to another state and expanding the franchise there. Brea, Sara, and Angel have included me in their clique and I am falling into an easy routine with them. Angel has been filling in some since Brea is in her final month of pregnancy. I like them and I am excited to have friends in the area again. Tonight Angel invited me to meet Sara and her at Gecko’s for dinner and drinks. Mom and dad are taking James to see the movie Toy Story, and then he is staying the night with them.  
I sit in the parking lot of Gecko’s and decide if I want to go in. I decided to dress down in a pair of jeans, a tee shirt, and sandals. Sara and Angel will be here with their boyfriends, and I’ll be alone. I check myself in the mirror, add a little more lip gloss, and take a deep breath before stepping out of my car.  
Walking into the already crowded restaurant, I spot Angel and a very good-looking man first. They are sitting at a round highball table in the lounge. Angel stands and walks over to me with a hug and a genuine smile. We walk up to the table and her boyfriend, Mason, also greets me warmly. I order a glass of wine and Mason orders them another round.  
We talk and laugh and Mason keeps a protective arm around Angel. Angel includes him when she can and he smiles and nods. They are a very attractive couple. Mason sees someone he knows entering the restaurant, and he stands to greet him. I am introduced to Alec along with Angel. I am relieved that Angel doesn’t know him either, otherwise I would feel like this is a blind date. I look at Alec a few times and he smiles. He is a tall, very attractive dark-haired man with an athletic physique.  
“Alec, why don’t you join us for dinner?” Angel asks.  
“I came in for only a drink, but dinner sounds great. Are you sure I’m not interrupting?”  
Angel says with a smile, “We would love for you to stay.” Mason sits across from Angel, and Alec sits across from me. Sara and Donovan arrive — they are both giddy.  
“Sorry we’re late. Sara started drinking at home and didn’t want to leave the house.” We all laugh and Mason orders another round of drinks. We order dinner and Mason orders four or five different appetizers. We eat and drink, and I have a really nice time. I look over at Alec a few times and he always seems to catch me. I do believe he is the first man I have found attractive since Max. He is tall and muscular with dark hair and blue eyes. I must always go for the dark-hair-and-piercing-blue-eyes look.  
After dinner we say our goodbyes and I thank Angel and Mason for picking up the check. I make sure I am the first to pull out of the parking lot. I don’t like feeling awkward and with Alec there, I’m certain I would.  
I go home alone since James is having a sleepover at his grandparents’ house. I light some candles, turn some country music by Alan Jackson on low, and relax in a hot bubble bath.  
The next morning I pick up James from his grandparents’ house, have lunch with everyone, and then James and I spend a few hours at the beach building sandcastles. “Momma, Brooke makes the best sandcastles ever.” 
“Yes, she sure does.” 
“Will she come back and make another one with me?” 
“I hope so, I miss her. Do you want to look for seashells?” 
“And sea rocks?” James asks, excitedly. 
“And sea rocks.” I ruffle his blond hair.  
We walk the beach and place seashells and sea rocks into James’ sand bucket. I watch a runner on the beach before I realize it’s Alec. He waves and smiles and I do the same. I get butterflies low in my belly. Why am I getting butterflies? “Come on, James, let’s go home.”  
We pull up into our cul-de-sac road and see a large U-Haul in the neighbor’s driveway. I watch but don’t see anyone. We pull into our driveway and I help James out of his booster seat before I hear a familiar voice. I look over and can’t believe my eyes.  
“Brice, Braden, Briley, move it.” 
I smile and yell next door, “Would you mind lowering your voice — this used to be a nice neighborhood!” 
“Um, sorry about that. Your new neighbors are slackers,” Brooke says, smiling and walking towards us. 
James and I walk over to her and I hug her. “Why didn’t you tell me? I am so excited to see you.” 
“Tell you — and ruin the surprise?” 
She kneels down and hugs James and he closes his eyes tightly as he hugs her back.  
“Mommy, Braden hit me.” 
I look over and see two little boys standing in the yard. I wouldn’t know them for anything. “Oh, Brooke, is that the baby and Braden?” 
“It is, can you believe it?” 
“Look, momma, they have kids.” 
I kneel down to James and smile. “Do you remember Brooke?” 
“Yes, she makes big sand castles.” 
“That’s right, and these are her boys, Braden and Briley. They are our new neighbors.” 
“They are going to live here?” 
“That’s right, James. Forever and always.” Brooke smiles, walking over to the U-Haul where the boys stand.  
“Come on, James, let’s go and meet your new neighbors.” James and I walk over and I want to hug her kids so much. They don’t know me or remember me. I let Brooke introduce us and I shake their hands. I’ll need to take it slow until they get used to me.  
Smiling, Brice comes out of the house and says, “Emma?” 
I walk towards him and hug him. “Brice, you look amazing. How are you?” 
“I’m good — tired, but good.” 
“I bet you are. Been a long drive, I take it?”  
“A little bit.” 
“Here, I want you to meet James. James, this is Brice. He was a good friend of your daddy’s. Brice, this is James.” 
Brice kneels down and shakes James’ hand. “James, I remember when you were just a baby. It’s nice to see you again.”  
“Thank you, sir. You knew my daddy?” 
“I did and he is a hero. He saved my life, James, and I will never forget him.”  
I watch the exchange between Brice and James and although James is young he knows this is an important conversation.  
“Thank you, sir. I miss him.” 
“I miss him, too, James.” 
Brooke yells and claps her hands. “Come on, this truck won’t unload itself.” 
“Sorry, James and Emma, I have to get back to work.”  
“Momma, can we help them?” 
“James, I think that is a wonderful idea.” 
Once the truck is unloaded, we order pizza and talk about old times. The boys all go into one of the bedrooms and play. Brice tells me about trying to start up a new business in a new town and Brooke talks about being in real estate and the benefits of it. Brice’s dad, who will retire soon, has a heating and air-conditioning business that he is working on setting up a franchise here in Sarasota.  
James and I go home, and Brooke, Brice, and the boys go to a hotel for the night. I offered for them to stay with us, but they didn’t want to put us out. 
I bathe James, and he talks excitedly about having new neighbors. He talks about the boys spending the night with us and how they can play with his toys. I smile as I watch the excitement in my son’s eyes. Things are finally looking up for all of us.  
Alec
I say my goodbyes and head home. It’s my weekend off and I have nothing to do. I walked into the restaurant for a cold beer and ran into Mason. I like Mason although we have never hung out together. I know he dated a crazy attorney at one point, but it looks like he has moved on to better and classier women.  
I shower before bed and find myself thinking of Emma. There was something different about her. It’s been a while since I have dated and I’m not even looking for anyone. So why am I thinking about Mason and Angel’s friend? 
The next morning I run a few errands, my daughter, Raelynn, and I have breakfast with my parents, and I decide a run on the beach may clear Emma from my head. What was her last name? Did they mention her last name? Why do I care? I shake my head to try to clear it.  
While running on the beach, I see a girl who looks like Emma. She is with a small boy picking up seashells. I didn’t notice a wedding ring on her finger yesterday so maybe this is her nephew. It could be her nephew; other than the blond hair, he doesn’t look like her. Something about her caught my eye. She wasn’t flaunty or flashy, she didn’t boast or brag. She was shy and beautiful. She wasn’t all done up with too much makeup or high-priced designer clothes trying to impress others. When she turns around, I realize it is Emma. 
When she sees me, I smile, wave, and keep on running. 
I should have walked over to her, but she was with a child. It wasn’t a good time to talk to her, but now I wonder if I’ll get another chance to see her again. She’s probably happily married. Good thing I didn’t stop. It was probably her son that she was with, and her husband was watching them from the beach.  
I can’t stop thinking about her. Her long blond hair and crystal-clear blue eyes. I now know the beach that she goes to, I’ll have to start running more often on that beach if I want to see her again. Mason would probably frown if I called him asking for information about her.  
Emma
The following week I work through the day, and James and I help Brice and Brooke unpack as much as we can at night. She has the kids enrolled in the same school as James, and Brice has even picked up a few jobs in the area. Brooke isn’t working but has been doing a lot at home.  
I promised James now that the boys are warming up to us, they both can spend the night this weekend. It’s October and they can help us put the Halloween decorations out. I am sitting at the table helping James with his writing when a knock comes at the door. I look out the peephole and I am surprised to see Alec and a little girl standing there with long brown hair. 
I smile and open the door. Alec is holding a cardboard box of candy bars and the little girl is wringing her hands together. James walks over to me and reaches his hand for mine.  
The little girl clears her throat, “Hi, I’m Raelynn, I’m selling candy bars to help support Taekwondo. Would you like to buy one? They are only $1.00.” 
“Momma, what’s taekwondo?” James asks. 
The little girl smiles, “It’s like karate.” 
“You take karate?” James asks. 
“It’s fun, I like it. You should sign up,” Raelynn says, excitedly.  
“Momma, can I?” 
“We’ll see, James. I’m sorry, how much for the candy bars?” 
“They are $1.00.” 
“Please, come in, I need to get my purse.” I hold the door open for them to walk through. Once they are both in, I close the door. “Just let me get some money.” 
“Ok, thank you, Emma.” Alec stands tall and confidently near the front door, holding the box of candy bars.  
I head back into my room and all I have is a $10.00 bill. Great, I think to myself. I return and Alec is standing a little further into the room. “I found it.” I hand the money to Alec and his fingers lightly graze mine. My heart races and I pull away.  
“How many would you like?” 
“I’m sorry, ten. I’ll take ten.” 
Alec smiles and opens the box of candy bars. “We have caramel, almonds, or plain milk chocolate.” 
“Momma likes nuts,” James says, “and I like plain.” 
“Plain and almonds it is,” Alec says, reaching into the box.  
“Thank you,” the little girl says. 
“Raelynn, you are more than welcome. That is a very beautiful name.” 
“Thank you, it’s my daddy’s favorite name, huh, Daddy.” 
Oh, Raelynn is his daughter. He’s married.  
“It sure is, Raelynn. Where would you like these?” Alec asks, nodding at the handful of chocolate bars.  
“Oh, on the table is fine. Thank you.”  
Alec carries the ten candy bars and puts them on the table. “We need to go, Raelynn, and thank you so much, Emma and James,” he says, looking at me and then at James.  
I walk them to the door and open it for them. “Oh, here is my business card if you want to stop over. A new beginners class is starting up next week. It is for children and adults of all ages. James may like it. Stop over and check it out. I teach the beginners class a couple times a week.” 
“Raelynn, how old are you?” I ask. 
“I’m six years old. I’ve been taking taekwondo for two years.” 
Oh, she was James’ age when she started. “Wow, that’s a long time.” 
Raelynn smiles. “Maybe I’ll see you next week, James.” 
I take the card from Alec, and I see him looking at the mantel behind me. I look over my shoulder and see the shrine I made for Max. I look back at Alec with a sad smile. 
“Is that your father’s flag?” he asks. 
“No, it’s my husband’s. Max died in his tour of duty a few years ago.  
“May I?” he asks, looking over at the mantel?” 
“Yes, please.” 
We both walk over and stand in front of the flag that draped over Max’s casket. 
“What’s that?” He asks, pointing to the gold star. 
“When someone dies in the military, they are awarded a gold star. It is only awarded to the survivors, of course, and you have to lose your life to earn it. We also received a banner with a gold star on it. Max’s mom and dad have it. They display it in their flower garden they made after Max’s death. It reminds them every day what a hero he was. Not that they need reminded. The flower bed is more of a tribute garden for Max.”  
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.” 
“Thank you, I don’t think you are prying.” 
Once they leave, James and I freeze the ten candy bars that we don’t actually need. I like frozen candy bars and in Florida, chocolate needs to be frozen or it melts quickly. Plus, if it’s in the freezer, I may forget about it.  
After James is done with his writing, I ask, “Bath or shower?” 
“Shower, please.” 
Later, I tuck James in bed and he says his prayers. I kneel down beside him on his bed and ruffle his blond hair. I say, “I love you to the moon and back.” James smiles. 
He says, “I love you all the way to the brightest star and back.” I also smile. 
“I love you to Mars, Jupiter, and Pluto and back.” James laughs. 
I smile, “Wow, that much?” 
“Yep, and more.” 
I lean in and kiss James on his lips. “I love you so much, good night and sweet dreams.” 
“Sweet dreams, Momma.” 
Alec 
“Daddy, can we go home? I’m tired.” 
“Yes, Raelynn. I’m tired, too. You sold almost all of your candy bars today.” 
“Yep, that lady was nice. She bought most of them.” 
“Yes, Raelynn, she was very nice.” 
On the drive home I think of how stupid I was to ask if the military flag belonged to her father. I should have just kept my mouth shut. Smooth, Alec.  
After Raelynn’s bath, I kneel with her by her bed as she says her prayers. I tuck her into her bed and kiss and hug her. “Daddy has work tomorrow, so Grandma will be picking you up from school.” 
“Ok, Daddy. I love you, bunches.” 
“Rae, I love you bunches, too. Sweet dreams, and I’ll see you in the morning.” 
I tuck Raelynn into bed, shower, and drink a beer while sitting on the lanai. I think I’m still in shock about running into Emma tonight while selling candy bars. Learning that her husband is deceased was the bigger shock. 
I finish my beer and head to bed. I look at the picture on the nightstand of Molly and me on our wedding day. I pick it up and stare at it. Not a day goes by that I don’t think about her. We named Raelynn after my middle name, Ray, and after Molly’s middle name, Lynn. Molly wanted a son, but I was thrilled to have a daughter. I gently place the picture of me and Molly back on the nightstand. This was taken definitely during happier times.  
Raelynn and I do taekwondo together two nights a week. I am a black belt and Raelynn is a purple belt. I teach the beginners class during Rae’s training times, and during my training times Raelynn practices.  
Taekwondo is characterized by its emphasis on head-height kicks, jumping and spinning kicks, and fast kicking techniques. It’s an excellent form of exercise and is great for self-defense. We have many women in the class who take it strictly for self-defense.  
Fighting, however, is a last resort. When being mugged, the best thing to do is usually to simply hand over your wallet or purse. Only when physically attacked would someone fight.  
“Kick, kick, punch, spin, kick, kick, punch, spin. Good job. Again?” 
Raelynn adjusts her protective gear and takes her stance. “Ready?” I wait for her to nod before yelling out commands. 
“Kick, kick, kick, kick, punch, duck, kick, kick, kick, kick,” I say as I back up a little each time after her kicks. “Great job.” I see a few people up at the front desk checking in. Good, some new students. “All right, kiddo, go get a drink and get ready for your class.” 
“Ok, Daddy.” Raelynn bows to me before skipping off the matt.  
Bowing shows respect, and we teach our students how to bow to their teacher before and after each class. We also teach students to bow when they ask for or receive help from a person who has a higher rank than the student.  
I am happy to see some returning students and happy to see some new faces. I teach the class with another black belt instructor. I see James is standing in the front row with two other boys. I speak to him briefly, and he tells me these are his friends. I bow and introduce myself to them all. I look out through the glass wall and see Emma and another woman standing there watching. I nod and smile before focusing my attention on the boys. After talking to the boys, Braden and Briley, I learn they are new here but they are not beginners to taekwondo. I find the class they need to be in and return to the beginners class. First we teach respect, and the proper way to bow and when you should bow. We begin class with some light stretches and exercise to loosen up the muscles and we run around the room twice. We teach high kicks and spin turns. The hour-long class usually goes by quickly. All new students are yellow belts and move up rank fairly quickly, at least in the beginning.  
The other instructor and I bow and class is dismissed. I watch the kids run across the mat and join their waiting parents on the other side of the glass wall. Once I see everyone is with their families, I look to see how Raelynn did in her class. I tell her James came with two of his friends. She is excited and skips off the mat to see if they are still here. 
I grab a towel and a bottle of water and when I turn around I see Emma, her friend, and the boys talking to Raelynn. I smile and drink the water before walking over to them. I smile when Emma looks up, and I listen to Raelynn explain the correct way to kick. The boys are full of excitement and energy. 
“Alec, this is my friend Brooke, and Brooke, this is Alec. I’m sorry, I don’t know your last name.”  
I reach my hand out for Brooke, “Collins, Dr. Alec Collins, it’s nice to meet you. So these two boys are yours, I take it?” 
“It’s nice to meet you, and they are. This is Braden and his younger brother, Briley. We are new to Florida, and we were excited when Emma said there was a taekwondo class nearby. I didn’t want the boys to be away from it very long.” 
“Good, it worked out perfectly. So glad to have you here.” 
“Thank you.” 
“James, did you like class today?” 
“I did, thank you.” 
“Emma and Brooke, we also have adults who take the class if you want to consider signing up. It’s a great form of exercise and self-defense.” 
“I think I’ll stick to my afternoon yoga; thank you anyway,” Brooke says, smiling.  
“Rae, are you ready?” 
“Yes, daddy.” 
“Go get your things and come right back.” I watch Raelynn skip to the back room where her book bag and school clothes are kept. We come here right after school so she changes here for her class. “Emma and James, it’s good seeing you again and Brooke, Braden, and Briley, it’s nice meeting you. Wow, that’s a mouthful.”  
Brooke laughs, “Yeah, their dad’s name’s Brice. Try saying ‘Brice, Brooke, Braden, and Briley’ three times really fast.” 
We all laugh and Raelynn comes skipping back. “Ready, daddy.” 
We all walk out the door together and head to our separate cars, “We’ll see you guys on Friday, and Emma, I think you should consider taking the class.” 
Emma smiles and opens the backdoor of her car for James. “I’ll think about it; thank you so much. James had a great time.” 
“My pleasure, good night.” 
“Good night,” Brooke and Emma say in unison. 
Emma
“Emma, you should take that class with James,” Brooke says, seriously.  
“I am not taking a taekwondo class. James needs this time alone, away from me.” 
“It would be good for you.” 
“And for you,” I add. 
“I’m sticking to my yoga. He’s hot; if I were single, I’d be all over that.” 
“Stop it, I’m sticking to my no-workout plan; not working out has been working out just fine this long and I’m not about to change it now.” 
After school, I offer to take all the boys to their taekwondo class. I pick up fast food, which I loathe (of course, I eat pizza, and tacos, and gyros, and hamburgers, and subs, and burritos — actually, I love fast food), but they love it, and they eat it on the way. Better meal planning tonight would have resulted in a healthier meal. I’ll put that to memory. I am debating on signing up for the beginners class. I didn’t want to tell Brooke for fear of what she would say. Self-defense is a good reason to take it.  
“James, do you like taekwondo?” 
“Yes, momma, it’s fun.” 
“Would you mind if I took it, too?” 
“You want to be a ninja, too?” he asks excitedly and I laugh. 
“No, no ninja. It will be good exercise for momma.” 
Braden says, “James, your mom will be a ninja, too.” 
I sign up for the class and change into clothing appropriate for the class. The uniform is included with the sign-up fee. 
Alec sees us and walks over with a smile. “I see you changed your mind.”  
“Yes, I did. My son wants me to be a ninja, too.” 
“The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles kind?” 
“Yes, those are the ones.” I smile.  
I am relieved that they have a separate adult beginners class. 
After the class I am surprised at how much I liked it although I know that I will be sore tomorrow. I finish before the boys and wait in the spectators’ room. I try to watch both classes at the same time. James is very serious and Alec spends a great deal of time with him. Raelynn comes up to me and also watches. When they are done, Alec and James both bow and James runs off the mat to where we are standing.  
“Wow, James, you are getting good at those kicks,” Raelynn says, excitedly.  
“Thank you and I can kick high, too.” 
Braden and Briley join us next.  
“How was it today, boys?” 
“Good,” Braden answers.  
“Their instructor said they’ll advance next week,” Raelynn adds. 
Alec walks up and smiles. “How was it, Emma?” 
“Better than I expected and I have no idea how I’ll walk tomorrow,” I say, rubbing my hands up and down my thighs. “Those kicks are no joke.” 
“No pain, no gain,” Alec smiles. “How was it for you two, Braden and Briley?” 
“Good, it didn’t hurt us.” 
Alec looks at Raelynn, “Congratulations, Rae, I watched you advance today. Very impressive.” 
“Thank you, daddy.” 
I bend down and touch her purple belt and look at the black stripe that has been added to her belt. “Congratulations, Raelynn.” 
“Thank you, Miss Emma.” 
“Get your things from the back, Rae.” 
“Ok, daddy.” 
“James, you did very well today.” 
“Thank you, sir.” 
Raelynn skips back towards us carrying her book bag 
“Ready to go, Raelynn?” 
“All ready, daddy.” 
Alec holds the door open and we all walk out together. He is parked beside us in the parking lot, He waits until I buckle all the kids in before he gets into his truck. “Good night, Emma.” 
“Good night, Alec.” 
On Saturday, Brooke’s boys spend the night and we decorate the house and yard for Halloween. We bake mini apple pies and play board games and have hot apple cider. The boys fall to sleep in the living room on the floor while watching cartoons. After I tidy the house, I go to bed and read Storms of Winter by D.B. Jones. 
“Em, Emma, wake up?” 
I blink a few times and smile. Max is lying beside me on the bed. He smiles; his clear blue eyes are beautiful. “You’re here?” 
“I am, I have missed you,” he says, leaning over to kiss the tip of my nose. He gently caresses my earlobe like he always does. “I love you so much.” 
I lean into his hand. “I love you and I have missed you.” 
“I am so proud of you. You are a fighter, just like I knew you were.” 
“It’s hard, I want you here with me, to help me. I have no idea what I’m doing.” 
“Oh, Em, you are doing great. Happy anniversary,” he says as he gently kisses me. 
I smile, “Happy anniversary to you, too.” 
“Please, tell James how much I love him.” 
“I love you,” I say, trying to put his sweet face to memory. 
“I love you, always and forever?” he smiles. 
“Forever and always,” I correct. 
I wake up from my dream and I touch my face as I remember his touch. A tear slides down my cheek and I close my eyes. I miss him, terribly. I pull the covers up to my chin and fall back to sleep.  
When I wake up again, it is to the sound of James’ train in his room. The sound of giggles echoes through the otherwise quiet house. I throw on a robe and I watch the boys from the bedroom door before making some coffee and breakfast. I look out the window and watch Brooke walk across the yard in her robe and a coffee mug in hand. Just like old times, I think to myself.  
I open the door with a smile plastered to my face. 
“Why are you so happy?” she grumbles. 
“Because this is just like old times. You do know that I have coffee here, so you don’t have to bring your own coffee cup?” 
“I know, but I need coffee first thing in the morning and I don’t remember having to walk through wet grass before,” she says, smiling. 
“The walk is a little different, but the outcome is just as wonderful.” 
“You’re right, this does feel like old times. What are your plans today?” 
“James and I are having dinner with his grandparents. We are eating out. It’s mine and Max’s anniversary today. You guys should come.” 
Brooke pulls out a card from her robe pocket and hands it to me. “Happy 6th anniversary.” 
“Thank you, you remembered!” 
“Of course, I did. October 11th. I’ll also remember all the times you would repeat that date to Max, hoping he’d remember it.” 
“Max loved me, but he was terrible at remembering dates.”  
“Where’s dinner?” 
“It’s James’ year to pick, so it’ll probably be at Chuck E. Cheese or at Jump and Fun. You guys definitely should come. It’ll be more like a birthday party celebration when James gets done with it. There’ll be a cake and some balloons.” 
“Since you put it that way, we wouldn’t want to miss out on all the fun.” 
The next week at work, Brea pops in and out throughout the week. She is stressing about her wedding and trying to get the baby weight off. Angel fills in when Brea is absent. Work surprisingly is a very relaxed atmosphere. We work hard and talk freely in our downtime. I finally tell them that I am a widow. They knew I was a single mom, and I never mentioned that it wasn’t by choice. People look so sad when they find out my husband is dead, and they rarely know what to say. It makes them very uncomfortable. I don’t want that. There isn’t anything anyone can do or say. ‘I’m sorry’ is usually the best thing to say in the event of a death.  
On Wednesday a food delivery arrives from Fast and Fresh Deli that Angel’s boyfriend, Mason, sent for all of us. I am shocked; Sara tells me not to be: This happens a few times a month. She adds that they have great boyfriends who obviously are trying to fatten them up. 
Sara says, “I think it’s obvious that our boyfriends like big butts.” 
On Saturday, Brooke walks over alone with her robe on and coffee mug in hand. I see her and smile. I open the door and wait for her to reach the porch. “Alone this morning, I see.” 
“It’s Brice’s turn to make breakfast. Being a housewife is exhausting.”  
I close the door behind her and we both laugh. “I’m sure it is. What are your plans today?” 
“We are taking the boys to Hunsader Pumpkin Patch today. We want to see if James wants to go. It won’t be until later because of the heat. Who knew Florida was so hot?” 
James jumps up and down and says, “Pumpkin, pumpkin.” 
“Well, I guess that’s a yes.” 
“The boys are over at the house, James, if you want to go over.” 
“Yay. May I, momma?” 
“Yes, you may. Be nice while you are over there.” 
“Yes, momma.” 
I watch as James runs across our adjoining yards and walks into Brooke and Brice’s house. 
“What are your plans today?” 
“I have a wedding to go to tonight. One of the girls who own the insurance company I work at is getting married.” 
“Want me to keep James?” 
“Mom said she would, but he might like to stay with the boys.” 
“James can hang out with us after we return from the pumpkin patch. Maybe we’ll even watch the stars tonight.” 
I return from Brea and Vincent’s wedding to find the boys, Brooke and Brice, lying in the front yard on a blanket star gazing. I get out of the car, carrying the bride’s bouquet of flowers that I caught. 
“I guess I don’t have to ask who is getting married next.” Brooke laughs.  
“Ha ha, very funny.” I remove my heels and join them on the blanket. “Did you find anything interesting in the sky tonight?” 
“Yep, it’s a full moon,” James says, pointing at the moon.  
“And there’s a puppy dog right over there,” Braden says, pointing to the right of the sky. 
“Ah, I see it. Very good.” 
“Did you find the brightest star?” I ask. “Actually, it’s not a star — it's the planet Venus.” 
“It’s over there.” James points. 
“How was the wedding?” Brice asks and tilts his head back to see me. 
“It was wonderful. They had it at the Sarasota Botanical Gardens. It was so beautiful.” 
We lie there and watch the stars in the sky. I find the Big and Little Dipper and James says he sees a cat. We all stand and I pick up the blanket and shake it. “Thank you for watching him. I appreciate it.” 
“No problem, we were glad to help. Goodnight, Boo, I love you.” 
“I love you, too. Forever and always.” 
James and I get up and meet both sets of grandparents for breakfast. Since I moved out of my parents’ home, they claim they don’t see him enough. I am very fortunate that my parents and Max’s parents get along.  
I tell them, “James and I are going to Lowes and buy some fruit trees to plant in the yard when we are done.” 
“Oh, that’ll be good for him. What kind are you planning on getting?” 
“Oranges for sure and maybe a lemon and a grapefruit tree, too. I want fruit that we can use.” 
“That’s a wonderful idea. Call me and I’ll be over to plant them for you,” my dad says. 
“Call me, too, I’ve been wanting to cut those tree limbs back some. They are hanging too low in your driveway,” Danny says, reaching for his cell phone. 
“I noticed that, too,” dad says.  
“Are you guys spying on me?” I ask. 
“Spying? No, I wouldn’t call it spying. Would you call it spying, Gene?” 
“No, Danny, I wouldn’t call it spying either. More like looking after your and James’ wellbeing.” My dad smiles.  
“Yes, that’s it.” Danny laughs. 
“Thank you both, but James and I are fine. We are both taking taekwondo together.” 
“You are? Since when?” 
“Since last week.” 
“We’re ninjas, grandma,” James says, seriously. 
“I can see that.” Mom smiles.  
“Brooke’s two boys take it and James seems to like it. It’s good exercise, so I thought I would try it.” 
“Good for you, my daughter and grandson, the ninjas,” Mom jokes and James smiles. 
“We need to go and pick out some fruit trees.” 
We all stand from the table and walk out of Peaches Restaurant together. We all kiss and hug and once James is fastened into his booster seat we head to Lowes.  
After carefully selecting the perfect trees, we head home. Dad and Danny are in the yard, cutting the grass and trimming trees and bushes. I pull into the driveway and the tree limbs that usually scrape the top of my car are gone.  
When dad and Danny see me, they shut off the lawn mower and power hedgers. James and I get the tall fruit trees out of the trunk of the car, and Dad greets us first by taking the tree from me.  
“Here, let me get that.” 
Danny comes up and removes the other two trees from the trunk. James takes my hand and I close the trunk of the car. 
“We can get that,” I state. 
“I know you can; get the shovel and we’ll meet you in the backyard,” Danny says, following my dad to the backyard. 
“Um, I don’t have a shovel,” I say.  
“We know, come on,” dad says and they both laugh. “You can watch.” 
James and I follow them to the backyard and then we decide on the perfect location for the fruit trees. Danny digs a hole and explains to James that it needs to be deep enough and wide enough for the tree to grow. Dad explains about the tree roots needing room to grow. 
After the trees are all planted and they finish cutting the grass, we have iced tea on the lanai. James and I bought trees that were already bearing fruit so we wouldn’t have to wait years to harvest it. James shows his grandfathers what he is learning in taekwondo — especially the correct way to kick.  
Alec
I watch Emma get into her car and pull off before Raelynn and I leave.  
I tell Raelynn, “My little girl advanced today, congratulations.” 
“Thank you, daddy,” she says, scooting her little body back into the seat.  
I reach over and make sure her seatbelt is secure before fastening mine. “How about we go out for dinner and dessert to celebrate.” 
“Yay, can we have ice cream?” 
“Since it’s a special occasion, we can have whatever you want, Raelynn.”  
After dinner, dessert, and bath, I kneel with Raelynn beside her bed for her nightly prayers. She always ends her prayers with ‘God Bless Mommy and Daddy.’ I swear every time I hear those words I get choked up. I tuck her in bed and hug her as tightly as I can without hurting her. Raelynn is my pride and joy. “Sweet dreams,” I say, standing up from her bed. 
“Sweet dreams, daddy,” she says rolling over and pulling the covers up to her chin.  
I turn off her bedroom light and leave her door slightly ajar. I shower and then have a beer before heading to bed. Thinking back on the day, Emma comes to mind. I asked Karen, who works the front desk, what James’ last name was. Now I have my laptop opened as I sit on the lanai. Is it spying if I look up her husband? I already know he was killed in action. I drum my fingers across the table before typing “Max Greyson US Army” in the search engine. Several newspaper articles come up in the results. I scroll through until I decide to click on one. I read one before I click on another article, then another. I see some photos of Sergeant Maxwell Greyson, and some photos of his memorial service. I see a picture of Emma dressed in all black holding an infant child. James. 
I shut down the computer and decide I need another beer. James was a baby when his father died. He has no memory of his father — Emma was widowed very young. It must have been devastating for her. I lock up and kiss Raelynn before heading to bed. I pick up the picture of Molly and me and stare at her beautiful face. Happier times. What I wouldn’t do to be at that place again in my life.  
It’s Thanksgiving before I know it. Since it’s just Raelynn and me, I dread the holidays. Molly’s mom and dad and I are still on good terms. I make sure they see Raelynn and get her on holidays. She’ll go to Molly’s mom and dad’s first for Thanksgiving, then we’ll go over to my parents for Thanksgiving dinner, later.  
I go to work and work a few hours while Raelynn visits her grandparents. It’s a holiday and thankfully it’s slow. Dr. Saturday wanted to have dinner with his son, since he was home from college, so I offered to fill in for him. Sadly, I didn’t have anything better to do. I shower at work after my shift, then head over to pick up Raelynn.  
We arrive at my parents’ house, which is full of people.  
“Daddy, I’m going to go play with the kids,” Raelynn announces excitedly. 
“Rae, say hi to everyone first. Ok?” 
“Ok, daddy.” 
I have two brothers and a sister and they all have kids, or are expecting one. I walk further into the house and the guys are all sitting on the overstuffed furniture watching football. My brother, Dakota, is holding his son Noah. Once I greet my brothers, Blake and Dakota, and my brother-in-law, Ian, I walk into the kitchen where I know dad and the girls will be. My dad is always where the food is. After dinner you can find my dad watching the game. When it’s time for cleanup, he’ll disappear. It’s a tradition he is firm in keeping. 
I walk into the kitchen and my mouth waters from the delicious food. “Well, there he is,” my mother announces, as she walks over to hug me. “We were beginning to worry about you.” 
“I’m sorry. I’m not that late, am I?” 
“No, Alec, you’re not. Mom was missing you, that’s all,” my dad says as he takes a bite of the homemade stuffing in a serving dish on the counter. 
I walk over and hug my dad before hugging my two sisters-in-law, Jill and Victoria, and my very pregnant sister, Cameron. I pat her belly and ask, “How are you feeling?”  
“Huge as a planet, and miserable.” 
“Sounds like you’re right on track.” I smile.  
“Ha ha, you should have warned me. I blame you.” 
“For what?” I laugh. “That is not my fault.” I say, pointing at her large protruding belly. 
“Not that, these,” she says, as she raises her maxi dress for me to see her ankles. “I have cankles and it’s all your fault. You and you,” she says pointing to me and dad, “you should have told me to expect these.” She looks from dad to me, then back to my dad. 
“Cameron, I told you to stay away from salt.” My dad smiles and looks away before Cameron can see it.  
“Yes, dad, you did. However you didn’t say it would cause me to have ankles that you can’t see.” 
“What are you talking about? What’s a cankle?” I ask. 
“I just told you, it’s a ‘can’t-see ankle,’ because your calf and ankle run together to make a cankle.” She lowers her dress to cover up her feet. “That’s why pregnant and obese women wear boots.” 
“Cameron, if it makes you feel any better, they go away after birth,” Victoria says sweetly.  
“Really?” 
“Girl Scouts honor,” Jill adds. “After the twins were born, mine went away. It doesn’t take long for them to return back to normal.” 
“That’s reassuring,” Cameron says, walking away from the kitchen island. “My father the surgeon and my brother the doctor should have prepared me for this.” 
I hope she doesn’t talk about hemorrhoids. Pregnant women usually get those, too. 
“Would you mind taking the food to the table, and Alec, would you go upstairs in the playroom and get the kids?”  
The girls gather the beautiful serving dishes of food while I run up the stairs to get the kids. “Who’s hungry?” I yell.  
“Me, me, me,” the kids yell as they run past me. 
“Hi, kids,” I yell as they run down the hall. 
The giggles fill the hall. “Hi, Uncle Alec,” they yell from down the hallway and I watch as Raelynn skips behind them. 
Once we all hold hands and Dad says the grace, we all sit down at my parents’ overly large table. We put a child in between each adult to make sure they are included in the conversations. It also assures they will behave during dinner. We talk about Blake and Jill’s twins, Shannon and Sean, turning four in a few weeks and about Cameron’s due date nearing on Christmas Eve and the surprise the baby will be when they finally learn the gender of the baby at birth. They chose to not know the baby’s gender early. We also talk about Raelynn advancing in taekwondo and about Dakota and Victoria’s son, Noah, starting to walk.  
During dinner we go around the room and we each say one thing we are thankful for. It’s Shannon’s turn: “I am thankful that my brother no longer pees in the bed.” 
Her brother Sean is next. “I am thankful that we got to wear sunglasses into the turtle movie.” We look over at Blake and Jill, and Jill adds, “The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie was in 3-D.” We nod in understanding. 
Raelynn adds, “I am thankful that Noah spit up on his daddy and not on me.”  
After dinner we all help with carrying the food and dishes into the kitchen, the guys go and watch television and the girls stay in the kitchen putting everything away and cleaning up. The house is an open floor plan and although you are in the kitchen, you can still see everyone in the family room.  
Mom yells into the family room, “Johnny, as soon as the game is over, let me know so we can help the kids decorate the Christmas tree.” My dad’s name is John and mom is the only one who calls him Johnny. She does this only when she wants something or when she believes he is misbehaving. 
“Ok, dear, it won’t be much longer.” 
It’s been a tradition ever since they have had grandchildren: Mom and dad put the lights on the tree and have all the decorations divided evenly for each grandchild to put on the tree. I know Raelynn looks forward to it every year. This is the first year we’ll be doing it without Molly. 
By the time the game is over, the kitchen is cleaned and the tree is decorated, we carry our sleeping children to our cars. We ate later this year because Molly’s parents wanted to get Raelynn early. Normally we would eat Thanksgiving dinner at 2:00, but my parents wanted to wait for Rae to be here. We say our goodbyes and I take the containers of food and lay them neatly in the backseat. Mom always sends extra food home with me after I visit. That’s probably why I visit a couple times a week.  
Chapter Five: Blessings and Giving Thanks
Emma
Mom and dad decided it would be nice to have everyone over to their house for Thanksgiving dinner this year. We each made food and combined everything to make a Thanksgiving feast. After dinner and while Danny, Brice, and dad watch the football game, Mom, Brooke, Cheryl, and I all decide this is the first year we will shop on Black Friday. After Thanksgiving dinner we all sit around the table and compare sale advertisements. The kids are at one end of the table doing arts and crafts. Brooke writes down all the items we want and where they are being sold at the lowest price. We decide that we won’t mess with the one-hour in-store sales. Too many people and not enough merchandise. We also decide to meet up at my house at 4:00 a.m. and we will take Brice’s truck; it’s bigger and can hold more stuff.  
Dad comes with mom so he can watch James for me while we shop. My parents are a God-send, and I have no idea what I would do without them. 
Once we fight the crowds, traffic, and the extremely long lines, we return home and vow this is the first and last time we will ever do that again. We joke that next year we will break into the stores before they open and get what we want even if it means risking a criminal record. Brooke and I did get everything on our list for the boys and I was even able to pick some gifts up for Sara, Brea, and Angel for our work Christmas party. 
Cheryl takes James home with her for a few hours so I can hide all the gifts. I’ll pick him up before his taekwondo class this evening. I’m looking forward to going, and I’m not sure whether I like the class better than I like the thought of seeing Alec again. He is always so nice to James and to me.  
After everyone leaves, I hide all the gifts in the spare bedroom closet and take a nap before class. Right before I leave to pick up James from his grandparents’ house, Brooke walks in.  
“Where are you going?” she asks. 
“Um, taekwondo. Remember? Every Tuesday and Friday for the past month,” I say, saying every word very slowly so she understands them. 
“Don’t be funny, where are you going looking like that?” 
“Looking like what?” I should have known she would notice. I did apply some light mascara and eyeliner. 
Brooke laughs, “I’m going to taekwondo, but first, I’m going to put on makeup, curl my hair, and smell all sexy for that sexy instructor.” 
“I did not curl my hair.”  
“No, but you did do all the other stuff. And what is that smell, Victoria Secret, Hello Darling?” 
“I like it, I wear it all the time.” 
“I know you do, but I haven’t noticed that you’ve worn it to class before,” she says, smirking. 
“Well, I do.” 
“Come on, let’s go.” 
“Where are you going?” I ask. 
“I’m joining taekwondo. I want to see what the sexy instructor is all about. I bet he’s got moves and I want to see them. We need a law that requires all sexy male taekwondo instructors not to wear shirts.” 
“Brooke, stop it,” I say, laughing, because she can be so funny sometimes. I follow her outside and lock up the house. Brooke yells across the yard to her house, “Come on, boys! Let’s go, and Brice, I’ll be home later.” 
“Walk over there and get them,” I say. 
“Nah, they can hear me.” 
“This really did use to be a nice neighborhood,” I joke.  
The boys run across the yard and Brice waits on the front porch for everyone to get fastened in the car. He yells before we pull off, “Be careful, love you guys.” 
I wave out the window and yell, “Love you, too, forever and always.” Brooke and I laugh and he probably thinks I’m crazy.  
We get James from my mom’s before we go to class. As we pull up into the parking lot, I look over at Brooke. “Brooke, do not embarrass me in there and I mean it.” 
“Who, me? I wouldn’t dream of it. Come on, boys,” she says as she gets out of the passenger seat.  
We walk in and sure enough Brooke signs up for the beginners class. She looks over her shoulder at me as she walks into the changing room. I smile and wave when I see Raelynn skipping down the long hallway. Her long brown braid moves up and down with every skip. Raelynn’s hair always looks good; her mother must fix it right before she gets here. 
She sees us and runs up to us. “Hi, Miss Emma.” 
“Hi, Raelynn. How was your Thanksgiving?” 
“Fine, we put up the Christmas tree at grandpa and grandma’s house.” 
“That sounds like fun.” I kneel down so we are eye to eye. 
“It was, but mommy wasn’t there this year.” 
“Oh, did she have to work?” I ask.  
“No, I don’t have a mommy anymore.” 
Brooke comes out of the changing room and the room quickly fills up with people arriving for the next group of classes. I watch as Raelynn, James, Braden, and Briley take off for their classes. Once they go into their assigned rooms, Brooke and I go to the adult beginners class. “Where’s Mr. Sex on a Stick?” Brooke asks.  
“Who?” I ask, so no one can hear me. 
“You know, Mr. Kung Fu.” 
“It’s taekwondo; don’t confuse it with Kung Fu,” a male voice answers behind us. 
My heart drops to the pit of my stomach as Brooke and I slowly turn around. Alec is standing tall and confident just inches from us. I turn completely around and bow, and he returns the gesture. Brooke stands there and says nothing. Good, that will teach her. 
“I’m sorry, that was rude of me. I didn’t mean to offend anyone,” she finally says once she finds her voice.  
“I may have been offended if I didn’t hear the first part of your conversation,” he says, grinning. And before I have a chance to say anything, he adds, “Are we ready to get started? Your instructor had an emergency this evening, so I’ll be filling in.” Alec winks. “Don’t worry, Emma, James is in good hands.” Alec then shouts loud enough for the others to hear, “First timers to the right of the room and everyone else to the left.”  
We start right into our running and stretching exercise and then we begin our routine of kicks and punches. The girl from the front desk walks up to Alec and whispers into his ear. He smiles and looks at me. He bows and the girl walks out of the room. He walks up to me and smiles. “James is advancing to orange belt, do you want to go watch?” 
“He is? Can I? May Brooke watch?” I realize how short and simple my sentences are, but I am so excited that I am not capable of forming long, complex sentences. Not that I would use them, anyway. I value clarity over complexity. 
“Of course.” 
Alec, Brooke, and I walk out of the room and stand in the doorway of James’ class. The instructor looks at Alec and Alec nods. My eyes fill up with tears and I can barely see. “James Greyson,” a man says and James walks up to the front of the room. James bows and then the instructor bows. They remove James’ yellow belt before replacing it with the orange one. Brooke and I squeal and I cry at the same time. My nose tingles and I rub it to get it to stop. James bows before taking his place in the front row. We leave and Alec closes the door behind us and Brooke hugs me tightly.  
“Pictures, shoot, I forgot to take pictures,” I whisper.  
“Emma, they always take pictures of each child’s advancement and they’ll provide you with one sometime next week. I also got it on video if you would like a copy,” Alec says, holding up his cell phone. 
I wipe the tears from my eyes and look up at Alec. He is standing tall beside me, waving his very large phone in his hands, smiling. Without thinking I jump up and hug him. “Thank you, thank you so much.”  
He hugs me back and laughs. “Phone number?” 
“I’m sorry, what?” 
“Phone number. If you want a copy of the video, I need your phone number.” 
“Oh, right. I’m sorry.” I give him my number and we return to finish class.  
After class we call Brice to inform him of James’ advancement and he wants to celebrate with us. Brooke, me, and the boys meet Brice at Monte’s Pizzeria and we all celebrate James’ advancement with pizza and ice cream sundaes for everyone.  
Later that night I lie in bed replaying the video of James. My face hurts from the smile that is plastered to it since his small advancement ceremony. I watch and re-watch the video of James receiving a new belt. I forward it to both sets of grandparents and to Brooke and Brice.  
My phone chirps that I have a text. Assuming it’s from Brooke, I read it without looking at the name.  
Unknown number: Did you receive the video all right? 
Emma: Alec? 
Unknown number: I’m sorry. Yes, Emma, it’s Alec. I just wanted to make sure you received the video of James all right. If not, I can resend it. We don’t always have great service in the training rooms. 
Emma: I got it and have already sent it to everyone I know. Thank you so much for recording that and sending it to me. I am so grateful you did that. 
Alec: You’re welcome. I’m just glad you received it. I didn’t wake you, did I? 
Emma: No, we just got settled down. We had to go out and celebrate when we left. 
Alec: Good, I was afraid it was too late to text you, but I wanted to make sure you received it. Good night, Emma, and I’ll see you in class on Tuesday. 
Emma: Thank you again and good night. 
I lie in bed and smile. I was smiling before Alec called, but this smile feels different. That feeling low in my belly is back as I think about Alec. I stare at my phone and decide to save his number to my contacts. Who knows, I may need it one day. 
I check the mail after work and am a bit surprised to see a wedding invitation from Angel and Mason. 
ANGELICA HOPE RAMOS PEREZ
AND
DR. MASON ALEXANDER MYLES
INVITE YOU TO JOIN THEM
IN THE CELEBRATION
OF THEIR MARRIAGE
ON SATURDAY, THE THIRTY-FIRST DAY OF DECEMBER
AT
SIX THIRTY IN THE EVENING
RECEPTION FOLLOWING CEREMONY
I reread the very elegant card and run my fingers gently over the embossed lettering.  
My mind automatically drifts back to my own wedding day. Max standing at the church altar in his all-black tuxedo, smiling his all-American smile. I remember dad walking me down the aisle, my sweaty palms, fast heartbeat, and shortness of breath. I remember dad’s pep talk reminding me that I am marrying my best friend and I have no reason to be nervous about that. I remember Max waiting patiently for me to join him at the altar.  
“Momma, ready to get the Christmas tree?” James asks, excitedly. 
I look down at my precious baby boy. “I am, are you sure you want a live tree this year?” 
“Yep, and I have the perfect place to put it.”  
“You do?” I ask, kneeling down closer to him. “And where would this perfect place be?” 
“Right beside the fireplace, next to daddy’s special things.” 
My nose begins to tingle and my eyes get misty. “James, I do believe that is the perfect spot for our Christmas tree.” 
After deciding on the perfect tree, we go home and set it in the tree stand. Dad, Danny, and Brice offered to come over and help us, but this is something I wanted James and me to do together. I make some hot chocolate and put Christmas music in the C.D. player. James and I bought some new Christmas ornaments, but I also find a box of our old decorations in the garage that we’ll use. 
Once the lights and decorations are on the tree, I start a fire in the wood-burning fireplace, light some cranberry-scented candles, and stand back to admire our perfect tree.  
“Momma, it’s perfect.” 
“Yes, James. I believe it is.” 
Alec
I lie in bed and decide to text Emma to make sure she received the video of James. The look on her face when he advanced was priceless. She was one proud momma. I think about Raelynn, and James is very blessed to have a mother who loves him so much.  
I hold my phone in front of me and stare at it before deciding to save Emma’s number in my contacts. I may never get another chance to get it from her again. One day I may decide to use it again. Does this make me a creep? I wonder. Probably.  
Raelynn and I decide we need a new Christmas tree. I talk her out of a real one — bribed her more like it with a Batman costume. We decide a tall thin one would be a nice change from the short fat one her mother liked. Raelynn likes the tree to be in front of the bay window so people can see it when they drive by.  
We stick with the traditional red and white decorations, bulbs, and clear Christmas lights. Once we are finished and happy with the tree, Raelynn gets her bath and we sit in our Christmas pajamas and watch Polar Express. Rae has a snowman mug of hot chocolate, and I have a beer in a frozen mug.  
“Daddy, that’s not a Christmas mug,” Rae says, looking over at me from under her blanket. 
I look at her snowman mug and then mine. I use a Sharpie to draw a picture of a snowman on my frosted mug and show it to her. “Now it is.” I laugh. 
“Daddy,” she giggles, “you’re silly.” 
After the movie I pick her up from the couch and carry her to bed. I tuck her in and pull the covers up to her chin the way she likes them. Once she is tucked into bed, I have another beer and pick up the tinsel that is all over the family room floor, all over the couch and down the hallway floor. I grab the stack of mail sitting on the kitchen bar and begin opening it. I am surprised to see a wedding invitation from Mason and Angel. 
Wow, I didn’t see that coming. I was Angel’s doctor in the hospital after her accident and I knew Mason seemed to care for her, but wow, a wedding? Good for him and her. I finish my beer and head to bed. I have another long day at work tomorrow.  
At work the next day, I call Mom and Dad on my break to check in on Rae. I speak to her briefly and remind her to brush her teeth before bed. I also remind her to say her prayers before bedtime.  
I walk out of the break room and see a petite blond crying in the hallway alone. I walk up to her and I am surprised to see it’s Emma. “Emma, is everything all right?” 
“It’s James, he got so sick today and I couldn’t get him to stop throwing up. Please help him,” she begs. 
“Where is he?” 
“He’s in the examining room; they asked me to wait out here,” she says, crying. Her face is red and her mascara is running. “I can hear him crying, please help him.” 
“Wait here, all right?” 
She nods and cries into a Kleenex.  
I walk into the room and close the door behind me so Emma can’t hear James crying. Two nurses are with him. One is holding the emesis basin to his mouth for him to throw up in and the other nurse is getting his vital signs. I walk over to him so he can see me. I nod to the nurse and take the emesis basin from her. I sit beside James, holding the basin to his mouth. “Hi, James, I hear you are sick today.” 
“I don’t feel good.” 
“Can you tell me where it hurts?” 
He points to his head and to his belly. I assess him and get the vitals from the nurses in the room. He is running a fever and he is becoming dehydrated. “Here, let’s get you into a hospital gown,” I say to him, and then tell the nurse, “Can you please get his mother? She’s standing in the hallway.” I say to James and the other nurse. I lay the full emesis basin on the stand and help a weak James out of his clothing and into a hospital gown. 
I hear Emma crying behind me. “Here, Emma, hold this,” I say giving her a new basin to hold for James. I have learned that people feel better when they feel like they are doing something to help. “Emma?” I say so she focuses on me and not on James. 
She reluctantly looks up at me. “We are going to give him something to stop the throwing up, then we are going to start an IV of fluids and some antibiotics. Does he have any allergies to any medications?” 
“No, not that I know of.” 
“Good, we will also draw some blood and run some tests. We’ll do that last. The shot of Phenergan we will give him will help with him throwing up and it will also make him sleepy. Then we’ll do the IV of fluids and draw some blood for labs. He also has a fever so we’ll get him something for that as well.” 
She only nods and rubs James’ hair. 
“Did you call Brooke or your parents?” 
“No, I don’t want to worry them.” She sniffles. 
“Ok, I have to run to the nurses’ station for a minute. The nurses will be in to give him a shot and he should start feeling better soon.” 
She nods but doesn’t look at me. She leans over and rests her head next to James’ arm. I slowly walk out of the room and quickly do my notation and give strict instructions to Nurse Jones and Nurse Wood on the orders I want for the meds, IV, and the labs. If I can make it more comfortable for him, I will. 
Once the meds have been given and he stops throwing up and his fever comes down, James is finally able to sleep. I notify the pediatric floor there will be an admittance. “Emma?” 
She looks up at me with a weak smile. “Thank you. I don’t know what I would have done, if something happened to him.” 
I return her sad smile and sit on the stool on the other side of the bed. “He’s doing a lot better, but I want to keep him overnight for observation.” 
“I can’t leave him.” 
“I understand. The rooms all have a hard and uncomfortable recliner for parents to sleep on.” 
She laughs quietly while holding James’ hand with the IV in it. “That’s nice of them,” she says softly. 
“They do go that extra mile.” I smile. “They will be moving him up shortly. His labs came back and everything looks good. He has the flu and in a few days, he will be back to normal. They’ll continue to run the IV fluids until tomorrow, assuming he can hold food down. He should be fine to go home tomorrow.” 
“Thank you so much for everything. He is my world and I have no idea what I would do without him.” 
“You’re welcome. I think you should call your family.” 
“I will, thank you.” 
Once they move James upstairs to the peds unit, I give report to the oncoming shift and say my goodbyes to the staff. I head to my parents’ house to get Raelynn. I kiss and hug her a little longer before tucking her in bed.  
“Daddy, you’re squeezing me,” she says, giggling. 
“It’s ’cause I love you bunches and bunches.” 
“I love you, too. Good night, Daddy.” 
“Sweet dreams, Rae. See you in the morning.” 
Emma
I text mom, dad, Brooke, Cheryl, and Danny to let them know that James is in the hospital with the flu and that he is fine, but they want to keep him and monitor him for 24-48 hours. I don’t add he has an IV or was dehydrated; I don’t want to worry anyone.
I make a bed in the hard and uncomfortable recliner that is in James’ room. He has been sleeping peacefully ever since they medicated him. The nurse comes in and medicates him every four hours. I don’t sleep but just lie there praying that God heals him quickly.
A knock sounds at the door and in walks Brooke, mom, dad, Cheryl, and Danny. I smile and look behind them for Brice.
“Someone had to watch the kids,” Brooke whispers.
I smile and nod. “I told you guys not to come,” I also whisper. Mom and Cheryl are already standing at James’ bed. They are each holding one of his small hands in theirs. I watch as they carefully touch him. I blink away the tears that threaten to fall. The concern and love they have for him is amazing. Max once told me the more people who love him, the better off he’ll be. I believed that then and I still believe that today.
“Oh, Em,” Cheryl cries. “I didn’t expect to see him this sick.”
I walk over to her and hug her. “He is finally able to rest, so I know he is already getting better. He will probably be able to come home tomorrow.”
“I didn’t know he was this ill. The IV in his little hand. He looks so small lying in this big bed.”
“Oh, Cheryl, I’m sorry. I didn’t want to worry you. He really is much better.”
“Come on, Cheryl. We need to leave so they can get their rest. As you can see, he is in good hands.”
“But, Danny…”
“Cheryl, there isn’t anything we can do here. We’ll be up first thing in the morning. They both need their rest.”
“Ok, you’re right,” Cheryl reluctantly agrees. “Emma, call us if anything changes or if you need anything. We’ll be up first thing in the morning.”
“I will, thank you both for coming. I really appreciate it.”
“Come on, Millie, we need to get going, too. We’ll be back tomorrow when he’s awake,” my dad says, trying to convince my mom to leave, too.
“Really, there isn’t anything anyone can do. He needs all the rest he can get,” I say honestly.
“We better leave before security comes,” Brooke says as she stands up.
“Security? How did you all get up here after visiting hours?”
Dad coughs and clears his throat, “Danny said his daughter was in labor and we were all going to the labor and delivery unit.”
Everyone laughs quietly. That sounds just like Danny. Brooke and I hug everyone and Brooke tells them she’ll have security walk her out to her car. She wants to talk to me first.
“Are you sure you’re all right here alone?”
“Yes, mom, I’m fine and thank you.” Once everyone leaves, Brooke closes the door after them.
“What’s up?” I ask.
“Nothing.”
“You said you wanted to talk to me.”
“Oh, that. I just said that so they wouldn’t wonder why I didn’t leave with them.”
“Why didn’t you leave with them?”
“My girl needs me. I couldn’t tell them I was staying here with you. Then they would also try to stay, then all of us would get kicked out.”
“That sounds about right.” I smile.
“So, when they come in check on James, just tell them I’m your significant other. They’ll be shocked and won’t even question it.” She smiles.
“Only you would think up something like that.”
“I know, it really is a talent. I should become an author of fiction or romance or something.”
“Now you’re talking — then you can get paid for lying.”
“That sounds fun.”
We both giggle and Brooke walks over to the bed. “How is he?” she asks, reaching to touch his small hand.
I walk over and stand beside her. “He’s sick, he couldn’t stop throwing up, and he is dehydrated. Brooke, I was so scared. I kept thinking about….”
“Don’t say it. Nothing is going to happen to him,” she says, stroking his small hands. He must have had a good doctor. He looks better than you just described.”
“He did, you won’t believe who his doctor was.”
She looks up at me. “Who?”
“Alec Collins.”
“Who’s that?”
“Mr. Kung Fu.” I smile. She smiles and I know it has clicked who Alec Collins is.
“Well, isn’t he just a big bunch of yummy rolled up into one?”
“I don’t know about that, but he is a great doctor.”
The nurse walks in and medicates James again through his IV. He doesn’t stir. Brooke and I lie down and try to rest. She reclines on another chair in the room. We doze off and on throughout the night. When daylight peeks through the window, she stands up and kisses James.
“Is he awake?” I ask, stretching.
“No, I just wanted to kiss him before I leave. I need to get home and get the kids off to the school while Brice goes to work.”
I stand and walk over to her. I look at James, who is sleeping peacefully. His color is coming back and he looks even better than he did last night. “Thank you for staying; I really appreciate it. I didn’t want to be here all night by myself.”
“You really didn’t think I would leave you here alone, did you?”
“No, I didn’t. It’s good having a best friend like you. I missed you when we were apart.”
“I missed you, too. I drove Brice crazy; that’s why he agreed to move to Florida. I need to go, or he’ll be late for work.”
“Thank you so much.”
“Call me and tell me what the doctor says when he comes in. I want to know if he’ll stay another night or if he’ll be released.”
“I will, and as soon as I know something, I’ll call you.”
Brooke leaves and I stay by the bed and hold James’ small hands. I close my eyes and pray that God will help him. I wipe away the tears that stream down my cheeks.
“Momma, don’t cry.”
I look up and James is looking at me with sad eyes. I smile because my son is awake.
“Are you thinking of daddy?”
“No, James, I was thinking of you. How are you feeling?”
“I’m all better.”
I bend over and kiss his warm lips. “Good, momma was worried about you.”
Danny, dad, Cheryl, and mom come walking into the room carrying balloons, a stuffed animal, flowers, and food. James smiles when he sees all of the gifts they brought him. Dad raises the head of his hospital bed slightly so James can see everyone. I stand back away from the bed so everyone can visit with James. James is the only grandchild on both sides of our families. Max was an only child and so am I.
Dad hands me the sack with the food and hands James the balloons and stuffed animal.
The grandparents fuss over James and he loves it. My phone chirps, alerting me that I have a text. “I’m surprised to see it’s from Alec.
Alec: Good morning, Emma, it’s Alec. How’s James this morning?
Emma: Good morning. He’s awake and visiting with his grandparents.
Alec: That’s great. I won’t keep you. I told Raelynn that James wasn’t feeling well, and she would like to send him some balloons. Would that be all right?
Emma: You don’t need to do that.
Alec: I know. Rae really likes him and she thinks balloons will make him feel better. You know how kids are.
Emma: I do and he would love them. Please thank her for us. That is very sweet of her and you.
Alec: No problem, you can expect them sometime this morning. Hope he feels better soon.
Emma: Thank you again for everything, he already does.
The nurse comes in and brings James some clear liquids for his breakfast. She informs us he needs to start off with clear liquids to see if he can hold them down. James drinks some chicken broth and I pray he doesn’t throw it up. He dozes off and on throughout the morning. Both sets of grandparents stay close by and watch over him.
He wakes up when the nurse comes in with a bouquet of balloons.
“A delivery for James Greyson,” the nurse says, cheerfully.
“I’m James Greyson.”
“Then these are for you.” She walks over to him and sets the large bouquet of helium balloons in his bed for him to see.
I walk over and smile big at my son. He is looking at each balloon and the stuffed ninja holding the balloons. “Momma, look.”
“I see, you want to read the card?”
“Yes, please.”
I carefully remove the card and smile.
James,
I hope you feel better soon, Raelynn.
“Well, these are lovely, but who is Raelynn?” my mother asks. I am grateful Alec omitted his name from the card.
“Raelynn’s my ninja friend,” James says.
“She is the daughter of James’ instructor in taekwondo.”
“Oh, how did she know he was in here?” Cheryl asks.
“He is also the doctor who saw James in the emergency room last night.” Please don’t ask anything else.
“He’s a ninja, too.” James adds.
“Wow, sounds like he’s many things, James,” Danny says, smiling.
Brooke walks into the room and smiles when she sees that James is awake. She has showered and changed her clothes since she left this morning. She hugs everyone and then she hugs James, last.
“Look, Aunt Brooke, ninjas.” He smiles.
“Wow, that’s cool.”
“Raelynn give them to me.”
“Raelynn gave them to you,” I correct.
“That was nice of her,” Brooke says, looking back to me. She turns back around and looks at each balloon. There is a ninja, a bear in a hospital bed, a puppy, and a get-well-soon balloon.
“These are all very nice. How are you feeling?” she asks, feeling his forehead with the back of her hand.
“Better, I want to go home.”
James’ pediatrician, Dr. Alfredo Giangreco, comes in and checks on James before releasing him. He has an antibiotic he’ll need to complete and he will need to rest for a few days. Dad and Danny collect all of James’ balloons and goodies before leaving to get the car. They put James in a wheelchair and push him to the awaiting car. Dad is driving my car, and Danny is driving James and me home.
Once we get everything inside the house and James lies down for a nap, everyone leaves. Brooke tells me she’ll be over tonight with dinner. I lock up and take a nap with James in my bed. I still don’t sleep with him, but I do make exceptions sometimes.
Chapter Six: A Not-So-White Christmas
Alec
“Daddy, I like this balloon and this one and this one,” Raelynn says, excitedly.  
“Do you think he needs a stuffed bear or a giraffe or something?” 
“How about this?” 
I look over at Raelynn and she is holding a stuffed ninja. I smile and say, “That is perfect.” 
I work nightshift tonight so I drop Raelynn off at Molly’s parents’ house. They are always so excited to see her. Raelynn skips up the sidewalk and I walk behind her. Molly’s mom is standing on the porch waiting for her.  
I say, “Rae, be good for grandma and grandpa and I’ll see you in the morning. I love you.” 
“Ok, daddy. I love you, too.” 
I look at Molly’s mom, Bridget, and say, “I’ll be here early enough to take her to school.” She nods and I turn to leave.  
“Alec?”  
I turn around to see Bridget stepping down off the porch. “Yes, Bridget?” I say, walking over to her. 
“Alec, I wanted to thank you for letting us keep her.” 
“Bridget, I know you both love her and Raelynn loves spending time with you.” 
“We love having her. I just wanted you to know how much we appreciate it.” 
I smile and nod, “I know you do. I’ll be here first thing in the morning to get her.” 
“Ok, she’ll be ready.” 
“I’ll see you in the morning.” 
“Good night, Alec.” 
 I get into the car and I am surprised to see a text from Emma. 
Emma: Thank you for the balloons and the stuffed ninja. James loves them.  
Alec: Thank you. I can’t take the credit; it was Raelynn’s idea and she also picked everything out. 
Emma: He loved everything, especially the stuffed ninja. Please thank her for us. 
Alec: I sure will. How is he feeling? 
Emma: He’s home, he slept most of the day, and he’s not eating much.  
Alec: He was pretty sick. Let him sleep as much as he wants and offer liquids when he’s awake. Every day he’ll feel better and better. 
Emma: I will and thank you. 
Alec: Anytime. 
The night goes by uneventfully, and Raelynn is ready and waiting for me when I get there. I drop her off at school, and before heading home to sleep I make a quick stop at the store. Mason is in line in front of me at the checkout.  
“Just getting off work?” he asks.  
“Yeah, just going in, I see.” 
“I have bills and a wedding to pay for.” Mason smiles.  
“I got your wedding invitation in the mail the other day. Sorry, but I haven’t had time to R.S.V.P. yet. Congratulations, I’m happy for you. Angel seems like a wonderful girl,” I say, honestly.  
“Thank you, and she is. I’ll let Angel know you’ll be coming. She’ll also want to know if you’ll be bringing anyone?” 
“No, it’ll be just me.” 
“Alec, we are having a few people over for a small get-together on Christmas Eve. You and Raelynn should come. It’s nothing big, just a few friends and family.” 
“Raelynn is actually spending Christmas Eve with her grandparents this year.”  
“Then you should come. You know Donovan and Vincent already.” 
“Ok, text me the time and the address. I may be able to stop over. Thanks.” 
“All right, I’ll do that. See you next week.” 
The next week goes by with me spending the weekend at work and Raelynn spending the weekend with Molly’s parents. I haven’t seen or spoken to Emma; they haven’t been at taekwondo since James became ill. Her friend Brooke and Brooke’s two sons have been there. I did ask how James was feeling and she said much better. She also added they should both be returning to class after the holidays.  
It’s Christmas Eve and I am debating on going to Mason and Angel’s Christmas Eve party. I always miss Molly this time of year. I miss her all the time, but the holidays are always the hardest. I dress in a black suit with a red tie, which seems festive enough. I also stop by and grab an expensive bottle of white wine to take with me. I have no idea what to bring, Molly always took care of that.  
I pull up at Mason and Angel’s house; their gate has been left open. I pull into the large driveway. I consider turning around when I see all the cars parked in the driveway. Some of the cars I know, and some I don’t.  
I get out of the car, straighten my tie, button my jacket, and stand tall. I am greeted at the door by Vincent’s wife, Brea. I walk into the house and automatically see Emma and James off to the side of the room. I also see Donovan and Sara standing near Vincent. Great, a couples’ party, I think to myself. I walk further into the house, thinking this is a huge mistake. I’ll make an excuse and leave early. Angel walks up and hugs me. 
“Hi, Alec, so glad you could make it. Please make yourself at home.” 
“Here, Angel,” I say handing her the bottle of wine. “Thank you for inviting me.” 
“Thank you, I’m glad you could make it. I really never had a chance to thank you for everything you did for me when I was in the hospital.” 
“No thanks needed. I’m just glad it all worked out.” I smile. Mason must have told her I was her doctor while she was in critical care.  
“Well, thank you and thank you for the wine. Mason is setting up the bar if you want to head out there. Do you already know Vincent and Donovan?” 
“I do; we are racquetball buddies.”  
“Oh, yeah, that’s right. Let me introduce you to my aunt and uncle.” 
“We already met in the hospital. I’ll go find Mason. Do you want me to take this with me?” I ask, pointing at the gifted bottle of wine. 
“Yes, please, and help yourself to drinks and appetizers.” 
I walk in and see that Mason is refilling the ice and adding more drinks to the bar.  
“Nice party.” 
Mason looks up and smiles. “Glad you could make it.” 
“Thank you for inviting me. I’m not sure how long I’ll be able to stay.” 
“Why, are you on call?” he asks, picking up the empty boxes. 
“No, it looks like a couples’ party, that’s all.” 
“Alec, it’s not. But I must warn you now, I think Angel has something up her sleeve for you and her friend Emma.” 
We both laugh and Angel walks up to us. “Mason, would you pour me a glass of wine? And Alec, would you mind helping Donovan and Vincent put the train set together for James?”  
“No, Angel, I don’t mind.” I look over and smile at Mason, who is laughing.  
“Alec, take this with you and give it to Emma.” 
 “What are you drinking?” Mason asks.  
“I’ll have a Bud Light, please.” 
“I’m going to go and give Arturo his gift. See ya,” Angel says as she walks away. 
“See, man, I told ya. If Angel gets too pushy, let me know.” Mason says, handing me my beer and Emma’s glass of wine. 
“I will, this should be interesting.” 
“To say the least.” Mason laughs.  
I walk over and hand Emma her glass of wine. Donovan and Vincent are sitting on the floor with train tracks scattered around them.  
“Thank you, Alec,” Emma says, taking the wine glass from me.  
“You’re welcome. James is feeling better, I see.” 
“Much better, thank you.” 
I take a drink of my beer and sit down on the floor next to James. He looks over at me and smiles. “Feeling better?” 
“I am, thank you for the balloons and the stuffed ninja.” 
“You’re welcome. Raelynn picked those out for you.” Emma stands and walks over to be near Angel. 
“Is she here?” James asks, looking around the room.  
“No, James, she is with her grandparents tonight. Will you be back at taekwondo next week?” 
“Yes, sir, momma wanted to make sure I was all better first.” 
I look around the room and Angel and Emma are standing in the other room. Emma has her eyes on James and is watching him closely. “Well, that’s good, we miss you there.” 
“Thank you,” James says, trying to attach the train tracks. 
Once everything is put together, we put the batteries in the train and watch it go around the track. Emma is sitting beside James and Angel is kneeling down near James.  
“Look, Miss Angel, look how fast it goes.” 
“Wow, James, that is very fast. I’m so glad you like it.” Angel smiles.  
“Momma said my Daddy loved trains when he was my age. I think he would like this train.”  
I look at James; he has a sad look on his face.  
“Buddy, I think your Daddy wishes he was here to play with you right now,” Angel says with tears in her eyes. 
Emma is hugging her son, and I am amazed at how well they both are adjusting. Emma is 26 and raising a four-year-old son alone. Angel stands and walks out of the room. I turn my attention back to the train set and try to lift the somber mood. 
“Look, James, it has a whistle,” I say. James watches me push the button and the whistle sounds. We both smile and he comes over to me and sits down. 
“May I try?” he asks.  
“Sure, it’s this button right here.”  
I look over at Emma and she is smiling at James. She has a stray tear on her cheek that she wipes away. James and I play a few more minutes before someone announces that the food is ready. James turns off the train set and walks over to his mother. I stand up from the floor and Emma walks over to me. “Thank you,” Emma says, looking over at James.  
Emma
Alec, James, and I walk into the formal dining room where a large spread of food is on the table. I expected Alec to walk away from James and me, but I am pleasantly surprised when he stays with us. We gather into a circle to say a prayer when James walks over and squeezes in between Mason and Angel. I smile at the way Angel and James have bonded. I watch as Mason and Angel both hold hands with James. I reach my hand out for Alec and he readily accepts it.
Once the grace is said, we begin to eat. Angel brings me over another glass of white wine and asks James if he would like to be her ring bearer in her wedding. I smile and he looks confused. She explains what it means and the importance of the job of the ring bearer, and James soon realizes this is a big deal and agrees.
After dinner and dessert, we help with the clean-up and Alec and Mason puts James’ train set back into the large box it came in. We say our goodbyes and Alec carries the train set out to the car for us. “Thank you, I appreciate that,” I say, as Alec maneuvers the large box into my trunk.
“I’ll follow you home,” Alec states.
“No really, that’s ok, I’m fine.” I finish buckling James into his booster seat.
“Do you have someone to help you with this when you get home?” he asks, looking at the trunk of the car where the large box is.
“No,” I say as Alec holds my car door open for me to get in. “I can manage that myself.”
“I’ll follow you there. Do you have everything you need?” he asks, still holding the car door open for me.
“Yes” is all I can say.
He closes my car door and walks back to get into his car. I watch him with my mouth open. I find him very attractive and his demeanor is very sexy. I think I like his in-control, do-what-I-say tone. He flashes his headlights to alert me he is ready. I look back at James; he is already falling asleep.
I drive home in silence, looking back periodically at James and the car following closely behind us. Although I can’t see Alec because of the darkness, I get goose bumps thinking about him following us. I pull up into the driveway, and before I can get out of the car Alec is opening my car door for me.
“I’ll get James while you unlock the door,” he says.
I look in the back seat; James is sound asleep. I reach for my purse and the unopened gift Angel sent home with me. I stand there and watch as Alec gingerly removes James from his booster seat and holds him close to his chest. James automatically wraps his arms around Alec’s neck and I smile. He is the first man to hold James like that since Max died.
I walk up the few steps leading to the porch, unlock the door, and turn on the lights. Alec is right behind me. He follows me down the hall and into James’ bedroom. He stops at the doorway and waits for me to turn the covers down. I lean up from the bed and see Alec staring at the wall-mounted train that goes around the perimeter of the room. I just smile because I already know this train is impressive.
Alec finally looks at me and smiles. He walks over to the bed and lays James on it. I reach into the dresser and get a pair of pajamas out to change James into.
“I’ll get the train set from the car,” Alec says.
“Ok, thank you. I’ll be out in a few minutes,” I say, holding out the pair of Christmas pajamas for James to wear.
When I walk out into the living room, Alec is sitting on the floor with the train set out of the box and scattered around the floor. His suit jacket and tie are off and laid over the arm of the chair. I clear my throat and he looks up. “What are you doing?” I ask, although I know the answer.
He laughs, “Putting this together, unless you want to.” I look down at all the small pieces and decide I would rather have him do it.
“Coffee, beer, or wine?”
“Beer.” He smiles.
“Beer it is. I’m going to change first, just give me a minute.”
“Good idea, this may be an all-nighter.”
“Really?” I ask, concerned.
He smiles and winks at me. “No, relax, I’m just kidding.”
“You’re not funny.” I walk out of the room and realize I am still smiling. This is the first Christmas Eve without Max that I am not crying. I change into a pair of yoga pants and a sweatshirt. I usually wear Max’s sweatshirts, but I decide to wear my own tonight.
I walk out of the bedroom and peek into the living room. Alec is still sitting on the floor working diligently putting the train set together. I pour a glass of wine for myself and get a bottle of beer for Alec. After putting some grapes, cubed cheese, and crackers on a plate, I carry the tray of food and drinks into the living room and place it on the coffee table.
I sit on the floor and hand Alec his unopened bottle of beer. “Here ya go.”
“Thank you,” he says, taking the beer from me and opening it. He looks at the tray of food and then at the glass of wine.
“How’s the train coming along?” I ask, looking at the partially put-together train.
“Not too bad,” he says, taking a long drink of his beer.
I look around the floor and I don’t see the instruction booklet anywhere. I smile because I already know he is looking at the picture on the box as his guide. I look inside the box and pull out the instruction booklet and wave it at him.
“What?” He smiles.
“Do you need these?”
Alec smiles and proudly looks at the train set on the floor. “Does it look like I need instructions?”
I smile, too. I look at the train, the box, and then the instructions.
He laughs, “No, Emma, the answer is no. I do not need instructions to put this together.”
“I was just checking,” I say, taking a drink of my wine.
We sit on the floor together and when the train set is almost done, I get up and get Alec another cold beer. I walk into the spare bedroom and start to get James’ wrapped Christmas gifts from the closet. I put the larger wrapped gifts in the back of the Christmas tree and then the smaller ones towards the front. I bring out a bag with other gifts and place it on the floor. I empty the bag of toys and batteries and set them neatly together. I want to make sure all the gifts have batteries already in them when James opens them.
Alec smiles and says, “Only a mother would think to do that.”
“Thank you. I remember my dad always having to go out and get batteries on Christmas morning for our baby dolls and games.”
“I know what you mean; Molly was always good at remembering the batteries and the turkey bags.”
“Who is Molly?” I ask, opening up a box of remote control cars.
“Molly is Raelynn’s mother. She is no longer with us.”
I think, She must have died. I should not pry.
I tuck the last gift under the tree and gather all the trash into the now empty bag.
He stands up and takes the bag of trash from me. “Is the trash in the garage?”
I also stand with him. “Yes, but I can do it.”
“I got it, I think I should get going, I have kept you long enough.”
“Alec?”
“Yes?” he says, turning around to look at me.
“Since Rae is with her grandparents and James is sound asleep, would you want to hang out and maybe watch a movie or something? This is the first Christmas Eve since my husband’s death that I haven’t cried. And I know, as soon as you walk out that door, the tears will come like they do every year.”
“Let me take the trash to the garage and then we can decide on a movie.”
I smile a big smile when I realized he just agreed to stay. “Another beer?”
“No, thank you. Water?”
“Coming right up.” I follow him into the kitchen and direct him through the laundry room and then to the garage. I open a bottle of water for him and pop some microwave popcorn. He smiles when he enters the kitchen.
“Who doesn’t love popcorn? Do you have any seasoning salt?”
“Do you put it on your popcorn too?” I ask. Max used to make fun of me because I would add seasoning salt to our popcorn. I have been doing that since I was a teenager. Sprinkle a little on top and shake it around. There is nothing like it.
“What do you mean, too? I thought I was the only one to do that.”
“Nope, great minds really do think alike,” I say, laughing.
While the popcorn is finishing popping, Alec disappears into the living room. He comes back into the kitchen and asks for some matches or a lighter, then he disappears back into the living room again. I walk into the bedroom and get two pillows and two throw blankets.
When I return to the living room, Alec has a fire going in the fireplace. He is standing at the mantle looking at Max’s flag, his medals, and his gold star. I put the blankets and pillows on the couch and walk over to him and stand.
“I’m truly sorry for your loss,” he says, but he doesn’t look at me. He stares at Max’s flag that covered his casket.
“Thank you, he died four years ago, and I still miss him every day,” I say honestly.
“James was a baby,” Alec says, and it’s not a question.
“He was just a couple months old. James has no memory of him.”
Alec turns to look at me. “I’m sorry.”
“Thank you, I appreciate that.”
“I went ahead and started a fire, I hope it’s ok.”
“It’s a great idea, thank you. What Christmas movie do you want to watch?”
“Christmas movie?” he asks.
“Yes, it’s Christmas Eve. We have to watch a Christmas movie,” I say, smiling.
“It’s actually Christmas morning,” Alec corrects. “Merry Christmas.”
I look at the clock on the wall and it’s 12:09 am. “I guess it is and Merry Christmas to you, too.”
“How about Die Hard?”
“I said a Christmas movie. You know, Miracle on 34th Street, Frosty, or Rudolph.” I smile.
“Die Hard is a Christmas movie,” he says with a twinkle in his eyes and a smile on his lips.
“Ok, I’ll give you that; it has a Christmas tree in it.”
“It has an entire Christmas party with Christmas music and everything.” He grins.
“It is very festive,” I joke, “If I had it, we could watch it, but I don’t, so sorry,” I say, although I don’t mean it. I like that movie, but it’s not what I had in mind.
“So, if you had it we could watch it? Is that right?” he asks with a raised brow.
“Yep, but I don’t. Rudolph, Frosty the Snowman, or Miracle on 34th Street?”
“I happen to have my favorite Christmas movie, Die Hard, in my car. Let me run out to get it.”
“You do not,” I say.
“Wanna bet?” he says, smirking.
Do I really want to bet? I think to myself. “What’s the bet?”
“Let me think… if I have the movie in my car, you go to Mason and Angel’s wedding with me next weekend.”
“And… if you don’t have it?”
“I’ll stay and watch all the Christmas movies you want.”
“As many as I want?”
“I’ll watch them all twice,” he says, smiling.
I take a step closer and put my hand out for his, “Mr. Collins, you have yourself a bet.”
He reaches for my hand and shakes it. “Ms. Greyson, I’ll be back with the movie and we have a date for next week. Just so you know, my favorite color is red.”
“Why would I need to know that?”
“So you know what color dress to wear.” He winks at me and walks to the front door.
I watch him from the front window as he walks to his car. He reaches for something, closes his car door and waves a clear plastic case at me and smiles. He re-enters the house, locking the door behind him, wearing a smile and carrying a movie. “Where’s the DVD player?”
“You really carry that stupid movie around with you?”
“I never leave home without it.” He smiles. “Actually, my car came with a DVD player already installed. So I keep a variety of movies in the car for passengers in the back seat. Sorry, but where’s your DVD player?”
“It’s under the TV on the bottom shelf.” I toss a pillow and blanket on the couch for Alec, place the popcorn on the coffee table and I sit on one end of the couch covered up with my blanket waiting for the movie to start.
Alec
“Emma, are you ready to get into the Christmas spirit?” I ask, picking up a bowl of popcorn and sitting on the couch. 
“Do you think this is the movie to do that?”  
“No, not really, but I do love this movie. Lucky for me it’s Christmas and you lost a bet.” I smile.  
“Yeah, lucky for you. I was hoping we could watch Lethal Weapon when we’re done with this. You know, really get into the Christmas spirit.” She smiles a smile to match mine.  
“What, you have that movie?” I ask, excitedly. 
“No, thank God, I don’t. But, I do have A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens, we can watch.” 
“Now that’s a classic. We’ll watch that later.”  
Emma stands up quickly, “I almost forgot,” she says, before leaving the room. I wait on the couch for her and she returns with a glass of milk, a plate of Christmas cookies, and a bowl of sugar. “I have to feed Santa and the reindeer.” She arranges everything neatly on the dining room table. 
I smile and raise the blanket up for her to sit down. Once she is seated, I cover her up and hand her a bowl of popcorn. “Thank you.” 
We both watch the movie and although she claims she doesn’t like this movie, I think she does. She laughs and smiles and covers her face with the blanket in certain parts. I smile: She is such a girl. Towards the end of the movie, I look over at her and she is sound asleep. I check the time and it is almost 2:30 a.m.  
I stand up quietly, cover Emma up with her blanket, and turn off the TV. I grab my tie and jacket and get ready to leave. Looking over at the table with the milk, cookies, and sugar, I walk over to it. I partially eat a cookie, drink some of the already warm milk and throw away most of the sugar in the bowl. I also scatter some cookie crumbs on the table to make it look like Santa was messy or in a hurry.  
I look for a notebook and pen and I am happy when I see them lying on the kitchen counter. I write a note to Emma and leave it on the coffee table for her.  
I check on James and cover him up before I leave. I look back at Emma and she has pulled the blankets up to her chin. I smile and lock and shut the door behind me. On the drive home, my mind drifts back to the last six hours that I was with Emma and James. I like her and although it was done on a bet, I am excited that I have a date with her to go to Angel and Mason’s wedding.  
I go home and shower before bed. I need to pick up Raelynn in the morning and then we are having dinner at my parents. Although Molly is not in the picture, I try to do my part to include Molly’s parents in Raelynn’s life. 
Emma
“Em, Emma, wake up.” 
I blink a few times and smile. Max is lying beside me on the couch. He smiles; his clear blue eyes are beautiful. “You’re here?” 
“I am, I have missed you,” he says, leaning over to kiss the tip of my nose. He gently caresses my earlobe like he always does. “I love you so much.” 
“I love you, and I have missed you.” 
“Merry Christmas, Em.” 
“Merry Christmas, Max. Where have you been? You used to visit me in my dreams, but now, I hardly ever see you.” 
“You are doing so well, I don’t need to be here with you that often.” 
“But I want you here,” I say, sadly. 
“I would rather be no place else than right here with you and James.” 
I nod. I lean over and touch Max’s scruffy face. 
“Em, please, tell James how much I love him. Tell him Merry Christmas for me.” 
“I will and I love you,” I say, trying to memorize every moment of this visit. 
“I love you, always and forever?” He smiles. 
“Forever and always,” I correct. 
Closing my eyes, I try to put his sweet face and voice to memory. A chill is in the air and I shiver. I look at the red embers in the fireplace and remember last night when Alec was here. I smile and shiver again. After I wrap the blanket around me, I walk over and put a small log in the fireplace. I hope the embers are hot enough that it’ll catch. Although we live in Florida, it still gets cool enough to use a fireplace or run the heater in the winter time. 
I start to fold the blankets on the couch when I see a note on the coffee table. I smile when I realize it’s from Alec.  
Emma,
Merry Christmas,
Thank you for a wonderful evening. I ate the cookies and drank the milk you left out for Santa. You had fallen asleep, and I thought it was supposed to look like Santa had eaten them. Well, that’s what it’s supposed to look like at my house. I’m sorry the movie bored you and you fell asleep watching it. I owe you a movie night to make up for last night, or early this morning. Any movie you want and anytime you want. It’s the least I can do.
Alec
P.S. Looking forward to our date next Saturday. The wedding starts at 6:30 p.m. so I’ll pick you and James up at 5:15. I think James needs to be there a little early since he is in the wedding.
I reread the note and smile. I also look around the room. The TV is off, the door is locked and the glass of milk is almost empty. “Momma, momma, it’s Christmas,” James yells, running down the hallway. I stand up and greet him with my biggest smile.  
He smiles and runs into my arms. I hug him and kiss his soft hair. “Merry Christmas, James.” 
“Merry Christmas, momma. Can we open our gifts now?” he asks, excitedly.  
A knock sounds at the door — I already know who it is. “I think your grandparents want to be here to see you open them.” 
“Yay, they’re here, they’re here.” He jumps up and down before running towards the door. I follow behind him and sure enough, both sets of grandparents are standing on the porch and holding wrapped gifts.  
I open the door wide and they enter one at a time, kissing me on the cheek. James walks with them and leads them to the Christmas tree. When Danny enters last, I close the door behind him and lock it.  
I stand back and watch everyone place their gifts under the tree. I see the note from Alec on the table and walk over to get it. I would hate for someone to see it and misinterpret its meaning. Danny walks past me and smiles. “Where are you going?” I ask. 
“You know Cheryl. I need to get a casserole and homemade cinnamon rolls from the car.” 
I smile and look at Cheryl. “You made your famous cinnamon rolls for breakfast?” 
“Of course, I know how much my grandson and you love them.” 
My mouth waters and I need to lick my lips. “I’ll get some coffee on.”  
“Momma, can we open our presents?” 
“After we eat. Do you want to see if Santa ate his cookies and milk?” 
James smiles and jumps up from the floor where he was sitting between the tree and the fireplace. I smile when I see the log has finally caught on fire. I follow James into the dining room, where he climbs onto a chair so he can see the plate, bowl, and glass. “Look, momma, Santa was hungry.” 
I look at the cookie crumbs on the plate and on the table and smile. “He sure was, and he was a bit messy, too.” 
I pick up the dishes and carry them into the kitchen. Once the coffee is done and we are all sitting at the table eating, we talk about previous Christmases when Max was a child. James listens while we tell funny stories about his daddy when he was small.  
“One Christmas Max opened up all of his presents and played with the empty boxes instead of the toys all day long. He built the biggest fort you have ever seen.” Danny speaks fondly of his son. We laugh and cry. The memories are nice, but the pain that lives deep in your heart will never go away.  
“One time he tried to ride his pet dog, Dexter. He had his conductor’s hat on with his bib overalls saying ‘choo… choo,’ like he was a train,” Cheryl adds. Dexter was a black lab and he loved Max.  
Cheryl tells James that one year his dad said he wanted to be a Smurf when he grew up. We all laugh and James asks what a Smurf is. 
After we eat, we leave the dishes on the table. My dad sets up a video recorder on the tripod in the corner of the room and Cheryl is elected to play Santa Claus. Every year someone is chosen to be Santa and their job is to wear a red Santa hat, sit nearest to the tree, and pass out the gifts. 
James giggles when his grandmother wears the Santa hat. We all sit on the floor in a circle and wait as Cheryl calls out the name on the gifts, then we pass the gifts to that person. James has a very large stack and is already opening his gifts. We wait and watch him open his gifts before we open ours. 
He is excited about everything he got, even the clothing. I am grateful to see all the nice clothes his grandparents got for him. James has so many toys, so the clothes are a nice surprise.  
“We noticed he is having a growth spurt, so we decided clothing would be better than toys this year,” my mom whispers. 
I nod. “He is getting so tall, he can definitely use the clothes.”  
After all the gifts are opened and the dishes are done, everyone leaves. We are having an early Christmas dinner at Mom and Dad’s. Cheryl and Danny will also be there. Brooke, Brice, and the boys went home to Oklahoma for the holidays. I miss them, but I know they are having a great time, although Brooke calls me every day complaining about the cold and snow. That girl is never happy. When she is here, she complains about the heat.  
James takes a bath and once he is dressed in his new clothes, I take a bubble bath. I leave the door open so I can hear him playing in the other room.  
After dinner and we visit with everyone, James asks if we can go home and play with his new toys. We say our goodbyes with hugs and kisses. On the drive home, I tell James that his daddy loves him and misses him.  
“I know he does,” James says. 
“You do?” 
“Yep, I had a dream about him last night. In my dream he was playing with my ear and it tickled.” 
I get goose bumps. “He did? Did he say anything?” 
“Yep, he said he loves me and you, ever and ever.” 
“Did he say, always and forever?” 
“Yep, that’s what I said, ever and ever.” 
I smile and look away. My nose tingles and my eyes fill up with tears. Max visits me in my dreams, but I didn’t know he also visited James. Why am I surprised? A tear falls onto my cheek. Max loved James before we even had him. Of course, he would visit him and make sure he is all right.  
We go home and James and I change into sweatpants and tee shirts. We play with his remote control cars and his trains, and we watch a movie he got in his stocking, The Lego Movie. I remember Alec saying Raelynn was with her grandparents. I look at my phone and then the movie. Should I call him? I pick up my phone and scroll through my text messages until I find the ones from him. I look under the tree at the single wrapped gift sitting under it. James wanted to get Raelynn a gift for Christmas.  
I’ll text him and see what he’s doing. 
Emma: How is your and Rae’s Christmas? 
He is probably busy. I shouldn’t have sent it. I am shocked when my phone chirps with an incoming text. 
Alec: It was good, and how was yours and James’? 
Emma: Good, just sitting here watching The Lego Movie. 
Alec: Sounds like fun. We are watching The Polar Express for the 50th time. 
That makes me smile. A grown macho man is watching The Polar Express. That’s kind of hot, too.  
Emma: Sounds like fun, too. 
Alec: Now I know how you felt watching Die Hard with me last night. Please forgive me.  
I laugh out loud at his comment.  
Emma: That was pretty tough to take. Oh. You left your movie here and thank you for eating the cookies and drinking the milk last night. 
Alec: Anytime, I love cookies and milk. That reminds me, I’m starving. Is there a pizza place open tonight? 
Emma: I have no idea. I’m hungry, too. We ate Christmas dinner early today. If you find one open, let me know.  
Alec: Hold on and I’ll check. 
I smile at the thought of having pizza on Christmas day. I think this will be a first for me. Or am I smiling because of Alec? 
Alec: Hey, we’re in luck. I found a place. No delivery, just carry-out only.  
Emma: Great, do you and Raelynn want to come over here and eat? Maybe the kids could play together.  
Alec: I asked Rae and she is already putting her shoes on. So, that is a yes. What do you like on your pizza? 
“James, do you want pizza for dinner?’ 
“Yes, momma. Pepperoni, please.” 
Emma: James and I like pepperoni. 
Alec: Ordering it now, so I’ll be there in 30 minutes or so.  
Emma: Great, see you soon. 
Alec and Raelynn come over carrying a very large pizza. James runs to the door when he sees them pull up. I smile and wait on the porch for them. Raelynn skips up on the porch first and she and James dart past me and go into his room. I hear the train on his wall start up and the whistle blow.  
Smiling, Alec walks up on the porch. “Merry Christmas,” he says. 
“Merry Christmas to you.”  
“Honey, I’m home and I have dinner,” he says, holding up the very large pizza. 
“Not just dinner, but Christmas dinner,” I add. 
We both laugh as we walk into the house together.  
We eat the pizza on paper Christmas plates sitting around the dinner table. “You sure do know how to set a beautiful table,” Alec says, holding up his paper Santa cup.  
“Thank you, I do like to save my fine china for special occasions.” I laugh. 
“I think this is a first for us,” I say, looking at James, Raelynn, and then Alec. “Having pizza for Christmas.” 
Alec looks at me and then to Raelynn, “I think this is a first for Raelynn and me, too.” 
After dinner, Alec starts a fire in the fireplace and we all play Operation and Chutes and Ladders while Christmas shows play on the television.  
We unwind by having pumpkin pie and whip cream while watching Miracle on 34th Street. The kids fall asleep before the movie ends. Alec and I talk and laugh well past midnight. I learn he is one of four children and I also learn that he has a four-year-old twin niece and nephew, and another small nephew, and that his sister is pregnant with her and her husband’s first child. I also learn that his father is a surgeon and his mother is a college professor in English. 
He is surprised to learn that I am an only child and that James is the only grandchild on both sides of his family. I tell him Max’s parents live on the island and that they are very involved in James’ life. I want him to understand they are a part of my life and that will never change.  
Alec
I tuck Raelynn into bed and kiss her goodnight. I also text Emma once I get the house picked up. 
Alec: I just want to thank you for a great evening. 
Emma: You’re welcome, I can’t remember ever having a Christmas like this one.  
Alec: Pizza for Christmas dinner is definitely a first for us. 
Emma: And for us. 
Alec: Good night, Emma. 
Emma: Good night, Alec. 
Alec: Are we still on for breakfast? 
Emma: I am looking forward to it. 
Alec: Good, me, too, We’ll be there at 9. 
I think back on the last few days and I am ready to move forward with my life. I thank Emma for that. Spending time with her has opened my eyes to see what life for Raelynn and me could be like. It doesn’t have to be filled with sadness and loneliness.  
The next morning I pick up Emma and James for breakfast and then we were going to do some after-Christmas shopping. This will be a first for Emma and myself to shop after Christmas for next Christmas. During breakfast at The Broken Egg Restaurant, I get a call from mom and dad saying my sister, Cameron, is at the hospital in active labor.  
“Is everything all right?” Emma says. 
“It’s fine, my sister is at the hospital in labor.” 
“Oh, wow, that’s exciting,” Emma says. 
“Aunt Cameron is going to have her baby?” Rae asks.  
“Yep, Rae, you’re going to have a baby cousin soon.” 
“Yay,” Rae says excitedly. 
“Do you want me to watch Rae while you meet your family at the hospital?” Emma asks. 
“Emma, I was thinking maybe you could come to the hospital with us,” I say, picking up the bill to pay it. 
“Your family will be there, right?” 
“Yes, I’m sure they will all be there.” 
“Alec, do you think that’s a good idea? Maybe it’s too soon for me to meet your family.” 
We all stand up from the table. “I think it will be a good time for you to meet them. They’ll all be together at the same place. If you meet one, you might as well meet them all.” 
Once we arrive at the hospital, I realize we are the last to arrive. Mom and dad are pacing the floor and everyone else is sitting on the couches and chairs. They all look at the door when we enter. I didn’t tell them I was bringing Emma or her son. Rae hugs mom and dad before she walks around the room, kissing and hugging her aunts and uncles.  
I walk up to my mom and dad and introduce them to Emma and James. They greet her warmly just as I knew they would. “We were having breakfast when you called, so we came right over,” I explain. “Is there any news about Cameron?” 
“No, Ian is with her now.” 
I hug both my parents and look around the room. Raelynn and James are the only children here. “Where are the twins and Noah?” 
“Jill and Victoria’s parents came to their house to watch the kids,” my mom says as she continues to pace the room. 
Ian’s family isn’t here. They live out of state and plan to be here next week, after the holidays. 
“Mom, you do know everything will be all right?” I say, as I continue to watch her pace. 
“Alec, your mother won’t rest until the baby is here and both mom and baby are healthy,” Dad says. 
Raelynn comes up to James and asks, “Do you want to color with me?” 
James and Rae go to the empty table where she lays her coloring books and crayons out.  
I look over at Emma, “Ready to meet the rest of the family?” 
Emma takes my hand and I walk her around the room introducing her to my two brothers and their wives. They all give me a look but don’t say anything. My parents are the only ones who knew I was seeing someone. I smile when they make pleasantries and Emma points to James and tries to introduce him from afar. Everyone seems to get along and it doesn’t feel awkward at all.  
“Is the coffee fresh?” I ask 
“Mom just made it,” Blake says.  
Emma and I get a cup of coffee and join Raelynn at the table. I watch her fold a bright yellow piece of construction paper in half. She uses different color markers and colored pencils to draw with. I watch as she opens up the card and writes something on the inside. When she is done, she smiles and hands it to me. I look at the card and see that she wrote “Happy Birthday, Baby” on top and drew a picture of balloons and a cupcake under the words. I open up the card and read, “I love you so much, Raelynn.”  
“It’s beautiful and I think the baby will love it.” I lean over to kiss the top of Raelynn’s head. Her hair is so soft and smells fruity. Molly always used Herbal Essence Shampoo on her and Raelynn’s hair. 
I explain to Emma that my sister and her husband didn’t want to know the gender of the baby, so it will be a surprise to all of us.  
Ian opens the door and announces that Cameron is close to delivering. He looks pale and his normally immaculate hair is messy. My mom doesn’t want to go back into the delivery room while Cameron gives birth. I think being the wife of a surgeon she knows all too well the possibility of something going wrong. Of course, usually nothing goes wrong. 
Victoria and Jill stand up excitedly. “Can we still be in the delivery room?” Jill asks. 
“That’s why I’m here. Cameron said to take tons and tons of pictures.” 
Victoria waves her very large and very expensive camera and smiles. “I have it under control.” 
Mom walks over to Ian and cups his face in her small hands. “Ian, you have not started to live until you become a parent. Everything that was important to you before fatherhood will now take a backseat to your child. If you have a girl, you will find yourself buying My Little Pony toys instead of the latest version of Grand Theft Auto.” My mother wipes a tear from her cheek. “I want you to know that I couldn’t have chosen a better husband for my daughter or a better father for my grandchild.” Mom stands on her tiptoes and kisses Ian on both of his cheeks. 
“Thank you, I hope you are right. I hope I can be the man you expect from me.” 
“Ian, you already are. Now go and welcome the newest member of our perfect family.” 
I watch as Ian, Victoria, and Jill walk out of the room. Dad hugs mom and comforts her as she cries softly into his chest. 
“Daddy?” Raelynn asks, as she tugs on my shirt.  
I look down at her big blue eyes. “Yes, Rae?” 
“What’s today?” 
“It’s December 26th.” 
“The baby’s birthday is December 26th?” 
“Yes, Rae, I guess it is.” 
I watch as Rae writes the date on the card she made for the baby. 
“It won’t be long now,” I announce.  
“Ok, I hope it’s soon. I want to see if it’s a boy or a girl.” 
“Me, too, Rae.” 
Mom and dad come sit with us and Raelynn shows them the card she made for the baby. My mother sits Raelynn on her lap and hugs her. “Raelynn, the baby will love this card.” 
“Thank you, grandma.” 
My mother and father both talk openly to James and Emma like they have known them their entire lives. James shows them the picture of a ninja he drew and I smile. My mother ruffles his blond hair and smiles adoringly at him. They include Emma in the conversion about my sister and Ian not knowing the gender of the baby. Mom also explains this will be her 5th grandchild and how her children are making her old.  
My sister-in-law opens the door and stands there with the biggest smile on her face. We all stand and Jill announces, “It is a beautiful little girl, 7lbs, 8oz, and she is 20 inches long. She is completely healthy, especially her lungs, judging by the noise she makes.” The room erupts with squeals and cries. Raelynn claps her hands and jumps up and down.  
“Oh, praise Jesus,” my mother says, and my dad hugs her. 
Victoria walks around the room, carrying the camera and showing off the pictures of the baby. Mom and dad go back and see the baby first. Emma says that she and James will wait here for me while Raelynn and me see my sister and the baby girl. She thinks another time will be better for her to meet them. I didn’t think about that, but I have to agree with her. My sister, Cameron, would not be happy meeting someone for the first time, just minutes after giving birth.  
Rae and I wash our hands first and then we walk over and kiss and hug my sister before we see the baby. I look at Ian, who is smiling and holding the baby. “Have you decided on a name yet?” I ask.  
“We did; we decided on Savannah Lynn, after Raelynn,” my sister says, looking at Rae. 
Raelynn smiles and walks over to my sister. “Aunt Cameron, you are going to name her after me?” 
“We are. Since your Uncle Ian and I love you so much we want our baby to have your name.” 
“Just like mommy and daddy named me after them?” 
“Yes, Raelynn, just like that.” 
“May I see her?” 
“Here, Raelynn, sit over here,” Ian says, standing up from the chair. “Just remember to support her head.” He demonstrates how to properly hold the baby. 
I walk over and watch as he gently places the baby on her lap. Rae smiles and I get my phone out to snap some pictures. The baby has a headful of black hair. Rae gently touches her small hands. “Look, daddy.” I look down — the baby is so tiny. “She is smaller than my baby doll.”  
“She sure is. May I see her now?” I gently take the baby from Rae’s lap and hold her up to me. I walk over to my sister and smile. “She is beautiful, sis.” 
“Thank you.” 
“How are you feeling?” 
“I’m tired, but I’m a mom. I feel wonderful. I was always meant to be a mom.” 
“Yes, you were. I remember all those baby dolls you had, and you and mom would have to change their clothes twice a day, every day. Once in the morning for the day and again at night for bed.” 
“Poor mom. She sure did have her hands full.” We both laugh at the memory.  
I kiss the baby and hand her to Cameron. “We need to get going.” I shake Ian’s hand to congratulate him before Raelynn and I leave to get Emma and James and go shopping.  
We go into one store and we soon realize that day-after-Christmas shopping isn’t for us. We leave the store empty handed and decide a day at the park is a better idea. The more time I spend with Emma the more I like her. She tells me she just bought her first house this year and that she has lived with her parents since her husband’s death four years ago.  
I tell her that she is the only woman who has been around Raelynn other than Molly and that I enjoy her company. We spent the day at the park and then we walk on the beach afterwards. 
I have to work the next two days so I call Emma and confirm that I will be picking her up for the wedding. For the first time in a long time, I am excited about going out. I take Raelynn to my mom and dad’s for the night. I don’t need to pack her an overnight bag because my mom has a dresser full of clothes for Raelynn and her other grandchildren. She also has items such as toothbrushes for her grandkids. I walk into the house, and my mom and dad stare at me. “What?” 
“Nothing, it’s just you look so handsome.” I readjust my gold tie and pull down on the sleeves of my white dress shirt. I decided on a midnight black suit to wear to the wedding. 
“Daddy has a date,” Rae giggles as she runs through the house to the playroom. 
“It’s not a date, Raelynn,” I yell, so she can hear me. 
“Alec, you have a date?” my mother asks, walking over to me.  
“I’m taking Emma to Angel and Mason’s wedding. Her son is in the wedding. It’s not really a date, is it?” 
“It sounds like a date,” my father says. 
“How old is her son?” My mother asks. “He looks to be about four.” 
“Yes, he’s four. They are both taking the beginners taekwondo class. Look, I hate to be rude, but I need to get going.” My mother leaves the room and my dad walks me to the door. He asks, “Do you have flowers for her and a gift for her son?” 
“No, do I need them?” 
“Only if it’s a date. Alec, you never show up empty handed and if she has children, you get them something, too.” Dad always treats mom right. I think he learned some things from watching Cary Grant and Fred Astaire romantic comedies with mom. Mom once said that watching those movies automatically turn men into better boyfriends and husbands. Watching Rock Hudson romantic comedies, not so much.  
My mother shows up at the door with a gift bag in hand. “Here, take this.” 
“Mom?” 
“It was on sale and I picked it up after Christmas. You can’t show up there empty handed.” 
“I know, dad just told me. Where do I get flowers on New Year’s Eve?” 
“Marjorie’s Florist is open late tonight. I spoke with her earlier today. I’ll call and tell her you are on your way. Now hurry and have fun.” 
My mother walks away with her cell phone in hand. I lift the gift bag and smile at my dad. “She has it all covered, doesn’t she?” 
“She always does. Have fun and call us if you need anything. I love you, son.” 
“I love you, too, and thank mom for me,” I say, raising the gift bag again.  
I stop by the florist on my way to Emma’s and pick up some flowers. Marjorie knows me by name and already has a huge bouquet of flowers waiting for me. I arrive at Emma’s house, and I suddenly become nervous. My palms become sweaty, and my pulse picks up. I have never been nervous around Emma. I gather the present mom gave me for James and the bouquet of flowers mom ordered for Emma. I look up at the porch and the lights are on and the front door is closed. Taking a deep breath, I get out of the car and walk up the few stairs to her front door.  
The door opens before I can knock and James is standing there in his three-piece suit looking very distinguished. “Hi, James.” 
“Hi, Alec.”  
He opens the door and I peek in. “Where is your mother?” I ask before walking into the house. 
“She’s getting dressed.” 
Emma walks out of the back room wearing a red dress and carrying a pair of black heels. “James, get your shoes on, please. Alec will be here at any minute.” 
I smile when I realize she doesn’t know I am here.  
“Yes, momma.”  
She looks at the door and smiles when she sees me. 
“Hi, please come in. I didn’t know you were out here.” 
“Thank you.” I walk into the house and stare at her. Her long curly blond hair against the red dress is beautiful. The dress is red silk, above the knee with a sweetheart neckline and long sleeves. “You look beautiful.” I watch her and I can see the blush on her pale cheeks. 
“Thank you. I was just going to say the same thing about you. You look great in a suit.” 
“Thank you. Here, these are for you,” I say, handing her the huge bouquet of flowers. My mother is a generous giver of flowers, even when I am not the one paying for them. 
Emma smiles and takes the flowers from me. “Thank you, these are beautiful. Please come in, I’ll get these in water. Do you want something to drink while you wait? I’m running a little behind.” 
“No, thank you. I’m fine. This is for James. I’m not sure whether you want him to have it now or later.” 
She stops and looks at the gift bag I am holding. “You got my son a gift?” 
“I can’t take the credit. It was my mother’s idea. When I dropped Rae off at her house, Rae told her I had a date and mom insisted I bring something. Emma, I sound like a complete idiot, and I want to apologize now. I haven’t been out on a date with someone in a very long time, and all this feels very foreign to me. If I say or do something stupid, please understand, it’s not my normal behavior.” 
She smiles and lets out a breath. “Good. Me, too. I am a nervous wreck. If I do or say something stupid, it’s not my normal behavior either.”  
I smile, because I can’t imagine she could ever say or do anything stupid. “I guess we’ll figure it out together.” 
She smiles at me. “That sounds like a plan.” 
James comes out of his bedroom carrying one shoe.  
“Emma, you put those in water, and I’ll help James with his shoe.”  
We pull up at Mason’s parents’ house on Long Boat Key. James has been in the back seat playing with the car my mother got for him. We wait in line in our car for the valet. Emma looks around at the mansion-sized home. “This is very impressive.” 
“Emma, don’t let the house fool you. Mason’s parents are very nice and down-to-earth people.” 
“I believe you. I just didn’t realize how much money Mason came from.” 
“You’ve met him, he is just like you and me.” 
She nods and I watch her as she is picking at the nail polish on her nails. This must be a nervous habit for her. We pull the car up and the valet opens the doors. I leave the keys in the car, take the valet ticket, and place it in the inside pocket of my jacket. I stand tall, button my jacket, and square my shoulders. I walk over to Emma, and she is already out of the car. I smile at how stunning she looks. I watch as she straightens James’ jacket and then her dress.  
A woman asks, “Are you with the wedding party?” 
“Yes,” Emma answers. 
“Please follow me.” 
“Are you ready?” I ask, offering her my elbow.  
“We are.” She smiles and loops her arm around mine as she holds James’ hand with her free hand.  
We follow the wedding coordinator up the stairs of the house and into the large foyer.  
“The bride on the right and the groom on the left,” the woman states.   
Emma lets go of my arm and I suddenly miss it. It felt so right that she was holding onto me. I smile and say, “Get James situated, and I’ll be back to get you.” 
“All right,” she says, picking at her nails again.  
“Emma, I’ll just be a minute and I’ll knock on the door when I’m done.” 
“Please follow me, ma’am,” the wedding coordinator says.  
I watch as she and James follows the woman into the last room on the right. Emma looks back and smiles at me before entering the room where Angel is. The door opens, and I hear squealing and laughter. That is definitely the right room.  
I walk to the left and knock on the only door that’s closed. Vincent opens the door a little and then he opens it further when he sees it’s me. I look around the room and see Mason standing at the full-length mirror adjusting his tie.  
I nod to Donovan and again to Vincent before I walk over to Mason. He smiles when he sees me. 
“I’m glad you could make it,” he says, shaking my hand. 
“I wouldn’t miss it. I just wanted to check on you before the wedding started.” 
“Thanks, I appreciate it. I’m fine. I just want to make Angel mine and start our life together.” 
“You’re a lucky man, Mason; she is a wonderful girl.” 
“Thank you.” 
“Ten more minutes.” A voice yells from the doorway. 
“I need to go and get my seat. Congratulations.” I smile, shake Mason’s hand again, and leave to get Emma. 
I walk down the hall and knock on the door I watched Emma go into. She smiles when she sees me. “Ready to get our seats?” 
“I feel funny about leaving James in there.” 
“He’s with friends, and he loves Angel. I’m sure he’s fine.” 
“Ok, you’re right. I’m ready.” Emma loops her arm in mine and it feels right having her by my side. I look down at her and smile. Although she is wearing heels, she is still quite a bit shorter than me. 
We walk through the house, and the usher greets us outside. We show them our wedding invitations and are led towards the front of the seats. The wedding is outside in the backyard nearest the water. The reflection of the moon and the clear lights and candles have turned the backyard into an oasis.  
Emma looks around the space at the guests and smiles. “The wedding is a lot smaller than I was expecting.” 
I also look around; most of the people were at their Christmas Eve party last week. There are a few extra people who must be family. “Me, too; this is a good size for me.” I smile.  
“Me, too, it’s very small and intimate. It’s the perfect size for a wedding.” 
Mason, Donovan, and Vincent come out and stand under the beautifully lit arch. I look at Mason, who looks so calm. I know he has waited a long time for someone like Angel. 
The music begins and we watch as the flower girl comes out first. She stops and dumps all the flower petals at the doorway entrance, before walking up to stand near Mason. Everyone laughs. James walks out next, and I can hear Emma begin to cry. He walks slowly, and he carefully holds the pillow with the rings. He also stands beside Mason. Brea and Sara walk down the aisle and then comes the event’s star: Angel. We all stand and watch as she enters the white carpet. I hear people gasp when she comes into view. She is always a beautiful girl, but she looks like a Heavenly Angel tonight.  
She walks slowly and carefully down the aisle and Mason steps off the platform to claim his bride. I smile and Emma laughs quietly. “Is he in a hurry?” she asks.  
“Just a little.” 
After the wedding and after Mason and Angel leave to begin their honeymoon, Emma and I stay behind with the other guests. We slow dance and we also fast dance with James. I watch as Emma and James slow dance and it brings a smile to my face. Brea and Sara walk up and stand beside me. “You know, she is one of the sweetest girls I have ever met,” Brea says. 
I look over at her and smile. “I can see that. She does seem like a very nice girl.” 
“I think you should ask her out,” Sara adds. 
“You do?” 
“I do, she hasn’t dated since her husband’s death and you’re the new most eligible bachelor now that Mason’s married. I think you both have a lot in common and will be perfect together.” 
The music stops and Emma and James walks over to me. 
“Are you thirsty?” I ask. 
“I am,” James says.  
“I’ll get you both some punch. James, do you want to come with me?” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Emma
“What are you two up to?” I ask, looking at Brea and then at Sara. 
“Who, us?” 
“Yes, you and you,” I say.  
“He’s just a really nice guy, that’s all.” 
“Yes, I would have to agree with that.” I watch as Alec helps my son with his punch.  
“If you ever need a sitter or anything, let us know,” Sara says and walks away quickly. 
“Why would I need a sitter?” 
Brea adds, “Just if something ever comes up and you need a sitter even for overnight, I’m free.” I look over at her and she is smiling. “Have fun and I’ll see you at work on Monday.” 
Before I can say anything, she is walking away. That was very bizarre. I look over at Alec and James as they are walking towards me. James and Alec both look so handsome and they both are smiling at me. I have two of the best-looking dates around.  
“What are you thinking about?” Alec asks. 
I smile and say, “Nothing.” 
“It’s getting late, are you about ready? We could stay longer if you would like.” 
I look down at James; he is yawning. “No, I think James is ready.” 
On the drive home we talk about the beautiful wedding and how much fun it was to be among friends. When we arrive home, Alec parks the car in the driveway. “I’ll get your door for you.”  
I wait in my seat and watch as he walks around the car. I look in the backseat; James is sound asleep. Alec opens my door and reaches his hand in for mine. He is such a gentleman. I take it and stand as tall as I can next to him. “I’ll carry James in while you get the door.” 
I wait for him to unbuckle James from his seatbelt before walking up onto the front porch. I open the door and hold it open wide for Alec to walk through with James. Alec walks down the hall and into James’ room and waits for me to pull the covers down before he lays James down on the bed. “Do you want to wait for me to dress James for bed or are you ready to leave now?” 
“No, Emma, I’m in no hurry. Take your time. I’ll wait for you out here.” 
“Are you sure? It is New Year’s Eve, I’m sure you have someplace you need to be.” 
“No, Emma, I would rather be no other place. I do need to call Raelynn and wish her a Happy New Year.”  
“Ok, if you want something to drink, please help yourself,” I say, as he walks out of the room. 
I walk out into the living room. Alec is standing there leaning against the doorframe. When he sees me, he pushes off from it, smiles and walks towards me. “Did I tell you how stunning you look tonight?” 
My heart begins to race and my breathing catches. “I think you did, thank you.” 
“Are you cold, Emma? Would you like me to start a fire?” 
“Are you sure you don’t need to be someplace?”  
“I have no plans for this evening.” 
“I bought champagne for tonight, would you like a glass?”  
“You get the champagne and I’ll call Raelynn and then get the fire started.” 
He smiles and turns to walk away. I open the champagne and pour two glasses. I take my time so Alec has time to wish his daughter a Happy New Year. When I arrive in the living room, Alec is kneeling down at the fireplace. I just watch him. When the fire gets started, he stands up and smiles when he sees me. I hand him his glass and we both sit on the couch. The room is dark except for the glow from the fireplace and the muted light coming from the kitchen. 
“Is it too dark for you?” he asks. “Would you feel more comfortable with a light on?” 
I have to think about that and it’s not. It feels right. “No, it’s fine.” 
“I had a great time tonight with you and James, thank you.” 
“I should be thanking you. I also had a great time and thank you for helping me with James.” 
“You’re welcome, but I didn’t do anything for you to be thanking me for,” he says, taking a drink. 
“You are very nice to him — to us. You helped with his food, and you even carried him into the house for me. I would say I owe you a thank you for all that.” 
“You’re welcome. I had a great time, and I really like spending time with you and him. He is a great kid.” 
“Yes, he is. It is nice to sit here with you having an adult beverage. It’s been awhile since I have done this.” 
I look at her and smile. It’s now or never, Alec. I take a deep breath and ask, “Emma, would you like to go out to dinner with me next Saturday?” 
She looks up at me and smiles. “Alec, I would love to.”  
“Yes?” he asks with a smile.  
“Yes.” I laugh. We sit and drink the entire bottle of champagne as we hold hands and it feels right. We talk about Max and the devastating loss of losing someone who loves you more than they love themselves.  
He tells me about what a great mother Molly was in the beginning and how difficult it is to be a single dad.  
“I hear people complain about marriage, but I liked being married. I liked having someone around who loved me and cared for me,” I say, softly. “Dating is hard. So many crazy people are out there. It’s hard to know what people are thinking. They look normal but then they turn out to be crazy. I did date some Scumbag Steves before I was married.” 
“Even when you think you know them, you really don’t know them at all,” he says, and it’s almost a whisper. “I did date some Scumbag Stacies before I was married.”  
He adds, “I think I should go; I have kept you up long enough.”  
He smiles and stands up. He reaches for my hand to help me up and I take it. We walk hand in hand to the door. It feels good to hold his hand. He opens the door and turns around to look at me. “Thank you for a wonderful evening.” 
“You are welcome and thank you. I had a great time.”  
He rubs my knuckles with his thumb, and I realize we are still holding hands. When I look up at him, he looks serious. My heart races and my breathing catches. I stare at his eyes and then his mouth. It feels as though time is standing still. He slowly leans down to me and I stand on my tiptoes to meet him. He raises his hand, cups my cheek with his free hand and gently rubs it with his thumb. I close my eyes. All of the sudden I want to feel his lips on mine. He slowly and sweetly kisses me with his closed mouth. No tongue, nothing inappropriate; just a slow, sweet kiss.  
“Happy New Year, Emma,” he says softly, as he pulls away slightly. 
“Happy New Year, Alec,” I whisper, without opening my eyes. 
Chapter Seven: Date Night
Alec
I kissed Emma good night on New Year’s Eve and it’s the only thing I can think about. I shower before bed and lie awake. I roll over and stare at the wedding picture of Molly and me. It’s been on the nightstand for the last seven years. Picking it up, I run my fingers over her beautiful face. The first five years were some of the happiest times in my life. I never would have imagined my life would have taken a dive into a toilet, but it did. I stand up from the bed and walk to the closet still holding the picture of Molly and me. The keepsake box that holds all of our memories is still in the corner of the closet where I put it. I remove the lid and take one last look at the picture before I place the picture in the box. 
Next, I look at Molly’s side of the closet and see all of her clothing, shoes, and accessories. They have been here for the past year, untouched. I walk to the garage and grab a few empty boxes and return to pack up Molly’s things from the closet and throughout the house. It’s a new year and a new start. No more holding on to the past and hoping for things that can never be.  
Once the items from the closet and the dresser are packed away, I take an empty box and go into the bathroom. I fill it up just with bathroom items. I stack everything up in the garage and I’ll decide what to do with it later. 
I have a shot of something stronger than I would normally have. Tonight, Jim Bean is my new best friend. I am finally ready to leave the past in the past and see what the future holds. 
The next morning I shower before going to my parents’ house to get Raelynn. Mom and dad always make a large casual dinner of BBQ pork, cooked cabbage, and potato salad for New Year’s Day. My family is not superstitious, but if someone claims something can bring you luck they’ll try it. This has been a family tradition since I was a child. This is an Irish tradition that my mother was raised on.  
The whole family is there, even my sister Cameron, Ian, and their new daughter, Savannah. We sit around the large dining room table and announce what our New Year’s Resolution is. My mother believes that, if you announce it, you are more apt to keep it. 
I listen intently at what everyone says and smile at the kids. It’s the first day of the year and a great time to start new. Rae announces she is going to eat more candy and sweets. Cameron and Ian announce they are going to be the best parents they can be for their daughter and dad vows to spend more time with his wife and less time playing golf. We all laugh because this is the same thing he says every year. When it’s my turn, I announce I am moving forward with my life and I am leaving the past in the past. No one says anything, but I know that they know what I mean.  
When everything is cleaned up after dinner, mom sets the dessert and coffee out on the kitchen island. “Alec, have your coffee on the lanai with me.” It’s not a question, but an order. I follow my mother outside to the large open living area.  
“How was your date last night?” 
“It was good. I asked her out again for next Saturday.” I take a sip of my coffee and watch my mother. 
“Is that why you have decided to move forward with your life?” 
“I just think it’s time. I think I have finally come to terms that what my life once was, is over. Molly is gone and I can’t change that. I need to move forward for myself and for Raelynn.” 
My mother walks closer to me and sits beside me on the couch. “I’m proud of you, Alec. It won’t be easy, but I have to agree with you: It’s best for you and Raelynn. This girl you are seeing, Emma?” 
“I’m not really seeing her, but yes.” 
“Is she divorced?” 
“Widowed. He died four years ago during his tour of duty in the Army.” 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” my mother says honestly. “Her son wasn’t born yet?” 
“James was a few months old when his father passed.” 
“She is very young to have gone through so much.” 
“Yes.” 
My dad walks out into the lanai with his coffee and a plate of pecan pie. “What am I missing?”  
My mother looks up and smiles. “Nothing.” She looks at the pie on his plate. “Did you cut the whole pie, or did you only cut yourself a piece?” 
“This was the last piece,” he says, taking a large bite of his pie. “Blake was setting another pie out for everyone, when I left.” 
“If Blake cuts the pie, it’ll be cut in quarters.”  
Mom walks into the house and Dad looks at me. “Is everything all right?” 
“It’s fine. I have a date next week and I was wondering, hoping more like it, if you could get me a reservation at the country club. I know that it is hard to get a reservation for a Saturday.” 
“She sounds pretty special.” 
“She is. I’m a new member and I think your chances of getting a reservation are far better than mine.” 
“Would you like some advice?” he asks, laying his empty plate down on the coffee table. 
I take a deep breath, because I know if I say no, I’ll get it anyway. I smile and say, “Sure.” 
“Is this the same girl with the son from last night?” 
“Yes, why?” 
“Because when you date a woman with a child, it’s a little different from dating someone without a child.” 
I lean up in my chair and rest my elbows on my knees. “I’m not following you.” 
“A woman with a child has obligations and you’ll need to be considerate of her and her child. You need to understand she may not be available whenever you want her.” 
“I can understand that.” 
“Offer to pay her childcare for her for the evening and don’t ever show up for a date empty handed.” 
“Do you mean flowers?” 
“No, I mean, always have something special for her son, too. He probably isn’t used to sharing his mother and this may be hard on him. Four years old is a tough age. Don’t make him feel like you are trying to steal his mother from him. Do you know what I mean?” 
I rub my hand over my chin and nod. “I didn’t think about that, thank you.” 
“It also wouldn’t hurt to have a play date with the kids. Go skating, or the movies, or even fishing. Make an attempt to get to know him. Raelynn would also benefit from this.” 
“Thank you, I’ll have to remember that.” 
A few minutes later all the adults come outside on the lanai carrying plates of dessert and coffee. The kids play in the yard while mom rocks the baby and we all talk about the kids returning to school tomorrow.  
Later that night I bathe Raelynn and I help her to pick out her school clothes for the next day. She wants to wear her Batman costume, but I persuade her to wear regular school clothing. I guess I did the right thing, but I wonder. Usually, it is a good idea to be yourself, but if you can be Batman, maybe you should be Batman. 
Once she is in bed, I walk through the house and remove any photos with Molly in them. I can’t remove everything that reminds me of her, but I can remove her personal items and the pictures of her. I look at the house, which is full of memories of my life with Molly, and I frown. I make a mental note to call a Realtor to look at some new houses. A move may be just be what Raelynn and I need.  
I receive a text from my dad on Wednesday saying he reserved a table at the country club for Saturday night for Emma and me. I call Emma on Thursday and tell her we’ll be going to the county club for dinner and that I’ll be there at 6:00 to pick her up. I also make sure she has childcare for Saturday and let her know I’ll cover the cost of childcare for the evening. 
On Saturday, I drop Rae off at my parents’ house and go home to get ready for my date with Emma. I decide on a black suit with a white crisp shirt and black tie. I stop by the florist to get Emma a much smaller bouquet of lilacs than mom ordered for her previously. I still have no idea what flowers she likes. I may want to know that. I also stopped by and got James a little something special, too. That was great advice I got from my father.  
I pull up outside of Emma’s and take some deep breaths. I reach for James’ wrapped gift and Emma’s flowers before I get out of the car. I stand tall and walk the short distance to her front porch. I ring the doorbell and wait for her to answer. I am surprised when Brooke answers the door.  
“Hi,” she smiles and opens the door wide for me to walk through.  
“Hi, how were your holidays?” 
“They were good, thank you. I’ll let Emma know you’re here. Come in and have a seat.” 
“All right, thank you.” I continue to stand at the door.  
“Alec?” 
“Yes, Brooke?” 
“Alec, I want you to know that Emma is my very best friend and I don’t want you hurting her. She has been through a lot, and I don’t want you playing games with her.” 
“Brooke, I like Emma and I have no intentions of ever hurting her.” 
“Ok, I just want you to know, and if you do hurt her, you’ll have to deal with me.” 
I smile because I understand how much Emma means to her. “I understand. You have no need to worry.” 
“Good, have a great time and you clean up pretty well.” She smiles.  
I smile, too. “Thank you, I think.” 
“Tell Emma I’ll keep James for the night. There’s no need to wake him when she gets home.” 
I nod. “I’ll let her know.” 
“And that’s not an invitation for you to spend the night.” 
Emma enters the room. “Brooke, stop it, geesh! Alec, I’m sorry. My friend is a little crazy.” 
Emma looks at Brooke and says, “And you said you would be on your best behavior.”  
Emma looks at me, then at Brooke again. 
I look over at Emma and smile. She looks stunning wearing a black dress just above the knee, low cut sweetheart neckline with ¾ inch sleeves. 
“This is my best behavior.” Brooke laughs as she walks out the door.  
Emma says, “I’m sorry. I should have known that she would misbehave.” 
“It’s all right, she just cares about you.” 
“Sometimes I think a little too much. Please come in.”  
“Here, these are for you and this is for James.” I step forward and hand her the vase of flowers and the wrapped gift. 
“Is this your mother’s doing again?” 
“No, it’s mine. She taught me well.” 
“Yes, I would have to agree. Thank you. May I ask what this is?” she asks, shaking the gift. 
“It’s actually pretty cool. I saw this model train for sale this week and decided it would be nice if we all put it together. I know how much he likes trains.” 
“Alec, that is so thoughtful. Thank you for thinking of him. I’m sorry he’s not here to unwrap it in front of you. He is already at Brooke’s for the night.” 
“Emma, it’s fine and you look stunning tonight.” 
“Do I? I’m afraid the dress may not be dressy enough.” 
“It’s perfect, are you ready?” 
She smells the lilacs before setting the vase of flowers in the center of the table. “I’m ready and just so you know, lilacs are my favorite flowers.” She walks past me and smiles.  
I hold the door open for her and say, “Well, that is good to know, Ms. Greyson. Do you have your keys to the house?” 
She holds up her black clutch. “Yes, Mr. Collins. I have everything I need.” 
I watch her walk out the door and make sure the house is secured before walking behind her off the porch. She waits for me and automatically loops her arm in mine. “You look very sharp tonight, Alec.” 
“Do I now?” I ask as I open her car door for her. 
“Yes, you do.”  
She lets go of my arm and sits gingerly in the seat. I watch her adjust her dress before fastening her seatbelt. When I close her door, I look up and see Brooke standing on the front porch. I keep my eye on her as I walk over to get into the car and I nod at her before getting in. She doesn’t wave or smile; she just stands there and stares. Once I am seated and buckled in, I look at Emma and she is looking at Brooke. “She doesn’t like me much, does she?” 
“Alec, please don’t take it personally; she is acting that way to let you know to treat me right.” 
I pull out into the main road and Emma comments on the country music playing low on the radio. It’s good to know she likes country music. She also fills me in on her relationship with Brooke. She tells me if it weren’t for Brooke she doesn’t think she would have survived her husband’s death. She also tells me Brooke, her husband, and their two sons moved down here to be near her. It makes me understand Brooke’s concern for her friend a little better. I make a mental note to try to ease Brooke’s concerns.  
We arrive at the very prestigious restaurant at the country club. We use valet parking, and I am happy to see Emma is still seated in the car waiting for me to get her door for her. I reach my hand in for hers and she immediately takes it.  
“Shall we?” I offer her my elbow and she takes my hand instead. I look down at her and smile. We walk into the already crowded restaurant and when I give my name to the hostess, we are immediately taken to a small two-top round table by the window. The table is white linen, with a small flickering candle and a single red rose that decorates the center. I smile and look down at Emma before pulling her chair out for her.  
“Thank you.”  
She sits gingerly down on the chair and looks out the window. I unbutton my jacket, look around the room, and sit directly across from her.  
The waiter tells us the nightly specials and Emma orders a glass of champagne to drink. I go ahead and order us a bottle of champagne to share.  
“This is an amazing view.” 
I look out the window; the sun is beginning to set. “Have you ever been here before?” 
“No, this is my first time.” 
“They have excellent food: The view is just a bonus. Is there anything you’re in the mood for?” 
“No, not really. What’s good here?” Emma asks, but she doesn’t look at the menu.  
The waiter arrives and pours the champagne into our glasses.  
“Do you like seafood?” I ask. 
“Yes, I do.” 
I order two shrimp cocktail appetizers before the waiter leaves.  
“A toast?” I ask, holding up my champagne glass.  
“Of course.” 
“To new beginnings?” I ask. 
“Perfect, to new beginnings.” We clink our glasses and take a drink of the bubbly champagne.  
“Oh, this champagne is delicious. It’s a very good brand, Alec.” 
“Thank you, I wanted to be a chef when I was younger. So, one thing I know about is food and beverages — make that two things.”  
“That’s interesting. Do you cook a lot at home?” 
“I love to cook, I just don’t have the time to cook like I used to. Plus, it’s just Rae and me, so I find eating out suits us better than me cooking at home.” 
“Well, anytime you want to cook, feel free to cook for me. I know nothing about cooking, but I do love good food.”  
“I’ll keep that in mind.” I tell Emma what I think is good on the menu, but I also tell her I usually order one of the specials whenever I go out.  
“Why do you do that?” 
“I do that because it gives me the opportunity to try something new and I very seldom have been disappointed.” I watch her as she lays the white linen napkin across her lap. “Have you decided what you’re having?” 
“Well, Alec, I usually always order the same thing every time I go out to a fancy restaurant, but it’s a new year and I’m going to live on the edge, so I’ll have whatever special you’re having.” 
“You really are living on the edge,” I say, laughing.  
“Since I have no idea what you’re having, it is on the edge for me.” 
“Well, Emma, I’ll try not to disappoint you.” 
The waiter brings our shrimp cocktails and I order two of the grilled salmon entrées with lemon butter, roasted red potatoes, and fresh sautéed green beans. I watch Emma the entire time I order to see her facial expression. She smiles and watches me, never giving me any idea whether she likes what I ordered or not. Once the waiter leaves, I look at her and smile. “You’re a very hard person to read.” 
“Why, thank you.” 
I ask her, “You said that you usually always order the same thing every time you go out to a fancy restaurant. What do you usually order?” 
“Shrimp cocktail, grilled salmon with lemon butter, roasted red potatoes, and fresh sautéed green beans.” 
I can’t tell if she’s joking.  
Emma
When Max was alive, he once told me that he could read my soul just from looking into my eyes. After his death, I learned to hide my feelings. I didn’t want people to see my sadness every time they looked at me. Having a game face when other people usually wear their heart on their sleeve is a compliment.  
As Alec and I watch the sunset, he reaches over the table to hold my hand. I like holding hands with him. I get butterflies in my belly when he touches me that I haven’t had in a few years.  
Our dinner arrives and he watches me intently. I try hard not to close my eyes and savor the aroma. My mouth waters and I have to swallow. I notice that he doesn’t salt or pepper his food.  
I take a bite of my food and it is just as good as it smells. 
“This is delicious. I usually salt my food, but this is perfect just as it is,” I say. 
We finish our dinner, order coffee, and share a piece of chocolate mousse cake. Alec talks about his job with enthusiasm. He loves being a doctor and helping people. I share about my job; although I don’t love it, I do love Sara and Brea.  
Once Alec settles up the check, he stands tall, buttons up his jacket and walks over to pull my chair out for me. I stand and take his hand immediately. He intertwines our fingers together, and I hold onto his arm with my free hand. This feels so natural to be with him, to be touching him.  
“Do you need to use the little girl’s room?”  
I look at him and start laughing. “I do, but I usually call it the powder room,” I say, still laughing.  
He laughs too when he realizes what he said. “I’m sorry, Emma. I’m so used to being with Raelynn. I’m still learning, remember? The powder room is this way.”  
We walk around the corner and he lets go of my hand.  
“Just give me a minute.”  
“I’ll be here waiting.”  
I wash my hands, freshen my makeup to cover the shine on my face and check my teeth. Once I am happy with myself, I walk out expecting to have to look for Alec. To my surprise he is standing in the exact same spot as when I left. I walk over to him and take his hand in mine. “You didn’t have to wait for me; I would have found you.” 
“I know” is all he says.  
We walk outside and the valet has his car pulled around and running. I smile as he opens my door for me. I look up at him, stand on my tiptoes, and kiss him on his cheek. “Thank you,” I say before sitting on the passenger seat of his black, brand-new BMW. 
We drive home holding hands in his car while the music plays softly in the background. He drives slowly and cautiously, and I have to wonder if he drives like this all the time. He pulls up in my driveway and looks around. The porch light and the garage lights are on but inside the house is dark. My street is very brightly lit, with the help of all the street lights on it. I look over at Brooke and Brice’s house and I can see the flickering lights of the TV through the windows. Alec gets out and walks over to open my car door for me. I take his hand and try to stand tall next to him. “I may need higher heels if we go out again,” I say, looking up at him.  
“When we go out again,” he corrects, “and these are high enough. Any higher, I’ll worry about you falling.”  
Alex has that macho tone again and I get goose bumps. Why do I find that so sexy?  
I continue to hold his hand as he walks me to the front porch. He stops at the front door and smiles down at me. “You are pretty petite,” he says, laughing.  
“I know, I hate being so short.” I frown. 
“I like it. He bends down to kiss me. I stand on my tiptoes and try to get closer to him. He wraps his arms around my waist, and I wrap my arms around his neck. This kiss is more intimate than the last one. His kiss is deeper and slightly more aggressive. I kiss him back, and when I feel his tongue against my lips, I open my mouth slightly for him.  
He moans and holds me closer to him. I touch his soft hair and I pull him closer to me. 
The kiss ends, but his mouth is still touching mine. “Would you like to come in?” I whisper. My breath is labored and heavy.  
He backs away and smiles with dark eyes. “Emma, I would love to, but I won’t. Thank you for the offer.” 
I am disappointed. I’m not ready to end the evening with him. “Oh, are you sure?” 
“No, but if I want to remain a gentleman, I need to go home. Thank you for a wonderful evening.” 
I smile when I understand the meaning of his words. “Thank you. I had a wonderful evening, too. The food was delicious.” 
“House key?” he asks. 
I reach into my clutch and hand him the house key. I watch as he unlocks the door and opens it wide for me to walk through. He doesn’t come in but stands there waiting for me to lay my keys and clutch down on the table. I look at the flowers and the wrapped gift sitting on the table. 
I turn around and walk over to him. “Alec, thank you so much for a wonderful evening. The flowers, James’ gift, the restaurant; everything was just wonderful.” 
“Emma, you are more than welcome. I also had a wonderful evening. Would you like to go out again next weekend?” 
“Yes, I would,” I say, a little too quickly.  
He bends down to kiss me again, “I’ll call you later this week. Lock up and have a good night.” 
I kiss him back, “Ok, thank you, again.” I back up slowly, close the door, and lock it just as he has instructed me to do. I rest against the door and gently touch my lips. His kisses are so soft and sweet.  
Alec
I slowly walk off of Emma’s porch towards my car. I wasn’t ready to end this perfect night. I made the right decision to not accept her offer and go into her house. I don’t want to move too fast with her. I definitely like her, and I like spending time with her. I drive home with a smile on my face. I think back to her staying seated in the car until I opened her door for her. I like that about her.  
I pull up to an empty house. Raelynn is staying the night with her grandparents. My street is dim with the glow of one street light illuminating the entire road. I grab a beer and sit on the rocking chair on the lanai. I have this urge to text Emma. It’s odd, but I miss her already.  
Alec: Are you asleep? 
Emma: No, I can’t sleep. 
Alec: I was thinking, I don’t want to wait a whole week to see you again.  
Emma: I don’t either.  
Alec: Good, would you like to take the kids to dinner and then to Jump and Fun tomorrow? 
Emma: Yes, James would love that. 
Alec: Is 4:00 too early? 
Emma: No, it’s perfect. 
Alec: Good; good night, and I can’t wait to see you. 
Emma: Good night, Alec. I already miss you. 
I reread our text messages with a grin on my face. I hope I’m not moving too fast for her. I like her, and I love spending time with her and James. He is such a special kid. I lock up and shower before bed. I lay awake, staring at the ceiling. I remember the feel of her soft hands and of her soft lips against mine. I remember her appreciation for good food, good champagne, and even the view at the restaurant.  
I wake up early, feeling excited. I shower and get Rae from my parents. I talk privately to my dad about Emma. He tells me I shouldn’t have any regrets about Molly and if I have feelings towards Emma, I should act on them. He also advises me to always be a gentleman and to not forget about her son. Since I have a daughter, I don’t think that it would be possible for me to forget about or exclude James. 
Raelynn and I drive the short distance to Emma and James’ house. She skips beside me up the driveway and to the front porch. Emma opens the door and smiles.  
“Hi, Raelynn, you look pretty.” 
“Hi, Miss Emma, thank you.”  
“Please come in.” 
She opens the door and Rae skips past her and into the house. I look at her and smile. “Hi, I missed you,” I say as I bend down to kiss her. 
“I missed you, too.” 
I kiss her again.  
She says, “Just give me a minute to get James’ shoes on.”  
When we all get buckled in the car, I ask where everyone would like to eat. The kids all yell, “Hungry Howie’s,” and I look at Emma. 
She doesn’t express a likeness or a dislike to the kids’ choice of eateries. Grilled salmon at the country club one day, all-you-can-eat-pizza at Hungry Howie’s another day. She really does have a good game face. Maybe being a mother makes her flexible. I pull out of the driveway and Emma reaches over for my hand. We hold hands and she intertwines our fingers. I look over at her, and she smiles at me. 
We have dinner at the all-you-can-eat pizza buffet before heading to Jump and Fun. The indoor unlimited jump house is too busy for us to talk. We watch the kids and continue to hold hands. We stand up to get a better view and she leans into me. I wrap my arm around her and she hugs me back with one arm around my waist.  
When I take her home later that night, Raelynn and James play in the bedroom while Emma and I “talk” on the couch. I lean in to kiss her and she wraps her arms around my neck. She moans and I deepen our kiss. She leans forward even more and I lift her up off the couch and set her on my lap. When she pulls on my hair and pulls me closer to her, I know she can feel my growing erection beneath her.  
“Daddy, can we take James and Miss Emma and get ice cream tomorrow?” Rae asks. 
Emma startles and jumps off my lap and falls to the ground. I can’t stand to help her because of being compromised.  
Raelynn covers her mouth and takes off running down the hallway and into James’ room. “James, my daddy was kissing your momma,” she yells, “and they have cooties.” 
I look down at Emma and she is laughing. I laugh, too. I reach my hand out for hers and she readily takes it. She stands and brushes off her dress and sits back down beside me. “You do understand why I couldn’t stand to help you, don’t you?”  
She smiles. “Yes, we don’t need to traumatize our children with that!” she says, pointing at my crotch.  
“As soon as I get myself under control, we’ll leave. It’ll go down a lot quicker if you aren’t in the same room with me.” I wink.  
Emma leans in and kisses me. “I’ll go and smooth things over with the kids and you take care of that.” 
Emma leaves the room, and I can hear her talking to the kids about germs and cooties. I try to focus my thoughts on anything but Emma. After a few minutes, I am able to walk down the hall and into James’ room.  
Emma, James, and Raelynn are all sitting on James’ bed. I lean into the doorway and listen to her as she tries to explain to the kids that when you really like someone it’s all right to kiss them. I walk further into the room and say, “And we do not have cooties.” 
The kids giggle and Emma looks back at me. “Come on, Rae, it’s time for us to head home.” 
“Ok, daddy, but is James going to be my brother?” 
I think about that and I’m not sure how to answer that question. Emma stands up and says, “Not today, he isn’t.” 
Raelynn, James, and then Emma walk out of the bedroom.  
“Good save, Ms. Greyson.”  
“No thanks to you, Mr. Collins.” 
We all walk to the door and I stand there and look at Emma. “It’s getting harder and harder to leave you.” 
She leans her small body into mine. “I know. I hate when our time together comes to an end.” 
“I have work tomorrow, but I’ll see you Tuesday at taekwondo?” 
“Yes, we’ll be there.” 
“Would you like to take the kids to dinner afterwards? Raelynn doesn’t usually have time to eat dinner before her class,” I add, because I don’t want her to think I’m moving too fast or something. 
“Ok, taekwondo and dinner it is. I’ll ride with Brooke and you can bring us home afterwards if that’s ok.” 
“Sounds perfect. I’ll see you both on Tuesday.” 
The next couple months go by quickly. I see Emma and James at taekwondo two nights a week and I also see them every day that we don’t have taekwondo. Today I am picking them up so Emma and I can go to dinner alone. Rae is at Molly’s parents’ house for the night. I am taking James to Max’s parents’ home, also for the night. Emma told me they are still very much a part of her life and that will never change. I am man enough to respect that. I know Max isn’t a threat to my relationship with Emma. I just hope Max’s parents don’t see me as a threat.  
Emma, James, and I are in the car outside of Max’s parents’ house.  
“Just give me a minute,” she says, as she lets go of my hand that she was holding.  
I look over and smile at her beautiful flawless face. “I’ll get your door for you.” I get out of my car and stand tall. I feel like I am being watched, although I don’t see anyone. I button up my jacket and walk to the other side of the car. I open James’ door for him first and help him out of his booster seat. “James, wait here for your momma.”  
“All right, Alec.” 
I open Emma’s door and offer her my hand. She smiles and takes it. She stands and straightens her dress. “Would you like to come in and meet them?” she asks, and I can’t read the expression on her face. I have no idea if she is saying that to be nice or if I should really meet them.  
“Yes, I think I would. If I were them, I would want to meet the guy dating my son’s wife.” She looks at me with a smile, and I say, “Wait, that didn’t come out like I wanted it to.”  
“No, it didn’t, but I know what you meant.” She holds James’ hand and she also holds my hand like she always does. “Come on, they will love you.” 
“I doubt that,” I whisper and walk to the front door with her. The door opens before we get off the cobblestone sidewalk. An attractive older couple is standing in the doorway. James runs up to them and hugs them immediately before turning back to hug his mother goodbye.  
“Be a good boy for grandma and granddad, and I’ll see you tomorrow for lunch,” Emma says. 
“James, grandma made you some cookies; they’re in there on the table waiting for you,” Cheryl says.  
“Yay, cookies; thanks, grandma. Bye, momma; bye, Alec.” 
“I’ll see you tomorrow, James.” 
Once James is gone, Emma introduces me to her former in-laws. We shake hands and make pleasantries. Cheryl seems pretty nice, but I feel like Danny is sizing me up. I would do the same, if I were him. I feel sorry for any boy who dates Raelynn.  
Cheryl says, “Emma, come in and look at the clothes I bought James for his birthday.” Emma looks over at me before walking into the house with Cheryl.  
“Alec, please, have a seat,” Danny says, pointing to the two rocking chairs on the front porch.  
“All right, thank you.” I already know what’s coming. If he is the kind of man I think he is, he would definitely have a talk with me. I sit down and try to look as casual as I can. I sit up straight and square my shoulders.  
“I just want you to know that these last few months, Emma has had a glow to her that we haven’t seen since before my son’s death. I think we have you to thank for that.” 
I don’t say anything, because I know he has more to say. 
“We love Emma like our daughter. I want you to understand, she is a single woman not by choice. My son did not leave her or abandon her by choice. He was killed trying to protect her and every other American in this country.” 
“I understand” is all I say. 
“Good. I also want you to know that if you hurt her, I will find you and when I do, it won’t be pretty. Do not play with her or her emotions. If you are looking to play the field or are testing the waters, you need to keep on walking. Emma is special, she isn’t like every other girl out there. She was our daughter-in-law and she will always be a part of our family. Do you understand me?” 
I lean up from the chair and rest my elbows on my knees. I intertwine my fingers and clear my throat. “Danny, I understand your concerns and I want you to know, I have no intentions of hurting her or James. I haven’t known them long, but it’s been long enough that I know there is something special about both of them. When I am with them, I want to protect them, to nurture them, and to care for them. I give you my word, as a man, I will never hurt either of them.” 
Danny leans forward in his seat and matches my posture. “Alec, it sounds like you are in love with Emma. Are you in love with Emma?” 
His words take me back. Am I in love with her? The door opens, and Emma and Cheryl walk out onto the porch. I stand immediately and try to smile. I also silently say a prayer of thanks that I don’t have to answer Danny’s question. I rub my hands down my thighs and crack my knuckles. I stare at Emma so I don’t have to look at Danny.  
“Emma, I’m sorry, we need to go if we are going to keep our dinner reservations.”  
“Of course, I’m sorry.” 
She hugs Danny and Cheryl, and I shake their hands. “It was very nice meeting you both,” I say before Emma reaches for my hand.  
She holds my hand with both of hers. As we walk off the porch, she leans in and whispers, “Are you all right?” 
I look over at her and smile, “I’m great, and they seem very nice.” 
“They are. I am very blessed to have them in my life.”  
I open her door for her, and she reluctantly lets go of my hand. I watch her sit down and close the door when she fastens her seatbelt. She looks up at me and I wink at her.  
On the drive to the restaurant, my mind drifts back to Danny’s words.  
“Alec?” 
“Yes, Emma?” 
“What is the matter with you? You are in another world.” 
“I’m sorry, Emma, but would you mind if we change our plans for tonight?” 
“No, are you not feeling well?” 
“I was thinking we could have a picnic on the beach and watch the sunset instead.” 
“That sounds nice, but I think you’re a little overdressed for that.”  
“I’ll be fine; I’ll lose the jacket and tie and roll up my pant legs. I’ll need to cancel the reservations first.”  
We drive the short distance to The Whole Foods Market and grab sandwiches, fruits, vegetables, cheese, crackers, and drinks. Emma holds my hand, and I try to push the cart around one-handed. We pass by the bakery, and I get a half-dozen chocolate-covered strawberries and then a bottle of champagne before cashing out.  
“What’s the special occasion? It looks like you’re going all out.” 
“Can’t I celebrate just being alone with my girlfriend?” 
She smiles and leans into me. “I like the way that sounds.” 
I kiss the top of her head. “Me, too.” 
We drive to Siesta Key Beach. I remove my shoes, socks, and jacket. I also roll my pant legs up, so I don’t ruin them in the sand. Emma also removes her heels before we walk on the beach. We spread out a blanket on the baby powder sand. I watch Emma as she shivers. As she removes the food from the bags, I run to the car and get my suit jacket for her.  
After we eat, she sits in between my legs and we have chocolate-covered strawberries and champagne. I rest my chin on her shoulder and she rests her head against mine. Her hair smells like lilacs. I close my eyes and think back to the conversation I had with Danny. She looks back at me and asks, “You’re so quiet tonight, are you sure you’re all right?”  
“Emma?” 
She leans up and turns around to face me. “What is it?” 
I take her face in my hands and I search her eyes. “God, you are so beautiful.” I kiss one eyelid and then the other. She just watches me and doesn’t say anything. “I love being with you, and I hate leaving you at the end of the day.” 
“Alec, I feel the same way. I wake up every morning and I can’t wait to see you.” 
“Emma, I can’t get enough of you. I want to be with you every minute of every day.” I look her from one eye to the other. I can see the concern in her clear blue eyes. “I love you, I love everything about you. I don’t think I realized it until tonight, but I do. I’m sorry if it’s too soon or if that scares you.” 
I look at her and I can see the smile on her lips. “Alec, I love you, too.” 
“You do?” 
“I do. I have known it for a while now.”  
I take her face in my hands and kiss her. I kiss her so she can feel the love that I have for her. She moans and I lay her down on the blanket on her back. Climbing on top of her, I smile down at her as I slowly lower myself. She wraps her arms around my neck and intertwines her fingers into my hair. I kiss her and she moans. She opens her mouth to invite me in.  
Some teenagers who are walking by yell, “Get a room.” 
Emma laughs, and I want to chase them down and beat them for ruining the mood. “Come on, let’s go, they do have a point,” I say, standing and reaching my hand out for hers.  
“Where are we going? I don’t want the night to end.” 
I smile. “James and Raelynn have sitters until tomorrow; let’s stay at my place.” 
She doesn’t say anything but helps me fold the blanket and gather the trash. We walk hand in hand to the car in silence. She has her game face on and I can’t read it. I open her car door for her before I ask her what’s wrong.  
When she doesn’t say anything, I get closer to her and lift her chin so she looks at me. “What is it? Is it too soon?” 
She closes her eyes and says, “I have only been with Max. I haven’t been with anyone else.” 
I nod in understanding. “Emma, we can wait. I’m in no hurry. We can take it as slow as you want or need to.” 
“Alec, you don’t understand, I want to. I just want you to know, it’s been awhile for me.” 
I cup her cheek with my hand and caress her cheek with my thumb. “I understand. Don’t be afraid of me, Emma. I love you, I won’t hurt you.” 
“I love you, too.”  
I kiss her soft lips. I back away so she can get into the car.  
We drive the short distance to my house. Emma has never been here. No one but Molly has ever been here. I open her car door for her and she smiles. We walk hand in hand into the dark house. Once we are inside, I turn on a lamp in the family room. “Do you want a drink?” 
“No, thank you.” 
I walk over to her and bend down to kiss her. When she reaches up to wrap her arms around my neck, I lift her off the floor and she squeals. She wraps her legs around me, and I kiss her harder. When she moans into my mouth, I reach my hands around her body and squeeze her butt. My dick turns rock hard when I realize she is wearing a thong. I moan in her mouth and I can feel her smile. With me still holding onto her, she reaches behind her and I hear the zipper to her dress. I pull away from her mouth and kiss her ear, then her neck. The dress falls from her shoulders, exposing her red silk and lace bra.  
I raise my head so I can see. “Oh, God, Emma. You are so sexy.” I kiss her again.  
Her breathing picks up and she whispers, “Please, make love to me.” 
I walk down the dark hallway, still holding onto her bare butt. She is kissing me and removing my tie and unbuttoning my shirt. I bump into the door and she laughs. Once inside the bedroom, I bump into the dresser and something falls to the ground. 
“Ouch,” Emma giggles, “and I thought I was out of practice.” 
“Sorry,” I say. “It really does look like I’m out of practice, too.” 
I turn on the lamp and we both startle when a voice says, “Are you going to introduce your little friend to your wife?” I look at the half-naked woman lying across my bed — it’s Molly. 
Note
Shattered Dreams is book one of the Freedom trilogy.  
Book One: Shattered Dreams 
Book Two: Broken Lives  
Book Three: Mending Hearts 

Other books written by this Author include:
The Starting Over trilogy
Book One: A New Beginning
Book Two: Saving Angel
Book Three: Destined to Love

Acknowledgments
My husband, Rex: Thank you for supporting me. I will always love you.  
Carey, John, Derek, Nikki, Chastidy, Rex, Brittany, Amanda, and Katie: Thank you for reminding me what is important every single day. I love you.  
Desmond, Samantha, Autumn, Evan, Derek, Dayquan, Darius, Draden, Alyssa, Hailey, Lucca, Tanner, Giovanni, Cain, Lelila, Kylie, DeVonte’, Adrienne, Amaya, Dominic, Damien, Caden, and Gemma: Thank you for reminding me that I am somebody; I am your grandma and nothing else matters. I love you all.  
My sisters and brothers: George, Martha, Rosa, Carla and Frank: Thank you for your support. I love you. 
My other brother, David: Words cannot express to you my gratitude and appreciation I have for you. I am forever indebted to you. Thank you and I love you.  
Thank you to my P.A.s: Brittany Kennedy and Rosa Jones: Thank you for all your help at book signings. I couldn’t have done it without you.  
Thank you to Christina Badder, for taking care of the blog tour for Shattered Dreams. It was totally amazing and you went above and beyond. I cannot thank you enough.  
Thank you to my Beta readers: Cathy Stotts, Lorraine McDonald, Natalie Neck, Nichole Taggart, Kayleigh Deal, Raelynn Chambers, Dee Knope, Heather Ross-Cicio, Dove King Bailey, Stevie Maul, Heather Osborne, Heather Leach Schrader, Heaven Potter, Sherry Darr, Lou Ann Mohler, Amy Sperry, and Jenni Crawford. I appreciate you all, more than you know. 
Thank you to ‘Brenda’s Street Talkers,’ for pimping my books, making teasers and banners, and just for the support I receive from you every day.  
Thank you to Beth Maddox at Cover It Up Designs for the book cover. I am excited for this cover and for the other two book covers of the trilogy. I love your work and your vision.  
Thank you to all the bloggers for featuring me and Shattered Dreams on your blogs. I appreciate you more than you know.  
All my family, friends, internet friends, and the Manatee County Jail nursing and corrections staff: Thank you all for your support and ideas. I have used many of your names in Shattered Dreams. 
My close family and very close friends: You may recognize many names and places in Shattered Dreams. I had so much fun incorporating family names and some of my favorite places into this book. You all have definitely helped inspire many of the characters in this book.  
To my readers, and fans. Thank you a million times over for reading and reviewing my books. 
I support Indie Authors. If you read this book, please take the time to go on the purchasing site and give it a review. Independent authors count on your reviews to get the word out about our books. Thank you for taking the time to read our books and taking the extra time to review them. We all appreciate it very much.  
Disclaimer: People and places in this book have been used fictitiously and without malice. 
About the Author: First and foremost I am a wife, mother and grandmother. 
I am also a nurse and a new author. 
I moved to sunny Florida in 2006 and never looked back. I love fresh squeezed lemonade, crushed ice, teacups, wineglasses, non-franchise restaurants, ice cream cones, boating, picnics, cookouts, throwing parties, lace, white wine, mojitos, strawberry margaritas, white linen tablecloths, fresh flowers and Pinterest. I also love to read and write and to spend time with my family. 
My books, thus far, have been inspired by the things I love and the people who influence me, every single day to be a better person. 
You may follow me on:  
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Brenda-Kennedy-Author 
https://twitter.com/BrendaKennedy_ 
Brendakennedy48@gmail.com 
https://www.goodreads.com/author/dashboard

